They elect their representatives in a voting booth.
They elected Hashimoto the Prime Minister.
They elected John captain of their team.
They elected John the captain of the team.
They elected Mr Tanaka captain of the team.
They elected Peter as captain.
They elected Taro captain of their team.
They elected her chairperson.
They elected her mayor.
They elected her president.
They elected her to be the mayor.
They elected him President of the USA.
They elected him chairman.
They elected him mayor by a large majority.
They elected him mayor.
They elected him president.
They elected me to the student body class.
They elected me to the student class council.
They embarked at Southampton for New York.
They embarked on the new project full of hope.
They embezzled the profits of many Algerian companies.
They embrace change with open minds.
They embrace change with optimism.
They embrace creativity in every situation.
They embrace failure as part of learning.
They embraced each other and cuddled.
They embraced each other.
They embraced lovingly.
They embraced on a bench.
They embraced tightly.
They embraced.
They emerged from their rest.
They emphasized that Azerbaijan and the UAE support each other within international organizations.
They employ foreigners because Japanese workers are in short supply.
They employ temporary workers.
They employed ten workers last year.
They emptied their pockets.
They encircled the kid and hit him.
They encountered a lot of rain on the bike ride.
They encountered each other in town.
They encountered each other.
They encourage and support each other.
They encourage each other to take risks.
They encourage each other to think big.
They encouraged her to take on new challenges.
They encouraged me to come back.
They encouraged us to take risks and step out of our comfort zones.
They encroach on our fundamental liberties.
They end up with clean dirt.
They end up with clean soil.
They endeavored in order to do their duty.
They ended capitalism and built a socialist society.
They ended the broadcast with the crew taking turns reading from the book of Genesis.
They ended the game of chess in a draw.
They ended the internship.
They ended the life of this goat as a sacred act.
They ended the war.
They ended their lives.
They ended up coming to the restaurant.
They ended up converting to Islam and marrying into local families.
They ended up doing that by themselves.
They ended up going by themselves.
They ended up going themselves.
They ended up having a massive fight over something trivial.
They ended up watching a children's movie.
They endured many difficulties.
They enforced obedience upon us.
They engaged in a process of conciliation to resolve their differences.
They engaged in friendly banter.
They engaged in magic.
They enhance the company's operations.
They enjoy a brilliant reputation.
They enjoy coffee at the café.
They enjoy cooking meals together.
They enjoy giving people a hard time.
They enjoy going for walks in the countryside.
They enjoy going on country walks.
They enjoy helping people.
They enjoy hiking in nature on weekends.
They enjoy movies.
They enjoy one another's company.
They enjoy one another’s company.
They enjoy playing together.
They enjoy reading novels.
They enjoy talking about themselves.
They enjoy the benefits of a great reputation.
They enjoy the highest standing.
They enjoy their classes.
They enjoy their work.
They enjoy walking in the countryside.
They enjoy what they do.
They enjoyed Gabor's mansion tour.
They enjoyed a delightful meal with friends at their favorite restaurant.
They enjoyed a quiet evening by the beach bonfire.
They enjoyed a romantic dinner.
They enjoyed all the attention from the media.
They enjoyed coffee at the park.
They enjoyed life a little bit.
They enjoyed pepper and crushed tomato.
They enjoyed singing songs.
They enjoyed some couscous.
They enjoyed some good food.
They enjoyed the acoustic performance.
They enjoyed the bird’s cheerful presence.
They enjoyed the café's free Wi-Fi.
They enjoyed the free lunch.
They enjoyed the local cuisine during their tropical vacation.
They enjoyed the service.
They enjoyed the soft and fluffy buns.
They enjoyed the softness and sweetness of the buns.
They enjoyed the video.
They enjoyed their stay.
They enjoyed themselves at the concert.
They enjoyed themselves at the party.
They enjoyed themselves.
They enjoyed torturing me.
They enjoyed watching television.
They enriched each other.
They enrolled him as a jury member.
They ensure the office is well ventilated.
They ensured that peace was restored after the conflict.
They entangled him in a plot.
They entered cautiously.
They entered his name on the list.
They entered into a discussion about the issue.
They entered into a discussion.
They entered into a heated discussion.
They entered into conversation.
They entered into each other's spaces.
They entered one after another.
They entered the cave.
They entered the elevator.
They entered the forest.
They entered the garage.
They entered the highway.
They entered the hospital.
They entered the house.
They entered the inn and the three settled down at the table, but none of them had an appetite.
They entered the jungle armed to the teeth.
They entered the jungle.
They entered the mosque.
They entered the quiet house.
They entered the room.
They entered the school in regular clothes.
They entered the school.
They entered the stable.
They entered the vehicle.
They entered the zoo.
They entered their passwords.
They entertained the children.
They entertained us at dinner last night.
They entertained us at dinner.
They enthusiastically cheered for their favorite team.
They entrusted someone inexperienced with the mission.
They entrusted that work to Tom.
They envied Silya.
They envied one another.
They envisage using the eagles against drones that fly into restricted air space, or above a public event.
They envy each other.
They envy you your beauty.
They envy you.
They epitomize the romance of the Australian Outback but sheep shearers are deserting the job in droves, sending the country's wool industry into crisis.
They equate religion with church-going.
They erected a gravestone at the head of the grave overlooking the harbour.
They erected a statue in memory of Gandhi.
They erected a statue in the park to commemorate the fallen of both wars.
They erected chapels all over the island.
They escaped being punished.
They escaped from prison.
They escaped the island thanks to the seaplane.
They escaped to Akfadu.
They escaped upstairs.
They escaped when the door was opened.
They escaped.
They escorted one another.
They especially liked his plan to cut taxes.
They established a Japanese language class for the refugees.
They established a partnership.
They established a peaceful alliance.
They established a special research department in Algeria.
They established official relations in 1979.
They established settlements in Africa.
They evaluate team productivity.
They evaluated themselves.
They even bought Mom a huge stuffed animal.
They even had a great sense of humor.
They even have a small degree of Berber admixture.
They even have kids.
They even listened to music.
They even named their boy after you.
They even paid up front with a crazy bonus.
They even rode a bicycle.
They eventually agreed.
They eventually became friends.
They eventually changed their minds.
They eventually collapsed.
They eventually died.
They eventually moved to Algeria.
They eventually started a cosmetics company.
They eventually turned themselves in.
They evidently prefer that written names stay unchanged, even if you’ll scarcely be able, by the rules of Esperanto, to read those names aloud.
They evidently side with him.
They examine social structures.
They examined the jewel.
They examined the risks of space travel.
They examined the skulls.
They excessively idolize their leader.
They exchange gifts at New Year's.
They exchange glances.
They exchange peace for war.
They exchanged Japanese money for American.
They exchanged a look.
They exchanged amused looks.
They exchanged blows.
They exchanged formal greetings.
They exchanged gifts.
They exchanged greetings.
They exchanged hellos.
They exchanged ideas before reaching a decision.
They exchanged ideas.
They exchanged kisses and hugs.
They exchanged knowing looks.
They exchanged looks of concern.
They exchanged passionate e-mails.
They exchanged seats with each other.
They exchanged smiles.
They exchanged the New Year's greeting.
They exchanged the New Year’s greeting.
They exchanged their camera for a guitar.
They exchanged their contact numbers.
They exchanged thoughts.
They exchanged valuable ideas.
They excluded John from the club.
They excluded her from the meeting.
They excused themselves and left.
They excused themselves.
They executed Tom.
They executed every civilian.
They executed every man.
They executed her.
They executed him.
They executed the directive.
They exercise daily to stay fit.
They exert pressure on them.
They exhaled.
They exhausted all the resources of the country.
They exist to this day.
They expanded their plantation in Algeria.
They expect a lot from you.
They expect an American to be a white person.
They expect me to bring her home.
They expect me to help them do that.
They expect me to help them.
They expect some cooperation of you.
They expect to win.
They expect us tomorrow at 2:30.
They expected it to rain frogs?
They expected that Jefferson would be re-elected.
They expected the British to win.
They expected to win.
They experienced a gut-wrenching loss when their house burned down completely.
They experienced a pain in their legs.
They experienced an upturn in fortunes when Tom arrived.
They experienced emotional pain and despair.
They experienced rejection.
They experienced some vision problems.
They experiment with insects.
They experimented with at least half a dozen different ways of arranging their back hair.
They experimented with new ideas and ways of living.
They experimented with unusual colors.
They explain.
They explained everything.
They explained how they did that.
They explained how they lost their money.
They explained it to me before going.
They explained it to me many times, but I never understood.
They explained it.
They explained the movie.
They explained their decision.
They explained their decisions.
They explained their plan in detail.
They explained their plans in detail.
They explained their reasons clearly.
They explained their reasons to me.
They explained them to me with pleasure.
They explained why they did that.
They explained why they did this.
They explained why they didn't do that.
They explained why they were late.
They explained why they were there.
They exploded.
They explore different forms of art.
They explore digital art techniques.
They explore new ways to grow.
They explore new ways to think together.
They explore possibilities without fear.
They explore the impact of music on society.
They explore the influence of art on culture.
They explore the intersection of art and technology.
They explore the meaning of happiness.
They explore the problem.
They explore the relationship between music and emotion.
They explore the unknown with confidence.
They explored Lake Tanganyika in East Africa.
They explored a cave and discovered ancient drawings.
They explored ancient ruins hidden in the jungle.
They explored different book genres.
They explored every avenue in an attempt to avoid war.
They explored new colors.
They explored new ideas together.
They explored the Antarctic.
They explored the abandoned house.
They explored the cave.
They explored the caves along the rocky coastline.
They explored the desert in quest of buried treasure.
They explored the forest and found treasures.
They explored the island's famous caves and cliffs.
They explored the island's hidden lagoons and caves.
They explored the ocean depths.
They explored the surrounding area by hiking.
They explored warm colors.
They export a lot of fruit, such as oranges, grapefruits and lemons.
They export grain to many countries.
They exported tea mainly to Europe.
They exposed Mina.
They exposed the books to the sun.
They exposed themselves.
They express disagreement by shaking their heads, which may indicate agreement in other countries.
They express themselves very well.
They expressed satisfaction with their lives.
They expressed their deep love of their country in their own ways.
They expressed their disappointment.
They expressed their indignity at the claims.
They expressed their willingness to help.
They extend kind regards to your wife.
They extend kindness to their neighbors.
They extended a rope from tree to tree.
They extended their stay by three days.
They extended their stays by three days.
They extended their territory by conquest.
They extinguished their cigarettes.
They exulted in their unexpected success.
They exulted over the defeat of their enemies.
They eyed each other in silence.
They face challenges together, hand in hand.
They face more serious challenges.
They face the unknown with a quiet courage.
They face up to seven years in prison.
They faced starvation and misery.
They faced the danger bravely.
They faced the peril of falling rocks.
They faced worse.
They fail to discuss civilly what to do.
They fail to see that the American people are engrossed in the building for themselves of a new economic system, a new social system, a new political system all of which are characterized by aspirations of freedom of opportunity and thereby are the negation of imperialism.
They failed because they didn't study.
They failed both times.
They failed in the examination.
They failed the exam.
They failed the final exam.
They failed the test miserably.
They failed the test.
They failed to ban the flag.
They failed to come on time owing to the traffic jam.
They failed to find someone who would reply to them.
They failed to fulfill the conditions.
They failed to get any definite information.
They failed to get the necessary votes.
They failed to keep their promise.
They failed to keep their promises.
They failed to repulse our attack.
They failed to take into account the special needs of old people.
They failed twice.
They fainted.
They faked it.
They falsified the account balances to evade the tax.
They falsify the numbers.
They farm sugarcane.
They fasted.
They fastened their seatbelts.
They fatally shot themselves.
They fear abandonment.
They fear death lest it should take them away.
They fear for their lives.
They fear that he may be dead.
They fear the Píib.
They fear the balance of power between the state and individuals has been upended and bewail governments navigating the pandemic with what they argue has been heavy-handed state coercion.
They feared a threat to democracy.
They feared being overheard.
They feared that the dispute would hurt the economy.
They feared the cost of war would be high.
They feared the dark.
They feared you.
They fearlessly face their enemies.
They feast all night and fast from dawn to dusk for one month every year.
They feasted on bell pepper and pounded tomato.
They feasted on lobster and steak.
They fed a black and a white dog.
They fed me a line about Monday being a holiday, so I took the day off, and it wasn't.
They fed me a line about Monday being a holiday, so I took the day off, and it wasn’t.
They fed me when I was little.
They fed the bird in the morning.
They fed the dog daily.
They fed the dog.
They fed the dogs.
They fed the fish.
They fed the homeless.
They fed the horses.
They fed the kids.
They fed their dog table scraps.
They fed their dog.
They fed their dogs table scraps.
They fed their horses.
They fed us like kings.
They feed on honey and bread.
They feed table scraps to their dog.
They feed table scraps to their dogs.
They feed the dog daily.
They feed the poor.
They feed their dog twice a day.
They feed their dogs twice a day.
They feed us lies.
They feel a sense of shame.
They feel a strange affinity with each other.
They feel at home here.
They feel bored.
They feel closer than brothers.
They feel comfortable.
They feel contempt for one another.
They feel drawn to each other.
They feel fine.
They feel hungry.
They feel like going for a walk.
They feel lost.
They feel more secure in their relationship.
They feel nauseous.
They feel sorry for themselves.
They feel sorry for us.
They fell and broke their legs.
They fell and hurt their knees.
They fell and hurt themselves.
They fell and scraped their knees.
They fell asleep after the movie.
They fell asleep cuddling on the sofa.
They fell asleep during the film.
They fell asleep first.
They fell asleep in each other's arms.
They fell asleep with their clothes on.
They fell asleep with their glasses on.
They fell asleep wrapped up in each other's arms.
They fell asleep.
They fell back.
They fell behind.
They fell deeply in love.
They fell down and hurt their knees.
They fell down and hurt themselves.
They fell down the stairs.
They fell for each other immediately.
They fell from the tree.
They fell ill.
They fell in love and planned to marry after the war.
They fell in love as soon as they met.
They fell in love as teenagers.
They fell in love shortly afterwards.
They fell in love the moment their eyes met.
They fell in love with each other at first sight.
They fell in love with the same girl.
They fell in love with the same guy.
They fell in love with their best friend.
They fell in love with village life.
They fell in love, and in due course they were married.
They fell in love, got married, and started a family.
They fell in love, got married, and started their family.
They fell in the volcano and died horribly.
They fell into each other's arms.
They fell into our hands.
They fell into the conversation immediately.
They fell into the difficult problems.
They fell into the well.
They fell madly in love after drinking a love potion.
They fell off a vehicle.
They fell off their bicycles.
They fell off their bikes.
They fell off their chairs.
They fell off their horses.
They fell on the floor.
They fell on the table.
They fell one after another.
They fell onto the tracks.
They fell out with each other over something trivial.
They fell out with each other over trifles.
They fell over in the school playground.
They fell over themselves to compliment him.
They fell several times off the bike.
They fell silent.
They fell to quarreling again.
They fell.
They felt America's farmers were poorer than they should be.
They felt America’s farmers were poorer than they should be.
They felt United States' farmers were poorer than they should be.
They felt a renewed love for their country.
They felt alone.
They felt an irresistible urge to talk about that.
They felt ashamed.
They felt betrayed.
They felt better.
They felt damn good.
They felt defeated.
They felt disgraced by their son's wild behavior.
They felt disgraced by their son’s wild behavior.
They felt dizzy.
They felt fine.
They felt followed.
They felt good about themselves.
They felt good to be praised.
They felt good.
They felt he had no chance to win the election.
They felt he was too weak.
They felt humiliated.
They felt jealous.
They felt like they could do anything.
They felt like they could do it.
They felt like they were being followed.
They felt like they were on their own.
They felt like they'd been betrayed.
They felt many emotions on their wedding day.
They felt menaced.
They felt mutual affection.
They felt neglected.
They felt pain.
They felt rage every time they thought about Dad.
They felt rejected.
They felt rejection.
They felt rejuvenated.
They felt remorse for what they'd done.
They felt sad.
They felt sick.
They felt so foolish for not telling Dad the truth.
They felt sorry for Skura.
They felt stupid.
They felt sure of success.
They felt terrible.
They felt that now was not the time to start a civil war.
They felt that slavery was evil.
They felt that some of his attacks were unjust.
They felt that they needed to do something.
They felt that they were getting old.
They felt that way about her.
They felt that.
They felt the cold rain on their faces.
They felt the need to dispute that.
They felt the urge to talk during the lesson.
They felt their candidate would win in 1860.
They felt their hearts beating faster.
They felt their knees tremble.
They felt their way in the dark.
They felt they didn't have a choice.
They felt they had to do something.
They felt they had to say something.
They felt they needed to do something.
They felt they needed to make amends.
They felt they were going to die.
They felt they'd done their duty.
They felt unappreciated.
They felt uncomfortable at first, but now they fit my feet well and are comfortable.
They felt uncomfortable, so they left.
They felt uncomfortable.
They felt uneasy.
They felt unwanted.
They felt violated.
They felt weary after their hard work.
They felt worried.
They fenced off an area to park cars.
They fervently believe in God.
They fetched sand from the river.
They fidgeted in their chairs.
They fight and then they make up.
They fight constantly.
They fight for freedom.
They fight for human rights.
They fight for their country.
They fight in the streets.
They fight like an old married couple.
They fight like cat and dog.
They fight like cats and dogs.
They figured it out on their own.
They figured out how to make money the easy way.
They figured that there was no hope.
They figured that they could do that.
They figured there was no hope.
They figured they could do that.
They figured they couldn't afford it.
They figured they'd be able to do that.
They filed off the identification number so the engine could not be traced back to the original car.
They fill you alone.
They filled in the blanks.
They filled out the forms.
They filled the jars with water.
They filled the jug to the brim.
They filled the sink up with water.
They filled the vacancy by appointment.
They filled their bags with walnuts.
They filled their buckets with sand.
They filled their glasses again.
They filled their glasses with water.
They filled their glasses with wine.
They filled their plates with food.
They filled them with straw to make them round and hard.
They filmed that.
They filmed the documentary in the wilds of Algeria.
They filmed the entire ceremony.
They filmed the music video in an abandoned house.
They finalized the terms.
They finally acknowledged it as true.
They finally agreed.
They finally appeared to arms.
They finally broke the silence.
They finally consented to our suggestion.
They finally decided to continue their relationship.
They finally found their keys.
They finally found their way home.
They finally gave up.
They finally got a poney.
They finally got what they wanted.
They finally had a car.
They finally had to commit Tom to an asylum.
They finally had to put Tom in an asylum.
They finally left.
They finally lost their tempers.
They finally made it up with each other after months of silence.
They finally made peace with the enemy.
They finally met with me. Informally, of course, in the back room.
They finally reached a small village.
They finally reached the peak.
They finally reached the top of the mountain.
They finally reaches the peak of the mountain.
They finally relented.
They finally started the show.
They finally started to asphalt that road again. It was about time! You could only cycle zigzagging there if you didn't want your wheel to get buckled because of the holes in the road surface.
They finally started to asphalt that road again. It was about time! You could only cycle zigzagging there if you didn’t want your wheel to get buckled because of the holes in the road surface.
They finally succeeded after many months of travail.
They finally succeeded.
They finally took a hike!
They finally took off their coats.
They find a secret delight in abasing themselves before men of violence.
They find beauty in every moment.
They find beauty in every silence.
They find beauty in everyday objects.
They find beauty in the simplest of things.
They find great, deep satisfaction in imitating the actions of humans, as parrots and mynahs and parakeets imitate human speech.
They find inspiration in nature.
They find joy in intellectual challenges.
They find joy in the quiet moments of life.
They find me incapable of following through with this profession.
They find meaning in the silence that follows the storm.
They find peace in the journey, not just the destination.
They find peace in the quiet strength of each other.
They find strength in the calm before the storm.
They fine you if you keep your lights off.
They fine you in Singapore if you throw trash in the streets.
They fined him 5,000 yen for illegal parking.
They fined us.
They fingerprinted me.
They finished 13th.
They finished a journey of 80 miles.
They finished all the apples, but no one ate any pears.
They finished building the bridge on time.
They finished burying the dead.
They finished doing that by themselves.
They finished eating.
They finished eighty miles' journey.
They finished eighty miles’ journey.
They finished high school.
They finished in a tie.
They finished in thirteenth place.
They finished lunch.
They finished mopping the floor.
They finished packing their suitcases.
They finished praying.
They finished secondary school last year.
They finished talking.
They finished that.
They finished the job.
They finished the presentation.
They finished the project on schedule.
They finished the race.
They finished the school year.
They finished the work after a week.
They finished the work by themselves.
They finished the work in a week.
They finished their coffee.
They finished their dessert.
They finished their drinks.
They finished their homework quickly.
They finished their homework.
They finished their meal and then left.
They finished their meal.
They finished their sandwiches.
They finished their siesta.
They finished their work and went home.
They finished without any issues.
They fired Mary.
They fired a few volleys.
They fired a lot of people this week.
They fired all the maids.
They fired at will.
They fired him for being late every morning.
They fired him from his job because he was drinking.
They fired him from his job.
They fired me.
They fired repeatedly.
They fired several torpedoes.
They fired the butler.
They fired their guns.
They fired them from work.
They fired thirty people calling it cost saving.
They first met on a spring morning.
They first met on a summer afternoon.
They first wanted to name their son Dimitri, but later changed their minds and named him Igor.
They fished the stream for trout.
They fit each other so perfectly.
They fix problems.
They fixed everything.
They fixed it.
They fixed the broken door.
They fixed the car all by themselves.
They fixed the car themselves.
They fixed the flat tire by themselves.
They fixed the potholes with tar.
They fixed the sign to the wall.
They fixed themselves cocktails.
They fixed up a quarrel.
They flashed their headlights.
They flattened his nose.
They flattened themselves against the wall.
They flattered him about his diligence.
They flattered him.
They flattered me.
They fled early yesterday.
They fled in all directions.
They fled in all possible directions.
They fled the doomed company like rats deserting a sinking ship.
They fled the town after the earthquake.
They fled the war.
They fled through a secret passageway.
They fled to France.
They fled to the Algerian embassy.
They fled to the beach for safety.
They flew Yanni to Algeria, all expenses paid.
They flew a kite.
They flew around the entire galaxy.
They flew off the shelves.
They flew over woods and lakes, over sea and land; below them roared the wild wind; the wolves howled and the snow crackled; over them flew the black screaming crows, and above all shone the moon, clear and bright.
They flew paper airplanes.
They flew to Paris by way of New York.
They flew.
They flipped him against me.
They floated the logs down the river to the sawmill.
They floss their teeth every day.
They flunked him in geometry.
They flunked their exams.
They fly about 35,000 km in eight months.
They fly south from the arctic region.
They fly tomorrow.
They focus on building relationships.
They focus on continuous improvement.
They focus on creating socially impactful art.
They focus on creative solutions.
They focus on growth through creative risk-taking.
They focus on long-term innovation.
They focus on making art accessible to all.
They focus on shared success.
They focus on the cultural impact of music.
They focused on the money.
They focused on their work.
They folded their T-shirts carefully.
They folded their arms.
They folded their sheets.
They folded up their umbrellas.
They follow a different style.
They follow an intolerant ideology.
They follow each other.
They follow health and safety guidelines.
They follow the masses and structure their lives mainly to please the perception of others. They're sheeple. Every last one of them.
They follow the office safety guidelines.
They follow the path of quiet wisdom.
They followed Dad inside the house.
They followed Mom to the hospital.
They followed Skura home.
They followed Tom as far as the edge of the forest.
They followed Tom.
They followed each other.
They followed hard after the man.
They followed her.
They followed him.
They followed me.
They followed that car.
They followed the buffalo across the plains.
They followed the bus on their bicycles.
They followed the orders.
They followed the river downstream.
They followed the river north.
They followed the tracks into the woods.
They followed the tracks the car had left.
They followed their instincts.
They followed their leader blindly.
They followed them.
They followed us.
They followed you here.
They followed you.
They fool people into buying those amulets.
They fooled a lot of people.
They fooled me.
They fooled the boy into stealing his father's watch.
They fooled the boy into stealing his father’s watch.
They fooled us.
They foraged for berries.
They foraged for food in the forest.
They forced a smile.
They forced her to confess.
They forced her to go there.
They forced him to give in to their opinion.
They forced him to go there.
They forced him to resign.
They forced him to sign the letter.
They forced him to tell the truth.
They forced me out.
They forced me to go with Tom.
They forced me to lie.
They forced me to sign my name.
They forced me to sing a song.
They forced me to take the medicine.
They forced themselves to do that.
They forced themselves to smile.
They forced themselves to stay alert.
They forced themselves to stay focused.
They forced us to do that.
They forecast it will be cloudy tomorrow.
They forecast nice weather.
They forecast ten degrees for today.
They forecasted nice weather.
They forgave Mina.
They forgave Skura.
They forgave him for his crimes.
They forgave me.
They forgave you.
They forged Mom's signature.
They forged an indestructible bond.
They forged an unbreakable bond.
They forget everything that happened.
They forgot I am the CEO of this company.
They forgot I don't like ice cream.
They forgot I got a key to that door.
They forgot all about Noah, who had saved them.
They forgot everything.
They forgot her birthday and so did I.
They forgot me.
They forgot my birthday.
They forgot their appointment.
They forgot their appointments.
They forgot their coffee at home.
They forgot their glasses.
They forgot their own birthdays.
They forgot their passwords.
They forgot their sweaters.
They forgot their trumpets at school.
They forgot their umbrellas in a bus.
They forgot their umbrellas in their car.
They forgot their umbrellas in their cars.
They forgot their umbrellas on the bus.
They forgot their umbrellas.
They forgot them.
They forgot they were supposed to dine with me!
They forgot they would eat supper at my house!
They forgot they would have dinner at my place!
They forgot to bring their lunches today.
They forgot to bring their swimsuits.
They forgot to buy more coffee.
They forgot to close the door.
They forgot to do their homework.
They forgot to feed their dog.
They forgot to feed their dogs.
They forgot to invite Tom.
They forgot to lock the door.
They forgot to lock their car.
They forgot to lock their cars.
They forgot to lock their house.
They forgot to lock their houses.
They forgot to notify anyone that the door was freshly painted.
They forgot to number this page.
They forgot to pay the lease.
They forgot to pay their phone bill.
They forgot to pay their phone bills.
They forgot to pay their rent.
They forgot to renew their passports.
They forgot to renew their visas.
They forgot to set their alarm clocks.
They forgot to sign their names.
They forgot to turn off the light.
They forgot to turn their mics off.
They forgot to wake me up.
They forgot to wash their hands.
They forgot us.
They forgot where they'd put their glasses.
They forgot.
They form a class by themselves.
They form a coalition for change.
They formed a band called The Squirrels.
They formed a bond based on trust.
They formed a bond built on mutual respect.
They formed a bond of mutual respect.
They formed a bond that couldn’t be broken.
They formed a circle.
They formed a company in Algeria.
They formed a company to control it.
They formed a cooperative.
They formed a friendship with him.
They formed a human chain.
They formed a new government.
They formed a new political party.
They formed a partnership.
They formed a project to build a new school building.
They formed a swim team.
They formed themselves in groups of five.
They formed themselves into a circle.
They forwarded them to me.
They fought Nuja.
They fought Ziri.
They fought a fair battle with the enemy.
They fought a fierce battle.
They fought against the enemy.
They fought back their tears.
They fought back.
They fought bravely but lost the battle.
They fought bravely.
They fought courageously.
They fought crime to protect their community.
They fought each other.
They fought for freedom of religion.
They fought for freedom.
They fought for the honor of their country.
They fought for the sake of their country.
They fought for their country.
They fought for their home country.
They fought for their homeland.
They fought for their liberty.
They fought for us.
They fought in defense of their country.
They fought in the cause of freedom.
They fought in the cause of justice.
They fought in the mosque.
They fought side by side.
They fought space invaders.
They fought the Italians first in Egypt and Libya.
They fought the fire.
They fought the measures in the courts.
They fought to bring justice and order to the streets.
They fought to maintain peace and stability in the galaxy.
They fought to protect their community from crime.
They fought to the last man.
They fought until the end.
They fought with swords.
They fought, and no one heard.
They fought.
They found 12 million dollars in a suitcase.
They found Mary.
They found Mina.
They found Rachel in great pain.
They found Tom guilty, right?
They found Tom here.
They found Tom hiding in a closet.
They found Tom in a ravine. Unfortunately, he was already dead.
They found Tom in the crowd.
They found Tom's body buried in a shallow grave.
They found Tom, didn't they?
They found Tom.
They found a beach with soft white sand and clear blue water.
They found a beautiful spot for a beach picnic.
They found a blue bird outside.
They found a body in the woods.
They found a body.
They found a cactus in a passenger's luggage at the airport's security check.
They found a copper dagger buried centuries ago.
They found a corpse in Tom's flat.
They found a cure to the virus.
They found a field to play.
They found a giraffe carcass.
They found a hidden path through the forest.
They found a hidden waterfall in the middle of the jungle.
They found a house to rent together.
They found a job.
They found a meteorite.
They found a middle ground.
They found a mysterious city in ruins in the desert.
They found a need and they filled it.
They found a new method.
They found a nodule on Mary's thyroid.
They found a place to live.
They found a pretext.
They found a quiet spot to have lunch on the beach.
They found a secluded beach where they spent the day.
They found a stranger man between houses in the village.
They found a stray dog.
They found a treasure.
They found a tumor in James's brain.
They found an ancient bowl from 2,000 years ago.
They found an extinct species of firefly.
They found an old book in the loft from their school days.
They found an old safe in their garage.
They found common ground.
They found considerable damage to many of the museum's statues and sarcophagi that were too large to be removed for safekeeping.
They found drugs in his luggage.
They found each other.
They found footprints.
They found four more carcasses of giraffes in the area.
They found gold buried in the desert.
They found good jobs near their house.
They found good jobs near their houses.
They found gunshot residue on Tom's hands.
They found gunshot residue on the victim's hand.
They found her, didn't they?
They found her.
They found him alive.
They found him guilty.
They found him in the crowd.
They found him lying unconscious on the kitchen floor.
They found him watching television.
They found him, didn't they?
They found him.
They found his body later, floating in the river.
They found hope in exploration.
They found it difficult to earn a living.
They found it easy to settle in the United States.
They found it exciting to play baseball on the playground.
They found it.
They found jobs that they like.
They found me at home.
They found me by mere chance.
They found me on the shore.
They found my conduct unnatural.
They found new life in the ocean.
They found no hurt or blood upon him, but there was a quantity of mud and dirt about his hair and indeed his whole person, and he thought it would be best to cleanse himself.
They found no one to give them a response.
They found no such proof.
They found no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.
They found nothing suspicious.
They found nothing.
They found one.
They found only old junk in the attic.
They found only old junk in the loft.
They found out Tom was the arsonist.
They found out Tom was the thief.
They found out Tom was the werewolf.
They found out a new method.
They found out about it on their own.
They found out about the plan.
They found out it was way the very same house, so they went to the Movers to see if the little House could be moved.
They found out that Tom was the arsonist.
They found out that Tom was the thief.
They found out that Tom was the werewolf.
They found out the truth.
They found out their families didn't get along.
They found out truth while examining a pile of relevant documents.
They found out.
They found peace.
They found players whose username included some kind of profanity or other crude words or phrases were also more inclined to be more antisocial in their game-play interactions with others than those with rather benign usernames.
They found several T-shirts that they liked.
They found several T-shirts they liked.
They found shelter under the cliff.
They found signs of ancient life.
They found some traces of heroine in Rodrigo's system.
They found some.
They found someone else to interview for their school project.
They found something.
They found that not only do humans need less sleep than chimps, macaques and lemurs, we spend a greater percentage of our slumber in the deeper, more restorative stages of sleep.
They found that the meat had been eaten.
They found that the problem they thought they had had had not been a problem at all.
They found that their families didn't like each other.
They found that their families didn’t like each other.
They found that those who breast-fed had a 9 percent lower risk of heart disease and an 8 percent decreased risk of stroke, compared with women who had never nursed. The benefit was even greater for women who breast-fed their babies for two years or more. Their heart disease risk was 18 percent lower and the risk of stroke 17 percent less.
They found the bird in the garden.
They found the black box of the aircraft.
They found the body of a newborn baby in a freezer.
They found the café cozy.
They found the dog.
They found the door locked.
They found the gold hidden in a cave.
They found the guy speeding down the highway.
They found the hidden house.
They found the hideout just before sunset.
They found the missing key just before giving up.
They found the outlaw’s tracks near the river.
They found the panties in his car.
They found the ring.
They found the room empty.
They found the ship completely wrecked on the shore.
They found the stolen money.
They found the track of a bear in the snow.
They found the watches they'd lost.
They found the woman lying down on her back on the bed.
They found their dog dead behind the barn the next morning.
They found their hats and put them on.
They found their home burglarized.
They found their keys under the sofa.
They found their new jobs interesting.
They found them, didn't they?
They found themselves alone again.
They found themselves in a forest.
They found themselves in the middle of people.
They found themselves outside.
They found themselves seats.
They found themselves with nothing.
They found themselves working in a factory.
They found this as an excuse to take things too far.
They found this.
They found us while we were playing football.
They found us while we were playing soccer.
They found us.
They found what they wanted.
They found what they were looking for.
They found you.
They founded a state of which they were the elites, but were eventually assimilated into the local population.
They fractured their wrists.
They framed a constitution for the club.
They francized their names.
They freaked out.
They freed the prisoner.
They frenchified their names.
They frequently do that by themselves.
They frequently talk in their sleep.
They frightened each other.
They frightened the deer.
They frightened the horses.
They frowned at me.
They froze her.
They froze instantly.
They froze it.
They froze the medlars.
They froze to death.
They fucked all night long.
They furnished the house very luxuriously.
They furnished the library with many books.
They furnished the library with new books.
They gag the dead so they won't spill the beans about what went down here.
They gained a victory.
They gained confidence.
They gained great wealth.
They gained power.
They gained superior strength both by access of wealth and by rule over others.
They gained together.
They gallicised their names.
They galloped across the plains.
They gambled away everything they had.
They ganged up on her.
They ganged up on him.
They ganged up on me.
They garden together on sunny days.
They gather each night at the library.
They gathered about the fireplace.
They gathered around the campfire.
They gathered around the kitchen table.
They gathered at a farm in New York State.
They gathered at the coffee shop for a meeting.
They gathered flowers together.
They gathered for Berber class.
They gathered in some villages.
They gathered in the gym.
They gathered nuts in the forest.
They gathered the pieces of the broken dish.
They gathered their children around them.
They gathered their kids around them.
They gathered their stuff and left.
They gathered together to have a chat.
They gathered together.
They gave $300 to each of their sons.
They gave Leon a refund.
They gave Mina attention.
They gave Tom a chance to escape.
They gave Tom a lift to the station.
They gave Tom a nickname.
They gave Tom an enema.
They gave Tom full support.
They gave Tom hot soup.
They gave Tom the same information as they gave me.
They gave a big effort.
They gave a big party for me.
They gave a bone to their dog.
They gave a house to Yidir.
They gave a lot of books to the library.
They gave a piece of cake to Tom.
They gave a play to entertain their teachers.
They gave a roll of film to Skura.
They gave a series of concerts.
They gave all of their belongings away.
They gave all the money to charity.
They gave an excellent presentation.
They gave away 100 PS5s.
They gave away Mina's address.
They gave away all of their belongings.
They gave away as many books as they could.
They gave away everything they owned.
They gave away the ending.
They gave different explanations for the accident.
They gave different versions of the accident.
They gave each of their sons $300.
They gave each other a fist bump.
They gave each other a quick kiss.
They gave each other presents on New Year's Eve.
They gave everything they had.
They gave everything they owned away.
They gave good examples.
They gave half their money to charity.
They gave her a car.
They gave her some apples.
They gave him a Berber exam.
They gave him a car.
They gave him a chance to escape.
They gave him a glass of orange juice laced with vodka.
They gave him a glass of orange juice mixed with vodka.
They gave him a gun.
They gave him a heart massage.
They gave him a lot of money.
They gave him a stomach pump.
They gave him both material and spiritual support.
They gave him something to drink.
They gave him the surprise of his life.
They gave him the wrong box.
They gave him up for lost.
They gave his meat to dogs.
They gave in to my opinion.
They gave it back to her.
They gave it back to him.
They gave it back to you.
They gave it back.
They gave it everything they had.
They gave it their best.
They gave it to me before they died.
They gave it to me.
They gave it try.
They gave lip service to environmental protection, but continued polluting the river.
They gave me 3 days to pack my bags.
They gave me a big discount.
They gave me a box of chicken nuggets instead of the onion rings I ordered.
They gave me a discount for turning in my old car.
They gave me a few books.
They gave me a fob to easily sign out the kids from school, and I put it on my keychain.
They gave me a good deal.
They gave me a hand to lift the fridge.
They gave me a lift, which saved me a lot of time.
They gave me a line of credit.
They gave me a piece of advice.
They gave me a present today at work.
They gave me a present.
They gave me a ten percent discount.
They gave me a tour of their house.
They gave me a vase on my retirement.
They gave me a very offensive nickname.
They gave me an additional nine points.
They gave me an offer that I couldn't refuse.
They gave me an offer that I couldn’t refuse.
They gave me an ultimatum.
They gave me another raise.
They gave me as an example.
They gave me everything I needed.
They gave me everything they had.
They gave me hope.
They gave me no choice.
They gave me some kind of freedom.
They gave me their address.
They gave me their addresses.
They gave me their keys.
They gave me their old car.
They gave me their word.
They gave me this before they died.
They gave me two students for help.
They gave me what I wanted.
They gave mutual help to each other.
They gave no heed to the warning.
They gave no reason for their decision.
They gave no reasons for their decisions.
They gave serious attention to his words.
They gave some oats to their horses.
They gave something to the boy.
They gave thanks to God.
They gave the film a rating of 7 out of 10.
They gave the kids a dirty look and left.
They gave the kids markers.
They gave the order to not let any cargo ships departing to Europe leave Chinese ports.
They gave the party their full support in their anti-colonialist editorials.
They gave the police their statement as to what happened.
They gave the spaceship the name “Discovery”.
They gave their baby a name derived from an ancient Babylonian word which meant "first light".
They gave their cat some milk.
They gave their cats some milk.
They gave their children free rein of the farm.
They gave their dog a bath.
They gave their dog a bone.
They gave their dog something to eat.
They gave their dogs something to eat.
They gave their horses some oats.
They gave their horses water.
They gave their keys to me.
They gave their old car to me.
They gave their seats to the old women.
They gave their teachers a hard time.
They gave them an appointment for tomorrow.
They gave them back to us.
They gave them back to you.
They gave them credit.
They gave themselves up to the enjoyment of sensual pleasures.
They gave this to me before they died.
They gave up all their possessions.
They gave up hope.
They gave up hoping.
They gave up learning French.
They gave up running for class president.
They gave up smoking.
They gave up their plan to climb Mt. Fuji.
They gave up.
They gave us 24 hours to leave our homes.
They gave us a gift.
They gave us a hearty welcome when we arrived.
They gave us a lot of food.
They gave us a lot to eat.
They gave us a number of fish.
They gave us a ride.
They gave us a warm greeting.
They gave us a warm welcome when we arrived.
They gave us all something to eat.
They gave us all the food and fruit we could carry home.
They gave us everything they had.
They gave us hope.
They gave us nothing.
They gave us one last chance.
They gave us the job.
They gave us their word.
They gave us very little trouble.
They gave you a document your dad was supposed to sign, didn't they?
They gave you a name.
They gave you another chance.
They gave you nothing.
They gave you the part.
They gaze upon the stars, dreaming of endless possibilities.
They gazed at the blue horizon.
They generally can't live without their children.
They generally paid a visit on Sundays, after dinner.
They get a great deal of snow in Hokkaido.
They get a lot of rain all through the year.
They get along great.
They get along like a cat and a dog.
They get along well with Mary.
They get along with Mary.
They get anything they want.
They get by fine in the country.
They get each other.
They get married next month.
They get mean when they're drunk.
They get money directly from the Algerian government.
They get money for it.
They get nervous.
They get on well together.
They get on well with their neighbours.
They get overemotional, don't they?
They get stuff done.
They get tired easily.
They get to do whatever they want to.
They get to do whatever they want.
They get together from time to time at the café.
They get up at half past six in the morning.
They get up at half six in the morning.
They get up before their parents do.
They get up early in this house.
They get well-compensated.
They get what they deserve.
They gifted flowers to their friends.
They giggled mischievously as they plotted their prank.
They give bibles for free.
They give concerts here in the summer.
They give each other presents.
They give good service at that restaurant.
They give him way too much freedom to do whatever he wants.
They give nothing.
They give part of their spare time to take care of the sick.
They give presents to one another.
They give their children allowances.
They give their kids allowances.
They give their kids chocolate.
They give us medicine.
They gladly agreed.
They glanced around.
They glanced at each other.
They glanced back.
They glanced down at their feet.
They glanced in their rearview mirror.
They glanced over their shoulders.
They glanced to their left.
They glared at Mina.
They glared at each other for a second.
They go and search for food in the garbage.
They go barefoot.
They go camping every summer.
They go everywhere by themselves.
They go fishing.
They go home.
They go into town every Saturday.
They go on with life without thinking about what they do.
They go out of their way to avoid linguistic diversity; I go out of my way to seek it.
They go running daily.
They go shopping with each other all the time.
They go shopping.
They go skiing at Nozawa every winter.
They go slowly.
They go swimming in the evening.
They go swimming whenever they can.
They go there.
They go to Himeji castle.
They go to Mouloud Mammeri University in Tizi Ouzou.
They go to Tizi Ouzou University.
They go to a bar.
They go to a state school.
They go to build buildings in Australia.
They go to church every Sunday.
They go to church on Sunday morning.
They go to church on Sunday.
They go to church on Sundays.
They go to clubs.
They go to cultural encounters.
They go to high school.
They go to movies together.
They go to nursery school.
They go to riding school every week to learn how to ride.
They go to school by streetcar.
They go to school on foot.
They go to school, don't they?
They go to school.
They go to the best private school in Algiers.
They go to the hammam every week.
They go to the library.
They go to the market together to eat.
They go to the mosque every day.
They go to the mosque on Friday.
They go to the mosque.
They go to the movies together once in a while.
They go to watch a play once every month.
They go to work every day.
They go to work on foot.
They go well together.
They go without shoes.
They gossip.
They gossiped for hours on end.
They got Tom.
They got a big one.
They got a big surprise.
They got a call from Dad.
They got a million views on that video.
They got a pic with Tom Hanks.
They got a prickle on their arm.
They got a raise.
They got a reservation at Giuliani's.
They got a warm reception.
They got abducted by aliens.
They got accepted.
They got addicted.
They got ahead of each other.
They got all of the answers correct.
They got all the money.
They got almost everything they needed.
They got almost everything they wanted.
They got along famously.
They got along very well.
They got ambushed.
They got an anonymous tip.
They got an apartment together in Algiers.
They got an award for good grades.
They got an award for the best debate.
They got angry when I told them that.
They got angry with us.
They got angry.
They got arrested.
They got away from the place.
They got away in a stolen car.
They got back from school.
They got back in the car.
They got back in their car.
They got back in their cars.
They got back into their car.
They got back into their cars.
They got back on their motorcycles.
They got better.
They got bitten.
They got blamed, but it wasn't their fault.
They got bored.
They got caught off guard.
They got caught red-handed.
They got caught.
They got closer.
They got clubbed.
They got confused when they said that to you guys.
They got crushed.
They got defensive.
They got detained.
They got dinner and ice cream.
They got discouraged.
They got divorced, but they live in the same house.
They got down on their knees.
They got dressed and ready.
They got dressed.
They got drunk together.
They got drunk with their friends.
They got drunk.
They got everything they asked for.
They got everything they needed.
They got everything they wanted.
They got evicted.
They got exactly what they asked for.
They got exactly what they deserved.
They got exactly what they wanted.
They got exactly what they wished for.
They got excited when they heard that.
They got excited.
They got expelled from Encinal.
They got extraordinary grades.
They got fat.
They got fired from their jobs.
They got first prize, didn't they?
They got fries at the snack bar.
They got grounded.
They got heartbroken.
They got here already? When?
They got here yesterday.
They got him elected Mayor.
They got him.
They got hit by the car.
They got home all by themselves.
They got home by themselves.
They got home early.
They got home from school in the afternoon.
They got home from school.
They got home from work.
They got home.
They got in line.
They got in their car and drove away.
They got in their car and drove off.
They got in their car and left.
They got in their car and went home.
They got in their car.
They got in their cars and drove away.
They got in their cars and drove off.
They got in their cars and left.
They got in their cars and started them.
They got in their cars and went home.
They got in their cars.
They got in trouble, didn't they?
They got insulted.
They got into a fit of giggles.
They got into an argument over the price.
They got into difficulties.
They got into the boat.
They got into the grip of ignorance and poverty.
They got into the train.
They got into their car and drove off.
They got into their car.
They got into their cars and drove off.
They got into their cars.
They got into trouble.
They got it wrong, didn't they?
They got it wrong.
They got it.
They got kicked out of the store.
They got locked out of their dormitories.
They got locked out of their dormitory.
They got lost in the cave.
They got lost in the forest.
They got lost.
They got lucky.
They got mad.
They got married and had many children.
They got married and settled down in Kabylie.
They got married and settled near Boston.
They got married couple of months ago.
They got married for love but they aren't happy now.
They got married in 2001, if I remember it correctly.
They got married in Algeria.
They got married in Kabylie, Algeria.
They got married in Las Vegas.
They got married in May.
They got married in September.
They got married in Vegas.
They got married last fall.
They got married not long ago.
They got married of late.
They got married on Christmas Eve.
They got married on New Year's Eve.
They got married on the beach.
They got married only recently.
They got married quickly.
They got married recently.
They got married six months ago.
They got married three months ago.
They got married three months later.
They got married two years ago.
They got married very young.
They got married when they were 18.
They got married when they were still young.
They got married when they were thirty.
They got married yesterday at the town hall in a modest wedding ceremony attended by several good friends.
They got married young.
They got married, didn't they?
They got married.
They got more than they expected.
They got more than they needed.
They got nice presents.
They got noisy.
They got nothing.
They got off at the next bus stop.
They got off of their motorcycles.
They got off that same bus.
They got off the bus and walked two kilometers in the hot sun.
They got off the bus and walked two kilometres in the hot sun.
They got off the bus.
They got off the slide.
They got off their bicycles.
They got off their bikes.
They got off their horses.
They got off their motorbikes.
They got off their stools.
They got off to a bad start.
They got on the train.
They got on their bicycles.
They got on their bikes and left.
They got on their bikes and rode away.
They got on their horses.
They got onto the plane.
They got our food ready for the excursion.
They got out of the bus and walked two kilometres in the hot sun.
They got out of the car.
They got out of the house.
They got out of their car.
They got out of their cars.
They got out their notebooks.
They got outside.
They got over to the other side while the light was red.
They got paid more than they expected.
They got paid.
They got played.
They got really lucky.
They got rejected.
They got religious education.
They got reservations.
They got rich.
They got rid of it.
They got rid of their bad habit.
They got rid of their comments section.
They got rid of their old bicycles.
They got rid of their old books.
They got rid of their old car.
They got rid of their old computer.
They got rid of their old computers.
They got scared and killed Tom.
They got scared and killed her.
They got scared and killed him.
They got scared.
They got shampoo in their eyes.
They got sheep.
They got sick.
They got so caught up in the wedding.
They got soap in their eyes.
They got some paint on their shoes.
They got some pie.
They got some shampoo in their eyes.
They got something in their eyes.
They got spooked.
They got stabbed.
They got started simultaneously.
They got stoned at the party.
They got stressed.
They got stuck.
They got tattoos behind Dad's back.
They got tattoos.
They got teased a lot in high school.
They got that recording contract.
They got the car fixed.
They got the hiccups.
They got the hint.
They got the humiliation of a lifetime.
They got the jobs they wanted.
They got the kids a PS5.
They got the message.
They got the part.
They got the plane ready.
They got the prize.
They got the punishment that they deserved.
They got the punishment they deserved.
They got the sack for being careless and tardy.
They got the short end of the stick.
They got the shot.
They got the wrong cake.
They got their car fixed.
They got their cars fixed.
They got their eyes tested.
They got their feelings hurt.
They got their hearing tested.
They got their notebooks out.
They got their revenge.
They got their teeth whitened.
They got their way.
They got their wish.
They got them out safe and sound.
They got themselves drinks.
They got there already? When?
They got there before Tom did.
They got there before Tom.
They got there before her.
They got there before him.
They got there before them.
They got there before us.
They got there before you.
They got there.
They got thoroughly wet in the rain.
They got through the marsh.
They got through the rock.
They got tips.
They got tired of us.
They got tired.
They got to a village under a hill.
They got to be good friends.
They got to business.
They got to the hospital.
They got to the hotel after dark.
They got to the station only a few minutes apart.
They got to their feet.
They got undressed.
They got up from their chairs.
They got up from their desks.
They got up from their seats.
They got up from their stools.
They got up to greet Tom.
They got up to greet her.
They got up to greet him.
They got up to put on their jackets.
They got up to put their jackets on.
They got up.
They got us good.
They got used to the cold.
They got vaccinated.
They got what they came for.
They got what they deserved in the end.
They got what they needed.
They got what they wanted.
They got wiser as they grew older.
They got yelled at by their boss.
They got yelled at by their bosses.
They got you in trouble, didn't they?
They govern themselves.
They grabbed each other's hair and pulled each other towards the ground.
They grabbed more wood.
They grabbed the low-hanging branch.
They grabbed their backpacks and left.
They grabbed their backpacks.
They grabbed their bags and left.
They grabbed their bags.
They grabbed their coats and left.
They grabbed their coats.
They grabbed their keys.
They graded apples according to their size.
They gradually moved closer to each other.
They graduated from college.
They graduated from high school remotely.
They graduated from university.
They graduated high school.
They granted Gunter freedom.
They granted his request.
They granted the journalist an interview.
They grasped my hand.
They greeted Sophia.
They greeted Sophie.
They greeted Tom with open arms.
They greeted each other cordially.
They greeted each other warmly.
They greeted me with a smile.
They greeted me.
They greeted the ladies.
They greeted the principal.
They greeted their guests at the door.
They greeted their guests.
They greeted us cordially.
They greeted us in French.
They greeted us warmly.
They greeted us with a smile.
They grew a lot of vegetables.
They grew angry.
They grew apart.
They grew closer.
They grew fonder of each other as time went by.
They grew frustrated.
They grew impatient.
They grew stronger.
They grew up in a camp.
They grew up in poverty.
They grew up in the mosque.
They grew up together in Kabylie, Algeria.
They grew up together.
They grew up.
They grew warm over the debate.
They grew.
They grieved for their father.
They grieved over their friend's misfortune.
They grind their teeth in their sleep.
They grind wheat into flour.
They grit this road when it's icy.
They gritted their teeth.
They groaned in their sleep.
They groomed the fluffy dog.
They groomed their horses.
They grow currants in this area.
They grow flowers in the garden.
They grow fruit here.
They grow individually while remaining a united front.
They grow melons under glass.
They grow oranges in California.
They grow strawberries in their greenhouse.
They grow stronger through collaboration.
They grow tea on the hillsides.
They grow their own vegetables.
They grow together through challenges.
They grow up fast, so you can't tell their age immediately.
They grow up so fast.
They guarantee it.
They guarantee this clock can be used for a year.
They guarantee this clock for a year.
They guaranteed regular employment to their workers.
They guard their families from poverty.
They guffawed.
They gutted the gazelle.
They hacked Rima's computer.
They hacked into the military system.
They had Berber class together.
They had Tom watch.
They had a Berber class together.
They had a Halloween party at Tom's school.
They had a baby last week.
They had a banquet at 12:00.
They had a battle plan they were sure would succeed.
They had a bit of fun.
They had a bite of each apple.
They had a bitter quarrel.
They had a boat.
They had a boy.
They had a brainstorming session.
They had a brief date.
They had a brief fling.
They had a bruise on their arms.
They had a cadaver dog out there.
They had a campsite there.
They had a child in Algeria.
They had a child.
They had a choice.
They had a church wedding.
They had a compatibility quiz.
They had a compatibility test.
They had a conversation about that.
They had a conversation in Berber.
They had a crowbar.
They had a culture of their own.
They had a cup of tea together and chatted about various things.
They had a cup of tea together and talked about various things.
They had a daughter and three sons.
They had a debate on same-sex marriage.
They had a dent in the rear door.
They had a duty.
They had a fairytale wedding.
They had a few drinks and ended up sleeping together.
They had a few moments together.
They had a fight over one euro.
They had a fight.
They had a fluent conversation in Berber.
They had a good command of French.
They had a good hunt.
They had a good job.
They had a good laugh together.
They had a good life.
They had a good look at the map to find a shorter route.
They had a good reason for firing Tom.
They had a good reason to be happy about it.
They had a great time.
They had a heated argument.
They had a heated discussion.
They had a high opinion of Dr. Schweitzer.
They had a legacy system that they have tinkered with for years and it became more and more difficult to find the expertise to improve it.
They had a lengthy conversation with his wife about Islam.
They had a load of coals behind them—a fuel that could only be got into the upland by this particular route.
They had a long chat about the old days.
They had a long conversation.
They had a long talk in an atmosphere of peace and freedom.
They had a long wait for the bus.
They had a lot in common.
They had a lot of children to provide for.
They had a lot of kids.
They had a lot of luggage and wanted a taxi.
They had a lot of misconceptions about Islam.
They had a lot on their minds.
They had a lovely time together.
They had a luxurious life.
They had a mad, passionate affair.
They had a meal after the movie.
They had a meeting to talk about the water problem.
They had a meeting.
They had a mission.
They had a narrow escape under cover of darkness.
They had a nice picnic in Kabylie.
They had a nickname for you in Boston; what was it?
They had a nightmare.
They had a one hour time limit.
They had a particularly long smacker before they departed, much to the disgust of her brother.
They had a perfect relationship.
They had a physical altercation.
They had a picnic in the field.
They had a picture perfect life.
They had a pillow fight.
They had a problem with their car.
They had a problem.
They had a psychopath as a neighbour and it cost their lives.
They had a really nice Berber language program.
They had a rest for a while.
They had a right to defend themselves.
They had a romantic dinner in Algiers.
They had a rough time of it.
They had a row about their holiday plans.
They had a sandwich.
They had a secret they were hiding.
They had a short conversation.
They had a sleepless night.
They had a son.
They had a spat yesterday.
They had a strained relationship.
They had a table at Giovanni's.
They had a talk about the future life.
They had a two-week break before the final exams.
They had a very good idea.
They had a very heated discussion about Algeria.
They had a wine-and-cheese party.
They had accepted what was necessary to win.
They had already left when we arrived.
They had always wanted to go to Budapest.
They had an accident at work.
They had an accident.
They had an altercation, and it didn't attract anyone's attention.
They had an amazing Halloween.
They had an amazing time.
They had an argument with their neighbour.
They had an argument without anyone noticing.
They had an argument.
They had an exciting game.
They had an extraordinary relationship.
They had an idea.
They had ancient weapons.
They had annoyed looks on their faces.
They had bandages on their foreheads.
They had become officers.
They had been away for two years and five months.
They had been building the bridge for 8 months when I came to see you. They had not finished building it yet.
They had been building the bridge for months when I came to see you. They had not finished building it yet.
They had been building the bridge when I came to see you. They have not finished building it yet.
They had been dancing for an hour when there was a knock on the door.
They had been dating for two years before getting married.
They had been dating for two years before they got married.
They had been defeated in battle.
They had been in the States until the end of World War II.
They had been living where they could, sharing flats and baths, and kitchens, for some years.
They had been living where they could, sharing flats, baths and kitchens for some years.
They had been married for ten years by that time.
They had been saving money for the trip for a year.
They had been so close that she still felt like she could feel him near her as the taxi took her to the airport.
They had been thinking about it for some time.
They had been thumping the drum all along.
They had been together since 2004.
They had been without supplies for almost a month.
They had been working together for common interests.
They had better cut down their living expenses.
They had better have kept their mouths shut.
They had better stop lying.
They had better tell the truth.
They had big grins on their faces.
They had big plans for you.
They had big smiles on their faces.
They had bills.
They had blisters on their hands.
They had books under their arms.
They had breakfast all by themselves.
They had breakfast at eight.
They had breakfast in the kitchen.
They had breakfast.
They had brought up their sons to stand on their own feet.
They had bruises all over their bodies.
They had built roads and bridges.
They had burns all over their bodies.
They had but very little sleep—the Princess scarcely needed any; and the Prince left her next morning to return into the city, where his father was greatly troubled about him.
They had cleared the obstacle from the road.
They had colds, so they stayed in bed.
They had collected stones to build a wall.
They had computers on their laps.
They had confused looks on their faces.
They had covered the country with beautiful sumptuous buildings, expressing the genius of free unions of free men, unrivaled since for their beauty and expressiveness; and they bequeathed to the following generations all the arts, all the industries, of which our present civilization, with all its achievements and promises for the future, is only a further development.
They had decided to put the wedding off until her brother came home from abroad.
They had different ideas.
They had difficulties reaching the island.
They had dinner together.
They had dinner with their parents.
They had dinner.
They had discussed a topic on which they had differing opinions.
They had dizzy spells.
They had drinks in their hands.
They had driven wagons.
They had every right to be upset.
They had everything going for them.
They had everything they wanted.
They had faith in her.
They had faith in him.
They had few opportunities to practice it.
They had finished telling the story by the time I went to class.
They had fought well against a much stronger enemy.
They had fun at the hootenanny.
They had fun at the party.
They had fun playing computer games.
They had fun playing video games.
They had fun with us.
They had fun.
They had funny looks on their faces.
They had games, made good friends, and enjoyed themselves very much.
They had go-carts at the mini golf course.
They had gone a mile or two when they passed one of the night shepherds upon the moorlands, and they cried to him to know if he had seen the hunt.
They had gone there two days before.
They had good chemistry.
They had good flashes of inspiration about this plan.
They had grandparents.
They had great fun at my expense.
They had great sex.
They had great success.
They had guns.
They had had that problem before.
They had had to use what money they had.
They had hallucinations.
They had hardly started when it began to rain.
They had heard nothing during the night, for they are both sound sleepers.
They had heard that he was a very honest man.
They had holes in them when I got them.
They had just fought a war to end British rule.
They had just reached this point when the young man seized his two companions and dragged them down into the shadow, where they lay silent and trembling.
They had knives, didn't they?
They had let me roam the woods, scuffing the dry leaves in autumn, drinking water from the creeks in my cupped hands.
They had lit a fire fit to roast an ox.
They had little fuel for heating and cooking.
They had little information about geography.
They had lived there until they came to Tokyo.
They had long wished to see him.
They had looks of hope on their faces.
They had lost the Civil War.
They had lovely voices, much clearer than any mortal, and when a storm was rising, and they expected ships to be wrecked, they would sing in the most seductive strains of the wonders of the deep, bidding the seafarers have no fear of them.
They had lunch.
They had many bruises after fighting.
They had me blindfolded.
They had me misdiagnosed.
They had me waiting for over half an hour.
They had nausea.
They had never been very seriously cliqued up, but what there was of dissension was forgotten, and they were now one solid crowd.
They had never been very successful.
They had never heard anything like it.
They had never met before the marriage.
They had never met each other.
They had never played together until they formed a band.
They had never seen our house before.
They had new tires put on their car.
They had new tires put on their cars.
They had nightmares.
They had no alternative but to retreat.
They had no alternative energy sources.
They had no beards, no hair and no eyebrows.
They had no chance to defend themselves.
They had no chance.
They had no children.
They had no choice but to accept the offer.
They had no choice but to fire Tom.
They had no choice but to leave.
They had no enemies.
They had no food.
They had no future.
They had no house in which to live.
They had no house to live in.
They had no idea she could speak fluent Berber.
They had no idea what needed to be done.
They had no idea what they should do.
They had no idea what they were doing.
They had no idea what to do.
They had no idea what to expect.
They had no idea where they were.
They had no idea.
They had no imagination.
They had no intention of attending that meeting.
They had no keys.
They had no money left.
They had no money to buy concert tickets with.
They had no more electricity.
They had no one but themselves to blame.
They had no one to help them.
They had no one to tell their stories to.
They had no one to tell their story to.
They had no other option for a better life than to immigrate to the UK.
They had no other recourse but to apologize.
They had no other resource but to apologize.
They had no place to go.
They had no qualifications.
They had no reason to ask us to leave.
They had no regrets.
They had no right to do what they did.
They had no rights.
They had no success.
They had no teeth.
They had no time to catch their breaths.
They had no time to complete their report.
They had nobody to tell their stories to.
They had nobody to tell their story to.
They had not fought for more than forty years.
They had not gone very far when they met an old man.
They had nothing more to say to each other.
They had nothing to eat.
They had nothing to lose.
They had nothing.
They had nowhere to go.
They had oil with figs.
They had once helped each other.
They had one child.
They had one more day left in Germany.
They had one of their legs amputated.
They had one son who died unmarried.
They had only been eating for five minutes when more guests arrived.
They had only one child.
They had opportunities aplenty, but didn’t seize any.
They had other things on their minds.
They had packages under their arms.
They had packs on their backs.
They had paintbrushes in their hands.
They had pens in their hands.
They had photocopied the entire book.
They had plans to be married.
They had plans to travel together someday.
They had plenty of money for the tour.
They had plenty of opportunities to speak English.
They had poor crops year after year.
They had possibly undervalued the need to champion the product's benefits.
They had pretty realistic expectations.
They had promised it.
They had puzzled looks on their faces.
They had red spots all over their bodies.
They had run out of patience.
They had scared looks on their faces.
They had scratches on their arms.
They had scratches on their faces.
They had seen better days.
They had seen people leaving the ship one by one.
They had set fire to the ship.
They had seven children.
They had several children.
They had several options.
They had sex in an elevator.
They had sex on a coffee table.
They had sexual intercourse four times.
They had silly looks on their faces.
They had small boxes in their hands.
They had smirks on their faces.
They had smug looks on their faces.
They had some doubts about their commander.
They had some fun.
They had some tricks up their sleeves.
They had some.
They had something else on their minds.
They had something in common.
They had something in their hands.
They had spaghetti.
They had spent the past three nights sleeping in the woods.
They had started earlier than us.
They had started earlier than we had.
They had stickers on their cars reading: "First Iraq then France".
They had strange looks on their faces.
They had strokes.
They had stunned looks on their faces.
They had stupid grins on their faces.
They had surgery.
They had suspicions.
They had taken on more than they could cope with.
They had tears in their eyes.
They had tears on their eyes.
They had the Porshe wrapped in red.
They had the absolute majority on this one.
They had the best life.
They had the car fixed.
They had the chance to express their opinion.
They had the house blessed and cleansed.
They had the house blessed.
They had the majority in Parliament.
They had the place to themselves.
They had the right spirit.
They had the right to defend themselves.
They had the same friends.
They had the same last name.
They had the time of their life.
They had the whole house to themselves.
They had the whole place to themselves.
They had the whole room to themselves.
They had the work finished.
They had their T-shirts on inside out.
They had their arms around each other.
They had their cameras stolen.
They had their children paint the garage.
They had their eyes checked last week.
They had their fortunes told.
They had their hair cut yesterday.
They had their hair dyed black.
They had their hands cuffed behind them.
They had their house painted white.
They had their houses destroyed by a strong earthquake.
They had their houses painted white.
They had their kids paint the garage.
They had their marriage registered on February 5.
They had their palms read.
They had their piano tuned.
They had their pianos tuned.
They had their picture taken.
They had their pictures taken.
They had their reasons for doing that.
They had their sweaters on inside out.
They had their wisdom teeth removed.
They had their wisdom teeth taken out.
They had things they needed to do.
They had three people with them.
They had three sons, all of them young, and such brave fellows that no pen could describe them.
They had three sons.
They had time to thumb through some comics before the store closed.
They had to abandon their vehicles in the snow.
They had to admit that they were wrong.
They had to admit they were wrong.
They had to assign Tom's work to someone else.
They had to attend business meetings almsot every other day.
They had to be turned away from the theater.
They had to build a forest of scaffolding.
They had to build bridges over the many streams.
They had to build hundreds of miles of ramps and bridges.
They had to buy their supplies in New York.
They had to call the firefighters to put out the flames.
They had to call the police to restore order.
They had to cancel the trip.
They had to cancel their trip.
They had to cancel their trips.
They had to change their plan.
They had to change their plans.
They had to change their schedule because the train arrived late.
They had to clean out the goods in stock within the year.
They had to climb a wall six feet high.
They had to compromise during the trip.
They had to convince him to follow them.
They had to dig for days.
They had to dig up the septic tank.
They had to do everything themselves.
They had to do that by themselves.
They had to elope somehow.
They had to endure a hard life.
They had to endure great hardship during the war.
They had to explain it to Tom three times before he understood it.
They had to fight for their lives.
They had to find a new route because of the pirates.
They had to find the strongest candidate possible.
They had to fire 300 men at the factory.
They had to get some homework done.
They had to go by themselves.
They had to go themselves.
They had to go there by themselves.
They had to go to the hospital.
They had to go to the store.
They had to have their legs amputated.
They had to hurry.
They had to jettison the cargo.
They had to leave at once to catch the train.
They had to leave their dog at home.
They had to leave their dogs at home.
They had to make everything themselves.
They had to meet Jacques.
They had to pass the tradition on to the next generation.
They had to pay their rent yesterday.
They had to promise to join the Roman Catholic Church.
They had to promise to obey the laws of Mexico.
They had to put Cookie to sleep.
They had to put that project on the backburner until financing was arranged.
They had to read the book many times.
They had to remove a bullet lodged near his spine.
They had to resign from their jobs.
They had to rewrite their essays.
They had to sell their car.
They had to sell their cars.
They had to sell their house.
They had to sell their houses.
They had to sleep in the cold.
They had to start from scratch.
They had to stay at home all day.
They had to stay home for a whole day.
They had to stay home.
They had to stay in the hospital.
They had to stop to catch their breaths.
They had to strive against natural calamities for ages.
They had to submit to the superior force of the enemy.
They had to take care of Mary.
They had to take their mother to the hospital.
They had to take turns pushing the car.
They had to travel on a bus.
They had to traverse an uncharted mountain range.
They had to wait two years to get the flat.
They had to work all year round.
They had trouble finding the place.
They had trouble finding their keys.
They had trouble reaching the island.
They had trouble starting the computer.
They had trouble understanding each other.
They had two daughters, who became famous pianists.
They had two messages from their government.
They had us surrounded.
They had vertigo.
They had voted for action.
They had waited a long time to reunite with their family.
They had wanted to see him for a long time.
They had warned you several times and yet, you didn't listen.
They had weapons.
They had what they wanted.
They had wonderful lives.
They had worried looks on their faces.
They hadn't done much preparation.
They hadn't eaten since morning.
They hadn't gone very far when they met an old man.
They hadn't had anything to eat since breakfast.
They hadn't had rain for more than two months.
They hadn't prepared much.
They hadn't said anything but looked fixedly.
They hadn’t gone very far when they met an old man.
They handcuffed Tom.
They handcuffed her.
They handcuffed him.
They handed Anderson a short note.
They handed in their report.
They handed in their reports.
They handed out free earplugs at the gig.
They handed their keys to the valet.
They handle all the bills.
They handle things in an unusual manner.
They handled it well.
They handled snakes.
They handled that problem.
They handled themselves beautifully.
They handled this situation terribly.
They hang out together all the time.
They hanged themselves in jail.
They hanged themselves last night.
They happen to be right next door.
They happened to walk side by side.
They happily agreed.
They happily answered all the questions.
They harbor thoughts of taking revenge on you.
They hardly ever leave their rooms.
They hardly ever lose their tempers.
They hardly ever missed school.
They hardly ever talk about themselves.
They hardly ever use their phones.
They hardly have any time left.
They hardly knew each other.
They hardly paid any attention to Tom.
They hardly paused.
They hardly see Dad at home.
They harmed people.
They harmonize perfectly together.
They harvested flowers for a bouquet.
They harvested flowers from the field.
They hastened to execute the plan.
They hastily packed their suitcases.
They hate Algerians.
They hate Halloween.
They hate Islam.
They hate Sandra Bullock.
They hate Tom because he told them the truth.
They hate Tom.
They hate activists who speak fluent English.
They hate asparagus.
They hate certain ethnic groups; I hate all ethnic groups.
They hate civilization.
They hate commercials.
They hate cooking.
They hate each other from the bottoms of their hearts.
They hate each other's guts.
They hate each other.
They hate eating by themselves.
They hate everything we stand for.
They hate fishing.
They hate football.
They hate foreigners; I hate everybody.
They hate foreigners; I hate everyone.
They hate getting their feet wet.
They hate getting up early in the morning.
They hate her.
They hate him because he gives them a mountain of homework.
They hate him.
They hate horror films.
They hate insects.
They hate ivy.
They hate laws.
They hate me 'cause they ain't me!
They hate me as much as I hate them.
They hate me, as if I were the villain of the situation.
They hate me.
They hate opera.
They hate our guts.
They hate parties.
They hate raw onions.
They hate reptiles.
They hate scary movies.
They hate secrets.
They hate shrimps.
They hate spiders.
They hate teenagers.
They hate that show.
They hate that.
They hate the Algerian authority.
They hate the laws.
They hate the rules.
They hate their jobs.
They hate their parents.
They hate themselves.
They hate this idea, don't they?
They hate this, don't they?
They hate this.
They hate to get their feet wet.
They hate us.
They hate women.
They hate you.
They hate your freedoms.
They hated Nuja.
They hated Tom because he told them the truth.
They hated Tom.
They hated being here.
They hated commercials.
They hated each other.
They hated heights.
They hated her.
They hated him.
They hated staying after school.
They hated that life.
They hated that photo.
They hated the lunch.
They hated the others.
They hated their high school experience.
They hated their parents.
They hated themselves.
They hated you.
They haul heavy packages.
They hauled everything in large bags.
They have Berber class together.
They have English lessons three times a week.
They have German tomorrow.
They have Tom in custody.
They have Tom sedated.
They have YouTube.
They have a 10-acre property in Kabylie, Algeria.
They have a Berber keyboard on their phones.
They have a Swiss passport.
They have a basket full of apples.
They have a beautiful garden.
They have a beautiful house.
They have a bent nose, like the beak of a crow.
They have a better idea.
They have a big apartment.
They have a big brown dog.
They have a big lunch and a small dinner.
They have a black dog, don't they?
They have a bloody nose.
They have a brown cat.
They have a buyer for their house.
They have a car, don't they?
They have a chalet in the Alps.
They have a child there.
They have a childlike joy to them, I find it admirable.
They have a clear choice.
They have a club meeting after school.
They have a color television.
They have a common hobby.
They have a complete lack of respect for authority.
They have a contact center in Algeria.
They have a culture of their own.
They have a day off school tomorrow.
They have a degree in music education.
They have a degree of concern about their son's safety in the city.
They have a degree of concern about their son’s safety in the city.
They have a desire to be wealthy.
They have a dictionary.
They have a different opinion regarding your problem.
They have a dog from a dog pound.
They have a dream.
They have a fabulous view of the creek.
They have a factory in Algeria.
They have a family dispute.
They have a family.
They have a fixation on Tom.
They have a folding chair.
They have a fridge to fix.
They have a friend who will be able to perform a seance to summon spirits to tell us our future.
They have a funny way of walking.
They have a future together.
They have a girl band.
They have a good amount of money.
They have a good choice of earrings in this jewelry store.
They have a good reputation.
They have a good store of food in the house.
They have a good time.
They have a great manager.
They have a green carpet in the living room.
They have a growing population; therefore they need more and more food.
They have a half-hour break at noon.
They have a high-class hotel.
They have a higher level of Berber.
They have a horse.
They have a house.
They have a job to do.
They have a kid.
They have a king-sized bed.
They have a knack for deflecting blame.
They have a large apartment.
They have a large garden.
They have a large house.
They have a large stock of information.
They have a less selfish reason for trying it.
They have a little house in Kabylie.
They have a long drive ahead of them.
They have a long way to go.
They have a lot going for them.
They have a lot going on at the moment.
They have a lot in common.
They have a lot of books in their house.
They have a lot of children.
They have a lot of confidence in Tom's ability.
They have a lot of experience in computers.
They have a lot of missions today.
They have a lot of money.
They have a lot of potential.
They have a lot of talent.
They have a lot of them in Switzerland.
They have a lot on their minds.
They have a love-hate relationship.
They have a lower level of Berber.
They have a maverick disregard for fashion.
They have a meeting after school.
They have a menu.
They have a mutual friend.
They have a native English speaker in their company.
They have a nerdy fascination.
They have a newspaper.
They have a nice house.
They have a nice time there.
They have a paper to finish.
They have a perfect body.
They have a photoshoot planned for Friday.
They have a piglet as a pet.
They have a plan now.
They have a plan.
They have a plane ride in three hours.
They have a plane.
They have a poor memory.
They have a powerful military arsenal.
They have a presentation tomorrow.
They have a prickly pear-flavored drink.
They have a problem.
They have a product.
They have a pus-filled bump on their foot.
They have a question.
They have a religion but they don't have any god.
They have a reservation tonight.
They have a restaurant chain in Algeria.
They have a right to be upset.
They have a right to defend themselves.
They have a right to express themselves.
They have a right to know.
They have a right to their own opinions.
They have a right to their political beliefs.
They have a rock and roll band.
They have a rock band.
They have a round table in the living room.
They have a safe in their office.
They have a score to settle.
They have a secret knock.
They have a secret understanding between them.
They have a sense of honor.
They have a sense of humor.
They have a snout, or rostrum, that looks like a hedge-trimmer or a chainsaw.
They have a son, don't they?
They have a son.
They have a store in Algeria.
They have a strange affinity for each other.
They have a strict idea of time.
They have a strong program.
They have a subway in Rio now.
They have a talented producer.
They have a telephone next to their bed.
They have a ten-year-old son.
They have a tradition of hosting a Christmas celebration with people who do not have their family here. Everyone can bring something to eat or to drink.
They have a very good curriculum at that university.
They have a very involved system of bookkeeping here.
They have a very nice apartment.
They have a very nice veranda.
They have a very spacious dining room.
They have a very welcoming smile.
They have a warehouse in Kabylie.
They have a way with it.
They have a way with words.
They have a website.
They have a white horse.
They have a wood mill in Algeria.
They have a year left on their contracts.
They have accepted the current situation.
They have access to the library.
They have achieved a first step toward that goal by decoding the electrical activity in a region of the brain, called the superior temporal gyrus, that’s stimulated by hearing.
They have achieved big things.
They have achieved excellent results in different fields.
They have adapted to living with sanctions.
They have admitted their defeat.
They have affiliates in many countries and are trying to expand their reach. These are not opinions to be debated; these are facts to be dealt with.
They have agreed to come.
They have agreed to sort out their problem.
They have all been through wind tests.
They have all betrayed David.
They have all converted to Islam, a religion that doesn't have a caste system.
They have all disappeared.
They have all the answers.
They have all the best brands.
They have all the money they need.
They have all the time in the world.
They have already arrived on the battlefield.
They have already been alerted.
They have already been here several times.
They have already been informed.
They have already begun.
They have already closed.
They have already dug down four meters.
They have already finished that job.
They have already finished the work.
They have already gone to Algeria.
They have already killed the man who knew too much.
They have already left.
They have already proven it!
They have already reached the goal.
They have already read the today's newspaper.
They have already read the today's paper.
They have already started learning Berber.
They have already visited the United States.
They have also found that the same miscalculation was made in some other cases.
They have always been kind to people.
They have always been respectful of Muslims.
They have always been together, and according to his account he has been a very lonely man with only her as a companion, so that the thought of losing her was really terrible to him.
They have always looked up to Dad.
They have always loved each other.
They have always treated Walid like their son.
They have amassed a fortune.
They have amassed forty kilos of olives.
They have amused the children.
They have an A-frame house.
They have an agenda.
They have an amazing relationship.
They have an excellent reputation.
They have an excellent science program.
They have an extra bed.
They have an iguana.
They have an infectious disease.
They have an inherently violent culture.
They have an open marriage.
They have an open relationship.
They have an orange cat.
They have announced a multimillion dollar fish rescue plan to help avert an “ecological disaster.”
They have announced a new version of their operating system.
They have announced their engagement.
They have another plan.
They have arranged an interview for us with Idir.
They have arrested Tom.
They have arrived a bit late.
They have arrived.
They have asked us to do that for them.
They have asked us to help them.
They have asked yet.
They have assigned me a small room.
They have at least some Berber ancestry.
They have authority in Europe.
They have authorized the use of their name in this place because they believe, as the authors do, that the unity of the auxiliary-language movement depends on neither more nor less the unanimity in principle regarding the ultimate bases of the modern interlingua, for these bases are strong enough for the most complete freedom of choice in operational procedures to become beneficial rather than detrimental to the common cause.
They have bad eyesight.
They have balloons.
They have banned the use of plastic bags to carry groceries.
They have beautiful blue eyes.
They have become good friends.
They have become used to the cold.
They have been apart for so long.
They have been building the bridge for months. They have not finished building it yet.
They have been busy all month.
They have been busy.
They have been cheated of the best things that life has to offer.
They have been dating actors.
They have been dating actresses.
They have been dating since middle school.
They have been doing it for well over a century.
They have been evacuated to an American field hospital.
They have been friends for more than 20 years.
They have been good neighbors to this day.
They have been helped.
They have been helping each other for decades.
They have been here for an hour.
They have been here since 1989.
They have been hiding the truth from us for years.
They have been hurting us for long time.
They have been in Brazil for one year.
They have been in conflict for a long time.
They have been in my employ for five years.
They have been married for ages.
They have been married for decades.
They have been married for four years.
They have been married for ten years.
They have been married for twenty years.
They have been married for two years.
They have been married two years.
They have been on good terms with their neighbours.
They have been playing chess for five hours.
They have been preparing for this presentation for months.
They have been raised in the same house.
They have been reading an interesting book.
They have been sleeping all day long.
They have been sleeping on the couch recently.
They have been struck by lightning three times.
They have been taken from a dictionary.
They have been taking the piss out of them for a long time.
They have been to Sedduq.
They have been together for a long time.
They have been together four years.
They have been trained by satellite engineers on how to build rovers or mini-robots.
They have been transported to various hospitals.
They have been trying this routine since forever.
They have been tuning the organ all day.
They have been very nice to me.
They have been very polite with me.
They have been walking in the rain for what felt like forever.
They have been wanting to go to Hawaii.
They have been working on the new building.
They have been working on this project for several months, but they are still not satisfied with the result.
They have betrayed you.
They have big penises.
They have birthdays on the same day.
They have black hair.
They have blood on their hands.
They have blue eyes.
They have both come.
They have both failed to find the most serious problem that has ever faced our planet.
They have bought a house that faces south.
They have bought that shirt.
They have braces on their teeth.
They have branches all over the world, from Calcutta to New York City.
They have bread.
They have broad shoulders.
They have brought nothing new.
They have brought something new.
They have brown skin and black hair.
They have bruises on their faces.
They have but the shadow of freedom.
They have butter.
They have cars, don't they?
They have cast the movie.
They have cats.
They have caught the thief.
They have certainly benefited from the changes in the law.
They have changed a lot since secondary school.
They have charged me 30 pounds for the shoes.
They have charging robots at this gas station.
They have cherished the child as their own.
They have chickens and dogs everywhere.
They have children only so they can mooch off welfare.
They have children.
They have chips on their shoulder.
They have chosen his poems.
They have climbed the highest mountains and walked on the floor of the seas.
They have closed the beach.
They have come down with a hepatic disorder.
They have come to inform me.
They have come to their senses.
They have come.
They have company.
They have confirmed your order.
They have contracted a liver disease.
They have conveniently idiotized the people.
They have cooperated with this supplier before.
They have corrected it now.
They have decided to demolish the building.
They have decided to put aside old wounds.
They have decided to stick to the original plan after all.
They have declared war on us.
They have declined.
They have decorated the hall.
They have deleted it.
They have demanded that all copies of the book be destroyed.
They have developed a privacy policy that covers how they collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information.
They have developed sophisticated computers.
They have devised a cure for this illness.
They have different kinds of towels.
They have different priorities.
They have differing opinions.
They have diplomatic ties with Algeria.
They have disappeared.
They have disgraced themselves.
They have dogs and horses.
They have done a good deed.
They have done away with uniforms at that school.
They have done it.
They have done this.
They have drunk two bottles of wine.
They have earplugs.
They have eaten caviar.
They have eaten.
They have eighty dollars.
They have elected a new government.
They have eliminated all imperfections.
They have enhanced security checks and are prepared for the worst.
They have enough capital to build a second factory.
They have enough capital to establish another factory.
They have enough capital to put up another factory.
They have enough help.
They have enough money for their bills.
They have enough money.
They have enough oxygen reserves to return to Earth.
They have enough time.
They have escaped.
They have established a new government.
They have established an Air Force Joint Command where the manager and chief of staff come respectively from the Navy and the Army.
They have even slept together.
They have everything that they need.
They have everything that they want.
They have everything they need.
They have everything they want.
They have everything under control.
They have exactly the same face.
They have experience.
They have explosives.
They have eyes and see nothing.
They have eyes but they do not see - ears, and they do not hear.
They have eyes, and they will not see.
They have faces painted purple and yellow.
They have failed.
They have fainted.
They have faith in fate.
They have faith in their future.
They have false feelings.
They have families to feed.
They have families.
They have fed the dog.
They have few books.
They have few earthquakes in England.
They have finally given in.
They have finally given up.
They have finished harvesting their olives.
They have finished their work.
They have finished.
They have five different kinds of horses on their farm.
They have five fingers on each hand.
They have five million followers on Instagram.
They have fixed to go to London.
They have fled Ukraine.
They have forgotten nothing.
They have forgotten you.
They have formed their own nationwide association, the American Association of Retired Persons.
They have found a new leader.
They have found several bodies.
They have found you.
They have four children: three boys and a girl.
They have four children: three girls and a boy.
They have four classes in the morning.
They have four orders.
They have friends who can help them.
They have friends.
They have full confidence in their leader.
They have fun every evening.
They have gained weight.
They have generally collapsed.
They have given an answer to every question.
They have given up hope.
They have gone before us into Tinzawatin.
They have gone crazy.
They have gone far away.
They have gone forward in pursuit.
They have gone to Europe.
They have good appetite this morning.
They have good eyesight.
They have good relations with neighbouring countries.
They have good voices, don't they?
They have got it.
They have got nothing to show.
They have got plans.
They have got so much money.
They have got to abide by the rules.
They have got to go straight to school.
They have got used to the cold.
They have got what they wanted.
They have gotten each an apple.
They have gotten lazy.
They have grandchildren.
They have grown so much!
They have growths on their arms.
They have guests.
They have had no rain in Africa for more than a month.
They have hatred among themselves.
They have heart disease.
They have her sedated.
They have hidden the things among their stuff.
They have him sedated.
They have honor.
They have hope.
They have hostages.
They have husky voices.
They have imitated his style in all areas except those that require special skill.
They have improved safeguards and they are now better prepared than before.
They have improved their results.
They have infiltrated our network.
They have information.
They have invested heavily in the ballistic missile program.
They have investigated the possibility of cooperation.
They have issues.
They have jobs.
They have just arrived at my home.
They have just arrived at the school.
They have just arrived.
They have just bought a new house.
They have just finished secondary school.
They have just found him.
They have just had sex.
They have just left.
They have just lost their jobs.
They have just moved to Kabylie.
They have just prepared the meal.
They have just started heating.
They have kids.
They have known each other since their childhood.
They have known her for a long time.
They have land.
They have large, expressive eyes.
They have laughed at me.
They have left here, perhaps for good.
They have left school now.
They have left the car on that street.
They have left their umbrellas on the bus.
They have left us.
They have legitimate gripes.
They have less rain in Egypt than in Japan.
They have little chance to practice it.
They have lived happily ever since.
They have lived happily since their marriage.
They have lived happily since they were married.
They have lived here for a long time.
They have lived here for ten years.
They have lived in Brazil for only five days.
They have lived in London for ten years.
They have lived in the same house for 20 years.
They have lived in this town for ten years.
They have located Tom.
They have lost 10 games in a row since their winning streak ended.
They have lost a lot.
They have lost any connection with the outside world.
They have lost everything.
They have lost the ideal of the Land of the Free. Freedom demands initiative, courage, the need to decide what life must mean to oneself. To them, that is terror.
They have lost their heads.
They have lost their minds.
They have lost touch.
They have lots of children.
They have lots of friends to help them.
They have lots of things they have to do.
They have lumps on their foreheads.
They have lunch at midday.
They have lunch at noon.
They have made a little paper plane.
They have made friends with their new neighbors across the street.
They have made numerous accusations.
They have made up their mind.
They have many different dishes to try.
They have many different fish to try.
They have many friends to help them.
They have many friends.
They have many problems of their own.
They have many questions.
They have many students.
They have meat.
They have met each other in Paris.
They have milk.
They have misgiven the information.
They have missed this.
They have mixed reactions.
They have monetary problems.
They have money.
They have monopolized the public opinion.
They have more money than they need.
They have more of them.
They have more years than me.
They have moths in their flat.
They have moved to other parts of Algeria or left the country altogether.
They have much rain all the year round.
They have much rain all year round.
They have much snow in Niigata.
They have multiple passports.
They have mutual respect.
They have nan.
They have nasty cuts on their legs.
They have needs.
They have neither cut nor chopped wood, but they are the first to warm up.
They have never been happy.
They have never been heard of since.
They have never been to Kabylie.
They have never been to Paris.
They have never been to school.
They have never done that by themselves.
They have never eaten out.
They have never even heard of the US.
They have never falled in love.
They have never forgotten to send a birthday present to their mother.
They have never forgotten to send their mom a birthday present.
They have never forgotten to send their mother a birthday present.
They have never let you down.
They have never met before.
They have never spoken about it.
They have never used a dishwasher.
They have never visited Russia.
They have nightmares.
They have ninety dollars.
They have no Muslim chaplains there.
They have no affection for her.
They have no affection for him.
They have no arguments left, which is why they try to steal elections and lie constantly.
They have no bicycle.
They have no brothers.
They have no children of their own.
They have no children, as far as I know.
They have no children, for all I know.
They have no children, to the best of my knowledge.
They have no choice but to punt.
They have no choice.
They have no claim to the property.
They have no computer.
They have no confidence in themselves.
They have no conscience.
They have no credibility.
They have no deep convictions.
They have no desire to live.
They have no empathy.
They have no faults.
They have no fixed abode.
They have no great love for us.
They have no honor.
They have no honour.
They have no house to live in at all.
They have no house to live in.
They have no idea how lucky they are.
They have no idea how uncomfortable these shoes are.
They have no idea what I intend to do.
They have no idea what our problems are.
They have no idea what they're doing.
They have no idea what's going on.
They have no idea, do they?
They have no idea.
They have no imagination.
They have no impact on the environment.
They have no jobs.
They have no kids of their own.
They have no manners.
They have no medicines.
They have no money for a new car.
They have no money in their pockets.
They have no money.
They have no moral authority.
They have no more wine.
They have no natural predators.
They have no one else they can rely on.
They have no one to advise them.
They have no one to blame but themselves.
They have no one to give them advice.
They have no one to help them.
They have no plans for their retirement.
They have no proof.
They have no queues.
They have no reason not to let you stay.
They have no reason to be angry.
They have no reason to be jealous.
They have no reason to go.
They have no respect for authority.
They have no right to be here at this time.
They have no right to be here.
They have no self-criticism.
They have no sense of honor.
They have no sense of sin.
They have no time for that.
They have no value.
They have no way to get out of this.
They have nobody else they can rely on.
They have nobody to advise them.
They have nobody to blame but themselves.
They have nobody to help them.
They have not approved my invoice.
They have not arrived at Tamriǧt.
They have not been able to make progress on the demarcation of the disputed border.
They have not been fair with her.
They have not been fair with me.
They have not been to school.
They have not brought something to eat.
They have not come to meet me.
They have not cut down any trees.
They have not found a cure for this desease yet.
They have not found me in school.
They have not got children.
They have not had a meeting.
They have not known each other yet.
They have not learnt that they must obey their superiors and respect them.
They have not less than ten children.
They have not lost anything.
They have not napped.
They have not said everything.
They have not seen each other for a long time.
They have not seen me for long time.
They have not woken up yet.
They have not yet acclimatised themselves.
They have not yet finished?
They have not yet heard of it.
They have nothing against it.
They have nothing in common with her.
They have nothing in common with him.
They have nothing in common with the older generation.
They have nothing in common with us.
They have nothing in common.
They have nothing left.
They have nothing to complain about.
They have nothing to do with each other.
They have nothing to do with the subject we are discussing.
They have nothing to do with what I'm doing.
They have nothing to eat.
They have nothing to lose.
They have nothing to offer.
They have nothing to say.
They have nothing to tell us.
They have nothing, the poor souls.
They have nothing.
They have nowhere else to go.
They have nowhere to go.
They have old construction equipment.
They have one child.
They have one hour.
They have one kid.
They have one thing in common.
They have one too.
They have one.
They have only become more mysterious.
They have only been married two months.
They have only enough funds to build the factory.
They have only one blanket.
They have only one option.
They have only themselves to blame.
They have options.
They have ordered one.
They have orders to return home.
They have organized a meeting for us with Idir.
They have other things on their minds.
They have owned this land for generations.
They have paralysis.
They have paved the on-ramp.
They have pens in their hands.
They have plans.
They have played chess since they were kids.
They have played heroines.
They have played us for absolute fools.
They have plenty of food.
They have plenty of grain in store.
They have plenty of money.
They have plenty of their own problems.
They have plenty of time.
They have plenty of water.
They have plenty.
They have pointed out that what is left of the hull and other key structural details are almost exactly those recorded for the Endeavour.
They have potatoes in France, but not in the Netherlands.
They have power in Europe.
They have practiced this custom for many years.
They have predicted that it will snow tomorrow.
They have prepared a reunion between us and Idir.
They have preserved the building.
They have priority.
They have problems with their backs.
They have problems.
They have proved themselves.
They have proven themselves.
They have provided the library with a large number of books.
They have psychic abilities.
They have put us in trouble.
They have questions about Islam.
They have reached a deadlock.
They have reached an impasse.
They have reached the point of no return.
They have really good food there.
They have reason to worry.
They have rejected a "conditional" five per cent salary increase offered by the government.
They have rejected a five percent “conditional” salary increment offered by the government.
They have returned, resting on the mountainside.
They have right of way.
They have rights, too.
They have rings.
They have room for a few more burgers.
They have run this small hotel since it was established.
They have safely landed in Algiers.
They have scarcely gone out since the baby was born.
They have scars all over their bodies.
They have scars on their arms.
They have scars on their cheeks.
They have scars on their faces.
They have scars on their foreheads.
They have scars on their legs.
They have scheduled a press conference.
They have scoured the whole desert in search of the hidden treasure.
They have seen better days.
They have seen it with their own eyes.
They have seen showers of rain but they have never seen any puddle or large water ponding.
They have sent some money to their parents.
They have several options.
They have sheep.
They have shown that they can't be trusted.
They have shown they can't be trusted.
They have signed an inter-agency code of conduct on this matter and have completed a mandatory training.
They have signed the peace treaty.
They have singing lessons at a school of music.
They have slept.
They have sold the television.
They have solved it.
They have solved the problem once and for all.
They have some Berber ancestry.
They have some Berber blood.
They have some beautiful pictures for sale.
They have some doubts.
They have some partial Berber ancestry.
They have some things they have to do.
They have something else on their minds.
They have something else to laugh about.
They have something in common with each other.
They have something in common.
They have something in their hands.
They have something that we don't have.
They have something they need to do.
They have something they want to say.
They have something to do with that.
They have something to do with the scandal.
They have sought after eternal youth.
They have spent all their money.
They have started high school.
They have started to get irritated.
They have stated their aim is to destroy linguistic diversity.
They have stayed friendly.
They have stolen everything.
They have stopped.
They have studied here for six months.
They have submitted their resignations.
They have sugar.
They have swarthy skin and black hair.
They have taken a bad way.
They have taken a taxi from the airport to our house.
They have taken away all the garbage.
They have taken great pains to finish the project, I hear.
They have taken her away.
They have taken her somewhere else.
They have taken it before I was able to enjoy it.
They have taken it somewhere else.
They have taken the form of sculptures.
They have taken the two brothers and filled Chang full of warm water and sugar and Eng full of whisky, and in twenty-five minutes it was not possible to tell which was the drunkest.
They have taken with them all what they needed.
They have talent.
They have tattoos on their arms.
They have tea at five.
They have that.
They have the Berber keyboard on their computers.
They have the advantage of a good education.
They have the best green curry.
They have the choice.
They have the exact same face.
They have the horse.
They have the key.
They have the most direct effect on people's lives.
They have the most direct effect on people’s lives.
They have the possibility to do it if they desire.
They have the power to convince people otherwise.
They have the power to damage them.
They have the right and power to act on their ideas.
They have the right to defend themselves.
They have the right to do so.
They have the right to respond.
They have the right to retaliate.
They have the rota.
They have the same address because they live together.
They have the same clothes.
They have the same habits.
They have their annual conference in May.
They have their arms in casts.
They have their children with them.
They have their hands full.
They have their kids with them.
They have their own apartment.
They have their own apartments.
They have their own bedroom.
They have their own bedrooms.
They have their own blog.
They have their own blogs.
They have their own business.
They have their own businesses.
They have their own culture.
They have their own demands.
They have their own lives to live.
They have their own problems.
They have their own restaurant.
They have their own troubles.
They have their own way of doing things.
They have their phone turned off.
They have their reasons for doing that.
They have their reasons.
They have their rights.
They have their whole lives ahead of them.
They have their work cut out for them.
They have their work.
They have thin lips.
They have things they need to do.
They have things they still have to do.
They have things they still need to do.
They have this app.
They have this thing in common.
They have three cars in their garage.
They have three children now.
They have three children, and none speaks English.
They have three children, including a set of twins.
They have three children, six grandchildren, and their first great-grandchild is due in the winter.
They have three children.
They have three children: two boys and one girl.
They have three children: two sons and a daughter.
They have three children: two sons and one daughter.
They have three double rooms left.
They have three older sisters.
They have three young children of their own.
They have three young children.
They have three young kids of their own.
They have time for everything.
They have time to spend with their families or to enjoy their hobbies.
They have to answer the question.
They have to be awake by 5:00 a.m. tomorrow.
They have to be cut into slices.
They have to be eliminated quickly.
They have to be free.
They have to be here by now.
They have to be stopped.
They have to be very careful.
They have to believe in themselves.
They have to brush their teeth.
They have to change their name.
They have to change their plan.
They have to change their plans.
They have to clean the room.
They have to come back.
They have to come here.
They have to come to France.
They have to come.
They have to deal with really rude customers.
They have to do it.
They have to do something.
They have to do that by themselves.
They have to drink water.
They have to eat every day.
They have to establish communications first, get radio techs out there and get repeater sites set up.
They have to figure out the cost.
They have to finish what they're doing.
They have to fix the pipe. It's clogged.
They have to fix the water pipe. It's clogged.
They have to get their stuff.
They have to go alone.
They have to go home immediately.
They have to go home straight away.
They have to go on stage in five minutes.
They have to go there at once.
They have to go to school.
They have to help.
They have to integrate into society.
They have to learn diplomatic protocol.
They have to leave.
They have to live on campus.
They have to live on his small income.
They have to lose.
They have to make a decision.
They have to make their own decisions.
They have to make up their own minds.
They have to memorize a lot of definitions for the test.
They have to pay for what they did.
They have to pay in advance.
They have to pay their own debts.
They have to pay their rent today.
They have to practice in a studio.
They have to protect their families.
They have to protect themselves.
They have to read the text.
They have to renew their passports.
They have to repair their car.
They have to solve conflicts among nations.
They have to speak Berber.
They have to speak French for their jobs.
They have to start doing that.
They have to stop that now.
They have to study hard for the math test.
They have to take a rest.
They have to take their medication.
They have to talk to the principal soon.
They have to think for themselves.
They have to travel a lot for their jobs.
They have to try and keep their love affair secret.
They have to use a secret weapon.
They have to wait for the bus.
They have to work by night.
They have to work nights.
They have too much debt at the moment.
They have too much ego and they lack honesty.
They have too much time on their hands.
They have treated her well.
They have trouble budgeting their time.
They have turned one of the mosques into a prison.
They have twelve children.
They have twin daughters.
They have twins.
They have two cassette decks.
They have two cats.
They have two children who were born in Sweden.
They have two children.
They have two children: a ten-year-old son and a five-year-old daughter.
They have two children: one of them is a Labrador Retriever and the other one is a Caucasian shepherd.
They have two daughters.
They have two dictionaries.
They have two dogs, a cat and ten chickens.
They have two dogs, a cat and ten hens.
They have two residences.
They have two sons and one daughter.
They have two sons, both twins.
They have two wonderful children.
They have us out-gunned, but we'll have the element of surprise.
They have us out-gunned, but we’ll have the element of surprise.
They have used language from the constitution to indict him and put him under the parameter of section 135 of the constitution disqualifying him contesting for office.
They have vanished.
They have varying degrees of Berber ancestry.
They have very complex social lives.
They have very deep convictions.
They have very limited information about Islam.
They have very little to live on.
They have veto power.
They have washed up.
They have watched TV serials this evening.
They have water.
They have weapons.
They have what they need.
They have what they want.
They have what to say.
They have wine.
They have won a victory over us.
They have won for the third year in a row.
They have won for the third year in succession.
They have won!
They have worked together for the last three years.
They have wronged him.
They have, among them, ruined our plan.
They have.
They haven't acclimatised themselves yet.
They haven't admitted that they did that yet.
They haven't admitted they did that yet.
They haven't already checked my application yet.
They haven't answered Tom's letter yet.
They haven't answered me yet.
They haven't appeared in two years.
They haven't arrived yet.
They haven't beaten us yet.
They haven't been able to find the keys.
They haven't been answering their phones.
They haven't been doing their homework.
They haven't been friends since that quarrel.
They haven't been in this situation yet.
They haven't been invited.
They haven't been married long.
They haven't been paying their rent.
They haven't been themselves lately.
They haven't been to Israel.
They haven't bought their tickets yet.
They haven't bought what they need yet.
They haven't called.
They haven't caught on yet.
They haven't changed despite my constant complaints.
They haven't changed their mind.
They haven't chopped any trees down.
They haven't cleaned their rooms yet.
They haven't come back home yet.
They haven't come back to work.
They haven't come back yet.
They haven't come home yet, have they?
They haven't come, have they?
They haven't contacted us yet.
They haven't cut any trees down.
They haven't cut down any trees.
They haven't decided yet.
They haven't determined yet whether the burglar came in through the front or back door.
They haven't discovered anything.
They haven't discovered the cause of the problem yet.
They haven't done anything wrong.
They haven't done anything.
They haven't done that again, have they?
They haven't done that yet, have they?
They haven't done that yet.
They haven't done the washing-up.
They haven't done their homework yet.
They haven't done their homework.
They haven't eaten anything today.
They haven't eaten anything.
They haven't eaten in days.
They haven't eaten olives.
They haven't eaten yet, have they?
They haven't eaten.
They haven't even fully woken up, and already they're drinking.
They haven't experienced this yet.
They haven't fallen.
They haven't felled any trees.
They haven't finished the work, have they?
They haven't finished their lunch yet.
They haven't finished their training.
They haven't fixed a date for their wedding yet.
They haven't found Tom yet.
They haven't found Tom's body.
They haven't found Tom.
They haven't found her.
They haven't found him.
They haven't given up at all.
They haven't given us any help yet.
They haven't given us anything.
They haven't got anything.
They haven't got much money with them.
They haven't got school tomorrow.
They haven't got what we need.
They haven't had sexual relations for months and a woman has needs.
They haven't had their dinner yet.
They haven't had their lunch yet.
They haven't heard from Tom.
They haven't heard from her.
They haven't heard from him in a long time.
They haven't heard from him.
They haven't heard the last of me.
They haven't hung their coats behind the door.
They haven't hurt me.
They haven't informed me about it yet.
They haven't informed me yet.
They haven't invited me - I came because I felt like it.
They haven't learned anything.
They haven't learnt their lesson.
They haven't left.
They haven't lost hope.
They haven't lost their confidence.
They haven't lost their fighting spirit.
They haven't made much progress.
They haven't made their schedule public.
They haven't made their schedules public.
They haven't made up their minds yet.
They haven't named their band yet.
They haven't noticed anything suspicious.
They haven't opened their books yet.
They haven't packed their suitcases yet.
They haven't paid me anything yet.
They haven't paid me much.
They haven't paid their rent yet.
They haven't paid their rent.
They haven't paid their taxes.
They haven't painted their house yet.
They haven't painted their houses yet.
They haven't picked up the garbage.
They haven't planted olive trees on the plot.
They haven't proven it.
They haven't replied to Tom's letter yet.
They haven't returned to Ait Ikhlef.
They haven't said what they might do.
They haven't said what they plan to do.
They haven't seen Tom for years, neither have I for that matter.
They haven't seen Tom since then.
They haven't seen each other since the divorce.
They haven't seen her since then.
They haven't seen her?
They haven't seen the basement yet.
They haven't seen the likes of it.
They haven't seen you since secondary school.
They haven't set a wedding date yet.
They haven't shown up for two years.
They haven't slept for forty-eight hours already.
They haven't slept for forty-eight hours.
They haven't sold their house yet.
They haven't sold their houses yet.
They haven't sown anything on their land.
They haven't spoken in twenty years.
They haven't spoken in two months.
They haven't stopped arguing since they went in there.
They haven't stopped working.
They haven't texted me back.
They haven't thought about that part.
They haven't told Tom yet.
They haven't told me anything yet.
They haven't told me who helped them.
They haven't told me why they did that.
They haven't told me yet whether I passed the test or not.
They haven't told me yet.
They haven't told us anything.
They haven't told us their opinions yet.
They haven't told us what they might do.
They haven't touched their food.
They haven't understood the question.
They haven't unpacked their trunks yet.
They haven't violated their contract.
They haven't violated their contracts.
They haven't washed their car in ages.
They haven't washed their car recently.
They haven't washed their cars in ages.
They haven't washed their cars recently.
They haven't won yet.
They haven't yet admitted that they did that.
They haven't yet admitted they did that.
They haven't yet answered Tom's letter.
They haven't yet bought their tickets.
They haven't yet bought what they need.
They haven't yet discovered what they were searching for.
They haven't yet done their homework.
They haven't yet had an appointment with this lawyer.
They haven't yet made up their minds.
They haven't yet released the menu for next week.
They haven't yet replied to Tom's letter.
They haven't yet resolved their problems, but at least they're discussing them.
They haven't yet sold their house.
They haven't yet sold their houses.
They haven’t arrived yet.
They haven’t come back home yet.
They haven’t finished the work, have they?
They haven’t fixed a date for their wedding yet.
They haven’t heard from him in a long time.
They haven’t seen a thing yet.
They haven’t yet ramped them up into production.
They head towards the exit.
They headbutted each other.
They headed back inside.
They headed back to their apartment.
They headed back to their apartments.
They headed down the hallway towards the master bedroom.
They headed down the stairs.
They headed downstairs.
They headed downtown.
They headed out there.
They headed out.
They headed to school.
They headed to the club.
They headed to the library.
They headed westward.
They healed him.
They heard Mom's screams.
They heard Tom.
They heard a baby crying in that house.
They heard a gun go off in the distance.
They heard a knock at the door.
They heard a loud splash behind them.
They heard a noise behind them.
They heard a noise.
They heard a speech written especially for them.
They heard a violent thunderclap.
They heard a voice behind them.
They heard coughing.
They heard crying.
They heard footsteps behind them.
They heard gunfire.
They heard gunshots in the distance.
They heard her crying.
They heard her.
They heard him come downstairs.
They heard him going down the stairs.
They heard him.
They heard it on the radio.
They heard it.
They heard jackals.
They heard muffled footsteps on the floor above. It must have been the neighbor who just arrived.
They heard noises from the audience.
They heard noises.
They heard screaming.
They heard somebody calling their names.
They heard somebody yell their names.
They heard someone calling their names.
They heard someone calling them.
They heard someone yell their names.
They heard something behind them.
They heard that a Seven-Headed Dragon was ravaging the neighbouring kingdom, and that the king had promised his daughter's hand to anyone that would free the land from this scourge.
They heard that.
They heard the dog barking.
They heard the donkey scream at night.
They heard the howl of coyotes.
They heard their call.
They heard their names being called.
They heard their phones ringing.
They heard with their natural ears but we hear, if we have an ear to hear what the Spirit says to the churches.
They heard wolves howling in the distance.
They heard you.
They heard.
They heated the food.
They heaved a sigh.
They held Tom for a few hours and then let him go free.
They held a congratulatory banquet.
They held a dinner for the new president.
They held a meeting at the mosque library.
They held a meeting at the mosque.
They held a party in honor of the famous scientist.
They held a protest march for freedom.
They held a special session on trade problems.
They held almost no power at the national level.
They held daily Berber classes.
They held each other by the hand, kissed the roses, and looked up into the blue sky, talking away all the time.
They held each other tight.
They held each other's hands and looked at the stars.
They held firm to their convictions.
They held hands in the street.
They held hands.
They held her in high esteem as their benefactor.
They held him for a few hours and then let him go free.
They held it against us.
They held it for us.
They held my hand.
They held off choosing Mike as captain.
They held out against all odds.
They held out their cups for refills.
They held out their glasses.
They held out their hands.
They held the door open.
They held the meeting here.
They held their breaths and waited.
They held their breaths for a moment.
They held their hands out.
They held their hands over their ears.
They held their hats in their hands.
They held their noses.
They held their sides with laughter at his joke.
They held themselves in high regard.
They held tight to the branch.
They held up their end of the bargain.
They held up their end of the deal.
They held up their hands.
They held up their right hands.
They held us accountable.
They help Mina.
They help anybody that asks them.
They help anybody who asks them.
They help anyone that asks them.
They help anyone who asks them.
They help each other grow.
They help each other.
They help keep the teeth clean.
They help me with all sorts of things.
They help others.
They help out any way they can.
They help people in need.
They help us out, and we help them out.
They help us.
They help whoever asks them for help.
They helped Nuja.
They helped Skura get ready.
They helped Tom.
They helped because they wanted to.
They helped each other do homework.
They helped each other with homework.
They helped each other.
They helped her assemble the furniture she bought.
They helped her carry the heavy bags up the stairs.
They helped her choose the perfect outfit for the special occasion.
They helped her clean up after the party.
They helped her draft a persuasive letter.
They helped her find a reputable plumber to fix her clogged drain.
They helped her find her lost keys.
They helped her fix the leaky faucet in her kitchen.
They helped her go to Canada.
They helped her move into her new apartment.
They helped her navigate through the crowded city streets.
They helped her negotiate a better price for the car she wanted to buy.
They helped her organize her cluttered workspace.
They helped her overcome her fear of public speaking.
They helped her plan a surprise party for her best friend.
They helped her practice her tennis serve.
They helped her prepare a delicious meal for her guests.
They helped her recover from a recent illness.
They helped her repair her broken bicycle.
They helped her study for the important exam.
They helped her understand the complex math problem.
They helped her.
They helped him get to Canada.
They helped him.
They helped me push my car all the way to the dealership.
They helped me, too.
They helped me.
They helped one another to make the school festival a success.
They helped one another with their homework.
They helped others.
They helped people.
They helped the girl.
They helped the poor.
They helped themselves to coffee.
They helped themselves to cookies.
They helped themselves to the medicine.
They helped themselves.
They helped us out when they could.
They helped us.
They helped you today, didn't they?
They helped you, didn't they?
They helped.
They herded the geese till evening and then went home.
They hesitantly agreed.
They hid behind the house.
They hid behind the tree.
They hid behind their car.
They hid behind their cars.
They hid escaped black slaves in the attic.
They hid in the bushes to avoid being picked up by the patrol.
They hid in the cellar.
They hid the money in their basement.
They hid the money in their basements.
They hid the money.
They hid the truth from her.
They hid the truth from him.
They hid the truth from us.
They hid their books behind their backs.
They hid their faces.
They hid their love from the abbess' watchful eye, and met in the library at night.
They hid their money.
They hid their weapons.
They hid their worries from their wives.
They hid themselves behinds trees.
They hid themselves from Tom.
They hid themselves in the closet.
They hid themselves in the shadows.
They hid themselves in their gabion.
They hid themselves under their beds.
They hid under the bed.
They hid under the blanket.
They hid under their beds.
They hid.
They hiked eagerly along the winding mountain trail.
They hiked for about five miles through forest and swamp.
They hiked through the jungle to reach a secret lagoon.
They hiked to the top of a volcano and saw the crater.
They hiked to the top of the mountain.
They hiked up through the ferns.
They hire prostitutes.
They hired Mina.
They hired Tom on the spot.
They hired Tom.
They hired a moving company to transport their belongings to their new home.
They hired a professional choreographer without consulting the director.
They hired a removal firm to transport their belongings to their new home.
They hired a teacher.
They hired a very experienced attorney.
They hired her.
They hired him.
They hired me to help them.
They hired me to kill your friend.
They hired me to paint their house.
They hired me to paint their houses.
They hired me.
They hired new employees.
They hired several new teachers.
They hired somebody to cook for them.
They hired somebody to train their dog.
They hired somebody to train their dogs.
They hired someone else for the job.
They hired someone else.
They hired someone to cook for them.
They hired someone to train their dog.
They hired someone to train their dogs.
They hired someone who speaks Berber.
They hired the ugly candidate.
They hired themselves assistants.
They hit Silya.
They hit each other.
They hit her on the head.
They hit him on the head.
They hit it off from the beginning and have been together for two decades now.
They hit it off immediately.
They hit it on the head.
They hit me all over.
They hit one of my side mirrors.
They hit the dog with a broom.
They hit the mark three times.
They hit the road towards the mountain.
They hit the target.
They hold a constant grudge against them.
They hold a general election every year.
They hold hands.
They hold me responsible for it.
They hold my fate in their hands.
They hold the same opinion on that subject.
They hold their heads high, undeterred by the storms of life.
They hold within them the quiet power of resilience.
They holed up in a room.
They honked their horns as they drove by.
They honked their horns.
They honored him as their leading statesman.
They honored me on my birthday.
They hooted at his suggestion.
They hope that a temperate response will prevent further violent incidents.
They hope that it is not expensive.
They hope that their team wins.
They hope that their train will arrive on time.
They hope that they can do that.
They hope that they can win.
They hope that they don't botch the job.
They hope that they won't be demoted.
They hope that they won't be deported.
They hope that they won't be disqualified.
They hope that they'll be able to do that.
They hope that they'll be able to win.
They hope that they'll win.
They hope that this time things will work out for you.
They hope their delivery truck will be repaired by the end of the week.
They hope they can do that.
They hope they can win.
They hope they don't botch the job.
They hope they won't be demoted.
They hope they won't be deported.
They hope they won't be disqualified.
They hope they'll be able to do that.
They hope they'll be able to win.
They hope they'll win.
They hope this time things will work out for you.
They hope to be able to find a well-paid job.
They hope to establish diplomatic ties with the United States.
They hope to increase food production by growing new varieties of rice.
They hoped for even better days to come.
They hoped that a few more days of solitary confinement would make the prisoner more pliant.
They hoped that their dreams would come true.
They hoped that they could do that.
They hoped that they could win.
They hoped that they wouldn't be captured.
They hoped that they wouldn't be too late.
They hoped that they'd be able to do that.
They hoped that they'd be able to win.
They hoped their dreams would come true.
They hoped they could do that.
They hoped they could recapture the fort.
They hoped they could win.
They hoped they would make a fast profit.
They hoped they wouldn't be captured.
They hoped they wouldn't be too late.
They hoped they'd be able to do that.
They hoped they'd be able to win.
They hoped to change their outlook and plans.
They hoped to make a quick buck.
They hoped to sell the stocks at even higher prices.
They hopped in their car and drove off.
They hopped in their car.
They hopped in their cars and drove off.
They hopped in their cars.
They hopped on their motorcycles.
They hopped onto the couch and started singing.
They host a small night-time music show.
They howled with laughter.
They huddled around the campfire.
They huddled close together to stay warm.
They huddled closely together around the campfire.
They huddled together.
They hugged David and he burst into tears.
They hugged Mary.
They hugged Mina.
They hugged Tom.
They hugged and kissed each other.
They hugged each other.
They hugged her.
They hugged him.
They hugged tearfully.
They hugged the dog.
They hugged the kids tight.
They hugged their dogs.
They hugged their teddy bears.
They hugged themselves.
They hugged tight.
They hugged us.
They hugged.
They hum poems in Kabyle.
They hung a swing on the branch.
They hung decorations from the branch.
They hung on his every word.
They hung out the flag for the Queen's visit.
They hung out the flag for the Queen’s visit.
They hung out the laundry.
They hung out with the kids all weekend.
They hung out with their friends.
They hung streamers from the ceiling in preparation for the party.
They hung their coats behind the door.
They hung their coats in the closet.
They hung their coats up in the closet.
They hung their diplomas on the wall.
They hung their heads in shame.
They hung their pictures on the wall.
They hung up the jackets behind the door.
They hung up the laundry.
They hung up their jackets.
They hunt with snares mostly, and they just grab everything, endangered, not endangered, and most of the animals die in these snares before they are even found so they are really death traps and it’s a total complete waste.
They hunted and hiked in the region for decades.
They hunted deer and foxes.
They hunted foxes.
They hurled abuse at one another.
They hurried across the street.
They hurried along the street.
They hurried away.
They hurried back into the house.
They hurried back to their offices.
They hurried back to their rooms.
They hurried by without a glance.
They hurried home.
They hurried inside before you can say Jack Robinson.
They hurried inside.
They hurried off to watch a football game, leaving their things all over the house.
They hurried off.
They hurried on.
They hurried out into the street.
They hurried out of the restaurant.
They hurried out of the room.
They hurried out.
They hurried over to Skura's house.
They hurried so they wouldn't be late.
They hurried to Tanezrouft.
They hurried to catch the train.
They hurried to make it on time.
They hurried to the hayfield below the barn where Matthew was coiling hay.
They hurried to the scene of the accident.
They hurried to the station.
They hurried to their father's rescue.
They hurried to their father’s rescue.
They hurriedly left.
They hurry up to Ath Bouzid.
They hurt Tom.
They hurt her.
They hurt him.
They hurt me.
They hurt their arms when they fell.
They hurt their elbows when they fell.
They hurt their knees.
They hurt their legs while playing football.
They hurt their legs.
They hurt their shoulders.
They hurt themselves doing that.
They hurt themselves this morning.
They hurt themselves trying to do that.
They hurt themselves trying to win.
They hurt themselves yesterday.
They hurt themselves.
They iced the cake with vanilla frosting.
They idealized Mina.
They identified him with God.
They identified one another.
They identified the risk factors.
They identified their shooter.
They identified two brain areas with sizes that are apparently associated with the ideas and political values of an individual.
They identify as Berber.
They identify methane, tropospheric ozone, hydrofluorocarbons and black carbon as pollutants that could be targeted, with technologies that already exist, to drastically cut their release. Quickly implementing that strategy could off-set warming temperatures by up to 50 percent by 2050, and reduce sea level rise by 22 to 42 percent by the end of the century. Delaying emission cuts would reduce the beneficial impact.
They idolise Tom.
They ignore him, make a lot of noise, and never clean the apartment.
They ignore me.
They ignore my advice.
They ignored Mina.
They ignored Tom.
They ignored diplomatic protocol.
They ignored her.
They ignored him.
They ignored me completely.
They ignored me.
They ignored the radio.
They imagine they're the only ones willing to work.
They imitated each other.
They immediately began arguing about many issues.
They immediately called Tom.
They immediately called the police.
They immediately came.
They immediately fell to work.
They immediately felt annoyed.
They immediately informed the police about it.
They immediately sent the sick person to the hospital.
They immediately surrounded John and asked him to show them his scar.
They immersed themselves in the magical world of fiction.
They immigrated from Algeria.
They implemented a communication policy so as to promote their new concept.
They import coffee from Brazil.
They importune their parents for money.
They imprisoned and subsequently force-fed the protesters in an attempt to belittle their hunger strike.
They imprisoned the elected mayor.
They inched forward.
They incited him to commit the crime.
They incited my son to bully this boy.
They included her in their group project.
They included her.
They increased in number.
They increased the territory of the empire.
They indeed are.
They induce uncertainty in muscle power, confusion in mind power, and imbecility in soul power.
They indulged in mahjong.
They infected you on purpose.
They infiltrated among themselves.
They informed me of their decision.
They informed me of their decisions.
They informed the two.
They infringe on our basic freedoms.
They inherit nothing.
They inherited their wealth.
They injured their backs playing tennis.
They injured their elbows when they fell.
They injured themselves at work today.
They injured themselves doing that.
They injured themselves this morning.
They injured themselves.
They innovate through collaboration.
They innovate together to create impact.
They inquired about his past experience.
They inquired of me about the matter.
They inquired.
They insist on equity in return for their investments.
They insist that daily exercise is an action that must be done.
They insist that he should go.
They insist that they're innocent.
They insist that they're telling the truth.
They insist they're innocent.
They insist they're telling the truth.
They insisted on my attending the meeting.
They insisted on my getting the work done by tomorrow.
They insisted on my going there.
They insisted on my helping them.
They insisted on my making use of the opportunity.
They insisted on my making use of this opportunity.
They insisted on my paying the money.
They insisted on the criminal being punished.
They insisted on their innocence.
They insisted that I help them.
They insisted that Tom be there.
They insisted that everything be ready ahead of time.
They insisted that they acted alone.
They insisted that they didn't do it.
They insisted that they didn't do that.
They insisted that they were right.
They insisted they acted alone.
They insisted they didn't do it.
They insisted they didn't do that.
They insisted they were innocent.
They insisted they wouldn't do that.
They inspected the cave.
They inspire each other to grow.
They inspire each other to reach their full potential.
They inspire others to believe in love.
They inspire pity.
They inspired us to pursue our dreams and never give up.
They installed a complex tackle structure to raise all the pieces to their respective nooks in the giant cathedral.
They installed a new door.
They installed a vending machine at work.
They installed acoustic tiles.
They installed him as chairman of the committee.
They insult people.
They insulted Mina.
They insulted each other.
They insulted him and his wife.
They insulted him.
They insulted the baby to ward off the evil eye.
They intend to attack.
They intend to drag the river for the missing person.
They intend to emigrate to New Zealand.
They intend to get married tomorrow.
They intend to increase food production by cultivating new kinds of rice.
They intend to join the two in marriage.
They intend to keep it that way.
They intend to kill themselves.
They intend to lead an insurrection.
They intend to marry tomorrow.
They intended to come themselves.
They intended to drill for oil.
They intended to increase the military budget.
They intended to kill themselves.
They interjected themselves again.
They interlocked hands.
They intermarried with Berbers.
They interpret ambient electronic music.
They interrupt each other.
They interrupted me.
They interrupted the meeting for lunch.
They interrupted us.
They intersect.
They interviewed presidents.
They introduced a bill in Congress.
They introduced a bloody terror against the best sons of the Malay people.
They introduced me to a guy called Tom.
They introduced me to their roommates.
They introduced themselves in French.
They introduced themselves to everyone.
They introduced themselves to me.
They intruded upon each other.
They invaded the country with tanks and guns.
They invaded the country.
They invented Berber, a non-existent language.
They invented a new material.
They invented a next-generation computer.
They investigate whether the fingerprints found on the door were the thief's.
They investigated.
They invite me to all their parties.
They invite us to their conferences.
They invited Tom, but they forgot to invite Mary as well.
They invited a few additional guests.
They invited friends over.
They invited her to go to the party.
They invited her to the party.
They invited me back again.
They invited me into the mosque.
They invited me to dinner.
They invited me to go out on the town with them.
They invited me to join them.
They invited me to play cards.
They invited me to the party, and among the guests there were a lot of soccer players.
They invited me to the party.
They invited me to the wedding reception, but not the ceremony.
They invited me to the wedding.
They invited me to their home.
They invited me to their party.
They invited some important clients.
They invited the kids inside.
They invited their friends over.
They invited their friends to dinner.
They invited them to dinner.
They invited us around for a meal.
They invited us to join their team for the upcoming competition.
They involuntarily committed Tom.
They involved her.
They ironed out their differences.
They ironed their clothes.
They irritated Mina.
They issued a statement saying that the rumors regarding their divorce were complete nonsense. And yet, there's no smoke without fire.
They jog each day.
They join the dancers.
They joined forces against him.
They joined forces and fought the enemy.
They joined in the temperance movement.
They joined school in the fourth grade.
They joined the effort to restore order after the natural disaster.
They joined the evil side.
They joined the infantry.
They joined the local school.
They joined the navy after finishing college.
They joined the party.
They joined us.
They joked ceaselessly.
They jostled one another to get out of an emergency exit.
They journeyed through deep space.
They journeyed to the outer planets.
They jumped and saved the little girl.
They jumped into the water one after another.
They jumped into the water.
They jumped me.
They jumped off.
They jumped on the bed.
They jumped on the opportunity to buy the house.
They jumped on their horses.
They jumped out of their seats.
They jumped rope.
They jumped the fence.
They jumped through a window into the river.
They jumped to conclusions too fast.
They jumped up from their chairs.
They jumped us.
They jumped.
They just admitted they made a mistake.
They just announced that on the radio.
They just announced their engagement.
They just applied for a job at a law firm.
They just arrived at my home.
They just arrived at their destination.
They just assumed I was in favour. No one stopped to ask what I actually thought about it.
They just beat us.
They just came home.
They just came in.
They just came out of their comas.
They just can't help themselves.
They just can't make up their minds.
They just cancel the show.
They just changed their minds again.
They just changed their minds.
They just cleaned their room.
They just couldn't grasp that.
They just couldn't help themselves.
They just cried.
They just did what they had to do.
They just did what they were told to do.
They just do it however they want at the construction site anyways.
They just do what they have to do.
They just do what they need to do.
They just do what they want to do.
They just do what they're asked to do.
They just do what they're told to do.
They just don't care.
They just don't get it.
They just don't make them like that anymore.
They just don't trust you.
They just don't understand.
They just don't want us going in there.
They just ended.
They just finished cleaning their rooms.
They just finished eating.
They just finished their coffee.
They just finished.
They just found them.
They just gave me a permanent contract.
They just gave up.
They just got back.
They just got here.
They just got married.
They just got their braces off.
They just got their driver's licenses.
They just got their learner's permits.
They just had a healthy baby boy.
They just had a very serious conversation.
They just had a word with the doctor.
They just had dinner.
They just had sex.
They just had that irresistible need to interract with people.
They just have immense faith in each other which makes their relationship perfect.
They just have not had the courage to simply say, 'Let us outlaw it.'
They just ignored me.
They just kept dying.
They just left, it began to rain.
They just left.
They just look different.
They just looked.
They just lost their jobs.
They just might do something unexpected.
They just missed the train.
They just missed their bus.
They just need love.
They just need the job to be done. It doesn't matter who does it.
They just need time.
They just need to do their jobs.
They just padded the report to make it look more impressive.
They just released a new CPU.
They just released a song today.
They just reorganized her division.
They just reported on the news that a vicious murderer is lying in wait at night for elderly women in the streets of London.
They just saw Tom.
They just saw her.
They just saw him.
They just shook their heads and laughed.
They just show up whenever they want to.
They just stared at Tom.
They just stared at her.
They just stared at him.
They just stayed in bed.
They just stood there and watched Tom die.
They just stood there.
They just stopped.
They just talk about what happened to them all the time.
They just taught me to swear.
They just told me that they loved me.
They just told me they loved me.
They just told me what they did.
They just told us that they got fired.
They just told us they got fired.
They just trashed him in the newspapers.
They just walked right in on us without even knocking on the door.
They just want a better life for themselves and their families.
They just want an excuse to fire you.
They just want change.
They just want jobs.
They just want someone they can blame.
They just want someone to blame.
They just want to eat the cake.
They just want to get their life back on track after all the recent difficulties.
They just want to get to know you.
They just want to have fun.
They just want to keep it for themselves.
They just want to make money. They don't care about anything else.
They just want to sell papers.
They just want to talk to Tom.
They just want to talk to her.
They just want to talk to him.
They just want to talk to you.
They just want to thrive.
They just wanted to ask me a few questions.
They just wanted to be left alone.
They just wanted to scare you.
They just wanted to silence Tom.
They just went past us.
They just went.
They just woke up.
They kayaked through mangroves and saw many exotic birds.
They keep a lot of animals in the zoo.
They keep an eye on each other.
They keep an iguana as a pet.
They keep arguing about water.
They keep calling.
They keep covering it up because they know people would have a problem with it.
They keep diaries.
They keep each other company.
They keep forgetting to pay the bills.
They keep harassing me.
They keep hope alive.
They keep it clean.
They keep it secret.
They keep lambs for meat in Arabia.
They keep lying.
They keep making that allegation.
They keep numbers of sheep.
They keep saying that they're innocent.
They keep saying they're innocent.
They keep stopping us from speaking.
They keep their bedroom doors locked.
They keep their car clean.
They keep their cars clean.
They keep their doors locked at night.
They keep their jewelry in the safe.
They keep their uniforms clean.
They keep things to themselves.
They keep to themselves.
They keep up their spirits by doing aerobics.
They kept Fadil in the hospital for months.
They kept Skura company.
They kept Skura informed about their whereabouts.
They kept Skura informed.
They kept Skura posted.
They kept Skura waiting.
They kept a lot of cash in their house.
They kept calling me Tom.
They kept calling me ‘Dad’ in class -- which drove me nuts -- but otherwise it was nice.
They kept checking their watches.
They kept climbing.
They kept contradicting themselves.
They kept crawling.
They kept drinking.
They kept fighting.
They kept flashing that light in my eyes.
They kept forgetting the password.
They kept going.
They kept guard by turns.
They kept hanging around.
They kept her waiting for more than an hour.
They kept her waiting for over an hour.
They kept him waiting outside for a long time.
They kept insisting.
They kept it secret that they were in love.
They kept it to themselves that the king was dead.
They kept it to themselves.
They kept looking.
They kept me waiting for an hour.
They kept me waiting for over half an hour.
They kept moving.
They kept on arguing.
They kept on feeling their way.
They kept on walking.
They kept playing.
They kept pushing.
They kept quiet so that they would not be found.
They kept quiet.
They kept ringing the doorbell and running away.
They kept running.
They kept silence.
They kept silent about their plans.
They kept silent for fear of offending her.
They kept silent.
They kept singing until a rescue team came.
They kept smiling.
They kept staring at that girl in complete awe.
They kept still.
They kept talking all the time.
They kept talking even though I asked them to stop.
They kept talking, and the boys comfortably kept listening.
They kept talking.
They kept that a secret until after the show.
They kept that thing quiet.
They kept the city quarantined.
They kept the ewe.
They kept the information about the military operations a secret.
They kept the kids away from the fun things they did.
They kept the law intentionally vague.
They kept the money.
They kept the park open to the public.
They kept the plan among themselves.
They kept their composure.
They kept their cool.
They kept their distance.
They kept their end of the bargain.
They kept their eyes closed.
They kept their eyes open.
They kept their eyes shut.
They kept their findings secret.
They kept their heads above water.
They kept their love a secret.
They kept their marriage a secret for a long time.
They kept their mouths shut.
They kept their opinion to themselves.
They kept their promise.
They kept their relationship a secret.
They kept their suspicions to themselves.
They kept their true identities secret.
They kept their underwear on.
They kept their word.
They kept themselves busy.
They kept twitching.
They kept us in the dark concerning their future plans.
They kept us waiting outside for a long time.
They kept using the enemies' arrows.
They kept walking.
They kept working hard at the farm for weeks.
They kicked Silya.
They kicked Tom out of the bar.
They kicked Tom out of the group.
They kicked him out of school.
They kicked him out of the disco without any explanation.
They kicked him out of the school for speaking Berber.
They kicked me off the plane.
They kicked me out.
They kicked off their shoes.
They kicked off their sneakers.
They kicked the door down.
They kicked the door shut behind them.
They kicked the snow off their boots.
They kicked us out of the bar at 2:30.
They kicked us out of the pub at 2.30.
They kicked us out of the pub at half past two.
They kicked us out of the pub at half two.
They kicked us out.
They kidnapped his son in his sleep.
They kidnapped me, drugged me, and then brainwashed me.
They kidnapped me, pumped me up with drugs, and then brainwashed me.
They kidnapped me.
They kill one another in the name of jihad.
They kill two birds with one stone.
They killed Kenny.
They killed Tom as an example to the other prisoners.
They killed Tom.
They killed a goat as a sacrifice to God.
They killed a goat as a sacrifice to the gods.
They killed each other.
They killed her.
They killed him.
They killed hundreds of innocent Muslims.
They killed innocent Muslims.
They killed me.
They killed more than three thousand sailors.
They killed my friend in a fight between neighborhood gangs.
They killed our cows.
They killed someone.
They killed the guards and freed the hostages.
They killed the rats with a bat.
They killed the she-goat as a sacrifice to God.
They killed the soldier.
They killed the spider.
They killed them.
They killed themselves in 2013.
They killed themselves last night.
They killed themselves last summer.
They killed themselves three months ago.
They killed themselves three nights ago.
They killed themselves three years ago.
They killed themselves yesterday.
They killed themselves.
They killed this goat as a sacrifice to God.
They killed three more hostages.
They killed time playing cards.
They kind of adopted me.
They kiss their child a hundred times a day.
They kissed again.
They kissed behind the barn.
They kissed each other goodbye.
They kissed each other goodnight.
They kissed each other more than once.
They kissed each other on Aid Day.
They kissed each other.
They kissed for a long time.
They kissed her right there, in front of everyone.
They kissed in the back of the car.
They kissed in the disco and nobody saw them.
They kissed in the rain.
They kissed inside the planetarium.
They kissed me on the cheek.
They kissed me.
They kissed on the Ferris wheel.
They kissed passionately.
They kissed right in front of my eyes.
They kissed slowly at first.
They kissed tenderly.
They kissed the baby.
They kissed their children goodbye.
They kissed their children goodnight.
They kissed their kids goodbye.
They kissed tremblingly and then they moved apart.
They kissed under the moonlight.
They kissed under the stars.
They kissed.
They knead the bread and roll the couscous.
They knelt and thanked God for sending them rain.
They knelt down and prayed that the war would end soon.
They knew I knew.
They knew Nuja.
They knew Skura was a ballet dancer.
They knew a lot of songs, too.
They knew about everything.
They knew about the hardship and loss.
They knew each other.
They knew everything.
They knew exactly how much of a risk they'd be taking.
They knew exactly what they had to do.
They knew exactly what they were doing.
They knew her.
They knew how Mina felt.
They knew how much danger they were in.
They knew how much danger they'd be in.
They knew how to make iron.
They knew how to unmask the prince pretender.
They knew it would be harsh, but nothing could have prepared them for the terror of the almost continuous assaults from northeasterly storms and westerly gales that hardly eased for half of their crossing.
They knew it.
They knew me.
They knew more than they told us.
They knew nothing of Dad's plan.
They knew nothing.
They knew right where they were going.
They knew teenagers very well.
They knew that Skura was lying.
They knew that Tom hated Mary.
They knew that doing their work cheerfully is the only way to make routine work bearable.
They knew that he did it but they couldn't prove it.
They knew that it was their duty to do that.
They knew that their plan wasn't very good.
They knew that there was no way they could win.
They knew that they could do it.
They knew that they could do that.
They knew that they could win.
They knew that they couldn't be replaced.
They knew that they couldn't do that.
They knew that they couldn't stay.
They knew that they couldn't win.
They knew that they didn't have to do that.
They knew that they didn't need to do that.
They knew that they had no choice but to do that.
They knew that they had no choice.
They knew that they had no time to spare.
They knew that they had nothing to lose.
They knew that they had to apologize.
They knew that they had to do something.
They knew that they had to do that.
They knew that they had to escape.
They knew that they had to hurry.
They knew that they had to leave.
They knew that they needed help.
They knew that they needed to do that.
They knew that they needed to leave town.
They knew that they ought to do that.
They knew that they ought to move.
They knew that they should do that.
They knew that they should study French.
They knew that they shouldn't do that.
They knew that they were being followed.
They knew that they were being lied to.
They knew that they were being unfair.
They knew that they were dying.
They knew that they were lost.
They knew that they were overweight.
They knew that they were right.
They knew that they were safe.
They knew that they wouldn't be arrested.
They knew that they wouldn't be expelled.
They knew that they wouldn't be fired.
They knew that they wouldn't be punished.
They knew that they wouldn't be replaced.
They knew that they wouldn't win.
They knew that they'd be late.
They knew that they'd be punished.
They knew that they'd been tricked.
They knew that they'd done something stupid.
They knew that they'd done something wrong.
They knew that they'd have to do that.
They knew that they'd have to wait.
They knew that they'd said too much.
They knew that they'd win.
They knew that this would happen.
They knew that what they did was wrong.
They knew the airport.
They knew the desert was unforgiving.
They knew the names of every leading actor and actress.
They knew the outlaws were close.
They knew the reason.
They knew the showdown was inevitable.
They knew there was no way they could win.
They knew they could count on Mary.
They knew they could do it.
They knew they could do that.
They knew they could win.
They knew they couldn't be replaced.
They knew they couldn't do that.
They knew they couldn't stay.
They knew they couldn't win.
They knew they didn't have to do that.
They knew they didn't need to do that.
They knew they had a problem.
They knew they had jobs to do.
They knew they had no choice but to do that.
They knew they had no choice.
They knew they had no time to spare.
They knew they had nothing to lose.
They knew they had to apologize.
They knew they had to do something.
They knew they had to do that.
They knew they had to escape.
They knew they had to hurry.
They knew they had to leave.
They knew they must fight together to defeat the common enemy.
They knew they needed help.
They knew they needed to do that.
They knew they needed to leave town.
They knew they ought to do that.
They knew they ought to move.
They knew they should do that.
They knew they should study French.
They knew they shouldn't do that.
They knew they were about to die.
They knew they were being followed.
They knew they were being insulted.
They knew they were being lied to.
They knew they were being photographed.
They knew they were being watched.
They knew they were cheating.
They knew they were going to be OK.
They knew they were going to die.
They knew they were going to win.
They knew they were in danger.
They knew they were in deep trouble.
They knew they were in serious trouble.
They knew they were in trouble.
They knew they were likely to be late.
They knew they were no longer needed.
They knew they were right.
They knew they were supposed to do that.
They knew they were under investigation.
They knew they were wrong.
They knew they wouldn't be arrested.
They knew they wouldn't be expelled.
They knew they wouldn't be fired.
They knew they wouldn't be punished.
They knew they wouldn't be replaced.
They knew they wouldn't win.
They knew they'd be late.
They knew they'd be punished.
They knew they'd been tricked.
They knew they'd done something stupid.
They knew they'd done something wrong.
They knew they'd have to do that.
They knew they'd have to wait.
They knew they'd just made a mistake.
They knew they'd said too much.
They knew they'd win.
They knew this only — one of them, that he had lost his peace of mind by a kiss, — the other that her suffering dated from a bath.
They knew this would mean disaster.
They knew to an inch where the rocket would land.
They knew very well what would come.
They knew we couldn't prove anything.
They knew well what was in store for them.
They knew what friendship is worth and cherished it like the apples of their eyes.
They knew what they did was wrong.
They knew what they had to do.
They knew what they needed to do.
They knew what they ought to do.
They knew what they wanted.
They knew what they were doing.
They knew what they were getting into.
They knew what they were going to do.
They knew what they were looking for.
They knew what they were supposed to do.
They knew where their car was.
They knew where their cars were.
They knew where they were.
They knew where they'd put their keys.
They knew where to find Tom.
They knew why nobody liked them.
They knocked down a part of the wall.
They knocked my books out of my hands.
They knocked on Mom's door.
They knocked on the door and said they had come to arrest him.
They knocked on the door.
They knocked the box to pieces.
They knocked thirty dollars off the price.
They know English.
They know I don't like them.
They know I know.
They know I lied to them.
They know I like them.
They know I talked to you.
They know I want to leave now.
They know I wanted to go with them.
They know I'm in love with you.
They know I'm older than them.
They know I'm older than they are.
They know I'm right.
They know Kabyle.
They know Mary's father.
They know Mary.
They know Mr. Bean.
They know Skura is a very good dancer.
They know Tom means business.
They know Tom.
They know U.S. history well.
They know about it.
They know about our situation.
They know about stuff like that.
They know about such things.
They know about that sort of stuff.
They know about that sort of thing.
They know about things like that.
They know about this, don't they?
They know all about us.
They know all that.
They know better.
They know enough.
They know everyone.
They know everything about Algeria.
They know everything is fraudulent.
They know everything.
They know exactly what they have to do.
They know exactly what they should do.
They know exactly what they're doing.
They know exactly what's going on.
They know guns.
They know her.
They know him.
They know how hell looks like.
They know how much I love them.
They know how much you love them.
They know how their dog was killed.
They know how their dogs were killed.
They know how to count.
They know how to defend themselves.
They know how to drive, but Tom doesn't.
They know how to fish.
They know how to handle themselves.
They know how to make an atomic bomb.
They know how to make garlic nuts.
They know how to party.
They know how to repair computers.
They know how to sing.
They know how to ski.
They know how to speak Kabyle.
They know how to start a phone.
They know how to swim.
They know how to win.
They know it's their call.
They know it.
They know life is hard.
They know many things.
They know me.
They know more than they're letting on.
They know most of the cops in the area.
They know my parents.
They know no mercy.
They know nothing about Istanbul.
They know nothing about Mary's family.
They know nothing about this.
They know nothing.
They know our plans.
They know precisely what they're doing.
They know something we don't.
They know something.
They know that Algeria is their ancestral home.
They know that I am a fearful person.
They know that I don't like them.
They know that I know.
They know that I lied to them.
They know that I like them a lot.
They know that I like them.
They know that I really like them.
They know that I talked to you.
They know that I want to leave now.
They know that I'm Muslim.
They know that I'm older than them.
They know that I'm older than they are.
They know that I'm wrong.
They know that Tom means business.
They know that it's their call.
They know that there are black squirrels in the park.
They know that there's no way they can win.
They know that they aren't welcome here.
They know that they can bulldoze their way out of the situation.
They know that they can count on us.
They know that they can do better.
They know that they can do that.
They know that they can trust me.
They know that they can trust us.
They know that they can trust you.
They know that they can win.
They know that they can't afford to fail.
They know that they can't be replaced.
They know that they can't trust you.
They know that they can't win.
They know that they cheated.
They know that they have a problem.
They know that they have no choice.
They know that they have to be patient.
They know that they have to be ready.
They know that they have to do it.
They know that they have to do something.
They know that they have to do that soon.
They know that they have to do that today.
They know that they have to do that.
They know that they have to keep working.
They know that they have to speak French.
They know that they have to study French.
They know that they made a mistake.
They know that they made the right choice.
They know that they messed up.
They know that they need help.
They know that they need to do that soon.
They know that they need to do that today.
They know that they need to do that.
They know that they need to study French.
They know that they ought to do that soon.
They know that they ought to do that today.
They know that they ought to do that.
They know that they should be studying.
They know that they should do that soon.
They know that they should do that today.
They know that they should do that.
They know that they should study French.
They know that they shouldn't be here.
They know that they shouldn't do that here.
They know that they shouldn't do that.
They know that they were wrong.
They know that they won't get in trouble.
They know that they'll be punished.
They know that they're being lied to.
They know that they're being watched.
They know that they're dying.
They know that they're going to be arrested.
They know that they're going to be fired.
They know that they're going to be punished.
They know that they're in real trouble now.
They know that they're in trouble now.
They know that they're in trouble.
They know that they're not going to win.
They know that they're partly to blame.
They know that they're right.
They know that they're running out of time.
They know that they're supposed to do that.
They know that they've been lied to.
They know that they've done something bad.
They know that they've done something wrong.
They know that they've got to do that today.
They know that they've got to keep working.
They know that they've said too much.
They know that we believe in them.
They know that we believe them.
They know that we trust them.
They know that you were the one who visited Tom the night before he was killed.
They know that's a lie.
They know that's the truth.
They know that, too.
They know that.
They know the adage.
They know the beautiful places in spring.
They know the difficulties.
They know the end is near, and they act decisively to save themselves from the inevitable chaos.
They know the future.
They know the importance of protecting the earth.
They know the police suspect them.
They know the routine.
They know the rules.
They know the situation better than we do.
They know the situation.
They know the system.
They know the truth.
They know the way to be happy.
They know the way.
They know their business.
They know their children need them.
They know their limitations.
They know their rights.
They know their stuff.
They know their way around a boat.
They know their way around the city.
They know there's no way they can win.
They know they aren't welcome here.
They know they can count on us.
They know they can do better.
They know they can do that.
They know they can trust me.
They know they can trust us.
They know they can trust you.
They know they can win.
They know they can't afford to fail.
They know they can't be replaced.
They know they can't trust you.
They know they can't win.
They know they cheated.
They know they have a choice to make.
They know they have a problem.
They know they have no choice.
They know they have to be patient.
They know they have to be ready.
They know they have to do it.
They know they have to do something.
They know they have to do that soon.
They know they have to do that today.
They know they have to do that.
They know they have to keep working.
They know they have to speak French.
They know they have to study French.
They know they made a mistake.
They know they made the right choice.
They know they messed up.
They know they need help.
They know they need to do that soon.
They know they need to do that today.
They know they need to do that.
They know they need to study French.
They know they ought to do that soon.
They know they ought to do that today.
They know they ought to do that.
They know they should be studying.
They know they should do that soon.
They know they should do that today.
They know they should do that.
They know they should study French.
They know they shouldn't be here.
They know they shouldn't do that here.
They know they shouldn't do that.
They know they shouldn't take that on the kids.
They know they were wrong.
They know they won't get in trouble.
They know they'll be punished.
They know they're being lied to.
They know they're being watched.
They know they're dying.
They know they're going to be arrested.
They know they're going to be fired.
They know they're going to be punished.
They know they're in real trouble now.
They know they're in trouble now.
They know they're in trouble.
They know they're not going to win.
They know they're partly to blame.
They know they're right.
They know they're running out of time.
They know they're supposed to do that.
They know they're terrible dancers.
They know they're wrong.
They know they've been lied to.
They know they've done something bad.
They know they've done something wrong.
They know they've got to do that today.
They know they've got to keep working.
They know they've lost.
They know they've said too much.
They know things these people want to know.
They know this app.
They know this.
They know too much.
They know us.
They know very little about Palestine.
They know very little about my life before I met them.
They know very well what I'm talking about.
They know very well who we are, and what we can do.
They know we believe in them.
They know we believe them.
They know we didn't do this for them.
They know we trust them.
They know we're cops.
They know we're friends.
They know we're here.
They know we're out here.
They know what "vitamin" means.
They know what I want.
They know what Tom wants.
They know what awaits them.
They know what happened.
They know what happens.
They know what they did made no sense, so they won't bother to explain it to the community.
They know what they did was a mistake.
They know what they did was wrong.
They know what they did wrong.
They know what they have done to me.
They know what they have to buy.
They know what they have to do.
They know what they have to say.
They know what they like.
They know what they need to buy.
They know what they need to do.
They know what they ought to do.
They know what they should do.
They know what they want to hear.
They know what they want to say.
They know what they want to see.
They know what they want.
They know what they're doing out there.
They know what they're getting into.
They know what they're going to do.
They know what they're looking for.
They know what they're supposed to do.
They know what they're up against.
They know what they've got to do.
They know what to do, don't they?
They know what to do.
They know what we did.
They know what you are.
They know what's going on.
They know what's happening.
They know where I am.
They know where I work.
They know where Tom is.
They know where he is.
They know where she is.
They know where they are.
They know where they belong.
They know where they can find me.
They know where we are.
They know where you are.
They know who I am.
They know who I mean.
They know who he is.
They know who it was.
They know who killed their dog.
They know who killed their dogs.
They know who she is.
They know who they are.
They know who we are.
They know who you are.
They know why I left.
They know why.
They know you eat people.
They know you were the one who visited Tom the night before he was killed.
They know you'll never forgive them.
They know you're right.
They know you.
They know your name.
They know.
They labored day after day.
They labored in the factories.
They labored like slaves.
They labored over the budget for the fiscal year 1997.
They laced up their boots.
They lack access to quality educational resources.
They lack an ideal, a reason to get up in the morning.
They lack common sense.
They lack confidence in themselves.
They lack conscience.
They lack courtesy.
They lack empathy.
They lack experience, don't they?
They lack nothing.
They lack remorse.
They lack self-confidence.
They lack transparency.
They lacked for nothing.
They lacked nothing.
They laid all their cards on the table.
They laid down a scheme for extracting salt from seawater.
They laid off many workers at that point.
They laid out a new highway.
They laid the carpet on the floor.
They laid the foundation of the house.
They laid their cards on the table.
They laid their rackets on the ground.
They lamented the death of their father.
They landed on Mars.
They landed on a nearby airbase.
They landed on a safe beach.
They landed on an island safely yesterday.
They landed on the dark side of the moon.
They landed.
They largely still speak Berber in this area.
They largely still speak Berber.
They largely still speak their original language, Berber.
They later died from their injuries.
They laugh and, moreover, uproariously.
They laugh and, moreover, with an open throat.
They laugh at him behind his back.
They laugh at me, not with me.
They laugh at me.
They laugh at their own jokes.
They laugh more and more, they all refuse to stop.
They laughed again.
They laughed all the way to the bank.
They laughed and I cried.
They laughed and cried at the same time.
They laughed and laughed, and laughed again—laughed till they ached—laughed till they cried.
They laughed and played in the rain.
They laughed at Tom.
They laughed at her mistake.
They laughed at him.
They laughed at his mistake.
They laughed at me.
They laughed at my idea.
They laughed at the affectations in his speech.
They laughed at the photograph of my boyhood.
They laughed at their mistake.
They laughed at their own jokes.
They laughed at them.
They laughed at themselves.
They laughed at us.
They laughed at you.
They laughed away my worries.
They laughed constantly.
They laughed heartily at the comedian's jokes.
They laughed like two happy children.
They laughed loudly at the café.
They laughed loudly.
They laughed merrily.
They laughed over their silly misunderstanding.
They laughed quietly.
They laughed the speaker down.
They laughed their heads off.
They laughed themselves silly.
They laughed when I arrived.
They laughed.
They launched a dawah organization in the UK.
They launched a new mission.
They launched a rocket.
They launched a series of major economic programs.
They lay down their weapons and throw themselves upon the mercy of our generals.
They lay down together in the green grass.
They lay down.
They lay on the lawn.
They lay still with their eyes closed.
They leaned against the door.
They leaned against the tree.
They leaned back and closed their eyes.
They leaned forward in their chairs.
They leaned out of the window to watch the parade.
They leant forward.
They leant out of the window to watch the parade.
They leant over a drystone wall.
They leant over the drystone wall and looked across the dale.
They leant over the drystone wall and looked across the valley.
They learn Berber every day.
They learn from birth until death.
They learn from each other's mistakes.
They learn in the classroom about the butterfly’s need for certain plants. They learn scientific words for the stages of a butterfly’s life.
They learn many things at school.
They learn new vocabulary every day.
They learn new words every day.
They learn quickly.
They learn to do without being taught.
They learned Berber at school.
They learned all there was to know about it.
They learned from their mistakes.
They learned how to get along.
They learned it from Tom.
They learned nothing at school.
They learned their lesson.
They learned to dive when they were five.
They learned to speak Berber.
They learned.
They learnt from the best.
They learnt it from Tom.
They learnt some Berber.
They learnt that dance.
They learnt to play guitar.
They learnt to ride horses.
They leave early and go home late.
They leave the back door of the mosque unlocked.
They leave the boats unguarded.
They leave the nest around spring.
They leave their TV on all day.
They leave their TVs on all day.
They leave their books.
They leave their radio on all day.
They leave their radios on all day.
They leave tomorrow.
They leave you, not so dark as the waiting house, not so surely promised to eternity as that which every night becomes the climbing stars.
They leave.
They led a happy life on their farm.
They led full lives.
They led me to believe that there was no danger.
They led me up the garden path.
They left Algeria.
They left Algiers at four o'clock.
They left Algiers.
They left Earth for Mars.
They left Islam.
They left Linda there.
They left Mom speechless.
They left Silya.
They left Tom behind.
They left Tom hopeful.
They left Tom there without help and ran away.
They left Tom to it.
They left active duty last month, but they're still in the reserves.
They left after they finished lunch.
They left an hour ago.
They left as soon as they could.
They left at 5 o'clock, so they ought to be home by 6.
They left at 5 o’clock, so they ought to be home by 6.
They left at daybreak from the base of the mountain.
They left at noon.
They left at what time?
They left because they were sick.
They left before the end of the film.
They left before the end of the movie.
They left before the end of the performance.
They left before the film ended.
They left before we arrived.
They left behind hundreds of wounded men.
They left behind more than 2,000 dead and wounded.
They left by themselves.
They left by train.
They left by way of the window.
They left earlier.
They left early to catch the first train.
They left early.
They left everything here.
They left for Europe by air.
They left for Italy.
They left for New York.
They left for home.
They left for practice.
They left for the costume party.
They left her alone.
They left her behind.
They left him alone in the ghost house.
They left him behind.
They left him for dead.
They left him unable to walk.
They left home when they were eighteen.
They left home.
They left immediately.
They left in a hurry.
They left it to me to decide on a gift.
They left it under the table.
They left last night.
They left me alone.
They left me in charge.
They left me there alone with Tom.
They left more than an hour ago.
They left no stone unturned.
They left nothing for me.
They left on their own.
They left one after another.
They left over an hour ago.
They left quietly.
They left right at five, so they should be home by six.
They left school aged 16 with no qualifications.
They left school when they were sixteen.
They left school.
They left some food on their plates.
They left that for us.
They left the building at about 6 p.m.
They left the cafe.
They left the café together.
They left the camp early in the morning, arriving in the town before noon.
They left the car in this street.
They left the city.
They left the dishes dirty.
They left the door ajar.
They left the farm.
They left the group.
They left the house after the fire.
They left the house in a haze.
They left the house quickly.
They left the house silently.
They left the house the next day.
They left the house.
They left the keys on the table.
They left the kitchen.
They left the mall.
They left the movie early.
They left the party early.
They left the problem unsolved.
They left the room one by one.
They left the room wordlessly.
They left the room.
They left the show.
They left the situation unsettled.
They left the store.
They left the studio, feeling defeated and humiliated.
They left the town an hour ago.
They left the window open.
They left their bags on the train.
They left their beds unmade.
They left their car unlocked.
They left their cars unlocked.
They left their children alone at home.
They left their children at home.
They left their children in Algeria.
They left their coats downstairs.
They left their country.
They left their dog at home.
They left their dog outside.
They left their dogs at home.
They left their dogs outside.
They left their gear on the beach.
They left their hats in my room.
They left their hats on the table.
They left their horses behind and ventured into the mountains.
They left their house before dawn.
They left their house quickly.
They left their houses before dawn.
They left their husbands.
They left their jackets in their car.
They left their jackets in their cars.
They left their keys on the table.
They left their keys with me.
They left their kids at home.
They left their laptops at home.
They left their office in a hurry.
They left their passports at home.
They left their phones at home.
They left their phones in their car.
They left their phones in their cars.
They left their sunglasses in their car.
They left their sunglasses in their cars.
They left their tickets at home.
They left their trumpets at school.
They left their umbrellas at our place.
They left their umbrellas at school.
They left their umbrellas behind.
They left their umbrellas in my car.
They left their umbrellas in their car.
They left their umbrellas on the bus.
They left their umbrellas on the train.
They left their windows unlocked.
They left their wives.
They left them behind.
They left there the day before yesterday.
They left this.
They left through the door.
They left to clear their minds.
They left to distract themselves.
They left together.
They left town.
They left us with no choice.
They left very early in the morning.
They left with the security guards.
They left without me.
They left without paying.
They left without saying a word.
They left without saying goodbye.
They left without telling me.
They left yesterday and will be back next week.
They left.
They lent Rima their computer.
They lent it to me.
They lent me their car.
They lent their car to me.
They lent their house for the summer.
They lent us some of their staff for a while.
They lent us their bicycles.
They let Skura in.
They let Skura swim.
They let Tom die.
They let Tom out.
They let down their brothers.
They let her marry him.
They let him do way too much.
They let him tell the story.
They let me borrow their car.
They let me choose a gift.
They let me do whatever I wanted.
They let me down.
They let me drive their car.
They let me go.
They let me have this for free.
They let me kiss them.
They let me know that they could do that.
They let me know that they couldn't do that.
They let me know that they needed to do that.
They let me know that they would do that.
They let me know that they wouldn't do that.
They let me know that they'd done that.
They let me know they could do that.
They let me know they couldn't do that.
They let me know they needed to do that.
They let me know they would do that.
They let me know they wouldn't do that.
They let me know they'd done that.
They let me leave the job early.
They let me pass first.
They let me pick a present.
They let me sing with their band.
They let me sit by them.
They let me sit next to them.
They let me stay with them.
They let out a sigh.
They let out a small chuckle.
They let the bird out of the cage.
They let the fire go out.
They let the giraffe go.
They let the leopard out of the cage.
They let the upstairs room to a student.
They let their dog loose in the yard.
They let their dogs loose in the yard.
They let their guard down.
They let them die.
They let them go from work.
They let themselves in with their own key.
They let themselves in with their own keys.
They let themselves loose.
They let us borrow their gloves.
They let us do what we wanted to do.
They let us enter the house.
They let us go.
They let us know that they could do that.
They let us know that they couldn't do that.
They let us know that they had arrived.
They let us know that they needed to do that.
They let us know that they would do that.
They let us know that they wouldn't do that.
They let us know they could do that.
They let us know they couldn't do that.
They let us know they had arrived.
They let us know they needed to do that.
They let us know they would do that.
They let us know they wouldn't do that.
They let you out, eh?
They liberalized the marijuana laws in some states.
They licked their plates clean.
They lie a lot.
They lie about Ziri every day.
They lie about Ziri.
They lie all the time.
They lie to us.
They lie.
They lied about how much they weighed.
They lied about how old they were.
They lied about taking the money.
They lied about the show being canceled.
They lied about their grades.
They lied about their job experience.
They lied about their weight.
They lied about what they'd been doing.
They lied about where they grew up.
They lied about where they'd been.
They lied about why they were fired.
They lied to Mina.
They lied to Tom, and he got furious.
They lied to her.
They lied to him.
They lied to me.
They lied to protect their families.
They lied to protect themselves.
They lied to us.
They lied to you, didn't they?
They lied to you.
They lied yesterday, they are lying today, and they will be lying tomorrow.
They lied.
They lifted her above their heads.
They lifted him carefully into the ambulance.
They lifted the rock by means of a lever.
They lifted their heads.
They lifted up their voices and wept again; then Orpah kissed her mother-in-law, but Ruth stayed with her. She said, "Behold, your sister-in-law has gone back to her people and to her god. Follow your sister-in-law."
They lightened his burden.
They lightened my burden.
They lightened our burden.
They lightened your burden.
They like English.
They like French.
They like Mary.
They like Muslims.
They like Tom.
They like Tsuneoki Ikeda.
They like all her posts and pictures.
They like all of their teachers.
They like all vegetables except cabbage.
They like apples.
They like attention.
They like beans.
They like coffee, don't they?
They like coffee.
They like complaining.
They like cooking, don't they?
They like dancing the waltz.
They like doing that by themselves.
They like doing things their own way.
They like drawing, don't they?
They like each other.
They like fishing, don't they?
They like football, don't they?
They like fruit.
They like girls.
They like going for walks.
They like hearing themselves talk.
They like her.
They like him.
They like hockey, don't they?
They like horses, don't they?
They like it that way.
They like it.
They like ivy.
They like jazz.
They like literature.
They like looking through all the family photos in the photo album.
They like making their wives happy.
They like me and I like them, too.
They like me more than they like you.
They like me.
They like meatballs.
They like most of their teachers.
They like music, don't they?
They like nobody and nobody likes them.
They like oranges, don't they?
They like pasta.
They like pizza.
They like playing in the snow.
They like provoking Tom.
They like ragtime, jazz and music with a swing to it.
They like reading English literature.
They like reggae, don't they?
They like riding their bicycles.
They like saying obscenities.
They like seafood.
They like sex.
They like snow.
They like soccer a lot.
They like sports, don't they?
They like stories.
They like taking walks by themselves.
They like talking about themselves.
They like that.
They like the Kabyle language.
They like the beautiful stars and moon.
They like the boy looking at them.
They like the café ambiance.
They like the extreme cold of Alaska.
They like the idea.
They like the rain and the snow.
They like the song.
They like their Kabyle language.
They like their beer really cold.
They like their coffee strong.
They like their coffee very strong.
They like their coffee without sugar.
They like their job.
They like their jobs a lot.
They like their life.
They like their new car.
They like their new cars.
They like their new jobs a lot.
They like their new jobs.
They like their school.
They like their teachers.
They like them.
They like this cat.
They like to be alone.
They like to chop wood.
They like to compare their country to the Roman Empire. However, the Romans wouldn't have been able to conquer the whole world, let alone destroy it. But those people are in the process of doing it.
They like to dance.
They like to do everything themselves.
They like to do that by themselves.
They like to do things by themselves.
They like to do things their own way.
They like to get together and drink.
They like to go fishing by themselves.
They like to hear themselves talk.
They like to hunt, don't they?
They like to keep things to themselves.
They like to keep to themselves.
They like to learn English.
They like to look back on old times.
They like to look out the window.
They like to manipulate, but their manipulations don't have desired results.
They like to observe birds.
They like to pair wine with cheese.
They like to play in the snow.
They like to play on the swings in the park.
They like to play with their dogs.
They like to pray standing up in synagogues.
They like to read books.
They like to remember old times.
They like to reminisce.
They like to ride their bicycles.
They like to sing, don't they?
They like to sing.
They like to sleep.
They like to stay informed.
They like to stroll in spring.
They like to swim, don't they?
They like to take their time.
They like to take walks by themselves.
They like to talk about things they did on the weekends.
They like to waltz.
They like to watch TV while they eat.
They like to watch television.
They like to wear bright colors.
They like tortoises.
They like us to come and stay with them.
They like using incense.
They like variety; they don't like to stay in just one place.
They like variety; they don’t like to stay in just one place.
They like waltzing.
They like watching planes take off.
They like watching television.
They like watching telly.
They like wearing bright colours.
They like wine.
They like you very much.
They like you.
They like your photos a lot.
They like your truck.
They liked Mary.
They liked Silya.
They liked Tom.
They liked big cars.
They liked biking.
They liked each other from the start.
They liked each other.
They liked everything they heard.
They liked having more space for their children to play.
They liked hearing the kids talk.
They liked him.
They liked his message.
They liked how you did it.
They liked how you did that.
They liked how you made it.
They liked it.
They liked large cars.
They liked pizza.
They liked that.
They liked the film a lot.
They liked the idea.
They liked the kids a lot.
They liked the video.
They liked their jobs.
They liked their old car.
They liked their old cars.
They liked this game.
They liked to argue about political issues.
They liked to play in the snow.
They liked what Jefferson said.
They liked what they saw.
They liked what they were doing.
They liked wine.
They limped.
They link Islam with terrorism.
They liquidated everything.
They listed the computer on Craigslist.
They listen to music daily.
They listened attentively so as not to miss a single word.
They listened carefully to Skura.
They listened carefully.
They listened intently.
They listened intently: a profound silence reigned throughout the house.
They listened to an audiobook.
They listened to him in disbelief.
They listened to him with disbelief.
They listened to smooth jazz.
They listened to that.
They listened to the President making a speech over the radio.
They listened to the bird’s soft call.
They listened to the classical music sometimes.
They listened to the conversation.
They listened to the lecture very attentively.
They listened to the teacher with their eyes shining.
They listened to what the president of Kabylia was saying.
They listened to you.
They listened.
They listens to the radio every chance he can.
They lit candles in their room.
They lit the candles.
They live a happy married life.
They live across the river.
They live all by themselves.
They live apart.
They live beyond their means.
They live by flesh.
They live close by the airport.
They live downstairs.
They live far away.
They live far from here.
They live far from the airport.
They live far from their high school.
They live from hand to mouth.
They live hand to mouth.
They live hard lives.
They live here all by themselves.
They live here.
They live in Abkhazia.
They live in Algiers's southern suburbs.
They live in Australia.
They live in Baghdad.
They live in Belfast.
They live in Burundi.
They live in Cairo.
They live in Crimea.
They live in Damascus.
They live in Debrecen.
They live in Germany.
They live in Helsinki, Finland.
They live in London.
They live in Malawi.
They live in Morocco.
They live in Moscow.
They live in Rome.
They live in Savoy.
They live in South America.
They live in Sri Lanka.
They live in Ukraine.
They live in a Muslim fishing village in southern Thailand.
They live in a beautiful area.
They live in a big house.
They live in a bilingual region.
They live in a caravan.
They live in a city close to Beijing.
They live in a commune.
They live in a cottage.
They live in a council flat.
They live in a council house.
They live in a flat.
They live in a good environment.
They live in a great house.
They live in a house close to ours.
They live in a house over there through the woods.
They live in a house.
They live in a huge house.
They live in a little house.
They live in a little village in England.
They live in a little, rustic house out in the woods.
They live in a log cabin.
They live in a maisonette.
They live in a mansion.
They live in a new house near the park.
They live in a predominantly Islamic society.
They live in a really beautiful apartment.
They live in a remote corner of Algeria.
They live in a rented house.
They live in a rundown tenement on 5th St.
They live in a small college town.
They live in a small house.
They live in a small place.
They live in a small town on the outskirts of Moscow.
They live in a small town.
They live in a small village in Kabylie, Algeria.
They live in a squat.
They live in a sunny house.
They live in a very beautiful house.
They live in a white house with a brick facade on the left at the end of the street.
They live in a world of fantasy.
They live in a wretched little house.
They live in an English hamlet.
They live in an aging country.
They live in an extremely remote place.
They live in an isolated house in Kabylie.
They live in another city.
They live in another country.
They live in caves.
They live in constant dread of floods.
They live in constant fear.
They live in deplorable conditions.
They live in different cities.
They live in different countries.
They live in our block.
They live in peace.
They live in poverty.
They live in rural poverty. Many work as rat catchers in farm fields.
They live in sheltered accommodation.
They live in social housing.
They live in temporary accommodation.
They live in tents.
They live in that house among the trees.
They live in that house in the middle of the grove.
They live in that house.
They live in the Algerian high plateaus.
They live in the Crimea.
They live in the United Kingdom.
They live in the United States.
They live in the country.
They live in the countryside.
They live in the dream world.
They live in the fashion world.
They live in the house opposite to ours.
They live in the jungle.
They live in the last house at the end of the road.
They live in the projects.
They live in the same house.
They live in the same state.
They live in the suburbs.
They live in the villages of the mountains.
They live in their newly restored mansion.
They live in these remote mountains of southern Algeria.
They live in this town.
They live in this village.
They live incognito.
They live just down the street.
They live like dogs because they are dogs.
They live like slaves.
They live miles from any help.
They live near Dnipro.
They live near Nuja's school.
They live near Nuja’s school.
They live near Rima's school.
They live near a busy road, but must be used to the noise by now.
They live near here, don't they?
They live near the Dnipro.
They live near the beach.
They live near the dike.
They live near the school.
They live near you, don't they?
They live nearby.
They live next door to us.
They live next door.
They live next to a library.
They live on Third Avenue.
They live on a barge.
They live on a cobblestone street.
They live on a houseboat.
They live on a self-sufficient farm.
They live on a small island off the coast of Greece.
They live on an extremely isolated island.
They live on an island.
They live on potatoes around here.
They live on the 12th floor of this condo.
They live on the banks of a swamp.
They live on the floor above.
They live on the floor below.
They live on the floor beneath.
They live on the other side of the river.
They live on the other side of the road.
They live on the other side of the street, opposite our house.
They live on the snow and ice of the Poles and in tropical jungles.
They live on their own.
They live one floor below me.
They live outside the city.
They live somewhere around here.
They live there.
They live together in Boston.
They live together in unity.
They live two flights up.
They live underground.
They live with their families.
They live with their parents.
They lived a couple of years in Spain.
They lived a happy life there.
They lived a happy life.
They lived a happy married life for sixty years.
They lived a very happy married life.
They lived alone.
They lived an ordinary life.
They lived as they wanted.
They lived beyond their means.
They lived for a time in Norway.
They lived for deeds of daring and plunder.
They lived happily ever after.
They lived happily ever afterward.
They lived here for thirty years.
They lived high on the hog for so long, and now they can't adjust to a simple life without luxuries.
They lived high on the hog for so long, and now they can’t adjust to a simple life without luxuries.
They lived in Algiers for more than a year.
They lived in Algiers.
They lived in Australia.
They lived in Boston.
They lived in Kabylie, Algeria.
They lived in Lebanon from 1988 to 1994.
They lived in Norway for a while.
They lived in Spain for several years.
They lived in a dilapidated house.
They lived in a haunted house.
They lived in a little clay house.
They lived in a run-down cabin.
They lived in a small mud house.
They lived in a very small house at the end of a long, gray street.
They lived in a village close to a forest.
They lived in an enormous mansion.
They lived in harmony with each other.
They lived in peace.
They lived in that house.
They lived in the countryside during the war.
They lived in the land of Cockaigne.
They lived long and had many children.
They lived near the ocean, at the top of a steep palisade.
They lived near the woods.
They lived on campus.
They lived on corn, potatoes, and the meat of animals.
They lived on farms or in small towns.
They lived on their own for years.
They lived there.
They lived together for two years before they got married.
They lived very well without working very hard.
They lived with Mina.
They lived with Mom in Atlanta.
They loaded the tank on the flatcar.
They loaded the truck.
They loaded the trucks with emergency supplies for the earthquake victims.
They loaned money to companies to build railroads.
They loathe each other.
They located an area to play in.
They located some wild foals.
They located the battery.
They locked Tom into the cellar so that he couldn't escape.
They locked Tom up.
They locked eyes and she freaked out.
They locked eyes for a brief moment.
They locked eyes.
They locked her up.
They locked me in this room.
They locked me up.
They locked the apartment.
They locked the door securely.
They locked the doors and windows.
They locked the entrance behind us.
They locked the flat.
They locked the gate.
They locked the guests in an escape room.
They locked the house and left.
They locked the house door.
They locked their car.
They locked their cars.
They locked their dog in the bathroom.
They locked their dogs in the bathroom.
They locked their door.
They locked their doors.
They locked their keys in the car.
They locked themselves in the closet.
They locked themselves in their bedroom.
They locked themselves in their bedrooms.
They locked themselves in their rooms.
They locked themselves out of their house.
They locked themselves out of their rooms.
They lodged by twos and threes in the cottage.
They logged his IP address.
They logged in.
They look American.
They look alike except for the color of their hair.
They look alike to me.
They look amazing.
They look as if they could do with a hand.
They look as if they have headaches.
They look as if they're angry.
They look as if they're drunk.
They look as if they're in pain.
They look at each other but they don't talk.
They look at each other.
They look at you with an evil eye.
They look bored.
They look busy today.
They look busy, don't they?
They look busy.
They look confused.
They look cool.
They look cute together.
They look devastated.
They look disgusting.
They look down on us as inexperienced young men.
They look exactly like Tom.
They look exactly like us.
They look excellent.
They look exhausted.
They look familiar.
They look for meaning in complexity.
They look for the shortest way.
They look for ways to improve constantly.
They look good in the dark.
They look good, don't they?
They look good.
They look great, don't they?
They look great.
They look half their age.
They look happy today.
They look happy.
They look healthier than they used to.
They look healthy.
They look horrified.
They look horrifying.
They look just like rats leaving a sinking ship.
They look just like sisters.
They look like a happy family.
They look like best friends.
They look like father and son.
They look like monsters there with their facelifts, their distressed clothing, and their Prozac eyes.
They look like originals.
They look like the three caravels to me.
They look like they always do.
They look like they are going to cry.
They look like they belong here.
They look like they don't feel well.
They look like they have headaches.
They look like they just got up.
They look like they might be sick.
They look like they might cry.
They look like they need a holiday.
They look like they need a vacation.
They look like they want to leave.
They look like they were stunned.
They look like they'd like to leave.
They look like they're OK.
They look like they're a bit tired.
They look like they're about to cry.
They look like they're about to faint.
They look like they're afraid.
They look like they're alone.
They look like they're amused.
They look like they're angry.
They look like they're annoyed.
They look like they're anxious.
They look like they're asleep.
They look like they're awake.
They look like they're bored.
They look like they're busy.
They look like they're certain.
They look like they're cold.
They look like they're committed.
They look like they're confident.
They look like they're confused.
They look like they're conscious.
They look like they're contented.
They look like they're curious.
They look like they're delighted.
They look like they're depressed.
They look like they're determined.
They look like they're disappointed.
They look like they're discontented.
They look like they're discouraged.
They look like they're disgusted.
They look like they're displeased.
They look like they're distracted.
They look like they're done.
They look like they're dubious.
They look like they're embarrassed.
They look like they're excited.
They look like they're exhausted.
They look like they're fine.
They look like they're finished.
They look like they're frantic.
They look like they're frightened.
They look like they're frustrated.
They look like they're furious.
They look like they're glad.
They look like they're going to cry.
They look like they're half asleep.
They look like they're happy.
They look like they're having fun.
They look like they're healthy.
They look like they're homeless.
They look like they're hot.
They look like they're hungry.
They look like they're hurt.
They look like they're impressed.
They look like they're in pain.
They look like they're interested.
They look like they're intoxicated.
They look like they're irritated.
They look like they're jealous.
They look like they're lonely.
They look like they're lost.
They look like they're mad.
They look like they're miserable.
They look like they're motivated.
They look like they're nervous.
They look like they're occupied.
They look like they're offended.
They look like they're pleased.
They look like they're poor.
They look like they're prepared.
They look like they're puzzled.
They look like they're ready to work.
They look like they're ready.
They look like they're relaxed.
They look like they're relieved.
They look like they're reluctant.
They look like they're rested.
They look like they're rich.
They look like they're sad.
They look like they're satisfied.
They look like they're scared.
They look like they're self-conscious.
They look like they're serious.
They look like they're shocked.
They look like they're sick.
They look like they're skeptical.
They look like they're sleeping.
They look like they're sleepy.
They look like they're sorry.
They look like they're starving.
They look like they're sure.
They look like they're suspicious.
They look like they're tense.
They look like they're terrified.
They look like they're thinking.
They look like they're through.
They look like they're tired.
They look like they're troubled.
They look like they're uncertain.
They look like they're uncomfortable.
They look like they're unconcerned.
They look like they're unconscious.
They look like they're unconvinced.
They look like they're unhurt.
They look like they're unimpressed.
They look like they're up to no good.
They look like they're upset.
They look like they're waiting for a bus.
They look like they're wealthy.
They look like they're well.
They look like they're worried.
They look like they've been crying.
They look like they've lost weight.
They look like twins.
They look like two peas in a pod.
They look like upperclassmen.
They look like us.
They look like you.
They look lovely.
They look mad to me.
They look magnificent.
They look older than they actually are.
They look older than they are.
They look older than they really are.
They look on Tom with adulation.
They look pleased with themselves.
They look pretty close.
They look pretty proud of themselves.
They look pretty.
They look put together at all times.
They look rather fake.
They look really hard to throw.
They look relieved.
They look sad.
They look similar in some ways.
They look sleepy, don't they?
They look smashing.
They look so cute together.
They look so happy.
They look so much like their mother.
They look so serious.
They look so similar that I don't know who is who.
They look surprised.
They look terrible.
They look the same apart from the colour of their hair.
They look tired, don't they?
They look tired.
They look totally different.
They look up to Mr Smith as a leader.
They look up to him as their benefactor.
They look up to him as their leader.
They look very busy.
They look very happy together.
They look very pleased with themselves.
They look very realistic.
They look very similar to me.
They look very tired.
They look worried.
They look young, don't they?
They look young.
They look younger than they really are.
They looked after the boy.
They looked after the boys.
They looked and tasted like shrimps, but I can assure you those were not real shrimps.
They looked around them.
They looked around.
They looked as if they were about to kiss.
They looked as if they were angry.
They looked as if they were sick.
They looked as if they would cry.
They looked at Mina.
They looked at Mom, smiling.
They looked at Rima's computer history.
They looked at Tom, but they didn't say anything.
They looked at a beautiful picture.
They looked at a beautiful tulip.
They looked at a picture.
They looked at a pretty rose.
They looked at each other and licked their lips in sync.
They looked at each other and smiled.
They looked at each other in surprise.
They looked at each other.
They looked at her and whispered to each other behind their quarterlies.
They looked at her.
They looked at him.
They looked at me and smiled.
They looked at me funny.
They looked at me in a strange way.
They looked at me somehow strangely.
They looked at the bed.
They looked at the blue lake.
They looked at the photo taken of me when I was a boy and laughed.
They looked at the picture.
They looked at the rubbish, then they looked at each other.
They looked at their cards and smiled.
They looked at their cards.
They looked at their dog.
They looked at their dogs.
They looked at their hands.
They looked at their notes.
They looked at their shoes.
They looked at themselves in the mirror.
They looked at us, as much as to say, "Poor creature."
They looked away from Tom.
They looked away from her.
They looked away from him.
They looked away.
They looked back.
They looked different.
They looked down at their dirty shoes.
They looked down at their feet.
They looked down at their hands.
They looked down at their plates.
They looked down at their shoes.
They looked down on him.
They looked effervescent in their costumes.
They looked everywhere for him, but couldn't find him anywhere.
They looked everywhere for him, but couldn’t find him anywhere.
They looked everywhere.
They looked exhausted.
They looked far and wide for the missing dog.
They looked for Mina.
They looked for a place to take shelter from the rain.
They looked for animal signs in the area.
They looked for him everywhere but didn't find him.
They looked for him everywhere but didn’t find him.
They looked for him.
They looked for new sea creatures.
They looked for their names on the list.
They looked for their pens.
They looked for them at Tawrirt At Menguellat.
They looked for you in Aït Hichem.
They looked for you in Sahel.
They looked for you in Tala Brahem.
They looked for you in Taourirt Amrane.
They looked for you in Tixeraine.
They looked forward to a time when they would no longer have to live from hand to mouth.
They looked forward to seeing each other.
They looked good today.
They looked good.
They looked happy.
They looked high and low, but couldn't find the ring.
They looked horrified.
They looked intently.
They looked into all the rooms; they were cold, bare, and empty.
They looked irritated.
They looked like genuine ones.
They looked like giant monsters.
They looked like they always do.
They looked like they always look.
They looked like they could've helped.
They looked like they had just stepped right out of a fairy tale.
They looked like they might cry.
They looked like they needed help.
They looked like they were OK.
They looked like they were about to cry.
They looked like they were about to kiss.
They looked like they were afraid.
They looked like they were alone.
They looked like they were amused.
They looked like they were angry.
They looked like they were annoyed.
They looked like they were anxious.
They looked like they were asleep.
They looked like they were astonished.
They looked like they were attentive.
They looked like they were awake.
They looked like they were baffled.
They looked like they were bored.
They looked like they were busy.
They looked like they were certain.
They looked like they were cold.
They looked like they were concerned.
They looked like they were confident.
They looked like they were confused.
They looked like they were contented.
They looked like they were curious.
They looked like they were dead.
They looked like they were delighted.
They looked like they were depressed.
They looked like they were desperate.
They looked like they were determined.
They looked like they were disappointed.
They looked like they were discouraged.
They looked like they were disgusted.
They looked like they were displeased.
They looked like they were distracted.
They looked like they were dizzy.
They looked like they were done.
They looked like they were drunk.
They looked like they were embarrassed.
They looked like they were excited.
They looked like they were exhausted.
They looked like they were fascinated.
They looked like they were fine.
They looked like they were finished.
They looked like they were frantic.
They looked like they were frightened.
They looked like they were frustrated.
They looked like they were furious.
They looked like they were glad.
They looked like they were going to cry.
They looked like they were guilty.
They looked like they were happy.
They looked like they were having fun.
They looked like they were healthy.
They looked like they were heartbroken.
They looked like they were hesitant.
They looked like they were homeless.
They looked like they were horrified.
They looked like they were hot.
They looked like they were hungry.
They looked like they were hurt.
They looked like they were impatient.
They looked like they were impressed.
They looked like they were in a hurry.
They looked like they were interested.
They looked like they were intoxicated.
They looked like they were irritated.
They looked like they were jealous.
They looked like they were lost.
They looked like they were mad.
They looked like they were miserable.
They looked like they were motivated.
They looked like they were nervous.
They looked like they were occupied.
They looked like they were offended.
They looked like they were overwhelmed.
They looked like they were plastered.
They looked like they were pleased.
They looked like they were prepared.
They looked like they were puzzled.
They looked like they were ready.
They looked like they were relaxed.
They looked like they were relieved.
They looked like they were reluctant.
They looked like they were rich.
They looked like they were sad.
They looked like they were satisfied.
They looked like they were scared.
They looked like they were serious.
They looked like they were shocked.
They looked like they were sick.
They looked like they were skeptical.
They looked like they were sleeping.
They looked like they were sleepy.
They looked like they were sorry.
They looked like they were stoned.
They looked like they were stranded.
They looked like they were stuck.
They looked like they were stunned.
They looked like they were sure.
They looked like they were surprised.
They looked like they were suspicious.
They looked like they were tense.
They looked like they were terrified.
They looked like they were tired.
They looked like they were trapped.
They looked like they were troubled.
They looked like they were unafraid.
They looked like they were uncertain.
They looked like they were unconcerned.
They looked like they were unconscious.
They looked like they were unconvinced.
They looked like they were unhappy.
They looked like they were unhurt.
They looked like they were unimpressed.
They looked like they were upset.
They looked like they were warm.
They looked like they were wet.
They looked like they were worried.
They looked like they weren't busy.
They looked like they weren't happy.
They looked like they weren't tired.
They looked like they'd been crying.
They looked like they'd been drinking.
They looked on her behavior as childish.
They looked on him as a great judge.
They looked on him as a great scholar.
They looked on him as an authority.
They looked on him as their leader.
They looked on me as their leader.
They looked on the writer as first-rate.
They looked on this success as most important.
They looked over their shoulders.
They looked really busy.
They looked really happy.
They looked really scared.
They looked relieved only when it was in motion.
They looked relieved.
They looked satisfied with the result.
They looked shocked.
They looked so happy together.
They looked so nice.
They looked strange.
They looked terrible.
They looked through their stuff.
They looked tired when they got home.
They looked tired.
They looked to their left.
They looked ugly.
They looked under their seats.
They looked up at the sky.
They looked up from their books.
They looked up from their notepads.
They looked up to John as their leader.
They looked up to him as their leader.
They looked up to their leader.
They looked up.
They looked very busy.
They looked very happy.
They looked very scared.
They looked well when I last saw them.
They looked worried.
They lost 30 kilograms.
They lost Mary.
They lost Skura's number.
They lost a lot.
They lost again.
They lost against Jean.
They lost all their books.
They lost all their hair.
They lost all their money.
They lost but they refuse to admit that.
They lost consciousness.
They lost count.
They lost custody of their children.
They lost custody.
They lost every battle.
They lost everything in the fire that night.
They lost everything they had.
They lost everything.
They lost faith in the existing system.
They lost heart because they had won no games.
They lost interest in their jobs.
They lost international support.
They lost it.
They lost my respect when they quit.
They lost no time in getting the sick man to a hospital.
They lost no time in leaving their home.
They lost our bags.
They lost service.
They lost some symbols of social intercourse.
They lost that series.
They lost the DNA sample.
They lost the Scotland match in the last five minutes.
They lost the battle.
They lost the bet.
They lost the game but observed the rules.
They lost the key to their hotel room.
They lost the keys to their hotel rooms.
They lost the money.
They lost the race.
They lost the war on the eastern front.
They lost the war.
They lost their car keys.
They lost their connection to reality.
They lost their cool.
They lost their dog.
They lost their driver's licenses.
They lost their footing.
They lost their friends.
They lost their glasses.
They lost their hats.
They lost their house.
They lost their houses.
They lost their job on Monday.
They lost their jobs at the university.
They lost their jobs last month.
They lost their jobs on Monday.
They lost their jobs recently.
They lost their jobs three months ago.
They lost their keys.
They lost their land.
They lost their lives in a car accident.
They lost their lives.
They lost their minds.
They lost their mittens.
They lost their money.
They lost their passports.
They lost their pencils.
They lost their phones.
They lost their property.
They lost their shoes.
They lost their temper with us.
They lost their tickets.
They lost their trust in Tom.
They lost their trust in her.
They lost their trust in him.
They lost their umbrellas.
They lost their voices.
They lost their way in the mountain.
They lost their way in the mountains.
They lost their way on their way home.
They lost their way.
They lost their way; otherwise, they would have arrived long ago.
They lost their wedding rings.
They lost them.
They lost time.
They lost track of time.
They lost what little money they had.
They lost your bags.
They lost.
They love Algeria.
They love Algerian music.
They love Australia.
They love Hokkaido.
They love Martinis.
They love Silya.
They love Tom.
They love antiques.
They love art.
They love arts.
They love baking.
They love bee honey.
They love blue flowers.
They love camping.
They love cars.
They love chili.
They love cocktails.
They love coffee.
They love each other deeply.
They love each other.
They love experimenting with new instruments.
They love figs.
They love fishing.
They love giraffes.
They love her.
They love him.
They love hospitals.
They love improvising on stage.
They love it.
They love listening to classical music.
They love literature.
They love making puzzles.
They love me and I love them.
They love me.
They love money.
They love music.
They love my grandmother very much.
They love nature.
They love oranges.
They love playing outside the country.
They love playing outside.
They love plums.
They love poetry.
They love reading.
They love selfies.
They love sex.
They love singing.
They love soccer.
They love spaghetti.
They love stargazing.
They love studying music.
They love sunsets.
They love swimming.
They love that song.
They love that.
They love the 1990s.
They love the betrayal but not the traitor.
They love the colorful flowers.
They love the sound of acoustic guitars.
They love the sunrise.
They love the two of them.
They love their children, of course.
They love their children.
They love their cozy house.
They love their dog deeply.
They love their dog.
They love their dogs.
They love their families.
They love their home.
They love their jobs.
They love their kids.
They love their mother a lot.
They love their new dog.
They love their parents.
They love their ponies.
They love their pony.
They love their work.
They love them both.
They love them.
They love themselves in secret.
They love this Kabyle dress.
They love this song.
They love to be alone.
They love to be in a dirty environment.
They love to climb mountains.
They love to consume olive oil.
They love to create drama for attention.
They love to give parties all the time.
They love to go against the grain.
They love to gossip and talk about you.
They love to intimidate.
They love to party on and on.
They love to play outside the country.
They love to play outside.
They love to sleep.
They love us.
They love vampires.
They love watermelon.
They love what they do.
They love you all.
They love you.
They loved Boston.
They loved Mary.
They loved Mom's big dimpled smile.
They loved Nagasaki so much that they stayed there for a week.
They loved Tom.
They loved apples when they were kids.
They loved attention.
They loved bananas.
They loved change.
They loved each other.
They loved every second of the Berber class.
They loved grand touring cars.
They loved her.
They loved hiking.
They loved him.
They loved it here.
They loved it.
They loved jokes.
They loved liberty, but liberty associated with order, with justice, with mercy, and with civilisation.
They loved me.
They loved money more than anything else.
They loved one another from the beginning.
They loved playing in the snow.
They loved the kids loads.
They loved the sound of waves crashing at night.
They loved the tropical fruits they tasted on their trip.
They loved their children.
They loved their dog.
They loved their dogs.
They loved their garden.
They loved their gardens.
They loved their grandchildren.
They loved their grandkids.
They loved their jobs.
They loved their kids.
They loved them.
They loved this game.
They loved to spend all day playing together.
They loved us.
They loved vibrant colors.
They loved what they were doing.
They loved you.
They lowered the curtain.
They lowered the radio volume.
They lowered their eyes.
They lowered their prices.
They lowered their voices.
They loyally united in her defence, and sought to squelch the revolter by loftily explaining that the actress turned her back so often to the audience because she had such a noble, generous nature and desired to give the other actors a chance.
They lugged the refrigerator up the stairs.
They lunched on sandwiches and coffee.
They lurked and lingered for a long time, but survived in little things; for, Nature, far above the evil passions of men, soon recovered Her serenity, and smiled upon the guilty battle-ground as she had done before, when it was innocent.
They made Jessica standing there like she was a trophy.
They made John chairman of the committee.
They made John the captain of the team.
They made Mary tell everything.
They made Mom breakfast.
They made Oshin work from morning till night.
They made Tom an offer he couldn't refuse.
They made Tom an offer.
They made Tom chairman.
They made Tom change his mind.
They made Tom tell them everything.
They made a bar in the middle of nowhere.
They made a big racket last night.
They made a breach in the wall.
They made a claim for higher pay.
They made a commotion.
They made a deal.
They made a decision to kill him as an unnecessary witness.
They made a desperate call to the coast guard.
They made a discovery.
They made a fair trade.
They made a final toast.
They made a fire in order to warm up.
They made a fire so as to warm up.
They made a fire so that they would warm up.
They made a fire to warm up.
They made a fool of him in the presence of ladies.
They made a frame with tape.
They made a funny joke, though.
They made a good impression on Ziri.
They made a good point.
They made a great effort to settle the problem.
They made a great tumult last night.
They made a joint decision to divorce.
They made a joke of the whole thing.
They made a list of the names.
They made a list of what they needed.
They made a list of what they wanted.
They made a list.
They made a little paper plane.
They made a lot of mistakes.
They made a mad dash for the exit.
They made a mistake, it's not Mexican jerboa, it's Shanghai leopard.
They made a mistake.
They made a movie of the entire ceremony.
They made a perfect couple.
They made a plan for the ambush.
They made a promise.
They made a raft by lashing pieces of driftwood together with vines.
They made a rope swing.
They made a strange discovery.
They made a striking couple.
They made a stubborn resistance.
They made a terrible racket.
They made a toast at his funeral.
They made a trip to the library.
They made a unanimous decision to learn Berber.
They made a video about Skura.
They made a whip out of cords.
They made an appointment to meet on Friday.
They made an ass out of me.
They made an assault on the summit.
They made an exception.
They made an odd couple.
They made and recorded a sort of institute and digest of anarchy, called the Rights of Man.
They made breakfast.
They made burgers without cheese.
They made burgers without sauce this time.
They made camp near the old well.
They made clothes.
They made coffee with a French press.
They made comments.
They made complete fools of themselves.
They made cookies.
They made crude jokes.
They made decisions willy-nilly, without any proper discussion or strategy.
They made equally tough demands.
They made everything easy for Tom.
They made first ascent of Mount Everest.
They made fools of themselves.
They made fools out of themselves.
They made for the exit.
They made for the scene of the accident.
They made for the seashore.
They made friends with a lot of the kids in the area.
They made fun of Jack's haircut.
They made fun of Jack’s haircut.
They made fun of John's haircut.
They made fun of John's hairstyle.
They made fun of Mary.
They made fun of her because she had a funny hat on.
They made fun of him for speaking Berber.
They made fun of him for speaking in Berber.
They made fun of him.
They made fun of me for speaking in Berber.
They made fun of me.
They made fun of my accent.
They made fun of my clothes.
They made fun of that homeless guy.
They made fun of them.
They made fun of you.
They made good use of their time.
They made great efforts to resolve the problem.
They made her a partner.
They made her an offer.
They made her believe anything.
They made her believe their lies.
They made her go.
They made her learn maths.
They made her marry him.
They made her swallow tall tales.
They made her wait for more than an hour.
They made her wait for over an hour.
They made him an offer.
They made him believe anything.
They made him captain of the team.
They made him chairman of the club.
They made him confess to a crime he didn't commit.
They made him do the work again.
They made him feel good.
They made him sign a contract.
They made him sign the contract against his will.
They made him sign the contract.
They made him swallow tall tales.
They made him the chairman of a club.
They made him the imam of their mosque.
They made him work from morning till night.
They made him work.
They made huge, grotesque, yet beautiful poles of red cedar.
They made it themselves.
They made it.
They made little of my effort to make our class enjoyable.
They made little of the pouring rain.
They made lots of improvements to the buildings.
They made love all night long.
They made love last night.
They made love to each other.
They made love wildly.
They made love.
They made many changes in the proposal.
They made many changes.
They made many charges.
They made many mistakes.
They made many sacrifices to get their own house.
They made me a completely different person.
They made me an apple-pie bed, the bastards!
They made me an offer I couldn't refuse.
They made me an offer I couldn’t refuse.
They made me an offer to teach English at a language school.
They made me angry.
They made me captain.
They made me carry their suitcases.
They made me clean their rooms.
They made me come here.
They made me come in second.
They made me do it.
They made me go there alone.
They made me go there.
They made me happy.
They made me help them.
They made me laugh.
They made me learn Spanish.
They made me open my briefcase.
They made me really angry.
They made me sign the document.
They made me swear not to say anything.
They made me wait a long time.
They made me wait for a long time.
They made me wait.
They made me work.
They made mistakes.
They made money by selling drugs into the huge market.
They made more powerful arms.
They made much of the victory of their team in the tournament.
They made much of what they saw.
They made mutual concessions.
They made my life a living hell.
They made noise.
They made noises all night, which kept me awake.
They made off with the money on a motorbike.
They made out a cheque to each other.
They made out on that couch.
They made peace and became close again.
They made plans for the future.
They made plans to come back in a few days.
They made plans.
They made really cool friendships at that high school.
They made room for the old lady on the train.
They made scoubidou bracelets.
They made several laps around the yard.
They made short work of Markku's case and sent him off to prison.
They made short work of the cake.
They made some deals.
They made some pushups.
They made some toys for their grandchildren.
They made spaghetti.
They made speeches in class.
They made speeches in turn.
They made straight for their destination.
They made sure no one could see them.
They made sure nobody could see them.
They made sure that these orders were carried out.
They made sure to cover their tracks.
They made sure we had everything we needed.
They made temporary camps along the coast.
They made that dip for the party.
They made that themselves.
They made the basement their hide-out.
They made the best science project.
They made the burgers.
They made the country a hole.
They made the decision to search elsewhere because the house was too small.
They made the decision.
They made the food.
They made the goal.
They made the novel into a drama.
They made the pilot fly the Navy helicopter.
They made the right choice.
They made the right decision.
They made the road more even.
They made the salad.
They made the same mistake again.
They made the sandbags heavier.
They made the song just for the new mini-game.
They made their beds.
They made their children some cookies.
They made their father drink wine that night also, and the younger daughter went in, and lay with him: and neither then did he perceive when she lay down, nor when she rose up.
They made their names French.
They made their own Halloween costumes.
They made their position clear.
They made their position quite clear.
They made their positions clear.
They made their positions quite clear.
They made their way across the river.
They made their way through the crowd.
They made their way through the jungle.
They made their way toward the town.
They made them go.
They made themselves a big breakfast.
They made themselves at home.
They made themselves drinks.
They made themselves get up.
They made themselves something to eat.
They made these blades into triangles and lunates.
They made this book into a movie.
They made this bookcase by themselves.
They made two albums that sounded the same.
They made up a fake note and left it on the teacher's desk.
They made up again.
They made up an unlikely story.
They made up and became friends again.
They made up their mind to go to law school.
They made up their mind.
They made up their minds not to do that.
They made up their minds to do that.
They made up their minds to go by car in spite of bad weather.
They made up their minds to leave early.
They made up their minds to travel back in time in order to rescue Tom.
They made up their minds weeks ago.
They made us angry.
They made us change our mind.
They made us dig our own graves.
They made us do that.
They made us pay.
They made us work all day long.
They made us work all day.
They made us work all night.
They made you cry, didn't they?
They made you laugh, didn't they?
They mainly live on bread.
They mainly live on milk.
They maintain cleanliness at all times.
They maintained order during the citywide emergency drill.
They maintained order during the emergency evacuation.
They maintained relatively peaceful relations with the native Yanomamo people.
They majored in literature at the university.
They majored in psychology.
They make a desert, and they call it peace.
They make a good couple.
They make a great couple.
They make a great team.
They make a lovely couple, those two!
They make a lovely couple.
They make a nice couple.
They make a perfect couple.
They make a wilderness, and they call it peace.
They make all their own clothes.
They make an odd couple.
They make an odd pair.
They make decisions on new policy.
They make efforts for their children to learn French.
They make enough to pay their bills.
They make for an odd pair.
They make frequent trips to Europe.
They make good cakes.
They make good towels here.
They make good use of their rooms.
They make me believe I'm wearing the smallest size.
They make me laugh.
They make me sick.
They make money just so Tom can throw it around.
They make my day so much brighter.
They make simple tasks feel like epic challenges.
They make the best baklava in the whole of Algiers.
They make the best dosa.
They make the best octopus tacos.
They make the best pizza in town.
They make the rules.
They make the sandwich right in front of you.
They make the sandwich right in front of your eyes.
They make their own beds every morning.
They make their own bread.
They make their own choices.
They make their own computers as a hobby.
They make their own decisions.
They make their spaghetti spicy.
They make themselves out to be poorer than they really are.
They make toys at this factory.
They make toys in that factory.
They make up about 12.5 percent of the total population.
They make used cooking oil into soap at that factory.
They make you really thirsty.
They manage to get along without much money.
They managed to avoid a collision.
They managed to control their anger.
They managed to do that by themselves.
They managed to do that on their own.
They managed to escape from prison.
They managed to escape through a window.
They managed to escape through the window.
They managed to get all the money together.
They managed to get by thanks to the charitable help of their neighbors.
They managed to put a satellite into orbit.
They managed to remove the tumor.
They managed to save Tom.
They managed to save her.
They managed to save him.
They mapped the sea floor carefully.
They march again against Corinth.
They marched him out of the room.
They marched in a parade through the streets of Paris.
They marched in support of the government.
They marched northwest into the Shenandoah Valley.
They marched quickly toward the capital.
They marched to Santiago with their flag aloft.
They marched two abreast.
They mark down goods at that shop.
They mark their territories with faeces and urine.
They marked down the damaged goods by forty per cent.
They marked off the land for their house with rows of stones.
They marked the damaged goods down by 40%.
They married at just 18 years old.
They married boys older than them.
They married in Boston.
They married in September.
They married in secret.
They married later the next year.
They married not long ago.
They married on Christmas Eve.
They married on the third of this month.
They married recently.
They married secretly.
They married when they were still young.
They married when they were young.
They married, even though they barely spoke each other's language.
They married, had a family and lived happily all their lives.
They marveled at the intricate cake topper.
They marveled at the storied ruins of the temple.
They marveled at the towering wedding cake.
They mashed the medlars.
They massacred as many Native Americans as they could.
They masturbated each other.
They matched colors perfectly.
They may all be dead.
They may be busy right now.
They may be in danger.
They may be in need of assistance.
They may be in over their heads.
They may be in trouble.
They may be naturally influenced by neighboring sounds as also by native habits of individual speakers.
They may be playing in the park.
They may be poor, but rich in spirit.
They may be right.
They may be wrong.
They may collapse.
They may come back.
They may come with us if they want to.
They may come.
They may do anything they please.
They may do anything they want.
They may do as they like.
They may do that any way they like.
They may do that anytime they want.
They may do that anywhere they choose.
They may do that anywhere they want.
They may do that by themselves.
They may do that however they like.
They may do that if they like.
They may do that if they want to.
They may do that if they want.
They may do that if they'd like to.
They may do that on their own.
They may do that themselves.
They may do that whenever they want.
They may do that wherever they choose.
They may do that wherever they want.
They may do what they want.
They may do whatever they like.
They may do whatever they want.
They may eat anything they want.
They may eat as much as they want.
They may eat whatever they want.
They may eat whenever they want.
They may eat wherever they want.
They may even ask if you are all right or if there is something they can help you with.
They may faint.
They may feel some resentment.
They may get fined if they do that.
They may get hurt if they do that.
They may get injured if they do that.
They may go anywhere they like.
They may go fishing by themselves.
They may go home by themselves.
They may go if they want to.
They may go if they want.
They may go wherever they want to.
They may go wherever they want.
They may go with you if they want to.
They may go with you if they want.
They may go.
They may have anything they want.
They may have done that by themselves.
They may have hostages.
They may have it.
They may have missed the train.
They may have missed their bus.
They may have missed their buses.
They may have missed their train.
They may have missed their trains.
They may have taken the wrong train.
They may have to quit their jobs.
They may leave anytime they want to.
They may leave anytime they want.
They may leave if they want to.
They may leave if they want.
They may leave tomorrow.
They may look nice but high-heels can cause pain and are not good for your feet.
They may need a doctor.
They may need assistance.
They may need help.
They may need our help.
They may need some money.
They may need something to eat.
They may not be as busy as they seem.
They may not be as happy as they look.
They may not be as happy as they seem.
They may not be as rich as they seem.
They may not be home.
They may not come.
They may not know about it.
They may not know anything about this.
They may not like what they see.
They may not want to play with me as I am new to the game.
They may pass.
They may properly claim the protection of the law.
They may require assistance.
They may speak French if they like.
They may speak French if they want to.
They may speak French if they want.
They may surprise you.
They may take all the time they need.
They may take our lives, but they'll never take our freedom!
They may talk to whoever they want to.
They may talk to whoever they want.
They may use our bicycles if they want to.
They may use our bicycles if they want.
They may yet be happy.
They mean business here.
They mean business.
They mean it.
They mean the same thing.
They mean trouble.
They mean well.
They meant it.
They meant well.
They meant what they said.
They measure the weight of gold in grams.
They measured the footprints.
They meditate daily in the morning.
They meditate together.
They meet at the well, spend half an hour or so chatting and talking together, and then saunter home again in groups through the darkness, carrying their pails, just as I saw them on this particular evening.
They meet every Monday here in Boston.
They meet every evening at the library.
They meet here at the mosque.
They meet in the evening.
They meet once a week.
They meet sometimes at the café.
They memorized 2000 English words.
They mention him in good terms.
They mention them, they don't forget them.
They mentioned having been there.
They mentioned that.
They mentioned two famous tourist spots neither of which we have visited as yet.
They mentioned two famous tourist spots, neither of which we have visited yet.
They messaged Mina.
They messed up big time.
They messed up my picture.
They messed up.
They met Mary here yesterday.
They met Mary.
They met Skura on their way to the theater.
They met Skura outside.
They met Skura.
They met Tom here.
They met at a friend's party.
They met at a party.
They met at church.
They met at dawn by the river.
They met at ten.
They met at the Christmas party last year.
They met at the café.
They met at the estate of the shogun's retainer to play a game of cards.
They met at the estate of the shogun’s retainer to play a game of cards.
They met at the mosque library.
They met at the mosque.
They met at the train station.
They met each other halfway.
They met each other on the street.
They met earlier and got their stories straight.
They met for the first time in London.
They met four days ago.
They met frequently afterwards, and always at sunset.
They met frequently afterwards.
They met her there.
They met in Algeria and they met again in France.
They met in Algeria.
They met in Spain seven years ago.
They met in a restaurant on the Left Bank.
They met in autumn, got engaged in spring, and had a beach wedding in early summer.
They met in high school and quickly became friends.
They met in high school.
They met in prison.
They met in secret.
They met in the city.
They met near the Algerian embassy.
They met on a blind date.
They met on a fishing trip.
They met on a regular basis.
They met on an evening in July.
They met on the beach.
They met on the platform.
They met on the way to work.
They met one more time in October of 2013. After that, they would never meet again.
They met only once a week.
They met quietly in the dead of night.
They met regularly.
They met the crown princes of Sweden and Denmark.
They met the foreign secretary yesterday.
They met the heirs to the thrones of Sweden and Denmark.
They met there last night.
They met through her introduction.
They met us on the road.
They met us with a smile.
They met with an accident in the mountains.
They met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs yesterday.
They met.
They might agree.
They might arrive next week.
They might ask you to help them.
They might be able to help me.
They might be able to help us.
They might be able to help you.
They might be corrupted, but they still work hard for the people.
They might be ill.
They might be in their offices.
They might be in their rooms.
They might be interested.
They might be older than us.
They might be on to something.
They might be taller than you.
They might come.
They might do that by themselves.
They might do that on their own.
They might eliminate me.
They might find a resolution.
They might get fined if they do that.
They might get fired if they do that.
They might get hurt if they do that.
They might go fishing by themselves.
They might go.
They might have gotten sick.
They might have to cancel the flight because of the typhoon.
They might have what you need.
They might have what you want.
They might hear us.
They might help if you asked them to.
They might kiss.
They might learn something from us.
They might meet later tonight.
They might need your help.
They might not do that.
They might not even be from Australia.
They might not help us.
They might not know what to do, but they're not stupid.
They might not notice that Tom isn't here.
They might not want us to help them.
They might pass.
They might pay me more if I could use a computer.
They might perchance have soon become enlightened as to the mysteries of love had not a great tumult arose in the surrounding country.
They might retaliate.
They might sell what you need.
They might sell what you want.
They might still change their minds.
They might take Tom away from us.
They might take the car.
They might take you seriously.
They might tell us the truth.
They might think I don't like them.
They might think you don't like them.
They might want you to help them.
They might've done that by themselves.
They might've eaten before they came.
They might've eaten on their way home.
They might've just been desperate for any chance to change.
They migrated from places like Poland and Ukraine and changed their names.
They milked the cow.
They milked the ewes.
They minded their own business.
They mine one ore of zinc and another of copper.
They mined iron in this town for 350 years.
They misled me.
They misled you.
They misplaced the tickets.
They misread those signs.
They miss Algeria.
They miss Boston.
They miss Mina.
They miss me.
They miss their parents.
They miss their wives.
They miss you and they want to see you.
They missed Skura.
They missed Sunday school.
They missed Tom.
They missed a good chance.
They missed a lot.
They missed an appointment.
They missed her.
They missed him.
They missed it.
They missed spending time with Mom.
They missed that.
They missed the bus.
They missed the deadline.
They missed the early train.
They missed the last train.
They missed the plane by two hours.
They missed the train.
They missed their bus.
They missed their buses.
They missed their children.
They missed their friends.
They missed their kids.
They missed their stop.
They missed their train.
They missed their trains.
They missed us.
They missed you.
They misspoke.
They mistakenly sent it to Tom.
They mistook him for his brother.
They mistook my politeness for friendship.
They mix everything.
They mix genres in their latest album.
They mix the ingredients together.
They mixed everything together.
They mixed themselves drinks.
They mixed up the answers.
They mocked me.
They mocked them.
They mocked you.
They modified the report to accommodate all views.
They monitor organizational progress.
They monitored the enemy's radio communications.
They monitored the enemy’s radio communications.
They monopolize the narrative.
They monopolized the supply market and drastically raised prices.
They monopolized the supply of raw materials and set sky-high prices.
They mortgaged their house.
They mortgaged their houses.
They most certainly know.
They mostly kept to themselves.
They mostly talked about their trip.
They mostly talked about their trips.
They motioned me to follow them.
They motivate each other to succeed.
They motivated each other to learn Berber.
They motivated us to push ourselves and reach our full potential.
They mounted their horses and rode off.
They mounted their horses.
They move forward, undaunted by the challenges they face.
They move from place to place, often change jobs, divorce more frequently, and take economic and social risks which seem dangerous.
They move from place to place.
They move like shadows through the night.
They move like shadows.
They move through life with a quiet dignity.
They move through life with grace.
They move through life with quiet grace.
They move through life with quiet wisdom.
They move through the world with a quiet elegance.
They move with a grace that is as natural as breathing.
They moved a year ago.
They moved abroad.
They moved ahead slowly.
They moved apart from each other.
They moved as quickly as they could.
They moved aside with the boxes.
They moved away after about a year.
They moved away from one another.
They moved away.
They moved back in with their parents.
They moved back to Kabylie.
They moved back to the city.
They moved closer to each other.
They moved farther away from the fire.
They moved forward.
They moved here last year.
They moved here recently.
They moved here three years ago.
They moved here two years ago.
They moved house in search of greater comfort and security.
They moved in just the other day.
They moved in recently.
They moved in the same circles.
They moved in together?
They moved in with their grandparents.
They moved in.
They moved into a house.
They moved into a new house.
They moved into that house.
They moved on Mexico City, the capital.
They moved out of their apartment.
They moved out.
They moved quicker than horses in gallop.
They moved the date of the party forward.
They moved the troops back in a sudden change of tactics.
They moved to Algeria all the way from Japan.
They moved to Algeria.
They moved to Algiers.
They moved to At Aidel region.
They moved to Cherfa.
They moved to Kabylie in September.
They moved to Kabylie.
They moved to Kherrata.
They moved to New York, but adapted easily to their new surroundings.
They moved to Sidi Aiche.
They moved to a new house.
They moved to a small village from the city.
They moved to a small village in the countryside.
They moved to another country for work.
They moved to another town with Dad.
They moved to tamukra.
They moved to the countryside.
They moved to the village, where they lived a happy life.
They moved towards Mina.
They moved up and down the keys.
They moved with the elegance of a well-rehearsed symphony.
They moved.
They mowed to Russia.
They mumbled something in their sleep.
They mumbled.
They murdered Silya.
They murdered Tom.
They murdered each other.
They murdered her.
They murdered him.
They must abandon the idea.
They must admit their guilt.
They must all go away.
They must all resign in disgrace.
They must be Americans.
They must be brothers.
They must be busy.
They must be cannibals.
They must be careful.
They must be cops.
They must be crazy to believe such nonsense.
They must be crushed.
They must be dead.
They must be educated enough so that they will make a wise choice.
They must be eliminated quickly.
They must be fake.
They must be freaked.
They must be going out of their minds.
They must be happy.
They must be hungry.
They must be in their thirties.
They must be joking.
They must be losing.
They must be mad to believe such rubbish.
They must be mad.
They must be mistaken.
They must be more patient.
They must be out of their minds.
They must be proud of themselves.
They must be punished.
They must be removed.
They must be replaced.
They must be ripping their hair out.
They must be somewhere around.
They must be tearing their hair out.
They must be tired.
They must be very poor.
They must be very proud of their daughter.
They must be waiting for us. What's the time?
They must be waiting for you.
They must be worried.
They must behave themselves.
They must believe in something.
They must choose.
They must come here at once.
They must come to France.
They must come with their kids.
They must come.
They must conserve their strength.
They must continue looking because they haven't yet located him.
They must die.
They must have a common origin.
They must have agreed about this subject.
They must have arrived home by this time.
They must have been overcome by the recent disasters.
They must have been tired.
They must have failed through lack of enthusiasm.
They must have failed.
They must have forgotten about me.
They must have found out about what happened.
They must have found out who I was.
They must have had a noble mind.
They must have had an accident.
They must have known it all along.
They must have known this would happen.
They must have made a mistake.
They must have offered you a lot of money for that.
They must have relied on Tom.
They must have seen us.
They must have skipped out of town.
They must have struggled against adversity from their early days.
They must have suspected me of stealing.
They must have taken you to be gods!
They must have told Mary.
They must know I'm innocent.
They must know it.
They must know that I'm innocent.
They must know that here as well.
They must know this.
They must lose.
They must love her.
They must love you.
They must make their own decisions.
They must make up their own minds.
They must miss their families.
They must modify their thoughts now.
They must not go up the stairs.
They must not have heard me.
They must not smoke.
They must pay for what they've done.
They must pay what they owe.
They must protect all the people who dwell in this country.
They must realize what they've done.
They must really hate me.
They must remain calm.
They must remain face to face.
They must sail north.
They must stay.
They must still be in their thirties.
They must then go through a landing examination conducted by inspection officers before they can obtain landing permission.
They must unite.
They must work 8 hours a day.
They must work at home.
They must've arrived home by now.
They must've arrived home by this time.
They must've been tired.
They must've done that by themselves.
They must've failed.
They must've finished their work early.
They must've forgotten their keys.
They must've forgotten their promise.
They must've forgotten their promises.
They must've found out about what happened.
They must've found out who I was.
They must've gone fishing by themselves.
They must've gone to Australia.
They must've gone to France.
They must've gotten over their colds.
They must've had an accident.
They must've had their reasons for doing what they did.
They must've had their reasons.
They must've hidden it somewhere very special.
They must've hit their heads.
They must've known it all along.
They must've known this would happen.
They must've made a mistake.
They must've relied on Tom.
They must've seen you coming.
They must've skipped out of town.
They must've suspected me of stealing.
They must’ve skipped out of town.
They mutually discussed the future.
They nailed the door to the mosque shut.
They named Bill Clinton as their candidate for president.
They named a sandwich after Tom.
They named an airport after Tom.
They named her Jane.
They named her baby Jane.
They named her baby Jenny.
They named the baby Graham after their uncle.
They named the baby Momotarou.
They named the boy after his grandfather.
They named the child after the grandfather.
They named the creek for Vladimir.
They named the dog Cookie.
They named the dog Shiro.
They named the foundling Tom.
They named the invention after Dad.
They named the library after me.
They named the ship Queen Mary after the Queen.
They named the ship the Mayflower.
They named the spaceship "Discovery."
They named the spaceship A100.
They named their baby Jane.
They named their baby Tom.
They named their cats Tom and Jerry.
They named their child Thomas.
They named their child Tom.
They named their daughter Helen.
They named their dog Cookie.
They named their dog Lucky.
They named their dog Rex.
They named their dog Rocky.
They named their son John.
They named their son Tom.
They named you.
They narrated a story to him.
They navigate the complexities of life with ease.
They navigate the world with grace and purpose.
They navigated sizzling sands in the Middle East, stepped into toxic muck in Bhopal, and precariously maneuvered icy sidewalks in Seoul.
They navigated through traffic expertly.
They neared the door.
They nearly fell off their chairs.
They nearly got themselves killed.
They need Silya.
They need Tom.
They need a bath.
They need a beautiful and charismatic spokesperson.
They need a blender for smoothies.
They need a book of Ukrainian?
They need a break.
They need a cab.
They need a car.
They need a doctor.
They need a hand.
They need a hero.
They need a hotel.
They need a lawyer.
They need a little instruction.
They need a locksmith in this city.
They need a lot of water.
They need a photo.
They need a plane.
They need a raise.
They need a ride to the bank.
They need a rug.
They need a sense of catharsis.
They need a sharp knife.
They need a shirt.
They need a stable economy.
They need a towel.
They need a vacation.
They need all the help they can get.
They need an alliance.
They need an interpreter.
They need answers.
They need bananas.
They need customers.
They need daily care.
They need each other.
They need food and water.
They need four horses for the carriage.
They need friends.
They need glasses.
They need gold.
They need guidance from a mentor.
They need help doing their taxes.
They need help to understand their office equipment.
They need help.
They need her.
They need him.
They need instructions.
They need international aid.
They need investors.
They need it.
They need land.
They need me too much.
They need me.
They need money to pay for the materials.
They need money.
They need more time to study.
They need more time.
They need new shoes.
They need not do it at once.
They need not have called me.
They need one.
They need our help.
They need our support.
They need oxygen.
They need paper.
They need proof.
They need protection.
They need real help.
They need sex.
They need solidarity now.
They need some air.
They need some bananas.
They need some counseling.
They need some decent clothes to attend the meetings.
They need some direction.
They need some space.
They need somebody they could trust.
They need somebody to help them.
They need someone they could trust.
They need someone to help them.
They need special permits to get into this area.
They need supplies.
They need that time.
They need that.
They need the certificate.
They need the job to be done. It doesn't matter who does it.
They need the money.
They need their families.
They need their medication.
They need their medicine.
They need their privacy.
They need their rest.
They need their sleep.
They need them.
They need this.
They need to admit their defeat.
They need to answer the question.
They need to answer this question.
They need to apologize to the maids right now.
They need to arbitrate this case.
They need to be able to irrigate without relying solely on rain.
They need to be at the hospital.
They need to be disciplined.
They need to be investigated.
They need to be more careful.
They need to be prepared to pay more.
They need to be told.
They need to bring this conflict to an end.
They need to build a new and bigger bridge.
They need to buy themselves some time.
They need to call a doctor.
They need to call an Uber.
They need to cancel school.
They need to cancel their flight.
They need to cancel their flights.
They need to care for the horse.
They need to change their behavior.
They need to change their ideas now.
They need to change their mindset.
They need to change their plan.
They need to change their plans.
They need to change their socks.
They need to change this.
They need to clean their rooms.
They need to close.
They need to come back to reason.
They need to come back.
They need to cube cheese for the skewers.
They need to discuss the document.
They need to do a Berber language exam.
They need to do that by themselves.
They need to eat and drink every day, don't they?
They need to eat double that amount.
They need to explain themselves.
They need to face the consequences.
They need to feel safe.
They need to fight.
They need to find an apartment in the city.
They need to finish what they started.
They need to finish what they're doing.
They need to fix the refrigerator.
They need to focus on good things in life.
They need to get all those people out of here.
They need to get over themselves.
They need to get rid of the indigenous population.
They need to get rid of the people who are already there.
They need to get some rest.
They need to get some sleep.
They need to get this matter resolved.
They need to get this resolved.
They need to get up early.
They need to go abroad to receive treatment.
They need to go home by themselves.
They need to go home immediately.
They need to go home.
They need to go out.
They need to go to the corner store.
They need to go to the library tomorrow.
They need to go.
They need to have a haircut.
They need to help me.
They need to improve their grades.
They need to improve their security.
They need to interact with other kids.
They need to keep him alive.
They need to keep religion out of it.
They need to learn how to fix their computer.
They need to look at the bright side.
They need to look more presentable.
They need to lower their expectations.
They need to make a good impression on the guests.
They need to make up for lost time.
They need to move quicker.
They need to organize their rooms.
They need to pay first.
They need to pay their own debts.
They need to pay their rent today.
They need to pay what they owe.
They need to read the Quran.
They need to regain their strength.
They need to rehearse every day.
They need to renew their concepts now.
They need to renew their passports.
They need to report on what's happening.
They need to respect the kids' wishes.
They need to save the company.
They need to see less of each other.
They need to see their lawyer.
They need to see their lawyers.
They need to sort it out themselves.
They need to stand up to Mom and Dad.
They need to stay where they are.
They need to stop complaining and get on with their lives.
They need to stop losing their heads.
They need to stop spending money.
They need to study.
They need to take their medication.
They need to talk to their lawyer.
They need to talk to their lawyers.
They need to talk.
They need to update their website.
They need to wait for another year.
They need to wait.
They need to wash their faces.
They need to widen the road.
They need to work tomorrow.
They need trust to move forward.
They need us now.
They need us to finish the job.
They need us to show them the way.
They need us, and we need them.
They need vitamins.
They need volunteers.
They need washing.
They need water and medicine.
They need water.
They need you at the meeting.
They need you.
They need your help.
They needed Silya.
They needed Tom there.
They needed a doctor.
They needed a new government to control the anarchy.
They needed a new plan.
They needed assistance immediately.
They needed help doing their taxes.
They needed help.
They needed her.
They needed him.
They needed information he had.
They needed it.
They needed jobs and training.
They needed me.
They needed money to pay for the supplies.
They needed money.
They needed more men.
They needed more time.
They needed more.
They needed no money.
They needed one another.
They needed privacy.
They needed some space to fix things with Mom.
They needed somebody they could trust.
They needed somebody to help them.
They needed someone they could trust.
They needed someone to help them.
They needed space.
They needed sunglasses.
They needed support to do this work.
They needed surgery.
They needed that.
They needed the break.
They needed the money.
They needed the space.
They needed their parents' approval.
They needed them.
They needed time.
They needed to blend into the crowd.
They needed to change their plan.
They needed to change their plans.
They needed to dig beneath the surface.
They needed to get rid of the indigenous population.
They needed to keep up that lie.
They needed to make a decision - an immediate decision.
They needed to prepare for possible casualties.
They needed to trade with them for food.
They needed to wash their car.
They needed to wash their cars.
They needed you.
They needs to go find another room.
They neglected his advice, with the result the their company went bankrupt.
They neglected their families.
They neglected their work.
They negotiate with their employer about their wages.
They negotiated for months on end without reaching an outcome.
They neither understand nor hear.
They nervously shuffled their feet.
They netted a good profit.
They never accepted Islam.
They never admit their own mistakes.
They never admitted that they were wrong.
They never admitted they didn't know how to do their job properly.
They never admitted they were wrong.
They never apologised.
They never apologized.
They never asked for help.
They never called Grandpa's landline before.
They never called back.
They never came back.
They never came out of their comas.
They never came.
They never caught Tom.
They never caught her.
They never caught him.
They never caught the killer.
They never caught the murderer.
They never complain about their jobs.
They never complain.
They never complained about their jobs.
They never dance.
They never denied that they did that.
They never denied they did that.
They never despaired in life.
They never did an autopsy.
They never did anything to help.
They never did anything.
They never did finish their homework.
They never did more than kiss.
They never did what they said they would do.
They never did what they said they'd do.
They never did what you say they did.
They never discuss anything with me.
They never do anything on their own.
They never do anything.
They never do exercise.
They never do that by themselves.
They never do that on their own.
They never doubted themselves.
They never drink beer.
They never drink with their students.
They never drove.
They never eat a big breakfast.
They never existed.
They never explained why they did that.
They never explained why they were late.
They never felt sorry for themselves.
They never finish their homework.
They never forgave themselves for that.
They never forgave themselves.
They never forget to pay their rent.
They never forget to send their mother a gift on her birthday.
They never forgot to pay their rent.
They never fought.
They never found Ziri.
They never found his body.
They never found out the truth.
They never gave me an answer.
They never gave up on life.
They never gave up on themselves.
They never gave up.
They never get old.
They never get tired of cheering.
They never give up.
They never go anywhere by themselves.
They never go for walks.
They never go kayaking by themselves.
They never go out in the evening with their children.
They never go out in the evenings with their children.
They never got along.
They never got out of their car.
They never got out of their cars.
They never got that chance.
They never got their money back.
They never had a chance, did they?
They never had children.
They never have enough money.
They never have had to charge for admission.
They never have pencils with them.
They never heard about us.
They never joke about their jobs.
They never judge people.
They never knew each other.
They never knew that.
They never knew their parents.
They never knew what hit them.
They never know what to say.
They never last for long.
They never learn!
They never left that room again.
They never left their rooms yesterday.
They never left to be told that they came back.
They never let anything come between them.
They never lie.
They never linger in deserted areas.
They never listen to Britney Spears.
They never listen to me.
They never listen when I talk to them.
They never lived at that old place.
They never lock their door.
They never lock their doors.
They never lose hope.
They never lost hope in this world.
They never lost touch.
They never made it to the borders of Algeria.
They never make their beds.
They never married.
They never meet without quarreling.
They never mentioned they were married.
They never met him.
They never miss.
They never pay any attention to me.
They never pay the bills.
They never pay their rent on time.
They never penetrated beyond the periphery of the group.
They never questioned each other’s loyalty.
They never raise their voice.
They never really told me.
They never released an album but there are a couple tapes floating around.
They never report on Algerian issues.
They never reported that to the police.
They never returned to their country.
They never ride the bus to and from school.
They never said anything about that.
They never said anything derogatory about Islam.
They never said no.
They never said that they wanted to go.
They never said they wanted to do that.
They never said they weren't married.
They never said they'd do that.
They never said they'd go with us.
They never said they'd help us.
They never said what you say they did.
They never saw Linda.
They never saw Nuja at school again.
They never saw each other again.
They never saw it.
They never say anything about their family.
They never see us.
They never seem to get sick.
They never seem to get together on anything.
They never seem to learn anything.
They never should've quit their jobs.
They never showed those report cards to Mom.
They never showed up.
They never spoke to us.
They never stop improving.
They never stop quarreling amongst themselves.
They never stopped believing in true love.
They never stopped.
They never studied in school.
They never swim by themselves.
They never take back their cups at the end of the day.
They never take me seriously.
They never take off their sunglasses.
They never take responsibility for their actions.
They never talk about their childhood.
They never talk about their children.
They never talk about their exes.
They never talk about their families.
They never talk about their feelings.
They never talk about their jobs.
They never talk about their kids.
They never talk about their work.
They never talk but they quarrel.
They never talked again after that.
They never tell a lie.
They never told each other how they felt.
They never told me anything about it.
They never told me that they had a dog.
They never told me that they had dogs.
They never told me that they loved me.
They never told me they had a dog.
They never told me they had a horse.
They never told me they had dogs.
They never told me they had horses.
They never told me they loved me.
They never told me they were cops.
They never told me they were engaged.
They never told me they were married.
They never told me what I needed to do.
They never told me what they wanted.
They never told me what to do.
They never told me where they lived.
They never told me where they were from.
They never told me where they worked.
They never told me why they did that.
They never told me why they didn't win.
They never told me why they were here.
They never tricked me.
They never tried to talk me out of it.
They never use a computer mouse.
They never visited the village.
They never walked through that door.
They never wanted to go to Warsaw.
They never wash their car.
They never wash their cars.
They never watch that show.
They never water the plants.
They never wears suits.
They never wears ties.
They never went to the mosque.
They never win.
They never won.
They never yell out loud in the house.
They nicked my bike at the museum.
They nicked my wallet on the bridge.
They nicknamed Mary 'Ladybug' because when she was little, she was very tiny and active.
They no longer felt a need to protest.
They no longer have an identity.
They no longer loved each other, therefore, they split up.
They no longer sell the product.
They no longer speak the Berber language.
They no longer talk to each other.
They no longer understand things.
They nodded and went to the living room.
They nodded off in the cinema.
They nodded silently.
They nodded their heads in agreement.
They nodded their heads.
They nodded to each other.
They nominated Calvin Coolidge for vice president.
They not only rejected the study of science out of the Christian schools, but they persecuted it.
They not only washed off the sweat, dirt and cares of the day in the hot water, but also enjoyed gossiping about everyday affairs.
They noted the revolutionary success of the former English colonists who were able to achieve independence from the British and wanted to do the same thing in France.
They noticed a poster for a speech competition.
They noticed everything that existed.
They noticed her talent for singing.
They noticed that.
They noticed the blue butterfly.
They noticed the branch was broken.
They noticed the café's new decor.
They noticed the coincidence.
They noticed the magic connection between the teacher and the principal.
They noticed the sandwich.
They notified both the school and the police.
They now approached the hut of Old Alice.
They now determined to pay the last honours to their benefactor, and accordingly they came with the neighbours and relatives of the deceased and buried him.
They now face the prospect of having to wear a cycling helmet by law.
They now have three children.
They now have three kids.
They now know what they have to do.
They now live with their dad.
They now live with their mom.
They now work at the post office.
They nursed their babies.
They obey, / and swords and bucklers hide amid the grass away.
They obeyed Skura.
They obeyed orders.
They obeyed.
They objected to the new rules.
They observe each other.
They observe one another.
They observed everything that was present.
They observed the wildlife.
They obstinately went ahead.
They obstinately went forward.
They obstinately went on.
They obstructed our plan.
They obtained a yield of 8 percent on their investment.
They obviously got what they came for.
They obviously know their stuff.
They occur quite often.
They offended us.
They offer Berber lessons.
They offer a free consultation.
They offer accredited courses.
They offer an earnest prayer on the evening of December 24.
They offer free condoms.
They offer the best salad in the world as a special side dish.
They offered Rima the job.
They offered Tom a gift.
They offered assistance.
They offered help.
They offered her a promotion at work.
They offered him the position of head teacher.
They offered him the position of headmaster.
They offered him the position of school head.
They offered it to me first.
They offered it to me.
They offered me a bribe.
They offered me a job in a crematory, which I refused.
They offered me a job teaching English at a language school.
They offered me another story.
They offered me my old job back.
They offered me support.
They offered me the job.
They offered me the same deal.
They offered me your job.
They offered no explanation.
They offered some help.
They offered the guests some coffee.
They offered the job to me.
They offered their seats to the old couple.
They offered their sincere apologies.
They offered this goat as a sacrifice to God.
They offered to help us.
They offered to help.
They offered to teach kids to play guitar.
They offered us many opportunities to surrender.
They offered us some coffee.
They officially announced their engagement.
They officially hated love.
They often act on pathos.
They often associate Japan with Mt. Fuji.
They often ate at a cheap restaurant.
They often break their promises.
They often bring their work home.
They often bunk off school.
They often call each other.
They often cause troubles between us.
They often change their passwords.
They often clashed over their political beliefs.
They often complain about the cost of living in Tokyo.
They often complain about their jobs.
They often connect Japan with Mt. Fuji.
They often contradict themselves.
They often cooked together.
They often criticize us.
They often disappear when needed.
They often do that by themselves.
They often do that.
They often don't keep their promises.
They often drop in at my house.
They often drop in to see us.
They often eat breakfast by themselves.
They often forget to pay their rent.
They often go fishing by themselves.
They often go on picnics by bicycle.
They often go there by themselves.
They often grab dinner on weekends.
They often heard him speak ill of others.
They often help each other.
They often help one another.
They often invent stories.
They often let me use their car.
They often lie about their age.
They often look after him.
They often lose their keys.
They often make fun of the boss.
They often meet their friends here.
They often play a practical joke on us.
They often play badminton here.
They often play by themselves.
They often quarreled with their brothers and husbands over the matter.
They often say I lack a spirit of cooperation.
They often say I like a spirit of cooperation.
They often say that life is short.
They often screen their calls.
They often see us.
They often share stories at dinner.
They often sing in their car.
They often sing in their cars.
They often sing with their friends.
They often skip class.
They often skive off school.
They often swear when they're angry.
They often talk about their work.
They often talk to their dog.
They often talk to their dogs.
They often talk to themselves.
They often twist the truth.
They often visit the café.
They often work in pairs.
They often yells at their children.
They oiled their bicycles chains.
They on put their boots.
They once lived in Nagoya.
They only allow you to visit patients for 30 minutes per day.
They only allow you to visit patients for thirty minutes a day.
They only allowed Tom to sing one song.
They only allowed carryons on the short-haul flight.
They only bicker.
They only care about themselves.
They only cared about themselves.
They only carried their possessions.
They only did what they had to do.
They only did what they had to.
They only do that when they're angry.
They only do that when they're drunk.
They only do that when they're sleepy.
They only do that when they're tired.
They only do that when they're upset.
They only do what I tell them to do.
They only do what they are instructed to do.
They only do what they have to do.
They only do what they need to do.
They only do what they want to do.
They only do what they're asked to do.
They only do what they're told.
They only eat fruits and vegetables that are grown locally.
They only find excuses, son!
They only gathered what belongs to them.
They only gave me a spork to eat it with.
They only had one thing in mind.
They only had three dollars with them.
They only hate foreigners, while I hate everybody.
They only have two bouquets left.
They only hurt themselves.
They only let Nuja out of the house for school.
They only let me do that once.
They only made things worse.
They only recall now?
They only rely on the Kabyle leaders.
They only remember it now?
They only remember now?
They only seek to enjoy the cake.
They only sell processed foods in that store.
They only sell women's shoes here.
They only speak Finnish with their children.
They only speak French.
They only speak french at home.
They only spoke Berber to me.
They only spoke Berber.
They only spoke French to me.
They only stayed together for the sake of their children.
They only swear when they're angry.
They only take cash.
They only talk about music.
They only took their belongings.
They only use thousand-dollar phones.
They only want Tom.
They only wanted Tom to stop intimidating them.
They only wanted Tom.
They only wanted a just peace.
They only wanted to ask me a few questions.
They only wanted to have fun.
They only wanted to watch.
They only watch television on Fridays.
They only wear Chanel.
They only wore red shirts.
They only worry about themselves.
They only wrote good things about her in the newspaper.
They only wrote good things about him in the newspaper.
They only wrote good things about them in the newspaper.
They only wrote good things about you in the newspaper.
They only wrote idle chatter about her in the newspaper.
They only wrote idle chatter about him in the newspaper.
They only wrote idle chatter about me in the newspaper.
They only wrote nasty gossip about him in the newspaper.
They open at 2:30.
They open the door every morning.
They open the door.
They open the gates.
They opened a bakery.
They opened a bank account in Algeria.
They opened a small farm.
They opened an account in the name of their daughter.
They opened an account in their daughter's name.
They opened fire.
They opened the bag.
They opened the box.
They opened the boxes.
They opened the door for us.
They opened the door quietly.
They opened the door to let us in.
They opened the door.
They opened the gate.
They opened the road to traffic.
They opened their backpacks.
They opened their bags.
They opened their birthday presents.
They opened their books.
They opened their desk drawers.
They opened their eyes again.
They opened their eyes once more.
They opened their eyes very wide.
They opened their eyes wide.
They opened their eyes.
They opened their laptops.
They opened their lockers.
They opened their lunch boxes.
They opened their notebooks.
They opened their presents.
They opened their suitcases.
They opened their windows.
They opened up a shop.
They opened up their wedding album and had a little stroll down memory lane.
They operate in a different way.
They operated an oil well.
They operated on me 'till life or death.
They operated on my brain.
They operated on my cat yesterday.
They oppose the plan to raise taxes.
They opposed Darwin's theory of evolution.
They opposed Darwin’s theory of evolution.
They opposed any further spread of slavery.
They oppress linguistic minorities, because they see minority languages as a threat.
They opted for another applicant.
They orchestrated the entire thing.
They ordered Tom to kill Mary.
They ordered a customized cake for the occasion.
They ordered a large pizza.
They ordered a new bomb to be built.
They ordered blue shoes online.
They ordered books from an independent bookstore.
They ordered books from an online retailer.
They ordered champagne.
They ordered food.
They ordered me to kill my brother.
They ordered pastries at the café.
They ordered pizza.
They ordered room service.
They ordered several books from the UK.
They ordered some more food.
They ordered the book online.
They ordered the dog to sit.
They ordered them.
They ordered two shots and two beers.
They ordered us to leave.
They organize a political debate.
They organize a referendum.
They organize art workshops for youth.
They organize community art projects.
They organize jam sessions every weekend.
They organize music workshops for kids.
They organized a political party.
They organized a state army.
They organized a temporary state government.
They organized a traditional bread fair.
They organized an iftar event for converts on the first day of Ramadan.
They organized their CDs by artist.
They organized their debate in Algeria.
They ought to be ashamed of themselves.
They ought to be here by noon.
They ought to do that by themselves.
They ought to have arrived there by this time.
They ought to have reached there by now.
They ought to have their heads examined.
They ought to know better at their age.
They ought to talk to their lawyer.
They ought to talk to their lawyers.
They outdid each other.
They outlived many of their friends.
They outnumber us three to one.
They outplayed us tonight.
They overcame many inveterate superstitions.
They overcame the enemy.
They overdosed.
They overfilled the bottles.
They overheard that.
They overlooked the warning.
They overpowered Tom.
They overpowered her.
They overpowered him.
They overpowered me.
They overslept and missed their bus.
They overstayed their visas.
They overstepped their authority.
They overtook one another.
They overturned the truck and burnt it.
They overturned the verdict and ordered a new trial.
They owe a huge amount of money on their house.
They owe a lot of money.
They owe me a lot of money.
They owe me two days of work.
They own a big business.
They own a big house.
They own a comic book store.
They own a few properties around town.
They own a grocery store in Kabylie.
They own a lot of land.
They own a yellow sports car.
They own dogs and horses.
They own everything here.
They own large herds of oxen, sheep and camels.
They own nothing, the poor things.
They own the hottest restaurant in town.
They own the local gun shop.
They own their own companies.
They own their own company.
They own this restaurant.
They owned the lot between them.
They packed one suitcase.
They packed their bags and left.
They packed their bags.
They packed their school satchels for the coming day.
They packed their suitcases and left.
They packed their suitcases.
They packed their things and left.
They packed up their belongings.
They padded their resumes.
They paddled down a river, taking in the stunning scenery and the fresh air.
They paid Silya.
They paid a great deal of attention to his words.
They paid a high compliment to the speaker.
They paid all their bills.
They paid attention to her attitude.
They paid attention to their teacher.
They paid attention.
They paid back the money they owed me.
They paid cash.
They paid customs duties.
They paid five dollars for the food.
They paid for it all.
They paid for the food.
They paid for the lessons.
They paid for the tickets.
They paid for the trip to New York.
They paid for their wine, and left the place.
They paid half the money.
They paid him to write a letter to the president.
They paid his words a great deal of attention.
They paid little attention to my words.
They paid me $3,000 a day plus expenses.
They paid me a lot more.
They paid me a lot of money for the motorcycle.
They paid me first.
They paid me five dollars for the bag.
They paid me in kind.
They paid me to keep quiet.
They paid no attention at all to the warning.
They paid no attention to his warnings.
They paid no attention to their safety.
They paid rent during Jordan's illegal occupation of Jerusalem, but stopped paying rent when the land was returned to its original owners.
They paid separately.
They paid someone to do that for them.
They paid the check.
They paid the power bills.
They paid the rent.
They paid the toll.
They paid their bill.
They paid their bills.
They paid their compliment to me.
They paid us each 1,000 yen.
They painted it themselves.
They painted the door green.
They painted the fence green.
They painted the fence.
They painted the house blue.
They painted the wall white.
They painted the wall yellow.
They painted the walls blue yesterday.
They painted the walls.
They painted the window frames yellow.
They painted their bicycles blue.
They painted their house bright yellow.
They painted their room light blue.
They painted their rooms white.
They painted their toenails.
They painted with bold colors.
They panicked when they heard the news.
They parked in their space at the campground and began unloading all of their paraphernalia.
They parked in their usual spot.
They parked in their usual spots.
They parked their cars and got out.
They parked their cars in the driveway.
They parked their cars nearby.
They parked their cars over there.
They parked their cars.
They parted company.
They parted ways with Dad in 2015.
They parted ways.
They parted with a firm handshake.
They parted, never to see each other again.
They participated in a book giveaway contest.
They participated in a debate competition.
They participated in the debate.
They participated in the national crime prevention initiative.
They participated in the team games.
They partnered up.
They partnered with an accredited organization.
They pass each other on the street every day.
They passed across the border.
They passed all the exams.
They passed an uneasy night.
They passed away and left me.
They passed by her house yesterday.
They passed me by.
They passed notes during class.
They passed notes in class.
They passed on their message using the houses they built.
They passed on their message with the houses they built.
They passed one test, but failed the other.
They passed out at school.
They passed out from fear.
They passed out.
They passed the Cape of Good Hope.
They passed the aisle.
They passed the ball back and forth.
They passed the final.
They passed the hat round to raise funds for the new sports centre.
They passed the time playing board games.
They passed through customs in São Paulo.
They passed through the village where Yanni lives without stopping.
They passed time by playing cards.
They pat their dogs on their heads.
They patrolled the district.
They paused to catch their breaths.
They paused.
They pawned the jewelry that they'd stolen.
They pawned the jewelry they'd stolen.
They pawned their wedding rings.
They pay Tom a lot to do that.
They pay Tom well.
They pay by cheque.
They pay her well.
They pay him well.
They pay little attention to him.
They pay me a lot to do that.
They pay me well to do this.
They pay more.
They pay the rent.
They pay them €500 every week.
They pay us for our work.
They pay well.
They pay you well.
They pedaled fast to keep up with the car.
They peeked through the door.
They peeled the loquats.
They peered inside.
They penned the dogs.
They pepper-sprayed the journalists.
They pepper-sprayed the reporters.
They perform at Theatro Dom Pedro II all week.
They perform experiments on insects.
They perform in a band.
They perform in small venues around town.
They performed a few concerts.
They performed at the local theater.
They performed for the neighbors on the balcony.
They perished from hunger.
They perjured themselves.
They perked up when they heard Skura's voice.
They permitted each other to live in peace.
They permitted us to enter their home.
They perpetually leave the doors of their dwellings open for us.
They perpetually reminisce about him.
They pestered him with questions.
They petted the dog.
They phone each other.
They phoned the police.
They phoned their lawyers.
They phoned to say they were on their way.
They phoned.
They pick the same thing every year.
They picked Rima up from the airport.
They picked Tom's argument to pieces.
They picked apples from the trees.
They picked dozens of pears.
They picked fruit from the tree.
They picked out the best two works.
They picked the flowers yesterday.
They picked the kids up from school every day.
They picked the medlars.
They picked the right doctor.
They picked their bags up and left.
They picked their books up.
They picked their keys up.
They picked their mail up.
They picked up Mina.
They picked up the old papers.
They picked up the pace.
They picked up their bags and left.
They picked up their books.
They picked up their keys.
They picked up their mail.
They piled up in the subway.
They pinched my bike from the museum.
They pined with grief and felt a longing which they could not describe.
They pinned the theft on Tom.
They piss me off.
They pissed me off.
They pitched their tent next to mine.
They pitched their tent on the beach.
They pitched their tents next to mine.
They pitched their tents on the beach.
They place themselves in the vicinity of other larger companies.
They placed a block on my card and I couldn't withdraw funds.
They placed flowers on the branch.
They placed me in second position.
They plan on doing that by themselves.
They plan on going by themselves.
They plan on playing Monday.
They plan the organization's future growth.
They plan to appeal their convictions.
They plan to cube cheese for the kebabs.
They plan to do away with most of these regulations.
They plan to do that by themselves.
They plan to evacuate all nonessential personnel from the embassy.
They plan to get married tomorrow.
They plan to go by themselves.
They plan to go home by themselves.
They plan to go on undeterred, no matter what.
They plan to go there by themselves.
They plan to have a party.
They plan to level the old building soon.
They plan to liberalize the immigration rules.
They plan to melt the cheese for the dip.
They plan to move next year.
They plan to play on Monday.
They plan to retire when they're 65.
They plan to sell their house.
They plan to sell their houses.
They plan to tour Europe next summer.
They planned a mission to Mars.
They planned a trip without considering him.
They planned it beforehand.
They planned on beaching the ship on an island.
They planned on going by themselves.
They planned their first vacation.
They planned to do that by themselves.
They planned to get together here at 7 o'clock.
They planned to go by themselves.
They planned to kill Tom.
They planned to leave that day.
They planned to smother the flames quickly to prevent further damage.
They planted a tree.
They planted apple trees.
They planted bombs outside our homes.
They planted corn in the field.
They planted cotton on a small piece of land, raised it, gathered it, and removed the seeds by hand, and having obtained a card, spinning wheel, and loom, my late grandmother would draw out the cotton and spin it into rolls.
They planted flowers along the path.
They planted flowers in the garden.
They planted heathers.
They planted these trees.
They planted trees to help the environment.
They planted trees.
They play Algerian music all the time.
They play Monopoly with real money.
They play Russian roulette.
They play a blend of traditional country and folk music with indie rock influences.
They play a lot together.
They play alone.
They play badminton here often.
They play ball in the park every afternoon.
They play basketball.
They play bingo.
They play bridge every free moment.
They play chess.
They play every evening.
They play every night.
They play favorites without any shame.
They play football after school.
They play football.
They play in the afternoon.
They play soccer.
They play tennis as often as they can.
They play the guitar very well.
They play the piano.
They play together a lot.
They played Silya.
They played a board game.
They played a game of Chinese whispers.
They played a joke on their friend.
They played a short round of blackjack before leaving the casino.
They played all day.
They played alone.
They played baseball.
They played basketball.
They played chess.
They played classical music.
They played fantastically.
They played fetch with the dog.
They played football together.
They played football.
They played games.
They played guitar and accordion.
They played guitar in the garage.
They played hide-and-seek.
They played in the climbing gym.
They played in those woods many times.
They played inside Gabor's treehouse.
They played jokes on their friends.
They played jump rope during recess.
They played miniature golf.
They played music.
They played on the jungle gym.
They played on their college team.
They played on their college teams.
They played outside all the time.
They played poker till midnight.
They played poker until midnight.
They played poker.
They played quite a few Ella Fitzgerald songs.
They played relaxing music on YouTube.
They played so badly it doesn't even deserve a comment.
They played soccer in the backyard all day long.
They played soccer together.
They played soccer.
They played some music.
They played strip poker.
They played table tennis together.
They played tag in the park.
They played tag.
They played the banjo.
They played their violins.
They played this song during my French class.
They played video games.
They played with Walid's toys.
They played with dolls.
They played with the poney on the farm.
They played with their cats.
They played with their children.
They played with their dog.
They played with their dogs.
They played with their kids.
They played.
They pleaded for their lives.
They pledged their continued support.
They pledged their support.
They plied me with questions.
They plotted against the government.
They plotted against us.
They plowed the field.
They plunder, they slaughter, and they steal: this they falsely name Empire, and where they make a wasteland, they call it peace.
They plunged to their death.
They pocketed all the money they said they had donated to good causes.
They pointed down at their shoes.
They pointed to the bathtub.
They poisoned Mina.
They poisoned themselves.
They poke their nose into everything.
They poked fun at some of his films.
They pose questions directly to the President.
They posed for a group photo.
They posed for a picture in front of the castle.
They possess dignity.
They possess no dignity.
They possess nothing, the unfortunate ones.
They possess the power of invisibility.
They possibly did not feel welcome.
They posted a video on Facebook showing a weather observer emptying a pitcher of boiling water into the air, where it immediately turned to snow in the frigid, hurricane-force winds.
They posted comments.
They posted the video.
They pounded their fists on their desks.
They pour them to you.
They poured coffee into large mugs.
They poured cold water over their heads.
They poured hot water on his genitals.
They poured milk on their cereal.
They poured more wine into their glasses.
They poured some cold water into their goblets.
They poured themselves drinks.
They poured themselves glasses of milk.
They poured themselves glasses of water.
They poured themselves glasses of wine.
They poured themselves some cereal.
They poured themselves some milk.
They poured themselves some water.
They poured themselves some whiskey.
They poured water over themselves.
They practically fed him on music.
They practice Islam with paganistic elements.
They practice for hours each day.
They practice masonism.
They practice new songs for the tour.
They practice what they preach.
They practice yoga daily.
They practiced their scales all day.
They practise seven days a week.
They praise the boy, his glowing looks divine, / the words he feigned, the royal gifts he brought, / the robe, the saffron veil with bright acanthus wrought.
They praised her for her leadership skills.
They pray every day.
They pray the fajr prayer.
They prayed asr.
They prayed in the garage.
They prayed in the morning and in the evening.
They prayed in various mosques.
They prayed that their children would forgive them.
They prayed that their daughters would forgive them.
They prayed that their father would forgive them.
They prayed that their mother would forgive them.
They prayed together.
They preceded each other.
They precisely translated the following sentence:
They predicted it.
They predicted their own deaths.
They prefer a hotel that is close to the airport.
They prefer a window seat.
They prefer black coffee with no cream.
They prefer blue over other colors.
They prefer green apples.
They prefer lesbianism.
They prefer masculine women.
They prefer meagerness and hunger to abundance and riches.
They prefer meat to vegetables.
They prefer patients who can't talk.
They prefer rice.
They prefer tea to coffee.
They prefer the shadows rather than the spotlight.
They prefer the stairs to the lift.
They prefer to do that by themselves.
They prefer to do that on their own.
They prefer to stay.
They prefer to study dead languages.
They prefer to text than to talk on the phone.
They prefer to use the stairs rather than take the lift.
They prefer to use the stairs rather than to take the lift.
They prefer using the stairs to taking the lift.
They prefer whole-grain cereals.
They preferred blue pens for writing.
They preferred soft colors.
They preferred to live under Muslim rule.
They prepare a presentation for the team.
They prepare themselves.
They prepared couscous with meat for us.
They prepared dinner by themselves.
They prepared dinner.
They prepared everything else.
They prepared for a gunfight.
They prepared for an uncertain future.
They prepared for the invasion.
They prepared for the long ride ahead.
They prepared for the spacewalk.
They prepared for the worst.
They prepared for underwater research.
They prepared provisions for us for the journey.
They prepared the buns for the picnic.
They prepared the drugs.
They prepared the scene.
They prepared themselves for the worst.
They prepared to go abroad.
They prepared to shoot their rifles.
They presented Tom with a gold watch.
They presented a laundry list of arguments about how he is trying to fool consumers.
They presented the singer with a bouquet of roses.
They presented the story.
They press down upon the sea and stir it up from the lowest depths, East and South and Southwest winds as one, thick with tempests, they roll the vast waves to the shores. There follows the shouting of men and the shrieking of ropes.
They pressed against the wall.
They pressed charges.
They pressed me against the wall.
They pressed play.
They pressed the buttons.
They pressed themselves against the wall.
They pretend not to hear us.
They pretend to be man and wife.
They pretend to be medics, but in reality they are simply ambulance chasers.
They pretend to be sanctimonious but, in fact, they are hypocrite and despicable.
They pretend to pay and we pretend to work.
They pretend to pay, we pretend to work.
They pretended ignorance.
They pretended that they didn't care.
They pretended that they didn't hear me.
They pretended that they didn't know me.
They pretended that they didn't see it.
They pretended that they were doctors.
They pretended that they were married.
They pretended that they were sick.
They pretended they didn't care.
They pretended they didn't know me.
They pretended they didn't see it.
They pretended they had guns.
They pretended they were afraid.
They pretended they were asleep.
They pretended they were doctors.
They pretended they were sick.
They pretended they were sleeping.
They pretended they were still asleep.
They pretended they weren't there.
They pretended to be Tom's friends.
They pretty much keep to themselves.
They pretty much kept to themselves.
They printed a hundred copies of the book.
They printed all the checks.
They prioritize their relationship in every decision.
They probably aren't in their offices.
They probably did that by themselves.
They probably didn't hear you.
They probably don't know anything about it.
They probably don't know.
They probably dye their hair.
They probably felt sorry for me.
They probably found out about what happened.
They probably had an accident.
They probably hate me, too.
They probably know I don't like them.
They probably know.
They probably missed their train.
They probably saw our ship come into port.
They probably shouldn't be eating that food.
They probably thought that you were not one of us.
They probably walked home by themselves.
They probably want to sue for peace.
They probably won't do what we ask.
They probably won't like my present.
They probably won't make that mistake again.
They probably wouldn't sue us over such a minor mistake, but we might as well double-check the contract.
They produce latex.
They produced a new drug.
They produced a state of poverty heretofore unheard of in England.
They professed their undying love for each other.
They profit from suffering.
They profit from this situation.
They profited from one another.
They promise to reimburse any work-related expenses.
They promise us the moon, but I suspect we can wait for the fulfillment of those promises till hell freezes over.
They promised Mary that she'd be paid $30 an hour.
They promised Tom he'd be paid $30 an hour.
They promised Tom that he'd be paid $30 an hour.
They promised changes.
They promised him he'd make fortunes off of his penny stocks.
They promised him he’d make fortunes off of his penny stocks.
They promised me everything.
They promised me that they wouldn't be late.
They promised me that they wouldn't cry.
They promised me that they wouldn't do that.
They promised me that they'd be here.
They promised me that they'd clean my room.
They promised me that they'd come back.
They promised me that they'd come early.
They promised me that they'd come.
They promised me that they'd do it.
They promised me that they'd do that for me.
They promised me that they'd do that for us.
They promised me that they'd do that today.
They promised me that they'd do that.
They promised me that they'd help.
They promised me that they'd pay their debts.
They promised me that they'd study French.
They promised me that they'd win.
They promised me they wouldn't be late.
They promised me they wouldn't cry.
They promised me they wouldn't do that.
They promised me they'd be here.
They promised me they'd clean my room.
They promised me they'd clean their rooms.
They promised me they'd come back.
They promised me they'd come early.
They promised me they'd come.
They promised me they'd do it.
They promised me they'd do that for me.
They promised me they'd do that for us.
They promised me they'd do that today.
They promised me they'd do that.
They promised me they'd help.
They promised me they'd pay their debts.
They promised me they'd study French.
They promised me they'd win.
They promised not to go on strike during the conference.
They promised not to hurt Tom.
They promised paradise.
They promised that they won't do that again.
They promised that they won't do that here.
They promised that they won't do that today.
They promised that they won't do that.
They promised that they won't hurt Tom.
They promised that they would be there.
They promised that they would do that.
They promised that they wouldn't be late again.
They promised that they wouldn't be late.
They promised that they wouldn't cry.
They promised that they wouldn't do that.
They promised that they wouldn't hurt Tom.
They promised that they wouldn't leave town.
They promised that they'd be back soon.
They promised that they'd be here on Monday.
They promised that they'd be more careful the next time.
They promised that they'd be more careful.
They promised that they'd be on time.
They promised that they'd be there.
They promised that they'd call.
They promised that they'd check on it.
They promised that they'd come.
They promised that they'd do that for me.
They promised that they'd do that for us.
They promised that they'd do that this week.
They promised that they'd do that tomorrow.
They promised that they'd do that.
They promised that they'd go straight home.
They promised that they'd help us on Monday.
They promised that they'd help us.
They promised that they'd help.
They promised that they'd keep in touch.
They promised that they'd quit smoking.
They promised that they'd sing.
They promised that they'd speak French.
They promised that they'd take care of that.
They promised that they'd tell us.
They promised that they'd wait for us.
They promised that they'd wait.
They promised that they'd win.
They promised they won't do that again.
They promised they won't do that here.
They promised they won't do that today.
They promised they won't do that.
They promised they would be there.
They promised they would do that.
They promised they wouldn't be late again.
They promised they wouldn't be late.
They promised they wouldn't cry.
They promised they wouldn't do that.
They promised they wouldn't leave town.
They promised they'd be back soon.
They promised they'd be here on Monday.
They promised they'd be more careful the next time.
They promised they'd be more careful.
They promised they'd be on time.
They promised they'd be there.
They promised they'd call.
They promised they'd check on it.
They promised they'd clean their rooms.
They promised they'd come.
They promised they'd do that for me.
They promised they'd do that for us.
They promised they'd do that this week.
They promised they'd do that tomorrow.
They promised they'd do that.
They promised they'd do their best.
They promised they'd go straight home.
They promised they'd help us on Monday.
They promised they'd help us.
They promised they'd help.
They promised they'd keep in touch.
They promised they'd quit smoking.
They promised they'd sing.
They promised they'd speak French.
They promised they'd take care of that.
They promised they'd tell us.
They promised they'd wait for us.
They promised they'd wait.
They promised they'd win.
They promised to clean their rooms.
They promised to come, but they didn't.
They promised to do everything they could to help Mom.
They promised to do that.
They promised to do their best.
They promised to give a thousand pieces per month.
They promised to stay in their rooms.
They promised to stop their demonstrations.
They promised to take care of everything, but they ended up letting us down.
They promised us freedom.
They promised you that, didn't they?
They promised.
They promote authoritarian leaders, and they fan the flames of political violence that are a threat to our personal rights, to the pursuit of justice, to the rule of law, to the very soul of this country.
They promote peaceful dialogue.
They propped the door open.
They protected Skura.
They protected them.
They protected themselves from the sun.
They proved to be exceedingly popular.
They provide escorts.
They provide value for money.
They provide wide-beam illumination, lighting a small room or an area in a clinic.
They provided care during the emergency at the hospital.
They provided food for the war victims.
They provided support.
They provided us with valuable feedback on our performance.
They publish their findings.
They published a book on history.
They published the first study linking airborne plastic fragments and fibers to climate change Wednesday.
They pulled in more money.
They pulled my tooth a week ago.
They pulled off their gloves.
They pulled off their shoes.
They pulled off their socks.
They pulled off their wigs.
They pulled out the nails.
They pulled out their checkbooks.
They pulled over.
They pulled the bike out of the mud.
They pulled the door open.
They pulled the door shut behind them.
They pulled the masks off their faces.
They pulled the tablecloth.
They pulled their boat onto the beach.
They pulled their boat up onto the beach.
They pulled their glove off.
They pulled their socks off.
They pulled their wigs off.
They pulled through.
They pulled you out of there.
They punched their time card.
They purchased a house in a forest because they love nature.
They purchased a shotgun.
They purchased medicine.
They purposely don't oil the door hinges here for security reasons.
They pursued the enemy as far as the river.
They push boundaries in their field.
They push each other to be better.
They push each other to new heights.
They push for creative solutions.
They push the limits of possibility.
They push themselves beyond comfort zones.
They pushed Tom forward.
They pushed away their plates.
They pushed back the attackers.
They pushed her aside.
They pushed him aside.
They pushed him out of the window.
They pushed his body off the bridge and into the water.
They pushed on the window.
They pushed the car down the hill.
They pushed the door hard.
They pushed the door open.
They pushed the gate.
They pushed the guest list to 200 people.
They pushed the gurney down the hall.
They pushed the limits of exploration.
They pushed their plates away.
They pushed them away.
They put Grandma to bed.
They put Mennad in this room.
They put Skura up for adoption.
They put Tom in a sensory deprivation tank.
They put Tom in a straitjacket.
They put Tom in jail.
They put a bandage on his head.
They put a bounty on Tom's head.
They put a cast on my arm.
They put a catheter in Tom.
They put a coat of paint on the chair.
They put a fence around the garden.
They put a flea collar on their dog.
They put a gag on Tom.
They put a gravestone at the head of the grave overlooking the harbour.
They put a knife to my throat and robbed me.
They put a network in place that covers the entire building.
They put a price on his head.
They put a spoke in his wheel.
They put all the blame on Tom.
They put all the boys together.
They put all their money in the safe.
They put all their stuff in a box.
They put all their stuff in boxes.
They put an end to the conversation.
They put away their clothes.
They put away their notebooks.
They put away their phones.
They put clean sheets on their beds.
They put down the boxes they were holding.
They put down their books.
They put down their coffee cups.
They put down their drinks.
They put down their forks.
They put down their glasses of wine.
They put down their glasses.
They put down their paintbrushes.
They put down their pencils.
They put down their pens.
They put down their spoons.
They put down their suitcases.
They put forward the idea that "a war will break out."
They put handcuffs on us.
They put her in a difficult situation.
They put her in a straitjacket.
They put him in a straitjacket.
They put him in charge when he is incapable of doing so.
They put him in jail for being a thief.
They put him in jail.
They put him in this clinic after he said he was hearing voices.
They put honey in their tea.
They put it in the box.
They put it on the table for us.
They put me in a difficult situation.
They put me in charge.
They put me in jail.
They put me on hold.
They put milk in their coffee.
They put new locks on all their doors.
They put off their departure due to the heavy snow.
They put on a great show.
They put on a show to entertain their teachers.
They put on a spectactular show.
They put on an incredible show.
They put on makeup every morning.
They put on their bathing suits.
They put on their boots.
They put on their clothes.
They put on their coats and gloves.
They put on their coats and left.
They put on their coats and went out.
They put on their coats.
They put on their glasses.
They put on their gloves.
They put on their goggles.
They put on their hats and left.
They put on their hats and went outside.
They put on their hats.
They put on their headphones.
They put on their helmets.
They put on their ice skates.
They put on their jackets and went out.
They put on their jackets.
They put on their new shoes.
They put on their overcoats.
They put on their pajamas.
They put on their raincoats.
They put on their robes.
They put on their roller skates.
They put on their rubber gloves.
They put on their seatbelts.
They put on their shoes.
They put on their skis.
They put on their slippers.
They put on their snow boots.
They put on their snowshoes.
They put on their socks.
They put on their sunglasses.
They put on their sweaters.
They put on their swimsuits.
They put on their wetsuits.
They put on those glasses.
They put out a lot of content.
They put out their hands.
They put questions directly to the President.
They put rubber bands in my braces.
They put salt in his tea just for a laugh but he didn’t find it funny.
They put salt in his tea just for a laugh, but he didn't find it funny.
They put salt on their eggs.
They put some salad on their plates.
They put something in their mouths.
They put sugar in their coffee.
They put the bags on the floor.
They put the bill on.
They put the blame on me.
They put the books on the chair.
They put the child in the incubator.
They put the coins away.
They put the fire out.
They put the lamp on the bedside table.
They put the lamp on the nightstand.
They put the plan in motion.
They put the software on their computer.
They put the suitcases into their car.
They put the suitcases into their cars.
They put their backpacks on the table.
They put their bags on the counter.
They put their bags under the table.
They put their bathing suits on.
They put their books down.
They put their books in their bags.
They put their books in their locker.
They put their boots back on.
They put their boots on.
They put their caps back on.
They put their clothes back on.
They put their clothes in their suitcases.
They put their clothes on.
They put their coats back on.
They put their coats on and left.
They put their coats on.
They put their coffee cups down.
They put their cups down on the counter.
They put their cups down on the table.
They put their drinks down.
They put their feet up on their desks.
They put their fingers to their lips.
They put their forks down.
They put their glasses back on.
They put their glasses down.
They put their glasses of wine down.
They put their glasses on.
They put their gloves back on.
They put their gloves on.
They put their goggles back on.
They put their goggles on.
They put their hands in the air.
They put their hands on their hips.
They put their hands on their knees.
They put their hands out.
They put their hands over their ears.
They put their hands over their mouth.
They put their hands over their mouths.
They put their hands up.
They put their hats back on and left.
They put their hats back on.
They put their hats on and left.
They put their hats on and went outside.
They put their hats on the table.
They put their hats on.
They put their headphones back on.
They put their headphones on.
They put their heads down on the table.
They put their heads down.
They put their heads out the window.
They put their helmets back on.
They put their helmets on.
They put their house on the market.
They put their house up for sale.
They put their houses up for sale.
They put their ice skates on.
They put their jackets back on.
They put their jackets on and went out.
They put their jackets on.
They put their keys in their pockets.
They put their keys into their pockets.
They put their keys on the table.
They put their lunch trays on the table.
They put their money in a shoe box.
They put their money in the bank.
They put their new shoes on.
They put their notebooks away.
They put their overcoats on.
They put their paintbrushes down.
They put their passports in their pockets.
They put their pencils down.
They put their pens down.
They put their phones away.
They put their phones in their pockets.
They put their phones on the ground.
They put their rackets on the ground.
They put their raincoats on.
They put their robes on.
They put their roller skates on.
They put their rubber gloves on.
They put their seatbelts back on.
They put their seatbelts on.
They put their shoes back on.
They put their shoes on the shoe rack.
They put their shoes on.
They put their skis on.
They put their slippers on.
They put their sneakers in their bags.
They put their snow boots on.
They put their snowshoes on.
They put their socks on.
They put their son up for adoption.
They put their spoons down.
They put their sunglasses back on.
They put their sunglasses on.
They put their sweaters on.
They put their swimsuits on.
They put their things into a box.
They put their things into boxes.
They put their trust in you.
They put their two children's names down for school.
They put their wetsuits on.
They put themselves in trouble.
They put this case on the shelf.
They put too much sugar in their tea.
They put up a new website.
They put up a sign to deter trespassers.
They put up a tent on public ground.
They put up their umbrellas.
They put up with muscle pain.
They put us in a difficult situation.
They put words in my mouth.
They put you up to this, didn't they?
They quarreled among themselves.
They quarreled as to which was easier, French or German.
They quarreled with one another.
They quarreled.
They quarrelled about whether French or German was the easier language.
They quarrelled.
They quenched the thirst of love, and their hearts drank.
They quenched their thirst at the mountain fountain.
They question the purpose of existence.
They question your ability to lead.
They questioned him.
They questioned the meaning of exploration.
They queued for the bus.
They quickly assessed her condition and nodded.
They quickly became best friends.
They quickly became close friends.
They quickly became close.
They quickly captured much of the Chinese coast.
They quickly climbed the tree.
They quickly made themselves sandwiches.
They quickly put on their clothes.
They quickly put out the fire.
They quickly put their clothes on.
They quickly ran down the hallway.
They quickly ran.
They quickly vanished.
They quickly walked down the hallway.
They quietly asked to be served.
They quietly left the room.
They quietly whispered secrets to each other.
They quit hard drugs.
They quit smoking.
They quit their job.
They quit their jobs last month.
They quit their jobs last week.
They quit their jobs yesterday.
They quit.
They racked their brains.
They radioed us to say that they were under attack.
They raise Arabian horses.
They raise prices to the maximum.
They raise their children in poverty.
They raise their songbirds on a caterpillar diet.
They raise their wooden pints and they yoik and sing. And they fight and dance till the morning.
They raised a beautiful rabbit.
They raised five kids.
They raised him for me in Kabylia.
They raised me.
They raised the alarm.
They raised their glasses and toasted to their success.
They raised their glasses to their lips.
They raised their hands.
They raised their right hands.
They raised their voices.
They raised this kid and seven others.
They rake the sand to make it look like paradise.
They ran Tom out of the country.
They ran a red light.
They ran across the field.
They ran across the sand towards the sea.
They ran after Skura.
They ran after their dog.
They ran after their dogs.
They ran after us.
They ran as fast as possible to the police station.
They ran as fast as they were able to.
They ran as quickly as they could.
They ran away from home.
They ran away from school.
They ran away from them.
They ran away from you.
They ran away in tears.
They ran away to the airport.
They ran away with the money.
They ran away.
They ran back inside.
They ran back into their apartment.
They ran back into their apartments.
They ran back to their car.
They ran back to their cars.
They ran back to their rooms.
They ran back upstairs.
They ran down the hall.
They ran down the hill.
They ran down the stairs.
They ran downstairs.
They ran faster.
They ran for cover.
They ran for it.
They ran for mayor.
They ran for the door.
They ran hard.
They ran home as fast as they could.
They ran home.
They ran into Mary on the way to school.
They ran into debt.
They ran into the garden to save themselves from those blood-thirsty hounds.
They ran into the room.
They ran into trouble.
They ran naked in the park.
They ran out into the street.
They ran out of fuel in the middle of the Pacific.
They ran out of gas on their way here.
They ran out of gas.
They ran out of money.
They ran out of options.
They ran out of soda so I got you a flavored water.
They ran out of the pool.
They ran out of time.
They ran out of water.
They ran out.
They ran outside.
They ran past Skura.
They ran past Tom.
They ran past her.
They ran past him.
They ran straight into Dad.
They ran through the inheritance.
They ran through the streets naked.
They ran to Guendoul.
They ran to ahenif.
They ran to at isma'il.
They ran to fetch the doctor.
They ran to school.
They ran to the hospital.
They ran to the scene.
They ran to their car and got in.
They ran to their car.
They ran to their cars and got in.
They ran to their cars.
They ran towards us.
They ran until they reached the school parking lot.
They ran until they were breathless.
They ran up the stairs.
They ran upstairs.
They ran.
They rang the alarm to start a new drill.
They rang.
They ranked me second.
They ransacked our bedroom.
They raped every woman.
They raped her.
They raped him.
They rarely do that by themselves.
They rarely eat with their families.
They rarely ever wake up this early.
They rarely every talk about the Berber language.
They rarely go out.
They rarely go there.
They rarely spoke of the labour problem at their workplace.
They rarely talk about their problems.
They rarely talk about their work.
They rarely talk about themselves.
They rarely use their phones.
They ravaged the countryside, obliterating everything in their path.
They reached a consensus.
They reached a fair compromise.
They reached a peaceful solution.
They reached an understanding.
They reached into their coat pockets.
They reached into their coats pocket.
They reached school at eight.
They reached the canyon just before sunset.
They reached the castle in safety, amid a thousand joyous acclamations.
They reached the crest.
They reached the mountain proper.
They reached the riverbank by dawn.
They reached the school parking lot.
They reached the summit at dawn.
They reached the summit at exactly 5 o'clock.
They reached the top of the hill.
They reached the top of the mountain at 5 o'clock precisely.
They reached the top of the stairs.
They reached the village.
They reached their destination.
They reached their goal.
They reacted with exuberant cheers.
They read a book.
They read a comic book.
They read a newspaper.
They read about Islam.
They read adventure books.
They read all the time.
They read books about Islam.
They read books at the café.
They read her book.
They read newspapers and books.
They read the Quran day and night.
They read the Quran.
They read the book.
They read the contract.
They read the hieroglyphs.
They read the replies.
They read the signs.
They read too many spy novels.
They read.
They readied our supplies for the trip.
They realise their mistakes.
They realize existence is difficult.
They realize that they're being ignored.
They realize they're being ignored.
They realize they've made a mistake.
They realize what they've done.
They realized Mom's worth.
They realized early on.
They realized that they couldn't do that.
They realized that they couldn't talk.
They realized that they had no choice.
They realized that they had to do that.
They realized that they had to leave.
They realized that they might be late.
They realized that they might die.
They realized that they needed to do that.
They realized that they ought to do that.
They realized that they should do that.
They realized that they shouldn't do that.
They realized that they were drowning.
They realized that they were dying.
They realized that they were on their own.
They realized that they were trapped.
They realized that they were wrong.
They realized that they'd been unreasonable.
They realized that they'd said way too much.
They realized they couldn't do that.
They realized they couldn't talk.
They realized they had made a mistake.
They realized they had no choice.
They realized they had to do that.
They realized they had to leave.
They realized they might be late.
They realized they might die.
They realized they needed to do that.
They realized they ought to do that.
They realized they should do that.
They realized they shouldn't do that.
They realized they were alone.
They realized they were being followed.
They realized they were going to die.
They realized they were in deep trouble.
They realized they were in trouble.
They realized they were trapped.
They realized they were wrong.
They realized they weren't alone.
They realized they'd been unreasonable.
They realized they'd made a mistake.
They realized they'd said way too much.
They realized what they had to do.
They really angered Dad.
They really are at loggerheads.
They really are good, aren't they?
They really are stupid, aren't they?
They really are wise.
They really came out of the woodwork after that.
They really did it.
They really did win.
They really don't know what they're doing.
They really don't like the rules.
They really don't take it seriously enough.
They really enjoy nap time.
They really enjoy their jobs.
They really enjoyed the class.
They really enjoyed their meal.
They really got to know their students.
They really hate each other.
They really have got a problem now.
They really hurt themselves.
They really know how to throw a party!
They really know their stuff.
They really know what they're doing.
They really let themselves go.
They really like him.
They really like their cars.
They really like their jobs.
They really like their new jobs.
They really liked that cozy house.
They really loved each other.
They really loved me.
They really miss their families.
They really need a new car.
They really need to work on that.
They really put on quite a show.
They really scared you, didn't they?
They really seem to dislike spinach.
They really seemed to enjoy themselves.
They really should be in their rooms.
They really sing very badly!
They really slept on the floor.
They really thought of that on their own.
They really took advantage of you.
They really used you.
They really want to keep their jobs.
They really want to know what happened.
They really want to learn Berber.
They really wanted to know what happened.
They really wanted to make it happen.
They rear cattle and horses.
They rear their children in destitution.
They reassured Mina.
They rebooked the reservation.
They recalled all that occurred.
They recalled him.
They recalled the past events.
They recalled when he came through the village.
They receive an allowance every month which is €247.32.
They receive him well.
They received a box of books.
They received a dollar each.
They received a letter from Silya.
They received a message requesting Ziri's body be released.
They received a positive response.
They received a windfall as recompense for false imprisonment, but it doesn't even begin to make up for lost time.
They received the guests.
They received their doctorates in 2013.
They recently dyed their hair red.
They recently jacked the prices up.
They recently started school.
They recited a few verses of the Quran.
They recited a poem in Italian.
They recited a prayer.
They recited beautiful poems in Arabic.
They recited the Quran.
They recognized Mina.
They recognized Tom.
They recognized each other.
They recognized her.
They recognized him.
They recognized our efforts and praised us for our hard work.
They recognized the new government.
They recognized the voice.
They recognized you.
They recommend that the image should be stored in the CMYK color profile and then uploaded.
They recommended Tom to me.
They recommended the café to their friends.
They reconciled and became friends again.
They reconciled us when we argued.
They reconsidered their decision.
They recorded a live performance.
They recorded that.
They recorded the entire session.
They recorded the first album in 2018.
They recorded their song.
They recounted the roads to him.
They recovered a bloodstained knife at the scene of the crime.
They recovered from cancer.
They recovered from their illness.
They recovered from their wounds.
They recreated the journey.
They recruited 10 volunteers to donate samples of their skin bacteria, and the volunteers had skin scrapings taken from 20 different locations on their bodies.
They rectified their mistakes.
They recycle batteries for free.
They recycled batteries.
They redoubled their efforts.
They reduced Hegel to half-sheets of paper, suggested profanely various readings for Petronius, speculated without reverence on the darker habits of mankind from Aristotle to the Junior Prior.
They reduced his salary.
They reduced the country to nothing.
They reduced the distance between them.
They reduced the price of the damaged goods by forty per cent.
They refer to God as Allah.
They refer to you as their friends.
They referred to Chaucer as the father of English poetry.
They referred to their notes.
They refilled their coffee cups.
They refilled their coffee mugs.
They refilled their glasses.
They reflect on their experiences.
They reflected on what they'd done.
They refuse to allocate enough funds to buy new ventilators.
They refuse to be silent.
They refuse to believe what is happening to them.
They refuse to bring us along.
They refuse to go into exile.
They refuse to hurry.
They refuse to integrate into society.
They refuse to integrate.
They refuse to learn to write in Kabyle.
They refuse to let me do what I would pay for.
They refuse to listen to my words.
They refuse to negotiate.
They refuse to obey.
They refuse to rest.
They refuse to say they're sorry.
They refuse to tell me the truth.
They refused Tom's help.
They refused my offer to help them.
They refused the food I offered them.
They refused to accept the pay raise.
They refused to admit that they'd done that.
They refused to admit they were wrong.
They refused to admit they'd done that.
They refused to answer my question.
They refused to answer my questions.
They refused to approve my loan.
They refused to be conscripted.
They refused to be drafted.
They refused to believe it.
They refused to believe what I told them.
They refused to change their minds.
They refused to confess.
They refused to cooperate.
They refused to countenance any suggestion of a power-sharing agreement with a man they deemed a radical.
They refused to disclose the location of the hostages.
They refused to fight.
They refused to give up their way of life.
They refused to go anywhere on foot.
They refused to help her in any way.
They refused to help us.
They refused to join the army.
They refused to let me help them.
They refused to let me in their rooms.
They refused to let me into the building.
They refused to let me join them.
They refused to let the trains move.
They refused to let us go.
They refused to meet Tom.
They refused to obey Tom's orders.
They refused to pay my salary because I forgot to fill out the forms correctly.
They refused to pay their bill.
They refused to pay their bills.
They refused to publish my book.
They refused to release the hostages.
They refused to rest.
They refused to see the error of their ways.
They refused to sign their names.
They refused to surrender.
They refused to talk to Mom for months.
They refused to talk to me in spite of my earnest request.
They refused to tell me what happened.
They refused to tell us what they did.
They refused to think of leaving.
They refused to treat him as a serious candidate.
They refused to wake up from the nap.
They refused.
They regained all the weight that they'd lost.
They regained all the weight they'd lost.
They regained their balance.
They regained their health.
They regaled me on a Chinese banquet.
They regarded him as a good scholar.
They regarded him as a great scholar.
They regarded him as a national hero.
They regarded him as the best doctor in town.
They regarded him as the ringleader of the murder case.
They regarded him as their leader.
They regarded his behavior as childish.
They regarded his behaviour as childish.
They regarded the man as a danger to society.
They regret doing what they did.
They regret not having studied hard at school.
They regret not having valued the days of their youth more.
They regret what they did.
They regretted everything that they'd done.
They regretted everything they'd done.
They regretted lying.
They regretted quitting their jobs.
They regretted what they did.
They regretted what they'd done.
They regularly donate to those in need.
They rehearsed that song again.
They reignited the fire.
They reject learning Kabyle writing.
They reject my advice.
They rejected Islam.
They rejected all our plans.
They rejected my application.
They rejected my proposal.
They rejected our idea.
They rejected our request.
They rejected the idea of coming out of their nap.
They rejected your plan.
They rejoiced in the house.
They rejoiced over the news of our success.
They rejoiced when they heard he was safe.
They relate events after they had taken place.
They relaxed around the campfire.
They relaxed in front of the fire.
They relaxed in the café chairs.
They relaxed on a secluded beach they found by accident.
They relaxed on the beach.
They relaxed.
They released Sami from the hospital.
They released Tom.
They released a new album.
They released a new single last week.
They released all the prisoners.
They released her.
They released him with the stipulation that he should not go out of town until the investigation was complete.
They released him.
They released the giraffes in a national park.
They released the prisoner.
They released their first album last year.
They relied on a get-rich-quick scheme.
They relied on each other for everything.
They reluctantly called Dad.
They reluctantly did as they were told.
They reluctantly did that by themselves.
They reluctantly took their seats.
They reluctantly went by themselves.
They rely on public transport.
They rely on the foodbank.
They rely on us.
They remain optimistic.
They remain steadfast, even as the winds change.
