I am not going to change.
I am not going to deal with this until after the holidays.
I am not going to explain to him anything.
I am not going to grant that request.
I am not going to hate my siblings.
I am not going to join the year-end party tonight.
I am not going to mention the name of the teacher.
I am not going to promote any religion.
I am not going to punish them.
I am not going to remember that.
I am not going to stop you.
I am not going to submit to Tom.
I am not going to sue you.
I am not going to take the bait.
I am not going to take the children to school.
I am not going to take this lying down.
I am not going to the hospital.
I am not going to the picnic, because I don't feel well.
I am not going to the supermarket for peaches, but for chocolate.
I am not going to wait until Tom expresses himself.
I am not going to waste my breath.
I am not going to work in Spain.
I am not going to work more today.
I am not going to your wedding.
I am not going, because, among other reasons, I don't have money.
I am not going, because, among other reasons, I don’t have money.
I am not good at German at all.
I am not good at anything.
I am not good at mathematics.
I am not good at maths.
I am not good at sports.
I am not good enough.
I am not good.
I am not guided, I lead.
I am not guided.
I am not guilty and I am not a bad person.
I am not guilty!
I am not happy today.
I am not happy with my job.
I am not happy with myself.
I am not happy.
I am not harassing your clients.
I am not having a washing machine again.
I am not having any of those lies.
I am not having fun.
I am not her brother but boyfriend.
I am not here to make you happy.
I am not here to spread political or religious views with sentences. The sentences I create are purely for informational purposes and may not represent my personal opinions.
I am not homesick.
I am not honest with them.
I am not honest.
I am not hungry.
I am not ill.
I am not impressing them.
I am not in Bangladesh.
I am not in a hurry.
I am not in a position to testify.
I am not in a situation to discuss this problem.
I am not in a state to drink such sweet coffee.
I am not in danger, I am the danger.
I am not in his way.
I am not in love with you.
I am not in the groove today.
I am not in the humor for working hard today.
I am not in the least afraid of dogs.
I am not in the least afraid of his threats.
I am not in the least anxious about it.
I am not in the least concerned about the result.
I am not in the least happy.
I am not in the least interested in such a thing.
I am not in the least interested in the story.
I am not in the least surprised.
I am not in the least worried about it.
I am not in the mood to listen to Tom.
I am not in the mood.
I am not insisting on it. If you don't like it, just don't take it.
I am not insisting on it. If you don’t like it, just don’t take it.
I am not insolent towards them.
I am not interested in acquiring wealth.
I am not interested in material gain.
I am not interested in politics at all.
I am not interested in politics.
I am not interested in pursuing wealth.
I am not interested in sex.
I am not interested in sport.
I am not interested in sports.
I am not interested in starting out drama at all.
I am not interested in taking part in a survey: neither now nor in the future.
I am not interested in the pursuit of wealth.
I am not interested in this.
I am not interested, but thank you.
I am not interested.
I am not just saying that.
I am not keen on anything that is after life.
I am not keen on this kind of music.
I am not kidding about this.
I am not kidding.
I am not killing them.
I am not lazy, I am just not in the mood to do it.
I am not leaving you.
I am not leaving.
I am not less than you.
I am not like the other girls.
I am not like you.
I am not liked by this dog.
I am not looking forward to going to university abroad - I will feel intense nostalgia for my home town.
I am not made for politics.
I am not making an impression on them.
I am not making them any gifts.
I am not making them weak.
I am not making up stories to them.
I am not married yet.
I am not married.
I am not mean.
I am not mischievous.
I am not missing the point.
I am not more careful than you are.
I am not more intelligent than him.
I am not most people.
I am not much of a traveller.
I am not musical, but I like to sing in the shower.
I am not myself anymore. I've become a laughable caricature of my deepest self.
I am not myself, my usual self having caught a cold.
I am not myself.
I am not naive.
I am not nice, I am merciful.
I am not ninety years old yet.
I am not now in a position to help you.
I am not obliged to get involved in this.
I am not obsessed with money.
I am not obstinate; I am persistent.
I am not of age.
I am not old.
I am not older than he is.
I am not on call tomorrow.
I am not one bit surprised that Christine Lagarde just got elected the first female French president.
I am not one of them.
I am not one of those who go in for dieting.
I am not one to get bent by life's troubles and by life struggles.
I am not one to give up on my personal life aspirations.
I am not one to join in hatred, but in love.
I am not overly fond of working in teamwork.
I am not overly worried about your own performance in your exams, you seem to have studied hard enough.
I am not particularly fond of Shaw's plays.
I am not particularly fond of Shaw’s plays.
I am not particularly fond of my enemies, and I don't like my friends very much, either.
I am not picking their fruit for them.
I am not pleased with what you have done.
I am not poisoning you.
I am not popular in the country.
I am not pregnant.
I am not prepared to let her get away with that.
I am not pronouncing all the worlds for them.
I am not proud of it.
I am not proud of myself.
I am not proud of that.
I am not proud of this.
I am not proud of you.
I am not pushing.
I am not qualified for this internship.
I am not qualified to perform this kind of work.
I am not qualified.
I am not quite sure how to go about fixing this.
I am not quite sure if we can meet your requirements.
I am not racist.
I am not raising them.
I am not reading this out loud.
I am not ready to be in a serious relationship again.
I am not ready to go to work.
I am not ready yet.
I am not ready.
I am not really a psychiatrist. I cannot fix your psychological problem.
I am not really a speech type of guy, but here goes....
I am not really interested in English. I opine that I have mastered it. I just need it to talk to local Anglophones.
I am not really interested in Native American music. I am rather interested in their languages.
I am not really rich. I am just well-to-do.
I am not related in any way to Hybrid Turkeys­.
I am not religious.
I am not rescuing them.
I am not responsible for his death.
I am not responsible for your students.
I am not responsible to you for my blunder.
I am not responsible.
I am not returning them their money.
I am not rich, and don't wish to be so.
I am not rich, but poor.
I am not rich, fat or happy.
I am not rich, nor do I wish to be.
I am not rich.
I am not romantic at all.
I am not safe.
I am not sanguine that the negotiations will succeed.
I am not satisfied with my performance today.
I am not satisfied with my present lot.
I am not satisfied with pop music.
I am not satisfied with the result at all.
I am not satisfied with this!
I am not satisfied with what I have done.
I am not satisfied with your explanation.
I am not saving her pictures.
I am not saying good-bye.
I am not saying it for my own sake.
I am not scared of burning in hell.
I am not scared of dogs.
I am not scared.
I am not self-sufficient.
I am not serious.
I am not shy.
I am not sick.
I am not sleeping here.
I am not sleepy at all.
I am not sleepy.
I am not so diligent as my brother.
I am not so efficient as I used to be.
I am not so fond of music as you are.
I am not so foolish as to lend him money.
I am not so foolish as to quarrel with my bread and butter.
I am not so happy.
I am not so incredibly comfortable in my skin.
I am not so poor that I cannot send my son to college.
I am not so simple as to believe that.
I am not so stupid as to deny its great beauty.
I am not so tall as my brother, but taller than my father.
I am not someone who can start out drama.
I am not studying now.
I am not studying.
I am not stupid.
I am not such a fool but can appreciate it.
I am not such a person as to be frightened.
I am not superstitious.
I am not supposed to tell anybody.
I am not supposed to tell anyone.
I am not sure I trust that woman.
I am not sure but she may come.
I am not sure how to pronounce the word.
I am not sure if I can do that but I will at least try.
I am not sure if all the robots are so lazy.
I am not sure if this is good or bad.
I am not sure if your guess is exactly right.
I am not sure of winning the game this time.
I am not sure that "to forgive then keep out of sight" is forgiveness at all.
I am not sure that I want to see that.
I am not sure this sound of Azan is coming from which mosque.
I am not sure when he will be back.
I am not sure when he will come next time.
I am not sure when he will come.
I am not sure whether I want that.
I am not sure whether I will be able to come with you.
I am not sure why he asked me that.
I am not sure why she asked me that.
I am not sure why they asked me that.
I am not sure yet if I will go to a university or get a job.
I am not sure, but I think I want to be a teacher.
I am not sure, but I think that I will become a teacher.
I am not sure.
I am not surprised at all.
I am not taking off their shoes.
I am not talking about myself.
I am not taller than he, either.
I am not telling you anything new.
I am not the Christ but I am sent ahead of him.
I am not the captain of the new team.
I am not the child you take me to be. I look like a child; but I am older than Jupiter, aye, older than Chronos himself.
I am not the child you take me to be. I look like a child; but I am older than Saturn, aye, older than Time himself.
I am not the least bit happy with this e-book revolution.
I am not the least bit interested in your sister.
I am not the least bit worried.
I am not the man I was when you knew me first.
I am not the oldest one among us.
I am not the one responsible for the accident.
I am not the one to hold a grudge.
I am not the one who is not talking to him.
I am not the one who put paste on your book.
I am not the one you think I am.
I am not the one.
I am not the person I used to be.
I am not the person who has to answer.
I am not the same man as twenty years ago. I am twenty years older.
I am not thinking of you.
I am not thirsty.
I am not threatening you.
I am not tired.
I am not to blame any more than you are.
I am not too rich, too fat or too happy.
I am not too tired.
I am not trying to appease young people with my writing. You only think so.
I am not tying up their horses.
I am not tying up your horses.
I am not unaware that this is said among the Greeks.
I am not understanding what the author is trying to say.
I am not up on history.
I am not used to a harsh climate as I come from southern countries.
I am not used to being spoken to in that rude way.
I am not used to drinking coffee without sugar.
I am not used to hard work.
I am not used to sitting up late at night.
I am not used to staying up late at night.
I am not used to the job yet.
I am not used to working with somebody like Tom.
I am not very good at backgammon.
I am not very good at sizing people up quickly.
I am not very good at the game of politics.
I am not very musically inclined.
I am not very satisfied with today's performance.
I am not very well.
I am not waiting for anything else!
I am not waiting for this to change.
I am not waiting.
I am not wearing any underwear.
I am not well at all.
I am not well.
I am not what I was ten years ago.
I am not what has happened to me. I am what I decide to become.
I am not who you think I am.
I am not who you think I am; I am not who I think I am; I am who I think you think I am.
I am not wholly convinced that you are right.
I am not widowed.
I am not willing to shed the blood of the innocent to achieve my goal.
I am not without my shortcomings, but these shortcomings can easily be amended.
I am not working for free.
I am not working tomorrow.
I am not working.
I am not worried about it.
I am not worried for them.
I am not worry for him.
I am not worthy of this.
I am not worthy of your friendship.
I am not writing a letter.
I am not writing about myself. Any similarity is purely coincidental.
I am not writing an article.
I am not writing in English. This language is Russian.
I am not yet ready for a new relatioship.
I am not young enough to know everything.
I am not your boss, I am the boss of your boss.
I am not your daughter.
I am not your dog.
I am not your enemy.
I am not your father.
I am not your friend.
I am not your love.
I am not your server.
I am not your slave.
I am not your son.
I am not your toy.
I am not your wife.
I am not.
I am nothing but a liar.
I am nothing but a poor peasant.
I am nothing special. I am just...well...me!
I am nothing to you.
I am nothing without her.
I am nothing without you.
I am nothing.
I am nothing. I shall never be anything. I cannot wish to be anything. Aside from that, I have within me all the dreams of the world.
I am now a member of the local association of renters.
I am now asking myself: why does someone who conceives poems with his head, write them with his feet?
I am now in Ziri’s office.
I am now in a delicate position.
I am now in an old castle.
I am now independent of my father.
I am now learning Esperanto.
I am now old and I cannot manage all things.
I am now on duty.
I am now talking to one of my teachers.
I am now their antagonist.
I am now under a doctor's care.
I am now under a doctor’s care.
I am nuts.
I am objecting for a reason.
I am obliged to leave early to catch my train.
I am obliged to you, Master of Ravenswood, for breaking the ice at once.
I am observing some changes.
I am obsessed with learning Hebrew.
I am obsessed with you.
I am occasionally mistaken for being a woman.
I am occupied with my own affairs.
I am of Algerian descent.
I am of Berber ancestry.
I am of mostly Berber ancestry.
I am of the Muslim faith.
I am of the opinion that everyone acts in their own selfish interests.
I am of the opinion that he is right.
I am of the opinion that he will never come back.
I am of the opinion that he will not accept the proposal.
I am of the opinion that he will succeed.
I am of the opinion that necessity is the mother of invention.
I am of the opinion that she is right.
I am of the opinion that the tax should be abolished.
I am of the opinion that this is the way to do it.
I am of the opinion that you would recognize a creator by his creation, and the world appears to me to be put together in such a painful way that I prefer to believe that it was not created by anyone than to think that somebody created this intentionally.
I am of the same opinion.
I am of two minds about which to choose.
I am off duty today.
I am off duty tomorrow.
I am off today.
I am offended by your blatant disregard for my feelings.
I am offended.
I am often compared to my older brother.
I am often confused with my brother.
I am often contrasted with my brother.
I am often depressed.
I am often in difficulties.
I am often irritated by her selfishness.
I am often late for work.
I am often mistaken for my brother.
I am often mistaken.
I am often the least racist person that anybody is going to meet.
I am okay.
I am old.
I am old. I can't run a lot.
I am older now.
I am older than any other student in my class is.
I am older than he by three years.
I am older than him by 9 days (and 61 years).
I am older than him.
I am older than you.
I am older than your brother.
I am on a business trip.
I am on a diet.
I am on a mission.
I am on board.
I am on duty now.
I am on duty.
I am on good terms with him.
I am on good terms with him. He always keeps his promises and is relied upon by everybody.
I am on good terms with my brother.
I am on holiday this week.
I am on holiday too.
I am on holiday.
I am on it.
I am on medication.
I am on my own here.
I am on my way to one of my favorite places ever!
I am on our high school soccer team.
I am on shift from 9am till 5pm.
I am on speaking terms with Tom.
I am on speaking terms with him.
I am on strike from the 8th to the 12th of December.
I am on the Internet.
I am on the current.
I am on the edge of mysteries and the veil is getting thinner and thinner.
I am on the right.
I am on the road to Berlin.
I am on the roof now.
I am on the search for a house to rent.
I am on the side of democracy.
I am on the third page and I have already gotten bored with this book.
I am on the toilet.
I am on the top of the world now.
I am on vacation.
I am on visiting terms with her.
I am on visiting terms with him.
I am on your side.
I am once again asking for your financial support.
I am one lucky girl to have such wonderful friends, family, and boyfriend.
I am one of the kindest people I know.
I am one of those Israeli Jews who don't consider Palestinian Arabs as enemies.
I am one of those native Berbers of North Africa.
I am one of those who know this feeling only too well.
I am online.
I am only a customer.
I am only a man.
I am only able to speak English.
I am only afraid of the living!
I am only joking.
I am only lying down.
I am only the translator.
I am only too glad to be with you.
I am only too glad to do so.
I am only too glad to hear that all of them are safe and sound in the rescue boat.
I am only too glad to help you with your work.
I am only too happy to know that fact.
I am only too pleased to come with you.
I am only warming up now.
I am only your friend if you want something from me.
I am out of humour.
I am out of my element in math.
I am out of time.
I am out of work.
I am outraged.
I am outside.
I am over forty.
I am over the moon now.
I am over there.
I am overcome by the truth.
I am overcome with fatigue.
I am overjoyed that my friend who visited Germany brought me some newly released Haribo.
I am overjoyed.
I am overwhelmed with extreme joy.
I am packing up my things.
I am paid 10 dollars an hour.
I am paid by the week.
I am paid weekly.
I am painting a workroom.
I am painting my garage.
I am painting that wall red.
I am painting the garage.
I am pansexual.
I am parking my car near the office.
I am part owner of this restaurant.
I am passionate about bee-keeping.
I am passionate about ice cream.
I am passionate about learning other languages.
I am passionate about reading.
I am passionate about technology.
I am passionate about this subject.
I am patiently listening, but I don't feel interested.
I am patting my cat.
I am paying the phone bill.
I am paying with cash.
I am paying with this debit card.
I am peeking at someone.
I am peeling apples.
I am peeling the celery and the potatoes.
I am pegging up my baby's clothes.
I am perfect.
I am perfectly capable of looking after myself.
I am perhaps a bit of a lone wolf.
I am permitted to leave, based on the command of the king.
I am persecuting him.
I am persecuting.
I am persuading Cyrus's brother.
I am persuading him to come.
I am picking apples.
I am pitiful.
I am pitiless.
I am planning a trip to Hawaii next month.
I am planning on a 3-month long trip to Turkey.
I am planning on studying and playing the flute by turns.
I am planning to attend the annual meeting.
I am planning to book my flights to Berlin soon after.
I am planning to call on Mary the day after tomorrow.
I am planning to go to Europe next week.
I am planning to make an overnight trip to Nagoya.
I am planning to meet with Mary next week.
I am planning to take my relationship with you to the next level.
I am planning to visit Kyoto, and Nara as well.
I am planning to wait until evening.
I am planting a tree.
I am planting an orange tree.
I am planting beans in my garden.
I am playing Chopin.
I am playing a browser game.
I am playing a computer game.
I am playing a game with my sister.
I am playing baseball.
I am playing football with my friends.
I am playing guitar.
I am playing in an interregional championship. We have only lost one game so far.
I am playing in the park.
I am playing it safe.
I am playing the guitar now.
I am playing the piano now.
I am playing video games.
I am playing volleyball now.
I am playing with my daughter.
I am playing.
I am pleasantly surprised.
I am pleased at your coming.
I am pleased at your success.
I am pleased that you have passed the exam.
I am pleased to help you if I can.
I am pleased to meet you in Japan.
I am pleased to meet you.
I am pleased to reply your recent letter.
I am pleased to see you again.
I am pleased to see you.
I am pleased to tell you that your work has now been accepted for publication in SM.
I am pleased with his work.
I am pleased with my new house.
I am pleased with myself.
I am pleased with the result.
I am pleased with this vivid portrait in particular.
I am pleased with this watch my father gave me.
I am pleased with your present.
I am plowing my land.
I am plucking the turkey.
I am podding peas.
I am poor at drawing.
I am poor at swimming.
I am poor at tennis.
I am poor, whereas my brothers are very rich.
I am poor.
I am poor. You are rich.
I am positive that he has finished.
I am positive that he is wrong.
I am positive.
I am pouring a cup of tea.
I am powerless.
I am praying in my room.
I am praying the time passes quickly.
I am praying.
I am pregnant and I am bleeding.
I am pregnant.
I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best.
I am prepared for the worst.
I am prepared to abdicate.
I am prepared to put up with it for the time being.
I am prepared.
I am preparing for tomorrow's math exam.
I am preparing to sleep.
I am presently working in the hotel kitchen.
I am pressed for time.
I am pressured by my husband's bad character.
I am prettier than you.
I am pretty pleased with you.
I am pretty sure it is the teacher.
I am pretty sure she'll make it alive.
I am pretty sure.
I am pretty, right?
I am probably due to speak tonight.
I am probably lost.
I am progressing steadily. My efforts are paying off.
I am prohibited from doing that.
I am pronouncing Chinese words.
I am proud all my students have graduated.
I am proud of Tom.
I am proud of being a doctor.
I am proud of being a good son.
I am proud of being related to Hungarians.
I am proud of having accomplished such a task.
I am proud of him being my friend.
I am proud of his honesty.
I am proud of it.
I am proud of my children.
I am proud of my father.
I am proud of my part in the project.
I am proud of my pretty cat.
I am proud of my punctuality.
I am proud of my shoes.
I am proud of my son.
I am proud of myself.
I am proud of never being late for school.
I am proud of that.
I am proud of the job I have got.
I am proud of the work that has been done by my colleagues.
I am proud of you.
I am proud of your attitude.
I am proud to be Brazilian.
I am proud to be a part of this project.
I am proud to be weird.
I am proud to call him my teacher.
I am proud to have you on our team.
I am proud to work with you.
I am pruning the pear trees.
I am pulling my own hair!
I am pulverising a plant.
I am putting in one hundred grams of sugar.
I am putting my baby into the bed.
I am putting my cigarette off.
I am putting my pencils into the drawer.
I am putting on a sweater.
I am putting on my jacket. Wait for me.
I am putting on weight these days.
I am quenched.
I am questioning your location.
I am quiet.
I am quite a stranger here.
I am quite agreeable to the proposal.
I am quite all right now.
I am quite big.
I am quite busy right now.
I am quite clear that it is a fact.
I am quite comfortable in this room.
I am quite comfortable with Berber.
I am quite healthy and have had no cold.
I am quite ignorant of French.
I am quite ignorant of his plan.
I am quite ignorant of the plan.
I am quite ignorant of their plan.
I am quite in agreement with your analysis.
I am quite in the dark as to what she is going to do.
I am quite opposed to the plan.
I am quite pleased with you.
I am quite poor, but I am not a thief.
I am quite puzzled by his reply.
I am quite ready for payment.
I am quite satisfied.
I am quite small.
I am quite tired of daily routine.
I am quite tired of hearing her boast. Doesn't she have anything else to talk about?
I am quite tired of hearing her boasting. She should talk about other things.
I am quite unhappy about it.
I am quite unqualified to teach them.
I am quite willing to do anything for you.
I am quite worried about how resilient the Gulf of Mexico is. She's had some pretty dramatic traumas, and I'm worried how much the ecosystem can actually tolerate.
I am quitting smoking.
I am racking my brain to find a solution to this problem.
I am rapidly losing the ability of immersing myself in activities that I love.
I am rather happy.
I am reaching the climax.
I am reading Persian.
I am reading a book about animals.
I am reading a book in Berber.
I am reading a book in Norwegian.
I am reading a book in Tagalog.
I am reading a book in his room.
I am reading a book in the bedroom.
I am reading a book in the library.
I am reading a book now.
I am reading a book on US history.
I am reading a book on the history of the Americas.
I am reading a book that is interesting.
I am reading a book while I eat.
I am reading a book.
I am reading a comic book.
I am reading a letter.
I am reading a magazine.
I am reading a play.
I am reading an interesting book.
I am reading from my computer.
I am reading his book.
I am reading it.
I am reading short stories.
I am reading some books.
I am reading the book mainly for the language. I'm only taking in the contents along the way.
I am reading the book.
I am reading the label.
I am reading the newspaper in the café.
I am reading this letter.
I am reading this out loud.
I am reading this sentence.
I am reading this.
I am reading very slowly.
I am reading your book.
I am reading.
I am ready for death.
I am ready for the storm.
I am ready to die.
I am ready to die. I hope it's not too uncomfortable.
I am ready to do anything for you.
I am ready to do anything that I can for you, because I owe you a great deal.
I am ready to do anything to help you.
I am ready to do anything to make up for the loss.
I am ready to follow you.
I am ready to give up my position.
I am ready to go with you.
I am ready to help you.
I am ready to leave for the airport.
I am ready to serve you.
I am ready to start.
I am ready.
I am really aggressively looking for a boyfriend.
I am really curious, how do you two know each other?
I am really disappointed.
I am really disgusted by what you have just said about Tom.
I am really embarrassed that the Israeli government did this to your family.
I am really enjoying watching your video.
I am really extremely angry, so I plan to smash things to vent my anger.
I am really fed up with winter.
I am really glad to hear that you want to live in Scotland.
I am really hungry, but fries would be enough.
I am really in the dark on this case.
I am really into soccer.
I am really lazy.
I am really pleased with my new car.
I am really scared of spiders.
I am really sorry to hear that.
I am really sorry, but I seem to have lost your umbrella.
I am really sorry.
I am really tired of living.
I am really worried about a friend.
I am receiving hormone replacement therapy.
I am receiving the order.
I am receiving treatment at the hospital.
I am receiving unemployment benefits.
I am reckless.
I am recruiting drivers.
I am redecorating the office.
I am redecorating.
I am relatively confident that, actually, we're staying up to the piece.
I am relaxing today.
I am relieved that you are safe.
I am relieved.
I am relocating to the village.
I am reluctant to help him.
I am reluctant to tell her the truth.
I am relying on you to be honest.
I am remembering the word.
I am remembering their addresses.
I am repairing the washing machine.
I am repeating the answer.
I am reporting what was reported to me.
I am repulsed by money.
I am required to study well.
I am required to wear a suit and tie to work.
I am resistant to cold.
I am respectful.
I am responsible for her protection.
I am responsible for his conduct.
I am responsible for it, but my friends are not.
I am responsible for my own conduct.
I am responsible for that.
I am responsible for the mistake.
I am responsible for the realisation of this plan.
I am responsible for this failure.
I am responsible for this mistake.
I am resting.
I am retired.
I am returning the letter and the attachments.
I am revising my Chinese lessons.
I am revoking my permission to play on my iPad, Tom.
I am rich, fat and happy.
I am rich.
I am riding a motorcycle.
I am right for once.
I am right-handed.
I am right.
I am rinsing the linen.
I am roaring like a lion.
I am round shouldered.
I am rubber and you are glue. Your words bounce off me and stick to you.
I am rubber, you are glue; whatever you say bounces off me and sticks to you.
I am ruling over the whole world.
I am running a slight fever.
I am running away from the man I love because I am a devout Catholic from Rome. If I stay longer with this man, he will drag my soul to hell; He is godless and deals with the dead and spirits, and God warned him with his voice of thunder.
I am running every day.
I am running in order to catch the train.
I am running short of memory.
I am running short of money.
I am running to the station.
I am running towards Iberbachen.
I am running.
I am ruthless.
I am sad because my cat died.
I am sad since I can not learn all world languages.
I am sad that many languages ​​will disappear.
I am sad to hear it.
I am sad, but there is nothing I can do.
I am safe again.
I am safe here.
I am safe now.
I am safe.
I am satisfied with my job.
I am satisfied with my life in college to a certain extent.
I am satisfied with my salary.
I am satisfied with the result of my math test.
I am satisfied.
I am saving as much as I can.
I am saving money in order to buy a new personal computer.
I am saving money in order to study abroad.
I am saving money to prepare for the worst.
I am saving money.
I am scared of spiders.
I am scared of that.
I am scared of the dark.
I am scared of the results.
I am scared of what I might see.
I am scared something will happen.
I am scared to fall into their hands.
I am scared to write comments on Facebook.
I am scared.
I am scaring the sparrows away.
I am scary.
I am scolding my students, not yours.
I am screaming because I saw a mouse!
I am searching for him, who knows where he has gone astray.
I am searching for my brother.
I am second to none.
I am secretly a god.
I am secretly a goddess.
I am seeing Mary this afternoon.
I am seeing Mr Brown at his office this afternoon.
I am seeing a friend tomorrow.
I am seeing it.
I am seeing my uncle tomorrow.
I am seeing the paint slowly wear off the canvas.
I am seeking a job.
I am seeking a person who can write a personal computer manual.
I am seeking him everywhere, who knows where he has disappeared.
I am seeking the light.
I am seeking the path to the end of the universe.
I am seized by an uncontrollable wave of sadness.
I am seldom at leisure.
I am self-catering.
I am selling a new car.
I am selling my goats.
I am sending a copy of my letter to you.
I am sending him to California.
I am sending the invoice by fax.
I am sending you a birthday present by air mail.
I am sending you a picture of my family.
I am serious about music.
I am serious, and don't call me Shirley.
I am seriously considering coming.
I am seriously wounded.
I am seventeen years old, too.
I am severely injured.
I am sewing my shirt.
I am shaking hands with my worst enemy.
I am shaking salt on my omelette.
I am shaking with cold.
I am shaking.
I am shallow.
I am sharing the exact strategies that I used to transform my blog into a business that makes more than forty thousand dollars per month.
I am sharpening my sword.
I am shattered.
I am shaving in the bathroom.
I am shaving off my beard.
I am she who is responsible for the accident.
I am she whose writings can be seen even by the blind, and whose words can be heard even by the deaf.
I am shearing the ewe.
I am shearing the sheep.
I am shelling eggs.
I am shivering with cold.
I am shocked and appalled at what I have just seen.
I am shocked that a teacher would do this.
I am shooting with a Russian machine-gun.
I am short of money for my trip.
I am short of money.
I am short of pocket money.
I am short of time.
I am short.
I am shorter than he.
I am shorter than him.
I am shorter than you.
I am shouting at my kids.
I am showing my teeth.
I am shy.
I am sick and tired of fast food.
I am sick and tired of hearing you whine.
I am sick and tired of him.
I am sick at heart.
I am sick of his long speech.
I am sick of longing.
I am sick of reading third page news.
I am sick of them all.
I am sick of waiting for my appointment!
I am sick of your behavior.
I am sick of your complaint.
I am sick only now.
I am sick to death of his boasts.
I am sick to death of your complaints.
I am sick with asthma.
I am sick.
I am sickened at the thought of blood.
I am signing my contract.
I am silent.
I am simply helping the way and making the way for more fast-learning for my students and making it easier for them to learn better and faster.
I am simply making the case for more growth injected into the economy.
I am sincere in loving her.
I am sincerely grateful that everyone has gathered today in this year-end rush time.
I am sincerely sorry.
I am singing in Berber.
I am singing in the rain.
I am singing with my children.
I am singing.
I am single.
I am sitting at the table.
I am sitting here.
I am sitting in a row.
I am sitting in a very small chair.
I am sitting in one of Cairo's soccer stadiums.
I am sitting on a wooden bench.
I am six feet tall.
I am six years old.
I am sixteen years old.
I am skinny.
I am slaughtering a chicken.
I am sleeping.
I am sleepy.
I am slightly disturbed by the overhypersexualized side of Scorpios people.
I am slightly ill, I assume.
I am slow to adapt myself to new circumstances.
I am slowly acclimatising myself to the harsh climate here.
I am slowly adjusting to the harsh climate here.
I am slowly getting back into being fit.
I am slowly getting fit again.
I am slowly getting used to the harsh climate here.
I am small.
I am smaller than him.
I am smart.
I am smarter than most people around me.
I am smelling the roses.
I am smiling at that little girl.
I am smoking a Cuban cigar.
I am smoking.
I am sneezing.
I am so afraid of death.
I am so afraid.
I am so amazed that I can't complete the sentence.
I am so beautiful that when I see myself, I cannot look away, sometimes for days.
I am so blessed!
I am so brutishly fast, that I was already there before I ran at all.
I am so busy that I can't help you.
I am so busy that I can’t help you.
I am so busy that I don't watch TV.
I am so busy that I don’t watch TV.
I am so busy that I have no time to read.
I am so busy that I have no time to spare.
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
I am so devastated.
I am so disappointed.
I am so exhausted because I have padded the hoof for 4 hours.
I am so exhausted!
I am so fed up with you!
I am so fond of romantic things, and a graveyard full of buried hopes is about as romantic a thing as one can imagine isn't it?
I am so full of foolish ideas today.
I am so gauche with these wretched baubles.
I am so glad I got this Berber dictionary.
I am so glad I met you.
I am so glad that you are here.
I am so glad that you were with us today.
I am so glad to see you again!
I am so glad you came.
I am so grateful for my mom.
I am so grateful for your generous hospitality.
I am so grateful to be here with you.
I am so happy and honored to finally meet her in person.
I am so happy that I met you.
I am so happy to be working with you guys.
I am so happy to be working with you.
I am so happy to meet you.
I am so happy to see you back.
I am so happy!
I am so happy.
I am so hot.
I am so hungry I could eat a horse.
I am so hungry I could eat anything.
I am so hungry and lunch is not ready.
I am so hungry my PC started to look like food.
I am so hungry that I could eat a cow.
I am so lonely I think I'm going to cry.
I am so lonely.
I am so much obliged to you for your kindness.
I am so not in a mood for this kind of work.
I am so old, I could almost be your mother!
I am so proud to be Algerian.
I am so sick of working.
I am so sick.
I am so single that even my phone autocorrects ‘dating’ to ‘eating’.
I am so sorry I missed you guys when you came to Minneapolis.
I am so sorry to have kept you waiting.
I am so sorry, I didn't see you.
I am so sorry.
I am so stoned.
I am so stupid. I hate myself.
I am so tense right now.
I am so thin that they say I look rawboned.
I am so thirsty, probably because I ate pizza yesterday night.
I am so tired I could sleep on the floor!
I am so tired of all that.
I am so tired of all this.
I am so tired that I can hardly walk.
I am so tired that I can't study.
I am so tired that I can't walk another step.
I am so tired that I can’t study.
I am so tired that I can’t walk another step.
I am so tired.
I am so tired...
I am so unbelievably toxic as an individual.
I am so very picky.
I am so worry for you.
I am so young, and the world is so old.
I am somebody and I am important.
I am somebody and important.
I am somebody.
I am someone.
I am something of a puritan when it comes to literature.
I am sometimes afraid of dogs.
I am somewhat puzzled by the name; for the insect's music really suggests the tones of a Japanese harp, or koto—as good authorities declare.
I am sorry I am unable to attend your party.
I am sorry I cannot help you now. I am busy.
I am sorry I cannot help you.
I am sorry I did not write to you for such a long time.
I am sorry I have imposed so much on you.
I am sorry I was rude to you at school.
I am sorry about last night.
I am sorry about this.
I am sorry about your sister.
I am sorry for disappointing you.
I am sorry for his mistake.
I am sorry for not being able to write you earlier.
I am sorry for the accidental typo.
I am sorry for what I did.
I am sorry for you.
I am sorry if I am bothering you.
I am sorry if I disturbed you.
I am sorry if I made a mistake.
I am sorry if I scared you.
I am sorry if my words hurt you.
I am sorry that I bought a new house.
I am sorry that I broke my promise, Jack.
I am sorry that I could not go with her.
I am sorry that I have not written to you for such a long time.
I am sorry that I have troubled you so much.
I am sorry that I haven't written to you in such a long time.
I am sorry that I shall not be able to be with you at Christmas as I had planned.
I am sorry that my friend is not here.
I am sorry that she is absent from the conference.
I am sorry that you had to wait.
I am sorry that you have gone away.
I am sorry to all of you for being late.
I am sorry to bother you at this time.
I am sorry to cancel the appointment at the last minute.
I am sorry to encumber you with the children.
I am sorry to have called you out of your busy schedule.
I am sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
I am sorry to have kept you waiting.
I am sorry to have made you wait.
I am sorry to have missed the TV program last night.
I am sorry to have taken up your valuable time.
I am sorry to have troubled you.
I am sorry to hear about your father's passing.
I am sorry to hear that.
I am sorry to inform you that this morning, Tom was found dead in his apartment.
I am sorry to inform you that you have not been accepted.
I am sorry to learn you called at my home yesterday while I was out.
I am sorry to say that I cannot help you.
I am sorry to trouble you so much.
I am sorry to trouble you.
I am sorry to write such a long letter. I didn't have time to write a short one.
I am sorry to write such a long letter. I didn’t have time to write a short one.
I am sorry you feel that way.
I am sorry your plan counts for nothing.
I am sorry, I didn't mean to say I didn't like your dress.
I am sorry, I've got to go.
I am sorry, It's all my fault.
I am sorry, but I cannot meet your requirement.
I am sorry, but I have someone coming.
I am sorry, but I never apologize.
I am sorry, but he didn't call.
I am sorry, but this telephone is out of order.
I am sorry, but we are not allowed to disclose this information.
I am sorry, but what's your name again?
I am sorry, he is not at home, he left for Madrid yesterday.
I am sorry, my dog bites everyone.
I am sorry, sir. We're closing early.
I am sorry, the line is busy. Shall I call again?
I am sorry, we are unable to satisfy your demand.
I am sorry.
I am sorry. I am not from here.
I am sorry. It was stupid of me.
I am sorry. Tom already left.
I am sorry. Where was I?
I am south of the north.
I am speaking Berber.
I am speaking Latvian.
I am speaking Nepali.
I am speaking Osmani.
I am speaking in Finnish. It's the only language Marika knows.
I am speaking on my behalf.
I am speaking with Didier.
I am speaking with Tom via Skype tonight.
I am speaking with a friend, I will call you back later.
I am speaking.
I am speculating that he may win the game.
I am speechless.
I am spent.
I am spinning wool.
I am spreading mustard on a slice of bread.
I am squeezing an orange.
I am standing by the car.
I am standing here, face to face with nothing.
I am standing in the middle of the schoolyard.
I am standing in their midst.
I am standing right behind you.
I am standing up.
I am starting just now.
I am starting the year as sick as a dog.
I am starting this evening.
I am starting to feel comfortable when I speak Chinese.
I am starving because I didn't have breakfast.
I am starving to death.
I am starving.
I am staying at a hotel in New York.
I am staying at the hotel for the time being.
I am staying for another few weeks.
I am staying home.
I am staying in my uncle's house in Tokyo.
I am staying in the village.
I am staying up to date.
I am staying with a friend.
I am staying with my uncle for the time being, but later I will move to a small apartment.
I am staying with my uncle in Tokyo.
I am staying with my uncle.
I am staying.
I am stepping on the crescent moon with my feet.
I am sticking a picture on the cupboard.
I am still a bit sore after my operation.
I am still a little afraid of missing something if I forget that, as my father snobbishly suggested, and I snobbishly repeat, a sense of the fundamental decencies is parcelled out unequally at birth.
I am still a novice, but I look forward to working with you all.
I am still a stranger here.
I am still a virgin.
I am still alone.
I am still attached to this bicycle.
I am still clumsy catching batons thrown high up.
I am still eager to see her.
I am still eating.
I am still feeling your energy.
I am still feverish.
I am still freezing cold.
I am still here.
I am still in shape.
I am still in shock after knowing this sad and devastating news.
I am still in shock.
I am still in the village.
I am still in two minds about buying this car.
I am still inside.
I am still keeping up my tennis craze.
I am still learning how to properly cut up a whole chicken.
I am still not afraid of anything.
I am still not hungry.
I am still not satisfied.
I am still on the bed.
I am still out.
I am still reading.
I am still searching for the truth.
I am still single.
I am still strong.
I am still talking.
I am still there.
I am still thinking about what Tom was trying to tell me.
I am still trying to find out what I want to do.
I am still under investigation.
I am still waiting for Tom to come.
I am still waiting for Tom's answer.
I am still waiting for him since that day.
I am still waiting for the last dinner guests to knock at my door so that I can open my door and welcome them into my house to treat them to dinner.
I am still waiting to be told what happened.
I am still working as a lawyer.
I am still working as a public servant.
I am still working as a teacher.
I am still working in this company.
I am still working with my mother.
I am still working.
I am still young.
I am stirring my coffee.
I am stirring my tea.
I am stoned.
I am straight.
I am strange.
I am strong and courageous.
I am strong in many areas.
I am strong in maths.
I am strong.
I am stronger than my brother.
I am strongly against this and won't change my mind.
I am strongly opposed to a compromise.
I am studying 31 languages because I want to know better the world in which I live. This helps me avoid, for example, reading faulty translations. It also helps me communicate with my friends in their native languages, seeing that some of them don't speak English or, if they do, are unable to express what they actually feel or think.
I am studying Chinese and Spanish.
I am studying Chinese.
I am studying Egyptology.
I am studying English Literature at the University of Illinois.
I am studying English in my room.
I am studying English now.
I am studying French by myself.
I am studying Japanese.
I am studying Korean.
I am studying Lao now. I will send you a message later.
I am studying Persian.
I am studying a conlang.
I am studying again.
I am studying at Juana's house.
I am studying at medical school.
I am studying computer science.
I am studying electrical engineering at the University of Plymouth.
I am studying film in college.
I am studying for a test.
I am studying hard so that I can pass the exam.
I am studying it in cooperation with them.
I am studying kanji.
I am studying languages.
I am studying languages. I can help you if you want me to. And maybe I'd like you to help me.
I am studying linguistics; right now, I have to memorize the entire International Phonetic Alphabet.
I am studying now.
I am studying several languages.
I am studying the Korean language.
I am studying the Persian language.
I am studying the properties of this liquid.
I am studying the respiratory system at school.
I am studying to be a translator or interpreter.
I am studying very hard.
I am studying with the purpose of being able to speak Quechua.
I am studying.
I am stuffed.
I am stupid.
I am stuttering.
I am subject to his authority.
I am subject to the terms and conditions of the contract.
I am subscribed.
I am subsequently sending you two pictures.
I am successful in whatever I do.
I am such a brainy kind of guy.
I am such a loser.
I am such a poor image of misery! Regardless, I will face my destiny with an attitude worthy of admiration!
I am such a soft-hearted kind of man.
I am such a wonderful person.
I am such an idiot.
I am suddenly in awe of you!
I am suffering because of her.
I am suffering because of him.
I am suffering because of them.
I am suffering because of you.
I am suffering from a bad cold.
I am suffering from a cold.
I am suffering from a sore throat.
I am suffering from abdominal pain.
I am suffering from eye pain.
I am suffering from illness.
I am suffering.
I am suffocating!
I am suffocating.
I am suicidal.
I am super tired but don't want to go to bed.
I am supporting my family.
I am supposed to babysit the children tonight.
I am supposed to be here all afternoon.
I am supposed to go to Tokyo next week.
I am supposed to meet her at three this afternoon.
I am supposed to meet him at four this afternoon.
I am supposed to meet him at four.
I am supremely glad to hear it.
I am sure I am going to miss him.
I am sure I am in love with her.
I am sure I can get in touch with him by telephone.
I am sure I have always thought of Christmas time, when it has come round — apart from the veneration due to its sacred name and origin, if anything belonging to it can be apart from that — as a good time; a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time: the only time I know of, in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they really were fellow-passengers to the grave, and not another race of creatures bound on other journeys.
I am sure I hear more horses than one.
I am sure I met him somewhere, but I do not remember who he is.
I am sure I saw her two years ago.
I am sure I saw him somewhere.
I am sure I will suffer a lot.
I am sure I will win the tennis match.
I am sure I'll get along with him because we are from the same prefecture.
I am sure I’ll get along with him because we are from the same prefecture.
I am sure Lizzy will be very happy.
I am sure everything will change.
I am sure everything will turn out all right in the end.
I am sure exploits will be found.
I am sure he is wrong.
I am sure he loves you—I think he will consent; but then my mother——!
I am sure he will come this afternoon.
I am sure he will make good in that job.
I am sure he would agree.
I am sure he would be the last person to do it.
I am sure he'll tell you as soon as he comes.
I am sure he’ll tell you as soon as he comes.
I am sure it must have slipped your memory.
I am sure of her innocence, without a shadow of a doubt.
I am sure of her success.
I am sure of his accepting our invitation.
I am sure of his coming to the party.
I am sure of his honesty.
I am sure of his living to be ninety years old.
I am sure of his passing the coming entrance examination.
I am sure of his passing the exam.
I am sure of his passing the examination.
I am sure of his success.
I am sure of his trusting you.
I am sure of his victory.
I am sure of his winning the speech contest.
I am sure of his winning the tennis match.
I am sure of it.
I am sure of my insecurities.
I am sure of succeeding.
I am sure of success.
I am sure of their passing the examination.
I am sure of winning the tennis match.
I am sure of your son coming back safe and sound.
I am sure our dear guest would like to have a bath before he goes to bed.
I am sure she can have no objection.
I am sure that Bob will pass the examination.
I am sure that Greg is going to follow in his father's footsteps.
I am sure that Greg is going to follow in his father’s footsteps.
I am sure that I will be able to find him.
I am sure that I will be able to find them.
I am sure that I will get a gift from my boss.
I am sure that Jim made up that story.
I am sure that Tom has nothing to do with it.
I am sure that Tom will find a cure for that disease.
I am sure that Tom won't escape this time.
I am sure that he is an honest man.
I am sure that he is innocent.
I am sure that he will become a great singer.
I am sure that he will succeed.
I am sure that he will win.
I am sure that more flags were burned as a result of Congress passing that law than had ever been burned before.
I am sure that she did that on purpose.
I am sure that she will become a great singer.
I am sure that she will never forgive me.
I am sure that she won't come to visit you.
I am sure that the culprit is Tom.
I am sure that the language Lojban can better express buddho-animistic things than can Western languages, and even Oriental languages can.
I am sure that we will be very happy here.
I am sure that we will find a solution.
I am sure that you are going to like it.
I am sure that you have enough money.
I am sure that you will be satisfied.
I am sure the condition will turn for the better.
I am sure the situation will take a turn for the better.
I am sure they have reached the top.
I am sure this book will be of great use to you.
I am sure this is a lie.
I am sure we have a lot in common.
I am sure you are right.
I am sure you have enough money.
I am sure you have met Tom.
I am sure you heard about the explosion that happened in Istanbul.
I am sure you heard the explosion that happened in Istanbul.
I am sure you will be very comfortable there.
I am sure you will miss Kabylie.
I am sure you will take an active role in your new position.
I am sure your promotion was timely and well deserved.
I am sure.
I am surer that I do not want to marry you.
I am surprised at the education of these children.
I am surprised at your reaction.
I am surprised by a lot of the things he does.
I am surprised by how aimlessness can affect people.
I am surprised by the capabilities of my body.
I am surprised that she refused such a good offer.
I am surprised that she should have changed so much.
I am surprised that she should have done such a thing.
I am surprised that you should not know of their marriage.
I am surprised that your family has a Japanese car.
I am surprised to hear that prices have gone up so high.
I am surprised to learn this.
I am surprised to see you here in this hotel.
I am surprised to see you!
I am surprised.
I am suspicious of him.
I am suspicious that this is an illegal taxi.
I am swamped with work.
I am swearing at that jerk!
I am sweating balls.
I am sweating in my bed.
I am sweating.
I am sweaty.
I am sweeping the yard.
I am swimming in a river.
I am swimming in the lake.
I am swimming in the ocean.
I am swimming in the river.
I am switching to another company.
I am taken aback by those who are not repelled by those who rant behind the backs of people they don't know.
I am taking Arabic Level 5 this semester.
I am taking French next year.
I am taking Russian classes.
I am taking Tom on a boat trip tomorrow.
I am taking a bath now.
I am taking a class on digital literacy.
I am taking a couple of days off.
I am taking a dance class.
I am taking a holiday at the beach.
I am taking a medication against high blood pressure.
I am taking a rest in my car.
I am taking an extended break from the Internet.
I am taking another Berber class next semester.
I am taking her out to dinner this evening.
I am taking her out to dinner tonight.
I am taking medicine for headaches.
I am taking my final exam.
I am taking my son to the zoo this afternoon.
I am taking over power over you, you're just too weak for me.
I am taking pictures of the bridge.
I am taking the dog to the vet.
I am taking tomorrow afternoon off.
I am taking tomorrow off.
I am talking about my brother.
I am talking about the Berber language.
I am talking about your lover. It is about him that I am talking.
I am talking on the phone.
I am talking to my child.
I am talking to my sister.
I am talking to myself.
I am talking to you about history.
I am talking with Tom.
I am talking.
I am tall.
I am taller than he.
I am taller than her.
I am taller than you.
I am taller.
I am teaching Berber at a nearby school.
I am teaching Berber next school year.
I am teaching Berber.
I am teaching English.
I am teaching Kazakh to foreigners.
I am teaching.
I am teasing you.
I am telling a good story to my younger friend.
I am telling a story.
I am telling everyone of you.
I am telling that which I have not confided to any one.
I am telling this story in Berber.
I am telling you that the map points here.
I am telling you the truth.
I am telling you what I have discovered. Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, be fortified by it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it.
I am tempted to doubt your friendship.
I am tempted to try drugs, but I know I shouldn't.
I am ten years old.
I am terribly afraid of snakes.
I am terribly busy because the report deadline is near.
I am terribly hungry.
I am terribly sorry, but I am afraid that I cannot answer your questions regarding that matter.
I am terrified of heights.
I am terrified.
I am thankful for anger and disappointment.
I am thankful for days with nothing to do.
I am thankful for friends who keep me active and social.
I am thankful for music.
I am thankful for my children.
I am thankful for my family.
I am thankful for my friends.
I am thankful for nights that turned into mornings, friends that turned into family, and dreams that turned into reality.
I am thankful for rain.
I am thankful for standing on the tops of mountains.
I am thankful for sunshine.
I am thankful for technology.
I am thankful for the food I eat.
I am thankful for the holidays.
I am thankful for the kindness of strangers.
I am thankful for vacations.
I am thankful for veterans.
I am thankful to have been given the experience of life.
I am thankful to my friends.
I am thankful to you.
I am thankful.
I am that Ravenswood to whom you granted the solemn engagement which you now desire to retract and cancel.
I am that sleepy.
I am that.
I am the Almighty.
I am the Alpha and the Omega, the first and the last, the beginning and the end.
I am the Communications Convenor at my church.
I am the Flying Spaghetti Monster. Thou shalt have no other monsters before Me. (Afterwards is OK; just use protection.) The only Monster who deserves capitalization is Me! Other monsters are false monsters, undeserving of capitalization.
I am the God of Bethel, where thou didst anoint the stone, and make a vow to me. Now therefore arise, and go out of this land, and return into thy native country.
I am the King of the Fishes, if you let me go you shall always have your nets full.
I am the Messiah.
I am the State!
I am the Talking Cricket and I have been living in this room for more than one hundred years.
I am the angel of death and I have come to get you all.
I am the best friend, the best support, the best partner you will ever have.
I am the best of all Capricorns.
I am the best!
I am the best.
I am the biggest loser in the world.
I am the boss in my office.
I am the boss of the information desk.
I am the captain of this ship.
I am the caretaker of this child, and they are my care-receiver.
I am the champion of my town.
I am the chosen one.
I am the chosen people.
I am the company's legal representative.
I am the creator of my world.
I am the cutest boy in the class.
I am the cutest girl in the class.
I am the daffodil of Saron, the lily of the valley.
I am the daughter of Madame Schneider.
I am the daughter of Mayas.
I am the doctor's daughter.
I am the eldest because I am the oldest.
I am the eldest child.
I am the embodiment of the law!
I am the emperor of Earth.
I am the epitome of toxicity all in one individual.
I am the executive director of the museum.
I am the fastest runner.
I am the fifth-youngest child.
I am the first musician in my family.
I am the first to do that.
I am the first.
I am the ghost of Thomas Jackson.
I am the ghost of Tom Jackson.
I am the ghost of Tom.
I am the goalie for FC Alpha.
I am the goat.
I am the god of the new world.
I am the good shepherd: the good shepherd lays down his life for the sheep.
I am the happiest man in the world.
I am the happiest man on earth.
I am the happiest person in the world!
I am the happiest person on Earth!
I am the happiest.
I am the humble owner of this mansion.
I am the king of all Capricorns living on this planet.
I am the king of the world!
I am the language lover.
I am the last remaining worshipper of the goddess Demeter.
I am the last to believe such a thing.
I am the law!
I am the laziest person I know.
I am the leader of this team.
I am the legal representative for the company.
I am the light of the world. He who follows me will not walk in the darkness, but will have the light of life.
I am the light, the way, and the life.
I am the man who drinks tea.
I am the manager of my own.
I am the master of my fate; I am the captain of my soul.
I am the most beautiful unicorn in the world.
I am the most junior staff in my office.
I am the most unfortunate man at this moment in London.
I am the most unfortunate man at this moment in London. For Heaven's sake don't abandon me, Mr. Holmes! If they come to arrest me before I have finished my story, make them give me time so that I may tell you the whole truth.
I am the new kid on the block. I just joined the project one week ago.
I am the night shift nurse.
I am the ninth one.
I am the non-breaking cause.
I am the oldest but I'm still very young.
I am the oldest of the three.
I am the oldest student at school.
I am the oldest student at this language school.
I am the one responsible for the accident.
I am the one who does it the fastest.
I am the one who hears myself the most yet understands myself the least.
I am the one who invited you to dinner.
I am the one who is responsible for the accident.
I am the one who is right.
I am the one who knocks.
I am the one who paid for that ticket.
I am the one who usually cooks for the family.
I am the one who usually washes the dishes.
I am the one who will keep you company.
I am the one whose literature can be seen even by the blind, and whose words are heard even by the deaf.
I am the one whose literature the blind can see, and whose words have made the deaf hear.
I am the one.
I am the only Brazilian who can't speak Portuguese and dance samba.
I am the only child of my parents.
I am the only one in my family who doesn't know French.
I am the only one in the group who can not speak French.
I am the only person in the world I should like to know thoroughly.
I am the only person who is not influenced by my culture and surroundings.
I am the opposite of an atheist. Atheists don't see God in anything. I see Him in everything.
I am the owner of my actions, heir to my actions, born of my actions, related through my actions, and have my actions as my arbitrator. Whatever I do, for good or for evil, to that I will fall heir.
I am the owner of this automobile.
I am the patrol leader.
I am the plaintiff in that trial.
I am the proprietor of an apartment in Bejaia, Algeria.
I am the proud owner of this language school.
I am the same age.
I am the same as you.
I am the seven billionth baby!
I am the smartest man in the world.
I am the sole survivor.
I am the state.
I am the sum of my experiences.
I am the tallest in our class.
I am the tallest of all the boys.
I am the tallest of the three.
I am the tallest.
I am the time and place beyond the furnace.
I am the toki pona dictionary.
I am the unhappiest girl in Prince Edward Island.
I am the victim of a widespread conspiracy meant to discredit me.
I am the voice of one calling in the desert.
I am the weekend nurse.
I am the wind that blows the leaves from the trees.
I am the winner in this battle between me and you.
I am the youngest at my work.
I am the youngest child!
I am the youngest of five children.
I am their lawyer.
I am there.
I am thin.
I am thinking about being in charge of English requests, but they have said that it also involves mathematics and help related queries.
I am thinking about buying a new parasol.
I am thinking about going on a trip abroad next year.
I am thinking about my children.
I am thinking about that matter.
I am thinking about them.
I am thinking about what happened.
I am thinking another way.
I am thinking day and night.
I am thinking for myself.
I am thinking of changing jobs.
I am thinking of changing my job.
I am thinking of closing my savings account.
I am thinking of getting it translated into English.
I am thinking of going abroad next year.
I am thinking of going abroad.
I am thinking of going to Kobe next week.
I am thinking of going to Los Angeles.
I am thinking of going to the mountains.
I am thinking of my vacation.
I am thinking of nothing but you.
I am thinking of resigning at once.
I am thinking of translating this into French.
I am thirsty every night.
I am thirsty, I want to drink.
I am thirsty, give me a drink, please.
I am thirsty.
I am thirsty. Give me something to drink!
I am thirsty. I would like to have a cup of coffee.
I am thirsty. Please give me something cold to drink.
I am thirty years old.
I am thirty.
I am this kid's companion.
I am thou, thou art I. Thou hast acquired a new vow.
I am threshing wheat.
I am thrilled to be here.
I am thrilled with my new home.
I am thrilled!
I am through with him.
I am through with his long speech.
I am through with my work.
I am throwing a lavish party for my sixteenth birthday.
I am throwing stones at crows.
I am throwing up.
I am thy father’s spirit; doom’d for a certain term to walk the night, and, for the day, confin’d to waste in fires till the foul crimes done in my days of nature are burnt and purg’d away.
I am tidying my office.
I am tied to my desk and chair.
I am tied to my mother's apron strings.
I am tied to my mother’s apron strings.
I am tied up at the office.
I am tired after swimming in that river.
I am tired after that long walk.
I am tired and I want to go home.
I am tired and I want to go to bed.
I am tired and want to sleep.
I am tired because I had to study for this exam last night.
I am tired because I've studied a lot.
I am tired because of illness and work.
I am tired because we have been moving the furniture.
I am tired from a long walk.
I am tired from playing.
I am tired from running fast.
I am tired from walking.
I am tired like a dormouse.
I am tired of admonishing Tom all the time.
I am tired of always seeing the same stupidities and lies on television.
I am tired of doing the same things every day.
I am tired of driving.
I am tired of eating at the school cafeteria.
I am tired of explaining to everybody why I am the way I am.
I am tired of hearing Father's stories.
I am tired of hearing Father’s stories.
I am tired of hearing it.
I am tired of hearing that.
I am tired of hearing the same thing so often.
I am tired of hearing you moan and groan.
I am tired of his constant reprimanding.
I am tired of his constant scolding.
I am tired of homework.
I am tired of listening to Tom.
I am tired of listening to his long speech.
I am tired of my monotonous life.
I am tired of my work.
I am tired of reading.
I am tired of singing.
I am tired of the day-to-day routine of life.
I am tired of the work.
I am tired of your problems.
I am tired so go and bother someone else.
I am tired with walking.
I am tired!
I am tired, I need to go to bed.
I am tired, from sickness and work.
I am tired.
I am tired; nevertheless, I must finish my homework.
I am to be blamed for that matter.
I am to blame for it.
I am to blame for my son's failure.
I am to blame for my son’s failure.
I am to blame for this mistake.
I am to blame.
I am to call on Mr Smith tomorrow.
I am to examine the papers once more.
I am to go there today.
I am to go to Paris.
I am to have a scarlet laced coat, and a feathered hat, and a swordbelt, double bordered with gold, and point d'Espagne, and a dagger.
I am to have lunch with him.
I am to meet her at five at the station.
I am to meet her on Platform 8.
I am to meet him at five at the station.
I am to meet him at six.
I am to meet him at ten.
I am to meet him there.
I am to meet the man tomorrow.
I am to pick him up at five.
I am to take over my father's business.
I am to take over my father’s business.
I am to talk over the matter with him tomorrow.
I am to visit my uncle in Shizuoka next Sunday.
I am to your left.
I am toast.
I am told he has a broad back.
I am told he lives in the City, and plays dominoes in his leisure hours with stockbrokers.
I am told that he is ill in bed.
I am tolerant, so long as the slaves obey my orders.
I am too alone in the world, and yet not alone enough to sanctify every hour...
I am too amazed at him to say anything.
I am too ashamed to do it.
I am too busy to go.
I am too confused!
I am too easily distracted by numerous forms of vapid entertainment to ever amount to anything.
I am too exhausted to walk any more.
I am too fat.
I am too focused on my career.
I am too late, right?
I am too lazy to go there.
I am too lazy.
I am too old for it.
I am too old for that.
I am too old for this world.
I am too old to please women, but I am rich enough to pay them.
I am too rude—too rough—too intractable to deal with any being so soft and gentle as you are.
I am too sexy for this world.
I am too short.
I am too shy to kiss her.
I am too sick at heart to revel, carouse, and make merry through the night.
I am too sleepy to drive.
I am too strict.
I am too stubborn in habits, and too little polished in manners, to envy or aspire to the honours assigned to my literary contemporaries.
I am too tired to climb.
I am too tired to keep on walking.
I am too tired to run.
I am too tired to walk any more.
I am too young to die!
I am tossing around the idea of having a party this weekend.
I am totally confused.
I am touched by the beauty of the surrounding world.
I am touched by the girl's acute sensitivity.
I am touched by the girl’s acute sensitivity.
I am touched by their kindness.
I am touched by your concern.
I am touching you.
I am tough.
I am trained to break the world record.
I am trained to fight in the mountain.
I am training a horse for the race.
I am training hard so that I may win the race.
I am training to be a forwarding agent.
I am training with my friends.
I am transitioning well from a man to a woman.
I am translating a number of sentences from English to Interlingua.
I am translating an article.
I am translating.
I am trapped in another dimension.
I am traumatised.
I am traveling by train.
I am traveling inbound towards the restroom to carry out a brown water operation.
I am traveling to Spain.
I am traveling west.
I am traveling with my aunt and cousin.
I am travelling by plane.
I am travelling.
I am truly happy for you.
I am truly sorry for my past conduct.
I am truly sorry.
I am truly touched by the teachings of the Bahá'í faith.
I am truly very glad, for your sake and his, that he has returned from abroad safely.
I am trusting him as a teacher to tell me what to do.
I am trying hard.
I am trying my best.
I am trying my level best.
I am trying on this dress.
I am trying really hard to learn English.
I am trying to ask my questions in French.
I am trying to avoid any arguments.
I am trying to conquer her heart.
I am trying to conquer his heart.
I am trying to distance myself from politics and its inadequacies.
I am trying to do my job.
I am trying to do you a favor.
I am trying to find a new job.
I am trying to help him.
I am trying to juggle.
I am trying to learn English.
I am trying to listen.
I am trying to live.
I am trying to make a living.
I am trying to make it out.
I am trying to memorise the names of constellations.
I am trying to remember that.
I am trying to remember.
I am trying to rest.
I am trying to sell my farm, but I haven't had any offers so far.
I am trying to sell my farm, but I haven’t had any offers so far.
I am trying to solve the problem.
I am trying to understand the politics of my country.
I am trying.
I am turning the sound of the TV on.
I am turning the sound of the radio down.
I am twelve years old.
I am twenty years old.
I am twenty-five years old.
I am two years younger than he.
I am two years younger than my brother.
I am tying my laces. Wait for me!
I am tying my shoes.
I am tying the cow to the pole.
I am ugly with this mask.
I am ugly.
I am unable to agree on that point.
I am unable to answer this question for legal reasons.
I am unable to do more!
I am unable to do more.
I am unable to fend for myself.
I am unable to finish my homework.
I am unable to give my word as to when it will be done.
I am unable to memorise it.
I am unable to put my own mind to rest tonight.
I am unable to say anything offhand.
I am unable to walk as fast as he can.
I am uncertain as to whether I am the right person for the job.
I am uncertain when he will come next.
I am uncertain where it will be OK to put this.
I am uncertain whether this is a thing of value.
I am uncomfortable in these new shoes.
I am unconcerned with the problem.
I am under his protection.
I am under the blanket.
I am under the charm of her mellifluous voice.
I am undressing.
I am uneasy about the future of this country.
I am uneducated on fats.
I am uneducated on nutrition.
I am uneducated.
I am unenlightened.
I am unfamiliar with the customs of this country.
I am unfortunately poor.
I am unhappy.
I am uninjured.
I am unintelligent, but at least I am intelligent enough to know it.
I am uninterested in sex.
I am unintimidated.
I am unique.
I am unmaking my bed.
I am unsettled about the news.
I am unstoppable!
I am unsympathetic to your request as this is your 7th grandfather to have died this year.
I am unthirsty.
I am unwilling to cause problems for myself.
I am unwilling to negotiate.
I am unwilling to study now.
I am up to my neck in work.
I am up to no good.
I am upset this day.
I am upset with them.
I am upset.
I am used to doing this work with Tom.
I am used to driving a truck.
I am used to eating and resting.
I am used to getting up early.
I am used to going to bed very late.
I am used to hearing the train pass by my house.
I am used to living alone.
I am used to low temperatures.
I am used to showering in the evening.
I am used to sitting up late at night.
I am used to sitting up late.
I am used to staying up late at night.
I am used to staying up till late at night.
I am used to writing about everything.
I am using Twitter.
I am using a 30-day trial copy of the music software.
I am using a new computer.
I am using a phone to contact my parents.
I am using a website to learn Berber.
I am using that.
I am using the computer. Please do not switch it off.
I am using this term in Emmet's sense to refer to the psychological rules of language use.
I am using this term in Emmet’s sense to refer to the psychological rules of language use.
I am usually able to read eight books in a month.
I am usually an extremely sound sleeper.
I am usually lean yet right now I am fat.
I am usually not comfortable working in a teamwork.
I am vaccinated against COVID.
I am valuable.
I am vegan.
I am vegetarian.
I am vehemently opposed to all dictatorships, whether of the proletariat or otherwise.
I am vehemently opposed to political correctness.
I am versatile in sports, I play tennis and ping pong but also football and volleyball.
I am very afraid to go.
I am very afraid.
I am very ambitious.
I am very angry with him.
I am very angry.
I am very anxious to know why he did such a thing.
I am very ashamed, but I can't read.
I am very aware how lucky I am.
I am very bad with money.
I am very busy practicing after school.
I am very busy these days.
I am very busy today, but tomorrow I should like very much to have lunch with you.
I am very busy.
I am very cautious.
I am very close.
I am very competent.
I am very concerned about his health.
I am very concerned about the seriousness of the festival.
I am very conservative.
I am very curious about it!
I am very curious.
I am very dangerous.
I am very destructive.
I am very disappointed in my son.
I am very disappointed in you.
I am very disappointed.
I am very discrete.
I am very excited to share this with you.
I am very excited.
I am very experienced.
I am very fond of Swedish food because I grew up with them.
I am very fond of lobsters, but they are very, very expensive.
I am very fond of shrimp.
I am very fond of travelling by train.
I am very glad school is over.
I am very glad that I came here.
I am very glad that this sentence has so many translations already.
I am very glad to be out of high school.
I am very glad to hear of your success.
I am very glad to hear that you speak Scottish Gaelic.
I am very glad to know you.
I am very glad to meet you today.
I am very glad to meet you.
I am very glad to see you.
I am very good at appearing organised, although the reality is somewhat different.
I am very grateful for all the sacrifices my parents made for my sake.
I am very grateful for your help.
I am very grateful of you.
I am very grateful that you did not plan to retire.
I am very grateful to Tom for saving my life.
I am very grateful to you for what you've done for my family.
I am very grateful to you for what you’ve done for my family.
I am very grateful to you for your advice.
I am very grateful to you for your help.
I am very grateful.
I am very happy about my son's success in his recital.
I am very happy about my son’s success in his recital.
I am very happy about that news.
I am very happy about your success.
I am very happy and honored to meet you in person.
I am very happy for you!
I am very happy for you.
I am very happy in Georgia.
I am very happy that you have agreed to that plan.
I am very happy that you have been with us today.
I am very happy to be able to hug you.
I am very happy to be here, especially because I'm here with you.
I am very happy to be part of your story.
I am very happy to be part of your whole story.
I am very happy to have met you.
I am very happy to hear about your engagement.
I am very happy to see you again.
I am very happy to see you.
I am very happy with it.
I am very happy with this trip.
I am very happy, because I am currently learning a little bit of Dutch.
I am very happy.
I am very honored!
I am very hungry.
I am very ill at ease with strangers.
I am very impatient to hear the news.
I am very interested in French.
I am very interested in fishing.
I am very interested in languages.
I am very interested in learning Chinese.
I am very interested in music.
I am very interested in soccer.
I am very interested in the Berber language.
I am very interested in the cultures of other countries.
I am very interested in these stories.
I am very interested in those stories.
I am very irritated with him.
I am very lucky to have friends who care about me.
I am very much attached to this old straw hat.
I am very much in love with her!
I am very much obliged to you for your help.
I am very much obliged to you.
I am very much pleased with my new maid.
I am very much relieved to know that.
I am very much surprised to hear that he got badly injured in a motorcar accident.
I am very nervous today.
I am very patient, but I have to go home, now.
I am very pleased at the news.
I am very pleased to have met you.
I am very pleased to hear of your success.
I am very pleased to hear the news.
I am very pleased to hear this.
I am very pleased to meet them.
I am very pleased to meet you.
I am very pleased to receive this from you.
I am very pleased to see you again.
I am very pleased with my job.
I am very pleased with my new house.
I am very pleased with the second part of the video.
I am very pleased.
I am very poor at sports.
I am very positive and ambitious for my goals.
I am very proud of being Jewish. I actually lived in Israel for some months. But what I happen to believe is that, right now, sadly, tragically, in Israel, through Bibi Netanyahu, you have a reactionary racist who is now running that country.
I am very proud of him.
I am very proud of the job I chose myself.
I am very quick-tempered.
I am very reasonable with my employees.
I am very reserved.
I am very rich.
I am very sad now.
I am very sad that he has died.
I am very sad today.
I am very sad.
I am very satisfied with my new computer monitor.
I am very scared.
I am very sensitive to heat.
I am very sensitive to the cold.
I am very shy.
I am very sick.
I am very smart.
I am very sorry about that!
I am very sorry about that.
I am very sorry about what I have said.
I am very sorry about your sister.
I am very sorry for what I said.
I am very sorry that I couldn't attend Tom's funeral.
I am very sorry that I have to ask you to change the meeting date to March 6 due to personal reasons.
I am very sorry that my cow should have broken into your oats.
I am very sorry to inform you that she died.
I am very sorry you have a cold and are in bed. I played with Mary today for a little while. I hope by tomorrow you will be able to be up. I am glad today that my cold is better.
I am very sorry, but I must cancel our appointment for February 27.
I am very sorry, but would you repeat it once more?
I am very sorry.
I am very surprised that she became a Diet member.
I am very talented at maths.
I am very tall.
I am very thankful to you for your advice.
I am very tired after a class.
I am very tired from a long drive.
I am very tired from swimming.
I am very tired from teaching.
I am very tired from the hard work.
I am very tired when I get home at night.
I am very tired with reading.
I am very tired, but well.
I am very tired.
I am very tired: I have fixed 60 bridges and I still have many others to repair.
I am very ugly.
I am very uncomfortable with how this television show portrays women.
I am very unhappy.
I am very upset with him.
I am very well, thank you, and you?
I am very well-known for my big brains.
I am very witty.
I am very worried about her.
I am very worried about my future.
I am very worried.
I am very, very sorry.
I am vigilant about things like that.
I am visiting my friends.
I am vomiting.
I am waiting for approval.
I am waiting for my driver.
I am waiting for my friend.
I am waiting for my mother.
I am waiting for the bus.
I am waiting for the store to open.
I am waiting for the storm to blow over.
I am waiting for the train.
I am waiting for them to speak up.
I am waiting for you by the gas station.
I am waiting for you to finish your homework.
I am waiting for you. Where are you?
I am waiting for your comments.
I am waiting for your letter.
I am waiting in the house.
I am waiting in your office.
I am waiting my turn.
I am waiting my wife to come back from work.
I am waiting outside.
I am waiting.
I am walking around.
I am walking to the bathroom.
I am walking to the ladies room.
I am walking to the restroom.
I am walking up the seam of stairs.
I am walking.
I am warm.
I am warming myself by the fireplace.
I am washing my brother's car.
I am washing my hands because I have dirty hands.
I am washing my hands because they are dirty.
I am washing my socks.
I am washing myself.
I am washing the windows.
I am wasting my time.
I am wasting time.
I am watching TV.
I am watching a basketball game on TV.
I am watching a film in the living room.
I am watching a film.
I am watching a movie right now.
I am watching an airplane fly over the buildings.
I am watching an old film.
I am watching television.
I am watching these two snails.
I am watching this video.
I am watching wild birds.
I am watching.
I am watering the backyard.
I am watering the flowers.
I am watering the garden.
I am waving at her, but she's not looking.
I am way too honest for this profession.
I am weak as regards to girls.
I am weak in German.
I am weak in geography.
I am weak in math.
I am weak in mathematics.
I am weak.
I am wearing a Kabyle dress.
I am wearing a red t-shirt.
I am wearing a shirt.
I am wearing an expensive watch.
I am wearing an orange t-shirt and green pants.
I am wearing my new dress.
I am wearing my silver jewelry.
I am wearing shoes.
I am wearing underpants.
I am wearing underwear.
I am weary of this hot weather.
I am weaving a Berber carpet.
I am weaving a carpet.
I am weighing myself.
I am welding.
I am well able to manage on my own.
I am well acquainted with him.
I am well acquainted with the subject.
I am well also.
I am well aware of the gravity of the situation.
I am well aware of the seriousness of the situation.
I am well aware that many will eagerly argue against my view.
I am well aware who I'm dealing with.
I am well loved by my grandmother.
I am well-informed about this topic.
I am well-versed in this subject.
I am well.
I am west of the east.
I am wetting my handkerchief.
I am what I am because of you.
I am what I am today thanks to my parents.
I am what I am.
I am where you are.
I am whistling in my house.
I am white.
I am who I am thanks to my mother.
I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday.
I am who I am.
I am wholly in agreement with you.
I am wholly responsible for the confusion.
I am wicked.
I am wide awake.
I am widely different from my little sister in character and habits.
I am willing to accept criticism.
I am willing to agree to your request.
I am willing to attend the meeting.
I am willing to be responsible.
I am willing to bet that that particular segment of the population did not vote for him.
I am willing to go on record as opposing nuclear tests.
I am willing to help you with your work.
I am willing to help you.
I am willing to sell.
I am willing to take your offer.
I am windsurfing.
I am winking at him, but he's not looking.
I am wiping my nose with a handkerchief.
I am wiping the dining table.
I am wiping the shelves.
I am wise enough to think that if one is born a fish, it is more dignified to die under the water than in the frying pan.
I am wishing every high school student good luck on their exams!
I am with you all the way.
I am with you, to support your words.
I am with you.
I am without a kingdom.
I am without a penny.
I am without power.
I am without vigor.
I am woebegone.
I am wondering if I could be of any service to you.
I am wondering if he could find a solution.
I am wondering if his daughter started crawling or not.
I am wondering if that man is her husband?
I am wondering if they are ready.
I am wondering if you would like to go and see Kabuki with me while staying in Japan.
I am wondering if you would like to go and see kabuki with me while staying in Japan.
I am wondering whether to be the truth, what he said.
I am working at Alibaba.
I am working at home today.
I am working at the workshop.
I am working full-time at a bookshop until the end of September.
I am working hard at studying German vocabulary.
I am working hard trying to learn English.
I am working in my office.
I am working in the Overseas Operations Division.
I am working now.
I am working on my new book.
I am working on my speech.
I am working on something, Tom.
I am working on the car.
I am working so that you can learn Quechua.
I am working to save for my college tuition.
I am working with Tom now.
I am working with full steam.
I am working with them towards world peace.
I am working with you.
I am working.
I am worn out from working all day.
I am worried about Tom's mental health.
I am worried about Tom. What is he doing?
I am worried about her.
I am worried about him.
I am worried about his health.
I am worried about my mother's health.
I am worried about my mother’s health.
I am worried about the situation.
I am worthless in English.
I am worthy of love and respect, I deserve good people around me.
I am wriggling like a snake.
I am wringing my wet clothes.
I am writing Chinese.
I am writing a book about my father.
I am writing a book in several languages, and I simultaneously publish it on Tatoeba's screens all over the world.
I am writing a draft of the speech.
I am writing a letter now.
I am writing a letter.
I am writing a message to Tom.
I am writing a novel.
I am writing a paper on the French Revolution.
I am writing a sentence.
I am writing a song in German.
I am writing a study of the French Revolution.
I am writing a thesis about international disputes after World War II.
I am writing a translation.
I am writing an SMS.
I am writing an article for the school newspaper.
I am writing an article.
I am writing an essay.
I am writing articles about strikes.
I am writing in relation to your complaint.
I am writing my internship report.
I am writing on behalf of my husband, who is in the hospital.
I am writing on behalf of my mother to thank for your gift.
I am writing this letter to my wife.
I am writing this under an appreciable mental strain, since by tonight I shall be no more. Penniless, and at the end of my supply of the drug which alone makes life endurable, I can bear the torture no longer; and shall cast myself from this garret window into the squalid street below.
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction.
I am writing to inquire whether you have any positions available.
I am writing to my German friend.
I am writing to you on behalf of my mother.
I am writing to you today so you don't start worrying about me unnecessarily.
I am writing with the red pen.
I am writing you a lengthy letter because I did not have time to write a short one.
I am writing you a long letter because I don't have time to write you a short one.
I am writing you at the request of a friend.
I am writing.
I am wrong.
I am yawning because I am tired.
I am yawning because I feel sleepy.
I am yawning.
I am yelling at my computer.
I am yelling at the top of my voice!
I am yet older than he is.
I am you.
I am young, too.
I am young.
I am young; and, as I have been your neighbour, you know my character.
I am younger than John.
I am your ally, trust me.
I am your best friend.
I am your boss.
I am your daughter.
I am your disciple.
I am your elder sister.
I am your fan.
I am your father's spirit, doomed for a certain time to walk the night, and during the day I am confined to burn in fires, until the evil crimes I had done in my life are burnt and purged away.
I am your father, Adolf.
I am your father.
I am your fellow citizen because I, too, am an Italian national.
I am your friend, not enemy.
I am your friend, right?
I am your friend.
I am your grandfather.
I am your husband and you belong to me.
I am your husband!
I am your husband.
I am your king.
I am your lawyer.
I am your manager.
I am your mother and I am responsible for you.
I am your mother, Luke.
I am your mother.
I am your mother. I am to be obeyed - not questioned.
I am your neighbour.
I am your new lawyer.
I am your next-door neighbor.
I am your older sister.
I am your only hope, captain. If you don't do as I say, you and your crew will perish.
I am your only hope, captain. If you don’t do as I say, you and your crew will perish.
I am your past.
I am your queen.
I am your ruler now.
I am your saviour!
I am your servant.
I am your slave.
I am your son.
I am your source of life, for my tears flow in your veins.
I am your substitute teacher.
I am your sun.
I am your teacher.
I am your twin.
I am your well-wisher.
I am your wife and you belong to me.
I am your wife.
I am yours and you are mine.
I am yours tonight.
I am yours, she whispered quietly.
I am!
I am, I am, I am.
I am, after all, Tom's assistant.
I am, after all, Tom's wife.
I am, after all, a detective.
I am, after all, a doctor.
I am, after all, a pastor.
I am, after all, a priest.
I am, after all, an old man.
I am, after all, my parents' only child.
I am, after all, still just a kid.
I am, after all, the nanny.
I am, after all, the new governor.
I am, after all, the president of the company.
I am, after all, very young.
I am, and always have been very careful of my goats, and no one in the village can say that a goat of mine ever browsed in his garden, or devoured any of his sprouting vines.
I am, and remain, his boyfriend.
I am, as they say, all ears.
I am, as they say, happily married.
I am, as they say, intrigued.
I am, by no means, allowed to become ill now, tomorrow is my holiday.
I am, in fact, doing my homework right now.
I am, in fact, here to help Tom.
I am, of course.
I am.
I amn't going to do that.
I amn't looking.
I amused myself.
I analysed the results.
I analyze my feelings all the time.
I analyze the true meaning of existence.
I analyzed his book thoroughly.
I analyzed the results.
I and he borrowed one hundred dollars.
I and he have never fought.
I anger easily.
I announce to you a great joy: we have a Pope.
I annoyed Mina.
I annoyed him.
I answer for her honesty.
I answer for his honesty, for I know him well.
I answer for his honesty.
I answer for it.
I answer only when I am asked.
I answer the question.
I answer yes to his question.
I answered Tom's question.
I answered Tom's questions.
I answered a lot of questions.
I answered all Tom's questions.
I answered all of Tom's questions.
I answered as soon as he asked me.
I answered every question correctly.
I answered every question, didn't I?
I answered for him.
I answered her questions, but I did not volunteer any information.
I answered his blows with several of my own.
I answered in one word.
I answered incorrectly.
I answered many questions.
I answered neither of the letters.
I answered no to both questions.
I answered no.
I answered nothing.
I answered one.
I answered that I would come.
I answered the call.
I answered the door when I heard the knock, but there was no one there.
I answered the door.
I answered the phone.
I answered the question.
I answered the questions correctly.
I answered them.
I answered with joy.
I answered without hesitation.
I answered wrong.
I answered yes.
I answered your questions. Now let me ask you a few.
I answered, "Yes, I want it."
I answered.
I anticipate a good vacation.
I anticipate that that won't be a problem.
I anticipate that there will be problems on their expedition.
I anticipate that there will be trouble.
I anticipate that will happen.
I anticipated a quiet vacation in the mountains.
I anticipated failing the exam.
I anticipated his question.
I anticipated that would happen.
I anticipated that.
I anticipated this.
I anticipated trouble.
I apologise for any inconvenience caused.
I apologise for arriving late.
I apologise for being impolite.
I apologise for coming round at such a late hour.
I apologise for last week.
I apologise for misjudging you.
I apologise for my rude behaviour.
I apologise for my rudeness.
I apologise for that.
I apologise for the mess.
I apologise on Tom's behalf. What he has done is wrong.
I apologise.
I apologised immediately.
I apologised.
I apologize again.
I apologize for Tom's behavior.
I apologize for Tom.
I apologize for all the spelling errors.
I apologize for any inconvenience caused.
I apologize for any problems I may have caused.
I apologize for any problems that I may have caused.
I apologize for arriving late.
I apologize for asking so many questions.
I apologize for being late.
I apologize for being so clumsy.
I apologize for being so late.
I apologize for being such an idiot.
I apologize for calling so late.
I apologize for coming by at such a late hour.
I apologize for disturbing you like this.
I apologize for having to leave.
I apologize for her.
I apologize for him.
I apologize for how I behaved yesterday.
I apologize for it.
I apologize for last week.
I apologize for misjudging you.
I apologize for my bad handwriting.
I apologize for my behavior.
I apologize for my choice of words.
I apologize for my mistakes.
I apologize for my past conduct.
I apologize for my rudeness.
I apologize for not coming sooner.
I apologize for not doing this sooner.
I apologize for not having the solutions you were looking for.
I apologize for not replying right away.
I apologize for not writing to you before.
I apologize for putting you in such a difficult situation.
I apologize for saying that.
I apologize for showing up unannounced.
I apologize for taking you for granted.
I apologize for talking to you like that.
I apologize for that!
I apologize for that.
I apologize for the confusion.
I apologize for the delay in replying.
I apologize for the delay in sending the agenda.
I apologize for the delay.
I apologize for the interruption.
I apologize for the late reply.
I apologize for the mess.
I apologize for the methods used to get you here.
I apologize for the mistake.
I apologize for the subterfuge.
I apologize for the wait.
I apologize for this.
I apologize for what Elias did to you.
I apologize for what I did yesterday.
I apologize for what I said.
I apologize for what Tom has done.
I apologize for what happened here yesterday.
I apologize for what happened yesterday.
I apologize for what's happened here.
I apologize for whatever's about to happen.
I apologize for yesterday.
I apologize if I forgot any others.
I apologize if I hurt your feelings.
I apologize if I offended you.
I apologize if my words were unclear.
I apologize in advance for his behaviour.
I apologize in advance to all the women.
I apologize in advance.
I apologize in front of all of you.
I apologize sincerely. All of this is my fault.
I apologize that I'm not able to give a better reference to this work.
I apologize that I’m not able to give a better reference to this work.
I apologize to all of you.
I apologize to everyone.
I apologize to those of you who might have been offended; that was never my intention.
I apologize.
I apologize. It was my mistake.
I apologized for doing that last week.
I apologized for doing that yesterday.
I apologized for doing what I did.
I apologized for having been late for school.
I apologized for my behavior.
I apologized for what I did.
I apologized immediately.
I apologized in French.
I apologized profusely for my being late.
I apologized profusely.
I apologized to Tom for being late.
I apologized to Tom for doing that.
I apologized to Tom for that.
I apologized to Tom for what I did.
I apologized to Tom today.
I apologized to Tom.
I apologized to her for stepping on her foot.
I apologized to her for that.
I apologized to him for that.
I apologized to my boss.
I apologized to my teacher.
I apologized to the waitress.
I apologized to the whole team.
I apologized to them for that.
I apologized to you for that.
I apologized, but even then she wouldn't speak to me.
I apologized, but even then she wouldn’t speak to me.
I apologized.
I apparently did that incorrectly.
I apparently did that the wrong way.
I apparently did that wrong.
I apparently didn't have to do that.
I apparently didn't need to do that.
I apparently don't have to do that.
I apparently don't need to do that.
I apparently have to do that.
I apparently made a few mistakes.
I apparently need to do that.
I apparently needed to do that.
I apparently should have done that.
I apparently should've done that.
I apparently shouldn't have done that.
I appeal to any members of the public with information to come forward.
I appeal to him for his advice.
I appeal to stop the bloodshed immediately.
I appeal to you to contribute to the new clinic.
I appear to be lost.
I appear to have misplaced my keys.
I appeared before the tribunal.
I appeared in court.
I appeared on television once, but I never knew which channel I was on.
I appeared on television once, but nobody believes me.
I appeared on television once.
I appeared unarmed.
I applaud Tom's decision.
I applaud their efforts.
I applaud this research.
I applaud your decision to quit smoking.
I applaud your decision to study medicine.
I applaud your intent.
I applauded.
I applied a fat daub of paint to the canvas.
I applied for a job as a French teacher.
I applied for a job as a lifeguard at the community pool.
I applied for a job at the company where you work.
I applied for a job on their website.
I applied for a position in the office.
I applied for a summer internship.
I applied for a visa.
I applied for an Austrian passport.
I applied for citizenship.
I applied for jobs all over the country.
I applied for membership in the association.
I applied for that position.
I applied for the job and got it.
I applied for the job that Tom told me about.
I applied for the job.
I applied for the position of branch manager.
I applied for this job.
I applied my heart to know wisdom, and to know madness and folly. I perceived that this also was a chasing after wind.
I applied my heart to know wisdom, and to know madness and folly. I perceived that this also was a chasing after wind. For in much wisdom is much grief; and he who increases knowledge increases sorrow.
I applied my heart to seek and to search out by wisdom concerning all that is done under the sky. It is a heavy burden that God has given to the children of mankind to be afflicted with.
I applied on their website for a job.
I applied there.
I applied to a job a week or two ago, but they had already found someone.
I applied to be an attendant at the exposition.
I applied to law school.
I applied to the school for the lab assistant position.
I applied your strategy.
I appreciate Kabyle oil.
I appreciate Tom's honesty.
I appreciate Tom's personality.
I appreciate all the help I can get.
I appreciate all this.
I appreciate all you did.
I appreciate all you do for me.
I appreciate all you have done for me.
I appreciate all you've done for me.
I appreciate all you've done.
I appreciate all your advice.
I appreciate all your help.
I appreciate any assistance you can offer.
I appreciate anything you can do.
I appreciate being by myself rather than in a crowd.
I appreciate being surrounded by nature.
I appreciate every second we spend together.
I appreciate everybody's support.
I appreciate everything Tom and Mary have done for us.
I appreciate everything Tom has done for me.
I appreciate everything Tom has done for us.
I appreciate everything you're doing to help me.
I appreciate everything you've done for me.
I appreciate everything you've done for us.
I appreciate everything you've done.
I appreciate familiar settings.
I appreciate fashion, but I'm not a slave to it.
I appreciate foreign languages!
I appreciate good music.
I appreciate having discussions with you.
I appreciate her loyalty.
I appreciate him because he's honest.
I appreciate his warmth.
I appreciate his way of thinking.
I appreciate how hard you've worked to grow this business.
I appreciate how hard you’ve worked to grow this business.
I appreciate how he checks in on me regularly.
I appreciate how you feel.
I appreciate how you listen to me.
I appreciate it a lot.
I appreciate it very much.
I appreciate it when a native speaker tries to help me sound more like a native speaker.
I appreciate it, but I think I shouldn't.
I appreciate it, but I think I shouldn’t.
I appreciate it.
I appreciate original ideas.
I appreciate our friendship very much.
I appreciate simplicity.
I appreciate small acts of kindness.
I appreciate sweet things and books.
I appreciate that about him a lot.
I appreciate that this is not an easy task for you.
I appreciate that this isn't an easy task for you.
I appreciate that very much.
I appreciate that you are very fatigued.
I appreciate that you have not had time to write.
I appreciate that you haven't had time to write.
I appreciate that you're helping me with my homework, but you don't have to be so demeaning.
I appreciate that you're telling me the truth.
I appreciate that, Tom.
I appreciate that.
I appreciate the advice.
I appreciate the beauty of everyday life.
I appreciate the compliment.
I appreciate the confidence.
I appreciate the courtesy.
I appreciate the diversity of perspectives that Carlos brings as a colleague.
I appreciate the effort.
I appreciate the faith you've shown in me.
I appreciate the gesture, but it's not enough.
I appreciate the gesture.
I appreciate the help.
I appreciate the hospitality.
I appreciate the idea.
I appreciate the innovative ideas that Carlos brings to our team as a colleague.
I appreciate the invitation, but I can't go.
I appreciate the invitation.
I appreciate the kindness of strangers.
I appreciate the lateness of the hour.
I appreciate the library's quietness.
I appreciate the lift.
I appreciate the mouthfeel of penises.
I appreciate the mutual respect that Carlos and I have as colleagues.
I appreciate the offer but I can't leave my band.
I appreciate the offer, but I can't accept it.
I appreciate the offer, but I can't accept.
I appreciate the offer.
I appreciate the positive attitude that Carlos brings to the workplace as a colleague.
I appreciate the quietness that comes with snow.
I appreciate the sentiment.
I appreciate the support.
I appreciate the thoroughness of your report.
I appreciate the thought.
I appreciate the time constraints you're under.
I appreciate the time we spend together.
I appreciate the trust in our relationship.
I appreciate the trust you've shown in me.
I appreciate the update.
I appreciate the updates.
I appreciate the value of what you're offering.
I appreciate the way they tackle important issues with sensitivity.
I appreciate the world of books.
I appreciate their sincerity.
I appreciate their work.
I appreciate this opportunity.
I appreciate this so much.
I appreciate this.
I appreciate those who invest time in getting to know me.
I appreciate what Tom did for me.
I appreciate what Tom did.
I appreciate what Tom has done for me.
I appreciate what Tom said.
I appreciate what he did for me.
I appreciate what she did for me.
I appreciate what you are trying to do.
I appreciate what you did earlier.
I appreciate what you did for me.
I appreciate what you did today.
I appreciate what you did yesterday.
I appreciate what you do for me.
I appreciate what you're doing, but I don't think it'll help.
I appreciate what you're trying to do.
I appreciate what you've been able to achieve.
I appreciate what you've done for me.
I appreciate what you've done for us.
I appreciate what you’ve done for me.
I appreciate white tea.
I appreciate you agreeing to meet with me.
I appreciate you being here.
I appreciate you being there for me whenever I need you.
I appreciate you believing in me so much.
I appreciate you calling me.
I appreciate you coming here.
I appreciate you for your talent.
I appreciate you giving me a break.
I appreciate you helping me with this.
I appreciate you looking out for me.
I appreciate you making the time to see me.
I appreciate you saying that, though.
I appreciate you seeing me on such short notice.
I appreciate you stopping by.
I appreciate you supporting me when things were tough.
I appreciate you taking the time to help.
I appreciate you talking to me.
I appreciate you telling me.
I appreciate you trying to cheer me up.
I appreciate you trying to help me.
I appreciate you.
I appreciate your advice.
I appreciate your answering my enquiry so promptly.
I appreciate your answering my inquiry so promptly.
I appreciate your apology.
I appreciate your assistance.
I appreciate your attention to detail.
I appreciate your candor.
I appreciate your candour.
I appreciate your coming all the way.
I appreciate your coming on such short notice.
I appreciate your coming to see me.
I appreciate your coming.
I appreciate your comment.
I appreciate your comments.
I appreciate your concern, I really do, but I'd also appreciate it if you'd allow me to do this my own way.
I appreciate your concern, but I am confident in my ability to provide my children with the education they deserve.
I appreciate your concern, but let me make it clear that the education of my children is my business, not yours.
I appreciate your concern.
I appreciate your confidence in me.
I appreciate your confidence.
I appreciate your conviction.
I appreciate your cooperation.
I appreciate your courtesy.
I appreciate your directness.
I appreciate your discretion.
I appreciate your efforts to help me.
I appreciate your efforts.
I appreciate your enthusiasm.
I appreciate your family.
I appreciate your fears about security at the site.
I appreciate your feedback.
I appreciate your feelings, but jealousy isn't healthy.
I appreciate your feelings.
I appreciate your friendship more than you can realize.
I appreciate your generosity.
I appreciate your graciousness and efforts on my behalf.
I appreciate your help in clarifying this.
I appreciate your help on this.
I appreciate your help very much.
I appreciate your help.
I appreciate your honesty.
I appreciate your hospitality.
I appreciate your insights.
I appreciate your integrity.
I appreciate your interest.
I appreciate your invitation, but I'm afraid I can't come.
I appreciate your invitation, but I'm afraid that I can't come.
I appreciate your invitation, but...
I appreciate your kind letter.
I appreciate your kind words.
I appreciate your kindness more than words can express.
I appreciate your kindness.
I appreciate your motives.
I appreciate your offer, but I'd like to try to do this on my own.
I appreciate your offer, but no, thanks.
I appreciate your offer.
I appreciate your open-mindedness on all subjects.
I appreciate your passion, not your paycheck.
I appreciate your patience, and thank you.
I appreciate your patience.
I appreciate your point of view.
I appreciate your position.
I appreciate your problem, but it can't be helped.
I appreciate your problem, but it can’t be helped.
I appreciate your problem.
I appreciate your prompt payment.
I appreciate your prompt reply.
I appreciate your prudence.
I appreciate your request to reproduce 70 copies of my report.
I appreciate your responsible nature.
I appreciate your restraint.
I appreciate your sensitivity.
I appreciate your situation.
I appreciate your suggestion.
I appreciate your support at this tough period.
I appreciate your support.
I appreciate your taking the time to see me.
I appreciate your telling me this face-to-face.
I appreciate your telling me.
I appreciate your thoughtfulness.
I appreciate your thoughts.
I appreciate your time.
I appreciate your trust in my abilities, but I'm afraid I'm no longer that good.
I appreciate your trying to protect me.
I appreciate your understanding in this matter.
I appreciate your understanding.
I appreciate your vigilance.
I appreciate your work.
I appreciated Tom doing that.
I appreciated Tom's help.
I appreciated all my teachers.
I appreciated everything Tom said.
I appreciated her kindness, while I feel it burdensome.
I appreciated her sentiments.
I appreciated his innocence during that moment.
I appreciated it.
I appreciated my neighbor's generous offer.
I appreciated my neighbor’s generous offer.
I appreciated that.
I appreciated the help.
I appreciated the opportunity.
I appreciated your help.
I appreciated your joke.
I appreciated your kindness.
I approach every situation with an open mind.
I approach my destination.
I approached Mina.
I approached and knocked at the door, which was instantly opened by a tall, gaunt woman with a harsh, forbidding face.
I approached her, stopping a few steps away.
I approached my father about an increase in allowance.
I approached the rocks.
I approached the well.
I approached the window.
I approve his suggestion.
I approve of everything that he does.
I approve of everything that he says.
I approve of everything that you did, except this.
I approve of everything that you did.
I approve of everything that you said.
I approve of her plan.
I approve of this message.
I approve of this statement of his.
I approve of your plan.
I approve of your proposal.
I approve the suggestion.
I approve their plan.
I approve your project.
I approve your proposal.
I approve.
I approved it.
I approved of the way Tom was doing things.
I argue almost every day.
I argue that the structuralist theory suffers from a number of irredeemable flaws that render it of little or no value.
I argued her out of going skiing.
I argued him into consent.
I argued passionately about something that wasn't relevant.
I argued with Tom a little bit.
I argued with Tom about that.
I argued with Tom.
I argued with Yoko a little bit.
I argued with all of the boys whose parents are wealthy.
I argued with everybody.
I argued with everyone.
I argued with her.
I argued with him about it.
I argued with him about the new plan.
I argued with him.
I argued with my brothers.
I argued with my father.
I argued with my sister.
I argued with my wife.
I argued with the bus driver.
I argued with the cop.
I argued with them about the matter.
I argued with them.
I argued with your father.
I argued with your mother.
I armed myself with a knife.
I arranged a meeting at the train station with her at five o'clock.
I arranged a meeting on the train station with her at five o’clock
I arranged catering for tomorrow's party.
I arranged catering for tomorrow’s party.
I arranged for a car to meet you at the airport.
I arranged for him to meet them.
I arranged for him to visit us.
I arranged my class schedule so that we can spend more time together.
I arranged my schedule so we can spend more time together.
I arranged that he be admitted to a good hospital.
I arranged the business with Mr Brown.
I arranged to meet her at the park.
I arrested many thieves at the same time.
I arrested one.
I arrive at work at 8:30.
I arrive at work at eight in the morning.
I arrive at your house in one hour.
I arrive between noon and two o'clock.
I arrive by train soon.
I arrive in Mexico the first weekend of March.
I arrive on Saturday.
I arrive precisely when I mean to.
I arrived a few days ago.
I arrived after Tom had left.
I arrived after him.
I arrived after the concert was over.
I arrived after the meeting was over.
I arrived after the party was over.
I arrived after them.
I arrived ahead of the others.
I arrived an hour early for my appointment.
I arrived at 2.30.
I arrived at 2:30.
I arrived at Narita Airport this morning.
I arrived at Narita the day before yesterday.
I arrived at Osaka Station at night.
I arrived at Rima's house.
I arrived at a secluded forest.
I arrived at about 2 p.m.
I arrived at midnight.
I arrived at night.
I arrived at school on time.
I arrived at the airport.
I arrived at the bus stop just after the bus left.
I arrived at the cafe right after 6:30 in the morning of the 7th of November of 2021. There were the three regular customers chatting at the front table: a Cantonese, a Nordic, and a Mediterranean. I drank steamed coconut milk and ate an oat bar and a bag of potato chips. It was quieter at that time.
I arrived at the cemetery.
I arrived at the forest.
I arrived at the front door of the building where I live.
I arrived at the hospital.
I arrived at the house tired.
I arrived at the house.
I arrived at the moment she was leaving.
I arrived at the spa at 8:30 AM and set up my massage table.
I arrived at the stadium at 4 PM but the game had already started.
I arrived at the stadium at 4:00 p.m., but the game had already started.
I arrived at the station after the train had departed.
I arrived at the station after the train had left.
I arrived at the station on time.
I arrived at the station ten minutes late.
I arrived at the station with three minutes to spare.
I arrived at the station.
I arrived at the village before dark.
I arrived at work.
I arrived back home earlier than usual.
I arrived before Tom did.
I arrived before Tom.
I arrived before him.
I arrived before the lesson was over.
I arrived by bike.
I arrived by car.
I arrived earlier than Tom.
I arrived early this morning.
I arrived early to get a good seat.
I arrived early.
I arrived exhausted.
I arrived first.
I arrived for my appointment an hour early.
I arrived from P.E. this morning.
I arrived from the village yesterday.
I arrived here a few minutes before you.
I arrived here a long time ago.
I arrived here about five o'clock.
I arrived here about five o’clock.
I arrived here at eight this morning.
I arrived here before you did.
I arrived here just now.
I arrived here last night.
I arrived here many moons ago.
I arrived here safely early this morning.
I arrived here three days ago.
I arrived here yesterday evening.
I arrived here yesterday.
I arrived home early.
I arrived home just as my parents were leaving.
I arrived home last Friday.
I arrived home last Monday.
I arrived home late.
I arrived home then I ate something.
I arrived home, thoroughly worn out, after getting lost in the mountain paths.
I arrived in Australia exactly one year ago today.
I arrived in Australia on Monday.
I arrived in Australia recently.
I arrived in Australia three days ago, but the rest of the family won't get here until the end of next week.
I arrived in Australia three days ago.
I arrived in Australia yesterday.
I arrived in Boston around 2:30.
I arrived in Boston at 2:30 yesterday afternoon.
I arrived in Boston at 2:30.
I arrived in Boston last Monday.
I arrived in Boston last night.
I arrived in Boston late yesterday afternoon.
I arrived in Boston on Monday.
I arrived in Boston recently.
I arrived in Boston the day before yesterday.
I arrived in Boston this afternoon.
I arrived in Boston three days ago, but the rest of the family won't get here until tomorrow.
I arrived in Boston yesterday.
I arrived in China.
I arrived in Kobe around two thirty.
I arrived in Kobe around two-thirty.
I arrived in London.
I arrived in Seattle.
I arrived in St. Petersburg at the very height of the October strike.
I arrived in Tokyo at midday.
I arrived in Tokyo at noon.
I arrived in Tokyo at twelve noon.
I arrived in Tokyo yesterday.
I arrived in good time.
I arrived in the village yesterday.
I arrived in time.
I arrived just in time for the appointment.
I arrived just in time for the plane.
I arrived just now.
I arrived just when Tom and Mary were leaving.
I arrived just when Tom was leaving.
I arrived just when he was leaving.
I arrived last night.
I arrived last.
I arrived late because I didn't get up at my usual time.
I arrived late because I ran into some unanticipated traffic.
I arrived late for the celebration.
I arrived late last night.
I arrived late, so I didn't hear everything.
I arrived late.
I arrived later than usual.
I arrived on Monday and left the following day.
I arrived on Monday and left the next day.
I arrived on Monday.
I arrived on the camp ground.
I arrived on the night he left.
I arrived on time for the last bus.
I arrived on time.
I arrived outside the dressing room.
I arrived quickly.
I arrived safe and sound this morning.
I arrived safely.
I arrived there before Tom did.
I arrived there before Tom.
I arrived there too early.
I arrived this afternoon.
I arrived three days ago.
I arrived too early.
I arrived too late and missed the train.
I arrived too late to hear Tom's speech.
I arrived too late to hear his speech.
I arrived too late.
I arrived two weeks ago.
I arrived very early to the office.
I arrived very late.
I arrived within 30 minutes.
I arrived without knowing if I would stay. Now I'm leaving with the certainty that I'll be back.
I arrived yesterday.
I arrived.
I as a human being, need respect.
I as well as my brother am to blame.
I as well as you am to blame.
I as well as you was late for school yesterday.
I ascertained that he was still alive.
I ask God to forgive me for my sins.
I ask God to give me the strength to complete my tasks.
I ask Tom the same questions every time I see him.
I ask Tom the same thing every time I see him.
I ask a lot of questions.
I ask about apples, and you answer me about pears.
I ask all foreigners who say they want to teach English in Japan: What would be your dream job if you could never go to Japan? That is what you should do in Japan.
I ask for help from you.
I ask for patience.
I ask for quite a bit.
I ask for your forgiveness. I take my words back.
I ask for your understanding!
I ask for your understanding.
I ask forgiveness.
I ask her a question.
I ask myself if I'll be married some day.
I ask myself if this sentence will survive till the end of the world.
I ask myself that every day.
I ask myself the same question.
I ask myself the same thing.
I ask myself this question every day.
I ask myself too many questions.
I ask myself what could make people do things like this.
I ask myself who will be Tatoeba's first victim.
I ask myself why I am helping him.
I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders.
I ask out of mere curiosity.
I ask out of pure curiosity.
I ask questions to my doctor.
I ask that we arrive early.
I ask that you forgive me.
I ask that you listen.
I ask the librarian to recommend something new and interesting to me.
I ask them questions about the past.
I ask these questions by way of finding out the cause of the accident.
I ask to see your daughter.
I ask you a question.
I ask you as a friend.
I ask you for help.
I ask you for nothing.
I ask you for your opinion.
I ask you not to fulfill for me any of my requests.
I ask you not to interfere.
I ask you not to smoke in my living room.
I ask you the same question.
I ask you to be more diligent from now on.
I ask you to be patient.
I ask you to come her a minute.
I ask you to forgive me.
I ask you to please trust me.
I ask you to remember this once and for all.
I ask you to spare me your caustic remarks.
I ask you, he's been cheating me!
I ask you, he’s been cheating me!
I ask you, please eat!
I ask your forgiveness from the bottom of my heart for what I've done.
I ask your forgiveness.
I ask your soul and consciousness: Would life be worth living without the death penalty?
I asked Adil, and it looks like Teacher Erkin has retired.
I asked Ann if she were a student.
I asked Benedito for his salad recipe and he graciously shared it.
I asked Benedito to make me a salad to-go for lunch.
I asked Benedito to make me a salad with extra avocado.
I asked Benedito to make me a salad with extra bacon.
I asked Benedito to make me a salad with extra bell peppers.
I asked Benedito to make me a salad with extra carrots.
I asked Benedito to make me a salad with extra cheese.
I asked Benedito to make me a salad with extra dressing.
I asked Benedito to make me a salad with extra olives.
I asked Benedito to make me a salad with extra radishes.
I asked Benedito to make me a salad with extra tomatoes.
I asked Bill what the weather had been like during his travel.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
I asked God for a bike, but I realized that that wasn't his method. So I stole a bike and asked God for forgiveness.
I asked God for help.
I asked God to be with me.
I asked God to guide me.
I asked God to help.
I asked Gustavo for a movie recommendation.
I asked Jamal to stay, but for a different reason.
I asked Ken to help me.
I asked Maria to watch the children.
I asked Mary for a can of stewed tomatoes from the grocery store just before it closed.
I asked Mary for her address.
I asked Mary for her keys.
I asked Mary how much time she thought it would take.
I asked Mary how she'd do it.
I asked Mary how she'd do that.
I asked Mary if I could talk to her in private.
I asked Mary if she could have it ready by 2:30.
I asked Mary if she could speak French.
I asked Mary if she had any suggestions.
I asked Mary if she had ever kissed a boy.
I asked Mary if she knew Tom.
I asked Mary if she knew anybody who could teach my children French.
I asked Mary if she knew anybody who taught French.
I asked Mary if she knew anybody who taught swimming.
I asked Mary if she knew him well.
I asked Mary if she liked Chinese food.
I asked Mary if she liked studying French.
I asked Mary if she needed money.
I asked Mary if she needed more money.
I asked Mary if she needed more time.
I asked Mary if she understood.
I asked Mary if she wanted to drive.
I asked Mary if she wanted to go abroad.
I asked Mary if she wanted to go and she said no.
I asked Mary if she wanted to go swimming.
I asked Mary if she wanted to go to Boston with me.
I asked Mary if she wanted to go to a movie with me.
I asked Mary if she was OK.
I asked Mary if she was busy.
I asked Mary if she'd go, too.
I asked Mary if she'd mind doing that.
I asked Mary is she wanted to go to a party with me and she said yes.
I asked Mary not to go there, but she went anyway.
I asked Mary out on a date.
I asked Mary out, but she turned me down.
I asked Mary out.
I asked Mary some questions and she answered all of them.
I asked Mary to behave herself.
I asked Mary to clean her room.
I asked Mary to come yesterday, but she didn't come.
I asked Mary to dance with me.
I asked Mary to do that as soon as she could.
I asked Mary to do that by herself.
I asked Mary to explain what she meant.
I asked Mary to marry me.
I asked Mary to send me books to learn German.
I asked Mary to sing that song she used to always sing.
I asked Mary to tell me what she wanted.
I asked Mary to the prom.
I asked Mary what had happened, but she wouldn't tell me.
I asked Mary what happened, but she wouldn't tell me.
I asked Mary what she meant.
I asked Mary what she thought of Tom.
I asked Mary what she thought was going to happen.
I asked Mary what she thought we should do.
I asked Mary what she thought.
I asked Mary what she wanted for Christmas.
I asked Mary what she wanted to do.
I asked Mary what she wanted to drink.
I asked Mary what she wanted to eat.
I asked Mary what she was doing.
I asked Mary what she was drinking.
I asked Mary what she was eating.
I asked Mary what she was reading.
I asked Mary what she'd advise.
I asked Mary what she'd do if she were me.
I asked Mary what she'd do.
I asked Mary what she'd like to do.
I asked Mary what she'd suggest.
I asked Mary what time she was planning on leaving.
I asked Mary what time she was planning to leave.
I asked Mary when she had started studying French.
I asked Mary when she thought Tom would get here.
I asked Mary when she was planning on going to Boston.
I asked Mary when she was planning to go to Boston.
I asked Mary where she and Tom had first met each other.
I asked Mary where she lived.
I asked Mary where she wanted to eat.
I asked Mary where she wanted to go.
I asked Mary where she was going.
I asked Mary where she'd been.
I asked Mary where she'd gone.
I asked Mary where she's from.
I asked Mary whether she wanted to go or not.
I asked Mary whether she wanted to go to Boston with me.
I asked Mary why she agreed to do that.
I asked Mary why she did it.
I asked Mary why she did that the way she did it.
I asked Mary why she did that.
I asked Mary why she didn't do that.
I asked Mary why she didn't like Tom.
I asked Mary why she didn't want to go to the zoo with us.
I asked Mary why she had gone to Boston.
I asked Mary why she liked Boston.
I asked Mary why she never got remarried after her husband died.
I asked Mary why she never remarried.
I asked Mary why she never studied French.
I asked Mary why she thought that was important.
I asked Mary why she waited so long.
I asked Mary why she wanted to go to Boston.
I asked Mary why she wanted to study French.
I asked Mary why she was crying.
I asked Mary why she was in Boston.
I asked Mary why she was sad.
I asked Mary why she was studying French.
I asked Mary why she was unhappy.
I asked Mary why she wasn't at the party last night.
I asked Mary why she wasn't happy.
I asked Mary why she wasn't here yesterday.
I asked Mary why she wasn't planning on going to Boston with us.
I asked Mary why she wasn't planning to go to Boston with us.
I asked Mary why she'd never gotten married.
I asked Mary why she'd never studied French.
I asked Mary, but she didn't know.
I asked Mike to help me.
I asked Mom to get some for you.
I asked Mother to wake me up at four.
I asked Mr Smith to come and see me.
I asked Mr Smith.
I asked Nancy to stay at home.
I asked Robert to grab that thing on the shelf.
I asked Skura for her telephone number.
I asked Skura to drive me to the office.
I asked Thomas if he had ever kissed a girl.
I asked Tom a couple of questions in French.
I asked Tom a couple of questions.
I asked Tom a difficult question.
I asked Tom a favor.
I asked Tom a few questions.
I asked Tom a lot of questions that he couldn't answer.
I asked Tom a lot of questions.
I asked Tom a question.
I asked Tom about Mary.
I asked Tom about his education.
I asked Tom about his job.
I asked Tom about his mother.
I asked Tom about his new book.
I asked Tom about his new job.
I asked Tom about his work.
I asked Tom about it.
I asked Tom about that several times.
I asked Tom about that.
I asked Tom about the accident.
I asked Tom all about it.
I asked Tom all sorts of questions.
I asked Tom all the same questions that Mary had asked me.
I asked Tom and Maria why they had never gotten married. And what did they say?
I asked Tom and Mary for their address.
I asked Tom and Mary for their addresses.
I asked Tom and Mary for their keys.
I asked Tom and Mary for their opinions.
I asked Tom and Mary how much time they thought it would take.
I asked Tom and Mary how they'd do it.
I asked Tom and Mary how they'd do that.
I asked Tom and Mary if they could have it ready by 2:30.
I asked Tom and Mary if they knew anybody who could teach my children French.
I asked Tom and Mary if they knew anybody who taught French.
I asked Tom and Mary if they knew anybody who taught swimming.
I asked Tom and Mary if they knew anyone who could teach my children French.
I asked Tom and Mary if they knew anyone who taught French.
I asked Tom and Mary if they knew anyone who taught swimming.
I asked Tom and Mary if they wanted to go and they said no.
I asked Tom and Mary if they wanted to go to Boston with me.
I asked Tom and Mary if they wanted to go to a movie with me.
I asked Tom and Mary if they were OK.
I asked Tom and Mary if they were busy.
I asked Tom and Mary if they'd go, too.
I asked Tom and Mary if they'd mind doing that.
I asked Tom and Mary not to go there, but they went anyway.
I asked Tom and Mary some questions and they answered all of them.
I asked Tom and Mary to behave themselves.
I asked Tom and Mary to clean their room.
I asked Tom and Mary to clean their rooms.
I asked Tom and Mary to come yesterday, but they didn't come.
I asked Tom and Mary to do that as soon as they could.
I asked Tom and Mary to do that by themselves.
I asked Tom and Mary to introduce John to me.
I asked Tom and Mary to sing that song they used to always sing.
I asked Tom and Mary what had happened, but they wouldn't tell me.
I asked Tom and Mary what happened, but they wouldn't tell me.
I asked Tom and Mary what they thought was going to happen.
I asked Tom and Mary what they were doing.
I asked Tom and Mary what they were drinking.
I asked Tom and Mary what they were eating.
I asked Tom and Mary what they were reading.
I asked Tom and Mary what they'd advise.
I asked Tom and Mary what they'd do if they were me.
I asked Tom and Mary what they'd do.
I asked Tom and Mary what they'd suggest.
I asked Tom and Mary what time they were planning on leaving.
I asked Tom and Mary what time they were planning to leave.
I asked Tom and Mary when they had started studying French.
I asked Tom and Mary when they thought John would get here.
I asked Tom and Mary when they were planning on going to Boston.
I asked Tom and Mary when they were planning to go to Boston.
I asked Tom and Mary where they were going.
I asked Tom and Mary where they'd been.
I asked Tom and Mary where they'd gone.
I asked Tom and Mary whether they wanted to go or not.
I asked Tom and Mary whether they wanted to go to Boston with me.
I asked Tom and Mary why they agreed to do that.
I asked Tom and Mary why they did that the way they did it.
I asked Tom and Mary why they did that.
I asked Tom and Mary why they didn't do that.
I asked Tom and Mary why they didn't want to go to the zoo with us.
I asked Tom and Mary why they thought that was important.
I asked Tom and Mary why they wanted to go to Boston.
I asked Tom and Mary why they wanted to study French.
I asked Tom and Mary why they were crying.
I asked Tom and Mary why they were in Boston.
I asked Tom and Mary why they were sad.
I asked Tom and Mary why they were studying French.
I asked Tom and Mary why they were unhappy.
I asked Tom and Mary why they weren't at the party last night.
I asked Tom and Mary why they weren't happy.
I asked Tom and Mary why they weren't here yesterday.
I asked Tom and Mary why they weren't planning on going to Boston with us.
I asked Tom and Mary why they weren't planning to go to Boston with us.
I asked Tom and Mary why they'd never gotten married.
I asked Tom and Mary why they'd never studied French.
I asked Tom flat out.
I asked Tom for Mary's phone number.
I asked Tom for a can of tomato sauce.
I asked Tom for a favor.
I asked Tom for a glass of water.
I asked Tom for advice because I wasn't sure what I should do.
I asked Tom for advice.
I asked Tom for details.
I asked Tom for help.
I asked Tom for his address.
I asked Tom for his advice.
I asked Tom for his help.
I asked Tom for his keys.
I asked Tom for his number.
I asked Tom for his opinion.
I asked Tom for his phone number.
I asked Tom for his telephone number.
I asked Tom for money.
I asked Tom for more details.
I asked Tom for permission to do that.
I asked Tom for permission.
I asked Tom for some advice.
I asked Tom for some help.
I asked Tom for some money.
I asked Tom for something he couldn't give me.
I asked Tom for something that he couldn't give me.
I asked Tom for the recipe, but he said it was a secret.
I asked Tom for water.
I asked Tom get home before Monday.
I asked Tom how I could help.
I asked Tom how he did it.
I asked Tom how he did that.
I asked Tom how he had enjoyed his visit to Prague.
I asked Tom how he liked his new job.
I asked Tom how he was doing and he replied that he was doing OK.
I asked Tom how he was.
I asked Tom how he'd do it.
I asked Tom how he'd do that.
I asked Tom how his job was going.
I asked Tom how long he had lived in Australia.
I asked Tom how long he had lived in Boston.
I asked Tom how long he lived in Australia.
I asked Tom how long he lived in Boston.
I asked Tom how long he'd lived in Australia.
I asked Tom how long he'd lived in Boston.
I asked Tom how long he'd studied French.
I asked Tom how many guns he had.
I asked Tom how many guns he owned.
I asked Tom how many languages he spoke.
I asked Tom how many students were still in the classroom.
I asked Tom how much he expected to be paid.
I asked Tom how much he paid for his new car.
I asked Tom how much he thought it would cost to get someone to paint our house.
I asked Tom how much he wanted to be paid.
I asked Tom how much he weighed.
I asked Tom how much time he thought it would take.
I asked Tom how often he and Mary played tennis together.
I asked Tom how often he played tennis.
I asked Tom how to do that.
I asked Tom how well he knew Mary.
I asked Tom if I could borrow his bicycle.
I asked Tom if I could borrow his car.
I asked Tom if I could borrow his umbrella.
I asked Tom if I could borrow some money.
I asked Tom if I could borrow thirty dollars from him.
I asked Tom if I could borrow thirty dollars.
I asked Tom if I could close the windows.
I asked Tom if I could do that again.
I asked Tom if I could do that with him.
I asked Tom if I could do that.
I asked Tom if I could eat with him.
I asked Tom if I could go home earlier today.
I asked Tom if I could go home early today.
I asked Tom if I could have another slice of pizza.
I asked Tom if I could hold his hand.
I asked Tom if I could kiss him.
I asked Tom if I could look through his photo album.
I asked Tom if I could play his guitar.
I asked Tom if I could ride his bicycle.
I asked Tom if I could see him again.
I asked Tom if I could see his driver's license.
I asked Tom if I could sing with him.
I asked Tom if I could talk to him in private.
I asked Tom if I could use his computer.
I asked Tom if I could watch TV with him.
I asked Tom if I really had to do that.
I asked Tom if I should help Mary.
I asked Tom if I was on the list of people invited to the party.
I asked Tom if Mary was OK.
I asked Tom if Mary was at home, and he told me that she wasn't.
I asked Tom if any of his sisters were still single.
I asked Tom if any of his sisters were unmarried.
I asked Tom if anybody was in the classroom.
I asked Tom if anyone was in the classroom.
I asked Tom if dinner was ready.
I asked Tom if he agreed.
I asked Tom if he could do that.
I asked Tom if he could explain the rules of the game to us.
I asked Tom if he could have it ready by 2:30.
I asked Tom if he could help me.
I asked Tom if he could recommend a good lawyer.
I asked Tom if he could speak French.
I asked Tom if he did that.
I asked Tom if he had a cold, but he shook his head.
I asked Tom if he had a hangover.
I asked Tom if he had a pair of scissors that I could borrow.
I asked Tom if he had a safe deposit box.
I asked Tom if he had any suggestions.
I asked Tom if he had experience doing that.
I asked Tom if he had one.
I asked Tom if he knew Mary well.
I asked Tom if he knew Mary's address.
I asked Tom if he knew Mary.
I asked Tom if he knew anybody who could teach my children French.
I asked Tom if he knew anybody who taught French.
I asked Tom if he knew anybody who taught swimming.
I asked Tom if he knew anyone who could teach my children French.
I asked Tom if he knew anyone who taught French.
I asked Tom if he knew anyone who taught swimming.
I asked Tom if he knew her well.
I asked Tom if he knew how to do that.
I asked Tom if he knew my brother's name.
I asked Tom if he liked Chinese food.
I asked Tom if he liked studying French.
I asked Tom if he needed any help.
I asked Tom if he needed money.
I asked Tom if he needed more money.
I asked Tom if he needed more time.
I asked Tom if he really had to do that.
I asked Tom if he really needed to do that.
I asked Tom if he really thought I could do that.
I asked Tom if he really thought that I could do that.
I asked Tom if he really wanted to do that by himself.
I asked Tom if he really wanted to do that today.
I asked Tom if he really wanted to do that.
I asked Tom if he thought I could do that.
I asked Tom if he thought Mary could do that.
I asked Tom if he thought he could do that.
I asked Tom if he understood.
I asked Tom if he wanted it.
I asked Tom if he wanted something to eat and he said yes.
I asked Tom if he wanted to come with me.
I asked Tom if he wanted to do that this morning.
I asked Tom if he wanted to do that today.
I asked Tom if he wanted to do that.
I asked Tom if he wanted to drive.
I asked Tom if he wanted to go abroad.
I asked Tom if he wanted to go and he said no.
I asked Tom if he wanted to go swimming.
I asked Tom if he wanted to go to Australia with me.
I asked Tom if he wanted to go to Boston with me.
I asked Tom if he wanted to go to a movie with me.
I asked Tom if he wanted to say anything.
I asked Tom if he was OK.
I asked Tom if he was busy.
I asked Tom if he was cold, but he shook his head.
I asked Tom if he was going to do that.
I asked Tom if he was nervous.
I asked Tom if he was okay.
I asked Tom if he was planning on doing that.
I asked Tom if he was planning to do that.
I asked Tom if he would go, too.
I asked Tom if he would help me.
I asked Tom if he would mind doing that.
I asked Tom if he would mind helping us.
I asked Tom if he would take a train or bus to get there.
I asked Tom if he'd agree to do that.
I asked Tom if he'd do that.
I asked Tom if he'd done that by himself.
I asked Tom if he'd done that.
I asked Tom if he'd ever done that.
I asked Tom if he'd ever kissed a girl.
I asked Tom if he'd go, too.
I asked Tom if he'd like to do that on Monday.
I asked Tom if he'd like to do that on October 20th.
I asked Tom if he'd like to do that with Mary.
I asked Tom if he'd like to do that with me.
I asked Tom if he'd like to do that with us.
I asked Tom if he'd like to do that.
I asked Tom if there was something I could buy for him.
I asked Tom if we could meet.
I asked Tom if you were there, and he told me that you weren't.
I asked Tom many questions about his job.
I asked Tom many questions.
I asked Tom not to bother us.
I asked Tom not to call late at night.
I asked Tom not to do it, but he did it anyway.
I asked Tom not to do it. He did it anyway.
I asked Tom not to do that again.
I asked Tom not to do that anymore.
I asked Tom not to do that at school.
I asked Tom not to do that here.
I asked Tom not to do that.
I asked Tom not to drive fast.
I asked Tom not to drive so fast.
I asked Tom not to drive too fast.
I asked Tom not to get up.
I asked Tom not to go there with Mary.
I asked Tom not to go there with them.
I asked Tom not to go there, but he went anyway.
I asked Tom not to hurt anybody.
I asked Tom not to hurt anyone.
I asked Tom not to interfere.
I asked Tom not to leave.
I asked Tom not to overreact.
I asked Tom not to post my picture on his website.
I asked Tom not to tell Mary about that, but he did anyway.
I asked Tom not to tell Mary.
I asked Tom not to tell my parents what had happened.
I asked Tom not to wait for us.
I asked Tom not to wait.
I asked Tom not to wear his sister's clothes.
I asked Tom not to wear his sister’s clothes.
I asked Tom out.
I asked Tom personally if he'd like to do that.
I asked Tom personally to join our team.
I asked Tom point blank if he was going to do that.
I asked Tom point blank what he expected me to do.
I asked Tom point blank what he thought of me.
I asked Tom point blank what he wanted.
I asked Tom point blank what he was doing in my basement.
I asked Tom point blank what was going on.
I asked Tom point blank whether he ever really loved me.
I asked Tom point blank whether he wanted the job.
I asked Tom some questions about his childhood.
I asked Tom some questions and he answered all of them.
I asked Tom some questions.
I asked Tom that question, but he didn't answer me.
I asked Tom that question.
I asked Tom that very question.
I asked Tom the reason.
I asked Tom the same question I asked Mary.
I asked Tom the same question I'd asked Mary.
I asked Tom the same question that I asked Mary.
I asked Tom the same question.
I asked Tom the same questions I asked Mary.
I asked Tom the same questions that I asked Mary.
I asked Tom the same thing.
I asked Tom this morning if he wanted to go jogging with me.
I asked Tom to accompany me on my way home.
I asked Tom to air out the room.
I asked Tom to apologize to Mary.
I asked Tom to ask Mary if she liked me.
I asked Tom to be here 45 minutes ago.
I asked Tom to be here by 2:30.
I asked Tom to be here.
I asked Tom to be quiet.
I asked Tom to behave himself.
I asked Tom to buy me a ticket.
I asked Tom to buy some rat poison.
I asked Tom to call you.
I asked Tom to carry my suitcase.
I asked Tom to clean his room yesterday, and he still hasn't done it.
I asked Tom to clean his room.
I asked Tom to clean the bathtub.
I asked Tom to clean the room.
I asked Tom to close the door.
I asked Tom to close the windows.
I asked Tom to come and see me.
I asked Tom to come back.
I asked Tom to come early tomorrow.
I asked Tom to come here.
I asked Tom to come immediately.
I asked Tom to come in.
I asked Tom to come over for dinner.
I asked Tom to come over for lunch.
I asked Tom to come over right away.
I asked Tom to come over to collect my mail and feed my cat while I'm out of town.
I asked Tom to come over.
I asked Tom to come see me.
I asked Tom to come to Australia.
I asked Tom to come to Boston.
I asked Tom to come with me.
I asked Tom to come with us, but he said that he didn't want to.
I asked Tom to come yesterday, but he didn't come.
I asked Tom to come.
I asked Tom to confirm my findings.
I asked Tom to describe it.
I asked Tom to do it for me.
I asked Tom to do it.
I asked Tom to do me a favor.
I asked Tom to do something for me.
I asked Tom to do that as soon as he could.
I asked Tom to do that as soon as possible.
I asked Tom to do that before Monday.
I asked Tom to do that by himself.
I asked Tom to do that for me.
I asked Tom to do that for us.
I asked Tom to do that in October.
I asked Tom to do that on Monday.
I asked Tom to do that on October 20th.
I asked Tom to do that quickly.
I asked Tom to do that quietly.
I asked Tom to do that right away.
I asked Tom to do that three weeks ago, and he still hasn't done it.
I asked Tom to do that today.
I asked Tom to do that with Mary.
I asked Tom to do that yesterday.
I asked Tom to do that, but he refused.
I asked Tom to do that, not Mary.
I asked Tom to do that.
I asked Tom to do the same thing that Mary was doing.
I asked Tom to do this.
I asked Tom to drive Mary home.
I asked Tom to drive Mary to the library.
I asked Tom to drive me home.
I asked Tom to drive me to the train station.
I asked Tom to drive.
I asked Tom to drop me off at the airport.
I asked Tom to drop me off at the train station.
I asked Tom to email me the pictures he took yesterday.
I asked Tom to explain to me what his problem was.
I asked Tom to explain what he meant.
I asked Tom to explain.
I asked Tom to find out what Mary wanted to do.
I asked Tom to find out what Mary wanted.
I asked Tom to find out what Mary was looking for.
I asked Tom to find out what Mary was making for dinner.
I asked Tom to find out where Mary had parked her car.
I asked Tom to find out where Mary lived.
I asked Tom to find out who Mary want to go to Boston with.
I asked Tom to fix my bicycle.
I asked Tom to fix my car.
I asked Tom to fix the door.
I asked Tom to get some for you.
I asked Tom to give me a second chance.
I asked Tom to give me more time to do that.
I asked Tom to give me some water.
I asked Tom to give us more time to do that.
I asked Tom to go check on Mary.
I asked Tom to go for help.
I asked Tom to go shopping with Mary.
I asked Tom to go there.
I asked Tom to go to Australia with me.
I asked Tom to go to Boston with me.
I asked Tom to go to the supermarket and buy some bread.
I asked Tom to go with me to Boston.
I asked Tom to hang up the laundry.
I asked Tom to help Mary do that.
I asked Tom to help Mary.
I asked Tom to help make photocopies, but he tends to thumb his nose at jobs he thinks are "women's work."
I asked Tom to help me clean the pool.
I asked Tom to help me clean up after the party.
I asked Tom to help me do that.
I asked Tom to help me find a place to stay.
I asked Tom to help me get out of trouble.
I asked Tom to help me get to my feet.
I asked Tom to help me pull weeds in the garden.
I asked Tom to help me with my homework.
I asked Tom to help me.
I asked Tom to help out today.
I asked Tom to help us do that.
I asked Tom to help us.
I asked Tom to help.
I asked Tom to hurry.
I asked Tom to introduce Mary to me.
I asked Tom to join us.
I asked Tom to keep an open mind.
I asked Tom to keep me posted.
I asked Tom to keep quiet.
I asked Tom to leave Mary alone.
I asked Tom to leave me alone.
I asked Tom to leave my house.
I asked Tom to leave right away.
I asked Tom to leave the door unlocked.
I asked Tom to leave the house.
I asked Tom to leave.
I asked Tom to lend me his dictionary, but he refused.
I asked Tom to lend me some money, but he refused.
I asked Tom to lend me some money.
I asked Tom to let me go.
I asked Tom to let the dog out.
I asked Tom to lie for me.
I asked Tom to lie.
I asked Tom to make it.
I asked Tom to make sure that he didn't show up late.
I asked Tom to make sure that he didn’t show up late.
I asked Tom to make tea.
I asked Tom to make this for me.
I asked Tom to meet Mary at the station.
I asked Tom to meet me at 2:30.
I asked Tom to meet me at the train station.
I asked Tom to meet me in the morning.
I asked Tom to meet me.
I asked Tom to move his car.
I asked Tom to mow our lawn.
I asked Tom to oblige me, but to no avail.
I asked Tom to open a window.
I asked Tom to open the door for me.
I asked Tom to open the door.
I asked Tom to open the window.
I asked Tom to open the windows.
I asked Tom to pay his bill.
I asked Tom to play a song for me.
I asked Tom to play my favorite song.
I asked Tom to play the guitar.
I asked Tom to proofread my report.
I asked Tom to re-park his car.
I asked Tom to react with moderation.
I asked Tom to read me a story.
I asked Tom to send it at once.
I asked Tom to send the book to us.
I asked Tom to send us some money.
I asked Tom to send us the book.
I asked Tom to show Mary how to do that.
I asked Tom to show me how to do that.
I asked Tom to show me some pictures of his family.
I asked Tom to show us how to do that.
I asked Tom to show you how to do that.
I asked Tom to sign the documents.
I asked Tom to sign the papers.
I asked Tom to sing my favorite song.
I asked Tom to sing that song he used to always sing.
I asked Tom to sing.
I asked Tom to slow down.
I asked Tom to smile.
I asked Tom to speak French.
I asked Tom to spend the weekend with us.
I asked Tom to stay a little longer.
I asked Tom to stay at home.
I asked Tom to stay behind.
I asked Tom to stay calm.
I asked Tom to stay for dinner.
I asked Tom to stay in the house.
I asked Tom to stay out of it.
I asked Tom to stay with me.
I asked Tom to stay.
I asked Tom to stoke the fire.
I asked Tom to stop doing that.
I asked Tom to stop doing what he was doing.
I asked Tom to stop flirting with my girlfriend.
I asked Tom to stop following us.
I asked Tom to stop making noise.
I asked Tom to stop pounding on the wall.
I asked Tom to stop pursuing us.
I asked Tom to stop talking.
I asked Tom to stop the car.
I asked Tom to stop threatening me.
I asked Tom to stop.
I asked Tom to take his hat off.
I asked Tom to take my picture.
I asked Tom to take off his glasses.
I asked Tom to take off his hat.
I asked Tom to take over for me.
I asked Tom to take some pictures.
I asked Tom to talk to his parents.
I asked Tom to teach Mary how to do that.
I asked Tom to teach me French.
I asked Tom to teach me how to do that.
I asked Tom to teach me how to drive.
I asked Tom to tell Mary what needed to be done.
I asked Tom to tell me about his problem.
I asked Tom to tell me the secret, but he wouldn't.
I asked Tom to tell me what he wanted.
I asked Tom to tell me why Mary had changed her mind.
I asked Tom to tell me why he did that.
I asked Tom to tell me why he didn't do that.
I asked Tom to tell the truth.
I asked Tom to tell you I wasn't coming.
I asked Tom to tell you that I wasn't coming.
I asked Tom to throw me the keys.
I asked Tom to throw the keys to me.
I asked Tom to tidy up the room.
I asked Tom to translate that sentence into French for me.
I asked Tom to turn around.
I asked Tom to unlock the door.
I asked Tom to wait a minute.
I asked Tom to wait a moment.
I asked Tom to wait for Mary.
I asked Tom to wait for a few more minutes.
I asked Tom to wait for me at the train station.
I asked Tom to wait for me.
I asked Tom to wait for us.
I asked Tom to wait here.
I asked Tom to wait until we got there.
I asked Tom to wait.
I asked Tom to wake me up at 2:30.
I asked Tom to walk me home.
I asked Tom to watch my things.
I asked Tom to write the letter for me.
I asked Tom what I should bring to the party.
I asked Tom what I should do.
I asked Tom what had happened, but he didn't seem to know.
I asked Tom what had happened, but he wouldn't tell me.
I asked Tom what had happened.
I asked Tom what happened, but he wouldn't tell me.
I asked Tom what happened.
I asked Tom what he meant.
I asked Tom what he thought of Mary.
I asked Tom what he thought the right decision would be.
I asked Tom what he thought was going to happen.
I asked Tom what he thought we should do.
I asked Tom what he thought.
I asked Tom what he wanted for Christmas.
I asked Tom what he wanted to buy.
I asked Tom what he wanted to do.
I asked Tom what he wanted to drink.
I asked Tom what he wanted to eat.
I asked Tom what he wanted to see.
I asked Tom what he wanted.
I asked Tom what he was cooking.
I asked Tom what he was doing.
I asked Tom what he was drinking.
I asked Tom what he was eating.
I asked Tom what he was listening to and he surprised me by saying that he was listening to classical music.
I asked Tom what he was making.
I asked Tom what he was reading.
I asked Tom what he would advise.
I asked Tom what he'd advise.
I asked Tom what he'd do if he were me.
I asked Tom what he'd do.
I asked Tom what he'd done.
I asked Tom what he'd suggest.
I asked Tom what his deal was.
I asked Tom what his opinion was.
I asked Tom what his reasons for doing that were.
I asked Tom what his telephone number was.
I asked Tom what it meant.
I asked Tom what it was that Mary had asked him to do?
I asked Tom what movie he wanted to watch.
I asked Tom what that is.
I asked Tom what the matter was.
I asked Tom what time he was planning on leaving.
I asked Tom what was going on, but he wouldn't tell me.
I asked Tom what was wrong, but he ignored me.
I asked Tom what was wrong.
I asked Tom when I should do that.
I asked Tom when he agreed to do that.
I asked Tom when he began studying French.
I asked Tom when he did that.
I asked Tom when he had started studying French.
I asked Tom when he thought Mary would get here.
I asked Tom when he was planning to go to Boston.
I asked Tom where I should drop him off.
I asked Tom where I should park my car.
I asked Tom where Mary was.
I asked Tom where he and Mary had first met each other.
I asked Tom where he did that.
I asked Tom where he got that.
I asked Tom where he had been.
I asked Tom where he had bought his boots.
I asked Tom where he had bought his car.
I asked Tom where he had gone for lunch.
I asked Tom where he had gone to school.
I asked Tom where he had gone.
I asked Tom where he lived.
I asked Tom where he parked his car.
I asked Tom where he wanted to eat.
I asked Tom where he wanted to go.
I asked Tom where he was born.
I asked Tom where he was from.
I asked Tom where he was going.
I asked Tom where he worked.
I asked Tom where he'd been.
I asked Tom where he'd bought his bicycle.
I asked Tom where he'd gone to school.
I asked Tom where he'd gone.
I asked Tom where he'd like to go.
I asked Tom where he's from.
I asked Tom whether he knew Mary.
I asked Tom whether he needed any help.
I asked Tom whether he wanted to go or not.
I asked Tom whether he wanted to go to Boston with me.
I asked Tom whether he wanted to say anything.
I asked Tom whether it was true.
I asked Tom which one he preferred.
I asked Tom which one he thought I should buy.
I asked Tom who did it.
I asked Tom who did that.
I asked Tom who he was planning to go to Boston with.
I asked Tom who his French teacher was.
I asked Tom why I had to do that.
I asked Tom why I needed to do that.
I asked Tom why I should do that.
I asked Tom why I shouldn't do that.
I asked Tom why I shouldn't leave early.
I asked Tom why he agreed to do that.
I asked Tom why he did it.
I asked Tom why he did that the way I did it.
I asked Tom why he did that the way he did it.
I asked Tom why he did that.
I asked Tom why he didn't do that.
I asked Tom why he didn't like Mary.
I asked Tom why he didn't try doing that by himself.
I asked Tom why he didn't want to go to the zoo with us.
I asked Tom why he had gone to Australia.
I asked Tom why he had gone to Boston.
I asked Tom why he had never gotten married.
I asked Tom why he had never studied French.
I asked Tom why he had to do that.
I asked Tom why he hadn't done that.
I asked Tom why he liked Australia.
I asked Tom why he liked Boston.
I asked Tom why he looked so sad.
I asked Tom why he never remarried.
I asked Tom why he never studied French.
I asked Tom why he thought Mary wouldn't be at school today.
I asked Tom why he thought that Mary wouldn't be at school today.
I asked Tom why he thought that was important.
I asked Tom why he waited so long.
I asked Tom why he wanted this.
I asked Tom why he wanted to do that.
I asked Tom why he wanted to go to Australia.
I asked Tom why he wanted to go to Boston.
I asked Tom why he wanted to study French.
I asked Tom why he was angry.
I asked Tom why he was crying.
I asked Tom why he was in Australia.
I asked Tom why he was in Boston.
I asked Tom why he was laughing.
I asked Tom why he was sad.
I asked Tom why he was so sad.
I asked Tom why he was studying French.
I asked Tom why he was unhappy.
I asked Tom why he wasn't at the party last night.
I asked Tom why he wasn't happy.
I asked Tom why he wasn't here yesterday.
I asked Tom why he wasn't planning to go to Boston with us.
I asked Tom why he wouldn't do that.
I asked Tom why he'd changed his mind.
I asked Tom why he'd come so early.
I asked Tom why he'd done that.
I asked Tom why he'd never studied French.
I asked Tom why.
I asked Tom, but he didn't know.
I asked Tom.
I asked Tony a question.
I asked a crooked person to fetch me a sickle; he brought me back some wind.
I asked a favor of him.
I asked a few questions about Rima.
I asked a friend of mine if he believed in the big bang theory. He replied: – Of course! The Universe is a huge explosion... of intelligence!
I asked a friend of mine to help us.
I asked a friend to help me.
I asked a lot of questions about Islam.
I asked a lot of questions.
I asked a passer-by which way to go.
I asked a policeman for directions.
I asked a question of him.
I asked a simple question.
I asked about her stomach, because yesterday she wasn't feeling well.
I asked about it again.
I asked about the music.
I asked after Tom.
I asked after him.
I asked after my sick friend.
I asked an escobar to go get me something; he brought me his alter ego.
I asked around about Tom.
I asked around about her.
I asked around about him.
I asked around about them.
I asked around about you.
I asked around and everybody says Tom is a good guy.
I asked around and there don't seem to be any stores around here that sell that.
I asked around for Tom.
I asked around, but nobody seemed to have any idea how to fix the problem.
I asked because I thought you knew.
I asked both Tom and Mary where John lived, but neither of them knew.
I asked each boy three questions.
I asked everybody the same question.
I asked everybody what that was.
I asked everyone the same question.
I asked everyone what that was.
I asked first.
I asked for Bob's help.
I asked for Bob’s help.
I asked for Mr Smith.
I asked for Tom's help.
I asked for Tom.
I asked for a beer.
I asked for a brandy.
I asked for a decaf.
I asked for a few more details.
I asked for a glass of milk.
I asked for a hot drink a few minutes ago.
I asked for a meeting.
I asked for a menu of fried rice in a ramen shop.
I asked for a raise.
I asked for a receipt.
I asked for a refund.
I asked for a seat in the no-smoking compartment.
I asked for a seat in the no-smoking section.
I asked for a seat in the non-smoking section.
I asked for a seat in the smoking section.
I asked for a separation, I don't want to know about you and your father anymore, you have ruined my life.
I asked for a table over there.
I asked for an appointment, but he wouldn't spare me the time.
I asked for an appointment, but he wouldn’t spare me the time.
I asked for directions.
I asked for food.
I asked for grape juice.
I asked for help.
I asked for her approval.
I asked for her.
I asked for him.
I asked for his help.
I asked for money.
I asked for more details.
I asked for more salt for my chips.
I asked for more salt on my chips.
I asked for my father's help.
I asked for my father.
I asked for my father’s help.
I asked for my money back.
I asked for one.
I asked for permission to do that.
I asked for some time off.
I asked for something else.
I asked for something to eat.
I asked for the key and went upstairs to my room.
I asked for their approval.
I asked for them to be examined.
I asked for them to be looked at.
I asked for this thirty minutes ago.
I asked for three hundred dollars.
I asked for three things.
I asked for time off from work and went home.
I asked for time.
I asked for two cups of tea and three cups of coffee.
I asked for you.
I asked forgiveness for the mistake I made.
I asked her a difficult question.
I asked her a favor.
I asked her a few questions.
I asked her about her trip in Kabylie.
I asked her but she didn't answer.
I asked her but she didn't respond.
I asked her for a date, only to have her say no.
I asked her for a date.
I asked her for a kiss, but I received a "no."
I asked her for her address.
I asked her for one last kiss.
I asked her for some advice.
I asked her if I could read the book.
I asked her if he liked Chinese food.
I asked her if he was busy.
I asked her if lunch was finished.
I asked her if she could go to the party.
I asked her if she had been to Mexico.
I asked her if she knew his address.
I asked her if she wanted to go for a walk.
I asked her if she wanted to go out and she said yes.
I asked her if she was busy.
I asked her if she was going out.
I asked her if she was okay.
I asked her if she'd ever been to Mexico.
I asked her if she's well.
I asked her many times.
I asked her not to bother me.
I asked her not to interfere.
I asked her not to lie to me.
I asked her not to overreact.
I asked her on a date and she said yes.
I asked her out and she said yes.
I asked her out on a date.
I asked her out, but she said no.
I asked her out.
I asked her the same question.
I asked her the same thing.
I asked her to be here by six.
I asked her to be here.
I asked her to call me at five o'clock.
I asked her to call me at five o’clock.
I asked her to call you.
I asked her to close the door.
I asked her to come in.
I asked her to come over.
I asked her to come see me.
I asked her to come with me.
I asked her to come.
I asked her to dance.
I asked her to describe it.
I asked her to do it for me.
I asked her to do that.
I asked her to go into the ladies' waiting room, but she informed me gravely that she preferred to stay outside.
I asked her to go to a movie with me.
I asked her to help out today.
I asked her to help.
I asked her to introduce him to me.
I asked her to join us.
I asked her to keep quiet.
I asked her to leave at once.
I asked her to leave.
I asked her to make four copies of the letter.
I asked her to make tea.
I asked her to marry me and she accepted.
I asked her to marry me.
I asked her to not get angry with me.
I asked her to open the door.
I asked her to pick me up around four.
I asked her to play the guitar.
I asked her to please stop.
I asked her to send us the book.
I asked her to sign the papers.
I asked her to slowly read off the numbers on the meter.
I asked her to stay out of it.
I asked her to stop.
I asked her to teach me French.
I asked her to turn around.
I asked her to unlock the door.
I asked her to wait a minute.
I asked her to wait a moment.
I asked her to wait here.
I asked her to wait, but she left.
I asked her to watch my things.
I asked her to wear this Kabyle dress.
I asked her what happened, but she wouldn't tell me.
I asked her what kind of music she liked.
I asked her what was wrong.
I asked her who she thought she was.
I asked her who the man wearing the white hat was.
I asked her why she was crying.
I asked her why she was late.
I asked her, she answered me.
I asked her.
I asked him a difficult question.
I asked him a favor.
I asked him a few questions.
I asked him a question.
I asked him about his new book.
I asked him about that, but he didn't respond.
I asked him about the accident.
I asked him about the music.
I asked him about what he did yesterday.
I asked him about what he witnessed, but he wasn't very forthcoming.
I asked him about what he witnessed, but he wasn’t very forthcoming.
I asked him but he didn't answer.
I asked him but he didn't respond.
I asked him for a favor.
I asked him for a kiss, but I received a "no."
I asked him for a lot money.
I asked him for a walk to the pond, but he was standoffish to me and didn't accept it.
I asked him for advice.
I asked him for directions to the bathroom.
I asked him for help.
I asked him for his name.
I asked him for his phone number.
I asked him for some advice.
I asked him his name.
I asked him how his day was.
I asked him if I could read his book.
I asked him if I could read it.
I asked him if I could read them.
I asked him if I could talk to him in private.
I asked him if he could deliver the book to us.
I asked him if he could do me a favor. He said he couldn't right now, but would get back to me later on today.
I asked him if he could give me a lift to school.
I asked him if he had drugged her.
I asked him if he had enjoyed himself the day before.
I asked him if he had finished painting the room.
I asked him if he had got my letter.
I asked him if he knew her address.
I asked him if he knew her well.
I asked him if he knew her.
I asked him if he knew my name.
I asked him if he wanted a watch.
I asked him if he was busy.
I asked him if he would go there the next day.
I asked him if he would go too.
I asked him if he would help me.
I asked him if he would return soon.
I asked him if he would scratch my back.
I asked him if he'd ever been to Mexico.
I asked him if it was ever permissible for a parent to punish their child.
I asked him if she was busy.
I asked him if you will come with me, but he didn't even answer.
I asked him many questions about ecology.
I asked him not to bother me.
I asked him not to drive fast.
I asked him not to drive so fast.
I asked him not to get angry with me.
I asked him not to go, but he left all the same.
I asked him not to interfere.
I asked him not to overreact.
I asked him not to play the piano late at night.
I asked him out and he said yes.
I asked him out, but he said no.
I asked him out.
I asked him point-blank.
I asked him several times, but he simply didn't reply.
I asked him the reason for his sadness.
I asked him the same question.
I asked him the same thing.
I asked him to answer soon after he received my letter.
I asked him to answer soon after he receives my letter.
I asked him to be here by six.
I asked him to be here.
I asked him to begin his trip at once.
I asked him to bring me some books.
I asked him to buy a duck, but he bought a pineapple.
I asked him to call you.
I asked him to close the door.
I asked him to come and see me.
I asked him to come at eight, but he turned up at nine.
I asked him to come in.
I asked him to come over.
I asked him to come see me.
I asked him to come with me and he agreed.
I asked him to come with me, for I was a stranger in that part of the city.
I asked him to come with me.
I asked him to come.
I asked him to describe it.
I asked him to do it for me.
I asked him to do that.
I asked him to drive me home.
I asked him to go there tomorrow.
I asked him to go to my room for my glasses.
I asked him to help me.
I asked him to help out today.
I asked him to help.
I asked him to introduce her to me.
I asked him to introduce me to her.
I asked him to join us.
I asked him to keep me posted.
I asked him to keep quiet.
I asked him to leave at once.
I asked him to leave.
I asked him to lend me some money.
I asked him to make four copies of the letter.
I asked him to make some tea.
I asked him to make tea.
I asked him to mend my shoes.
I asked him to open the door, but he would not do so.
I asked him to open the door.
I asked him to open the window.
I asked him to play the guitar.
I asked him to reconcile them with each other.
I asked him to send us the book.
I asked him to sign the papers.
I asked him to slowly read off the numbers on the meter.
I asked him to speak Berber.
I asked him to start at once.
I asked him to stay out of it.
I asked him to stop talking, but he still went on.
I asked him to stop the car.
I asked him to stop.
I asked him to sweep the floor.
I asked him to take me home.
I asked him to take some pictures.
I asked him to teach me French.
I asked him to teach us Berber.
I asked him to turn around.
I asked him to turn down the volume on his speakers.
I asked him to unlock the door.
I asked him to wait here.
I asked him to warm up some tea.
I asked him to watch my things.
I asked him what happened, but he wouldn't tell me.
I asked him what he wanted for his birthday.
I asked him what he was going to do.
I asked him what his name was.
I asked him what language he spoke, but he understood nothing.
I asked him what was causing his anxiety.
I asked him what was causing his restlessness.
I asked him what was wrong.
I asked him where I could park my car.
I asked him where I should park my car.
I asked him where he lived.
I asked him where he parked his car.
I asked him where he was going.
I asked him whether I could read it.
I asked him whether he had finished painting the room.
I asked him whether he needed anything else and what time I should wake him.
I asked him why he is so sad.
I asked him why he looked so sad.
I asked him why he seemed distant. He said he needed a break.
I asked him why he was crying.
I asked him why he was sad.
I asked him with good intentions, but he did not answer.
I asked him, but please ask him, too.
I asked him, he answered me.
I asked him.
I asked how Tom and Mary were.
I asked how Tom was.
I asked how many wars the general had fought.
I asked how you were.
I asked if I could do that.
I asked if I had to do that.
I asked if I needed to do that.
I asked if I really had to do that by myself.
I asked if I really had to do that today.
I asked if I really had to do that.
I asked if I really needed to do that by myself.
I asked if I really needed to do that.
I asked if I was really required to do that.
I asked if I was required to do that.
I asked if I was under arrest.
I asked if Tom could explain the rules of the game to us.
I asked if Tom had agreed to do that.
I asked if Tom had to do that today.
I asked if Tom had to do that, too.
I asked if Tom had to do that.
I asked if Tom wanted to do that.
I asked if Tom was coming.
I asked if anybody had seen Tom.
I asked if anyone had seen Tom.
I asked if everything was OK.
I asked if it would be OK if I did that.
I asked if it would be dangerous to do that.
I asked if it would be safe to do that.
I asked if she was cold but Liisa shook her head.
I asked if she were rich.
I asked if you wanted a ride.
I asked just in case.
I asked just out of curiosity.
I asked many people about the store, but no one had heard of it.
I asked many people for help, but so far I haven't had any luck.
I asked many persons about the store, but no one had heard of it.
I asked my aunt to tell the stories of her travels.
I asked my boss for a pay increase.
I asked my boss for a pay raise.
I asked my boss for a pay rise.
I asked my boss for a raise.
I asked my boss for a salary advance.
I asked my brother to repair my bicycle.
I asked my brother-in-law to come with me to Kabylie.
I asked my colleague to recap everything that was said in a few words.
I asked my colleague to recapitulate everything that was said in a few words.
I asked my colleague to summarize everything that was said in a few words.
I asked my dad for Berber classes.
I asked my dad to teach me Berber.
I asked my father to bring me to the circus.
I asked my father to buy this toy.
I asked my father to help you.
I asked my father what he thought of my new girlfriend. He only had this to say: "Dump her."
I asked my father, but he wouldn’t lend me the money.
I asked my friend for advice.
I asked my friend if he had noticed something weird in my speech. To my greatest astonishment, he said he hadn't.
I asked my friend to send me a couple coins of his country.
I asked my friend to take a picture.
I asked my friends for advice.
I asked my local member for a job, but he brushed me off.
I asked my magic mirror if there is anyone more beautiful than me. Maybe it will tell me once it is done laughing.
I asked my mom to wake me up at four.
I asked my mother if breakfast was ready.
I asked my mother to come and get me.
I asked my mother to make me some food.
I asked my mother to wake me up at four.
I asked my mother what to bring there.
I asked my mother what to take there.
I asked my older sister if I could borrow one of her dresses to wear to the dance.
I asked my son to send me a letter.
I asked my son to send me the letter.
I asked my son what he really wanted.
I asked my teacher for advice on my future course.
I asked my teacher what I should do next.
I asked my teacher what to do next.
I asked myself that same question.
I asked myself the same question.
I asked myself why.
I asked myself.
I asked only one question.
I asked our bloggers to reflect on their experiences, and to discuss any negative incidents they may have had with stereotyping or prejudice.
I asked questions.
I asked several people for directions, but none of them were able to help me.
I asked several people to do that for me, but none of them were willing to help me.
I asked so many questions about Islam.
I asked some questions.
I asked somebody to help me.
I asked somebody who he was.
I asked someone to help me.
I asked the bartender for another beer.
I asked the boss for a raise.
I asked the boy to throw the ball back.
I asked the boys if I could play, and they said no.
I asked the boys why they were laughing.
I asked the butcher to trim all the fat off of the meat.
I asked the butler to serve us some coffee.
I asked the cab driver to take me back to the mansion.
I asked the company for his resume.
I asked the doctor some questions.
I asked the driver if he spoke English.
I asked the driver if she spoke English.
I asked the grocery worker in the dairy section a question. He didn't respond. Then I noticed his hearing aid.
I asked the imam many questions.
I asked the imam questions about Islam.
I asked the imam some questions.
I asked the jeweler to inscribe my initials on the back my watch.
I asked the lawyer to make out my will.
I asked the logistics department if they could supply us with more equipment.
I asked the man at the door what his name was, but he wouldn't tell me.
I asked the man at the door what his name was.
I asked the man in the mirror: "How did you get in there?"
I asked the man in the shop if he could lower the price.
I asked the man what his name was.
I asked the neighbour to help me.
I asked the old man I met near the river if he spoke French.
I asked the other nurses but they couldn't find her.
I asked the patient if she had had any contact with people who had the virus.
I asked the question in Berber.
I asked the same question again.
I asked the same question to Tom that I asked Mary.
I asked the solicitor to make out my will.
I asked the stationery girl if they take pictures there.
I asked the stranger what his name was.
I asked the stranger where he was from.
I asked the student to quiet down. It was like talking to a wall, nothing happened.
I asked the student what image he had of black people.
I asked the teacher for help.
I asked the teacher which was the better.
I asked the villagers many times to let me die.
I asked the waiter to bring us the daily special.
I asked the waiter to see about getting us a better table.
I asked the waiter where the post office is located.
I asked the waitress for another cup of coffee.
I asked them a few questions.
I asked them for advice.
I asked them for some advice.
I asked them for something.
I asked them how dinner was, but no one answered.
I asked them how dinner was, but nobody answered me.
I asked them how the dinner was, but no one answered.
I asked them not to give me any birthday presents.
I asked them not to interfere.
I asked them not to overreact.
I asked them the same question.
I asked them the same thing.
I asked them to be here.
I asked them to call you.
I asked them to close the door.
I asked them to come in.
I asked them to come over.
I asked them to come see me.
I asked them to come with me.
I asked them to come.
I asked them to describe it.
I asked them to do it for me.
I asked them to fix my car.
I asked them to form a queue.
I asked them to help out today.
I asked them to help.
I asked them to join us.
I asked them to keep quiet.
I asked them to leave the house.
I asked them to leave.
I asked them to line up.
I asked them to play me a song.
I asked them to sign the papers.
I asked them to stay out of it.
I asked them to stop.
I asked them to turn around.
I asked them to turn down the music.
I asked them to unlock the door.
I asked them to watch my things.
I asked them what they were doing.
I asked them what was wrong.
I asked them where the railway station was.
I asked them where they're from.
I asked them.
I asked to be left alone.
I asked to see Tom.
I asked to talk to the store manager.
I asked twenty friends to the party.
I asked twenty people to my party but not all of them came.
I asked what Tom and Mary were reading.
I asked what Tom is reading.
I asked what Tom was reading.
I asked what happened.
I asked what he was going to do.
I asked what was wrong.
I asked when the exam starts.
I asked when we'd go to the beach.
I asked where Tom and Mary were.
I asked where Tom was.
I asked where he had been.
I asked where she lived.
I asked where to go.
I asked whether Tom was planning on doing that or not.
I asked whether Tom was planning to do that or not.
I asked whether she could sew for me.
I asked whether the flowers were blooming.
I asked who he was.
I asked who she was.
I asked who wouldn't come tomorrow.
I asked who wouldn't do that tomorrow.
I asked why Tom and Mary were late.
I asked why Tom was late.
I asked why Tom was required to do that.
I asked why he was required to do that.
I asked why.
I asked you a question.
I asked you a question. Answer it.
I asked you a question. You haven't answered me.
I asked you first.
I asked you for an explanation, but the one you gave me is unsatisfactory.
I asked you for the truth.
I asked you how you found this last translation.
I asked you if you wanted some help.
I asked you last night.
I asked you not to be late.
I asked you not to come here.
I asked you not to do it.
I asked you not to do that anymore.
I asked you not to do that.
I asked you not to get angry with me.
I asked you not to get up.
I asked you not to give him Coca Cola. Tom's hyperactive.
I asked you not to go there.
I asked you not to involve me in this.
I asked you not to make any noise.
I asked you not to play with that.
I asked you not to smoke in the office.
I asked you not to talk to Tom.
I asked you not to tell Tom.
I asked you not to tell Tom. Why did you?
I asked you to be quiet.
I asked you to buy beef, not pork.
I asked you to buy fish, not chicken!
I asked you to buy me a CD-RW, but you got me a CD-R.
I asked you to call me.
I asked you to come alone.
I asked you to come yesterday. Why didn't you come?
I asked you to do that.
I asked you to do this. Why didn't you?
I asked you to get Halloween candy.
I asked you to leave Tom alone.
I asked you to leave her alone.
I asked you to leave him alone.
I asked you to leave me alone.
I asked you to leave them alone.
I asked you to leave us alone.
I asked you to start a campfire, Tom, not a forest fire!
I asked you to stay out of my office.
I asked you to stay out of my room.
I asked you to stop doing that.
I asked you to stop it.
I asked you to stop.
I asked you to trim Tom's claws, not his whiskers!
I asked you to wait for me.
I asked you to write a summary, not rewrite the whole story word for word!
I asked you whether you needed help, and you said that you didn't.
I asked you whether you needed help.
I asked you whether you wanted help.
I asked you why.
I asked you, "is the work done?"
I asked.
I aspire to be a bog witch some day.
I aspire to be like Tom.
I aspire to be the happiest person on the planet.
I aspire to fame.
I aspire to have the world's highest level of happiness.
I aspire to live without fear of judgment.
I assemble car engines.
I assembled it.
I assembled one.
I assembled the sandwich on the bun.
I assert, that the tower of Babel was more similar to a pyramid than a tower.
I assisted her in moving the furniture.
I assisted my brother with his homework.
I associate it with this.
I associate strawberries with shortcake.
I associate this song with his name.
I associate with him in business.
I associated with many boys who had more or less regular sexual relations with prostitutes.
I assume Argentina will beat Turkey.
I assume I was invited.
I assume I'll have access to a car.
I assume Tom already knows about that.
I assume Tom and I are free to go.
I assume Tom and Mary are here to help.
I assume Tom and Mary are up to no good.
I assume Tom and Mary were kidding.
I assume Tom and Mary weren't at your party.
I assume Tom and Mary will get married.
I assume Tom can speak French.
I assume Tom can swim.
I assume Tom can't swim.
I assume Tom did all the driving.
I assume Tom didn't forget to buy the tickets.
I assume Tom didn't show up.
I assume Tom doesn't have that many friends.
I assume Tom doesn't have very many friends.
I assume Tom doesn't know how to swim.
I assume Tom is here to help.
I assume Tom is up to no good.
I assume Tom knows how to swim.
I assume Tom overdosed.
I assume Tom told Mary.
I assume Tom was kidding.
I assume Tom went back inside.
I assume Tom will be here today.
I assume Tom will be joining us later.
I assume Tom will be joining us.
I assume Tom will be late again.
I assume Tom will be the same as he was the last time that we saw him.
I assume Tom will be the same as he was the last time we saw him.
I assume Tom will eat dinner with us this evening.
I assume Tom will eventually be arrested for what he did.
I assume Tom will swim.
I assume Tom won't be at tonight's party.
I assume Tom would be reluctant to do that.
I assume Tom would be willing to do that.
I assume Tom would like to go to Australia with us.
I assume Tom would like to go to Boston with us.
I assume Tom's just messing with people.
I assume after work you're going home right away.
I assume all our equipment is still up to date.
I assume at some point Tom will just give up.
I assume both of you brought flashlights.
I assume both of you have brought flashlights.
I assume it was Tom's idea.
I assume it was all they wanted to say.
I assume it was an accident.
I assume it was unavoidable.
I assume it won't bother you if I take one of them.
I assume it's OK with you if I take one of these.
I assume it's clear to you now why we couldn't hire Tom.
I assume it's impossible to know exactly when that'll happen.
I assume it's not as easy as it sounds.
I assume it's not good.
I assume my answer is right.
I assume no one knows the answer.
I assume so.
I assume something good happened.
I assume that I was invited.
I assume that I'll have access to a car.
I assume that Tom and I are free to go.
I assume that Tom and Mary don't have that many friends.
I assume that Tom and Mary know how to swim.
I assume that Tom and Mary weren't at your party.
I assume that Tom and Mary will get married.
I assume that Tom can speak French.
I assume that Tom can swim.
I assume that Tom can't swim.
I assume that Tom did all the driving.
I assume that Tom didn't forget to buy the tickets.
I assume that Tom didn't show up.
I assume that Tom doesn't have that many friends.
I assume that Tom doesn't have very many friends.
I assume that Tom doesn't know how to swim.
I assume that Tom is here to help.
I assume that Tom is up to no good.
I assume that Tom knows how to swim.
I assume that Tom told Mary.
I assume that Tom was kidding.
I assume that Tom will be here today.
I assume that Tom will be joining us.
I assume that Tom will be late again.
I assume that Tom will be the same as he was the last time that we saw him.
I assume that Tom will be the same as he was the last time we saw him.
I assume that Tom will eat dinner with us this evening.
I assume that Tom will eventually be arrested for what he did.
I assume that Tom will swim.
I assume that Tom won't be at tonight's party.
I assume that Tom would be reluctant to do that.
I assume that Tom would be willing to do that.
I assume that Tom would like to go to Australia with us.
I assume that Tom would like to go to Boston with us.
I assume that after work you're going home right away.
I assume that all our equipment is still up to date.
I assume that at some point Tom will just give up.
I assume that both of you brought flashlights.
I assume that both of you have brought flashlights.
I assume that boy who looks so much like you is your brother.
I assume that it was Tom's idea.
I assume that it was all they wanted to say.
I assume that it was an accident.
I assume that it was unavoidable.
I assume that it's OK with you if I take one of these.
I assume that it's clear to you now why we couldn't hire Tom.
I assume that it's impossible to know exactly when that'll happen.
I assume that it's not as easy as it sounds.
I assume that it's not good.
I assume that it's okay with you if I take one of them.
I assume that no one knows the answer.
I assume that something good happened.
I assume that that was Tom's idea.
I assume that that was Tom's wife.
I assume that that was a rhetorical question.
I assume that that was the only way to get the job done in time.
I assume that that won't happen.
I assume that that's a joke.
I assume that that's the reason Tom isn't here.
I assume that that's what you want.
I assume that that's what you'd want to do.
I assume that the two of you know each other.
I assume that the whole document should be looked at and not just this one section.
I assume that there's somebody somewhere who can do what needs to be done.
I assume that there's somebody somewhere who likes Tom.
I assume that they chose Tom because he's the best person for the job.
I assume that they're taking the train to Brussels.
I assume that this has something to do with Tom.
I assume that this idea will work well.
I assume that this is due to the fact that Tom is a minor.
I assume that this is the problem.
I assume that this is what killed Tom.
I assume that this is what you're looking for.
I assume that this isn't the best time to ask for a promotion.
I assume that this was Tom's idea.
I assume that was Tom's idea.
I assume that was Tom's wife.
I assume that was a rhetorical question.
I assume that was the only way to get the job done in time.
I assume that we can do that.
I assume that we're doing a pretty good job since no one has complained.
I assume that we're doing a pretty good job since nobody has complained.
I assume that we're free to go.
I assume that won't happen.
I assume that you agree with me.
I assume that you all read about it.
I assume that you already know the answer.
I assume that you already tried asking Tom for help.
I assume that you are talking about Tom.
I assume that you asked Tom to tell Mary what the situation is.
I assume that you brought something to eat.
I assume that you can speak French.
I assume that you don't do that any more.
I assume that you don't need to do that anymore.
I assume that you don't need to do that.
I assume that you don't want me to leave.
I assume that you don't want this.
I assume that you don't want to do that.
I assume that you don't want to go swimming with us.
I assume that you don't want to go.
I assume that you found Tom.
I assume that you have a car.
I assume that you have a college degree.
I assume that you have a passport.
I assume that you have no intention of going ahead with our arrangement?
I assume that you have some information about this.
I assume that you haven't heard from Tom.
I assume that you haven't seen Tom this morning.
I assume that you heard about Tom's death.
I assume that you know Berber.
I assume that you know Tom.
I assume that you know a little about computer programming.
I assume that you know about Tom's problem.
I assume that you know how to fix the problem.
I assume that you know how to get to Tom's house.
I assume that you know the way to Tom's house.
I assume that you know there are no classes today.
I assume that you know what happened here yesterday.
I assume that you know what this is about.
I assume that you know what this is.
I assume that you know what to do.
I assume that you know what we're supposed to do next.
I assume that you know where Tom hid the key.
I assume that you know who Tom is.
I assume that you know who did this.
I assume that you know who that is.
I assume that you know why I'm here.
I assume that you must be a close friend of Tom's.
I assume that you only hire people who speak more than one language.
I assume that you share Tom's sentiments.
I assume that you still enjoy drinking beer.
I assume that you still live in Australia.
I assume that you still live in Boston.
I assume that you still play golf.
I assume that you studied French in high school.
I assume that you two know each other.
I assume that you would like to meet Tom.
I assume that you wouldn't want to do that.
I assume that you wouldn't want to sing.
I assume that you'd be willing to do that.
I assume that you'll be doing that.
I assume that you'll be eating lunch with Tom.
I assume that you'll be explaining why all this is necessary.
I assume that you'll be going to the dance with Tom.
I assume that you'll be here by 2:30.
I assume that you'll be here this afternoon.
I assume that you'll be investigating this.
I assume that you'll be paying me in cash.
I assume that you'll be taking a leave of absence.
I assume that you'll call me if you need anything else.
I assume that you'll not come to work tomorrow.
I assume that you'll want to stay here with us.
I assume that you're Canadian.
I assume that you're angry.
I assume that you're familiar with this concept.
I assume that you're getting paid for this.
I assume that you're going somewhere with this.
I assume that you're here to ask me about Tom.
I assume that you're here to volunteer.
I assume that you're in a hurry.
I assume that you're not here to volunteer.
I assume that you're not interested in going with us.
I assume that you're not interested in playing tennis with us this afternoon.
I assume that you're not interested.
I assume that you're qualified.
I assume that you're reasonable.
I assume that you're referring to Tom's problem.
I assume that you're referring to Tom.
I assume that you're referring to what happened here recently.
I assume that you're talking about Tom.
I assume that you're telling me now because you figured I'd find out anyway.
I assume that you're telling me now because you figured that I'd find out anyway.
I assume that you're the Tom everybody's been telling me about.
I assume that you're the Tom everyone's been telling me about.
I assume that you're willing to do that.
I assume that you're willing to take the risk.
I assume that you're working on correcting the mistakes.
I assume that you've already done that.
I assume that you've asked Tom to tell Mary what the situation is.
I assume that you've been to Boston.
I assume that you've done that already.
I assume that you've graduated from high school by now.
I assume that you've had breakfast.
I assume that you've heard about Tom's death.
I assume that you've heard about Tom's promotion.
I assume that you've heard about what happened here yesterday.
I assume that you've heard about what happened to Tom.
I assume that you've heard from Tom.
I assume that you've heard that we're having a meeting this afternoon.
I assume that you've proofread this already.
I assume that you've read my report.
I assume that you've talked to Tom.
I assume that your mission was a success.
I assume that your party was a success.
I assume that your phone is still not working.
I assume that's a joke.
I assume that's the reason Tom and Mary aren't here.
I assume that's the reason Tom isn't here.
I assume that's what you want.
I assume that's what you'd want to do.
I assume the two of you know each other.
I assume there's somebody somewhere who can do what needs to be done.
I assume there's somebody somewhere who likes Tom.
I assume they chose Tom because he's the best person for the job.
I assume they'll be getting the train to Brussels.
I assume they'll be taking the train to Brussels.
I assume they're getting the train to Brussels.
I assume this has something to do with Tom.
I assume this idea will work well.
I assume this is due to the fact that Tom is a minor.
I assume this is good.
I assume this is the problem.
I assume this is what killed Tom.
I assume this is what you're looking for.
I assume this isn't the best time to ask for a promotion.
I assume this was Tom's idea.
I assume we can do that.
I assume we're doing a pretty good job since no one has complained.
I assume we're doing a pretty good job since nobody has complained.
I assume we're free to go.
I assume you agree with me.
I assume you all read about it.
I assume you already know the answer.
I assume you already know.
I assume you already tried asking Tom for help.
I assume you are Canadian.
I assume you are talking about Tom.
I assume you asked Tom to tell Mary what the situation is.
I assume you both know each other.
I assume you brought something to eat.
I assume you can speak French.
I assume you don't need to do that anymore.
I assume you don't need to do that.
I assume you don't want me to leave.
I assume you don't want this.
I assume you don't want to go swimming with us.
I assume you don't want to go.
I assume you found Tom.
I assume you found her.
I assume you found him.
I assume you found them.
I assume you googled me.
I assume you have a car.
I assume you have a college degree.
I assume you have a passport.
I assume you have some information about this.
I assume you haven't heard from Tom.
I assume you haven't seen Tom this morning.
I assume you heard about Tom's death.
I assume you know Tom.
I assume you know a little about computer programming.
I assume you know about Tom's problem.
I assume you know how to fix the problem.
I assume you know how to get to Tom's house.
I assume you know the way to Tom's house.
I assume you know there are no classes today.
I assume you know what happened here yesterday.
I assume you know what this is about.
I assume you know what this is.
I assume you know what to do.
I assume you know what we're supposed to do next.
I assume you know where Tom hid the key.
I assume you know who Tom and Mary are.
I assume you know who Tom is.
I assume you know who did this.
I assume you know who that is.
I assume you know why I'm here.
I assume you must be a close friend of Tom's.
I assume you only hire people who speak more than one language.
I assume you share Tom's sentiments.
I assume you still enjoy drinking beer.
I assume you still live in Australia.
I assume you still live in Boston.
I assume you still play golf.
I assume you studied French in high school.
I assume you told Tom already.
I assume you told Tom the same thing.
I assume you two know each other.
I assume you were the one who did this.
I assume you would like to meet Tom.
I assume you wouldn't want to do that.
I assume you wouldn't want to sing.
I assume you'd be willing to do that.
I assume you'll be at Tom's party.
I assume you'll be eating lunch with Tom.
I assume you'll be explaining why all this is necessary.
I assume you'll be going to the dance with Tom.
I assume you'll be here by 2:30.
I assume you'll be here this afternoon.
I assume you'll be investigating this.
I assume you'll be paying me in cash.
I assume you'll be taking a leave of absence.
I assume you'll call me if you need anything else.
I assume you'll not come to work tomorrow.
I assume you'll want to stay here with us.
I assume you're Canadian.
I assume you're angry.
I assume you're aware?
I assume you're familiar with this concept.
I assume you're getting paid for this.
I assume you're going somewhere with this.
I assume you're here to ask me about Tom.
I assume you're here to volunteer.
I assume you're in a hurry.
I assume you're not aware that Tom loves you.
I assume you're not here to volunteer.
I assume you're not interested in going with us.
I assume you're not interested in playing tennis with us this afternoon.
I assume you're not interested.
I assume you're planning to go with us tomorrow.
I assume you're qualified.
I assume you're reasonable.
I assume you're referring to Tom's problem.
I assume you're referring to Tom.
I assume you're referring to what happened here recently.
I assume you're talking about Tom.
I assume you're telling me now because you figured I'd find out anyway.
I assume you're telling me now because you figured that I'd find out anyway.
I assume you're the Tom everybody's been telling me about.
I assume you're the Tom everyone's been telling me about.
I assume you're unaware that Tom loves you.
I assume you're willing to do that.
I assume you're willing to take the risk.
I assume you're working on correcting the mistakes.
I assume you've already done that.
I assume you've asked Tom to tell Mary what the situation is.
I assume you've been to Boston.
I assume you've done that already.
I assume you've googled me.
I assume you've graduated from high school by now.
I assume you've had breakfast.
I assume you've heard about Tom's death.
I assume you've heard about Tom's promotion.
I assume you've heard about what happened here yesterday.
I assume you've heard about what happened to Tom.
I assume you've heard from Tom.
I assume you've heard that we're having a meeting this afternoon.
I assume you've proofread this already.
I assume you've read my report.
I assume you've talked to Tom.
I assume your mission was a success.
I assume your party was a success.
I assume your phone is still not working.
I assume you’re willing to take the risk.
I assumed I'd go alone.
I assumed Mary was Tom's girlfriend.
I assumed Mary was your girlfriend.
I assumed Tom and Mary were asleep.
I assumed Tom and Mary were husband and wife.
I assumed Tom and Mary were planning to come.
I assumed Tom and Mary were still at home.
I assumed Tom and Mary were working with you guys.
I assumed Tom had paid the bill.
I assumed Tom had told you I would be here.
I assumed Tom had told you that I would be here.
I assumed Tom understood French.
I assumed Tom understood what we were talking about.
I assumed Tom was Mary's boyfriend.
I assumed Tom was a Canadian.
I assumed Tom was still at home.
I assumed Tom was there.
I assumed Tom was waiting for Mary.
I assumed Tom was working with you guys.
I assumed Tom was your boyfriend.
I assumed Tom would agree to do that.
I assumed Tom would be here today.
I assumed Tom would do something about that.
I assumed Tom would do that.
I assumed Tom would want to do that.
I assumed Tom would win.
I assumed Tom wouldn't do that.
I assumed Tom wouldn't wait for us.
I assumed Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I assumed Tom wouldn't win.
I assumed as much.
I assumed because we're brothers I could trust you.
I assumed because we're brothers that I could trust you.
I assumed he was her boyfriend.
I assumed he was your boyfriend.
I assumed it was Tom who wrote this report.
I assumed it was free.
I assumed it was love at first sight.
I assumed my house was haunted.
I assumed she was his daughter.
I assumed she was his girlfriend.
I assumed she was your girlfriend.
I assumed that I'd go alone.
I assumed that Mary was Tom's girlfriend.
I assumed that Mary was your girlfriend.
I assumed that Tom and Mary were husband and wife.
I assumed that Tom had paid the bill.
I assumed that Tom had told you I would be here.
I assumed that Tom had told you that I would be here.
I assumed that Tom understood French.
I assumed that Tom understood what we were talking about.
I assumed that Tom was Mary's boyfriend.
I assumed that Tom was a Canadian.
I assumed that Tom was still at home.
I assumed that Tom was there.
I assumed that Tom was waiting for Mary.
I assumed that Tom was working with you guys.
I assumed that Tom was your boyfriend.
I assumed that Tom would agree to do that.
I assumed that Tom would be here today.
I assumed that Tom would do something about that.
I assumed that Tom would do that.
I assumed that Tom would want to do that.
I assumed that Tom would win.
I assumed that Tom wouldn't do that.
I assumed that Tom wouldn't wait for us.
I assumed that Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I assumed that Tom wouldn't win.
I assumed that because we're brothers I could trust you.
I assumed that it was Tom who wrote this report.
I assumed that it was free.
I assumed that she was there.
I assumed that that was the reason you called me.
I assumed that that was why you called me.
I assumed that that's what was happening.
I assumed that that's what you'd wanted to do.
I assumed that there must be something else we had to do.
I assumed that was the reason you called me.
I assumed that was why you called me.
I assumed that we'd all do this together.
I assumed that you and I'd do that together.
I assumed that you and Tom were planning to come.
I assumed that you could have said something like that.
I assumed that you lived alone.
I assumed that you might be busy.
I assumed that you might be hungry so I brought some sandwiches.
I assumed that you might be hungry.
I assumed that you were Canadian.
I assumed that you were busy.
I assumed that you were happy.
I assumed that you were hungry.
I assumed that you were in charge.
I assumed that you would come.
I assumed that you would want to do that.
I assumed that you wouldn't do that.
I assumed that you wouldn't want to do that.
I assumed that you'd be up at this hour.
I assumed that you'd do that.
I assumed that you'd find out sooner or later.
I assumed that you'd go to Boston.
I assumed that you'd wait.
I assumed that you'd want me to help.
I assumed that you'd want me to pay.
I assumed that you'd want to do that.
I assumed that's what was happening.
I assumed that's what you'd want to do.
I assumed that's what you'd wanted to do.
I assumed there must be something else we had to do.
I assumed they'd give me a receipt.
I assumed we'd all do this together.
I assumed you and I'd do that together.
I assumed you and Tom were planning to come.
I assumed you googled me.
I assumed you lived alone.
I assumed you might be busy.
I assumed you might be hungry so I brought some sandwiches.
I assumed you might be hungry.
I assumed you were Canadian.
I assumed you were Kabyle because of your name.
I assumed you were busy.
I assumed you were happy.
I assumed you were hungry.
I assumed you were in charge.
I assumed you were offended.
I assumed you would come.
I assumed you would want to do that.
I assumed you wouldn't do that.
I assumed you wouldn't want to do that.
I assumed you'd be up at this hour.
I assumed you'd do that.
I assumed you'd find out sooner or later.
I assumed you'd go to Boston.
I assumed you'd wait.
I assumed you'd want me to help.
I assumed you'd want me to pay.
I assumed you'd want to do that.
I assure you I did not do it purposely.
I assure you I didn't intend to deceive you.
I assure you I didn't mean to scare you.
I assure you I feel quite well.
I assure you I won't be late.
I assure you I'll accept full responsibility.
I assure you I'll do everything possible to help you.
I assure you I'm in perfect health.
I assure you I've considered that possibility.
I assure you Tom and Mary are quite well.
I assure you Tom is quite well.
I assure you Tom will be completely safe.
I assure you Tom will be perfectly safe.
I assure you everything will be ready on time.
I assure you everything's fine.
I assure you it's quite unnecessary.
I assure you of my support.
I assure you that I can do that.
I assure you that I did not do it purposely.
I assure you that I didn't intend to deceive you.
I assure you that I won't be late.
I assure you that I won’t be late.
I assure you that I would break them if I could.
I assure you that I'd do that if I could.
I assure you that I'd do that if I were allowed to.
I assure you that I'm completely content with my own brain.
I assure you that an error like this will never happen again.
I assure you that everything is fine.
I assure you that everything's fine.
I assure you that isn't necessary.
I assure you that it is so.
I assure you that that isn't necessary.
I assure you that there is a reign of terror in the district, and that it is a hardy man who will cross the moor at night.
I assure you that this is not true.
I assure you that we care.
I assure you that will be done.
I assure you that won't be necessary.
I assure you that you're not going to be able to do it without help.
I assure you that's not the case.
I assure you there's nothing between us.
I assure you they're exactly the same.
I assure you this house with no other occupant but that sniveling woman is a miserable place.
I assure you this is about much more than money.
I assure you this is only temporary.
I assure you this is the real thing.
I assure you this isn't a joke.
I assure you this isn't just about money.
I assure you we'll be able to pay the rent on time.
I assure you we're doing everything we can to find Tom.
I assure you, Mr. Ambassador, that no disrespect was meant.
I assure you, Mr. Ambassador, that we didn't mean any disrespect.
I assure you, Skura, that I love you with all my heart. I promise.
I assure you, Skura, that in my heart there is no one else. I swear.
I assure you, Skura, that in my heart there is nothing but love for you. I promise.
I assure you, everything's fine.
I assure you, it's not them.
I assure you, my good Lestrade, that I have an excellent reason for everything that I do.
I assure you, that will not be necessary.
I assured Tom I could do that.
I assured Tom I wouldn't do that anymore.
I assured Tom I'd take care of it.
I assured Tom that I could do that.
I assured Tom that I would take care of it.
I assured Tom that I wouldn't do that again.
I assured Tom that I wouldn't do that anymore.
I assured Tom that I wouldn't do that.
I assured Tom that I wouldn't ever do that again.
I assured Tom that I'd do that.
I assured Tom that I'd have the report written before Monday.
I assured Tom that I'd never do that again.
I assured Tom that I'd take care of it.
I assured Tom that it would do him no harm.
I assured her that I would never leave her.
I assured them that it was just a temporary solution.
I at once concluded that Straker was leading a double life, and keeping a second establishment.
I ate Chinese steamed pork dumplings for lunch.
I ate Japanese food for the first time.
I ate Mary's sandwich and she ate mine.
I ate Tom's sandwich and he ate mine.
I ate Tom's sandwich.
I ate a Danish.
I ate a Japanese rice omelette.
I ate a Tahitian specialty.
I ate a bacon sandwich.
I ate a banana for dessert.
I ate a banana wrapped in edible rice paper and caramel.
I ate a banana.
I ate a big bowl of sauerkraut, every single morning.
I ate a big steak.
I ate a bit.
I ate a black-and-white cookie.
I ate a box of chocolates.
I ate a breakfast pastry.
I ate a bug.
I ate a bun for breakfast.
I ate a burdock root tempura.
I ate a burger, then went to bed.
I ate a cat.
I ate a chakli.
I ate a cheeseburger.
I ate a chicken lollipop.
I ate a chicken panini.
I ate a chicken sandwich.
I ate a coriander for breakfast.
I ate a couple apples.
I ate a couple of peanut butter sandwiches.
I ate a dhokla.
I ate a donut.
I ate a fly by mistake.
I ate a fresh lemon for the vitamin C.
I ate a fresh lemon for vitamin C.
I ate a golgappa.
I ate a greater burdock tempura.
I ate a gulab jamun.
I ate a half-moon cookie.
I ate a hamburger and ordered another.
I ate a hamburger at McDonald's.
I ate a hamburger at Tom's.
I ate a hamburger for lunch.
I ate a hamburger.
I ate a hasty lunch.
I ate a healthy lunch.
I ate a hot dog for lunch.
I ate a huge breakfast.
I ate a huge lunch, so I'll probably skip dinner.
I ate a huge sandwich this morning.
I ate a large bowl of pea soup yesterday.
I ate a large dinner and felt satisfied.
I ate a large dinner and my hunger was satisfied.
I ate a large piece of burek.
I ate a large pizza with a friend an hour ago.
I ate a large portion of burek.
I ate a late lunch yesterday.
I ate a light lunch.
I ate a little of everything.
I ate a little salad.
I ate a little too much yesterday.
I ate a little too much.
I ate a lot and spent little.
I ate a lot for breakfast.
I ate a lot for lunch.
I ate a lot of corn.
I ate a lot of french fries yesterday.
I ate a lot of fruit over the summer.
I ate a lot of meat when I was in Australia.
I ate a lot of pizza.
I ate a lot.
I ate a marang from Zamboanga.
I ate a modest breakfast of toast, coffee, and one egg.
I ate a mouthful of couscous.
I ate a nutritious breakfast.
I ate a packet of crisps on my way home.
I ate a packet of crisps on the way home.
I ate a panipuri.
I ate a papad.
I ate a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch.
I ate a peanut butter sandwich for lunch.
I ate a peanut butter sandwich.
I ate a pear.
I ate a pizza yesterday.
I ate a quarter of a cake.
I ate a quarter of the cake.
I ate a quick breakfast and left home.
I ate a quick lunch.
I ate a rat once when I was very hungry.
I ate a salad for dinner.
I ate a salad for lunch.
I ate a samosa.
I ate a sandwich at Subway.
I ate a sandwich with a thick slice of cheddar cheese.
I ate a shawarma.
I ate a shiny rock.
I ate a slice of Baumkuchen.
I ate a slice of ham.
I ate a slice of pie with a scoop of ice cream.
I ate a slice of pie.
I ate a slice of pizza.
I ate a slice of watermelon.
I ate a small salad.
I ate a tempeh, lettuce, and tomato sandwich with vegan mayo.
I ate a tomato.
I ate a tuna salad.
I ate a turkey sandwich.
I ate a very tasty sweet.
I ate a waffle in Liège.
I ate a whole box of dates.
I ate a whole lot of cookies.
I ate about as much as Tom did.
I ate about half of it and left the rest on my plate.
I ate about the same amount as I usually do.
I ate absolutely all of the food that you prepared.
I ate absolutely nothing the whole day.
I ate all my oranges.
I ate all of it.
I ate all of the food.
I ate all of them.
I ate all the apples.
I ate all the cookies that were on the plate.
I ate all the cookies.
I ate all the crackers.
I ate all the peanuts.
I ate all those apples.
I ate all your bees.
I ate alone.
I ate already.
I ate an Omurice.
I ate an apple before I went for a walk.
I ate an apple.
I ate an early lunch, so I'm pretty hungry now.
I ate an early lunch.
I ate an idli with sambar.
I ate an insect by accident.
I ate an insect.
I ate an orange.
I ate and drank.
I ate apples.
I ate as little as possible.
I ate as many hot dogs as I could.
I ate as many vegetables as you did.
I ate as many vegetables as you.
I ate as much as I wanted.
I ate as much as Tom did.
I ate as much as Tom.
I ate as much as you did.
I ate as much as you.
I ate as much meat as you.
I ate as quickly as I could.
I ate as quickly as I was able to.
I ate at 2:30.
I ate at Chuck's Diner yesterday.
I ate at a Chinese restaurant yesterday.
I ate at a curry house.
I ate at a nice restaurant.
I ate at a restaurant.
I ate at his home yesterday.
I ate at that restaurant over there.
I ate at the side of my friend.
I ate at three restaurants last week. I liked all three of them.
I ate bacon and eggs for breakfast.
I ate beans!
I ate before you got here.
I ate berkoukes to bursting point.
I ate berkoukes until I was full.
I ate beside my friend.
I ate bhel.
I ate bhelpuri.
I ate biryani yesterday.
I ate black sesame ice cream.
I ate boiled eggs.
I ate bread and butter this morning.
I ate bread and pepper.
I ate bread yesterday morning.
I ate bread.
I ate breakfast all by myself.
I ate breakfast and hurried to school.
I ate breakfast at eight.
I ate breakfast at the hotel at about seven o'clock this morning.
I ate breakfast by myself.
I ate breakfast in my pajamas.
I ate breakfast on my balcony.
I ate breakfast outside of my usual schedule.
I ate breakfast quickly so I would be in time for the first bus.
I ate breakfast standing.
I ate breakfast.
I ate brown pasta and drank apple cider.
I ate by myself.
I ate caviar.
I ate cereal for breakfast.
I ate chicken nuggets.
I ate chicken, which was in the refrigerator.
I ate chocolate cookies this morning.
I ate chocolate.
I ate couscous with chicken.
I ate couscous without sauce.
I ate couscous.
I ate crumbled bread.
I ate curry last night.
I ate curry rice last night.
I ate curry yesterday.
I ate dark chocolate from Germany.
I ate different fruits like apples and bananas and such. I also ate two potatoes.
I ate dinner an hour ago.
I ate dinner at a restaurant on Park Street.
I ate dinner at an expensive restaurant.
I ate dinner by myself.
I ate dinner in Boumerdas.
I ate dinner last night, but I don't think Tom did.
I ate dinner last night, but I don’t think Tom did.
I ate dinner while watching TV.
I ate dinner with my brother at a restaurant yesterday.
I ate durian for the first time.
I ate eggs yesterday.
I ate enough.
I ate even if I was not hungry.
I ate everything I was given.
I ate everything on my plate.
I ate everything on the plate.
I ate everything that Tom served me.
I ate everything there was.
I ate figs in Kabylie.
I ate first.
I ate fish and lentils.
I ate fish yesterday.
I ate five avocados.
I ate french fries.
I ate fried okra.
I ate fried rice and drank some beer.
I ate fried rice for lunch today.
I ate from dumpsters a lot.
I ate from the garbage cans on the sidewalk a lot.
I ate fruit.
I ate green noodles and drank apple cider.
I ate half the apple before I noticed there was a worm in it.
I ate half the bread.
I ate half the cake.
I ate ham and eggs for breakfast.
I ate her.
I ate him.
I ate ice cream all day long on my birthday.
I ate ice cream too.
I ate ice cream, too.
I ate in the canteen.
I ate it all by myself.
I ate it all up, but I'm still hungry.
I ate it because I was hungry.
I ate it once two years ago.
I ate it up.
I ate it.
I ate last night's leftovers for lunch.
I ate late last night.
I ate leftovers for lunch.
I ate less than Tom did.
I ate less than Tom.
I ate light.
I ate lobster at the festival.
I ate lots of delicious, juicy ham last Christmas.
I ate lunch alone.
I ate lunch at 12:30.
I ate lunch at Linda’s restaurant.
I ate lunch at around eleven because I was hungry.
I ate lunch at home.
I ate lunch at twelve-thirty.
I ate lunch before you.
I ate lunch earlier than you did.
I ate lunch in a hurry.
I ate lunch in the cafeteria with my friends.
I ate lunch in the cafeteria.
I ate lunch three hours ago.
I ate lunch two and a half hours ago.
I ate lunch two hours ago.
I ate lunch with Tom.
I ate lunch with her.
I ate lunch with my friends in the cafeteria.
I ate lunch with my friends.
I ate lunch.
I ate meatloaves.
I ate more than I should've at last night's party.
I ate more than usual yesterday.
I ate more than usual.
I ate much, but I'm still hungry.
I ate my dinner.
I ate my father.
I ate my heart.
I ate my lemon.
I ate my lunch a while ago.
I ate my lunch earlier.
I ate my lunch in the park.
I ate my sandwich.
I ate my soup.
I ate my strawberries.
I ate myself sick.
I ate neither breakfast nor lunch.
I ate noodles for the first time today.
I ate nothing but bread and butter.
I ate okonomiyaki.
I ate on the bus.
I ate one and then I ate the other.
I ate one of Tom's sandwiches.
I ate one of the three remaining donuts.
I ate one of those and it was terrible.
I ate one.
I ate only bananas.
I ate only bread.
I ate only one candy.
I ate out.
I ate peanuts.
I ate pineapple.
I ate pizza every day last week.
I ate pohe for breakfast.
I ate potato chips.
I ate potato flavoured village bread in my hometown, Bolu.
I ate quesadillas for breakfast.
I ate quickly.
I ate rice porridge in the morning.
I ate rice with curry last night.
I ate rice.
I ate sand.
I ate scrambled eggs and sausage for breakfast.
I ate sea urchin gonads as sushi.
I ate sevpuri.
I ate smoked salmon.
I ate snails.
I ate so many mandarins that my hands were stained yellow.
I ate so much at noon that my stomach still hurts.
I ate so much my stomach was about to burst.
I ate some Greek food at a nearby restaurant just a few days ago.
I ate some bread and a boiled egg for lunch.
I ate some cake.
I ate some cheese.
I ate some chips.
I ate some couscous.
I ate some crisps.
I ate some delicious Portuguese codfish cakes at her place.
I ate some fish.
I ate some fries.
I ate some ice cream for dessert.
I ate some of the cake that my mother baked, even though she told me not to.
I ate some peanuts.
I ate some plums.
I ate some potato chips.
I ate some spinach.
I ate something I regretted eating.
I ate something I wished I hadn't eaten.
I ate something earlier this evening that didn't agree with me.
I ate something funny when I was in China.
I ate something that didn't agree with me.
I ate something that made me sick.
I ate steak and salad.
I ate steak yesterday.
I ate strawberries.
I ate supper and immediately went to bed.
I ate sushi.
I ate takoyaki in Osaka.
I ate tandoori yesterday.
I ate that apple.
I ate that food.
I ate the apple with you.
I ate the apple.
I ate the apples already.
I ate the bhajjis.
I ate the biryani.
I ate the bread.
I ate the cake.
I ate the cheese.
I ate the chivda.
I ate the dahi vada.
I ate the evening meal with them.
I ate the green apples.
I ate the keema.
I ate the kheema.
I ate the last piece of cake.
I ate the last slice of bread.
I ate the last slice of pizza.
I ate the meat.
I ate the pav bhaji.
I ate the peanuts.
I ate the pork even though it was undercooked.
I ate the prasad.
I ate the prasada.
I ate the prasadam.
I ate the qeema.
I ate the red apples.
I ate the rice.
I ate the salad.
I ate the same thing Tom did.
I ate the same thing that Tom did.
I ate the sandwich Tom made for me.
I ate the soup ravenously.
I ate the stuff.
I ate the thalipeeth.
I ate the vadas.
I ate the whole apple.
I ate the whole bag of potato chips by myself.
I ate the whole sandwich even though I thought it didn't taste very good.
I ate the yoghurt.
I ate them all.
I ate them.
I ate three apples yesterday afternoon.
I ate three bagels.
I ate three donuts.
I ate three eggs and two pieces of toast for breakfast.
I ate three eggs for breakfast.
I ate three eggs this morning.
I ate three hot dogs.
I ate three hotdogs for lunch.
I ate three pieces of cake.
I ate three servings.
I ate three slivers of the pie.
I ate three times today.
I ate toast for breakfast.
I ate too many beans and now my backside cannot stop singing.
I ate too much and I got sleepy.
I ate too much and got sleepy.
I ate too much at the party last night.
I ate too much food yesterday.
I ate too much last night.
I ate too much over the holidays.
I ate too much today.
I ate too much yesterday.
I ate too much.
I ate too much. I am stuffed!
I ate too much. Now I'm full.
I ate too quickly and didn't digest my food.
I ate twenty blueberry muffins just this month!
I ate twice my weight at that wedding.
I ate two apples.
I ate two donuts.
I ate two green apples and a bowl of green grapes last night.
I ate until I couldn't eat any more. I was stuffed to the gills.
I ate until I was satisfied.
I ate up half of it.
I ate way too much last night.
I ate way too much.
I ate well.
I ate wheat bread.
I ate while I studied.
I ate while you were at the supermarket.
I ate with a friend.
I ate with my baby brother.
I ate with my parents.
I ate yoghurt this morning.
I ate yogurt this morning.
I ate you.
I ate your apple.
I ate your banana.
I ate your bread.
I ate your cake.
I ate your candy.
I ate your lemon.
I ate your piece of cake.
I ate your strawberries.
I ate, drank and I cut my hair.
I ate.
I attach little importance to a person's appearance.
I attach little importance to a person’s appearance.
I attached my CV and my PhD proposals.
I attached my name-tag to my baggage, but it soon came off.
I attached my signature to the document.
I attached the car to the tow truck.
I attached the head camera to the helmet.
I attacked Nuja.
I attacked the monster.
I attempt to grasp.
I attempted to do that yesterday.
I attempted to get up, but my body was heavy as lead.
I attempted to leave but was stopped.
I attempted to move the bolder.
I attempted to solve the problem.
I attempted to swim across the river.
I attend a lot of events.
I attend a private school.
I attend a public school.
I attend a state school.
I attend an online English academy every Monday evening.
I attend classes in Icelandic.
I attend primary school.
I attend scientific conferences.
I attend state school.
I attend the same secondary school as Tom.
I attended Harvard.
I attended Tom and Mary's wedding in Boston.
I attended Tom's funeral.
I attended a big Native American festival in Florida.
I attended a book signing event.
I attended a class about Islam.
I attended a costume party.
I attended a military college.
I attended a party last night.
I attended a private school for most of high school.
I attended a workshop about creative writing.
I attended a workshop on advanced cataloguing techniques, it was really rewarding.
I attended college.
I attended his classes and learned how to draw.
I attended his funeral.
I attended my friend's funeral.
I attended school in Australia.
I attended school in Boston.
I attended school in the village.
I attended several parties last week.
I attended some meetings.
I attended the best game of my life!
I attended the class with Tom taught by Professor Jackson.
I attended the company party.
I attended the fest.
I attended the hour-long presentation.
I attended the meeting in place of him.
I attended the meeting on her behalf.
I attended the meeting though my father told me not to.
I attended the meeting yesterday.
I attended the meeting.
I attended the party just to be sociable.
I attended the party with the intention of taking some pictures.
I attended the party.
I attended the seminar.
I attended the wedding.
I attended this morning's meeting.
I attended three meetings yesterday.
I attended yesterday's meeting.
I attribute it to the superior quality of the wine, sir.
I attributed the delay in delivery to a traffic jam.
I auditioned for Arthur Fox.
I auditioned for a role in the Arab movie, but, unfortunately, without a beard I just didn't look the part.
I auditioned for a show and was cast as Rapunzel.
I auditioned for the lead role.
I auditioned.
I authored a tale and won the contest.
I authorize my workers to leave early.
I availed myself of a holiday to visit Tokyo.
I availed myself of the chance to go there.
I availed myself of this favorable opportunity.
I avoid Tom's company.
I avoid Tom.
I avoid alcoholic drinks.
I avoid attachment.
I avoid crossing the street here if I am in a hurry.
I avoid discussing my personal life with strangers.
I avoid discussing personal subjects with my boss.
I avoid doing that if I can.
I avoid doing that whenever I can.
I avoid drinking coffee in the evening.
I avoid drinking coffee in the morning.
I avoid driving at night if I can.
I avoid driving on icy roads.
I avoid flying whenever possible.
I avoid generalizations.
I avoid going there late at night.
I avoid her.
I avoid him because he makes me feel uncomfortable.
I avoid him.
I avoid lying.
I avoid reading the news.
I avoid rough roads.
I avoid salt whenever I can.
I avoid situations where I need to speak another language.
I avoid talking to her.
I avoid texting.
I avoid the sun to preserve my youth.
I avoid those things like the plague!
I avoid traveling by air, if I can help it.
I avoid traveling with the coach.
I avoid travelling by air whenever possible.
I avoid trying new things.
I avoided Tom for two months.
I avoided Tom.
I avoided that.
I avoided the cyclist by the skin of my teeth.
I avoided the problems.
I avoided the question.
I avoided to speak in Berber because I was afraid of looking dumb.
I await a detailed report.
I await an answer from you.
I await the results.
I await updates.
I await your arrival.
I await your decision.
I awoke a little before dawn.
I awoke at seven o'clock in the morning.
I awoke before dawn.
I awoke from a dream.
I awoke from a long dream.
I awoke in the middle of the night.
I awoke on the floor.
I awoke one morning and found myself famous.
I awoke one morning to find myself famous.
I awoke sometime in the middle of the night.
I awoke suddenly.
I awoke this morning at the crack of dawn, only to find that the crops had been ruined by ravenous birds.
I awoke this morning feeling very ill.
I awoke this morning to find the summit of the mountain covered with snow.
I awoke three times in the night.
I awoke to find a bird in my room.
I awoke to find a burglar in my room.
I awoke to find everything had been a dream.
I awoke to find it snowing.
I awoke to find my suitcase gone.
I awoke to find myself completely refreshed.
I awoke to find myself famous.
I awoke to find myself in a strange room.
I awoke to find myself lying on the floor.
I awoke to find myself lying on the sofa.
I awoke to find snow falling.
I awoke to find that he had already gone.
I awoke to the alarm.
I awoke two times yesterday evening.
I awoke with a start because of the fire.
I awoke with a start.
I awoke, and then fell asleep again, and dreamed a dream: Seven ears of corn grew up upon one stalk, full and very fair. Other seven also thin and blasted, sprung of the stalk: And they devoured the beauty of the former: I told this dream to the conjecturers, and there is no man that can expound it.
I backed away.
I backed off.
I backed up the data.
I bade farewell to the guests.
I bade good night to her.
I bade him goodbye.
I bade the boy go out.
I badly injured myself in the leg, too.
I bail you out for three whole months, and this is the thanks I get?
I bailed Tom out.
I baited the hook for you.
I baited the hook.
I bake cakes almost every day.
I bake delicious bread.
I bake oatmeal cookies every Monday.
I bake traditional cakes.
I bake two or three loaves of bread every week.
I bake.
I baked Tom a cake.
I baked Tom some brownies.
I baked Tom some cookies.
I baked a batch of homemade gingersnaps that filled the house with a warm, spicy aroma.
I baked a bread.
I baked a cake and decorated it with fondant.
I baked a cake as a surprise for her.
I baked a cake for her.
I baked a cake for my friend's birthday.
I baked a cake for you.
I baked a cake this afternoon.
I baked a cake using a family recipe.
I baked a cake, and it came out fluffy and moist.
I baked a cake, and it filled the house with a delightful aroma.
I baked a cake, and it turned out perfectly.
I baked a cake, and it was a hit at the party.
I baked a cake, and it was the perfect ending to the meal.
I baked a loaf of bread.
I baked a pie.
I baked an apple pie.
I baked bread with fava beans, white sorghum, barley and wheat.
I baked bread.
I baked brownies.
I baked butter cookies.
I baked cookies.
I baked him cookies.
I baked him some brownies.
I baked it for you.
I baked it this morning.
I baked one.
I baked some apple pies.
I baked some brownies for Tom.
I baked some cakes.
I baked some cookies for Tom.
I baked some cookies for her.
I baked some cookies for him.
I baked some cookies for them.
I baked some cookies for you.
I baked some cookies.
I baked some cupcakes.
I baked some muffins.
I baked these cookies for Tom.
I baked these cookies for her.
I baked these cookies for him.
I baked these cookies for them.
I baked these cookies for you.
I baked this bread just this morning.
I baked this cake.
I baked this pie.
I baked three cakes this afternoon.
I baked three pies this afternoon.
I baked two pies this afternoon.
I baked you a cake.
I baked you a loaf of bread.
I baked you some brownies.
I baked you some cookies.
I balanced my checkbook while you were washing clothes.
I balanced.
I bandaged one.
I banged my elbow against the wall.
I banged my fist on the table so hard it hurt.
I banged my fist on the table.
I banged my head on the doorframe.
I banged my knee on the desk.
I banged my leg on the coffee table.
I banged on the door, but nobody answered.
I banged on the door.
I bank on him to solve the matter.
I baptize with water.
I baptized you in water, but he will baptize you in the Holy Spirit.
I bared my soul to her.
I barely ate dinner.
I barely avoided the cyclist.
I barely caught the train.
I barely couldn't wait for the sunrise.
I barely eat meat.
I barely escaped being hit by the truck.
I barely escaped getting caught.
I barely escaped.
I barely even know her.
I barely even know who I am.
I barely even remember Tom.
I barely even remember her.
I barely even remember him.
I barely even remember them.
I barely ever listen to the radio.
I barely ever talk to Tom.
I barely feel the pain anymore.
I barely got any sleep for the next month.
I barely got out of there alive.
I barely had any money.
I barely had dinner.
I barely had enough money to pay my bills last month.
I barely had time for lunch.
I barely had time to do that.
I barely had time to finish this report before the meeting.
I barely had time to get that done.
I barely had time to prepare.
I barely had time to think about it.
I barely have any money.
I barely have enough money for food.
I barely have enough money for groceries.
I barely have enough money to make it to the end of the month.
I barely have time to do fun things.
I barely have time to do the things I like.
I barely have time to enjoy myself.
I barely have time to prepare.
I barely have time to read anything.
I barely hear anything.
I barely knew Tom.
I barely knew her.
I barely knew him.
I barely knew my father.
I barely knew them.
I barely knew what was going on.
I barely know Tom at all.
I barely know Tom.
I barely know anything about you.
I barely know her at all.
I barely know her.
I barely know him at all.
I barely know him.
I barely know the city.
I barely know you.
I barely leave home on the weekend.
I barely made it on time.
I barely made it.
I barely made the 9:20 train.
I barely made the train.
I barely make any profit now.
I barely make enough money to buy food for my family.
I barely managed to catch the train.
I barely managed to do that.
I barely managed to escape.
I barely managed to find Tom.
I barely managed to finish the letter by eleven o'clock.
I barely managed to finish the letter by eleven o’clock.
I barely missed being struck.
I barely passed the exam.
I barely recognized Tom.
I barely recognized you.
I barely remember Tom.
I barely remember anything.
I barely restrained myself from vomiting.
I barely restrained the impulse to strike him.
I barely see any difference actually. Both of them sound pretty much the same to me.
I barely slept a wink.
I barely slept last night.
I barely spoke Berber.
I barely succeeded.
I barely use the site anymore.
I barfed.
I barged into the room.
I bark like a dog.
I bartended for a few months.
I basically do everything in Berber.
I basically like your plan.
I basically prefer being by myself.
I bath every day.
I bath every morning.
I bath every night.
I bathe daily.
I bathe every day.
I bathe in the river.
I bathe myself in the restroom.
I bathe once a day.
I bathed in moonlight last night.
I bathed in the sea.
I bathed my dog.
I bathed.
I bear good news.
I bear him no malice.
I bear in mind that misfortunes never come singly.
I bear no grudge against you.
I bear no ill-will to you, either for my bad luck or your better swordsmanship.
I bear no malice toward you.
I beat Rima to her own house.
I beat Skura and Nuja.
I beat Skura at checkers.
I beat Skura unconscious.
I beat Skura up.
I beat Skura.
I beat Tom at chess.
I beat Tom to death.
I beat Tom up.
I beat Tom.
I beat Yanni and Skura.
I beat Yanni.
I beat her.
I beat him at chess.
I beat him at golf.
I beat him completely in the debate.
I beat him on points.
I beat him, he's sobbing.
I beat him.
I beat his ass.
I beat my PR by 13 seconds.
I beat my children.
I beat my meat and spilled the sauce.
I beat my own record.
I beat my personal record yesterday.
I beat my wife.
I beat one.
I beat the shit out of him.
I beat the world record.
I beat them.
I beat you fair and square.
I beat you to it.
I beat you.
I became Muslim and got used to it.
I became Muslim for me.
I became Muslim in 2004.
I became Muslim in April 2004.
I became Muslim when I was 24.
I became Muslim.
I became Tom's friend.
I became a Catholic because I'm extremely pessimistic.
I became a Catholic because I’m extremely pessimistic.
I became a Catholic.
I became a Muslim because I wanted to.
I became a Muslim.
I became a champion.
I became a cop.
I became a criminal.
I became a director.
I became a doctor so I could help people.
I became a doctor so that I could help people.
I became a doctor.
I became a fan of Pokémon cards.
I became a grandfather at fifty five.
I became a homeowner.
I became a husband, and she became a wife.
I became a lawyer to help people.
I became a mechanic.
I became a member of the club in 1980.
I became a member of the club ten years ago.
I became a member of this club in 1980.
I became a member three years ago.
I became a pastor.
I became a recluse.
I became a retiree after working for forty-five years in a cubicle.
I became a spy because I finally wanted to be important.
I became a teacher when I was thirty.
I became a woman.
I became accustomed to public speaking, so I think that's been useful when taking job interviews.
I became accustomed to public speaking, so I think that’s been useful when taking job interviews.
I became accustomed to working long hours.
I became acquainted with beautiful Polish women at the university in Brazil, and I also met there some very friendly people who could speak Polish.
I became acquainted with her two weeks ago.
I became acquainted with your dad yesterday.
I became acquainted with your father yesterday.
I became afraid.
I became aggressive.
I became agitated.
I became alarmed.
I became an actor.
I became an actress.
I became an admin within a week.
I became an adult.
I became an architect.
I became angry.
I became anxious.
I became aroused by the conversation.
I became as red as a tomato.
I became attached to people who abandoned me and said they loved me.
I became aware of being closely observed by a man sitting next to me.
I became aware of someone looking at me.
I became blind.
I became calm.
I became cold.
I became concerned.
I became confused.
I became curious.
I became defensive.
I became depressed.
I became desperate.
I became diabetic.
I became discouraged.
I became disgusted by Tom.
I became distant.
I became drowsy.
I became eligible earlier than expected.
I became eligible for parole earlier than expected.
I became eligible for retirement earlier than expected.
I became embarrassed about the matter.
I became emotionally dependent on her.
I became enraged.
I became esperantist a few years ago.
I became exhausted.
I became familiar with Tom.
I became famous because my name is Kardashian.
I became famous.
I became financially independent.
I became first.
I became fluent in Berber.
I became friends with Tom because we sat next to each other.
I became friends with Tom.
I became friends with at least 10 Americans.
I became friends with him while I was in Taiwan.
I became friends with the guards.
I became frightened.
I became frustrated.
I became furious.
I became hardened to punishing pupils.
I became her friend.
I became his friend.
I became ill as I grew older.
I became ill.
I became impatient.
I became interested in linguistics many years ago.
I became interested in this question.
I became intrigued.
I became invisible.
I became less and less interested in mathematics.
I became livid.
I became more and more nervous.
I became more health-conscious and started to go on walks.
I became nervous.
I became obsessed with learning Berber.
I became poor.
I became pregnant at the age of sixteen.
I became quite angry.
I became quite astonished by his sudden change of mood.
I became quite hardened.
I became really proficient in Berber.
I became rich.
I became scared.
I became sleepy after lunch.
I became sleepy while listening to Tom telling a story to the children.
I became smarter.
I became stronger.
I became successful in Kabylie.
I became the villain in Sami's eyes.
I became their slave for a time until I escaped.
I became unavailable.
I became very angry.
I became very attached to her sister.
I became very bored.
I became very good at it.
I became very ill.
I became very interested in Berber.
I became very interested in the Berber language.
I became very nervous when I couldn't locate my passport.
I became very nervous when I couldn’t locate my passport.
I became very nervous.
I became very sick.
I became very sleepy after a bit of reading.
I became very suspicious.
I became very upset.
I became vulnerable.
I became weary of waiting for her.
I become a member today.
I become a pear because I eat pears.
I become a transparent eyeball; I am nothing; I see all; the currents of the Universal Being circulate through me; I am part or particle of God.
I become disillusioned.
I become lost in it all.
I become thoroughly disillusioned.
I become weak when I see something cute.
I beeped the horn.
I beg for your forgiveness.
I beg her to stay with me.
I beg him to stay with me.
I beg of you not to do this thing.
I beg of you not to listen to people's breakup stories.
I beg of you to listen carefully.
I beg of you, don't die!
I beg them to forgive me.
I beg to differ from you on that point.
I beg to differ with you on that point.
I beg to differ with you.
I beg to differ, as I disagree with your analysis of the situation.
I beg to differ.
I beg to modify your proposal.
I beg to point out that your calculation is wrong.
I beg you forgive me.
I beg you pardon, milord. It's not Hebrew, but Latin.
I beg you to come.
I beg you to do it carefully.
I beg you to forgive me.
I beg you to give me a little water.
I beg you to help me.
I beg you to help us.
I beg you to let me live.
I beg you to reconsider.
I beg you to respond to me.
I beg you to respond to them.
I beg you to respond to us.
I beg you to spare me your sarcastic remarks.
I beg you to stay.
I beg you, assist me.
I beg you, come.
I beg you, don't mock him.
I beg you, get up and leave, do it for yourself.
I beg you, give me a bottle!
I beg you, give me a visa.
I beg you, my darling... Please don't leave me.
I beg you, respond to me.
I beg you, treat him with goodwill.
I beg you, treat me with goodwill.
I beg you.
I beg you. I have a wife and children.
I beg your pardon for my conduct lately.
I beg your pardon for troubling you, but you seem to be a mechanic, and that's just the sort of man I'm looking for.
I beg your pardon, but could you please wait a moment longer?
I beg your pardon, but would you repeat what you said?
I beg your pardon, could you repeat what you've just said?
I beg your pardon, sir.
I beg your pardon.
I beg your pardon. I didn't know this was your seat.
I beg your pardon. I didn't quite catch your name.
I beg your pardon. I didn't think this was your seat.
I beg your pardon. I didn’t think this was your seat.
I beg your pardon. I'm sorry if I hurt you. I didn't mean to.
I beg your pardon. What did you say?
I beg your pardon; I didn't quite catch your name.
I beg your pardon; I didn’t quite catch your name.
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?!
I beg your understanding.
I began a PhD at the Algiers University.
I began a meeting with her.
I began by making up my mind to leave the hotel, and to take up my quarters in some less pretentious and less expensive domicile.
I began coughing.
I began crying.
I began doing that last month.
I began doing that three weeks ago.
I began doing that three years ago.
I began doing that when I was living in Australia.
I began doing that when I was living in Boston.
I began doing that when I was thirteen.
I began doing that when I was very young.
I began drinking beer.
I began driving our tractor when I was 12 years old to help my father out at harvest time.
I began falling asleep.
I began laughing.
I began learning Berber at age seven.
I began learning French when I was thirteen years old.
I began learning French when I was thirteen.
I began living by myself.
I began noticing this months ago.
I began observing the house.
I began pacing.
I began playing golf years ago.
I began playing tennis at the age of 14.
I began running.
I began school at 7 years of age.
I began singing when I was six years old.
I began studying French when I was thirteen years old.
I began studying French when I was thirteen.
I began sucking his massive cock.
I began taking photographs.
I began the book.
I began to be afraid that you would never come back again.
I began to be afraid you would never come back again.
I began to be tired.
I began to beat the horse.
I began to blush.
I began to brown the meat.
I began to cough loudly.
I began to cry.
I began to dance.
I began to doubt the accuracy of his statement.
I began to draw the letter "K" like an incomplete star, because it's one of the symbols that represent Kylie Minogue.
I began to draw the letter "K" like an incomplete star, because it’s one of the symbols that represent Kylie Minogue.
I began to eat.
I began to fall asleep.
I began to feel a little better.
I began to feel a little silly.
I began to feel as if I had haplessly tumbled down into this crazy wonderland.
I began to feel dizzy.
I began to feel sick.
I began to feel sleepy.
I began to feel some anxiety.
I began to feel uneasy.
I began to get angry.
I began to hanker after eating an authentic pretzel.
I began to hate Tom.
I began to hear muffled screaming.
I began to learn Esperanto.
I began to like his sentences more after he started writing in verse, although that's not poetry.
I began to look around us.
I began to look for a new flat.
I began to lose control.
I began to make a list of questions for him.
I began to marginalize the pepperoni on the pizza by devouring it selectively based on its protein index.
I began to panic.
I began to perspire.
I began to play clarinet when I was thirteen years old.
I began to play clarinet when I was thirteen.
I began to play piano when I was fifteen years old.
I began to play tennis at the age of fourteen.
I began to play the saxophone when I was thirty.
I began to protest.
I began to question my own sanity.
I began to read the Quran.
I began to realize that I had misunderstood him.
I began to realize that Tom wasn't as happy as he used to be.
I began to run.
I began to scream.
I began to see what he was getting at.
I began to sing when I was a youngster.
I began to smell a rat. You know the feeling, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, when you come upon the right scent—a kind of thrill in your nerves.
I began to speak.
I began to stake out my territorial waters in the sorority house's hot tub.
I began to stir about 4:30 in the morning, but I didn't get up until 6:00.
I began to stir about 4:30 in the morning, but I didn’t get up until 6:00.
I began to study Berber.
I began to study English when I was twelve years of age. At that time I was interested in languages, but not excessively so. Now I can speak English, French, Spanish and Portuguese; and so it is time to learn Latin.
I began to study French when I was thirteen years old.
I began to study French when I was thirteen.
I began to study Islam.
I began to sweat.
I began to understand the reason why he hated me.
I began to walk to his house.
I began to walk to my house.
I began to whittle away my savings on gifts for a lovely ample Muslim woman.
I began to worry about the trip.
I began to worry in mid-November.
I began to write a book.
I began walking down the trail.
I began working.
I begged Tom for mercy.
I begged Tom not to do that.
I begged Tom not to go.
I begged Tom to come.
I begged Tom to do that carefully.
I begged Tom to do that.
I begged Tom to help me do that.
I begged Tom to help me.
I begged Tom to stay.
I begged for her forgiveness.
I begged her not to go there.
I begged her not to go.
I begged her not to say anything to Tom.
I begged him to stop using drugs.
I begged my mom to buy some.
I begged the director.
I begin my discourse with the Name of God, Creator, Nourisher, Pardoner.
I begin this afternoon.
I begin to believe that I am the unconscious centre of some monstrous conspiracy, and that my life is aimed at as well as my honour.
I begin to lose control of myself.
I begin tomorrow.
I begin working at 8 o'clock in the morning.
I behave like a true Capricorn.
I behaved badly.
I behaved myself.
I behaved responsibly.
I being from the Philippines, in my Grade 5 class in North America, Andrea was the first redhead that I have seen in real life.
I belched.
I believe America has been a rare superpower in human history insofar as it has been willing to think beyond narrow self-interest; that while we’ve made our share of mistakes over these last 25 years -- and I’ve acknowledged some -- we have strived, sometimes at great sacrifice, to align better our actions with our ideals. And as a consequence, I believe we have been a force for good.
I believe Dimitros will go back to Athens next week.
I believe Elvis is still alive.
I believe Elvis yet lives.
I believe God will send me the best.
I believe Horus is asexual.
I believe I am in the right.
I believe I am indeed not wrong.
I believe I belong here.
I believe I can do that by myself.
I believe I can do that without your help.
I believe I can do that.
I believe I can fly.
I believe I can handle it from here.
I believe I can handle that.
I believe I can help with that.
I believe I can help you find Tom.
I believe I can help you.
I believe I can help.
I believe I can prove it.
I believe I can trust you.
I believe I can win.
I believe I could be a model child if I were just invited out to tea every day.
I believe I could do that.
I believe I did the right thing.
I believe I have been more than fair.
I believe I have found the answer.
I believe I have my own distinct qualities.
I believe I have no legal right to do so.
I believe I have now told you everything.
I believe I have seen the document that you're talking about.
I believe I have seen the document you're talking about.
I believe I know this feeling of relief.
I believe I know what that is.
I believe I know where he is.
I believe I made myself clear.
I believe I owe you an apology.
I believe I should come visit you in Hong Kong!
I believe I translated all of the sentences.
I believe I understand.
I believe I understood your words well.
I believe I was right.
I believe I was treated unfairly.
I believe I was wrong.
I believe I'll do that.
I believe I'll win.
I believe I'm changing gradually.
I believe I'm in love.
I believe I'm in the right.
I believe I'm objective.
I believe I'm still a friend of Mary's.
I believe I'm under surveillance.
I believe I've been more than fair.
I believe I've got the chicken pox.
I believe I've seen the document that you're talking about.
I believe I've seen the document you're talking about.
I believe I’m not like everyone else.
I believe I’m still discovering my identity.
I believe I’m unique in my own way.
I believe Jews should go back to the Land of Israel.
I believe Jews should govern themselves.
I believe Jews should have land and a government.
I believe Jews should have the Land of Israel and a government.
I believe John 3:16 is the best-known verse in the Bible.
I believe Mary can take care of herself.
I believe Mary.
I believe Pinocchio.
I believe Shakespeare is the greatest dramatist that ever lived.
I believe Tom and Mary are correct.
I believe Tom and Mary are doing well.
I believe Tom and Mary are innocent.
I believe Tom and Mary are looking for you.
I believe Tom and Mary are mistaken about that.
I believe Tom and Mary are right.
I believe Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I believe Tom and Mary know.
I believe Tom and Mary were murdered.
I believe Tom asked you to leave.
I believe Tom can arrange that.
I believe Tom can do that by himself.
I believe Tom can do that.
I believe Tom can get home by himself.
I believe Tom can save the world.
I believe Tom can take care of himself.
I believe Tom can win.
I believe Tom did it.
I believe Tom did mean that.
I believe Tom did that.
I believe Tom did the right thing.
I believe Tom did this.
I believe Tom did what he said he did.
I believe Tom expects too much from us.
I believe Tom got the message.
I believe Tom had something to do with the kidnapping.
I believe Tom has the opinion that I think too much.
I believe Tom is absolutely right.
I believe Tom is acquainted with Mary.
I believe Tom is correct.
I believe Tom is doing well.
I believe Tom is electable.
I believe Tom is going to do that.
I believe Tom is going to win.
I believe Tom is happy.
I believe Tom is honest.
I believe Tom is innocent.
I believe Tom is insane.
I believe Tom is looking for you.
I believe Tom is mature enough to know the consequences.
I believe Tom is mistaken about that.
I believe Tom is right.
I believe Tom is thirty years old.
I believe Tom is thirty.
I believe Tom is trustworthy.
I believe Tom is very cool.
I believe Tom is weak.
I believe Tom isn't at home now.
I believe Tom isn't guilty.
I believe Tom knows Mary.
I believe Tom knows that Mary can't do that.
I believe Tom knows.
I believe Tom loves me.
I believe Tom really did that by himself.
I believe Tom really did that.
I believe Tom really plans on doing that this week.
I believe Tom really plans on doing that.
I believe Tom really plans to do that this week.
I believe Tom really plans to do that.
I believe Tom really wants to do that again.
I believe Tom said it best.
I believe Tom said it first.
I believe Tom said that he'd be here by 2:30.
I believe Tom was murdered.
I believe Tom when he says he doesn't speak French.
I believe Tom when he says that he doesn't speak French.
I believe Tom will agree to do that.
I believe Tom will be acquitted.
I believe Tom will do that.
I believe Tom will forgive you someday.
I believe Tom will resign.
I believe Tom will win the competition.
I believe Tom will win the race.
I believe Tom will win.
I believe Tom would do it.
I believe Tom would do that.
I believe Tom would never do something like that.
I believe Tom would really do that.
I believe Tom.
I believe a speck of dust would have caused him more pain than a bullet wound.
I believe actions are more important than words.
I believe advanced economies still need to do more to close the gap between rich and poor nations around the globe.
I believe aliens exist.
I believe all I learned at school was nonsense.
I believe all of you.
I believe all that.
I believe an apology is due.
I believe anything can happen.
I believe anything is possible.
I believe as long as we allow conditions to exist that make for second-class citizens, we are making of ourselves less than first-class citizens.
I believe beyond doubt that she is innocent.
I believe both of them.
I believe brain chips already exist.
I believe congratulations are in order.
I believe doing that would be a mistake.
I believe doing would be a mistake.
I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine.
I believe every life has purpose.
I believe every word you say.
I believe everybody deserves a chance.
I believe everyone deserves a chance.
I believe everything is fine now.
I believe everything will be OK.
I believe everything will turn out OK.
I believe everything will work out OK.
I believe everything you say.
I believe example sentences are an integral part of helping language learners.
I believe ghosts exist.
I believe he aims to make me leave.
I believe he can win.
I believe he gets up early.
I believe he intends to get rid of me.
I believe he is a nice guy.
I believe he is an intelligent person.
I believe he is coming tomorrow.
I believe he is competent.
I believe he is going to be rich one day.
I believe he is honest.
I believe he is not a lawyer.
I believe he is not an advocate.
I believe he is not guilty of the crime.
I believe he is right.
I believe he is sick.
I believe he isn't a lawyer.
I believe he isn't being fully transparent.
I believe he said his name was Tom.
I believe he was half cut because he kept acting like a fool.
I believe he was murdered.
I believe he will triumph.
I believe he'll be with us today.
I believe he's a friend of Ms. Schmitt's.
I believe he's gay.
I believe he's going to win.
I believe he's having an affair with another woman.
I believe he's having an extramarital affair.
I believe he's ineducable.
I believe her name is Mary.
I believe her story.
I believe her.
I believe he’ll be with us today.
I believe him an American.
I believe him honest.
I believe him to be a man of ability.
I believe him to be innocent.
I believe him to be intelligent.
I believe him to get up early.
I believe him, he's not a thief.
I believe him.
I believe his name is Tom.
I believe his name was Tom.
I believe honesty is the best policy.
I believe in Algerian common sense.
I believe in Allah.
I believe in Buddha.
I believe in Christianity.
I believe in God and I believe that Muhammad and Jesus are his messengers.
I believe in God and I believe that Muhammad is His messenger.
I believe in God, but I don't believe the Catholic church.
I believe in God, but not as one thing, not as an old man in the sky. I believe that what people call God is something in all of us. I believe that what Jesus and Mohammed and Buddha and all the rest said was right.
I believe in God.
I believe in Islam.
I believe in Jesus Christ.
I believe in Jesus, peace be upon him.
I believe in Ken.
I believe in Muhammad, peace be upon him.
I believe in Muhammad.
I believe in Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him.
I believe in Santa Claus.
I believe in Spinoza's God, Who reveals Himself in the lawful harmony of the world, not in a God Who concerns Himself with the fate and the doings of mankind.
I believe in Spinoza's God, who reveals himself in the harmony of all that exists, not in a God who concerns himself with the fate and the doings of mankind.
I believe in Tom.
I believe in a god.
I believe in a liberal political order — an order built not just through elections and representative government, but also through respect for human rights and civil society, and independent judiciaries and the rule of law.
I believe in a lot of conspiracy theories.
I believe in always telling the truth.
I believe in astrology.
I believe in censorship. I made a fortune out of it.
I believe in centrism.
I believe in competition.
I believe in democracy.
I believe in demons.
I believe in dogs.
I believe in doing the right thing.
I believe in early rising.
I believe in education.
I believe in eternal life.
I believe in ethics, and if everybody believes in ethics we'd have no problems at all. That's the only way out, forget the religious side.
I believe in exercising regularly.
I believe in fate, but I also know that fate can be changed.
I believe in fate.
I believe in freedom of expression in any way.
I believe in friendship at first sight.
I believe in friendship.
I believe in getting up early.
I believe in ghosts.
I believe in guardian angels.
I believe in having a good heart and being kind to others.
I believe in her.
I believe in him.
I believe in honesty.
I believe in intellectuals, especially represented by my intellectual friends, the ufologist Bratislav from a Croatian family, the sci-fi fan Don from Hong Kong, the epicurist Jai from a Hindu family, and the mathematician Lance from the Black Caribbean.
I believe in it.
I believe in life after death.
I believe in love at first sight.
I believe in love.
I believe in magic.
I believe in maintaining a healthy distance and not prying into others' private lives.
I believe in many different spooky things.
I believe in me.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in my abilities.
I believe in my husband.
I believe in my limitless potential.
I believe in my teammates.
I believe in myself and trust what I do.
I believe in myself, I really do.
I believe in myself.
I believe in non-violence as the only remedy.
I believe in one God, and no more; and I hope for happiness beyond this life.
I believe in one God, the Father Almighty, Maker of heaven and earth, of all things visible and invisible.
I believe in one God.
I believe in one thing — that only a life lived for others is a life worth living.
I believe in peace.
I believe in people.
I believe in perfection, based on Plato.
I believe in personal choice.
I believe in prophet Jesus, peace be upon him.
I believe in respecting others' privacy and keeping out of their affairs.
I believe in rising early.
I believe in saying what I think.
I believe in soulmates.
I believe in splurging every once in a while.
I believe in taking a cautious approach to ensure a successful and fulfilling marriage in the future.
I believe in taking the time to fully understand myself and what I want in a partner.
I believe in tarot cards.
I believe in that.
I believe in the God of Islam.
I believe in the God of Muslims.
I believe in the Quran.
I believe in the Yankee dream.
I believe in the choices I've taken.
I believe in the existence of ghosts.
I believe in the guardian angels.
I believe in the immortality of the soul.
I believe in the influence of the stars on our lives.
I believe in the life beyond.
I believe in the power of dreams.
I believe in the power of magic.
I believe in the power of positive thinking.
I believe in the power of positivity.
I believe in the power of the spirit and will never leave you.
I believe in the resurrection.
I believe in the sun even when it is not shining. I believe in love even when I do not feel it. I believe in God even when He is silent.
I believe in the theory of evolution, I believe in science.
I believe in the world to come.
I believe in them.
I believe in this method of teaching.
I believe in this project. I think it's adapted to the necessities of small and medium enterprises. Try it out and comment on your experiences.
I believe in this.
I believe in turning the other cheek.
I believe in us.
I believe in values, and respect.
I believe in wearing what makes me happy.
I believe in what I do.
I believe in what they said.
I believe in you and your abilities.
I believe in you at any rate.
I believe in you today more than ever.
I believe in you!
I believe in you, and I know you can finish your homework on time.
I believe in you, and this is enough for me.
I believe in you.
I believe in your innocence.
I believe in your power.
I believe it can be done.
I believe it is a genuine Picasso.
I believe it is a gift.
I believe it is a mistake to base our views on broad generalisations about the characteristics of men and women, as such stereotypes are often inaccurate.
I believe it is my duty to level with you, to tell the truth no matter how difficult, no matter how painful. And here, in my view, is what is true: MAGA Republicans do not respect the Constitution. They do not believe in the rule of law. They do not recognize the will of the people. They refuse to accept the results of a free election. And they're working right now, as I speak, in state after state to give power to decide elections in America to partisans and cronies, empowering election deniers to undermine democracy itself.
I believe it isn't a coincidence that I met Tom in my life.
I believe it my duty to protect these children.
I believe it really happened.
I believe it right to tell the truth.
I believe it to be he.
I believe it to be him.
I believe it to be my civic duty.
I believe it to be true.
I believe it too.
I believe it was Plato who said that.
I believe it was Tom who did that.
I believe it was Tom who said that.
I believe it was suicide.
I believe it will be better.
I believe it will be nice today.
I believe it will be quite a long time before the spirit of democracy pervades our daily life.
I believe it will be snowing tomorrow.
I believe it will change my life.
I believe it will have healing effect on Tom.
I believe it will snow tomorrow.
I believe it would be unproductive with regard to the present recovery.
I believe it would disrupt the balance.
I believe it'll change my life.
I believe it'll snow tomorrow.
I believe it's a genuine Picasso.
I believe it's a myth.
I believe it's a win-win option.
I believe it's all a hoax.
I believe it's finished.
I believe it's more than coincidence.
I believe it's my duty to protect these children.
I believe it's over.
I believe it's raining.
I believe it's time to wake Robert up.
I believe it's time to wake up Robert.
I believe it's true.
I believe it's utterly improbable that we'll ever get the slightest assistance from the national government.
I believe it's wiser not to proceed with that.
I believe it's worth trying.
I believe it.
I believe love exists.
I believe love is a crucial part of life.
I believe love is a treasure.
I believe lying is wrong.
I believe men are basically good.
I believe more business restrictions are necessary to prevent worker exploitation.
I believe more in diet than in drugs.
I believe most of what Tom said.
I believe most of what Tom says.
I believe my ability to smell is fading.
I believe my purpose in life is to make you happy.
I believe nobody. I don't believe myself. I'm a hopeless man.
I believe one day I'll come back.
I believe only about half of what Tom said.
I believe our imagination isn't quite adequate to picture it.
I believe people are basically good.
I believe people in Boston will help.
I believe science is useful.
I believe she didn't get any replies.
I believe she has been poisoned!
I believe she is a charming girl.
I believe she is honest.
I believe she is right.
I believe she should be given a second chance.
I believe she struggles with alcohol.
I believe she'll arrive in a short time.
I believe she'll be free tomorrow.
I believe she's 40 years old.
I believe she's on her period.
I believe so.
I believe some of these things are true.
I believe steadily that a new beginning is possible.
I believe suicide is wrong.
I believe that "one-sided" relations do not exist.
I believe that "unilateral" relationships do not exist.
I believe that Algeria is poised to take off economically.
I believe that Ariana Grande is going to win a Grammy award.
I believe that English is the most translated language in the world. It may not be the language into which most translations are made.
I believe that English sentences will always predominate on Tatoeba.
I believe that Gandhi’s views were the most enlightened of all the political men in our time. We should strive to do things in his spirit: not to use violence in fighting for our cause, but by non-participation in anything you believe is evil.
I believe that God exists.
I believe that God is one.
I believe that I already ran out of chicken stock.
I believe that I am indeed not wrong.
I believe that I am one of the most honest politicians in France.
I believe that I belong here.
I believe that I can do it.
I believe that I can do that.
I believe that I can handle that.
I believe that I can trust you.
I believe that I could do that.
I believe that I did the right thing.
I believe that I forgot it at home.
I believe that I had ordered a blanket.
I believe that I have no legal right to do so.
I believe that I have seen the document that you're talking about.
I believe that I know what you now need.
I believe that I need a good night's sleep.
I believe that I no longer love her.
I believe that I'm in the right.
I believe that I've seen the document that you're talking about.
I believe that John 3:16 is the most famous verse in the Bible.
I believe that Latin, even for Artificial Intelligence, is the most difficult language to master.
I believe that Layla is trying to kill Sami.
I believe that Mary is very intelligent.
I believe that Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
I believe that Tom and Mary are innocent.
I believe that Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
I believe that Tom and Mary aren't guilty.
I believe that Tom can do that.
I believe that Tom can get home by himself.
I believe that Tom can win.
I believe that Tom did it only out of self-interest.
I believe that Tom did it.
I believe that Tom did what he said he did.
I believe that Tom expects too much from us.
I believe that Tom got the message.
I believe that Tom had something to do with the kidnapping.
I believe that Tom is going to do that.
I believe that Tom is going to win.
I believe that Tom is happy.
I believe that Tom is honest.
I believe that Tom is innocent.
I believe that Tom is mature enough to know the consequences.
I believe that Tom is not guilty.
I believe that Tom is really honest.
I believe that Tom is the one who did that.
I believe that Tom is thirty years old.
I believe that Tom is thirty.
I believe that Tom is weak.
I believe that Tom isn't guilty.
I believe that Tom loves me.
I believe that Tom said that he'd be here by 2:30.
I believe that Tom will do fine.
I believe that Tom will resign.
I believe that Tom would do it.
I believe that Tom wouldn't be capable of doing such a thing.
I believe that a job should be like a hobby.
I believe that actions are more important than words.
I believe that an alien intelligence is watching the Earth.
I believe that answers your question.
I believe that as imperfect as they are, the principles of open markets and accountable governance, of democracy and human rights and international law that we have forged remain the firmest foundation for human progress in this century.
I believe that belongs to me.
I believe that better days are yet to come.
I believe that book is in the library.
I believe that both of you are pretty handsome.
I believe that but didn't always.
I believe that consciousness is the way information feels when being processed.
I believe that dreams are not always deceptive.
I believe that education should be secular, not rooted in religion.
I believe that everybody deserves a chance.
I believe that everyone deserves a chance.
I believe that everyone here is participating in a strange "conspiracy of silence".
I believe that everyone will like this picture.
I believe that everything happens for a reason.
I believe that everything will be OK.
I believe that everything will be fine.
I believe that everything will be okay.
I believe that everything will turn out OK.
I believe that everything will work out OK.
I believe that experiencing love is vital.
I believe that farmer was telling you a whopper when he said there was a robbers’ cave in these woods.
I believe that ghosts exist.
I believe that he comes here.
I believe that he is a reliable man.
I believe that he is honest.
I believe that he is innocent.
I believe that he knows it.
I believe that he sides against me.
I believe that he was angry.
I believe that he will return to you in the end.
I believe that he'll arrive soon.
I believe that he'll do fine.
I believe that he's happy.
I believe that he's trustworthy.
I believe that he’ll do fine.
I believe that he’s happy.
I believe that he’s trustworthy.
I believe that his action was in the right.
I believe that honesty is the best policy.
I believe that it can be done.
I believe that it is easier to translate from any language into Russian than from Russian into any other language.
I believe that it really happened.
I believe that it was Tom who said that.
I believe that it was a mistake.
I believe that it's all a hoax.
I believe that it's my duty to protect these children.
I believe that it's not factual.
I believe that lifelong learning is essential.
I believe that love will find me again, despite past pains.
I believe that might be the best solution.
I believe that multiculturalism is beneficial for a nation.
I believe that narrating one's life experiences can be a fascinating inner journey.
I believe that no avowed atheist has ever held public office in the United States.
I believe that on the day of the murder Adair had discovered that Moran was cheating. Very likely he had spoken to him privately, and had threatened to expose him unless he voluntarily resigned his membership of the club, and promised not to play cards again.
I believe that one should pay taxes with a smile. I tried it, but they wanted money.
I believe that people should be hardworking.
I believe that people tend to focus on the bad.
I believe that people tend to focus on the wrong things.
I believe that rumour is true.
I believe that sexual liberation has been thoroughly misunderstood. Porno kills sex.
I believe that she has never told a lie.
I believe that she is at the hospital.
I believe that she is honest.
I believe that she is in Algeria.
I believe that should be discussed as soon as possible.
I believe that statement.
I believe that story.
I believe that stricter vigilance is necessary here.
I believe that suicide is wrong.
I believe that that won't happen.
I believe that that'll happen soon.
I believe that that'll happen.
I believe that that's all we need to do.
I believe that that's correct.
I believe that that's it.
I believe that that's possible.
I believe that that's too much.
I believe that that's true.
I believe that the Algerian government is doing the right thing.
I believe that the answer is straightforward.
I believe that the boy is honest.
I believe that the debate should be carried on.
I believe that the decision is just.
I believe that the exploitation of the environment is a bad thing.
I believe that the most difficult language to learn and teach is Latin.
I believe that the opposite is true.
I believe that the power of the spirit will never leave you.
I believe that the preacher could not speak "Amen."
I believe that the story is true.
I believe that the tide is turning.
I believe that the will serves to face and solve any adversity.
I believe that the world has many serious problems.
I believe that there are other ways.
I believe that there are tens of thousands of different species of beetle.
I believe that there is one perfect person out there for everyone.
I believe that there's a mistake.
I believe that there's still time for positive change.
I believe that there’s a mistake.
I believe that this is not a good idea.
I believe that this isn't a good idea.
I believe that this kind of medicine will be effective for your illness.
I believe that this must be stopped.
I believe that this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal before this decade is out of landing a man on the Moon and returning him safely to the Earth.
I believe that this photo was taken in May.
I believe that to be a lie.
I believe that was a mistake.
I believe that we can come through this time of trouble stronger than ever.
I believe that we can do better.
I believe that we can do it.
I believe that we can do that.
I believe that we can do this.
I believe that we can take care of ourselves.
I believe that we do not in fact need to do this.
I believe that we do not need to limit these suffixes now.
I believe that we don't in fact need to do this.
I believe that we found the problem.
I believe that we have lost him.
I believe that we need to acknowledge these achievements in order to summon the confidence to carry this progress forward and to make sure that we do not abandon those very things that have delivered this progress.
I believe that what is written in the Gospels is the pure truth.
I believe that when people see opportunity, when they have a sense of control of their own destiny, then they're less vulnerable to the propaganda and twisted ideologies that have been attracting young people - particularly now being turbocharged through social media.
I believe that with Tom's support, we will manage it.
I believe that won't happen.
I believe that you are wrong.
I believe that you can succeed.
I believe that you know what this is all about.
I believe that you should go.
I believe that you should leave.
I believe that you were taken in.
I believe that you will like our present.
I believe that you will love it!
I believe that you will stay here.
I believe that you will succeed.
I believe that you would love him!
I believe that you'll definitely be able to get first place.
I believe that you'll love it!
I believe that you'll succeed.
I believe that you'll win.
I believe that you're right.
I believe that you're trying to take advantage of me.
I believe that'll happen sometime.
I believe that'll happen soon.
I believe that'll happen.
I believe that's a bad sign.
I believe that's a lie.
I believe that's all I have to say.
I believe that's all I need.
I believe that's all we need to do.
I believe that's an attainable goal.
I believe that's correct.
I believe that's going to happen.
I believe that's it for now.
I believe that's it.
I believe that's possible.
I believe that's something extremely important.
I believe that's the correct answer.
I believe that's the correct approach.
I believe that's too much.
I believe that's true.
I believe that's what you said.
I believe that, and apparently so do you.
I believe that.
I believe the Earth is flat.
I believe the State of Israel should continue to exist.
I believe the State of Israel should exist.
I believe the actions that Tom took were right.
I believe the actions that he took were right.
I believe the answer is affirmative.
I believe the answer is straightforward.
I believe the answer is yes.
I believe the attribute is cowardice not fear. He doesn't seem the type.
I believe the choice is clear.
I believe the honest will win in the long run.
I believe the lady is asking you to leave, sir.
I believe the medium size will fit you better.
I believe the number one economic power in the world is the European Union.
I believe the only way to protect my own rights is to protect the rights of others.
I believe the opposite is true.
I believe the phone is broken in some way.
I believe the police will ignore you.
I believe the post you offer will give me the opportunity to improve my knowledge of the English language and my translating skills.
I believe the prince is merely prentending to be mad in order to gain time to make a decision about killing the king.
I believe the problem lies in the set-top box settings.
I believe the rain is over.
I believe the ship will arrive on schedule.
I believe the tide is turning.
I believe the truth of her remark.
I believe the women should be listened to.
I believe their names are Tom and Mary.
I believe them all.
I believe them.
I believe there are exactly 17,999 other planets with life.
I believe there is a mistake here.
I believe there is a problem.
I believe there is some deep political intrigue going on around me, and that for some reason that passes my understanding my life is aimed at by the conspirators.
I believe there is something out there watching us. Unfortunately, it's the government.
I believe there is something suspicious afoot.
I believe there is too much violence on TV.
I believe there's a little cork in that wine.
I believe there's a mistake here.
I believe there's a problem with the phone.
I believe there's an old Soviet joke about a CIA agent who gives himself away by correctly using declensions of Russian numbers.
I believe they know you.
I believe they will make a wonderful married couple.
I believe they're a perfect match.
I believe things will get better.
I believe this fish is a freshwater fish.
I believe this is a case in point.
I believe this is a mistake.
I believe this is a topic worth discussing.
I believe this is by far the best of all the plans they proposed.
I believe this is inaccurate.
I believe this is mine.
I believe this is the best choice.
I believe this is the only thing I can do for you.
I believe this is true.
I believe this is wrong.
I believe this isn't a good idea.
I believe this lost man.
I believe this man is lost.
I believe this man to be a lost cause.
I believe this may be a correction after investigation of his date of birth in the family register.
I believe this must be stopped.
I believe this should be changed.
I believe this type of medicine will help your illness.
I believe this was unnecessary.
I believe this will be the last battle of the war.
I believe this.
I believe we can do better.
I believe we can do business together.
I believe we can do it.
I believe we can do that.
I believe we can get that done.
I believe we can make the necessary modifications by tomorrow.
I believe we have a serious situation.
I believe we have a staff meeting scheduled for 2:30.
I believe we have all the particulars.
I believe we have overlooked an important issue.
I believe we need that.
I believe we should be giving a positive message.
I believe we spoke on the phone.
I believe we understand each other.
I believe we'll be able to succeed.
I believe we're moving forward.
I believe we've overlooked an important issue.
I believe we've seen enough.
I believe what Tom said.
I believe what Tom told me.
I believe what everyone here believes.
I believe what he says.
I believe what is written in her letter.
I believe what the Bible says.
I believe what you said is true.
I believe what you say.
I believe whatever he says.
I believe with all my heart that our first priority must be world peace, and that use of force is always and only a last resort, when everything else has failed, and then only with regard to our national security.
I believe you all know Tom.
I believe you all know her.
I believe you all know him.
I believe you all know me.
I believe you all know them.
I believe you all know us.
I believe you are honest.
I believe you are incorrect.
I believe you are mistaken.
I believe you are right.
I believe you believe that.
I believe you both know Tom.
I believe you both know her.
I believe you both know him.
I believe you both know me.
I believe you both know them.
I believe you both know us.
I believe you can help us.
I believe you can succeed.
I believe you dialed the wrong number.
I believe you did the right thing.
I believe you do care.
I believe you have an appointment with my fist. Let me take you there.
I believe you have appendicitis.
I believe you have information that can help us.
I believe you have my umbrella.
I believe you know Tom.
I believe you know her.
I believe you know him.
I believe you know my lovely wife, Anna.
I believe you know the rules.
I believe you know them.
I believe you know what I mean.
I believe you know what Marcus is doing.
I believe you know what this is all about.
I believe you know what you're supposed to be doing.
I believe you know what you’re supposed to be doing.
I believe you like your job.
I believe you managed to free yourself.
I believe you owe me an apology.
I believe you really made fun of him.
I believe you said it the other way around.
I believe you should go.
I believe you should leave.
I believe you understand me.
I believe you want to help.
I believe you were taken in.
I believe you'll get over it soon.
I believe you'll get through the problems.
I believe you'll pass the exam.
I believe you'll succeed.
I believe you'll win.
I believe you're honest.
I believe you're mistaken.
I believe you're right.
I believe you're telling the truth.
I believe you're trying to take advantage of me.
I believe you're wrong.
I believe you've answered all my questions.
I believe you've been had.
I believe you've been looking for me.
I believe you've been trying to contact us.
I believe you've dialed the wrong number.
I believe you've met Tom.
I believe you've met her.
I believe you've met him.
I believe you've met them.
I believe you, but unfortunately Tom and Mary don't.
I believe you, but unfortunately Tom doesn't.
I believe you.
I believe your statement is incorrect.
I believe your story.
I believe your word.
I believe your words.
I believe you’ll get over it soon.
I believe, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that she is innocent.
I believe, indeed, that overemphasis on the purely intellectual attitude, often directed solely to the practical and factual, in our education, has led directly to the impairment of ethical values.
I believed God was constantly talking to me.
I believed I had become immortal.
I believed I had heard something.
I believed I was doing the right thing.
I believed Mina immediately.
I believed Tom at first.
I believed Tom was guilty.
I believed Tom when he said he loved me.
I believed Tom.
I believed every word he said.
I believed everything around me was a sign of some divine mission.
I believed everything they told us.
I believed her.
I believed him at first.
I believed him to be in good health.
I believed him.
I believed in Tom.
I believed in myself.
I believed in what they said.
I believed in you from the beginning.
I believed it was love from the very start.
I believed it.
I believed that he had no right to do that.
I believed that he was a doctor.
I believed that he was a physician.
I believed that he would keep his promise.
I believed that.
I believed them.
I believed this promise with unbelievably great naivete for a long time.
I believed we had a mutual understanding.
I believed what Tom said.
I believed what Tom told me.
I believed what he said.
I believed what they said.
I believed what you told me.
I believed you and Tom.
I believed you'd come.
I believed you, but Tom didn't.
I believed you.
I belittled Mira.
I belong here.
I belong somewhere else.
I belong to a clan.
I belong to a gym.
I belong to a literary circle.
I belong to a swimming club.
I belong to a tennis club in my university.
I belong to a tennis club.
I belong to a yacht club.
I belong to no one but myself.
I belong to no one.
I belong to that kind of people who can be either on top or at the bottom.
I belong to the House of Martok.
I belong to the baseball team.
I belong to the brass band, and so does my brother.
I belong to the brass band.
I belong to the drama club.
I belong to the karate club.
I belong to the literary circle.
I belong to the music club.
I belong to the rugby football club.
I belong to the sailing club.
I belong to the swimming club.
I belong to the tennis club.
I belong to the yacht club.
I belong to those guys who find it enjoyable to be out of fashion.
I belong to you. It's that simple.
I belong with my family.
I belonged to the harmonica club in my high school days.
I bend over backwards every day to provide for my family's needs.
I benefited much from my association with him.
I bent down to pick up a coin I saw on the ground.
I bent down to pick up a coin that I saw on the ground.
I bent my knees.
I bent over backwards trying not to offend Tom.
I bent over slightly to choose a coffee and get the change.
I bent over to pick up my pen which had fallen on the floor.
I bent over to pick up the pen.
I bent over to take the pen.
I berated Tom.
I beseech Allah to grant my father a place in Paradise and reunite us in the afterlife.
I beseech thee, saith he, be not angry, Lord, if I speak yet once more: What if ten shall be found there? And he said: I will not destroy it for the sake of ten.
I beseech you to know one thing that over 300 Indian people in my crew have put their blood, sweat and tears into my film.
I beseech you, in the bowels of Christ, think it possible you may be mistaken.
I besought him for a favorable answer.
I besought him to help me.
I bet Dave paid a pretty penny for his new car.
I bet I can do better than Tom.
I bet I can do better than her.
I bet I can do better than him.
I bet I can do better than me.
I bet I can do better than them.
I bet I can do it.
I bet I can do that better than Tom can.
I bet I can do that.
I bet I can guess.
I bet I can make you laugh.
I bet I can prove it.
I bet I can quit smoking from now on.
I bet I can say this tongue-twister faster than you!
I bet I can sing that song better than Tom.
I bet I can sit here longer without saying a thing than you can.
I bet I can sit here longer without saying anything than you can.
I bet I can walk there faster than you can get there by car.
I bet I did better on the test than you did.
I bet I do have them.
I bet I finish first.
I bet I get there before you.
I bet I know what you want.
I bet I know what you're thinking.
I bet I know what's coming.
I bet I know what's wrong.
I bet I win.
I bet I won't see you again.
I bet I'll see Tom there.
I bet I'll see them.
I bet I'm not the only one who didn't do his homework.
I bet I'm not the only one who knows how to do this.
I bet John will get that job.
I bet Mary thirty dollars that she couldn't do that.
I bet Sami ran away.
I bet Tom and Mary are angry.
I bet Tom and Mary are happy.
I bet Tom and Mary are pretty upset.
I bet Tom and Mary are wondering why you did that.
I bet Tom and Mary don't have any plans.
I bet Tom and Mary don't make it on time.
I bet Tom and Mary don't remember me.
I bet Tom and Mary each thirty dollars that they couldn't do that.
I bet Tom and Mary have never even been to Boston.
I bet Tom and Mary know how to do that.
I bet Tom and Mary know how to swim.
I bet Tom and Mary know the answer.
I bet Tom and Mary know the lyrics.
I bet Tom and Mary were hungry.
I bet Tom and Mary were really happy.
I bet Tom and Mary were surprised.
I bet Tom and Mary were very happy.
I bet Tom and Mary would be good teachers.
I bet Tom can speak French.
I bet Tom can speak a little French.
I bet Tom can't tell the difference.
I bet Tom could do it.
I bet Tom could do that for you.
I bet Tom could do that.
I bet Tom could help you do that.
I bet Tom could help you with that.
I bet Tom could help you.
I bet Tom could help.
I bet Tom couldn't do that.
I bet Tom did what Mary said he did.
I bet Tom didn't ask anyone for help.
I bet Tom didn't expect that to happen.
I bet Tom didn't have any books with him.
I bet Tom didn't know that.
I bet Tom didn't like that.
I bet Tom didn't stay up all night worrying about this.
I bet Tom didn't tell Mary that.
I bet Tom doesn't even know Mary.
I bet Tom doesn't get here on time.
I bet Tom doesn't have any plans.
I bet Tom doesn't know anything.
I bet Tom doesn't make it on time.
I bet Tom doesn't make it.
I bet Tom doesn't remember me.
I bet Tom doesn't sleep a wink tonight.
I bet Tom enjoyed it a lot.
I bet Tom forgot to sign the document.
I bet Tom forgot.
I bet Tom got delayed.
I bet Tom has never done that.
I bet Tom has never even been to Australia.
I bet Tom has never even been to Boston.
I bet Tom hates me now.
I bet Tom he couldn't do that.
I bet Tom is angry.
I bet Tom is disappointed.
I bet Tom is doing that right now.
I bet Tom is happy.
I bet Tom is here.
I bet Tom is hungry.
I bet Tom is none too pleased.
I bet Tom is pretty upset.
I bet Tom is still in Australia.
I bet Tom is still in Boston.
I bet Tom is still in love Mary.
I bet Tom is tired.
I bet Tom is wondering why we didn't do that.
I bet Tom is wondering why you did that.
I bet Tom is wondering why you didn't do that.
I bet Tom is younger than Mary.
I bet Tom isn't telling the truth.
I bet Tom kidnapped Mary.
I bet Tom knows French.
I bet Tom knows how to do that.
I bet Tom knows how to swim.
I bet Tom knows the answer.
I bet Tom knows the lyrics.
I bet Tom knows where Mary is.
I bet Tom liked his birthday present.
I bet Tom loses today.
I bet Tom never kissed you like that.
I bet Tom never spoke to you like that.
I bet Tom never uses his old camera again.
I bet Tom paid a lot for his new car.
I bet Tom ran away.
I bet Tom said something funny.
I bet Tom still hasn't stopped laughing.
I bet Tom still loves Mary.
I bet Tom thirty dollars that I could do that.
I bet Tom thirty dollars that Mary wouldn't do that.
I bet Tom thirty dollars that he couldn't do that.
I bet Tom took this photo.
I bet Tom was happy.
I bet Tom was hungry.
I bet Tom was real happy.
I bet Tom was surprised.
I bet Tom was very happy.
I bet Tom wasn't telling the truth.
I bet Tom wasn't the only one who thought that.
I bet Tom will be back soon.
I bet Tom will be back.
I bet Tom will be late.
I bet Tom will be more careful next time.
I bet Tom will be surprised.
I bet Tom will be the first one to get here.
I bet Tom will be the first one to show up.
I bet Tom will be there.
I bet Tom will do it.
I bet Tom will do that for us.
I bet Tom will do that.
I bet Tom will do this.
I bet Tom will get mad at you.
I bet Tom will get mad.
I bet Tom will never try that again.
I bet Tom won't agree to do that.
I bet Tom won't agree.
I bet Tom won't be able to see the difference.
I bet Tom won't be able to tell the difference.
I bet Tom won't be back today.
I bet Tom won't come.
I bet Tom won't cry.
I bet Tom won't do it.
I bet Tom won't do that again.
I bet Tom won't do that.
I bet Tom won't go to Australia next summer.
I bet Tom won't go to Boston next summer.
I bet Tom won't help us.
I bet Tom won't laugh.
I bet Tom won't leave on time.
I bet Tom won't see the difference.
I bet Tom won't wait for you.
I bet Tom won't win.
I bet Tom would be a good teacher.
I bet Tom would be able to do that.
I bet Tom would be able to help you.
I bet Tom would be able to show you how to do that.
I bet Tom would be able to tell you where Mary lives.
I bet Tom would be able to tell you why Mary did that.
I bet Tom would be glad if Mary didn't come tonight.
I bet Tom would be glad if Mary didn’t come tonight.
I bet Tom would love it.
I bet Uncle Alfred'll come back.
I bet a human did this since this is much too clever for a squirrel who would just want to eat the nuts.
I bet a lot.
I bet all the boys want your phone number.
I bet all will turn out well.
I bet anything that's Tom's daughter.
I bet everyone is waiting.
I bet everyone was queuing up to get that job.
I bet everything will turn out well.
I bet five dollars that he will not come.
I bet five pounds on the horse.
I bet he arrives late - he always does.
I bet he arrives late – he always does.
I bet he doesn't know anything.
I bet he doesn't make it.
I bet he doesn’t make it.
I bet he hates me now.
I bet he is our principal.
I bet he isn't telling the truth.
I bet he was surprised.
I bet he will get mad.
I bet he'll be ticked off if I call him this late.
I bet he'll forget again.
I bet her boobs are fake.
I bet him a Coke.
I bet it isn't the first time Tom has done that.
I bet it isn't the first time that Tom has done that.
I bet it was Tom who did that.
I bet it was Tom.
I bet it was her who did it.
I bet it was him who did it.
I bet it was them who did it.
I bet it will rain tomorrow.
I bet it won't be long before Tom and Mary get here.
I bet it won't be long before Tom gets here.
I bet it works.
I bet it'll be fun.
I bet it'll rain tomorrow.
I bet it's Tom.
I bet it's fine tonight.
I bet it's him.
I bet it's not much fun to do that.
I bet it's not the first time Tom and Mary have done that.
I bet it's not the first time Tom has done that.
I bet it's not the first time that Tom has done that.
I bet it's not too difficult to do that.
I bet it's not too hard to do that.
I bet it's pretty easy to do that.
I bet it's really easy to translate this text.
I bet it’s fine tonight.
I bet most people would agree with you.
I bet my bottom dollar he is innocent.
I bet my friend $100 that he wouldn't eat a live cockroach. I lost!
I bet my friend $100 that he wouldn’t eat a live cockroach. I lost!
I bet no one is sleepy.
I bet no one's ever said that before.
I bet no one's ever said that sentence before.
I bet nobody's ever told you that.
I bet nobody's sleepy.
I bet nothing'll happen.
I bet on Tom to win.
I bet on Tom.
I bet on horses.
I bet on it.
I bet on the wrong horse.
I bet only a trace of the world's human population are people with good hearts.
I bet she hates me now.
I bet she is younger than me.
I bet stuff like this doesn't happen to Tom.
I bet ten dollars on that horse.
I bet ten quid that Liverpool would beat Manchester United in the derby match.
I bet that I can do that better than Tom can.
I bet that I can finish this task in an hour's time.
I bet that I can finish this task in an hour’s time.
I bet that I can jump higher than you.
I bet that I can make you laugh.
I bet that I'll see Tom there.
I bet that I'm not the only one who knows how to do this.
I bet that Tom has never even been to Australia.
I bet that Tom is still in Australia.
I bet that Tom is still in Boston.
I bet that Tom ran away.
I bet that Tom won't agree to do that.
I bet that Tom won't agree.
I bet that Tom won't go to Australia next summer.
I bet that Tom won't laugh.
I bet that doesn't happen.
I bet that dog is around here somewhere.
I bet that dog is over there.
I bet that everything will turn out well.
I bet that he'll accept your proposal.
I bet that he’ll accept your proposal.
I bet that hurt.
I bet that nobody's ever said that before.
I bet that nothing will happen.
I bet that nothing'll happen.
I bet that the price of oil will go up.
I bet that the rates won't go down.
I bet that they did not teach astronomy in your elementary school.
I bet that tomorrow you'll figure this out.
I bet that translating this text will be really easy.
I bet that we'll be able to sell a lot of these.
I bet that we're going to be late.
I bet that would look great on me.
I bet that you didn't know this.
I bet that you don't make it far.
I bet that you haven't had to do that.
I bet that you still haven't figured out what this is.
I bet that you tell everyone that.
I bet that you're going to tell me that you're too tired to help.
I bet that you're going to tell me you're too tired to help.
I bet that you're hungry.
I bet that you're naked.
I bet that you're tired after doing that.
I bet that's gonna take a while.
I bet that's not even Mary's real phone number.
I bet that's not true.
I bet that's pretty easy to do.
I bet the boys are hungry.
I bet the delay will frustrate her.
I bet the one who did this was Tom.
I bet the price of oil will go up.
I bet the prices won't be much higher than they were last time.
I bet the rates won't go down.
I bet the teacher's going to get mad!
I bet the teacher’s going to get mad!
I bet their baby is beautiful.
I bet there are some major legal issues with all of this.
I bet they didn't even ask Tom to help.
I bet they really miss you there.
I bet they said a lot of things about Tom.
I bet this is the first time that this has happened to you.
I bet this is the first time this has happened to you.
I bet this will work.
I bet three hundred dollars on that horse.
I bet we have a test today.
I bet we'll be able to sell a lot of these.
I bet we'll have a good time.
I bet we'll have a test today.
I bet we'll have fun.
I bet we'll see Tom before the end of the week.
I bet we'll see Tom there.
I bet we're going to be late.
I bet we've all asked ourselves that same question more than once.
I bet we’ll have a test today.
I bet we’ll see Tom before the end of the week.
I bet you 100 dollars that the president will die before his term ends.
I bet you Tom will be late.
I bet you Tom won't be at the party.
I bet you a dollar Tom doesn't show up.
I bet you a dollar that Tom doesn't show up.
I bet you aced your exams.
I bet you can do it.
I bet you can do that.
I bet you can't catch me.
I bet you can't do ten pushups.
I bet you can't do that.
I bet you can't do this.
I bet you can't guess where I was last night!
I bet you can't guess where Tom is.
I bet you can't translate this sentence with precisely 87 characters, no more, no less.
I bet you cannot even guess what it is!
I bet you could do that if you tried.
I bet you could do that.
I bet you could drink a lot of beer.
I bet you could get Tom to do that if you tried.
I bet you didn't drink it.
I bet you didn't expect that to happen.
I bet you didn't expect to see me again so soon.
I bet you didn't know I was going to do that.
I bet you didn't know that I was going to do that.
I bet you didn't know that.
I bet you didn't know this.
I bet you didn't plan for that.
I bet you didn't see that coming.
I bet you didn't see this coming.
I bet you don't even know how to kiss a girl.
I bet you don't even know what the property is worth.
I bet you don't know the answer.
I bet you don't make it far.
I bet you don't remember me.
I bet you don't remember the first time that we met.
I bet you don't remember the first time we met.
I bet you drive the girls wild.
I bet you get cold.
I bet you guys are hungry.
I bet you have to twist your body into uncomfortable positions to be able to apply sunblock to your back.
I bet you haven't had to do that.
I bet you haven't seen anything like that before.
I bet you know French.
I bet you know this.
I bet you know who told me that.
I bet you live alone.
I bet you miss Tom a lot.
I bet you no one's thought of this before.
I bet you say that to all the girls.
I bet you smashed your exams.
I bet you still haven't figured out what this is.
I bet you tell everyone that.
I bet you ten bucks that you can't stay off the grog for a month.
I bet you that Tom won't be at the party.
I bet you think I'm crazy.
I bet you think I'm just writing that to impress you.
I bet you thirty dollars that Tom won't come.
I bet you used to live in Boston.
I bet you want me back now.
I bet you were glad to leave.
I bet you weren't expecting that to happen.
I bet you weren't expecting that.
I bet you wish you hadn't done that.
I bet you won't do that.
I bet you work.
I bet you'd look good in a dog collar with a little bone-shaped tag with your name on it.
I bet you'd make a great father.
I bet you'd never heard of a Stroh violin before Tom Waits dug it back up! Anyway, it used a large metal horn as its resonator instead of a wooden box so it could be picked up better by recording equipment before the late 1920s.
I bet you'll be a great father.
I bet you're a great teacher.
I bet you're busy.
I bet you're comfy in your room.
I bet you're feeling really good right now.
I bet you're going to tell me that you're too tired to help.
I bet you're going to tell me you're too tired to help.
I bet you're happy.
I bet you're hungry.
I bet you're in love.
I bet you're naked.
I bet you're pretty smart, right?
I bet you're really smart.
I bet you're right.
I bet you're surprised to see me.
I bet you're talking about Tom.
I bet you're tired after doing that.
I bet you're wondering how this works.
I bet you're wondering why I did that.
I bet you're wondering why Tom left so early.
I bet you've done this before.
I bet you've got a few questions.
I bet you've never climbed a tree.
I bet you’d never heard of a Stroh violin before Tom Waits dug it back up! Anyway, it used a large metal horn as its resonator instead of a wooden box so it could be picked up better by recording equipment before the late 1920s.
I bet, tomorrow you'll find a bad bat in your bed.
I bet.
I betrayed Silya.
I betrayed Tom.
I betrayed her.
I betrayed him.
I betrayed you and Tom.
I betrayed you.
I betted him a Coke.
I better cut myself in the veins!
I better drink my own piss.
I better find Sami first.
I better get going, it's getting late.
I better go and change.
I better go check on those cookies.
I better leave it like that.
I better not catch you going around there, or I'll ground you for a week.
I better stop thinking then.
I better tell him myself.
I bid Tom adieu.
I bid against him.
I bid on it.
I bid ten dollars for the old stove.
I bid thee a happy voyage to thine abode.
I bid you adieu.
I bid you farewell.
I bid you greetings and may there be peace through fellowship between us.
I bid you greetings.
I bid you welcome.
I bid.
I bike to school.
I bike to work.
I biked there.
I bit Tom.
I bit him.
I bit into a soft bun.
I bit into his tail.
I bit into my sandwich.
I bit into the toasted bun.
I bit my lip.
I bit my tongue until it bled.
I bit my tongue.
I bit off more than I could chew.
I bit the bullet and actually told her.
I bit the inside of my lip and got a canker sore.
I bit.
I bite my lip and nod.
I bite the dog.
I blab about the boy all the time.
I blacked out.
I blame Tom for all of this.
I blame Tom for everything.
I blame Tom for that.
I blame Tom for this mess.
I blame Tom for what happened to all of us.
I blame Tom for what happened.
I blame Tom's friends.
I blame Tom, too.
I blame Tom.
I blame her.
I blame him for our failure in the negotiations.
I blame him.
I blame my weight on my wife's cooking.
I blame myself for a lot of this.
I blame myself for a lot of what happened.
I blame myself for a lot of what has happened.
I blame myself for allowing that to happen.
I blame myself for most of this.
I blame myself for this.
I blame myself for what happened to you.
I blame myself for what happened.
I blame myself severely for having so easily believed the slanderous tales invented by Charles Smith to the prejudice of Lady Susan.
I blame myself.
I blame no one but myself.
I blame them.
I blame this problem on peer pressure.
I blame you and Tom.
I blame you for that.
I blame you for this, Tom.
I blame you, too.
I blame you.
I blame your beard.
I blamed Tom for the accident.
I blamed Tom.
I blamed her for everything.
I blamed him for his fault.
I blamed him for the accident.
I blamed him.
I blamed myself.
I blamed you and Tom.
I blanched.
I blasphemed him.
I bleed easily when I am cut.
I bleed when I have bowel movements.
I bleed when I make love.
I bless you, my son!
I blew Tom a kiss.
I blew Tom's cover.
I blew a gasket.
I blew him a kiss.
I blew his mind.
I blew it.
I blew my breath against the mirror.
I blew my whole bonus on shopping and travel.
I blew on my hands to warm them.
I blew out my voice from yelling too much.
I blew the candle out.
I blew the dust off the old book.
I blew the whistle on him.
I blinded the spectators.
I blindly believed Tom. Now I regret it.
I blinked in amazement at the unexpected development.
I blinked.
I blocked Tom on Facebook.
I blocked Tom's way.
I blocked Tom.
I blocked everything out.
I blocked her on Facebook.
I blocked him because his behavior was not appropriate.
I blocked off the road with rocks.
I blow out the candle.
I bluff a lot.
I blunted one.
I blush for you.
I blush for your mistake.
I blush to think of such conduct.
I blush to think of what a fool I was then.
I blush when I see you.
I blushed because Mary was looking at me.
I blushed because he was looking at me.
I blushed because she was looking at me.
I blushed with shame.
I blushed.
I bluster as though I know what I am doing.
I board the train at the terminal.
I boarded a bus bound for Boston.
I boarded a train from Algiers.
I boarded the bus.
I boarded the plane.
I boarded the ship.
I boarded the train at the last minute.
I boarded the train bound for London.
I boarded the train.
I boil water in a sauce pan.
I boiled an egg.
I boiled one.
I boiled some eggs.
I boiled the eggs.
I boiled the potatoes.
I boiled two hard-boiled eggs for Tom.
I boldly accepted my identity.
I boldly jumped into the sea.
I boldly painted my answer.
I bolted down the road.
I bolted inside the house.
I bolted out of the tent.
I bolted the door.
I book flights and accommodations in advance.
I book this Berber dictionary for her.
I booked a campsite.
I booked a familiar campsite.
I booked a flight for Paris.
I booked a return ticket.
I booked a return.
I booked a room for Thursday.
I booked a room.
I booked a seat at this restaurant.
I booked a seat.
I booked a suite in a swanky hotel.
I booked it back to the camper.
I booked one.
I booked the best room in the hotel for you.
I booked the field.
I booked through to Paris.
I booked two tickets.
I booked us a hotel in Galway tonight.
I booked us an earlier flight.
I bookmarked the page.
I bookmarked this website.
I booped an oinker's snoot once.
I bore the pain.
I bore this trial.
I borrow books from the city library.
I borrow books from the library.
I borrow money.
I borrow them from the city library.
I borrowed 1,000 yen from my cousin.
I borrowed Father's hammer to build a dog house.
I borrowed Father’s hammer to build a dog house.
I borrowed Tom's bicycle.
I borrowed Tom's bike.
I borrowed Tom's car.
I borrowed Tom's hairbrush.
I borrowed Tom's mobile this morning.
I borrowed Tom's phone this morning.
I borrowed Tom's ruler.
I borrowed Tom's umbrella without asking.
I borrowed Tom's umbrella.
I borrowed Tom’s phone this morning.
I borrowed a DVD from Gustavo's movie collection.
I borrowed a book from the library and read it.
I borrowed a book from the library.
I borrowed a friend's tent.
I borrowed a hammer from my father to build a doghouse.
I borrowed a necklace to wear to the banquet tonight.
I borrowed a tent from one of my friends.
I borrowed an adaptor from a friend.
I borrowed books from the library and read them.
I borrowed her hairbrush.
I borrowed his pencil without asking.
I borrowed it.
I borrowed money from Tom.
I borrowed money from her.
I borrowed money from him.
I borrowed money from my father.
I borrowed money from my friends.
I borrowed money from the company's cash reserve.
I borrowed money from them.
I borrowed money not only from Tom, but from his wife, too.
I borrowed my father's hammer to build a dog house.
I borrowed my father’s hammer to build a dog house.
I borrowed one hundred dollars for him.
I borrowed one hundred dollars from him.
I borrowed one.
I borrowed some money from Tom.
I borrowed some money from a friend.
I borrowed some money.
I borrowed something from Tom.
I borrowed something.
I borrowed that book from the library.
I borrowed that sentence from Tamara.
I borrowed the book from a library.
I borrowed the book from the library, but I haven't read much of it yet.
I borrowed the book from the library, but I haven’t read much of it yet.
I borrowed the book from this library.
I borrowed the car to them.
I borrowed the dictionary from my friend.
I borrowed the notebook PC from the junior staff member.
I borrowed the screwdriver from a friend of mine.
I borrowed them from the town library.
I borrowed these from Tom.
I borrowed this beach umbrella from Tom.
I borrowed this book from Tom.
I borrowed this book from him.
I borrowed this book from the library.
I borrowed this book from you a few years ago.
I borrowed this car from one of my friends.
I borrowed this cartoon from his older sister.
I borrowed this comic book from his sister.
I borrowed this comic from his sister.
I borrowed this from Tom.
I borrowed this textbook from Tom.
I borrowed this umbrella from Tom.
I borrowed this umbrella from a friend.
I borrowed those comics from her sister.
I borrowed those comics from his sister.
I borrowed three books from the library.
I borrowed two books.
I borrowed your pillow.
I both ski and snowboard.
I bought 24 pencils.
I bought Christmas presents today.
I bought Jimmy a home computer.
I bought John an album.
I bought Mary a scarf.
I bought Nuja’s restaurant.
I bought Rima a new house in Algiers.
I bought Taninna a Kabyle dress.
I bought Tom a banjo for Christmas.
I bought Tom a beach ball.
I bought Tom a belt.
I bought Tom a bicycle for his birthday.
I bought Tom a bicycle.
I bought Tom a book.
I bought Tom a box of crayons.
I bought Tom a car.
I bought Tom a clock.
I bought Tom a coffee.
I bought Tom a couple of drinks.
I bought Tom a dog.
I bought Tom a drink.
I bought Tom a gift card.
I bought Tom a gift.
I bought Tom a hat.
I bought Tom a hot dog.
I bought Tom a laptop.
I bought Tom a new car.
I bought Tom a pint of beer.
I bought Tom a present last Christmas.
I bought Tom a present this afternoon.
I bought Tom a present.
I bought Tom a remote controlled fire truck and he seems very happy with it.
I bought Tom a sweater.
I bought Tom a tie.
I bought Tom a toy car.
I bought Tom a tricycle.
I bought Tom a watch.
I bought Tom lunch.
I bought Tom some balloons.
I bought Tom some chocolate.
I bought Tom some drinks.
I bought Tom some food as well.
I bought Tom some food, too.
I bought Tom something to eat.
I bought Tom the shirt he's wearing.
I bought Tom what I promised I'd buy.
I bought Tom what I promised to buy.
I bought Tom what he said he needed.
I bought Tom what he said he wanted.
I bought Tom's last novel, but I don't think I'll buy his next one.
I bought Tom's new novel.
I bought Tom's old car for $3,000.
I bought a 12-string guitar the week before last.
I bought a Berber dictionary.
I bought a Christmas tree.
I bought a Daily News.
I bought a Microsoft mouse.
I bought a Nintendo 3DS.
I bought a Picasso.
I bought a T-shirt from the surf shop.
I bought a T-shirt.
I bought a VCR at that store for a low price.
I bought a VIP pass.
I bought a VW bus.
I bought a backpack at the army surplus store.
I bought a bag of frozen corn.
I bought a bag of potatoes.
I bought a barbell.
I bought a baseball bat.
I bought a basketball.
I bought a beach ball for Tom.
I bought a beautiful large ancient red Iranian woolen carpet.
I bought a beautiful silk tie for my uncle.
I bought a beginner's Swahili book at the secondhand book shop.
I bought a belt for Tom.
I bought a bicycle for Tom.
I bought a bicycle instead.
I bought a birthday card for Tom.
I bought a blue bicycle because I like this color.
I bought a book about animals.
I bought a book about dinosaurs at a secondhand bookstore.
I bought a book about dinosaurs at a used bookstore.
I bought a book and he a ruler.
I bought a book called "The Five Pillars of Islam" and I read it.
I bought a book for two hundred yen.
I bought a book here yesterday.
I bought a book of boners.
I bought a book of folktales.
I bought a book of jokes.
I bought a book online.
I bought a book that will be very interesting.
I bought a book yesterday.
I bought a book.
I bought a bookshelf made of mahogany.
I bought a bottle of beer at the liquor store.
I bought a bottle of beer at the off-licence.
I bought a bottle of beer at the offie.
I bought a bottle of beer from the off-licence.
I bought a bottle of black currant syrup today.
I bought a bottle of salad oil.
I bought a bottle of water.
I bought a bottle of wine to take to the party.
I bought a box lunch at the station.
I bought a box of chocolates on the way to work as a gift for my colleagues.
I bought a box of crayons for Tom.
I bought a box of donuts.
I bought a box of doughnuts.
I bought a brown and black rug.
I bought a budgerigar.
I bought a budgie.
I bought a bus ticket.
I bought a cabin near a lake.
I bought a cactus.
I bought a camera at a store not too far from here.
I bought a camera for 30 dollars.
I bought a camera for 30,000 yen.
I bought a camera for thirty dollars.
I bought a camera free of tax.
I bought a camera not long ago.
I bought a camera the other day.
I bought a camera two days ago.
I bought a camera with its accessories.
I bought a camera, but I lost it the next day.
I bought a camera, but already I lost it the next day.
I bought a camera.
I bought a can of sardines.
I bought a candy bar.
I bought a cap for Tom and I'll buy a pair of gloves for Mary.
I bought a car for Tom.
I bought a car for you.
I bought a car in Boston yesterday.
I bought a car in Derry yesterday.
I bought a car in October.
I bought a car yesterday.
I bought a car.
I bought a carton of cigarettes at the airport.
I bought a carton of milk from the supermarket.
I bought a case of wine.
I bought a cashmere sweater for myself.
I bought a cat at that shop.
I bought a cat at this shop.
I bought a checkers game with a board of green and white squares and white and red checkers. It looks like a Christmas tree.
I bought a chip pan.
I bought a clock for Tom.
I bought a clothes rack from IKEA.
I bought a coat and a jacket at the department store.
I bought a commemorative medal on my trip.
I bought a computer of the best quality.
I bought a computer.
I bought a couple of cans of sardines.
I bought a couple of notebooks to journal in.
I bought a deep-fat fryer.
I bought a dictionary the other day.
I bought a dictionary.
I bought a dog for Tom.
I bought a dog for him.
I bought a dog.
I bought a down jacket.
I bought a dozen apples.
I bought a dozen eggs and a loaf of bread.
I bought a dozen eggs.
I bought a dozen pencils today.
I bought a dozen spoons and two dozen forks.
I bought a drill yesterday.
I bought a fanny pack.
I bought a farm not too far from Boston.
I bought a fashion magazine.
I bought a few apples.
I bought a few books from the bookstore.
I bought a few eggs and a little milk.
I bought a few stamps.
I bought a fir tree to decorate for Christmas.
I bought a flag.
I bought a flashlight, but I forgot to buy batteries.
I bought a fondue cookbook.
I bought a frozen pizza at the supermarket.
I bought a game for the kids.
I bought a gift for Tom.
I bought a glass vase.
I bought a good camera.
I bought a green couch yesterday, but I couldn't fit it through the door, so I had to return it.
I bought a green couch yesterday, but I couldn’t fit it through the door, so I had to return it.
I bought a guidebook for the museums of Florence.
I bought a guitar last year.
I bought a guitar.
I bought a handmade rug a couple of days ago.
I bought a hat and mittens.
I bought a hat at the store.
I bought a hat for Tom.
I bought a hat in that shop.
I bought a hat in the shop.
I bought a hat.
I bought a horse.
I bought a house for you.
I bought a house in 2013.
I bought a house in Australia.
I bought a house in Boston last month.
I bought a house in Boston.
I bought a house in Kabylie, Algeria.
I bought a house in the suburbs.
I bought a house recently.
I bought a house with a pool.
I bought a house with a swimming pool.
I bought a house with the money I inherited from my grandfather.
I bought a house with the money that I inherited from my grandfather.
I bought a house.
I bought a huge bag of dried figs yesterday.
I bought a hybrid.
I bought a jacket without a collar.
I bought a juicer.
I bought a jump rope.
I bought a jumper.
I bought a kilogram of sugar, and she used the whole amount for an enormous cake.
I bought a kite for you.
I bought a kite to give to you.
I bought a kitten.
I bought a laptop.
I bought a large pair of sunglasses.
I bought a laser pointer for the presentation.
I bought a leather frame for the picture.
I bought a loaf of bread at the baker's.
I bought a loaf of bread at the baker’s.
I bought a loaf of bread for breakfast.
I bought a lollipop.
I bought a lot of apples today because they were on sale.
I bought a lot of books.
I bought a lot of brandy.
I bought a lot of fish at the supermarket today.
I bought a lot of food for the party.
I bought a lot of food.
I bought a lot of things from Tom.
I bought a lot of things.
I bought a lovely house.
I bought a magazine at a store just outside the station.
I bought a magazine at the bookstore.
I bought a magazine from him.
I bought a magazine in a store.
I bought a magazine to read on the plane.
I bought a magazine to read on the train.
I bought a magazine.
I bought a math book with some money I saved.
I bought a motorcycle three weeks ago.
I bought a new Berber dictionary.
I bought a new backpack yesterday.
I bought a new bag.
I bought a new ball point pen with an electronic watch especially for this test.
I bought a new bicycle.
I bought a new calculator.
I bought a new camera.
I bought a new car for Tom.
I bought a new car last week.
I bought a new car.
I bought a new car. I bought it new.
I bought a new cellphone.
I bought a new chair for my office.
I bought a new chair.
I bought a new chopping board.
I bought a new computer at €2000.
I bought a new computer last Monday.
I bought a new computer last month.
I bought a new computer to keep up with the times.
I bought a new computer.
I bought a new cricket bat for the game.
I bought a new cutting board.
I bought a new digital camera.
I bought a new dishwasher.
I bought a new dress for her on his behalf.
I bought a new dress.
I bought a new fabric.
I bought a new fishing rod.
I bought a new fountain pen.
I bought a new gravy boat.
I bought a new guitar today.
I bought a new handbag.
I bought a new hard drive.
I bought a new hat at the department store.
I bought a new hat at the mall.
I bought a new hat for my sister.
I bought a new hat yesterday.
I bought a new hat.
I bought a new hotel.
I bought a new house.
I bought a new jigsaw puzzle.
I bought a new mobile phone.
I bought a new motorcycle.
I bought a new mouse.
I bought a new notebook and a couple of pencils.
I bought a new painting to hang in the living room.
I bought a new pair of boots.
I bought a new pair of flip-flops to wear on the beach.
I bought a new pair of glasses.
I bought a new pair of gloves.
I bought a new pair of shoes at the department store the day before yesterday.
I bought a new pair of shoes on Monday.
I bought a new pair of shoes.
I bought a new pair of sunglasses for summer.
I bought a new pair of sunglasses.
I bought a new personal computer yesterday.
I bought a new phone.
I bought a new printer.
I bought a new razor.
I bought a new safety razor.
I bought a new scarf.
I bought a new schoolbag today.
I bought a new scratching post for my cat.
I bought a new set of tires for my car.
I bought a new sewing machine.
I bought a new shaver.
I bought a new sofa.
I bought a new suit of clothes.
I bought a new suit.
I bought a new suitcase the day before yesterday.
I bought a new sweater and I'm as pleased as Punch with it!
I bought a new sweater and I’m as pleased as Punch with it!
I bought a new sweater.
I bought a new t-shirt yesterday.
I bought a new television.
I bought a new umbrella.
I bought a new wallet yesterday.
I bought a newspaper at the supermarket.
I bought a newspaper written in English.
I bought a newspaper.
I bought a one-kilogram bag of raisins.
I bought a one-way ticket to Australia.
I bought a one-way ticket to Boston.
I bought a one-way ticket.
I bought a pack of three cookies, but there were only two in it. I can't believe they ripped me off like that!
I bought a packet of lettuce seeds for the garden.
I bought a painting from Tom.
I bought a pair of boots.
I bought a pair of earrings.
I bought a pair of gloves for Tom and a pair of mittens for Mary.
I bought a pair of gloves for Tom. For Mary, I bought a pair of mittens.
I bought a pair of gloves.
I bought a pair of hiking boots.
I bought a pair of leather gloves.
I bought a pair of leather shoes.
I bought a pair of sandals that match him.
I bought a pair of sandals.
I bought a pair of scissors.
I bought a pair of shoes.
I bought a pair of skates yesterday.
I bought a pair of slacks with the money you gave me.
I bought a pair of sunglasses for Tom.
I bought a pair of sunglasses.
I bought a pen for a pretty girl.
I bought a pen for your birthday present.
I bought a pen like yours yesterday.
I bought a pen, but I lost it.
I bought a pendant to wear to the party.
I bought a personalized toy for my friend's new baby.
I bought a piece of baggage.
I bought a pig in a poke yesterday.
I bought a pineapple at the supermarket.
I bought a pocket dictionary.
I bought a portable music player.
I bought a poster at the Arab World Institute in Paris and I had it framed.
I bought a potato.
I bought a pound of meat the other day.
I bought a present for Tom.
I bought a pretty expensive car.
I bought a pretty long-sleeved sweater.
I bought a printer yesterday.
I bought a pumpkin for Halloween.
I bought a punnet of strawberries.
I bought a rare macaw in Araraquara.
I bought a really good camera.
I bought a red T-shirt yesterday.
I bought a red belt.
I bought a red car.
I bought a red diary.
I bought a red iron.
I bought a red sports car.
I bought a red sweater at that shop.
I bought a red tie.
I bought a return ticket.
I bought a round-trip ticket.
I bought a sandwich for lunch.
I bought a sandwich.
I bought a scarf for Mary.
I bought a scarf for my grandfather for his 88th birthday.
I bought a scarf for my grandfather on my father's side for his 88th birthday.
I bought a scarf for my grandfather on my father's side's 88th birthday.
I bought a sea-themed bedspread for my baby's room.
I bought a second badminton racket for myself, but I forgot to buy a shuttlecock.
I bought a set of brand new speakers.
I bought a set of table linen.
I bought a shackle for the cow.
I bought a shirt yesterday.
I bought a six-pack of beer on my way home from work.
I bought a slow cooker.
I bought a small car.
I bought a small lot on the hillside in Southern France where I plan to build a retirement home.
I bought a small plot on a hill in the south of France to build a house in which I will live when I retire.
I bought a smart air conditioner.
I bought a smartphone for my wife.
I bought a soap in France that smells like piña colada.
I bought a sophisticated security system for my house.
I bought a sponge from Greece.
I bought a sprig of lily of the valley.
I bought a stolen bike.
I bought a suit last week.
I bought a suit with two pairs of pants.
I bought a sweater for Tom.
I bought a sweater to give to Tom.
I bought a sweater.
I bought a table for the living room.
I bought a tablet for you.
I bought a telescope in order to observe the night sky.
I bought a telescope to gaze at the stars.
I bought a thirty-six pound bag of dog food for an eleven pound dog.
I bought a ticket to Australia.
I bought a ticket to Boston.
I bought a ticket.
I bought a tie for Dan and I'll buy a scarf for Elena.
I bought a tie for Dan and I’ll buy a scarf for Elena.
I bought a tie for Tom.
I bought a twelve-pack of beer, and went to the park to spend the night with it.
I bought a used car.
I bought a used phone.
I bought a used truck.
I bought a variety of shade-loving plants to add to my garden: ferns, periwinkle, and several hostas with variegated green and white leaves.
I bought a video tape.
I bought a videogame yesterday.
I bought a watch and I lost it the next day.
I bought a watch and an empty box.
I bought a watch and the package was empty.
I bought a watch at the shop.
I bought a watch at the store.
I bought a watch for Tom.
I bought a watch from Tom.
I bought a watch in that shop.
I bought a watch the other day. It keeps good time.
I bought a watch with cash.
I bought a watch, and I lost it the day after.
I bought a watch.
I bought a webcam.
I bought a week's worth of groceries.
I bought a weekly magazine.
I bought a white, pleated skirt.
I bought a wonderful watch for her.
I bought a wool hat.
I bought a woolen sweater.
I bought a woollen jumper.
I bought a woolly jumper.
I bought a word processor for making a book on my own.
I bought a word processor in order to write a book of my own.
I bought all of these at the same time.
I bought all of these for you.
I bought all of these in Australia.
I bought all of these televisions.
I bought all sorts of sexual toys for my honeymoon.
I bought all the apples.
I bought almost everything on the list.
I bought almost everything.
I bought an Apple mouse. It's only $69!
I bought an Apple mouse. It's only 69 €!
I bought an English book, but the book was hard to understand.
I bought an acrylic brush.
I bought an adapter.
I bought an amethyst necklace for myself.
I bought an ancient lamp.
I bought an anti-theft system for my bike.
I bought an apartment in Kabylie.
I bought an apple and an orange. I ate the apple and gave the orange to Tom.
I bought an apple.
I bought an armchair, but I don't know where I am going to put it on yet.
I bought an autographed collected edition of the works of Tom Miller for a laughable two hundred euros at a flea market. Oh, I robbed that clueless seller! I should confess in church!
I bought an avocado last night.
I bought an e-bike.
I bought an eight-acre farm for my retirement.
I bought an electric bicycle.
I bought an electric bike.
I bought an electric car.
I bought an excellent Russian dictionary.
I bought an expensive bottle of wine.
I bought an external hard drive.
I bought an mp3 copy of Debussy's "Clair de Lune" in an online music store.
I bought an old car.
I bought an old farm.
I bought an old lamp.
I bought an umbrella.
I bought another case of beer.
I bought as much rice as you.
I bought back the guitar I had sold to Tom.
I bought balloons.
I bought bananas.
I bought barbell plates.
I bought both of these.
I bought both those and those.
I bought bread and milk.
I bought bread at the supermarket.
I bought bread from that stand over there.
I bought bread, coffee, sugar and the like.
I bought bread.
I bought butter, cheese, eggs and what not.
I bought candy, cookies and so forth from that store.
I bought chicken, even though Tom wanted me to buy beef.
I bought chocolate from the vending machine.
I bought colored pencils, three euros for ten of them.
I bought dried figs at the market.
I bought dumbbells.
I bought eggs at the store on the way home.
I bought eggs, meat, vegetables, and what not.
I bought eggs.
I bought every book on Japan I could find.
I bought everything I needed for school.
I bought everything I needed to buy.
I bought everything I needed.
I bought everything I wanted.
I bought everything Tom asked me to buy.
I bought everything on the list and nothing else.
I bought everything that Tom asked me to buy.
I bought everything that you asked for.
I bought everything you asked for.
I bought everything you asked me for.
I bought everything you asked me to buy.
I bought everything.
I bought fish.
I bought five books a month.
I bought five metres of fabric in the shop.
I bought five ten-yen stamps.
I bought flowers - roses, lilies, and so on.
I bought flowers because I am going to visit my grandmother this afternoon.
I bought flowers because my grandmother is coming today for a visit.
I bought flowers.
I bought food for dinner at the supermarket.
I bought food from the market.
I bought forty dollars' worth of gasoline today.
I bought forty dollars’ worth of gasoline today.
I bought four new tablecloths.
I bought fresh bread.
I bought fruit and vegetables at the market yesterday.
I bought fruit on the way home too. What would you like to eat? There's bananas, peaches, apples.
I bought half a bottle of wine.
I bought half a dozen eggs.
I bought her a Kabyle dress.
I bought her a beautiful Christmas gift.
I bought her a beautiful dress.
I bought her a clock.
I bought her a dildo.
I bought her a goldfish and a bowl.
I bought her a new car.
I bought her a new computer.
I bought her a nice Christmas present.
I bought her a present last week.
I bought her a toy cat, but she wasn't happy with it.
I bought her a toy cat, but she wasn’t happy with it.
I bought her a vase.
I bought her a watch.
I bought her belt.
I bought her hipster socks at the new boutique.
I bought her some drinks.
I bought hers.
I bought him a clock.
I bought him a drink in return for his help.
I bought him a drink to thank him for his help.
I bought him a magazine.
I bought him a new car.
I bought him a new computer.
I bought him a new toy.
I bought him a tie.
I bought him a watch.
I bought him his belt.
I bought his belt.
I bought his last novel.
I bought his latest novel.
I bought his.
I bought ice cream.
I bought ice-cold water.
I bought ingredients for curry on Sunday.
I bought it a month ago.
I bought it at a department store.
I bought it at a garage sale.
I bought it at a giveaway price.
I bought it at a local store.
I bought it at a reduced price.
I bought it at a thrift shop.
I bought it at a yard sale.
I bought it at the butcher's.
I bought it at the vintage clothing store.
I bought it cheap.
I bought it for 10 dollars.
I bought it for Tom.
I bought it for about twelve dollars.
I bought it for me.
I bought it for my brother.
I bought it for my father.
I bought it for my mother.
I bought it for my sister.
I bought it for myself, not for you.
I bought it for ten dollars.
I bought it for twelve dollars.
I bought it for you guys.
I bought it for you.
I bought it from Tom.
I bought it from a second-hand shop.
I bought it from her.
I bought it from him.
I bought it from them.
I bought it immediately.
I bought it in 2013.
I bought it in Australia.
I bought it in Paris last month.
I bought it in Spain.
I bought it in a thrift store.
I bought it last night.
I bought it last week.
I bought it on credit.
I bought it on that website with the little ship logo.
I bought it on the black market.
I bought it thinking it was cheap, but it was rotten, so I ended up losing out.
I bought it with my hard-earned money.
I bought it with my own money.
I bought it yesterday.
I bought it.
I bought lace curtains for my bedroom window.
I bought lace curtains for my bedroom windows.
I bought lots of books.
I bought lots of great stuff.
I bought lots of souvenirs from Kabylie, Algeria.
I bought lots of stuff.
I bought many books in Classical Japanese and I'm studying them, but it's hard, isn't it?
I bought many books today so I put them in order.
I bought many books.
I bought many cloths.
I bought many notebooks.
I bought many types of cloth.
I bought milk at the supermarket today.
I bought milk today.
I bought milk.
I bought more of those muffins you like.
I bought my daughter a new car.
I bought my first car in 1998.
I bought my first guitar in 2013.
I bought my grandchildren presents.
I bought my house two years ago.
I bought my prom dress there.
I bought my sister a new hat.
I bought my ticket online.
I bought my wife a Kabyle dress.
I bought my wife a bouquet of flowers.
I bought myself a French textbook.
I bought myself a Hungarian textbook.
I bought myself a Nintendo Switch.
I bought myself a badminton racquet but I forgot to buy shuttlecocks.
I bought myself a bag.
I bought myself a banjo for Christmas.
I bought myself a bigger monitor.
I bought myself a bottle of wine.
I bought myself a car even though I don't have money.
I bought myself a car even though I don't yet know how to drive.
I bought myself a car.
I bought myself a cup of coffee.
I bought myself a dog.
I bought myself a hat in that store.
I bought myself a jumper this morning.
I bought myself a kite.
I bought myself a laptop.
I bought myself a new bag.
I bought myself a new camera.
I bought myself a new computer.
I bought myself a new laptop.
I bought myself a new pair of boots.
I bought myself a new pair of gloves.
I bought myself a new pair of shoes.
I bought myself a new scarf.
I bought myself a new sketchbook today.
I bought myself a new suit for the wedding.
I bought myself a nice watch.
I bought myself a pair of new shoes.
I bought myself a piano.
I bought myself a red crayon.
I bought myself a small car.
I bought myself a sweater this morning.
I bought myself a ticket.
I bought myself a trumpet.
I bought myself a very expensive sports car.
I bought myself a warm pair of gloves.
I bought myself an expensive guitar even though I don't yet know how to play very well.
I bought myself another English textbook.
I bought myself four bottles of beer.
I bought myself new shoes.
I bought myself several spiral-bound notebooks.
I bought myself some new earbuds.
I bought myself some new shorts.
I bought myself some new tools.
I bought myself something to drink.
I bought myself something to eat.
I bought myself this superfast popcorn machine as a Christmas present.
I bought new chairs.
I bought new clothes after my diet.
I bought new clothes at the department store.
I bought new clothes.
I bought new glasses.
I bought new notebooks and stationery to use at school.
I bought new scissors.
I bought new shoes at the shoe store.
I bought new soap.
I bought new sunglasses.
I bought new tools.
I bought nine flowers.
I bought on credit.
I bought one for each of you.
I bought one of the paintings, and Tom bought the other.
I bought one of those a few years back.
I bought one other book in addition to this one.
I bought one too.
I bought one with a discount.
I bought one, too.
I bought one.
I bought only five books because they didn't have more.
I bought only four books because they didn't have more.
I bought only one book which I gave to a student.
I bought only one book, which I gave to a student.
I bought only one sheep at the market.
I bought oranges and lemons.
I bought out my partner and now the company is mine.
I bought pencils and a set of gouache paint.
I bought pills at a pharmacy in Vanuatu.
I bought popcorn and soda at the movies.
I bought presents for my godchildren.
I bought presents for my grandchildren.
I bought salted caramel truffles.
I bought sand.
I bought sandals that match the ones Tom is wearing.
I bought sandals.
I bought screws to fix the towel rack.
I bought several Halloween masks.
I bought several audiotapes of folk songs.
I bought several books to read while I'm on vacation.
I bought several books yesterday.
I bought several bottles of water.
I bought several bottles of wine.
I bought several cassettes of the popular singers.
I bought several guidebooks, none of which helped me.
I bought several shirts from his store.
I bought shampoo and toothpaste.
I bought shoes for R50.
I bought shoes.
I bought snacks at the grocery store.
I bought soap.
I bought some American clothes.
I bought some Christmas presents today.
I bought some Romanian books for the students.
I bought some apples.
I bought some at a discounted price.
I bought some balloons for Tom.
I bought some bread and a carton of milk.
I bought some bread on the way home from work.
I bought some bread.
I bought some cheese and a little milk.
I bought some cheese and milk.
I bought some chocolate from the vending machine.
I bought some clothes.
I bought some cotton candy for Tom.
I bought some eggs.
I bought some famous sweets as a gift from my business trip.
I bought some flower for a change, since we usually only ever do concentrates.
I bought some food for Tom as well.
I bought some food for Tom, too.
I bought some food for lunch.
I bought some for everyone.
I bought some fresh bread on the way home.
I bought some fresh bread.
I bought some fresh eggs which had just come from the farm.
I bought some gifts for my kids at the airport before driving home.
I bought some good wine for our party tonight.
I bought some green peppers and tomatoes.
I bought some groceries.
I bought some hiking gear.
I bought some ice cream and ate it on the way home.
I bought some in a bolt depot.
I bought some magazines at the bookstore.
I bought some magazines to read on the plane.
I bought some mince from the butcher.
I bought some mooncake, do you want some?
I bought some more beer.
I bought some more magazines.
I bought some new books at the bookstore.
I bought some new books from the bookshop.
I bought some new camera equipment.
I bought some new furniture.
I bought some new glasses.
I bought some new throw pillows for the couch.
I bought some new wife-beaters at the mall today.
I bought some of this cheese.
I bought some paintings for my apartment.
I bought some peaches on the way home from work.
I bought some pizza.
I bought some postcards to send to my friends back in Australia.
I bought some postcards to send to my friends back in Boston.
I bought some postcards to send to my friends.
I bought some potatoes.
I bought some protein shakes in the gym.
I bought some rice.
I bought some rockets.
I bought some shampoo and toothpaste.
I bought some silverware.
I bought some stamps.
I bought some stuff in the supermarket.
I bought some stuff.
I bought some tennis balls.
I bought some to everyone.
I bought some turquoise jewelry.
I bought something for Mary.
I bought something for Tom to drink.
I bought something for Tom.
I bought something for dinner.
I bought something for you.
I bought something recently.
I bought something to eat at the supermarket.
I bought something.
I bought ten colored pencils for three euros.
I bought ten eggs.
I bought ten pencils, half of which were to be given to my brother.
I bought that book for 2000 yen.
I bought that book for Tom.
I bought that book for her.
I bought that book for him.
I bought that book for them.
I bought that book for you.
I bought that book.
I bought that car.
I bought that for Tom.
I bought that for us.
I bought that from a street vendor.
I bought that house on Park Street I told you about.
I bought that house on Park Street that I told you about.
I bought that last week.
I bought that last year.
I bought that off Tom.
I bought that off eBay.
I bought that pig yesterday.
I bought that record in this store.
I bought that scarf we looked at yesterday.
I bought that, but I never used it.
I bought that.
I bought the MP3 player.
I bought the TV from her.
I bought the admission tickets in advance.
I bought the autobiography of Malcolm X.
I bought the belt for him.
I bought the black bike instead of the red one.
I bought the book because of the fantastic illustration on the cover.
I bought the book for myself, not for my wife.
I bought the book for ten dollars.
I bought the book the movie is based on.
I bought the book which the children need.
I bought the book which was very cheap.
I bought the book yesterday.
I bought the book.
I bought the car at a 10% discount.
I bought the car.
I bought the cheaper one.
I bought the cheapest one.
I bought the cheapest pair of shoes in the store.
I bought the chocolate for Jim.
I bought the dream car of my childhood.
I bought the entrance tickets in advance.
I bought the girl a sweater.
I bought the highest-quality computer.
I bought the interesting book this morning.
I bought the lapis lazuli pendant.
I bought the last available seats.
I bought the last one.
I bought the last two tickets.
I bought the least expensive pair of shoes in the store.
I bought the mahogany table because it was the most elegant.
I bought the more expensive one.
I bought the new sledge for my son.
I bought the novel in paperback because it was cheaper than the hardcover.
I bought the novel on which the film is based.
I bought the novel the movie is based on.
I bought the one that Tom said I shouldn't buy.
I bought the pig yesterday.
I bought the really quick popcorn machine as a Christmas present.
I bought the same camera as you have.
I bought the same camera that Tom has.
I bought the same kind of things.
I bought the same shirt as yours.
I bought the same toaster that Tom bought.
I bought the sandwich at the gas station.
I bought the shoes, but they were too small for me.
I bought the very last one.
I bought the wrong brand.
I bought the wrong kind.
I bought the wrong size hat.
I bought the wrong size of skirt. I'm going to exchange it tomorrow.
I bought the wrong size.
I bought their eponymous album.
I bought them each a present.
I bought them for ten dollars a pop.
I bought them for you.
I bought them snacks.
I bought them.
I bought these below cost.
I bought these biographies only out of curiosity.
I bought these biscuits at the grocer's.
I bought these biscuits at the grocer’s.
I bought these books online.
I bought these books three days ago.
I bought these flowers for Mary, not for you.
I bought these flowers for you.
I bought these for Tom.
I bought these for them.
I bought these for us.
I bought these jeans at your store last week.
I bought these jeans last week at your store.
I bought these medications for my father.
I bought these medicines for my father.
I bought these shoes in Boston.
I bought these shoes last month.
I bought things I didn't need again.
I bought this Kabyle dress from Kabylie.
I bought this T-shirt on sale.
I bought this TV from Tom.
I bought this TV on the installment plan.
I bought this TV set at a bargain sale.
I bought this as a gift for Tom.
I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend.
I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend.
I bought this at a flea market for three dollars.
I bought this at a garage sale.
I bought this at a half-price sale.
I bought this at a nearby supermarket.
I bought this at a store near my house.
I bought this at a thrift shop.
I bought this at that shop down by the shore.
I bought this at the consignment shop.
I bought this at the store next to the house.
I bought this at the train station.
I bought this bag with my credit card.
I bought this ball-point for two dollars.
I bought this bicycle dirt-cheap.
I bought this bicycle for three hundred dollars.
I bought this bicycle four years ago.
I bought this bicycle from Tom.
I bought this bicycle from you, didn't I?
I bought this bicycle three years ago.
I bought this bike four years ago.
I bought this biro for 2 dollars.
I bought this book as a gift for Tom.
I bought this book at Kakuzen's.
I bought this book at Kakuzen’s.
I bought this book at Maruzen Bookstore.
I bought this book at a discount.
I bought this book at a store on Park Street.
I bought this book at that bookstore.
I bought this book at the book store by the train station.
I bought this book at the book store in front of the station.
I bought this book at the bookshop in front of the station.
I bought this book at the bookstore in front of the station.
I bought this book at the bookstore near the bus stop.
I bought this book at the bookstore near the station.
I bought this book at the university bookstore.
I bought this book for 300 yen.
I bought this book for Tom.
I bought this book for less.
I bought this book for myself, not for my wife.
I bought this book for myself.
I bought this book from the book shop in front of the station.
I bought this book from the bookshop near the bus stop.
I bought this book from the bookshop near the railway station.
I bought this book from the bookshop near the station.
I bought this book in Australia last month.
I bought this book in Boston last month.
I bought this book in Boston.
I bought this book in Rome.
I bought this book in the bookshop opposite the station.
I bought this book in the shop opposite the station.
I bought this book online.
I bought this book the other day.
I bought this book three days ago.
I bought this book when I was in Boston.
I bought this book yesterday and finished reading it last night.
I bought this book yesterday.
I bought this book.
I bought this briefcase with my credit card.
I bought this camera for $300.
I bought this camera for 25,000 yen.
I bought this camera for 35,000 yen.
I bought this camera for three hundred dollars.
I bought this camera yesterday.
I bought this car at a bargain.
I bought this car for me.
I bought this car from Tom for only $300.
I bought this car from Tom just last week.
I bought this car from Tom.
I bought this car in Boston.
I bought this car three years ago.
I bought this car used three years ago.
I bought this car with cash.
I bought this chair at a yard sale.
I bought this clock at the antique store.
I bought this coat at a low price.
I bought this coat in Boston.
I bought this computer one year ago and it's already a dinosaur.
I bought this computer one year ago and it’s already a dinosaur.
I bought this coral ring at the Flea Market.
I bought this dictionary, too.
I bought this dog from a pet shop.
I bought this dress at a low price.
I bought this dress in Boston.
I bought this for Tom, not for you.
I bought this for Tom.
I bought this for her.
I bought this for him.
I bought this for my boyfriend.
I bought this for my brother.
I bought this for my father.
I bought this for my friend.
I bought this for my girlfriend.
I bought this for my mother.
I bought this for my sister.
I bought this for myself.
I bought this for next to nothing.
I bought this for the party.
I bought this for them.
I bought this for thirty dollars.
I bought this for us.
I bought this for you when I was in Australia.
I bought this for you while I was in Australia.
I bought this for you while I was in Boston.
I bought this for you.
I bought this from Tom.
I bought this from the supermarket.
I bought this guitar at a pawn shop.
I bought this guitar for just thirty dollars.
I bought this hat at a store on Park Street.
I bought this hat for 2000 yen.
I bought this hat in Australia.
I bought this hat in Boston.
I bought this hat when I was in Australia.
I bought this hat when I was in Boston.
I bought this house as an investment.
I bought this house three months ago.
I bought this house three years ago.
I bought this in Australia last month.
I bought this in Australia three weeks ago.
I bought this in Australia.
I bought this in Boston last month.
I bought this in Boston three weeks ago.
I bought this in Boston.
I bought this in Spain.
I bought this jacket for $30.
I bought this jacket for thirty dollars.
I bought this jacket in Australia.
I bought this lovely towel in Algeria.
I bought this medicine for my father.
I bought this old clock at an antique stall in the market.
I bought this on credit.
I bought this online.
I bought this outright.
I bought this painting at an auction.
I bought this pair of shoes for thirty dollars.
I bought this pair of shoes for three hundred dollars.
I bought this pair of shoes, but they are a bit too small.
I bought this pen at the stationer's around the corner.
I bought this pen at the stationer’s around the corner.
I bought this pen in Paris.
I bought this phone because I was drawn to its user friendliness.
I bought this phone in Algeria.
I bought this piece of property, hoping to build a house on it.
I bought this printer yesterday.
I bought this purse with a credit card.
I bought this purse with my credit card.
I bought this racket at a 20 percent discount.
I bought this racket two months ago.
I bought this ring at a certain place.
I bought this shirt at that store over there.
I bought this shirt yesterday.
I bought this souvenir at a museum shop at the arts center on 1 Heydar Aliyev Avenue in Baku, Azerbaijan.
I bought this suit just for this occasion.
I bought this sweater in a sale.
I bought this sweater yesterday.
I bought this three weeks ago in Boston.
I bought this three years ago.
I bought this towel rack from a hardware store.
I bought this umbrella for $30.
I bought this umbrella for thirty dollars.
I bought this umbrella in Boston.
I bought this umbrella three weeks ago.
I bought this umbrella three years ago.
I bought this vehicle.
I bought this watch at a small shop in Boston.
I bought this watch at an antique shop.
I bought this watch at an antique store.
I bought this watch at the antique store.
I bought this watch at the store.
I bought this watch from the antiquarian.
I bought this watch in Boston.
I bought this watch in a store.
I bought this when I visited the US.
I bought this when I was in Australia.
I bought this when I was in Boston.
I bought this when I was in the United States.
I bought this word processor at a reasonable price.
I bought this yesterday.
I bought those sun glasses in the Netherlands.
I bought those.
I bought three apples and two bunches of grapes for dessert at the market.
I bought three apples, some eggs and some yoghurt.
I bought three apples, some eggs and some yogurt.
I bought three books.
I bought three bottles of wine.
I bought three bottles.
I bought three boxes of envelopes.
I bought three bushels of corn.
I bought three cans of corn.
I bought three different kinds of flowers.
I bought three different kinds of ice cream.
I bought three different kinds.
I bought three garlands for the price of two.
I bought three green cars. One for my brother, one for my sister and one for me.
I bought three kilograms of apples.
I bought three large couches.
I bought three notebooks.
I bought three oranges.
I bought three pairs of shoes the day before yesterday.
I bought three pairs of shoes.
I bought three pencils.
I bought three pieces of furniture.
I bought three postcards.
I bought three pounds of coffee.
I bought three spools of black thread and one spool of white.
I bought three tickets.
I bought three toys for all the children.
I bought three toys for each child.
I bought tickets from a scalper.
I bought tobacco and I smoked it.
I bought too much cheese.
I bought twelve postcards.
I bought two bags of popcorn.
I bought two bottles of milk.
I bought two boxes of matches.
I bought two containers of milk. We're going to make a cake.
I bought two cotton shirts.
I bought two cutting boards.
I bought two dozen pencils.
I bought two kilos of rice like you did.
I bought two kilos of rice. How much did you buy?
I bought two kinds of beer.
I bought two loaves of bread on my way home from school.
I bought two loaves of bread.
I bought two more just like that one.
I bought two new shuttlecocks from the sporting goods store.
I bought two packets of pistachios.
I bought two pairs of pants.
I bought two pairs of trousers.
I bought two pints of black raspberries from the Amish farmer.
I bought two tickets for a concert.
I bought two tickets for the concert.
I bought two tickets to Malmo.
I bought two types of beer.
I bought two video tapes for the new VCR.
I bought unsweetened cranberry juice.
I bought various pieces of cloth.
I bought various types of clothes.
I bought vegetables and some fruit.
I bought vegetables, beef and butter.
I bought weight discs.
I bought what I needed to buy.
I bought what I needed.
I bought what I wanted to buy.
I bought what I wanted.
I bought what Tom asked me to buy.
I bought what Tom told me to buy.
I bought what you asked me to buy.
I bought what you needed.
I bought what you wanted.
I bought you a Christmas present.
I bought you a baseball cap.
I bought you a beer.
I bought you a bicycle.
I bought you a calentita sandwich.
I bought you a car.
I bought you a gift.
I bought you a kite.
I bought you a little something.
I bought you a motorcycle.
I bought you a new suit.
I bought you a pair of shiny shoes.
I bought you a present.
I bought you a souvenir, but I ate it.
I bought you a tablet.
I bought you all these.
I bought you bicycles.
I bought you some Belgian chocolates.
I bought you some Christmas lights for your tree.
I bought you some Japanese chocolates.
I bought you some apples.
I bought you some candy.
I bought you some flowers.
I bought you something to drink.
I bought you something to eat.
I bought you something, too.
I bought you something.
I bounced on the bed, feeling like a kid again.
I bounced the ball.
I bow to the boss in greeting, and he returns my bow with a nod.
I bow to your superior judgement.
I bowed down.
I bowed my head.
I bowed politely.
I bowed.
I box.
I braced myself against the crowd.
I braced myself for her reaction.
I braced myself for his reaction.
I braced myself.
I brainwashed Silya.
I braked hard.
I braked sharply.
I braked suddenly.
I braked.
I break large, time-consuming tasks into chunks.
I break nothing.
I break the back of the work.
I break the grains into pieces.
I break the law.
I breakfasted.
I breastfed my baby.
I breastfed.
I breathe.
I breathed a sigh of relief when I found out I wasn't pregnant.
I breathed a sigh of relief.
I breathed a song into the air, It fell to earth, I knew not where; For who has sight so keen and strong That it can follow the flight of song?
I breathed deeply.
I breathed in his scent.
I breathed the smell of the flowers in the garden.
I breathed.
I breed betta fish and cull my unwanted stock by feeding them to my oscar.
I breed cattle.
I breed sheep.
I brew coffee at home.
I brewed your favorite tea today.
I bribe police officers not with money, but with logic.
I bribed Tom.
I bribed him.
I bribed the guards.
I bribed the policeman.
I bribed them.
I briefed my boss on the new project.
I brighten the days of people I meet.
I brighten the lives around me.
I brighten the path for many.
I bring attention to significant topics.
I bring bread to the market.
I bring candy for the children.
I bring cookies to the girls and the boys.
I bring him up whenever the occasion arises.
I bring hope to everyone.
I bring illumination to the world.
I bring joy to those around me.
I bring my children to the park almost every day.
I bring my phone with me everywhere.
I bring you a special couscous made by my wife.
I bring you a special couscous prepared by my wife.
I bring you good news.
I bring you something new, my friends.
I broached a subject that I never wanted to talk about.
I broke Tom's coffee cup.
I broke Tom's glasses.
I broke Tom's jaw.
I broke Tom's mug.
I broke Tom's nose.
I broke a bone in my foot while exercising.
I broke a cup yesterday.
I broke a fork.
I broke a glass - try not to step on the shards before I clean them up.
I broke a glass when I did the dishes.
I broke a glass while I was cooking.
I broke a glass.
I broke a knuckle on his tooth.
I broke a nail.
I broke a rib falling.
I broke a small piece of cheddar cheese and dipped it in sour cream.
I broke a string on my guitar.
I broke a sweat running on the treadmill.
I broke a vase today.
I broke an ashtray.
I broke both my legs riding a bicycle.
I broke both of my arms.
I broke both of my legs.
I broke down and cried.
I broke down the door because I lost the key.
I broke every possible rule.
I broke her heart and made her cry.
I broke her heart.
I broke her nose!
I broke his heart, but I love him.
I broke his heart.
I broke his nose!
I broke into my own house because I'd lost my key.
I broke into someone's house.
I broke into the storage buildings of a renaissance fair and stole a shawm. I was unable to play it and the bacteria on it made me vomit.
I broke it.
I broke my anklebone playing soccer.
I broke my arm on Monday.
I broke my arm trying to do that.
I broke my arm when I was a child.
I broke my arm.
I broke my back.
I broke my big toe.
I broke my collarbone.
I broke my fast.
I broke my finger.
I broke my fingernail.
I broke my foot.
I broke my fork.
I broke my gas-powered rice cooker so I got an induction rice cooker instead.
I broke my glasses, so I couldn't see the blackboard.
I broke my glasses.
I broke my hand!
I broke my hand.
I broke my headphones.
I broke my leg and am on crutches.
I broke my leg and am walking on crutches.
I broke my leg in a traffic accident.
I broke my leg in two places during a skiing mishap.
I broke my leg skiing.
I broke my leg when I was a kid.
I broke my leg while skiing.
I broke my leg, so I won't be playing basketball for a few months.
I broke my leg, so I won't be playing football for the next couple of months.
I broke my leg.
I broke my metatarsus with that kick.
I broke my mother's heart when I left the country.
I broke my nail.
I broke my nose when I was little.
I broke my nose.
I broke my phone.
I broke my pipes because, although they brought my herds to me, they could not allure Amaryllis: for there is no remedy for the passion, no beverage, no charm, no song, no words that can ease the lover; nothing is of any avail save kisses and the closest embraces.
I broke my right leg.
I broke my shin.
I broke my thumbnail.
I broke my toe.
I broke my wrist twice.
I broke my wrist when I fell on it.
I broke off my engagement.
I broke off the engagement.
I broke one of my drumsticks last night.
I broke one of your mugs.
I broke one.
I broke open the door because I had lost the key.
I broke out into a cold sweat.
I broke that one.
I broke that.
I broke the Internet.
I broke the ashtray.
I broke the carafe that goes to the coffee maker.
I broke the clutch pedal.
I broke the clutch.
I broke the cup.
I broke the fly on another pair of pants.
I broke the glass.
I broke the key in the lock.
I broke the ladder and fractured my ankle.
I broke the law.
I broke the lock opening the door.
I broke the marriage vows that I had sworn to Don Jose, my husband.
I broke the module down into subgroups for processing the XML markup.
I broke the one I've been using till now this morning while playing with a ball in the room.
I broke the one I’ve been using till now this morning while playing with a ball in the room.
I broke the personal computer.
I broke the rules.
I broke the silence.
I broke the stove.
I broke the vase on purpose.
I broke the wedding vows that I had sworn to Don Jose, my husband.
I broke the window.
I broke the world record.
I broke them.
I broke three dishes.
I broke three eggs.
I broke three ribs.
I broke up with Tom's sister.
I broke up with Tom.
I broke up with her last night.
I broke up with her yesterday evening.
I broke up with her.
I broke up with him.
I broke up with my girlfriend three months ago.
I broke up with my girlfriend.
I broke your ashtray.
I broke your computer.
I broke your dish.
I brought Rima to the village.
I brought Skura along.
I brought Skura here.
I brought Tom here on Monday.
I brought Tom here.
I brought Tom home.
I brought Tom some cookies.
I brought Tom some fruit.
I brought Tom some gifts.
I brought Tom some wood.
I brought Tom something to eat.
I brought Tom to my house.
I brought Tom with me.
I brought a blanket.
I brought a book.
I brought a bottle of brandy.
I brought a bottle of wine.
I brought a child into the world with her.
I brought a couple of bottles of wine.
I brought a daughter into this world to raise and love her.
I brought a flashlight.
I brought a friend.
I brought a jacket because it was quite cool this morning.
I brought a pair of scissors.
I brought a picture of Tom.
I brought a picture of her.
I brought a picture of him.
I brought a picture of them.
I brought a picture of you.
I brought a pie.
I brought a pizza.
I brought a powerbank so we should be fine.
I brought a present for you.
I brought a salad.
I brought a sandwich for lunch.
I brought a small notebook where I am going to write my observations.
I brought a suit against the doctor.
I brought a tent.
I brought an extra jacket.
I brought an extra towel.
I brought an extra towel; you can have it.
I brought apple from the tree.
I brought back incredible footage from Morocco.
I brought bananas.
I brought bear spray.
I brought chips and dip.
I brought cookies.
I brought dinner.
I brought enough food for everybody.
I brought everyone gifts.
I brought five bottles of wine and three cases of beer.
I brought flowers.
I brought her book.
I brought her chocolate.
I brought her into town this morning.
I brought her some tea.
I brought her some water.
I brought him to keep me company.
I brought his book.
I brought it back to the inn.
I brought it for Tom.
I brought it for you.
I brought light to my face.
I brought many books, so I would not get bored during the trip.
I brought mine.
I brought mine. Did you bring yours?
I brought my alarm clock.
I brought my bathing suit.
I brought my book with me.
I brought my book.
I brought my camera, of course.
I brought my computer.
I brought my dad to live with me in Algeria.
I brought my family with me.
I brought my flute.
I brought my guitar.
I brought my gun with me.
I brought my hand up to my mouth.
I brought my kids up well.
I brought my own shopping bag.
I brought my own.
I brought my son with me.
I brought my swimsuit.
I brought my tools with me today.
I brought my tools.
I brought my trumpet.
I brought my ukulele.
I brought my umbrella along, because I was scared it would rain.
I brought one back.
I brought one in.
I brought one just in case.
I brought one out.
I brought one.
I brought presents from Redang Island.
I brought radiance to my visage.
I brought reinforcements.
I brought sausages from Germany.
I brought some beer.
I brought some candy for you.
I brought some dessert.
I brought some food.
I brought some friends with me.
I brought some honey.
I brought some of my books to read.
I brought some pizza.
I brought some puzzles.
I brought some puzzles. Would you like to do them together?
I brought some samples of my work.
I brought some sandals.
I brought some tea.
I brought some water.
I brought some wine.
I brought someone here to meet you.
I brought someone to see you.
I brought something for you.
I brought something that I want to give you.
I brought something to eat.
I brought souvenirs for everybody.
I brought that back from Australia.
I brought that for you! I hope you like it!
I brought that matter up at the meeting.
I brought that.
I brought the Georgian textbook back to Emily.
I brought the bear spray.
I brought the blueprints.
I brought the book.
I brought the brandy.
I brought the documents to my boss.
I brought the medicine for Tom.
I brought the money.
I brought the point home to the student.
I brought these flowers for you.
I brought these reports for you to examine.
I brought this for you.
I brought this from the village.
I brought this topic up with Tom.
I brought this with me from Australia.
I brought this with me.
I brought three bottles of wine.
I brought three jars of honey.
I brought up two children alone.
I brought up two kids all on my own.
I brought what Tom asked me to bring.
I brought what she asked me to get.
I brought wine.
I brought you a Kabyle dress from Algeria.
I brought you a Kabyle dress.
I brought you a brandy.
I brought you a gift.
I brought you a glass of water.
I brought you a housewarming present.
I brought you a little gift.
I brought you a little housewarming gift.
I brought you a little present.
I brought you a little something.
I brought you a little souvenir from Antwerp.
I brought you a new pitcher.
I brought you a peace offering.
I brought you a present.
I brought you a sandwich.
I brought you another blanket.
I brought you breakfast in bed.
I brought you coffee.
I brought you flowers.
I brought you food.
I brought you here for a reason.
I brought you here so we could talk.
I brought you hot chocolate.
I brought you lunch.
I brought you red roses.
I brought you rice from China.
I brought you some Belgian chocolates.
I brought you some apples.
I brought you some aspirin.
I brought you some berries.
I brought you some brandy.
I brought you some candy.
I brought you some coffee
I brought you some coffee.
I brought you some cookies.
I brought you some dates.
I brought you some fish.
I brought you some flowers.
I brought you some food.
I brought you some fruit.
I brought you some grapes.
I brought you some hot soup.
I brought you some ice cream.
I brought you some ice.
I brought you some lunch.
I brought you some more books to read.
I brought you some pears.
I brought you some souvenirs from Algeria.
I brought you some strawberries.
I brought you some sunscreen.
I brought you some tea.
I brought you some things.
I brought you some water.
I brought you something to drink.
I brought you something to eat.
I brought you something.
I brought you the wrong screwdriver.
I brought you these delicious honeyed figs.
I brought you this.
I brought you up under my personal care.
I brought you water.
I brought you your favorite food.
I brought you your medicine.
I brought your suit.
I browsed the Internet and found that.
I brush her teeth.
I brush my hair 100 strokes every night.
I brush my teeth after breakfast.
I brush my teeth after eating.
I brush my teeth at least three times a day.
I brush my teeth at least twice a day.
I brush my teeth before going to bed.
I brush my teeth clean after meals.
I brush my teeth every day.
I brush my teeth every morning.
I brush my teeth three times a day.
I brush my teeth twice a day.
I brush my teeth two or three times a day.
I brush my teeth with a toothbrush.
I brush my teeth.
I brush my teeth; I comb my hair.
I brushed by him while running.
I brushed her hair.
I brushed my dog's shaggy coat.
I brushed my hair.
I brushed my teeth.
I brutally murdered Mina.
I build a big building.
I build houses out of stone.
I build robots.
I build snowmen and snow huts.
I built a bookcase for Tom.
I built a campfire.
I built a fort out of scavenged wood.
I built a house for my son.
I built a house in my dream.
I built a house in the woods.
I built a house out of wood.
I built a house with a mountain view.
I built a house with a view of the mountain.
I built a house with stone.
I built a house within a stone's throw of the forest.
I built a house within a stone’s throw of the forest.
I built a new house in view of the mountain.
I built a new house.
I built a new robot.
I built a shed behind my house.
I built a shed.
I built a shelter in the woods.
I built a shelter.
I built a tree house for my children.
I built a treehouse for Tom.
I built a treehouse with Tom.
I built a treehouse.
I built an amplifier yesterday.
I built it myself from a model kit!
I built it myself.
I built it.
I built my son a house.
I built my son a new house.
I built myself a shelter.
I built one of the greatest economies in the history of the world and I'm going to build it again.
I built one.
I built ten thousand walls, for you to knock them all down.
I built the kit taking care not to make mistakes in the wiring.
I built them.
I built this company.
I built this dog house all by myself.
I built this doghouse by myself.
I built this for you.
I built this gate and its doors at my own expense.
I built this house and you destroyed it.
I built this house with my own hands.
I built this house, and you destroyed it.
I built this house; you destroyed it.
I built this kennel myself.
I built this place from the ground up.
I built this.
I built up an appetite while watching him make dinner.
I built up an imaginary figure that I moulded to my liking.
I built up my hopes like a fool.
I built up some debts at the rice seller and at the greengrocer.
I built you a house.
I bumbled through my presentation and forgot my main points.
I bump into Tom from time to time.
I bump into her.
I bumped into Fred in the street.
I bumped into Mary and knocked her down.
I bumped into Miru at the school gates, just as she was arriving from the girls' dormitory.
I bumped into Miru at the school gates, just as she was arriving from the girls’ dormitory.
I bumped into Tom and knocked him down.
I bumped into Tom in Boston.
I bumped into Tom in the supermarket yesterday.
I bumped into Tom on the street.
I bumped into Tom the other night.
I bumped into Tom today.
I bumped into Tom.
I bumped into an old friend at the airport.
I bumped into an old friend at the station.
I bumped into an old friend for the first time in ten years on the Shinkansen the other day.
I bumped into an old friend on my way here.
I bumped into an old friend on my way home.
I bumped into an old friend on the bus.
I bumped into her at the library.
I bumped into her.
I bumped into him at the library.
I bumped into him at the station.
I bumped into him in London.
I bumped into him in town.
I bumped into him yesterday.
I bumped into him.
I bumped into my neighbour.
I bumped into one of my former students in London.
I bumped into the table and hurt my toe.
I bumped into the window.
I bumped into them.
I bumped into your dad yesterday.
I bumped into your father yesterday.
I bumped my head against the door and got a lump.
I bumped my head.
I bumped my knee.
I buried her.
I buried him.
I buried it.
I buried my dog at the pet cemetery.
I buried one.
I burn both wood and coal in my stove.
I burned all my credit cards.
I burned all my old books.
I burned all the letters that Tom sent me.
I burned all the letters that you wrote me.
I burned all the letters that you wrote to me.
I burned down a house before.
I burned everything.
I burned it.
I burned my arm on the grill.
I burned my finger when I changed the light bulb.
I burned my finger when I went to change the light bulb.
I burned my finger.
I burned my fingers on a hot iron.
I burned my fingers.
I burned my fingertip.
I burned my forefinger on fire tongs.
I burned my hand while cooking.
I burned my hand with an iron.
I burned my hand with boiling water.
I burned my hand.
I burned my tongue on the hot soup.
I burned my tongue.
I burned myself badly.
I burned myself on the stove.
I burned myself with boiling water.
I burned myself with hot oil.
I burned myself with the blowtorch.
I burned myself with the iron.
I burned myself yesterday.
I burned myself.
I burned the bread.
I burned the cake.
I burned the cookies.
I burned the food.
I burned the letter.
I burned the letters.
I burned the newspaper.
I burned the old books.
I burned the pancakes.
I burned the paper.
I burned the roof of my mouth eating pizza.
I burned the roof of my mouth.
I burned the toast.
I burned the trash.
I burned them.
I burned.
I burnt down a house before.
I burnt everything.
I burnt my finger when some popcorn burst.
I burnt my fingers on the hob this morning.
I burnt my fingers while I was preparing popcorn.
I burnt my fingertip.
I burnt my hand while pouring hot water.
I burnt my tongue.
I burnt myself on the leg.
I burnt one.
I burnt the bread.
I burnt the roof of my mouth.
I burnt the sandwich.
I burnt the toast.
I burp a lot.
I burp after drinking Coke.
I burped and Tom burped, too.
I burped because I was full.
I burped loudly.
I burped.
I burst into a good laugh.
I burst into tears and then started laughing.
I burst into tears.
I burst into the living room, laughing.
I burst out laughing as soon as I saw him.
I burst out laughing in spite of myself.
I burst out laughing when I saw him.
I burst out laughing when I saw what Tom was doing.
I burst out laughing!
I burst out laughing.
I bury my face in the fluffy belly.
I but prefer to live in a different world, not in thine.
I buy a book every month.
I buy a lot of books in this bookshop.
I buy a lot of candy.
I buy a lot of erasers.
I buy a lot of magazines.
I buy a lot of stuff at that store.
I buy a new toothbrush every three months.
I buy a newspaper from the newsagent's every morning.
I buy a portable music player.
I buy a tape.
I buy a videotape.
I buy all my clothes online.
I buy almost all the food we eat here.
I buy and restore furniture.
I buy anything that catches my eyes.
I buy at least one new Christmas tree ornament every year.
I buy butter.
I buy canned cat food.
I buy canned goods in bulk.
I buy donuts every Sunday after church.
I buy eggs straight from the farm.
I buy exclusively organic dates.
I buy fish for John.
I buy flowers.
I buy furniture from IKEA.
I buy it for me, not for you.
I buy it for you, not for me.
I buy loads of stuff at that store.
I buy lots of stuff at that store.
I buy milk almost every day.
I buy my clothes from France.
I buy my fruits and vegetables at the greengrocer's.
I buy my silver from a man who has a mine on his property.
I buy newspapers every day.
I buy only organic products.
I buy silver from a man who owns a mine.
I buy stationery in bulk.
I buy sweets from a pastry chef.
I buy tapes.
I buy the goods at $3 a dozen.
I buy the texts, but first I start writing the English sentences that come along without looking at them.
I buy things I know I'm not going to use.
I buy things I know that I'm not going to use.
I buy things that I know I am not going to use.
I buy things that I know I'm not going to use.
I buy things that I know that I am not going to use.
I buy things that I know that I'm not going to use.
I buy tires.
I buy two pretty flowers.
I buy tyres.
I buy what we need for the trip and the gifts for the children.
I buy you a present.
I buy, therefore I am.
I buzzed Tom in.
I calculate he will be late coming home.
I calculated everything in my head.
I calculated hastily.
I calculated my BMI and found out my height is 20 centimeters less than ideal!
I calculated that it would cost 300 dollars.
I calibrate my cooch come coitus.
I call Algeria home.
I call Algiers home.
I call Australia home.
I call Boston home.
I call Israel a racist country because, among other things, its leaders put the preservation of a Jewish majority ahead of the human rights of Arabs.
I call Kabylie the center of the universe.
I call Layla's mom Mom.
I call Marika almost every day.
I call Tom a lot.
I call Tom almost every day.
I call Tom almost every evening.
I call Tom on the walkie-talkie.
I call a fig a fig, a spade a spade.
I call architecture frozen music.
I call for a vote.
I call for the impeachment of the President of the United States of America.
I call her but she doesn't come.
I call her every day.
I call her every evening.
I call her pretty often.
I call her ten times a day, unable to concentrate on work.
I call her up every day.
I call her very often.
I call her.
I call him Mike.
I call him Tom.
I call him back.
I call him by name.
I call him sometimes.
I call him.
I call it my 'music burrito' theory. We've made our own tortilla with all the knowledge of all the great musicians out there. We put them inside the tortilla, make our own burrito and sell it to the world. Hopefully, they'll come back for seconds. We've been chasing this dream since we were little dudes.
I call it the super duper missile.
I call my knife "Tom."
I call my sweetheart darling.
I call myself Tom.
I call myself “Tom”.
I call on him every other day.
I call on him sometimes.
I call on the living, lament the dead, shatter the lightning.
I call out in a loud voice but there is no reply.
I call shotgun!
I call that some poem.
I call that stealing.
I call that stupidity.
I call the boy and he comes.
I call the computer "Tim".
I call the computer Tim.
I call the girl, and she comes.
I call the living, I mourn the dead, I chase the lightning.
I call the living, I mourn the dead, I repel lightning.
I call the shots.
