He loves what he does.
He loves whining.
He loves winter.
He loves writing articles for Wikipedia.
He loves writing entries for Wikipedia.
He loves writing poetry.
He loves you all.
He loves you as much as I do.
He loves you guys very much.
He loves you very much.
He loves you.
He loves you. I know he does.
He loves zoos.
He lovingly kissed her on the forehead.
He lowered himself into the chair.
He lowered himself into the water.
He lowered himself to my height.
He lowered his binoculars.
He lowered his eyes.
He lowered his gaze, concentrating on the floor so as not to laugh.
He lowered his gaze.
He lowered his head and began crying.
He lowered his head and muttered something to himself.
He lowered his voice and told her that he loved her.
He lowered his voice to a whisper.
He lowered his voice.
He lowered its price.
He lowered the curtain.
He lowered the flame.
He lowered the price for him.
He lured her away from her husband.
He lured her with trinkets.
He lured the creature into the room.
He lured the creature into the trap.
He lusted after money more than fame.
He made Islamophobic comments.
He made Miss Green his secretary.
He made Tom an offer he couldn't refuse.
He made Tom lose hope.
He made a DVD about Islam.
He made a PowerPoint presentation about Islam.
He made a Viking boat.
He made a YouTube channel just for Algiers.
He made a bad decision.
He made a banana sandwich.
He made a bargain with them about the furniture.
He made a basketball team.
He made a bet with her.
He made a bet.
He made a big hit in that business.
He made a big mistake.
He made a bird cage.
He made a birthday cake for her.
He made a bold attempt.
He made a bolt for it.
He made a box yesterday.
He made a bunch of money.
He made a cake.
He made a careless mistake, as is often the case with him.
He made a carreer.
He made a clean break with them.
He made a clean breast of his troubles to her.
He made a close analysis of the situation.
He made a compilation of my works.
He made a complete financial record on his computer, basing his calculations on countless receipts and bank records.
He made a complete fool of himself.
He made a copy.
He made a coward of himself.
He made a cranberry sauce to accompany duck.
He made a crash test dummy of himself.
He made a cup of tea for her.
He made a dash for the bus.
He made a deal.
He made a decision that would change his life.
He made a decision.
He made a delicious meal for her.
He made a desk and two benches for us.
He made a determination to be a doctor.
He made a discovery.
He made a donation.
He made a dress for her.
He made a duplicate of that key.
He made a face.
He made a false statement to the police.
He made a farcical attempt to save face during the fallout of his sex scandal.
He made a favorable impression on his bank manager.
He made a few changes to the book.
He made a few conventional remarks about the event.
He made a few grammatical mistakes.
He made a few mistakes on the test.
He made a few remarks on the book.
He made a few serious mistakes.
He made a figure in his school days.
He made a fine job of it.
He made a fire using only sticks of bamboo.
He made a firm resolution never to repeat it.
He made a fist.
He made a flirty comment to me.
He made a fool of himself in front of Skura's family.
He made a fool of himself in front of everyone.
He made a fool of himself in front of her.
He made a fool of himself.
He made a fool of his teacher.
He made a fool of me.
He made a fortune by writing a best selling novel.
He made a fortune in oil.
He made a fortune selling pictures of celebrities.
He made a fortune.
He made a frank admission.
He made a frantic attempt to finish painting the fence before dark.
He made a gesture of impatience.
He made a gesture to me to run away.
He made a gesture with his hand.
He made a good impression everywhere.
He made a good impression.
He made a good speech.
He made a grave mistake.
He made a great choice.
He made a great contribution to research into cancer.
He made a great deal of money selling milk.
He made a great fortune in his lifetime.
He made a great sauce for the dish.
He made a great song.
He made a hard run of the presidency.
He made a hat out of the newspaper.
He made a hit with my family.
He made a hole big enough to escape.
He made a hole big enough to put a cartload of pebbles inside.
He made a hole in the wall.
He made a hollow promise.
He made a horrible decision.
He made a house on the ice.
He made a huge mistake.
He made a joke about it.
He made a joke to lighten the mood.
He made a journey around the world.
He made a journey to Paris.
He made a kennel along with his son on Sunday.
He made a kennel with his son on Sunday.
He made a killing by investing in the stock market.
He made a killing by speculating on the stock market.
He made a killing in his new business.
He made a kite.
He made a knot in his handkerchief so he wouldn’t forget what he had to do.
He made a linguistic study of languages.
He made a list of places he wanted to visit.
He made a list of songs he liked.
He made a list of things he needed to buy.
He made a list of things he wanted to do before he died.
He made a list of what he needed.
He made a list of what he wanted.
He made a list.
He made a little mistake.
He made a little statue out of soft clay.
He made a long stay in London.
He made a lot of easy money.
He made a lot of efforts to become a famous actor.
He made a lot of money in New York and went back to the small town where he was born.
He made a lot of money in his new business.
He made a lot of money.
He made a lot of saves.
He made a lousy impression.
He made a lovely cake.
He made a medal of gold.
He made a mess at the apartment.
He made a mistake and drank poison.
He made a mistake in his speech.
He made a mistake on purpose.
He made a mistake through carelessness.
He made a mistake.
He made a mockery of my idea.
He made a model airplane for his son.
He made a motion that we stop and rest awhile.
He made a motion to be silent.
He made a move on her.
He made a necklace for her.
He made a new cradle for the baby.
He made a new life for himself so far from home.
He made a noise.
He made a pack for the clothes, bound together with rope.
He made a paper airplane.
He made a phone call.
He made a planetarium at home.
He made a point of reading ten pages every day.
He made a polite bow to his teacher.
He made a positive answer.
He made a premature decision on the matter.
He made a pretense of knowing my father.
He made a profit of ten thousand dollars on the sale.
He made a promise to come home early tonight.
He made a promise to her that he'd never leave her.
He made a promise to himself that he'd never make the same mistake again.
He made a promise to take me to the movies.
He made a promise, but didn't keep his word.
He made a promise.
He made a quick decision.
He made a quick response.
He made a reckless and dangerous choice.
He made a refreshing walk.
He made a request to return to his home country.
He made a reservation for three days at the hotel.
He made a reservation.
He made a resolution to write in his diary every day.
He made a resolve to stop smoking.
He made a robot.
He made a romantic advance towards me.
He made a rude reply.
He made a run for it.
He made a sand sculpture.
He made a sandwich for her.
He made a scene.
He made a serious effort to pass the exam.
He made a sharp turn to the left.
He made a sharp turn to the right.
He made a short film that vilified communism.
He made a show of helping the old man.
He made a sign to me to go out.
He made a sign to me to keep off the grass.
He made a slip of the tongue.
He made a small dog house.
He made a small doghouse.
He made a snowball and threw it at her.
He made a sour face, and listened to what his teacher had to say.
He made a special effort to solve the problem.
He made a speech at the wedding feast.
He made a speech highly appropriate to the occasion.
He made a speech in English at the meeting.
He made a speech in connection with world peace.
He made a speech in front of many people.
He made a speech in plain English.
He made a speech in support of my view.
He made a speech in support of the plan.
He made a speech in which he supported my opinion.
He made a speech in which he supported my opinions.
He made a speech in which he supported my point of view.
He made a speech on behalf of our company.
He made a speech out of turn.
He made a speech that supported my opinions.
He made a speech using his unique tone of voice.
He made a speech.
He made a speedy recovery.
He made a splendid off-the-cuff speech.
He made a spontaneous offer of help.
He made a stunning revelation.
He made a stupid face when I told him that.
He made a substantial contribution to economics.
He made a swift exit.
He made a terrible mistake.
He made a thorough analysis of the problem.
He made a tight bandage on her leg.
He made a ton of money.
He made a tough decision.
He made a tour of Europe.
He made a trip to the library.
He made a tweet.
He made a very good impression at the job interview.
He made a very good impression on me.
He made a very nice impression.
He made a very quick decision.
He made a very strong argument, to which I had no choice but to concur.
He made a very valuable discovery.
He made a video about Skura.
He made a vivid impression.
He made a voluntary contribution to the school.
He made a website about Kabylie.
He made a will last year.
He made a wise decision.
He made a wisecrack.
He made a wish.
He made advances to her.
He made all of the clothes himself.
He made all those toys from recycled stuff.
He made amends for his mistakes.
He made an abrupt departure.
He made an accurate report of the incident.
He made an admirable speech about protecting the environment.
He made an admission that he had lied.
He made an angry face.
He made an apology to us for being late.
He made an apology.
He made an attempt or two, but failed except to produce some unsatisfactory notes, excusing himself on the plea of nervousness and alarm at performing before so great a dignitary.
He made an effort not to think about her any more.
He made an effort to arrive on time.
He made an effort to get to the station early.
He made an effort to pass the examination.
He made an emergency stop on the road.
He made an endeavor to improve the situation.
He made an error, as he often does.
He made an exception.
He made an excuse just to suit the occasion.
He made an important decision.
He made an important discovery.
He made an important scientific discovery.
He made an instant decision.
He made an ironic grimace.
He made an oath before God that what he said was true.
He made an official visit to the French president the day before yesterday.
He made another right turn.
He made another suggestion to her.
He made another suggestion.
He made as if he were going.
He made as if to say something, but instead kept quiet.
He made as if to speak to me but said nothing.
He made bad decisions.
He made beautiful origami flowers.
He made believe he was a doctor.
He made believe not to be hurt.
He made believe not to hear his boss.
He made believe not to hear me.
He made believe not to know me.
He made believe that he did not hear me.
He made believe that he had not heard me.
He made believe that he was a millionaire.
He made big money.
He made bold to speak to the King.
He made bread.
He made breakfast for her.
He made breakfast.
He made brownies for her.
He made clothes.
He made coffee.
He made comments.
He made cookies.
He made copies of the brochure and gave them out.
He made desperate efforts to reach the shore.
He made dinner by himself.
He made dinner for her.
He made dinner himself.
He made dinner plans with her.
He made dinner.
He made do with a bed of grass.
He made dreadful threats, so that neither by night nor day did sleep cover me.
He made drinks from local fruits.
He made educational DVDs about Islam.
He made enough to buy a bicycle.
He made enough to buy a bike.
He made every effort to avoid yielding to the temptation to start drinking again.
He made every effort to get out of that habit.
He made every effort to pass the exam.
He made every effort, but to no avail.
He made eye contact with her.
He made five mistakes in as many lines.
He made for home.
He made for the door and tried to escape.
He made for the door to answer the knock.
He made for the door.
He made for the light he saw in the distance.
He made friends really quickly.
He made friends there.
He made friends with Mia.
He made friends with Tom.
He made friends with all kinds of people.
He made friends with her in America.
He made friends with her.
He made fun of her behind her back.
He made fun of her.
He made fun of me in public.
He made fun of me.
He made fun of my accent.
He made fun of our ignorance.
He made fun of the teacher.
He made fun of us.
He made fun of you.
He made funny faces at me.
He made good as an entertainer.
He made good friendships with Muslims.
He made good in business.
He made good investments.
He made good progress in handling this machine.
He made good use of his time.
He made good use of the money.
He made good use of the opportunity.
He made good what he had promised to do.
He made great contributions to Berber linguistics.
He made great efforts to stop the reform as best he could.
He made great efforts to succeed in life.
He made hajj in 2004.
He made heaps of money by ripping off naive suckers.
He made her a bookshelf.
He made her a new coat.
He made her breakfast.
He made her change her plans.
He made her clean her room.
He made her clean the room.
He made her cry.
He made her drink to lower her inhibitions.
He made her feel important.
He made her feel like he wanted her to leave.
He made her feel smart.
He made her go.
He made her happy.
He made her his secretary.
He made her his wife.
He made her laugh like no one else.
He made her laugh uncontrollably.
He made her laugh until her sides ached.
He made her laugh with ease.
He made her laugh with every word.
He made her laugh without trying.
He made her laugh.
He made her senior partner.
He made her wait.
He made him angry.
He made him cry.
He made him laugh.
He made himself a big breakfast.
He made himself a cup of tea.
He made himself a drink.
He made himself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
He made himself a peanut butter sandwich for lunch.
He made himself a peanut butter sandwich.
He made himself a sandwich.
He made himself as comfortable as possible.
He made himself at home.
He made himself breakfast.
He made himself comfortable in his grandfather's armchair.
He made himself comfortable on the couch.
He made himself get up.
He made himself heard across the room.
He made himself immortal with a number of outstanding books about education.
He made himself known to me.
He made himself like he did not see me.
He made himself out to be an expert in everything.
He made himself something to eat.
He made his bed.
He made his billions through a series of shrewd investments in the mining sector and was helped by South Africa’s post-apartheid business policies that encouraged black-owned business.
He made his children some cookies.
He made his choice.
He made his company lots of money.
He made his decision.
He made his fathers happy.
He made his final trip to Algeria in 2004.
He made his fortune as a Cohiba marketer.
He made his fortune dealing in illegal weapons.
He made his fortune from commerce.
He made his fortune in real estate.
He made his girlfriend go out for a drink with him.
He made his intentions clear.
He made his mark as a writer with his very first novel.
He made his mother cry.
He made his mother happy.
He made his mothers happy.
He made his own Halloween costume.
He made his own choice to convert to Islam.
He made his own personal decision to convert to Islam.
He made his own way.
He made his parents happy.
He made his position clear.
He made his position quite clear.
He made his servants eat in the dark.
He made his sister a nice pen tray.
He made his sister cry.
He made his son a chair.
He made his son a doctor.
He made his son a teacher.
He made his son a wealthy man.
He made his son attend the meeting in his place.
He made his suggestion very tactfully.
He made his timely escape from the stock market crash.
He made his way down to the gate.
He made his way through difficulties.
He made his way through the crowd.
He made his way through the jungle.
He made his way to presidency step by step.
He made his way to the minister.
He made his way to the river.
He made his way to the room.
He made his way to the village.
He made his wife happy.
He made his will last year.
He made history.
He made hundreds of thousands of dollars stealing cars.
He made hundreds of thousands of dollars stealing computers.
He made hundreds of thousands of dollars stealing exotic birds.
He made hundreds of thousands of dollars stealing expensive dogs.
He made hundreds of thousands of dollars stealing luxury cars.
He made inquiries but didn't locate it.
He made insensitive comments about my appearance.
He made it all the way to the final round.
He made it back to the base unharmed.
He made it clear that he didn't intend to help her.
He made it clear that he didn't like her.
He made it clear that he didn't like the food.
He made it clear that he didn't want anything to do with her.
He made it clear that he didn't want to see her.
He made it clear that he didn’t like the food.
He made it clear that he had no intention of becoming a professional football player.
He made it clear that he had nothing to do with the matter.
He made it clear that he intended to do so.
He made it clear that he was against the plan.
He made it clear that the idea was foolish.
He made it clear that the trip will cost 300 euros.
He made it clear who had said such a thing.
He made it for free.
He made it for his sister.
He made it green.
He made it himself.
He made it in real estate.
He made it known to his friends that he was not thinking of running in the elections.
He made it known to his friends that he was unwilling to run for the election.
He made it known to us that he didn't like food.
He made it known where the president had gone.
He made it look as easy as falling off a log.
He made it look easy.
He made it on his free time.
He made it on time.
He made it plain that he wanted her to do the work by herself.
He made it plain that he wanted to marry her.
He made it pretty clear he doesn't want to see you.
He made it through to the next round.
He made it to a clearing.
He made it to graduation.
He made it to the cabin.
He made it to the car.
He made it to the classes on time.
He made it to the classroom door.
He made it to the final round.
He made it to the party.
He made it to the second round.
He made it up entirely.
He made it up.
He made it very clear that he'd like to go out with you.
He made it worse.
He made it, but she didn't.
He made it.
He made law his life career.
He made lemonade.
He made little of his father's advice.
He made little of his father’s advice.
He made little of his illness.
He made little of my complaints.
He made little progress.
He made lots of videos about Algeria.
He made many changes.
He made many costly purchases.
He made many excuses for being late.
He made many grammatical mistakes in his composition.
He made many ham-fisted references to his favorite science fiction novels in hopes someone would recognize them.
He made many mistakes.
He made me a bird cage.
He made me a birdcage.
He made me a box yesterday.
He made me a cake.
He made me a new suit.
He made me a suit.
He made me an indecent proposal.
He made me an offer I couldn't refuse.
He made me angry.
He made me anxious yesterday.
He made me attend the party in his place.
He made me bend over the table.
He made me carry his baggage.
He made me carry his suitcase.
He made me change my mind.
He made me clean his room.
He made me cry.
He made me do it.
He made me eat it.
He made me feel constantly on edge.
He made me feel good.
He made me feel like such an idiot.
He made me forget what I wanted to say.
He made me go against my will.
He made me go there.
He made me go through hell and back.
He made me go through hell and high water.
He made me go through hell.
He made me go through the wringer.
He made me go.
He made me happy by buying me a coat.
He made me happy yesterday.
He made me happy.
He made me help her.
He made me help him.
He made me his assistant.
He made me his heir.
He made me his own assistant.
He made me laugh.
He made me look through his photo album.
He made me love jazz.
He made me mad.
He made me out to be a liar.
He made me promise not to say anything to her.
He made me promise not to tell.
He made me run.
He made me see what Life is, and what Death signifies, and why Love is stronger than both.
He made me shiver.
He made me sign the paper against my will.
He made me sing on the stage.
He made me sing.
He made me sit next to her.
He made me smile.
He made me so angry that I got a headache.
He made me swear not to say anything.
He made me swear not to tell her.
He made me wait for about half an hour.
He made me wait there a long time and finally didn't come.
He made me wait.
He made me write the letter with a pen.
He made mistake after mistake.
He made mistakes on purpose to annoy me.
He made mistakes.
He made money from that business.
He made money making videos.
He made money through gaming.
He made money.
He made more pizza.
He made motions at me with his hand.
He made much of his teacher's advice.
He made much of his teacher’s advice.
He made my life miserable.
He made my whole life miserable.
He made new friends in Algiers.
He made new friends.
He made no attempt to defend himself.
He made no attempt to hide the fact that he was in love with her.
He made no effort to accept his daughter's boyfriend.
He made no effort to accept his daughter’s boyfriend.
He made no effort to apologize.
He made no end of excuses.
He made no manifestation of his disappointment.
He made no mention of her request.
He made no move to help her.
He made no progress in his speaking ability.
He made no remark at first, but looked at her more than once—whether approvingly or not his stolid expression did not betray.
He made no reply whatsoever.
He made no reply, but approaching near me, he smiled sweetly in my face, and pelted me with myrtle-berries.
He made no reply.
He made no resistance.
He made no response.
He made noise.
He made notes of the teacher's lecture.
He made notes of the teacher’s lecture.
He made nothing of hardship.
He made nothing of her success.
He made nothing of the fact and failed.
He made nothing of working for a long time.
He made off with the cash.
He made off with the fowl.
He made one good point: your plan is stupid.
He made out really well in the clothing business.
He made over the estate to his children.
He made over the interior of his house.
He made pancakes for her.
He made pancakes.
He made partner.
He made peace with her.
He made plans.
He made promise after promise and then sought to get out of them.
He made promises he's already broken in order to win.
He made quite an impression on her.
He made rapid progress in Berber.
He made really cool friendships at that high school.
He made reference to my book.
He made reference to that book.
He made reference to the previous director.
He made remarkable progress in English.
He made reservations.
He made rice.
He made room for an old man in the train.
He made several corrections.
He made several serious mistakes.
He made shahada in a mosque.
He made six mistakes in as many lines.
He made so much noise.
He made so much progress.
He made some chicken soup for her.
He made some chocolate chip pancakes.
He made some cookies for dessert.
He made some fish tacos.
He made some hot soup.
He made some mistakes on the test.
He made some money on the side by purloining secrets from his employer and selling them to the competition.
He made some more money.
He made some new friends at the park.
He made some new friends.
He made some progress.
He made some spelling mistakes.
He made some suggestions.
He made some tea for her.
He made some toys for his grandson.
He made something to eat.
He made spaghetti.
He made speeches to many groups.
He made such a long speech that we all got bored.
He made superhuman efforts to maintain world peace.
He made supper himself.
He made sure he was hidden from view.
He made sure his message was loud.
He made sure no one could see him.
He made sure nobody could see her.
He made sure nobody could see him.
He made sure nobody talked to her.
He made sure that he was ready for the exam by studying every day.
He made sure that his son ate everything on his plate.
He made sure that we see his invitation.
He made sure the door was shut.
He made sure the images were horizontal.
He made sure the story was leaked to the media.
He made sure to watch out for the kids.
He made tea himself.
He made ten blunders in as many lines.
He made ten mistakes in as many lines.
He made ten mistakes in as many pages.
He made that himself.
He made that up.
He made the actress his wife.
He made the beds.
He made the best of his small income.
He made the best of the opportunity.
He made the best of the time left.
He made the best use of the time left.
He made the brownies at home.
He made the burgers.
He made the children laugh.
He made the children some pancakes.
He made the coffee too strong.
He made the company proud.
He made the company what it is today.
He made the computer stand a ladder.
He made the country better.
He made the decision by himself.
He made the decision to become a knight-errant.
He made the decision to end his life because he was depressed.
He made the decision to flee Algeria last year.
He made the decision to go to Algeria last year.
He made the decision to leave the village.
He made the decision to move to Algeria four years ago.
He made the decision to truly listen, and through that attentive listening, he discovered nuances he had never perceived before.
He made the decision.
He made the excuse that his watch was wrong.
He made the final decision on all such matters.
He made the first move.
He made the jump.
He made the kids something to eat.
He made the list of the ten most successful men in history.
He made the most of his chance to learn.
He made the most of his free time.
He made the most of his opportunities.
He made the most of his opportunity.
He made the most of the chance.
He made the plan along with his colleagues.
He made the right choice.
He made the salad.
He made the same mistake twice.
He made the sign of the cross over his young daughter.
He made the situation worse.
He made the soup by mixing a little meat with some rice.
He made the spectators sad.
He made the trip independent of his company.
He made the ultimate decision.
He made them an instant coffee.
He made them flee.
He made them tumble down.
He made things really complicated.
He made this bookcase by himself.
He made this cake with a special customer in mind.
He made this for her.
He made three mistakes in as many lines.
He made to settle down in the suburbs of London.
He made twenty thousand liras last month.
He made two mistakes in the English test.
He made up a bundle of firewood.
He made up a fake family.
He made up a pretext for a fight with me.
He made up a story about the dog.
He made up a story about the king.
He made up an excuse.
He made up for lost time by running fast.
He made up for the deficit.
He made up for the sins of his brother.
He made up his mind not to do that.
He made up his mind not to return to his native country.
He made up his mind quickly.
He made up his mind right away.
He made up his mind straight away.
He made up his mind to be a doctor and go to a doctorless village.
He made up his mind to be a doctor.
He made up his mind to be a fireman.
He made up his mind to be a helicopter pilot.
He made up his mind to be a pilot.
He made up his mind to be a teacher.
He made up his mind to become a newspaperman.
He made up his mind to become a pilot.
He made up his mind to buy the car.
He made up his mind to do that.
He made up his mind to go there alone.
He made up his mind to go there.
He made up his mind to go to law school.
He made up his mind to go.
He made up his mind to jog in spite of his blindness.
He made up his mind to keep a diary every day.
He made up his mind to keep his plan secret.
He made up his mind to leave early.
He made up his mind to marry Kathy.
He made up his mind to marry her.
He made up his mind to study abroad.
He made up his mind to study medicine at university.
He made up his mind to try again.
He made up his mind to write in his diary every day.
He made up his mind weeks ago.
He made up his mind.
He made up that story.
He made up the deficit with a loan.
He made up the history.
He made up the story.
He made up the whole story.
He made us believe that he was a good man.
He made us confused.
He made us do the work.
He made us feel sick.
He made us laugh.
He made us lose our way.
He made us sing.
He made us wait a long time.
He made us wait.
He made us work till late at night.
He made use of every opportunity to become famous.
He made use of every opportunity to practise English.
He made use of the opportunity to improve his English.
He made various mistakes.
He made way for the lorry to pass.
He made way to allow the lorry to pass.
He made wudu at home.
He made wudu.
He made you confused.
He made you cry, didn't he?
He made you laugh, didn't he?
He made you lose your way.
He magnified the image on his phone.
He mailed a letter home.
He mailed some letters home.
He mainly makes digital art.
He maintained a steady speed on the highway.
He maintained eye contact with her.
He maintained that all occupations should be open to women.
He maintained that he was innocent.
He maintained that his theory was true of this case.
He maintained to the last that he was innocent.
He maintains his car well.
He maintains hope.
He maintains that it's true.
He majored in Islamic sciences.
He majored in Japanese literature at the university.
He majored in business.
He majored in drama at college.
He majored in literature at the university.
He majored in modern French literature.
He majored in political science.
He majored in psychology.
He majors in English literature.
He majors in French literature.
He majors in modern literature.
He majors in social anthropology.
He makes 300 liras a day working at a resort hotel.
He makes DVDs about Islam.
He makes a bad impression.
He makes a deep impression on those he meets.
He makes a face like this.
He makes a face.
He makes a fool of adults.
He makes a good living.
He makes a good volleyball player because he can jump high and spike the ball.
He makes a habit of waking up early.
He makes a hearty soup.
He makes a joke out of everything.
He makes a lasting impression on those who cross his path.
He makes a lasting impression on those who meet him.
He makes a little extra money that way.
He makes a living as a salesman.
He makes a living as a traveling salesman.
He makes a living as a writer.
He makes a living by teaching.
He makes a living by working for a government office.
He makes a lot more money than I do.
He makes a lot of money including the hazardous duty pay, but the work is very dangerous.
He makes a lot of money.
He makes a mountain out of a molehill.
He makes a point of attending class meetings.
He makes a point of doing ten push-ups before going to bed.
He makes a point of never speaking ill of others.
He makes a point of reading newspapers after dinner.
He makes a point of studying before supper.
He makes a point of taking the eight o'clock bus.
He makes a point of taking the eight o’clock bus.
He makes a point of writing to his parents once every two months.
He makes a religion of never wasting a penny.
He makes a rule of attending such meetings.
He makes a run for it whenever I start cooking.
He makes a wooden piece of furniture.
He makes about a dollar an hour.
He makes absurd threats.
He makes all his own clothes.
He makes an unfavorable impression.
He makes beautiful furniture out of wood.
He makes believe he is rich.
He makes believe that he is a practical statesman, but in really he is a cunning politician.
He makes breakfast and drinks some coffee.
He makes breakfast in bed for her.
He makes cakes.
He makes careless mistakes, and does so frequently.
He makes daily Berber classes.
He makes dreams come true.
He makes efforts to learn more.
He makes enough money to live a luxurious life.
He makes enough to pay his bills.
He makes every life situation seem so much more exciting.
He makes every life situation seem so much more lively.
He makes everybody feel at ease.
He makes everyone's lives feel so much more exciting.
He makes everything worth it!
He makes five per cent on what he sells.
He makes frequent visits to Japan on business.
He makes friends with everybody he meets.
He makes fun of everybody.
He makes fun of people.
He makes funny noises with his mouth.
He makes good in everything he does.
He makes good investments.
He makes good use of his abilities.
He makes good use of his talents.
He makes good use of his time.
He makes good use of the pheasants he hunts. He has a purpose for every part of the bird.
He makes great income.
He makes her feel loved and appreciated.
He makes her feel safe and secure.
He makes her feel secure.
He makes her feel special and valued.
He makes her feel special.
He makes her laugh more than I.
He makes her laugh uncontrollably.
He makes her laugh.
He makes himself accessible to all who seek his counsel.
He makes himself agreeable to everybody.
He makes his living by singing.
He makes his living from the sea.
He makes his own bed every morning.
He makes his own bread.
He makes his own choices.
He makes his own clothes.
He makes his own decisions.
He makes his spaghetti spicy.
He makes honey.
He makes it a habit to keep good hours.
He makes it a habit to wake up early.
He makes it a point to remember each one of our birthdays.
He makes it a point to speak clearly and graphically. He always talks turkey about any problem.
He makes it a rule never to speak badly of others.
He makes it a rule never to speak ill of others.
He makes it a rule not to eat after 8:00 p.m.
He makes it a rule not to eat too much.
He makes it a rule to drink a glass of water before breakfast.
He makes it a rule to get up at six every day.
He makes it a rule to get up at six every morning.
He makes it a rule to go over the financial section every time he reads the paper.
He makes it a rule to go to bed at eleven o'clock.
He makes it a rule to go to bed at eleven o’clock.
He makes it a rule to keep a diary every day.
He makes it a rule to meditate every morning.
He makes it a rule to read aloud every day.
He makes it a rule to sit up late at night.
He makes it a rule to take a walk every morning.
He makes it a rule to wear glasses when he reads a newspaper.
He makes it a rule to work in the garden for two hours every day.
He makes it a rule to write in his diary every day.
He makes judgements based on incomplete knowledge.
He makes life miserable for everyone around him.
He makes life situations sound so much more lively.
He makes little of our efforts.
He makes me feel alive and complete.
He makes me feel appreciated and loved.
He makes me feel as if I'm the most important person in the world.
He makes me feel safe.
He makes me feel special.
He makes me feel unique and special.
He makes me happy.
He makes me laugh so hard.
He makes me laugh.
He makes me nervous.
He makes me uncomfortable, so I avoid him.
He makes me uncomfortable, so I stay away from him.
He makes me work more than ten hours each day.
He makes mistakes every time he speaks English.
He makes mistakes like everyone else.
He makes mistakes when he speaks Berber.
He makes mistakes.
He makes money from house sitting.
He makes money.
He makes more money than you do.
He makes most, if not all, of the important decisions for his company.
He makes mountains out of molehills.
He makes my day so much brighter.
He makes my life a living hell.
He makes necessary changes.
He makes no bones about admitting it.
He makes no disguise of his feelings.
He makes no distinction between right and wrong.
He makes no friend who never made a foe.
He makes no friends with his loutish behaviour.
He makes no half-hearted attempts.
He makes no mistake.
He makes nothing of getting up early in the morning.
He makes one mistake after another.
He makes out that he has a right to say so.
He makes paper.
He makes sense.
He makes soap and other cleansing products out of cooking oil from hotels and restaurants in the southwestern city of Douala.
He makes sure that he tells the truth.
He makes the most of his opportunities.
He makes the same mistakes.
He makes things easier.
He makes three times more money than I do.
He makes time for me despite his busy schedule.
He makes up funny stories.
He makes up stories.
He makes us laugh.
He makes very hurtful comments about Islam.
He makes wine from grapes.
He makes young girls' hearts flutter.
He makes young girls’ hearts flutter.
He maketh me to lie down in green pastures; he leadeth me beside the still waters.
He managed a small restaurant in Istanbul for quite a few years.
He managed all the art galleries in the city.
He managed the business with great skill.
He managed the classroom during the fire drill.
He managed the company while his father was ill.
He managed the house.
He managed the school's newsletter.
He managed to afford a nice one-bedroom apartment.
He managed to avoid damaging my reputation by dropping a hint.
He managed to be on time for class.
He managed to board the train just in time.
He managed to bring a smile to my face.
He managed to brush aside all objections.
He managed to carry both suitcases by himself.
He managed to carry everything himself.
He managed to catch some butterflies.
He managed to catch the creature's attention.
He managed to climb the mountain.
He managed to close the door.
He managed to control his anger.
He managed to convey his enthusiasm to her.
He managed to crack the code.
He managed to cross the river swimming.
He managed to cross the river.
He managed to cross the yard undetected.
He managed to cure himself of his habit of nibbling his nails.
He managed to deescalate the situation before it became an actual fight.
He managed to defuse the bomb just in time.
He managed to defuse the bomb.
He managed to do it.
He managed to do something as an artist.
He managed to do that by himself.
He managed to do that on his own.
He managed to dodge the arrow just in time.
He managed to dribble past all the defenders.
He managed to escape at the last minute.
He managed to escape at the last second.
He managed to escape by using some sort of spell.
He managed to escape from prison.
He managed to escape from the cell.
He managed to escape from the room where his kidnappers had kept him locked up.
He managed to escape the cave alive.
He managed to escape through a window.
He managed to escape with his daughter to Algeria.
He managed to escape with his family to Algeria.
He managed to escape.
He managed to find a new job successfully.
He managed to find some honey.
He managed to finish the work without any help.
He managed to forbear his revenge.
He managed to get her antibiotics that saved her life.
He managed to get himself promoted last week.
He managed to get his job back.
He managed to get home before dark.
He managed to get off the difficulty.
He managed to get there in time.
He managed to get through.
He managed to learn Berber in just two months.
He managed to light a fire by gathering twigs and fallen leaves and then peeing over the lithium sheets that were inside the batteries of his flashlight.
He managed to live to tell the tale.
He managed to lock the door.
He managed to make both ends meet.
He managed to open the safe.
He managed to pass his driving test even though he was a poor driver.
He managed to pass the examination.
He managed to pick the lock.
He managed to put out the fire by himself.
He managed to put the fire out by himself.
He managed to read a book written in French.
He managed to remove all the loose concrete.
He managed to run the machine.
He managed to save her.
He managed to sell his car for a lot of money.
He managed to solve the problem through proper methods.
He managed to solve the problem.
He managed to swim across the river.
He managed to text her.
He manages a Moroccan restaurant in Paris.
He manages a band full-time.
He manages a property in Algiers.
He manages his assets.
He manages the garage.
He manages the organization's budget.
He manages to make me laugh till I cry.
He manifested his character in his behavior.
He manufactures toys in China.
He marches to the beat of a different drummer.
He marinated the beef in soy sauce.
He marinated the beef overnight.
He married Ann.
He married Anne.
He married Beryl Garçia, one of the beauties of Costa Rica, and, having purloined a considerable sum of public money, he changed his name to Vandeleur and fled to England, where he established a school in the east of Yorkshire.
He married Kate.
He married a Canadian girl.
He married a Canadian.
He married a Muslim woman from Algeria.
He married a Muslim woman.
He married a dark-haired Italian girl.
He married a debauched woman.
He married a farmer's daughter.
He married a fellow immigrant.
He married a girl much younger than he.
He married a girl of his own choice.
He married a girl older than he.
He married a girl that he chose for himself.
He married a local girl.
He married a nice Muslim woman.
He married a pretty girl.
He married a rich girl.
He married a stewardess.
He married a very beautiful woman.
He married a very pretty girl.
He married a very young girl.
He married a woman of great beauty.
He married a woman of his choice.
He married a woman older than him.
He married a woman older than himself.
He married a young woman.
He married an Algerian woman to stay in Algeria.
He married an Algerian woman.
He married an actress.
He married an air hostess.
He married an older woman.
He married directly after he left the university.
He married for money.
He married for the money.
He married her after he took his shahada.
He married her as soon as he found out she was pregnant.
He married her for her money.
He married her in secret.
He married her when he first arrived in Algeria.
He married her.
He married him.
He married his aunt's daughter.
He married his daughter to a bank clerk.
He married his daughter to a banker.
He married his daughter to a lawyer.
He married his daughter to a rich man.
He married his high school sweetheart.
He married his sister because of the family's wealth.
He married his uncle's daughter.
He married into a Canadian-Algerian family.
He married into a Kabyle family.
He married into a Muslim family.
He married my brother.
He married my cousin.
He married my sister.
He married one of his students.
He married that Algerian woman out of convenience.
He married that woman.
He married the girl contrary to his parents’ will.
He married the girl of his dreams.
He married the girl, contrary to his parents' will.
He married twice and had more than 20 children.
He married two women.
He marries, he divorces.
He mashed the medlars.
He massaged her back.
He massaged her leg.
He massaged his temples.
He massages her feet after work.
He massages her shoulders.
He mastered Berber.
He mastered English easily.
He mastered all he was taught.
He mastered the art of using ordinary words to say extraordinary things.
He mastered the technique quickly.
He mastered these words through the arduous consultation of the dictionary.
He masters the art of loving.
He matched his gait to his companion's.
He matched his gait to his companion’s.
He maxed out her credit card.
He may act tough, but everyone knows he’s got a heart of gold.
He may as well confess his crimes.
He may be OK.
He may be a genius.
He may be a good man for all I know.
He may be a madman now, and you know maniacs are supposed to be ten times as strong as ordinary men.
He may be a poor talker and far from shrewd, but I like him all the better for that.
He may be able to come tomorrow.
He may be alive.
He may be alone.
He may be an "expert", but he's just telling us what we already know.
He may be angry.
He may be awake.
He may be back.
He may be bored.
He may be broke.
He may be busy.
He may be clever, but he is not very helpful.
He may be clever, but he often makes careless mistakes.
He may be cold.
He may be dauntless when it comes to physical bravery, but he cowers whenever his mother chastises him.
He may be dead.
He may be doing nothing worse than taking a whiff and an eyeful of the naughty world, getting something to talk about to the other fellows when he comes home.
He may be drunk.
He may be early.
He may be fired.
He may be here.
He may be home.
He may be hot.
He may be hurt.
He may be in Paris now, for all I know.
He may be in danger.
He may be in over his head.
He may be intelligent, but he is not wise.
He may be jogging around the park.
He may be late.
He may be lost.
He may be lying.
He may be mad.
He may be old, but he is still very healthy.
He may be old, but he's still full of beans.
He may be old, but he's still full of energy.
He may be on the next train.
He may be out.
He may be poor, but he's a hard worker.
He may be powerful, but he is not invincible.
He may be ready.
He may be rich, but he is stingy.
He may be right, you know.
He may be right.
He may be shy.
He may be sick in bed.
He may be strong physically, but he's pretty weak emotionally.
He may be the only one who can solve this problem.
He may be the slowest one in our class.
He may be the traitor.
He may be the very man that I need.
He may be there.
He may be tired.
He may be ugly, but I like him anyhow.
He may be under forty.
He may be up.
He may be upset.
He may be weak.
He may be wrong.
He may become a baseball player.
He may become jealous.
He may borrow my car any day next week.
He may change his mind later.
He may change.
He may choose whichever color he likes.
He may collapse.
He may come across as glib, but he knows what he's talking about.
He may come and see us tonight.
He may come and visit me any time he wants to.
He may come back.
He may come here yet.
He may come today.
He may come tomorrow afternoon.
He may come with us if he wants to.
He may come yet.
He may come, or he may not.
He may come.
He may compromise him.
He may compromise himself.
He may die.
He may do anything he pleases.
He may do anything he wants.
He may do as he likes.
He may do it!
He may do it.
He may do that any way he likes.
He may do that anywhere he chooses.
He may do that anywhere he wants.
He may do that by himself.
He may do that himself.
He may do that however he likes.
He may do that if he likes.
He may do that if he wants to.
He may do that if he wants.
He may do that if he'd like to.
He may do that on his own.
He may do that wherever he chooses.
He may do that wherever he wants.
He may do that with her.
He may do that.
He may do what he wants.
He may do whatever he likes with what I gave him.
He may do whatever he likes.
He may do whatever he wants to.
He may do whatever he wants.
He may dread to learn the results.
He may eat anything he wants.
He may eat as much as he wants.
He may eat whatever he wants to.
He may eat whenever he wants to.
He may eat wherever he wants to.
He may faint.
He may feel his identity is at stake.
He may get fined if he does that.
He may get hurt if he does that.
He may get injured if he does that.
He may go anywhere he likes.
He may go fishing by himself.
He may go home by himself.
He may go if he wants to.
He may go if he wants.
He may go wherever he wants.
He may go with you if he wants.
He may have absented himself from school the day before yesterday.
He may have already departed.
He may have anything he wants.
He may have argued with his wife, but he can't have hit her.
He may have argued with his wife, but he can’t have hit her.
He may have been ill then.
He may have been ill.
He may have been right.
He may have been sick.
He may have been sleeping at the time.
He may have been there. I don't know.
He may have cheated on her.
He may have done that by himself.
He may have done that with her.
He may have everything he wants.
He may have feelings for her.
He may have gone already.
He may have gone fishing by himself.
He may have gone home by another way.
He may have gone surfing with her.
He may have had a fight with her.
He may have left for Kyoto.
He may have lost his way.
He may have lowbrow tastes but at least he's not snooty and conceited.
He may have lowbrow tastes but at least he’s not snooty and conceited.
He may have met her yesterday.
He may have met with an accident on his way.
He may have met with an accident on the way.
He may have missed his bus.
He may have missed his plane.
He may have missed his train.
He may have missed his usual bus.
He may have missed the bus.
He may have missed the last train.
He may have missed the plane.
He may have missed the train.
He may have missed the train. He hasn't come yet.
He may have misunderstood you.
He may have read the letter.
He may have said so.
He may have said something about it, but I don't remember.
He may have said something about it, but I don’t remember.
He may have seen it.
He may have suspected you.
He may have taken the wrong train.
He may have to help her.
He may have to quit his job.
He may have told a lie.
He may have won.
He may just be ahead of his time.
He may leave any minute.
He may leave anytime he wants to.
He may leave if he wants to.
He may leave.
He may look like a model, but actually he's a business man.
He may make it!
He may make it.
He may miss his train.
He may never see Algeria again.
He may not be able to come.
He may not be as busy as he seems.
He may not be as happy as he looks.
He may not be as happy as he seems.
He may not be as rich as he seems.
He may not be happy.
He may not be sharing the full story.
He may not come back to Algiers at all.
He may not come to Boston with her.
He may not come.
He may not drive a vehicle.
He may not have anything to eat.
He may not have done that by himself.
He may not have known the formula.
He may not have seen her.
He may not help.
He may not know.
He may not like what he sees.
He may not wait.
He may not want to help her.
He may not want to see her.
He may not win.
He may often have been here when he was a child.
He may own a lot of books but there's not an intelligent bone in his body.
He may possibly be lying about that.
He may put him in danger.
He may return.
He may save your life.
He may seem glib, but he knows what he's talking about.
He may sing.
He may sit here.
He may somehow be involved in the burglary.
He may somehow be involved in the crime.
He may somehow be involved in the heist.
He may somehow be involved in the killing.
He may somehow be involved in the murder.
He may speak French if he likes.
He may speak French if he wants.
He may speak French with her.
He may stay.
He may still be young, but he really is a reliable person.
He may take all the time he needs.
He may talk to whoever he wants to.
He may talk to whoever he wants.
He may talk with whoever he wants.
He may talk.
He may testify.
He may use my bicycle if he wants.
He may use my bicycle whenever he wants.
He may use my video camera if he wants to.
He may wait no longer.
He may want to talk to her.
He may well be fired.
He may well be proud of his bright son.
He may well be proud of his car.
He may well be proud of his daughter.
He may well be proud of his father.
He may well be proud of his house.
He may well be proud of his sons.
He may well be right.
He may well be said to have been a fortunate man.
He may well complain about his salary.
He may well get angry with her.
He may well get scolded for doing that.
He may well get very angry.
He may well just say something ambiguous again.
He may well respect the artist.
He may well win.
He may win.
He may yet come.
He means everything to me.
He means it seriously.
He means it.
He means me.
He means nothing to her.
He means the play to be a tragedy.
He means well.
He means what he says.
He meant exactly what he said.
He meant it when he said it.
He meant it.
He meant no harm.
He meant something like that.
He meant that.
He meant to tell her about it, but he never saw her again.
He meant well.
He meant what he said.
He meant you.
He measured all his shelves.
He measured off what he knew to be sufficient gingham for two dozen umbrellas (a workwoman standing by in waiting), and was about to cut off the length when the woman arrested his hand.
He measured the footprints.
He measured the length of the bed.
He measured the road.
He measures the time with a clock radio.
He measures the time with a radio clock.
He measures the time with a radio-controlled clock.
He meddled where he wasn't wanted and it backfired on him.
He meddled where he wasn’t wanted and it backfired on him.
He meddles with what does not concern him.
He mediated between the two parties.
He meditated for two days before giving his answer.
He meditated on his past life of suffering.
He meditated on the problem of good and evil.
He meditates on his past life.
He meets a lot of people online.
He meets foreigners during his travels.
He meets his girlfriend Saturdays.
He meets his girlfriend on Saturdays.
He meets me today evening at six o'clock.
He melted her heart.
He melts cheese on nachos.
He melts copper.
He memorized a chapter of the Quran.
He memorized an entire juz of the Quran.
He memorized her phone number.
He memorized his measurements.
He memorized parts of the Quran.
He memorized ten English words a day.
He memorized that poem when he was five years old.
He memorized the Quran.
He memorized two thousand English words.
He mended his iron.
He mended my umbrella.
He mended the broken table.
He mended them all.
He mentioned a book the title of which I can't remember now.
He mentioned a book the title of which I can’t remember now.
He mentioned a problem.
He mentioned her in his poems.
He mentioned her name for the first time.
He mentioned her.
He mentioned in passing that he intended to get married.
He mentioned it in the introduction.
He mentioned it.
He mentioned that it was about time to leave.
He mentioned that website.
He mentioned that.
He mentioned the accident to his wife.
He mentioned the incident to her.
He mentioned the incident to his wife.
He mentioned the matter of the banquet.
He mentioned the time they both spent together.
He mentioned this in his book.
He mentioned to me that he would go shopping in Shibuya.
He mentioned you.
He mentioned your name to me.
He mentions me in good terms.
He meowed.
He merely needs a little affection.
He merely seeks some acknowledgment.
He mesmerized us all with the dramatized narration of his journey.
He messaged Mina.
He messaged me in Berber.
He messages me in Berber.
He messed it all up.
He messed it up.
He messed up the stage that he had set up so carefully.
He messed up.
He messed with her family.
He met Eva at the park.
He met Mary.
He met Mia on a school trip.
He met Mom at the door.
He met Mr Beast.
He met Salas in the mosque.
He met Sam purely by chance.
He met Sammy Davis, Jr. on his way home.
He met Skura on his way to the theater.
He met Skura outside.
He met Skura.
He met Tom here.
He met Tom there.
He met a lady from Algeria named Skura.
He met a lot of Muslims.
He met a lot of interesting people from the publishing industry at the book fair.
He met a mysterious man by chance while taking a walk.
He met a nice girl in Kabylie.
He met a nice young man.
He met a pretty brunette at the evening party.
He met a seductive young woman at the party.
He met a woman on their honeymoon on Hawaii.
He met a woman who was supposedly Muslim.
He met an unexpected obstacle.
He met another female from Algeria.
He met her after school.
He met her and it was love at first sight.
He met her at a fast food joint.
He met her at a party, and it was love at first sight.
He met her at his old job.
He met her at that bar.
He met her at the bar.
He met her at the door.
He met her gaze and sensed hatred and contempt.
He met her gaze and smiled at her.
He met her in 2004. Four years later, they married.
He met her in Algiers.
He met her in his sophomore year.
He met her on his way to school.
He met her on the eve of the Berber New Year.
He met her while in the U.S.
He met her while on holiday in Italy.
He met him in the market.
He met his English teacher at the station by accident.
He met his demise at the hands of a crowd of jealous husbands.
He met his end in a rusty bear trap.
He met his friend in the mosque.
He met his friend while bathing in the sea.
He met his future wife in Algiers.
He met his girlfriend in Kabylie.
He met his girlfriend's parents.
He met his mistress during a country escapade.
He met his spouse in Poland.
He met his stepsister for the first time today.
He met his wife in Algeria.
He met his wife in Kabylie.
He met his wife in Poland.
He met his wife online.
He met his wife-to-be in Kabylie.
He met many Algerians there.
He met many fascinating people in the course of his travels.
He met me along the way; he accompanied me.
He met me when I came.
He met new friends at the bus stop.
He met new friends in Algiers.
He met one of his old friends on his way back from the station.
He met reporters to talk about his decision.
He met so many people in Algeria.
He met some Chinese tourists on the bus.
He met some Muslims when he was in Algeria.
He met some individuals in the mosque.
He met the girl on his way home yesterday.
He met the one he loves in school.
He met tourists from Algeria.
He met with a few colleagues to discuss joint lesson plans.
He met with a traffic accident and had a narrow escape from death.
He met with a traffic accident.
He met with a tragic death in an ambush.
He met with an accident and broke some bones.
He met with an accident.
He met with an unfortunate accident.
He met with grave difficulties.
He met with her.
He met with reporters to talk about his decision.
He met with serious difficulties.
He met with serious hardships.
He met with the principal to discuss curriculum changes.
He met you there.
He might already have left Kyoto.
He might ask you to help him.
He might at least apologize.
He might be OK.
He might be able to do that, but I doubt it.
He might be able to help her.
He might be able to help me in this situation.
He might be able to help me.
He might be able to help us.
He might be able to help you.
He might be able to reverse the polarity.
He might be at home.
He might be away at the moment.
He might be drunk.
He might be hot.
He might be ill in bed.
He might be in Boston with her.
He might be in his office.
He might be in his room.
He might be in the sports hall.
He might be interested.
He might be keeping some information to himself.
He might be mad.
He might be our new teacher.
He might be out.
He might be right.
He might be shy.
He might be the answer we seek.
He might be the one for her.
He might be the one who murdered her.
He might be up.
He might be young but he's trustworthy.
He might become Muslim.
He might benefit from a conversation with you.
He might change his mind.
He might come back.
He might come to the party with her.
He might come tomorrow.
He might come.
He might cry.
He might despise her.
He might die.
He might do it!
He might do it.
He might do that by himself.
He might do that for her.
He might do that on his own.
He might do that with her.
He might drive to Boston with her.
He might fail in his new project unless he is industrious.
He might faint.
He might fire her.
He might get fined if he does that.
He might get fired if he does that.
He might get going.
He might get hurt if he does that.
He might go fishing by himself.
He might go to Boston with her.
He might go to jail.
He might go to the dance with her.
He might go to the game with her.
He might go.
He might have a crush on her.
He might have already left Kyoto.
He might have been really drunk.
He might have been sleeping at that time.
He might have been the one who told her.
He might have come.
He might have eaten before he came.
He might have got stuck in traffic.
He might have lied to me.
He might have lost his way.
He might have missed the last train.
He might have overslept.
He might have read the letter.
He might have returned home from another route.
He might have seen her.
He might have seen it.
He might have seen.
He might have supposed the bull had been arrested in its career by a thunderbolt, had he not observed among the branches of the thicket the figure of a man, with a short gun or musquetoon in his hand.
He might have the solution.
He might have written many of his plays.
He might head off.
He might hear you better if you whisper into his ear.
He might help if you asked him to.
He might hire her.
He might hurt her.
He might kill on her behalf.
He might kiss her.
He might know something about her.
He might know.
He might look scary, but he's really nice.
He might make it!
He might need a bigger dump.
He might need glasses.
He might need to help her.
He might not be able to come so far as this for many days.
He might not be as happy as he looks.
He might not be happy.
He might not come to Australia with her.
He might not come.
He might not have eaten for days.
He might not have seen her.
He might not know the answer.
He might not pass the exam.
He might not show up to my birthday party.
He might not want to help her.
He might not want to see her.
He might not want us to help her.
He might not want us to help him.
He might object.
He might pay me some of the money he owes.
He might possibly know the answer.
He might possibly say something ambiguous again.
He might recognize her.
He might retaliate.
He might return.
He might run a little late tonight.
He might run.
He might say something ambiguous again.
He might see you as a competitor.
He might sell this place before the end of the year.
He might sing.
He might still change his mind.
He might take long steps.
He might talk.
He might think I don't like him.
He might think that we don't like him.
He might think you don't like him.
He might wait.
He might want to talk to her.
He might want you to help him.
He might win the competition.
He might win the tournament.
He might win.
He might've been happy with her.
He might've been the one who told her.
He might've done that by himself.
He might've done that with her.
He might've eaten on his way home.
He might've followed her.
He might've gone surfing with her.
He might've had a fight with her.
He might've missed the train.
He might've won.
He might, however, have seen a wooden peg of a different size or color.
He might, perhaps, have obtained grammars from Alfredston, but to do that required money, and a knowledge of what books to order; and though physically comfortable, he was in such absolute dependence as to be without a farthing of his own.
He milked the cow.
He milked the ewes.
He minded his own business.
He minds his manners.
He miraculously avoided the accident.
He miraculously survived.
He misinterpreted it.
He misjudged her.
He misled her.
He misled me.
He misled us.
He misled you.
He mispronounces many words.
He miss me.
He missed Skura.
He missed Sunday school.
He missed Tom.
He missed a lot of Berber lessons.
He missed a penalty in the first half.
He missed a rung and fell off the ladder.
He missed an appointment.
He missed an important appointment.
He missed an important lecture.
He missed class.
He missed her dearly.
He missed her.
He missed him a lot.
He missed his appointment.
He missed his bus.
He missed his chance.
He missed his daughter.
He missed his dentist appointment.
He missed his flight.
He missed his friends.
He missed his kids.
He missed his kiss.
He missed his son.
He missed his stop.
He missed his train by a minute.
He missed his train.
He missed it.
He missed me.
He missed on purpose so as not to kill me.
He missed school today.
He missed school yesterday.
He missed that opportunity to learn Berber.
He missed that.
He missed the 8.30 train.
He missed the 8:30 train.
He missed the bus.
He missed the deadline.
He missed the game.
He missed the last bus.
He missed the last train by a minute.
He missed the last train.
He missed the opportunity for a promotion.
He missed the party.
He missed the penalty.
He missed the play.
He missed the shift.
He missed the target again.
He missed the target.
He missed the test.
He missed the train because of the traffic accident.
He missed the train by a minute.
He missed the train by one minute.
He missed the train.
He missed you.
He misses Algeria a lot.
He misses Algeria.
He misses Boston.
He misses Mina.
He misses her.
He misses his daughter.
He misses his ex.
He misses his family a lot.
He misses his family very much.
He misses his family.
He misses his father.
He misses his girlfriend.
He misses his homeland.
He misses his husband.
He misses his mother and father.
He misses his parents.
He misses his wife.
He misses me and I have missed him.
He misses school sometimes.
He misses spring.
He misses you.
He misspelled some Berber words.
He misspoke.
He mistook Connie for my sister.
He mistook me for an Englishman.
He mistook me for my mother.
He mistook me for my twin brother.
He mistook me for my younger brother.
He mistook the bottle of acid for water and drank it.
He mistook the car's cruise control for autopilot.
He misunderstood her.
He mixed all the ingredients together.
He mixed everything together.
He mixed himself a drink.
He mixed sugar and milk.
He mixed sugar with milk.
He mixed the good and the bad.
He mixed the vinagar and the soda together.
He mixes couscous and bread.
He mixes tracks for parties.
He mixes up words, so his letter is full of blunders.
He moaned.
He mocked me.
He mocked my efforts.
He mocked the way the professor speaks.
He mocked you.
He mocks me.
He modeled caryatids for the Palais de la Bourse at Brussels; for the Palais des Académies he made a frieze representing children and the attributes of the arts and sciences; he was charged also with the execution of decorative pieces for different municipal buildings of the city of Antwerp.
He moderates an internet community.
He moistened his lips.
He molested her.
He mooed.
He mopped all of the floors.
He more or less understands his problems.
He mortgaged his house.
He mortgaged the house.
He most likely has the pain that is provoked by kidney stones.
He mostly kept out of trouble.
He mostly kept to himself.
He mostly kept to his room.
He mostly talked about her.
He mostly talked about his trip.
He motioned Dina towards the sliding door.
He motioned for her to sit down.
He motioned for me to follow him.
He motioned me to follow him.
He motioned me to stand up.
He motioned to me to go to him.
He motioned us away.
He motivated her to exercise.
He motivated her to pursue her passion.
He motivated her to read more books.
He motivated her to volunteer for the cause.
He motivated me a lot to learn Berber.
He motivates her to exercise.
He motivates her to follow her passions.
He motivates her to learn Berber.
He motivates her to live a healthy lifestyle.
He motivates her to pursue education.
He motivates her to pursue her hobbies.
He motivates her to pursue her passions.
He motivates her to stay active.
He motivates her to stay positive.
He motivates me to take chances in life.
He motivates those around him.
He mounted his bicycle and rode away.
He mounted his bike.
He mounted his horse and rode off.
He mounted his horse, and with his faithful hound went on seeking further adventures through the world.
He mounted his horse.
He mourned the death of his friend.
He moved a bit closer to her.
He moved abroad.
He moved across the country to make the kids happy.
He moved around like an elephant in a porcelain store.
He moved as quickly as he could.
He moved aside to let it pass.
He moved astonishingly fast.
He moved away from her.
He moved away from him.
He moved away from radicalism.
He moved away from us.
He moved away to Kabylie.
He moved away.
He moved back in with his parents.
He moved back to Algeria in 2004 and he has been there ever since.
He moved back to California.
He moved back to Kabylie.
He moved back to the house of his parents.
He moved back with his parents.
He moved close to her.
He moved closer to her.
He moved closer.
He moved forward.
He moved from California to Arizona.
He moved from a very high-tax country to Luxembourg.
He moved from place to place.
He moved from province to province.
He moved further away.
He moved here in Algiers and he reinvented himself.
He moved his chair a little closer to her.
He moved his cursor.
He moved his leg so that it was touching mine.
He moved his pawn two squares forward.
He moved houses last year.
He moved houses.
He moved in in April.
He moved in the middle of the school year.
He moved in with her.
He moved in with his brother.
He moved in with his grandparents.
He moved in.
He moved into a hotel.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Algiers.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Ankara.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Beijing.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Brussels.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Budapest.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Canberra.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Damascus.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Istanbul.
He moved into an upscale suburb in London.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Madrid.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Moscow.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Rome.
He moved into an upscale suburb in Tokyo.
He moved into his new house.
He moved into my neighborhood.
He moved into that house.
He moved into the fetal position.
He moved into the gym.
He moved into the new house.
He moved north.
He moved off.
He moved on to the next topic.
He moved out of his apartment.
He moved out of his parents' house.
He moved out of his parents' place.
He moved out of the state.
He moved out of the way.
He moved out of town.
He moved out.
He moved over from where we were sitting.
He moved permanently to Algeria.
He moved shortly after that here to Algeria.
He moved shortly after that to Algeria.
He moved slightly away from her.
He moved somewhere warmer for his health.
He moved stiffly after doing too much in the gym the day before.
He moved that car away.
He moved the company to Ireland.
He moved the desk to the right.
He moved the flags up and down.
He moved the furniture.
He moved the stuff to the room he'll be staying in.
He moved the table aside.
He moved the washing machine to the bathroom.
He moved the wrong way.
He moved to Algeria and learned Berber.
He moved to Algeria and lived there for four years.
He moved to Algeria for a while.
He moved to Algeria in order to pursue a business venture.
He moved to Algeria to be closer to her.
He moved to Algeria to study Berber.
He moved to Algeria.
He moved to Algiers from Kabylie.
He moved to Algiers from Spain.
He moved to Algiers to become a singer.
He moved to Algiers where he started a successful business.
He moved to Algiers.
He moved to At Rzine.
He moved to Bejaia, Algeria, to pursue a degree in Berber.
He moved to Bejaia, Algeria.
He moved to Canada.
He moved to Europe.
He moved to Germany.
He moved to Ichelladen.
He moved to Istanbul two years ago.
He moved to Istanbul with his wife.
He moved to Italy when he was ten years old and he's lived there ever since.
He moved to Italy when he was ten years old and he’s lived there ever since.
He moved to Kabylie on a whim.
He moved to Kabylie, Algeria, to learn Berber.
He moved to Kabylie, Algeria.
He moved to Kabylie.
He moved to LA.
He moved to Madrid to take the reins of his father's business.
He moved to Madrid to take the reins of his father’s business.
He moved to New York, where he looked for a job.
He moved to Paris in 1966.
He moved to Tokyo last month.
He moved to Tokyo.
He moved to a company that offered him a higher salary.
He moved to a good company that offered a good salary.
He moved to a new neighborhood.
He moved to a new town with new opportunities.
He moved to a warmer place for the sake of his health.
He moved to another town.
He moved to my neighborhood.
He moved to southern Italy.
He moved to the East Coast.
He moved to the Netherlands when he was very young.
He moved to the city yesterday.
He moved to the country and discovered happiness for the first time in his life.
He moved to the country of his ancestors, Algeria.
He moved to the district in 2014.
He moved to the island.
He moved toward her.
He moved towards Mina.
He moved towards the door.
He moved up north to Canada.
He moved west to Nashville, Tennessee.
He moved with Grandma last year.
He moved with astonishing rapidity.
He moved with the times.
He moved without telling the neighbors.
He moved.
He moves a lot.
He moves awkwardly.
He moves forward without direction.
He moves like a shadow, unnoticed but ever-present.
He moves like a shadow.
He moves like the wind.
He moves quickly.
He moves quietly so as not to disturb the household.
He moves through life like a gentle stream.
He moves through life with quiet grace.
He moves through the water like a fish.
He moves with calm purpose.
He moves with quiet confidence.
He moves with quiet intent.
He moves with quiet wisdom.
He moves with the grace of the wind.
He moves with the strength of a quiet storm.
He moves with the times.
He mowed her lawn for her.
He mowed my lawn.
He mowed the lawn.
He mows his lawn at 6 a.m.
He mows his lawn at 6 in the morning.
He mows with wide strokes.
He much enjoys going to the cinema.
He mugged her.
He mumbled something in Berber.
He mumbled something in his sleep.
He mumbled.
He mumbles a lot.
He mumbles so much it's impossible to figure out what he's saying.
He murdered Silya.
He murdered her.
He murdered his own father.
He murdered people.
He murders English.
He murmured something unintelligible.
He muscled his way through the crowd.
He musn't know I'm here.
He must apologise to her.
He must apologize.
He must avoid peanuts because of his allergy.
He must be Mary's boyfriend.
He must be OK.
He must be Tom Jackson.
He must be Tom's brother.
He must be Tom’s brother.
He must be a bookworm to read ten books every day.
He must be a fool to do so.
He must be a fool to do such a thing.
He must be a fool to talk like that.
He must be a gentleman to act that way.
He must be a good boy.
He must be a good politician and leader.
He must be a good walker to have walked such a long distance.
He must be a good walker to walk such a long distance.
He must be a musician.
He must be a quack doctor.
He must be able to pass the exam since he has the capacity.
He must be about forty.
He must be an American.
He must be an honest man.
He must be angry with her.
He must be around 40.
He must be at home as the light in on.
He must be at home as the light is on.
He must be at home. I see his car in his garage.
He must be at least 35 years old.
He must be at least forty years old.
He must be at least thirty years old.
He must be aware of the danger.
He must be busy.
He must be buying them abroad.
He must be cold.
He must be condemned for breaking his promise.
He must be crazy that he should do so.
He must be crazy to act like that.
He must be crazy to behave like that.
He must be crazy to do such a thing.
He must be crazy to go out in this stormy weather.
He must be crazy to say such a thing.
He must be crazy to talk like that.
He must be crazy to treat his parents like this.
He must be dead.
He must be extremely worried.
He must be feeling what I feel.
He must be fined if he breaks the law.
He must be forty or so.
He must be from Ankara.
He must be from the South.
He must be full.
He must be furious with her.
He must be going out of his mind.
He must be happier now after having remarried.
He must be having a stroke.
He must be her brother.
He must be here.
He must be hiding something.
He must be home by 3:30.
He must be home.
He must be homesick.
He must be honest.
He must be hot.
He must be in a hurry.
He must be in because the light's on.
He must be in his thirties.
He must be innocent.
He must be lacking in common sense.
He must be lost.
He must be mad at me.
He must be mad at you.
He must be mad to behave like that.
He must be mad.
He must be missing her.
He must be mistaken.
He must be more careful from now on.
He must be nearly forty.
He must be out of his mind.
He must be out.
He must be over fifty.
He must be over forty by now.
He must be over sixty.
He must be proud of himself.
He must be proud of you.
He must be rich.
He must be saved.
He must be selfish.
He must be severely punished.
He must be shy.
He must be sick.
He must be sick; he looks pale.
He must be somewhere about.
He must be somewhere around.
He must be stopped at all costs.
He must be stuck on the road, surely.
He must be stupid not to see such a thing.
He must be stupid to believe such a thing.
He must be taken away.
He must be the head teacher.
He must be the headmaster.
He must be the one for me.
He must be the principal.
He must be tired after such hard work.
He must be tired after working all day in the hot sun.
He must be tired.
He must be told.
He must be very angry to say such a thing.
He must be very angry with her.
He must be very busy because I cannot meet him.
He must be very happy after winning the race.
He must be very happy.
He must be very tired after a long walk.
He must be waiting for her.
He must be well off. He drives a very nice car.
He must be worked upon so that his feeling may be made to change.
He must be working late at the office.
He must be worried about her.
He must behave himself.
He must build a Kabyle school.
He must build a tribal school.
He must buy a new bicycle for his son.
He must buy a pair of shoes. His old ones are all worn out.
He must choose between honor and death.
He must clean his room.
He must clean that room.
He must come back to the castle at once.
He must come here.
He must come.
He must conserve his strength.
He must consider carefully whether he really wants a divorce or not.
He must continue learning German.
He must continue to play like this.
He must decide what to do right away.
He must decide whether to leave or stay. Digging is useless.
He must decide.
He must die.
He must do it now.
He must do that.
He must face the chance of going down with the ship.
He must find work.
He must finish his homework today.
He must finish the report today.
He must follow those tracks.
He must give up drinking completely.
He must go and get his father from the station.
He must go back to Algeria.
He must go now.
He must go there tomorrow.
He must go there.
He must go to the dentist.
He must go.
He must have a name, you know.
He must have a phobia of Christmas.
He must have abused the privilege.
He must have already come.
He must have arrived by now.
He must have been at home at that time.
He must have been brought up in a good family.
He must have been crazy to climb the mountain in winter.
He must have been crazy to say such a thing.
He must have been home then.
He must have been ill.
He must have been named after his grandfather.
He must have been on steroids to have run that fast.
He must have been really loved.
He must have been really thirsty, because when I left there were two full bottles of water, and when I came back they were both empty.
He must have been rich.
He must have been sleeping because he didn't answer the telephone.
He must have been sleeping because he didn’t answer the telephone.
He must have been very surprised.
He must have called.
He must have conspired with his grandfather.
He must have cried a hundred times reading that book.
He must have done it out of mischief.
He must have done it.
He must have drunk too much last night.
He must have eaten a peanut because now he is in shock.
He must have entered this room.
He must have filled her head with a lot of nonsense.
He must have forgotten all about the promise.
He must have gone to see his old friend.
He must have got over his cold.
He must have gotten over his cold.
He must have left the water running.
He must have left.
He must have lost his marbles.
He must have loved her a great deal.
He must have loved them a great deal.
He must have made it up.
He must have missed his usual train.
He must have missed the train.
He must have mistaken me for someone else.
He must have reached the station.
He must have said it by accident.
He must have said so without giving it much thought.
He must have seen it.
He must have seen me.
He must have seen us.
He must have slipped something into my glass.
He must have stacked them up against the wall.
He must have stayed awake all night watching over me.
He must have studied English hard.
He must have taken the wrong train.
He must have thought I was an idiot.
He must have told her.
He must help Mom.
He must help her.
He must hide.
He must honour his word.
He must keep up with the times.
He must learn Berber.
He must learn the alphabet.
He must learn to approach things with a serious mindset.
He must leave now.
He must leave the spaceship.
He must like taking walks.
He must live by his wits.
He must live near here.
He must love her.
He must love you very much.
He must love you.
He must make an appointment.
He must make his own decisions.
He must make up his own mind.
He must miss his family.
He must move from words to action.
He must not find out the truth.
He must not live.
He must obey his father.
He must obey the rules.
He must observe traffic rules.
He must pay for his crimes.
He must pay for what he's done.
He must pay to have his registration plate re-made.
He must pay what he owes.
He must prepare himself for the upcoming exam.
He must pull out his own eyes, and see no creature, before he can say, he sees no God. He must be no man, and quench his reasonable soul, before he can say to himself, there is no God.
He must realize what he's done.
He must really like her.
He must really like you.
He must reveal his trump cards.
He must see a specialist.
He must serve his time.
He must sing the national anthem.
He must sleep at least eight hours a day.
He must stay in Algeria.
He must stay in hospital for a week.
He must stay in the hospital for a week.
He must stay there.
He must stay.
He must still be in his thirties.
He must strive to find a solution.
He must submit to the paternity test.
He must succeed to his father's business.
He must succeed to his father’s business.
He must undergo surgery.
He must warn her.
He must work hard.
He must've arrived by now.
He must've been happy to see her.
He must've been very surprised.
He must've died.
He must've done that by himself.
He must've finished his work early.
He must've forgotten his key.
He must've forgotten his promise to her.
He must've forgotten his promise.
He must've forgotten what he promised her.
He must've forgotten what he promised to do for her.
He must've gone fishing by himself.
He must've gone to see her.
He must've gotten over his cold.
He must've had his reasons.
He must've hit his head.
He must've left.
He must've misunderstood her.
He must've told her.
He must've woken up on the wrong side of the bed.
He must've won.
He must, by order of the captain, chain them up and carry out the other punishments.
He mustered up his courage to talk to a foreigner.
He mustered up the courage to propose to her.
He muted me.
He mutilated his genitals with a knife.
He muttered a curse.
He muttered complaints against the school.
He muttered something under his breath.
He muttered something unintelligible.
He muttered that under his breath.
He mysteriously disappeared.
He nailed it.
He named all the planets of the solar system.
He named his dog "Salas".
He named his dog Cookie.
He named his dog Popeye.
He named his dog Rex.
He named his dog Trump.
He named his guinea pigs Blondie, Thumper, and Candy.
He named his puppy "Dan."
He named his puppy Cookie.
He named his puppy Pooch.
He named his son James.
He named his son John after his own father.
He named his son Robert after his own father.
He named it.
He named the ship the Swallow.
He narrowly escaped being killed.
He narrowly escaped being run over.
He narrowly escaped death.
He narrowly escaped from the bus when it caught fire.
He narrowly escaped the disaster.
He narrowly swerved right to avoid getting hit.
He naturally tends to tell lies.
He navigates his way through the gray rocks on a quest to catch a particular kind of snail, Purpura pansa.
He navigates life with quiet determination.
He navigates through guesswork.
He neared the door.
He nearly died after eating mushrooms.
He nearly died today.
He nearly died.
He nearly fainted when he saw it.
He nearly fainted.
He nearly fell off his chair.
He nearly fell to the floor when he saw that mess.
He nearly got away with it.
He nearly got caught by the creature.
He nearly got himself killed.
He nearly jumped out of the window.
He nearly killed both of them!
He nearly killed himself a few hours ago.
He nearly ran right into her.
He necked ten pints.
He need not get up so early.
He need not give up the plan.
He need not go in the storm.
He need not have called a taxi.
He need not have come to the party last night.
He need not have run so fast.
He needed Silya.
He needed a Berber language immersion course.
He needed a break from partying.
He needed a coat.
He needed a few boxes.
He needed a few moments of solitude.
He needed a job.
He needed a loan to fund the project.
He needed a new computer.
He needed a pause from activity.
He needed a strategy.
He needed a word of comfort.
He needed all the help he could get.
He needed all the money.
He needed capital to start a new business.
He needed cash.
He needed five stitches.
He needed food.
He needed glasses.
He needed help doing his taxes.
He needed help.
He needed her help.
He needed her.
He needed him.
He needed his brother to stand by his side.
He needed his own computer.
He needed his parents' approval.
He needed hope.
He needed it.
He needed me.
He needed money so desperately.
He needed money to pay his rent and for his groceries.
He needed money.
He needed more than ten minutes to find the exit.
He needed more than ten minutes to find the way out.
He needed more time to complete the task.
He needed more time.
He needed more.
He needed rest.
He needed some information about Islam.
He needed some money to buy something for her.
He needed some servants.
He needed some time to adjust.
He needed some time to think things over.
He needed somebody he could trust.
He needed someone he could trust.
He needed someone to console him.
He needed someone to help him.
He needed space.
He needed sunglasses.
He needed surgery.
He needed that laugh.
He needed that money desperately.
He needed that.
He needed the break.
He needed the entire afternoon to finish the work.
He needed the money.
He needed the whole afternoon to finish the work.
He needed them.
He needed this.
He needed time.
He needed to apologise.
He needed to assert himself.
He needed to be hospitalized in Algeria.
He needed to be in Algiers.
He needed to be told not to try to do that by himself.
He needed to be told to do that by himself.
He needed to buy a screen for his computer.
He needed to change his plan.
He needed to explain everything to her.
He needed to find a new topic to keep the conversation going.
He needed to find more information.
He needed to focus on his Islamic studies.
He needed to get a fresh start.
He needed to get away.
He needed to get himself out of that situation.
He needed to go down to Algeria that day.
He needed to go pee.
He needed to go.
He needed to keep Lina from the dog.
He needed to make an important call.
He needed to move to a trailer park.
He needed to recharge.
He needed to refocus his thoughts.
He needed to regain his energy.
He needed to reinvent the band.
He needed to rest.
He needed to see Mom.
He needed to stop.
He needed to taper off venlafaxine.
He needed to wash his car.
He needed us.
He needed water.
He needed work.
He needed you.
He needn't get up so early.
He needn't go in such a hurry.
He needn't go to the institute today.
He needn't have brought the umbrella.
He needn't have called a taxi.
He needn't have come himself.
He needn’t go in such a hurry.
He needn’t have brought the umbrella.
He needn’t have come himself.
He needs Silya.
He needs Skura.
He needs a Berber language dictionary.
He needs a bath.
He needs a bigger size.
He needs a break.
He needs a cab.
He needs a chair to sit in.
He needs a coat.
He needs a crowbar.
He needs a cup of sugar.
He needs a dialysis.
He needs a doctor.
He needs a dry towel.
He needs a few jokes to lighten up his talk.
He needs a haircut.
He needs a hand.
He needs a heart transplant urgently.
He needs a home.
He needs a hotel.
He needs a jacket.
He needs a job.
He needs a kidney transplant.
He needs a ladder.
He needs a lawyer.
He needs a lift.
He needs a little more practice.
He needs a lot of practice.
He needs a lot of water.
He needs a medication but doesn’t want it.
He needs a more productive outlet for his anger.
He needs a new car.
He needs a new knee.
He needs a new pair of glasses.
He needs a nice long vacation.
He needs a night-light to be able to sleep.
He needs a place to stay.
He needs a plan to escape.
He needs a plan.
He needs a push.
He needs a raise.
He needs a ramp to get off the train with his wheelchair.
He needs a rest.
He needs a ride.
He needs a seat.
He needs a second to relax.
He needs a sharp knife.
He needs a shirt.
He needs a straight.
He needs a taxi.
He needs a towel.
He needs a tree for Christmas.
He needs a wife.
He needs accurate data.
He needs advice.
He needs all the help he can get.
He needs an adaptor to connect his headphones.
He needs an appointment.
He needs an interpreter.
He needs an umbrella.
He needs another car.
He needs another computer.
He needs another volunteer.
He needs answers.
He needs assistance.
He needs assistants.
He needs at least eight hours of sleep every night or he can't function.
He needs dialysis twice a week.
He needs discipline.
He needs dry towels.
He needs emergency surgery.
He needs glasses to read.
He needs glasses.
He needs help now.
He needs help with these children.
He needs help.
He needs her help.
He needs her.
He needs him.
He needs his family.
He needs his medication.
He needs his medicine.
He needs his privacy.
He needs his rest.
He needs his sleep.
He needs hope.
He needs information on parenting.
He needs it today.
He needs it.
He needs me.
He needs medical attention.
He needs medication.
He needs medicine.
He needs money to bail Dad out.
He needs money.
He needs more after-school tutoring.
He needs more data.
He needs more detailed instructions.
He needs more equipment.
He needs more practice.
He needs more time to forget her.
He needs more time, guys.
He needs more time.
He needs more.
He needs new clothes.
He needs new shoes.
He needs no one's help.
He needs no one.
He needs not only money but also advice.
He needs one.
He needs our couscous recipe to make money.
He needs our endorsement.
He needs oxygen.
He needs pants.
He needs paper.
He needs physiotherapy.
He needs proper medical attention at a hospital.
He needs quiet to work.
He needs rest.
He needs roses.
He needs rules.
He needs sex.
He needs sharp knives.
He needs some advice.
He needs some help.
He needs some medicine.
He needs some milk.
He needs some more time to think about it.
He needs some more time.
He needs some new shoes.
He needs some place to hide.
He needs some privacy.
He needs some rest.
He needs some sleep.
He needs some space to think about it.
He needs some space to think.
He needs some space.
He needs some sugar.
He needs some time to think about it.
He needs somebody he could trust.
He needs somebody to help him.
He needs someone to help him.
He needs someone to talk to.
He needs something to drink.
He needs something to open the chest.
He needs spiritual help.
He needs supplies.
He needs surgery on his left foot.
He needs ten hours to get dressed.
He needs that aspirin.
He needs that money right now.
He needs that money.
He needs that time.
He needs that.
He needs the book.
He needs the car for a few more hours.
He needs the cash.
He needs the certificate.
He needs the house tonight.
He needs the keys to the storeroom.
He needs the ladder.
He needs the money for today.
He needs the money.
He needs the pliers.
He needs their help.
He needs them.
He needs this.
He needs time to come up with a plan.
He needs time to relax.
He needs time to unwind.
He needs time.
He needs to accept that idea.
He needs to accomplish more.
He needs to align the list of his goals with the list of the people he's spending time with.
He needs to answer the question.
He needs to apologize to her.
He needs to apologize to the waiter.
He needs to apologize to those customers.
He needs to apologize.
He needs to ask someone for help.
He needs to attend to the wounded.
He needs to be alone in order to do some thinking.
He needs to be alone.
He needs to be aware of the dangers.
He needs to be careful of the rocks.
He needs to be carried.
He needs to be demoted.
He needs to be driven to the hospital immediately.
He needs to be here at six o'clock.
He needs to be more like her.
He needs to be on time.
He needs to be punished.
He needs to be removed from office.
He needs to be sympathetic.
He needs to be taken to the hospital immediately.
He needs to be taken to the hospital.
He needs to be the center of attention.
He needs to be told not to do that by himself.
He needs to be told not to try to do that by himself.
He needs to be told to do that by himself.
He needs to be told to stay away from her.
He needs to be with her.
He needs to borrow that book.
He needs to build another cabin.
He needs to buy a gift for her.
He needs to buy a new raincoat.
He needs to buy a towel.
He needs to buy himself some time.
He needs to buy some pants because he lost some weight.
He needs to buy time.
He needs to buy towels.
He needs to call a doctor.
He needs to call an ambulance.
He needs to cancel his flight.
He needs to change his attitude.
He needs to change his behavior.
He needs to change his lifestyle.
He needs to change his plan.
He needs to change his socks.
He needs to change the rules in times like these.
He needs to change.
He needs to check his tires after every trip.
He needs to check with her.
He needs to clean his belly button piercing.
He needs to clean his glasses first.
He needs to clean his room.
He needs to clean the mess up.
He needs to clean the room.
He needs to clean up this mess.
He needs to clear the snow before dark.
He needs to collect more data.
He needs to come back tomorrow.
He needs to come back.
He needs to come help.
He needs to come home.
He needs to come to Algeria now.
He needs to come to terms with this.
He needs to come to us.
He needs to come up with more believable excuses.
He needs to come.
He needs to control himself.
He needs to cook dinner.
He needs to cross the river on foot.
He needs to die.
He needs to do it right.
He needs to do it slowly.
He needs to do some math.
He needs to do some research.
He needs to do that by himself.
He needs to earn an honest living.
He needs to eat.
He needs to enforce the rules.
He needs to examine the semen.
He needs to expand his Berber vocabulary.
He needs to explain everything to her.
He needs to explain himself.
He needs to face the facts.
He needs to face the truth.
He needs to face this battle alone.
He needs to find a hotel.
He needs to find a purpose to his life.
He needs to find a safer place.
He needs to find additional witnesses.
He needs to find an apartment not too far from where he works.
He needs to find another tree.
He needs to find her.
He needs to find his feet.
He needs to find his marks.
He needs to find the dog before noon.
He needs to find work.
He needs to finish his essay.
He needs to finish his school.
He needs to finish the report.
He needs to finish what he started.
He needs to finish what he's doing.
He needs to fix this place up.
He needs to fix those problems.
He needs to fly to New York City.
He needs to focus on schoo right now.
He needs to follow my advice.
He needs to follow the instructions.
He needs to forget about that woman and his children.
He needs to forget that part of his life.
He needs to gain more knowledge.
He needs to get a closer look.
He needs to get a grip of himself.
He needs to get back on the road as soon as possible.
He needs to get himself a good lawyer.
He needs to get his eyesight checked.
He needs to get his hair cut.
He needs to get into shape.
He needs to get it figured out quickly.
He needs to get more exercise.
He needs to get on the next train.
He needs to get out of here right now.
He needs to get over himself.
He needs to get ready for the next test.
He needs to get some sleep.
He needs to get the business up and running.
He needs to get the job done.
He needs to get the number 5 bus.
He needs to get to the Red Sea in two days.
He needs to get to the bottom of this.
He needs to give her another chance.
He needs to go home by himself.
He needs to go to Algeria.
He needs to go to Kabylie.
He needs to go to bed now.
He needs to go to prom.
He needs to go to the dentist.
He needs to go to the hospital.
He needs to go to the library tomorrow.
He needs to go to the police.
He needs to go with her.
He needs to go.
He needs to handle this crisis.
He needs to hear the bad news directly from her.
He needs to hear the truth.
He needs to help her.
He needs to help him.
He needs to hire some help.
He needs to hit the books.
He needs to improve his Berber proficiency.
He needs to improve his game.
He needs to improve his grades.
He needs to know the truth.
He needs to know what's going on.
He needs to learn Berber.
He needs to learn all of this as soon as possible.
He needs to learn how to fix his computer.
He needs to learn how to read between the lines.
He needs to learn how to stand up for himself.
He needs to learn to delegate.
He needs to leave and rent a house at the beach.
He needs to leave now if he wants to make it to the next appointment.
He needs to leave.
He needs to link his actions to his goals.
He needs to listen to her.
He needs to look on the bright side.
He needs to lower his expectations.
He needs to lower his standards.
He needs to make a decision.
He needs to make an accurate report of the case.
He needs to make an urgent telephone call.
He needs to make money.
He needs to manage his priorities.
He needs to manage his time better.
He needs to measure his blood pressure every day.
He needs to move past it.
He needs to move to Kabylie, Algeria, in order to become fluent in Berber.
He needs to narrow down his options.
He needs to organize his room.
He needs to overcome his fear of spiders.
He needs to overcome the trauma he had been through.
He needs to pay his own debts.
He needs to pay his rent today.
He needs to pay what he owes.
He needs to pay.
He needs to pick up some flowers first.
He needs to practice piano.
He needs to practice.
He needs to practise.
He needs to print a book.
He needs to put a full-page ad in the newspaper.
He needs to read through all the details one more time.
He needs to recognize that.
He needs to redo his CV.
He needs to regain his strength.
He needs to relax.
He needs to relieve himself.
He needs to renew his passport before the fifteenth of this month.
He needs to renew his passport.
He needs to rest in bed.
He needs to return.
He needs to rewrite his CV.
He needs to rewrite the report.
He needs to save money.
He needs to see a specialist.
He needs to see his lawyer.
He needs to see you in his office.
He needs to sell his other house.
He needs to set clear deadlines.
He needs to set up a whole system to manage this.
He needs to sit there.
He needs to sort it out himself.
He needs to speak Berber.
He needs to speak English.
He needs to start ASAP.
He needs to stay here with her.
He needs to stay where he is.
He needs to stop her.
He needs to study for the math exam.
He needs to study more if he hopes to pass this class.
He needs to study the Quran.
He needs to study.
He needs to take a long, hard look at himself.
He needs to take a shit.
He needs to take better care of himself.
He needs to take his medication.
He needs to take that cash.
He needs to take that medication.
He needs to take this with a grain of salt.
He needs to take time to look.
He needs to talk to her brother.
He needs to talk to her himself.
He needs to talk to her.
He needs to talk to his lawyer.
He needs to talk to his manager.
He needs to talk to the imam.
He needs to team up with other players.
He needs to tell her what he wants her to do.
He needs to tend to his olive plantation on the other side of the valley.
He needs to think of something better than that.
He needs to think things through.
He needs to travel to England this summer.
He needs to understand the importance of things.
He needs to update his website.
He needs to visit the toilet.
He needs to wait for her.
He needs to wait.
He needs to wake up.
He needs to wash his face.
He needs to wash the dishes.
He needs to watch his back.
He needs to win.
He needs to work continually day and night.
He needs to work hard and go to college.
He needs to work on the project.
He needs us to help him.
He needs us to show him the way.
He needs us.
He needs vitamins.
He needs water.
He needs work.
He needs you in his office.
He needs you.
He needs your full name.
He needs your help.
He neglected his baby in the bassinet.
He neglected his duties.
He neglected his family.
He neglected his health and now he's sick in bed.
He neglected his health and now he’s sick in bed.
He neglected his studies.
He neglected his work.
He neglected the work they gave him.
He neglected to schedule time to go to the dentist.
He neglected to write her.
He neglects his studies.
He negotiated a free trade agreement with Canada.
He negotiated a lower price with the real estate agent.
He negotiated with honesty.
He negotiated with integrity.
He negotiates new contracts in Russia.
He neither ate nor drank.
He neither confirmed nor denied the rumors.
He neither dances nor enjoys himself for the drummers.
He neither dances nor rejoices for the drum players.
He neither entered, nor exited.
He neither refused nor accepted.
He neither smokes nor drinks.
He neither spoke nor wept, but went out in silence.
He neither stayed, nor left.
He neither wrote nor sent anything.
He neither wrote nor telephoned.
He nervously got to his feet.
He nervously looks over to her.
He nervously opened the front door.
He nervously rang the bell.
He nervously shuffled his feet.
He nervously tapped his foot during the interview.
He never abandoned Mary.
He never accepted Islam.
He never accompanied me to the party.
He never admits that he's wrong.
He never admitted he was wrong.
He never agrees with her.
He never agrees with me on anything.
He never answers phone calls.
He never answers the door.
He never apologized to me.
He never appears before nine o'clock.
He never appears before nine o’clock.
He never applied to Algerian citizenship.
He never arrives on time.
He never asked about her.
He never asked me to dance.
He never asked me to help him.
He never asked me.
He never asked permission to do his belly button piercing.
He never asked permission to get his belly button pierced.
He never asked to move to Australia.
He never asked where she was from.
He never asked.
He never ate the meat.
He never became Muslim.
He never became a Muslim.
He never became an imam.
He never becomes satisfied.
He never believed in God.
He never believed in Islam.
He never believed in evil spirits.
He never believes in paying any more for a thing than is necessary.
He never boasted of his success.
He never borrows nor lends things.
He never bothered to mention it to me.
He never bothered to tell her.
He never bought a dog.
He never brags about his success.
He never breaks a sweat.
He never breaks his habit.
He never breaks his promise.
He never breaks his promises.
He never breaks promises.
He never brings the paycheck home.
He never brushes his teeth.
He never buys cheap stuff.
He never buys dish washer detergent.
He never buys new clothes.
He never buys paper towels.
He never called back.
He never called himself Muslim.
He never called me back.
He never called.
He never calls around this time.
He never calls.
He never came across any other person like that.
He never came back.
He never came out of his coma.
He never came to Algeria.
He never came to Kabylie to visit me.
He never came.
He never cared about her.
He never cared much for me.
He never caught our eye.
He never celebrated Christmas.
He never changed his name after becoming a Muslim.
He never changed his name after converting to Islam.
He never changed.
He never changes his opinion, even when confronted with the contradictions between his beliefs.
He never cheated on his wife.
He never cheats.
He never checked her phone.
He never checked the time.
He never cleans his bike.
He never comes on time.
He never comes to Algeria.
He never comes without complaining of others.
He never comes.
He never competed in the spelling bee.
He never complained about anything.
He never complained about his job.
He never complained about the smell.
He never complained.
He never complains about his job.
He never complains about the noise.
He never complains.
He never considered retiring.
He never converted to Islam.
He never cooks.
He never could hide a secret from her.
He never counts on my help.
He never cried.
He never cries.
He never crossed the threshold of my house.
He never dances.
He never dates older women.
He never denied he did that.
He never denied that he did that.
He never denied that he killed her.
He never despaired in life.
He never did anything to hurt her.
He never did finish his homework.
He never did his work anyhow.
He never did it.
He never did like her.
He never did more than kiss my hand.
He never did that.
He never did the work.
He never did what he said he'd do.
He never did what you say he did.
He never discussed that with her.
He never discusses his work with her.
He never distinguished himself by his eloquence.
He never does anything but she smells it out.
He never does anything on his own.
He never does that by himself.
He never does that on his own.
He never doubted her faithfulness.
He never doubted himself.
He never doubted the validity of this theory.
He never dreams.
He never drew the curtain.
He never drew the curtains.
He never drinks alcohol.
He never drinks beer at home.
He never drinks except on special occasions.
He never drinks milk from the carton.
He never drinks milk out of the carton.
He never drinks save on special occasions.
He never drinks with his students.
He never drinks without complaining about his son.
He never drove.
He never eats meat.
He never eats mucver.
He never eats vegetables.
He never eats with his hands.
He never even knew his father.
He never even noticed her.
He never even said goodbye to her.
He never even saw her.
He never even talked to her.
He never even tried to kiss her.
He never even tried to kiss me.
He never existed.
He never expects a straight answer from her.
He never explained why he did that.
He never explained why he disappeared all of a sudden.
He never explained why he was late.
He never failed to keep his promise.
He never fails to call his mother on her birthday.
He never fails to come here at three.
He never fails to come to see me every day.
He never fails to do what he says.
He never fails to give her a birthday present.
He never fails to keep his word with his friends.
He never fails to make some comment about the way she's dressed.
He never fails to make some comment about the way she’s dressed.
He never fails to send a birthday present to his father.
He never fails to write home once a month.
He never fails to write to her every week.
He never fails to write to his mother every day.
He never fails to write to his mother every month.
He never fails to write to his mother every week.
He never fails to write to his parents once a month.
He never fails write to his parents once a month.
He never fails.
He never falls.
He never fasted Ramadan in his life.
He never fasted.
He never felt a spiritual fulfillment in the mosque.
He never felt comfortable expressing his own opinion.
He never felt good.
He never felt sorry for converting to Islam.
He never felt sorry for himself.
He never felt tired.
He never fights.
He never finishes his homework.
He never followed her.
He never forgave her.
He never forgave himself for that.
He never forgave himself.
He never forgave me for it.
He never forgets his money.
He never forgets to give her a birthday present.
He never forgets to pay a bill.
He never forgets to pay his rent.
He never forgets to write to his mother every week.
He never forgot her.
He never forgot his ambition to become a great politician.
He never forgot his ambition to become a great statesman.
He never forgot his ambition to become a leading politician.
He never forgot to do his homework.
He never forgot to pay his rent.
He never forgot.
He never fought.
He never found a beach.
He never found love again after Skura.
He never found out the truth.
He never frequented that road.
He never fully recovered from his injuries.
He never fully recovered from his trauma.
He never fully recovered from the ordeal.
He never gained her father's approval.
He never gave anything to anybody.
He never gave in to temptation.
He never gave up hope that he would reach that goal.
He never gave up hoping.
He never gave up on himself.
He never gave up on life.
He never gave up on the project.
He never gave way to temptation.
He never gets any peace.
He never gets anything for his birthday.
He never gets into an argument without losing his temper.
He never gets invited to parties.
He never gets our orders wrong.
He never gets tired.
He never gets to know a woman before he beds her.
He never gets up early in the morning.
He never gives away any of his money.
He never gives in to what I say.
He never gives second chances.
He never gives up on his dreams.
He never goes against his parents.
He never goes anywhere by himself.
He never goes kayaking by himself.
He never goes kayaking in that area.
He never goes out after dark.
He never goes out fishing without taking his son.
He never goes out late at night.
He never goes to a gathering.
He never goes to a meeting.
He never goes to an assembly.
He never goes to school on the bus.
He never goes to the mosque.
He never got a chance to enjoy life.
He never got a chance to talk to her.
He never got a girlfriend.
He never got a holiday.
He never got a return call.
He never got beyond the basics.
He never got his belly button pierced.
He never got his money back.
He never got into an argument with the teachers.
He never got into mischief.
He never got into trouble.
He never got on the train.
He never got out of his car.
He never got over her.
He never got suspended.
He never got the chance to learn how to bake.
He never got to meet her.
He never got to thank her.
He never got up before 10 o'clock.
He never graduated from high school.
He never graduated.
He never had a chance, did he?
He never had a holiday.
He never had a strict Muslim upbringing.
He never had chicken pox as a child.
He never had enough food to give to someone else.
He never had men who followed him by reason of affection and good-will.
He never had success with women.
He never had the chance to learn Berber.
He never had the opportunity to go to that mosque.
He never had the opportunity to learn Berber.
He never had the opportunity to visit that mosque.
He never had the talent of composing melodies.
He never had time to learn Berber.
He never harboured doubts about the validity of this theory.
He never has a kind word for anyone.
He never has a pencil with him.
He never has time for the kids anymore.
He never heard about it.
He never heard about me.
He never heard of Algeria.
He never hears what I'm trying to say.
He never hears what I’m trying to say.
He never held her hand.
He never helps me out.
He never helps me wash the dishes. He’s way too lazy.
He never hit her.
He never hit me.
He never hurt her.
He never intended to hurt her.
He never interfered with the beasts of the forest, lest his friends the Knooks should become angry.
He never jokes about his job.
He never jokes.
He never keeps his word.
He never kept anything from her.
He never kissed her.
He never kisses me.
He never knew her.
He never knew his father.
He never knew his parents.
He never knew that.
He never knew what hit him.
He never knows what is going on in his house.
He never lacked for female companionship.
He never laid a hand on her.
He never laughs at my jokes.
He never laughs when I tell him a joke.
He never laughs.
He never lay down under the power.
He never learns. We've hold him many times not to trust strangers, but he's fallen prisoner yet again to his own good hearted nature.
He never leaves her.
He never leaves his residence.
He never left Kabylie, Algeria.
He never left a message.
He never left her side.
He never left his room yesterday.
He never left the house yesterday.
He never left.
He never let me into his house.
He never lets a dull moment settle in when you're sitting around him, he always fill up other people's lives with great enthusiasm.
He never lets any boy close to you.
He never lets anyone do anything.
He never lets facts get in the way of his narrative.
He never lets his beliefs get in the way of his actions.
He never lets his beliefs get in the way of his duty.
He never lets his guard down.
He never lied.
He never lies to me.
He never lies.
He never liked her.
He never listens to his mother.
He never listens to me.
He never listens to the teacher.
He never listens to what I am trying to say.
He never listens to what his father says.
He never listens.
He never lived in Kabylie.
He never locks his door.
He never locks his doors.
He never locks the door.
He never looked at her.
He never looked back again.
He never looked back.
He never looked down on the poor.
He never looked for her.
He never looked for him.
He never looked for it.
He never looked me in the eye.
He never looks down on poor people.
He never looks down upon others.
He never loses his cool.
He never loses his curiosity; he is, as it were, an eternal youth.
He never loses his head.
He never loses hope.
He never lost a ship.
He never lost his Islamic identity.
He never lost his Kabyle accent even in Canada.
He never lost his Kabyle accent.
He never lost his composure.
He never lost his sense of humor.
He never lost his strong Kabyle accent.
He never lost his whimsical longing for adventure.
He never lost hope in this world.
He never made a display of his learning.
He never made it back home.
He never makes a plan without putting it into practice.
He never makes a show of his learning.
He never makes his bed.
He never married.
He never meant to hurt her.
He never mentioned he had a sister.
He never mentioned he was married.
He never mentioned her.
He never mentioned it again.
He never met a Muslim his entire life.
He never met any Muslims in Hong Kong.
He never met her.
He never missed a delivery date.
He never missed a parade.
He never missed a payment.
He never missed any occasion to visit the museum.
He never misses a chance to belittle me.
He never misses reading the papers every day.
He never misses reading the papers every morning.
He never misses.
He never mixed with Muslims.
He never observed Christmas.
He never opens his mouth without complaining about something.
He never participates in any get-togethers.
He never participates in any reunions.
He never pays attention to what I say.
He never pays his parking tickets.
He never pays his rent on time.
He never pays much attention to what his teacher says.
He never pays much attention to what the teacher says.
He never pays the bills.
He never pays the rent on time.
He never pushed her.
He never puts off anything he has to do.
He never quarrels with his wife in public.
He never quit the music business.
He never raises his voice.
He never ran into any dangerous situation while hiking.
He never read Tom's novel.
He never read a Berber book.
He never read the Quran.
He never reads newspapers.
He never reads.
He never really considered converting to Islam.
He never really considered studying Islam.
He never really embraced Islam.
He never really got over her death.
He never really got over her.
He never really got over it.
He never really had any friends.
He never really talked about Islam.
He never really talked about his conversion to Islam.
He never really trusted her.
He never received dawah from anybody.
He never receives visitors.
He never recovered from his death.
He never recovered from the death of his son.
He never referred to the incident again.
He never regrets having eaten too little.
He never remarried after the divorce.
He never replied.
He never reported Skura's fake death.
He never reported that to the police.
He never returned from that expedition.
He never revealed the combination to the safe.
He never rides the bus to and from school.
He never said anything about Islam.
He never said anything about this.
He never said anything to us about Islam.
He never said anything to us.
He never said anything.
He never said he hated her.
He never said he wanted to do that.
He never said he wasn't married.
He never said he would do that.
He never said he would help us.
He never said he'd go with us.
He never said her name on the phone.
He never said it again.
He never said no.
He never said that again.
He never said that he wanted to go.
He never said that word.
He never said that, as far as I know.
He never said that.
He never said what you say he did.
He never said where he'd first met her.
He never saves money for a rainy day.
He never saw Algeria again.
He never saw Linda.
He never saw Mary again.
He never saw Nuja at school again.
He never saw Tom again.
He never saw her again.
He never saw her.
He never saw him again.
He never saw his brother again.
He never saw his father again.
He never saw his mother again.
He never saw his parents again.
He never saw his sister again.
He never saw it.
He never saw that show.
He never says hi to me.
He never says no to food.
He never says no when people ask him for something, and because of that, naturally, everybody takes advantage of him for virtually everything.
He never says thanks in spite of all that I've done for him.
He never says thanks in spite of all that I’ve done for him.
He never seemed to accomplish anything.
He never seems to be any older.
He never seems to feel the cold.
He never seems to grow older.
He never seems to know what to say.
He never sees me without complaining about his wife.
He never sent her anything in his entire life.
He never set his foot on the mount between Bethel and Hai; but he wrote with the most minute geographical accuracy.
He never set out to work in the computer field or in business, and he certainly had no notions of becoming massively wealthy. He’s a multi-billionaire, for the record. No, what Reid Hoffman planned on becoming was a professor of philosophy. He’s still happy to expound upon the differences between analytic philosophers and continental philosophers. He knows his empiricism from his logical positivism, and as you’ll hear, computers found a way into his philosophy.
He never shared his vulnerabilities.
He never shares his toys with other kids.
He never should've gone there by himself.
He never should've kissed her.
He never should've quit his job.
He never should've told her that he loved her.
He never shouts.
He never showed up again.
He never showed up in the area again.
He never showed up.
He never showed.
He never shrinks from danger.
He never skirts around problems.
He never sleeps.
He never smiles.
He never so much as called us after our son's death.
He never speaks English without making a few mistakes.
He never speaks English without making mistakes.
He never speaks English.
He never speaks of his own job.
He never speaks of the accident.
He never speaks to me.
He never speaks unless spoken to.
He never speaks.
He never spoke about God.
He never spoke about John.
He never spoke in Berber.
He never spoke of the softer passions, save with a gibe and a sneer.
He never spoke the truth.
He never stands up to her father.
He never stands up to his father.
He never stays long.
He never stepped on that rug.
He never sticks to anything very long.
He never stood out particularly; he was just there.
He never stopped hoping.
He never stopped looking for her.
He never stopped loving her.
He never stopped writing.
He never stops bringing up the other guys I've dated.
He never stops griping about something.
He never stops talking.
He never stops to take a breath when he speaks.
He never stops to think.
He never stops.
He never studied Berber grammar.
He never studied in Algeria.
He never studied the Quran.
He never sued Tom.
He never surrenders.
He never sweats.
He never swims by himself.
He never takes any notes in class, but always manages to get good grades.
He never takes any notice of what his father says.
He never takes anything seriously.
He never takes chances.
He never takes his phone to the mosque.
He never takes into account the fact that I am very busy.
He never takes me out for dinner.
He never takes medicine for his cold.
He never takes off his sunglasses.
He never takes the train.
He never talked about her.
He never talked about his beliefs.
He never talked about his past.
He never talked about it.
He never talked about religion.
He never talked about the trauma he suffered as a child.
He never talked to those people.
He never talked to us about it.
He never talked to us.
He never talked.
He never talks about Islam.
He never talks about his childhood.
He never talks about his children.
He never talks about his exes.
He never talks about his family.
He never talks about his feelings.
He never talks about his job.
He never talks about his kids.
He never talks about his married life.
He never talks about his personal life.
He never talks about his work.
He never talks about politics.
He never talks about the accident.
He never talks about work at the table.
He never talks back to the elders.
He never talks to me.
He never taught English.
He never tells a lie.
He never tells lies.
He never tells the truth.
He never tells us anything.
He never texted her.
He never texts back.
He never texts me back in Berber.
He never thinks about him.
He never thinks of others, only himself.
He never thought I'd become a Muslim.
He never thought about his sister living in the village.
He never thought anything bad about her.
He never thought of them as well-to-do because they only had one house.
He never throws things in the house.
He never tires of making love to her.
He never tires of watching him.
He never told anyone.
He never told her about the audition.
He never told her anything about that.
He never told her how much he loved her.
He never told her where he hid the diamonds.
He never told him the truth.
He never told his mom about his belly button piercing.
He never told his mom about this.
He never told his parents he was Muslim.
He never told me a lot about Islam.
He never told me about Islam.
He never told me anything about it.
He never told me he didn't like her.
He never told me he had a dog.
He never told me he had a horse.
He never told me he loved me.
He never told me he used to be married to her.
He never told me he was a cop.
He never told me he was afraid of her.
He never told me he was engaged.
He never told me he was married.
He never told me his last name.
He never told me his name.
He never told me how he met her.
He never told me that he had a dog.
He never told me that.
He never told me to read the Quran.
He never told me what he wanted.
He never told me where he lived.
He never told me where he was from.
He never told me where he worked.
He never told me why he did that.
He never told me why he didn't like her.
He never told me why he didn't win.
He never told me why he was here.
He never told me why.
He never told me.
He never told them he was Algerian.
He never told us how it happened.
He never told us much about himself.
He never took a single day off.
He never took his eyes off her.
He never touched the gun.
He never touched wine.
He never touches alcoholic drinks.
He never touches the stove.
He never translates my sentences.
He never traveled to Algeria.
He never travels with faulty equipment.
He never travels without taking an alarm clock with him.
He never tried to convince his Jewish wife to convert to Islam.
He never tried to do it with me.
He never tried to force me to convert to Islam.
He never tried to kiss her.
He never trusted her.
He never trusts stray dogs.
He never turned back again.
He never turns away a customer.
He never turns down money.
He never turns his back on a friend in need.
He never turns up without making a fuss.
He never understands; his head is hard as a stone.
He never understood that.
He never used a screwdriver.
He never used to smoke, but he does now.
He never used your towels.
He never uses a computer mouse.
He never uses that copy machine.
He never uses those towels.
He never vacuums at night.
He never varies his routine.
He never ventured outside of Algiers.
He never visited Kabylie.
He never visited her.
He never visited him.
He never visits Algeria.
He never visits us without bringing some presents for my children.
He never wanted to be an imam.
He never wanted to help his mates.
He never was a Muslim.
He never was very friendly to her.
He never was very kind to her.
He never washes his car.
He never watches TV.
He never watches television in the dark.
He never watches television.
He never wears a tie.
He never wears blue.
He never wears socks.
He never went back to Iraq.
He never went into that place again.
He never went out.
He never went to Algeria.
He never went to Algiers.
He never went to Kabylie.
He never went to the hospital.
He never wins.
He never woke up.
He never won.
He never wore glasses.
He never worked a day in his life.
He never works on Sunday.
He never worried about her.
He never worries about her.
He never worries about minor details.
He never worries about money.
He never would've dated someone like her.
He never wrote back to her.
He never wrote back.
He never wrote me back.
He never, ever went to Kabylie.
He nibbled a few bites and got up.
He nicks all sorts of stuff.
He nicks anything and everything.
He no longer despises her.
He no longer feels attraction to women.
He no longer goes out with her.
He no longer has a fever.
He no longer has a sore elbow.
He no longer hides it.
He no longer knows what to do to console the girl.
He no longer lived in that house.
He no longer lives here.
He no longer lives in Algeria.
He no longer lives in the house next door.
He no longer loves her.
He no longer masters Kabyle.
He no longer remembers what occurred.
He no longer remembers where he left his key.
He no longer speaks to his daughters.
He no longer trusts her.
He no longer understands things.
He no longer works as a chef.
He no longer works as a cook.
He no longer works as a teacher.
He no longer works here.
He nodded OK.
He nodded again.
He nodded as much as to say that he agreed.
He nodded as much as to say, I agree.
He nodded back.
He nodded encouragingly.
He nodded his agreement.
He nodded his approval.
He nodded his head a few times.
He nodded his head and left.
He nodded his head in agreement.
He nodded his head in approval.
He nodded his head in thanks.
He nodded his head yes.
He nodded his head.
He nodded in agreement.
He nodded in response to my question.
He nodded off in the cinema.
He nodded off on the job.
He nodded once.
He nodded slightly to her.
He nodded slowly in comprehension.
He nodded to her approvingly.
He nodded to her to come along.
He nodded to me as he passed.
He nodded to me.
He nodded to show that he agreed with me.
He nodded to show that he approved of my plan.
He nodded when I asked if he understood.
He nodded yes.
He nodded.
He nods and shakes the spheres.
He nods as if to say "of course".
He not only denied that he was her friend, but that he even knew her.
He not only does not work but will not find a job.
He not only gave us new clothes, but even some money.
He not only graduated from studying sociology, but also philosophy.
He not only has a job but does the housework.
He not only likes music, but also sports.
He not only made the plan of a new house but built it himself.
He not only speaks English, he speaks French as well.
He not only speaks English, he speaks French, too.
He not only speaks French, but he speaks Spanish, too.
He noted that a serious global recession was very likely and that workers could be financially devastated, necessitating dramatic preventative action.
He noted that lower areas hit with unusually strong downpours had the worst flooding.
He noted that not all cases of infection will be reported, because only mild symptoms are suffered.
He noted that the problem must be handled carefully.
He noted the tree plantation program is also generating tens of thousands of new employment opportunities and is expected to create about 1.5 million jobs over the next three years when the government will have hit the target of nearly 3.3 billion trees.
He noticed I was there.
He noticed a bird flying low.
He noticed a change in her.
He noticed a dark blue sedan pull up behind the truck.
He noticed a deer in the taiga.
He noticed a hole in his jacket, but he tried to ignore it.
He noticed a letter on the desk.
He noticed a roach on the wall.
He noticed a rowing boat in the distance.
He noticed her baby bump.
He noticed her bracelet on her desk and wondered why she wasn't wearing it.
He noticed her embarrassment.
He noticed her redone make-up.
He noticed her.
He noticed his injured leg.
He noticed how thin she was.
He noticed it.
He noticed my expression.
He noticed my presence.
He noticed she didn't seem to be enjoying herself.
He noticed she wasn't wearing the ring he'd given her.
He noticed something about her.
He noticed straight away.
He noticed that I was there.
He noticed that all the doors were locked.
He noticed that his hands weren't clean.
He noticed that she was sitting in the corner by herself.
He noticed that someone was standing behind her.
He noticed that this drug seemed to inhibit bacterial growth.
He noticed that.
He noticed the coincidence.
He noticed the concern on her face.
He noticed the glow.
He noticed the loose button on her coat.
He noticed the sandwich.
He noticed the sparkle in her eyes.
He noticed the wrinkles around her eyes and some white hairs.
He noticed.
He notices a thousand times a day the difference.
He notified both the school and the police.
He notified her parents of the accident.
He notified me that he would start at three.
He notified the police of the traffic accident.
He now actually began to study Latin seriously.
He now felt glad at having suffered sorrow and trouble, because it enabled him to enjoy so much better all the pleasure and happiness around him.
He now has the password.
He now knows that he shouldn't have borrowed money from her.
He now knows what he has to do.
He now lives in Bejaia, in Algeria.
He now lives with his dad.
He now lives with his mom.
He now off-handedly admits that he made it all up.
He now owns and operates his own plastic recycling business in Algeria.
He now snatched up his hat, and took his leave with the air of a man who had not another moment to lose.
He now was sixty-eight years old and a sick man.
He now works as a waiter.
He now works as an electrician in Algeria.
He now works at a supermarket.
He now works at the post office.
He now works for her.
He now works in Algeria.
He now works in the special forces.
He nudged her.
He nudged me to go ahead.
He nudged the ball with his toe.
He nudges her when he wants her attention.
He obeyed Skura.
He obeyed her.
He obeyed him.
He obeyed.
He obeys her.
He obeys him.
He obeys in school, but at home he is difficult.
He obeys my orders.
He obeys the law to the letter.
He obeys the letter of the law.
He obeys without question.
He objected to being treated like a child.
He objected to his wife working outside.
He objected to my going out yesterday.
He objected to my smoking.
He objected to our plan.
He objected to the opinion of his manager.
He objected to traveling by plane.
He objected.
He objectifies her.
He objects to being treated like a child.
He objects to our plan.
He objects whenever he wants to.
He obligates the rest of his time to his lifelong dream.
He obliged Cinderella to sit down, and, putting the slipper to her little foot, he found it went on very easily, and fitted her as if it had been made of wax.
He observed many types of creatures there.
He observed pandas in their natural habitat.
He observed that it would probably rain.
He observed that we should probably have rain coming.
He observed that we should probably have rain.
He observed that we would probably have rain.
He observed the stars using a telescope.
He observed the wildlife.
He observed this calmly, from a comfortable distance.
He observes the smallest details.
He obtained a diplomatic passport in 2004.
He obtained a dirt bike from a garage sale.
He obtained a picture which Picasso had painted in his later years.
He obtained a post in the company.
He obtained a release from his debt.
He obtained the evidence he needed.
He obtained the job through the good offices of his friend.
He obtained the post through the good offices of a friend.
He obviously didn't hate his father but had a lot of anger.
He obviously didn't know what I was talking about.
He obviously doesn't like her.
He obviously got what he came for.
He obviously knew more than he told his wife.
He obviously knows his stuff.
He obviously lied.
He obviously likes hearing himself talk.
He obviously likes her a lot.
He obviously likes her.
He obviously loves you.
He obviously wants to help her.
He occasionally reads detective novels.
He occasionally visited me.
He occupied all my thoughts.
He occupies a prominent position in the firm.
He offended her.
He offended me for no reason.
He offered Emma a seat.
He offered Rima the job.
He offered Tom a gift.
He offered a big bribe to the politician.
He offered a dress to his wife.
He offered a new perspective.
He offered an alliance.
He offered an olive branch.
He offered her a burrito.
He offered her a little help.
He offered her a ride home.
He offered her champagne and roses.
He offered her her job back.
He offered her his jacket.
He offered him a hot meal.
He offered him a hyacinth.
He offered his arm to her.
He offered his assistance.
He offered his beer to her.
He offered his congratulations on the happy occasion.
He offered his hand with a smile.
He offered his help to us.
He offered his seat to an elderly woman.
He offered his seat to an old lady.
He offered his seat to an old woman.
He offered his support.
He offered me a beer, but I refused.
He offered me a beer.
He offered me a present, which surprised me.
He offered me a present.
He offered me dinner.
He offered me some money in token of gratitude.
He offered me some orange jam.
He offered me tea instead of coffee.
He offered me to go to the theater,but there weren’t any perfomances on that night.
He offered me to stay for dinner.
He offered me to walk me home.
He offered me water to drink.
He offered more than could be expected.
He offered no specific explanation for his strange behavior.
He offered some suggestions.
He offered suggestions.
He offered ten dollars for our old radio.
He offered the gangster a deal.
He offered to buy me Berber books.
He offered to buy me a hot chocolate.
He offered to carry her suitcase, but she told him she wanted to carry it herself.
He offered to carry my baggage.
He offered to carry my books.
He offered to carry the books.
He offered to carry the luggage.
He offered to give her a lift to the bus station.
He offered to give me a lift in his car and drop me off at the station.
He offered to give me a lift to the station.
He offered to help her find her lost puppy.
He offered to help her wash her car.
He offered to help her with her homework.
He offered to help her.
He offered to help me.
He offered to lend me the money.
He offered to pay for the wedding.
He offered to take me to the theater, but there weren't any performances on that night.
He offered to teach her Berber.
He offered us a nightcap.
He offered us boiled rice.
He officially announced himself as a candidate.
He officially announced his candidacy.
He officially announced his candidature.
He often absents himself from meetings.
He often absents himself from school.
He often accepted bad advice.
He often accuses her of never listening to what he says.
He often acted without regard to the feelings of others.
He often acts like a baby when he can't get his way.
He often acts without thinking.
He often addresses her with offensive terms.
He often adopts the behaviors and speech patterns that characterize the advantaged.
He often adopts the behaviours and speech patterns that characterise the advantaged.
He often appears on CNN.
He often appears on TV.
He often argues with her.
He often argues with his wife.
He often asked for alms.
He often asks silly questions.
He often assumes the victim role.
He often attends yoga retreats.
He often attributes his failures to bad luck.
He often attributes his success to his wife.
He often bemoaned the glut of capital sloshing around the industry.
He often borrows books from her.
He often borrows money from her.
He often breaks his promises.
He often breaks his word, but I like him all the same.
He often breaks into the middle of a conversation.
He often breaks promises.
He often brings his umbrella.
He often brings his work home.
He often brings up the topic with excitement.
He often broke curfew to buy drugs.
He often brought myrtle for his classmates at school.
He often bunks off school.
He often burns water while distracted by his phone.
He often calls her names.
He often calls her.
He often changes his mind.
He often chose to do harmful things.
He often comes late to school.
He often comes late.
He often comes later than he promises.
He often comes later than promised.
He often comes to see me.
He often comes.
He often compares himself to others and feels inadequate.
He often complains about his job.
He often complains that he has a toothache.
He often contradicts himself.
He often cooked dinner for her on special occasions.
He often cooks dinner for her.
He often corrects me in front of others.
He often cries when he's drunk.
He often cuts classes on Monday and Saturday.
He often dates Mary.
He often deals with this type of issue.
He often does that by himself.
He often does that for her.
He often does things his parents tell him not to do.
He often doesn't come to school.
He often doesn't keep his promises.
He often dresses in black.
He often drives his father's car.
He often drives his father’s car.
He often drives to the library.
He often drives too fast.
He often dropped in on me.
He often eats Aegean food.
He often eats breakfast by himself.
He often eats breakfast by the window.
He often eats breakfast here.
He often eats breakfast there.
He often eats dinner with her.
He often eats fish for dinner.
He often eats in bed.
He often eats lunch with her.
He often eats out on Saturday nights.
He often eats potatoes.
He often eats there.
He often entertained his friends over the weekend.
He often exercises on the weekend.
He often expresses his thanks to them.
He often fails to keep his promise.
He often fails to keep his word.
He often falls in love.
He often felt sleepy during the day.
He often finds faults in things.
He often forgets to keep his promises.
He often forgets to pay his rent.
He often gets angry about trifles.
He often gets angry at small things.
He often gets coughing fits.
He often gets ear infections.
He often gets sick.
He often gets worked up over little things.
He often goes abroad on business.
He often goes abroad.
He often goes fishing by himself.
He often goes for walks with her.
He often goes in and out of other people's rooms.
He often goes off on wild goose chases.
He often goes on business trips to America.
He often goes out drinking.
He often goes out for meals.
He often goes there by himself.
He often goes to Japan on business.
He often goes to Kabylie, Algeria.
He often goes to Tokyo.
He often goes to the cinema with her.
He often goes to the library by car.
He often goes to the library to read books.
He often goes to the movies together with her.
He often goes to the movies with her.
He often goes to the theatre.
He often goes with her to watch movies.
He often goes without food for days.
He often goest to Tokyo.
He often had a blank stare.
He often hangs out at the park.
He often has fits of coughing.
He often has nightmares.
He often hastens physical intimacy, much to the chagrin of his dates.
He often helps her do her homework.
He often helps her with her homework.
He often helps her.
He often helps others.
He often ignores symptoms of illness.
He often indulges in drinking when he should be working.
He often insults her with his speech.
He often joked about Islam.
He often laughs at his own jokes.
He often leaves his umbrella behind absent-mindedly.
He often leaves his umbrella on a train.
He often leaves his umbrella on the train.
He often leaves work very early.
He often leaves work very late.
He often left the door cracked open.
He often left work very early.
He often lets me use his car.
He often lets me use his computer.
He often lets me use his typewriter.
He often lies about his age.
He often lies on the bed and reads.
He often lies, and as a result, no one believes him.
He often looks back on his high school days.
He often loses his keys.
He often makes fun of her.
He often makes mistakes, but he is no fool.
He often makes mistakes.
He often makes people angry.
He often makes racy remarks just for attention.
He often meets his friends here.
He often misrepresents facts for his advantage.
He often mistakes the time, and is late for his appointments.
He often munches on snacks while watching TV.
He often needs to seek solace in places near water.
He often offends against our agreement.
He often paints landscapes.
He often plays by himself.
He often plays guitar with her.
He often plays guitar.
He often plays in the garden.
He often plays piano.
He often plays stone-paper-scissors.
He often plays the guitar.
He often plays truant.
He often quarrels with her.
He often quarrels with his brother about trifles.
He often quotes Milton.
He often quotes Shakespeare.
He often quotes from Shakespeare.
He often quotes the Bible.
He often reads contemporary authors.
He often reads far into the night.
He often reflects on the impact of his choices.
He often relies on frozen meals for dinner.
He often rests on the sofa after a long day's work.
He often runs errands for her.
He often says that if he could start his life over, he would choose that same role close to nature again.
He often says that we need to help eachother.
He often says that we need to help one another.
He often screens his calls.
He often seeks privacy throughout the day.
He often sees the bottom of the glass.
He often shouts at her in a mean manner.
He often shows his anger.
He often shuts himself up in the study and writes things like this.
He often sings in his car.
He often sings with his friends.
He often sits by me and listens to music.
He often sits for many hours reading books.
He often sits in front of his computer all day.
He often sits up late writing letters.
He often skipped meals.
He often skips meals.
He often skips meetings.
He often skips school.
He often skives off school.
He often smiles.
He often speaks French with her.
He often speaks to her in a rude way.
He often spends his time idly.
He often stands in the way of my work.
He often stays at home in the afternoon.
He often stays away from home on the weekend.
He often stays up late at night.
He often stays up most of the night.
He often stops here.
He often suffered from toothache.
He often suffered from toothaches.
He often surprises her with romantic gestures.
He often swears when he is angry.
He often swears when he's angry.
He often takes a defiant attitude toward us.
He often takes advantage of her ignorance.
He often takes his children to the zoo.
He often takes me for a drive.
He often takes me for a spin.
He often takes the initiative in conversations.
He often talks about her.
He often talks about his work.
He often talks to her disrespectfully.
He often talks to himself when he's alone.
He often talks to himself.
He often talks to his dog.
He often talks with her.
He often teased her.
He often tells me how fantastic sex with her was.
He often tells us we must help one another.
He often thinks about the lives he may have helped create.
He often thinks of you.
He often thinks with his eyes closed.
He often thinks with his eyes shut.
He often thought about her.
He often travels abroad.
He often travels to foreign countries.
He often tries to get rich at a single bound.
He often turned up at parties without an invitation in his days.
He often used to come here for a chat on Sundays.
He often used to stay up until late at night.
He often uses a subway.
He often uses that word incorrectly.
He often uses that word wrongly.
He often uses the metro.
He often uses the slightest thing as a pretext for a fight with anybody.
He often uses the tube.
He often uses the underground.
He often visits his aunt.
He often visits us because he's close to us.
He often volunteers for clean-up projects just for fun.
He often walks to school.
He often walks with his hand in his pocket.
He often watches 10 to 20 porn videos per night.
He often watches TV while eating dinner.
He often watches TV.
He often went fishing on Sundays when the weather was good.
He often went fishing.
He often went swimming in that river.
He often went to that restaurant.
He often went to work in spite of his illness.
He often wins.
He often wore silver bangles.
He often worried his mother.
He often worries about how others perceive him.
He often writes letters to his parents.
He often writes to his parents in Japan.
He often writes to his parents.
He often yells at her.
He often yells at his children.
He ogled a girl outside a pub.
He oiled his bicycle chain.
He oiled the door hinges.
He once belonged to the Fukuda faction.
He once had a lot of land.
He once knew her, but they are no longer friends.
He once lied and told her a rare creature lived in her closet.
He once loved her.
He once mentioned a long time ago that he had boundaries that I could never cross. Now that we're apart, I realize what he said was largely a warning in disguise.
He once mistook salt for sugar in a cake.
He once owned a lot of land.
He once possessed much land.
He once poured a bottle of wine over my head.
He once sailed up the Thames.
He one day ridiculed the short feet and slow pace of his opponent.
He onloaded the crates from the cart.
He only believes in what is not true.
He only blames other people, and never himself.
He only brings good things with him.
He only brings positivity along.
He only calls her when he's feeling horny.
He only calls us when he needs money.
He only cared about himself.
He only cares about himself.
He only cares about money.
He only cares for himself.
He only comes here from time to time.
He only cries when he is hungry.
He only cries when he needs a dry nappy.
He only cries when he's hungry.
He only damages himself.
He only deserves that?
He only did half his homework.
He only did half of his homework.
He only did it because he had to.
He only did what he had to do.
He only does that when he's angry.
He only does that when he's drunk.
He only does that when he's sleepy.
He only does that when he's tired.
He only does that when he's upset.
He only does what I tell him to do.
He only does what he can.
He only does what he has to do.
He only does what he is capable of.
He only does what he needs to do.
He only does what he wants to do.
He only does what he's asked to do.
He only drinks that brand of beer.
He only drinks water from my small jar.
He only drinks water.
He only eats fish because he's a cat.
He only eats fruit.
He only eats lean meats and vegetables.
He only eats organic food.
He only eats pizza.
He only eats potatoes.
He only eats salads.
He only eats vegetables that he grows himself.
He only ever eats the same thing.
He only extracted a crumb from it.
He only feeds on milk and vegetables.
He only got a tiny bit from it.
He only had 100 dollars.
He only had a few seconds.
He only had eyes for her.
He only had one thing in mind.
He only had three dollars with him.
He only had time to nod in response.
He only harms himself.
He only has a slight foreign accent.
He only has eyes for her.
He only has faith in falsehoods.
He only has four pesos.
He only has one attempt.
He only has one client.
He only has one goal in life: to have money.
He only has one option.
He only has one try.
He only hikes in the morning.
He only hires friends and family.
He only hires people on the spectrum.
He only hires people who are friends of friends.
He only hurts himself.
He only invited close friends to the wedding.
He only kissed me once.
He only knew German.
He only knew how to speak German.
He only knows how to laugh!
He only knows how to multiply words.
He only knows how to strum the guitar.
He only knows insult.
He only left me a few morsels.
He only let Nuja out of the house for school.
He only likes Polish girls with blue-green eyes.
He only listens to rock bands from the fifties.
He only listens without understanding.
He only lived a short time, but he did so intensely.
He only lived there for four months before he moved out.
He only looks out for himself.
He only managed to bowl down one skittle out of nine.
He only messes up.
He only needs food and rest to live.
He only owns four towels.
He only paid ten dollars for that shirt.
He only reads prose.
He only reads the Financial and Political sections.
He only saw his girlfriend on Sundays.
He only says these things as a joke.
He only screams when he's hungry.
He only slept for three hours last night.
He only speaks Berber to his children.
He only speaks Berber.
He only speaks English and German, and I don't understand any of them.
He only speaks one language.
He only spent one night at that hotel.
He only spent ten liras for his lunch.
He only spoke German.
He only stayed inside the cave for a minute.
He only stayed with us for a bit.
He only stayed with us for a short while.
He only studied for four years in Algeria.
He only swears when he's angry.
He only takes candid pictures, so he doesn't ask people to pose.
He only takes off his mask to eat and drink.
He only talks about the Tatoeba site.
He only talks about them.
He only thinks about himself.
He only thinks of her.
He only told me.
He only told that story to scare the children.
He only took a grain from it.
He only took off his skull cap in the shower.
He only trusts in lies.
He only turns it on when he has to.
He only wanted guns and ammunition.
He only wanted to make his mother happy.
He only wants a little affection.
He only wants a little love.
He only wants some attention.
He only wants to be noticed.
He only wears a suit on special occasions.
He only wears his glasses to drive.
He only wears pants.
He only wears sports clothes.
He only went out to try on his new shoes.
He only who has lived with the beautiful can die beautifully.
He only wore those shoes once.
He only works during the day.
He only works inside the warehouse.
He only writes the truth.
He ony sold a few copies of the book.
He opened a bakery.
He opened a bank account in Algeria.
He opened a beer for her.
He opened a bottle of whiskey at his home yesterday.
He opened a business in Algeria.
He opened a can of worms.
He opened a checking account with the bank.
He opened a compartment under the bus and started to fix the engine.
He opened a gym in Algiers.
He opened a hookah bar in Kabylie, Algeria.
He opened a law firm.
He opened a law office in Cincinnati.
He opened a mosque in London.
He opened a new business in Algeria.
He opened a new office in Algiers.
He opened a newspaper and covered the dead child.
He opened a packet of biscuits.
He opened a restaurant in Algiers.
He opened all the gas valves and lay down on the bed.
He opened an Amazon store.
He opened another bottle.
He opened her lunch box.
He opened his backpack.
He opened his bag.
He opened his beer and took a sip.
He opened his book to read.
He opened his book.
He opened his desk drawer.
He opened his duffel bag, took out a stereo and placed it on the lawn.
He opened his eyes again.
He opened his eyes and looked at me.
He opened his eyes and saw her.
He opened his eyes and saw that the candle on the table was still burning.
He opened his eyes and saw that the candle was still burning on the table.
He opened his eyes once more.
He opened his eyes so wide without managing to see her.
He opened his eyes very wide.
He opened his eyes wide.
He opened his eyes, looked about him and then jumped out of the bed.
He opened his eyes.
He opened his laptop.
He opened his locker.
He opened his lunch box.
He opened his mouth as if to speak, but didn't say anything.
He opened his mouth to interrupt.
He opened his mouth to protest.
He opened his mouth to say something, but she interrupted him.
He opened his mouth to scream.
He opened his mouth to speak.
He opened his mouth wide.
He opened his mouth.
He opened his notebook.
He opened his own dance studio.
He opened his own dental office.
He opened his own restaurant.
He opened his present.
He opened his suitcase.
He opened his window.
He opened it.
He opened like this.
He opened new galleries in New York, Paris, and Milan.
He opened the Quran and started reading.
He opened the Quran and started reciting.
He opened the bag's zipper.
He opened the bag.
He opened the book and read eight pages.
He opened the boot.
He opened the bottle for her.
He opened the bottle.
He opened the box.
He opened the cage and set the birds free.
He opened the cages.
He opened the car door for her.
He opened the casement to let in the fresh air.
He opened the chess game with a modern defense.
He opened the curtains.
He opened the door and held it for her.
He opened the door and held it open for her.
He opened the door and let me in.
He opened the door and stepped inside.
He opened the door and the dog ran out.
He opened the door and was surprised to see her.
He opened the door for her.
He opened the door for him.
He opened the door for the guests.
He opened the door of the car.
He opened the door of the mosque and walked in there.
He opened the door right away.
He opened the door sleepily.
He opened the door to his office.
He opened the door to see if he could hear anything.
He opened the door!
He opened the door, even though I asked him not to.
He opened the door, expecting to see her.
He opened the door, only to find the room empty.
He opened the door, though I told him not to.
He opened the door, though he shouldn't have.
He opened the door.
He opened the doors.
He opened the drawer, and took out a letter.
He opened the dryer and took his towel out.
He opened the entrance.
He opened the envelope only to be disappointed.
He opened the envelope.
He opened the envelopes.
He opened the front door and greeted her.
He opened the garage door and proceeded to leave.
He opened the gate for her.
He opened the gate for the truck.
He opened the gate.
He opened the gateway to an enchanted world.
He opened the gateway to another dimension.
He opened the gifts.
He opened the letter and tossed the envelope into the paper bin.
He opened the letter.
He opened the letters.
He opened the mosque at four in the morning.
He opened the mussels with a knife.
He opened the notebook.
He opened the passenger door for her.
He opened the tap and the water started to flow.
He opened the window for the other robbers.
He opened the window to feel the breeze.
He opened the window to get some fresh air.
He opened the window to let in some fresh air.
He opened the window to ventilate the room.
He opened the window.
He opened the windows again.
He opened the windows to let the fly out.
He opened their eyes.
He opened up a hotel.
He opened up a world to me.
He opened up about his desires.
He opened up his heart to her.
He opened up the verbal battle.
He opened up the window.
He opened up the windows.
He opened up.
He opened with a joke.
He opened.
He openly confessed his faults.
He openly criticizes the Algerian regime.
He opens his eyes so widely they tear at the corners.
He opens the door.
He opens the letter.
He opens the notebook.
He opens the window.
He operated the new machine.
He opposed our suggestions.
He opposed the plan to the last.
He opposed the plan.
He opposes me at every turn.
He opposes racism.
He opposes this initiative.
He opposes this project.
He oppresses.
He or I am to blame.
He or she cooked the salmon.
He or she has 30 days in which to invoke the protection of Section 37.9(g).
He or she is a programmer.
He ordered a bacon cheeseburger.
He ordered a beer.
He ordered a book from a publisher in the United States.
He ordered a chop suey.
He ordered a computer online.
He ordered a computer.
He ordered a cup of tea.
He ordered a few DNA test kits.
He ordered a glass of beer.
He ordered a new bridge to be built to replace the old one.
He ordered a pizza.
He ordered a salad.
He ordered a thousand bottles of olive oil.
He ordered a turkey and avocado sandwich.
He ordered a two-topping pizza.
He ordered all the documents to be presented.
He ordered also to be brought out for every one of them two robes: but to Benjamin he gave three hundred pieces of silver, with five robes of the best, sending to his father as much money and raiment; adding besides, ten he-asses, to carry off all the riches of Egypt, and as many she-asses, carrying wheat and bread for the journey.
He ordered an army officer to go with them.
He ordered another bouquet.
He ordered another hat from the same shop.
He ordered beans and they tasted delicious after all the physical exercise.
He ordered beer for himself and red wine for her.
He ordered champagne.
He ordered couscous.
He ordered drinks.
He ordered everything he needed.
He ordered food and drinks.
He ordered food.
He ordered four chocolate milkshakes.
He ordered halal food.
He ordered her to come out.
He ordered him to go home.
He ordered his favorite dessert.
He ordered lilies.
He ordered me to clean the room.
He ordered me to go alone.
He ordered me to go to bed early.
He ordered me to leave the room at once.
He ordered me to stand up.
He ordered me to stop.
He ordered me to sweep the room.
He ordered new towels.
He ordered one grilled fish dinner.
He ordered one.
He ordered origami flowers.
He ordered pizza.
He ordered room service.
He ordered some Chinese food.
He ordered some food.
He ordered some pie and so did she.
He ordered something nice for dinner.
He ordered spaghetti.
He ordered takeout.
He ordered that everybody get up at six.
He ordered the book from the publisher in the United States.
He ordered the boys not to shout in the classroom.
He ordered the dog to sit.
He ordered the execution of the defeated gladiators.
He ordered the murders.
He ordered them back to the fort.
He ordered them to release the prisoner.
He ordered them to release the prisoners.
He ordered them to survey population growth.
He ordered this from Algeria.
He ordered this.
He ordered three dinners.
He ordered three hot dogs for himself and one for her.
He ordered us steaks.
He organised a mountain hike with his friends.
He organised a party and didn't even invite me.
He organised a trip to London.
He organized a book fair in the neighborhood.
He organized a boycott of the bus service.
He organized a campaign to raise awareness about climate change.
He organized a classroom debate on current events.
He organized a science fair in the school auditorium.
He organized a summer rock festival.
He organized all the stuff by price range.
He organized his CDs by artist.
He organized his overcrowded schedule and managed to come to see my performance.
He organized the garage.
He organized the university's butterfly collection so meticulously that it is now fully machine-searchable.
He organized the university’s butterfly collection so meticulously that it is now fully machine-searchable.
He organizes a community event.
He organizes a hygiene training session.
He organizes a public forum.
He organizes the office space.
He organizes the workflow logically.
He originally comes from Algeria.
He ought to be able to fix it himself.
He ought to be ashamed of himself.
He ought to be ashamed of his ignorance.
He ought to be back soon.
He ought to be out of hospital soon.
He ought to be punished if he commits a crime.
He ought to be punished if he committed a crime.
He ought to be there by now.
He ought to do something for her.
He ought to do that by himself.
He ought to go to anger management classes to quell his explosive anger.
He ought to go with her.
He ought to go.
He ought to have arrived by now.
He ought to have arrived here.
He ought to have arrived home by now.
He ought to have arrived in New York about this time.
He ought to have arrived in New York by now.
He ought to have arrived there by now.
He ought to have been an actor.
He ought to have come by now.
He ought to have gone with her.
He ought to have his head examined.
He ought to have made allowances for his age.
He ought to help her.
He ought to know better at his age.
He ought to know better than to argue with her.
He ought to know better than to quarrel with such a fellow.
He ought to pass the examination, for he is very capable.
He ought to put his mind to something more useful.
He ought to stop.
He ought to take good care of his wife.
He ought to take his medication.
He ought to talk to his lawyer.
He ought to wait for her.
He ought to win.
He ousted his rival.
He outdoes me in every subject.
He outlasted many of his friends.
He outlived all of his children.
He outlived her.
He outlived many of his friends.
He outperforms them all.
He outshone them all in how he dressed.
He outshouted his classmates.
He outsmarted her.
He outsmarted me.
He outweighs me by 10 kg.
He outwitted her.
He overcame all sorts of hardship and setbacks to succeed in a solo crossing of Antarctica.
He overcame his speech impediment by reciting the Quran.
He overcame many difficulties.
He overdid it.
He overdosed on heroin.
He overdosed.
He overestimated his ability.
He overestimated his strength.
He overestimated it.
He overestimates himself.
He overestimates his youth too much.
He overfilled his washing machine with towels.
He overfilled the bottles.
He overheard that.
He overheard the conversation by accident.
He overheard the conversation.
He overheard us.
He overlaid the walls on the inside with gold.
He overlooked his assignment.
He overlooked my mistake.
He overlooks my successes at every opportunity.
He overpowered her.
He overpowered the guards.
He overreacted.
He overslept and missed his bus.
He overslept and missed the bus he usually rides.
He overslept himself.
He overslept so often that he eventually got fired.
He overslept this morning.
He overslept.
He overstayed his visa.
He overstepped his authority.
He overtook me.
He overturned a log, and all kinds of critters scurried out from underneath.
He owed a lot to her.
He owed his success to both ability and industry.
He owed large amounts of money.
He owes Justin an apology.
He owes a lot of money.
He owes his job to her.
He owes his life to her.
He owes his success both to working hard and to good luck.
He owes his success only to good luck.
He owes his success to good luck.
He owes his success to his parents.
He owes his wealth to good luck.
He owes me $300.
He owes me a favor.
He owes me a favour.
He owes me a lot of money.
He owes me a relatively large sum.
He owes me nothing.
He owes me one.
He owes me ten euros.
He owes much of his success to his wife.
He owes the government a lot of money in taxes.
He owes what he is today to his wife.
He owned a farm somewhere in the lowlands.
He owned a home in Algeria.
He owned a house in Algeria.
He owned a restaurant with his wife in Kabylie, Algeria.
He owned a small boat.
He owned a small farm in Kabylie, Algeria.
He owned a store in Kabylie, Algeria.
He owned a very big mansion in Algeria.
He owned the farm.
He owned three hundred oxen.
He owned up to having stolen the jewellery.
He owned up to his fault.
He owns Orlando's largest construction firm.
He owns a Stradivarius.
He owns a big old house in Kabylie.
He owns a cabaret in Algeria.
He owns a car dealership in Kabylie, Algeria.
He owns a car.
He owns a coffee shop.
He owns a comic book store.
He owns a dairy farm in Algeria.
He owns a dishwasher.
He owns a dog.
He owns a farm in Kabylie.
He owns a farm in the country.
He owns a flock of sheep.
He owns a foreign car.
He owns a gay bar.
He owns a good few sheep.
He owns a hardware store in his hometown in Algeria.
He owns a home.
He owns a lot of land just outside of Istanbul.
He owns a lot of land.
He owns a nice restaurant in Kabylie.
He owns a painting by Picasso.
He owns a pig.
He owns a private jet.
He owns a ranch.
He owns a red sports car.
He owns a small company that makes electronic components.
He owns a small shop in Algiers.
He owns a tea shop.
He owns a two-story apartment in Kabylie, Algeria.
He owns a very big house.
He owns a very successful hotel.
He owns a very valuable wristwatch.
He owns a yellow sports car.
He owns an ice cream parlor in Algiers.
He owns an iguana.
He owns an online store.
He owns as many books as his father.
He owns four sugar mills in Algeria.
He owns his own company.
He owns his own house.
He owns many properties.
He owns many valuable paintings.
He owns money.
He owns one cat and two dogs.
He owns several hotels. In a word, he is a multimillionaire.
He owns ten cows.
He owns that truck.
He owns the music hall.
He owns this exact car.
He owns this hotel.
He owns this land.
He owns this restaurant.
He owns two different bicycle shops in Algeria.
He owns two houses and a boat.
He owns vast estates in Algeria.
He paced back and forth through the house.
He paced up and down the hall waiting for the doctor to come out.
He paced up and down the ship's deck in the evening twilight.
He paced up and down the ship's deck in the gloaming.
He packed his bag and left Algeria.
He packed his bag with essentials.
He packed his bag.
He packed his bags and left.
He packed his bags and went to Algeria.
He packed his bags in a hurry.
He packed his bags.
He packed his lunch in a paper bag.
He packed his school satchel for the coming day.
He packed his suitcase.
He packed his suitcases and left.
He packed his things and left.
He packed his things in a sturdy bag.
He packed his things up.
He packed those books away with a lot of other things in the basement.
He packed up all of the supplies.
He packed up his belongings.
He padded his resume.
He paged her.
He paged me.
He paid $20 for the lipstick.
He paid 1,000 yen for this book.
He paid 400 dinars for that.
He paid Silya.
He paid a bill.
He paid a dear price for it.
He paid a visit to his friend.
He paid all his bills.
He paid all his debts, which is the proof of his honesty.
He paid all of the bills.
He paid an eternal life for each one of us.
He paid as much as a hundred dollars for a puppy.
He paid as much as a million dollars for the painting.
He paid at most ten thousand dollars.
He paid attention to his teacher.
He paid attention to my warning.
He paid attention.
He paid back the money for the things he stole.
He paid back the money he owed me.
He paid cash.
He paid dearly for it!
He paid double fare.
He paid double the usual fare.
He paid everyone his due.
He paid for it all.
He paid for it himself.
He paid for it.
He paid for that dinner.
He paid for the book.
He paid for the books.
He paid for the food.
He paid for the lunch.
He paid for the repairs.
He paid for the wedding.
He paid half the money.
He paid her back everything he owed her.
He paid her everything he owed her.
He paid her to sleep with him.
He paid her.
He paid him four dollars.
He paid his bill late.
He paid his bill.
He paid his dues for what he is now.
He paid his loan back to the bank.
He paid in cash.
He paid less taxes.
He paid me a compliment.
He paid me a visit.
He paid me cash down.
He paid me the compliment of listening.
He paid me.
He paid more for that.
He paid much money to stop her mouth.
He paid no attention to her.
He paid no attention to my advice.
He paid no attention to my warning.
He paid no attention to that.
He paid no attention to the warning.
He paid no attention to what she said.
He paid nothing.
He paid off his credit card debt.
He paid off his debt.
He paid off his gambling debts.
He paid someone to do that for him.
He paid that guy to go out with his ex.
He paid the army wages.
He paid the bill.
He paid the check.
He paid the debt in instalments.
He paid the debt through instalments.
He paid the hospital bills.
He paid the loan with interest.
He paid the money back.
He paid the money into his account.
He paid the money on the spot.
He paid the money.
He paid the price.
He paid the prostitute the fee without being aware of the surveillance camera.
He paid too high a price for success.
He paid twenty dollars for the lipstick.
He paid very close attention to her.
He paid with a credit card.
He paid with fake banknotes.
He paid with his credit card.
He paid.
He painted a colorful mural on the wall.
He painted a dog.
He painted a picture for her.
He painted a picture of a dog.
He painted a picture of her mother.
He painted a picture of his mother.
He painted a picture of his pet dog.
He painted a picture of roses.
He painted a picture on the canvas.
He painted a picture.
He painted a self-portrait.
He painted all the walls green.
He painted an image he had during meditation last night.
He painted his bicycle blue.
He painted his bicycle red.
He painted his room white.
He painted it himself.
He painted that picture a while ago.
He painted that picture on the wall.
He painted that.
He painted the barn.
He painted the ceiling blue.
He painted the door black.
He painted the door blue.
He painted the door green all over.
He painted the door over white.
He painted the fence white.
He painted the fence.
He painted the front door black for contrast.
He painted the goddess naked.
He painted the house all by himself.
He painted the house.
He painted the map blue.
He painted the painting hanging on the wall.
He painted the picture in oils.
He painted the picture which is on the wall.
He painted the sitting girl.
He painted the wall red.
He painted the walls to brighten the room.
He painted them for me.
He painted them.
He painted this.
He painted vivid scenes on the canvas with bold strokes.
He painted.
He paints icons.
He paints in a minimalist style.
He paints landscapes inspired by nature.
He paints murals for schools and parks.
He paints still lifes.
He paints.
He pairs wine with cheese.
He pampered his wife.
He panicked when he heard the news.
He panicked.
He panted under a heavy load.
He parades with his tail.
He parked a couple blocks away.
He parked and waited for several minutes.
He parked and waited.
He parked behind his house.
He parked behind the house.
He parked himself in front of the telly.
He parked his car and got out.
He parked his car at the beach parking lot.
He parked his car at the end of the street.
He parked his car behind the building.
He parked his car beside the sidewalk.
He parked his car down the road.
He parked his car in front of the building.
He parked his car in the driveway.
He parked his car in the garage.
He parked his car nearby.
He parked his car next to hers.
He parked his car outside the building.
He parked his car over there.
He parked his car.
He parked in a handicapped space.
He parked in a more crowded area.
He parked in his usual spot.
He parked in the lot.
He parted from her with a kiss.
He parted from me saying that he would see me the next day, but I have not heard from him since.
He parted ways with Mia.
He partially blames himself.
He participated in a campaign to support local businesses during the pandemic.
He participated in an online survey.
He participated in the Olympic Games.
He participated in the Olympics.
He participated in the debate.
He participated in the horse dressage competition.
He participated in the talent show.
He participates in weddings, without even knowing why.
He participates.
He particularly insisted on this.
He particularly liked history.
He parties too hard.
He parties too much.
He partook of dinner with us.
He passed across the border.
He passed among the crowd.
He passed away at the hospital.
He passed away before turning three.
He passed away five years ago.
He passed away quite suddenly.
He passed away several days before his hundredth birthday.
He passed away the day before yesterday.
He passed away yesterday.
He passed away, but his memories will be with us forever.
He passed away.
He passed by me without saying hi.
He passed by me.
He passed by my house but didn't drop in.
He passed by my house but didn’t drop in.
He passed by the house.
He passed by without looking at me.
He passed by.
He passed for a learned man in our community.
He passed himself off as the Saviour.
He passed his A-levels with flying colours.
He passed his Berber exam.
He passed his English examination.
He passed his French exam.
He passed his French examination.
He passed his French test.
He passed his driving test on his first attempt.
He passed his hand over his forehead like a man who is half dazed, and then fell rather than sat down upon a chair.
He passed his illness on to me.
He passed his property on to his son.
He passed me on the left.
He passed me on the right.
He passed on his greetings from Paris.
He passed on quietly at his home last night.
He passed on the torch to his successor.
He passed on yesterday.
He passed one test, but failed the other.
He passed out at school.
He passed out in my hands.
He passed out.
He passed that class with a B.
He passed the Berber exam.
He passed the English examination.
He passed the aisle.
He passed the ball to me.
He passed the butter to her.
He passed the class.
He passed the entrance examination.
He passed the exam by the skin of his teeth.
He passed the exam the first time.
He passed the exam, but only just.
He passed the exam.
He passed the examination with the highest score.
He passed the examination.
He passed the last exam.
He passed the law examination and set up a law office.
He passed the test and became an imam.
He passed the test as was expected.
He passed the test he took last Friday.
He passed the test in the face of poverty.
He passed the test.
He passed the truck on the right.
He passed through me, as if he did not recognize me.
He passed through the woods.
He passed to the other side of the road.
He passed without greeting us.
He passed yesterday.
He passes for a college student.
He passes for a learned man in our community.
He passes our house every day on his way to school.
He pasted the notice on the door.
He pat his dog on the head.
He patiently listened to her.
He patiently tried to explain the situation to her.
He patiently waited for her.
He patrolled the district.
He patted her back.
He patted her bum.
He patted himself on the back.
He patted his brother on the shoulder.
He patted his son on the back.
He patted his son on the shoulder.
He patted me on the back with a smile.
He patted me on the back.
He patted me on the shoulder with a smile.
He patted me on the shoulder.
He patterned his stage persona after anime characters.
He paused at the door, undecided as to whether he should enter or not.
He paused before answering.
He paused briefly before continuing his account.
He paused briefly before continuing his narrative.
He paused briefly before continuing his story.
He paused briefly to savour the moment.
He paused briefly to wipe away his tears.
He paused in front of a strange flag.
He paused near Tom's chair.
He paused the film and went to the toilet.
He paused to catch his breath.
He paused to collect his thoughts.
He paused to gather his thoughts.
He paused to have a cigarette.
He paused to look at the poster.
He paused, and she could tell he was hesitant to continue.
He paused, listening intently to the sounds around him.
He paused.
He pawned his bicycle.
He pawned his mother's jewelry.
He pawned his wedding ring.
He pawned the jewelry he'd stolen.
He pays Tom well.
He pays a lot of attention to how he looks.
He pays a monthly sum for the maintenance of his wife and children.
He pays about 25% of his income in taxes.
He pays attention in class.
He pays attention to detail.
He pays attention to the subtleties.
He pays by bank card.
He pays by check.
He pays high taxes.
He pays his debts promptly.
He pays his taxes.
He pays in Smarties.
He pays me a visit every now and then.
He pays more.
He pays no attention to others' feelings.
He pays no attention to others’ feelings.
He pays no attention to the teacher.
He pays rent regularly.
He pays the rent.
He pays us every month.
He pays with a credit card.
He pecked at a few morsels and left.
He pecked her on the lips.
He peddled his "miracle cure" to desperate cancer patients.
He peddles newspapers by day and bartends by night.
He peed his trousers.
He peed on the window.
He peed up the door.
He peed up the window.
He peeked his head into the tent.
He peeked inside, afraid of what he would find.
He peeked through the door.
He peeled an apple for her.
He peeled the apple for her.
He peeled the banana for her.
He peeled the eggs.
He peeled the loquats.
He peels her apple.
He peels his apple.
He peels potatoes in the barracks.
He peels the potatoes and divides them into pieces.
He peeped out from the other side of the corridor.
He peeps into other people's windows.
He peeps, he farts, the pope.
He peered at me with great curiosity in his puckered eyes.
He peered at the small print in a newspaper.
He pees in an old orange juice bottle on long trips.
He pees in bed.
He pees sitting down.
He penetrated her with a bottle.
He penetrates you with his gaze, and not only that.
He penned it down so as to not forget it.
He penned the dogs.
He peppered his talks with harrowing stories from his career that make you wonder how he sleeps at night.
He perceives differences as a rivalry.
He performed all the stunts himself.
He performed contorsion in front of a live audience.
He performed duty at last.
He performed high duty.
He performed his duties faithfully.
He performed his duty at the expense of his time.
He performed his duty with deliberation.
He performed oral sex on me.
He performed the ancient melodies.
He performed the role with great ability.
He performed the trick with ease.
He performs at charity events every year.
He performs in a jazz club two nights a week.
He perishes so that others may survive!
He perjured himself.
He perked up when he heard Skura's voice.
He permanently relocated to Greece.
He permitted her to visit her aunt's house.
He permitted him to depart.
He permitted them to walk in the garden.
He persecuted people for their religion.
He persecutes me.
He persevered through sheer determination.
He persevered through sheer force of will.
He persevered through sheer willpower.
He persevered with the hard lessons.
He persisted in accomplishing his original plan.
He persisted in his opinion.
He persisted in his project.
He persisted in his work until he succeeded.
He persisted in marrying her.
He persisted in the experiment until he was successful.
He persistently denied his guilt.
He persistently rang my house's doorbell.
He persists in his confidence.
He persists in his opinion.
He persists in his statements, refusing to yield.
He personally doesn't believe this.
He personally invited her.
He personally invited me.
He personally prepared the couscous.
He persuaded her into going to the movies with him.
He persuaded her not to go swimming by herself.
He persuaded her to change her mind.
He persuaded her to fly to Algeria.
He persuaded her to lend him her new car.
He persuaded her to sell her motorcycle.
He persuaded his daughter into going to the party with him.
He persuaded his firm to let him go back to his old job.
He persuaded his mother to lend him the car for the weekend.
He persuaded his wife not to divorce him.
He persuaded the store manager to give him back his money.
He persuades you in spite of yourself.
He pestered all of them.
He pestered her with questions.
He pestered them all.
He pets the horses.
He phoned Tom, the only person who could help him.
He phoned at midnight.
He phoned her as soon as he came home.
He phoned her mobile.
He phoned her.
He phoned his lawyer.
He phoned in the middle of the night.
He phoned just before he left.
He phoned me an hour ago.
He phoned me at home.
He phoned me at midnight.
He phoned me before he arrived.
He phoned me for an appointment.
He phoned me to talk about his holiday plans.
He phoned the police immediately.
He phoned the police.
He phoned to say he couldn't come.
He phoned to say he was on his way.
He phoned to say he'll be late.
He phoned to say he's not coming.
He phoned us.
He phoned.
He phoned. I'm to come more often, he says.
He photographed the house.
He photographs the beauty of city life.
He photoshopped the pictures that he posted.
He picked Rima up from the airport.
He picked a fight with her.
He picked a fight with me.
He picked a flower for his wife.
He picked a very expensive belly button ring.
He picked fights with other children.
He picked flowers for her.
He picked flowers for them.
He picked her at random.
He picked his baby girl up.
He picked his hat off the ground.
He picked his words carefully.
He picked it up carefully.
He picked me as his business partner.
He picked me up at the airport.
He picked me up on his way home.
He picked out a gift for her.
He picked out a very nice bracelet for her.
He picked out some important idioms.
He picked out the best book.
He picked some pink flowers for her.
He picked the book up and handed it to her.
He picked the box out and carried it out of here.
He picked the lock successfully.
He picked the medlars.
He picked the oranges he wanted.
He picked them at random.
He picked them up for her.
He picked up Mina.
He picked up a bad habit; picking his nose.
He picked up a bottle cap.
He picked up a butterfly between his thumb and forefinger.
He picked up a fork from the floor.
He picked up a fork from the ground.
He picked up a handkerchief from the floor.
He picked up a hat and put it on to see how it would look.
He picked up a large rock.
He picked up a mirror and examined his tongue.
He picked up a mirror and looked at his tongue.
He picked up a new hobby.
He picked up a night-shift security job.
He picked up a pencil.
He picked up a piece of chalk.
He picked up a red stone.
He picked up a rock and threw it at her.
He picked up a shopping basket as he entered the supermarket.
He picked up a skill or two while living as a homeless man in New York, like pick-pocketing and shoplifting.
He picked up a stone.
He picked up an earthworm.
He picked up cans in the street.
He picked up groceries from the store.
He picked up his bag and left.
He picked up his books.
He picked up his habits.
He picked up his keys.
He picked up his mail.
He picked up his pencil and began to write.
He picked up his toys.
He picked up my hair and pulled it away from my neck.
He picked up some basic Spanish during his 6-month assignment in Mexico.
He picked up some pretty shells on the beach.
He picked up something white on the street.
He picked up that habit from his father.
He picked up the Bible and sat down to read it.
He picked up the Quran and he started reading.
He picked up the ash-tray.
He picked up the book.
He picked up the books.
He picked up the coffee pot and poured himself a cup.
He picked up the coins that had fallen behind the sofa.
He picked up the feather.
He picked up the feathers.
He picked up the guitar to relieve his anger.
He picked up the kids from school.
He picked up the laundry basket.
He picked up the newspaper and glanced casually over the front page.
He picked up the newspaper and skimmed through it quickly.
He picked up the phone and dialed a number. It was not a number he knew; it was a number he had looked up in the phone book.
He picked up the phone but didn’t dial.
He picked up the phone.
He picked up the plates and smashed them.
He picked up the receiver.
He picked up the rifle and aimed it at the target.
He picked up the telephone receiver.
He picked up the wrong hat by mistake.
He picks his nose in front of everyone.
He picks his nose in front of the kids.
He picks his nose, then serves you food.
He pierced his belly button at home.
He pierced his own belly button at home.
He pierced his own belly button.
He pilfered funds.
He pilfered the chicken.
He pinched and scraped for many years to save money.
He pinched her.
He pinched me!
He pinched me.
He pinched my arm.
He pinched some cash off me.
He pinches all kinds of things.
He pinned a carnation to his jacket.
He pinned responsibility for the accident on his sister.
He pinned the note on the noticeboard with drawing pins.
He pinned the note to the noticeboard using drawing pins.
He pissed away his inheritance on booze and loose women.
He pissed me off.
He pitched a tent and prepared his sleeping bag.
He pitched his tent next to mine.
He pitched overboard.
He pitied her.
He pitied us.
He placed a cake stand on the table.
He placed a finger under my chin and lifted my head.
He placed a traffic cone in the road.
He placed emphasis on the importance of education.
He placed frogs inside the locker.
He placed great belief in his assistant.
He placed her on his lap.
He placed himself in front of me.
He placed himself in the middle of the street with a sign that said, "Free hugs."
He placed his arm around her shoulders.
He placed his hand on my shoulder.
He placed his hand on the table with fingers splayed.
He placed his hand over the lens.
He placed his hands on his hips.
He placed his hands on his knees and sighed.
He placed his hands on his knees.
He placed his hands to his forehead.
He placed his trust in his loved ones.
He placed most of the blame on himself.
He placed the board crosswise on top of the two sawhorses.
He placed the book on the shelf.
He placed the gun on the dashboard.
He placed the gun to her head, but hesitated in pulling the trigger.
He placed the ladder against the fence.
He placed the money on the table for her.
He placed the order over the phone after he got to his workplace.
He placed the plates on the top shelf.
He placed the tape in the cassette player and hit play.
He placed the tequila glass on the table.
He places himself on a higher plane.
He places his soul in the hands of God.
He plaited her hair for her.
He plaited her hair.
He planned a party to celebrate Bastille Day.
He planned a surprise birthday party for her.
He planned a surprise party for her.
He planned his return to Algeria via Germany.
He planned on checking out the new game store in town.
He planned on doing that by himself.
He planned on going by himself.
He planned on sleeping on the couch.
He planned the attack carefully.
He planned the project along with his colleagues.
He planned to do that by himself.
He planned to explore Mars.
He planned to go back to Lille.
He planned to go by himself.
He planned to kill her.
He planned to leave that day.
He planned to murder his boss, but did not carry it out.
He planned to pass the company to his daughter.
He planned to reopen the case.
He planned to rob the bank.
He planned to seek a master's degree in international relations.
He planned to stay at home by himself.
He planned to stay in the Navy.
He plans on doing that by himself.
He plans on going by himself.
He plans on staying at home by himself.
He plans the next project.
He plans to appeal his conviction.
He plans to buy a new bicycle.
He plans to do that by himself.
He plans to go by himself.
He plans to go home by himself.
He plans to go in spite of the bad weather.
He plans to go skiing with her.
He plans to go there by himself.
He plans to go to Boston by himself.
He plans to go to Istanbul next week.
He plans to hike along the river.
He plans to integrate real-world scenarios into his lessons.
He plans to live there for more than a year.
He plans to open a gallery for emerging artists.
He plans to open his own business.
He plans to open his own shop.
He plans to record an instrumental album.
He plans to retire when he's 65.
He plans to sell his house.
He plans to sell ten tons of tea.
He plans to settle down, like his brothers.
He plans to spend two or three weeks on holiday on a Greek island.
He plans to stay at home by himself.
He plans to stay here until it stops raining.
He plans to stick around to see what happens.
He plans to win.
He plans weekly events.
He planted a gentle kiss on her lips.
He planted a tree.
He planted an olive tree.
He planted fake evidence in the principal's office.
He planted heathers.
He planted himself full in the middle of the apartment, opposite to the table at which Lucy was seated.
He planted his lips over mine.
He planted olive trees.
He planted pink tomatoes.
He planted pole beans on the trellis.
He planted some explosives near the middle of the bridge.
He planted these trees himself.
He planted those flowers in the garden.
He planted three apricot trees in his yard.
He planted tomatoes in his garden.
He planted trees.
He planted wheat in his field.
He plants his sunflowers in spring.
He plants sunflowers in the spring.
He plants trees.
He plants vegetables.
He plastered the wall with posters.
He played "Hamlet" on the stage.
He played Hamlet on stage.
He played Minecraft all day.
He played Minecraft with classmates.
He played Silya.
He played a Turkish folk tune on his baglama at a Kurdish wedding in Germany.
He played a famous piano piece.
He played a fast guitar solo with many hammer-ons and pull-offs.
He played a game with her.
He played a great game.
He played a hose on the burning hotel.
He played a joke on her.
He played a joke on his friend.
He played a joke on me that almost gave me a heart attack.
He played a key role in the movement.
He played a major part in the movement.
He played a minor part in the play.
He played a part in the crime.
He played a prank on her.
He played a trick on her.
He played a trick on his friend.
He played a tune for the girl that he'd written himself.
He played a tune for the girl that he’d written himself.
He played a very important part in our scientific research.
He played a waltz on his accordion.
He played all day long at the park.
He played all day.
He played alone.
He played an acoustic guitar.
He played an active part in the revolution.
He played an excellent host at today's party.
He played an excellent host at today’s party.
He played an important part in the enterprise.
He played an important part like an axis.
He played an important part.
He played an important role in the movement.
He played an important role on the committee.
He played an old Turkish song on his new oud.
He played baseball after school.
He played baseball.
He played basketball.
He played cards with her.
He played chess with her.
He played chess.
He played classical music.
He played dead.
He played dodgeball.
He played football with an empty tin.
He played football.
He played golf day after day during his vacation.
He played golf every day during his vacation.
He played golf last Sunday.
He played golf on a roof.
He played guitar and harmonica in a folk-jazz style that pre-dated Bob Dylan; his harmonica playing was a highlight in Midnight Cowboy and Sesame Street; and his whistling solo will forever be remembered in a television commercial for "Old Spice" aftershave.
He played his highest card.
He played his part very well.
He played his trump card.
He played his violin.
He played in that band.
He played in the band.
He played in the woods.
He played it.
He played music.
He played on his college team.
He played on several pianos, one of which he chose.
He played on the college team.
He played on the high school basketball team.
He played party games with the children.
He played piano by ear.
He played poker.
He played soccer at the park.
He played soccer.
He played some Kabyle music.
He played some Pokemon.
He played some music to lighten up the mood.
He played some music with Joshua Bell.
He played some music.
He played sports for 11 years in Europe.
He played tennis all day long.
He played tennis every day during his vacation.
He played tennis yesterday.
He played tennis.
He played the Liszt sonata blindfolded.
He played the banjo for his guests.
He played the banjo.
He played the game as best he could.
He played the girl a piece of music of his own writing.
He played the guitar and she played the piano.
He played the guitar very well in his father's presence.
He played the guitar very well in his father’s presence.
He played the guitar.
He played the ney for two hours without taking a break.
He played the part of Hamlet.
He played the piano and she sang.
He played the piano skillfully.
He played the piano without looking at the notes.
He played the piano.
He played the recording on his phone.
He played the video on his phone.
He played the video.
He played three games in a row.
He played two very beautiful Chopin nocturnes on his birthday two years ago.
He played up his achievements.
He played video games in a cybercafe because he didn't have a computer at home.
He played with Walid's toys.
He played with his cat.
He played with his cats.
He played with his children.
He played with his dog.
He played with his kids.
He played with his toy car.
He played with the dog.
He played with the pillows.
He played with the toys in the chest.
He played with those toys.
He played.
He playfully ruffled her hair.
He playfully slapped my butt.
He plays Davey Jones whose appearance on screen is altered through computer imagery to give him a lobster's claw for a hand and a face squirming with tentacles.
He plays Dombra on his saz every day.
He plays Minecraft day in, day out.
He plays Minecraft with family and friends.
He plays World of Warcraft.
He plays a good game.
He plays a wily detective with a penchant for disguises.
He plays alone.
He plays an important, almost pivotal, role.
He plays around pretending to be someone else.
He plays at aerobics just to please his girlfriend.
He plays baccarat.
He plays badminton very well.
He plays badminton with Pierre.
He plays bagpipes and wears a kilt.
He plays baseball after school.
He plays baseball every day.
He plays baseball tomorrow.
He plays baseball.
He plays basketball best of us all.
He plays basketball well.
He plays basketball.
He plays bass guitar.
He plays beach volleyball.
He plays bingo.
He plays bridge.
He plays cello exceptionally well.
He plays chess very well.
He plays chess.
He plays dirty pool.
He plays drums in his sleep.
He plays football every day.
He plays football with her son.
He plays football with his friends.
He plays football.
He plays golf at the weekend.
He plays golf every Sunday.
He plays golf every weekend.
He plays golf on weekends.
He plays golf two or three times a month.
He plays golf.
He plays good football.
He plays guitar well.
He plays handball well.
He plays his part.
He plays hockey.
He plays in a band with her.
He plays in the outfield today.
He plays in the school band.
He plays in the senior team.
He plays it smart!
He plays little part in the decision-making.
He plays marbles every day.
He plays marbles.
He plays neither jack-pudding nor coxcomb.
He plays oboe professionally.
He plays on Thursdays.
He plays piano and guitar.
He plays piano.
He plays poker with them.
He plays pool every week.
He plays rugby.
He plays soccer in the yard.
He plays soccer.
He plays tennis as often as he can.
He plays tennis daily.
He plays tennis every day.
He plays tennis three times a week.
He plays tennis very well.
He plays tennis with her.
He plays tennis.
He plays the accordion.
He plays the acoustic guitar with great mastery.
He plays the bagpipes.
He plays the drum.
He plays the electric bass guitar.
He plays the flute.
He plays the guitar very well.
He plays the guitar well.
He plays the guitar.
He plays the harpsichord.
He plays the kaval by ear.
He plays the piano beautifully.
He plays the piano better than I do.
He plays the piano better than me.
He plays the piano for fun.
He plays the piano for his own amusement.
He plays the piano like a maestro.
He plays the piano very well.
He plays the piano well.
He plays the piano with passion.
He plays the piano without mistakes.
He plays the piano, doesn't he?
He plays the piano.
He plays the qanun exceptionally well.
He plays the qanun like a maestro.
He plays the qanun well.
He plays the qanun without mistakes.
He plays the recorder.
He plays the role of Macbeth with great skill.
He plays the santoor like a maestro.
He plays the santoor without mistakes.
He plays the saxophone.
He plays the tambourine.
He plays the trombone.
He plays the trumpet in a marching band.
He plays the violin very well.
He plays the violin well.
He plays the xylophone well.
He plays the yangqin.
He plays there.
He plays this game all the time.
He plays too much pachinko, so his wife is mad at him.
He plays very well.
He plays well.
He plays with his daughter.
He plays.
He pleaded for his life.
He pleaded for me when I made a blunder.
He pleaded guilty to drunken driving and his driver's license was suspended for six months.
He pleaded guilty.
He pleaded self-defense at the trial and went scot-free.
He pleaded with his mother to let him go to the party.
He pleaded with the judge for mercy.
He pled guilty.
He pledged his continued support.
He pledged his support.
He pledged to marry me when he returned home.
He plied her with alcohol until she was unable to resist his advances.
He plied me with tequila all evening.
He plonked himself down in front of the telly.
He plopped down on the bed, exhausted.
He plopped down on the couch.
He ploughs a straight furrow.
He plowed the field.
He plucked one of his few strands of beard.
He plucked up his courage and proposed to her.
He plucked up the courage to propose to her.
He plugged in his computer.
He plugged in the radio and turned it on.
He plugged in the radio.
He plumped up the pillows on the bed.
He plunged headlong into his work.
He plunged into the fight.
He plunged into the lake fully clothed.
He plunged into the sewers below.
He plunged into the water head first.
He plunged to his death.
He pocketed the company's money.
He pocketed the company’s money.
He pocketed the money.
He pointed a finger at her.
He pointed a gun at her.
He pointed at her.
He pointed down at his shoes.
He pointed his finger at her.
He pointed his gun at her.
He pointed his weapon at me.
He pointed in the direction of the turret.
He pointed it out.
He pointed out a variety of issues.
He pointed out how important it is to observe the law.
He pointed out some spelling errors to her.
He pointed out that the former was inferior to the latter in some respects.
He pointed out that the plan would cost a lot of money.
He pointed out to me the goods that were to be shipped.
He pointed out to the pond.
He pointed the gun at me and asked me to make my last wish before I went to the afterlife.
He pointed the weapon at the boy, aimed for the heart and pulled the trigger.
He pointed to her, urging them to hurry.
He pointed to his watch.
He pointed to the bathtub.
He pointed to the carpet at his feet.
He pointed to the light in the sky—hardly perceptible to their older eyes.
He pointed to the long, twisted scar on her face.
He pointed to the tower over there.
He pointed towards the mountain.
He pointed towards the turret.
He pointedly ignored her as she walked into the room.
He poisoned Mina.
He poisoned her.
He poisoned himself.
He poked fun at her.
He poked me in the ribs.
He pokes his nose into everything.
He polished his father's shoes.
He polished his shoes.
He politely corrected me.
He politely declined my invitation to convert to Islam.
He politely declined the client's request.
He politely declined.
He politely thanked her.
He politely turned down the job offer.
He pollutes the air.
He pondered his next move.
He pooped everywhere.
He popped a balloon besides my ear and I was really scared.
He popped him.
He popped the question.
He popped the trunk.
He pops into this bookshop every now and then on his way home from the office.
He portrayed him as a psychopath.
He portrayed himself to be a protector of the innocent.
He posed a problem.
He posed as a dentist at that bar.
He posed as my close friend.
He poses us no threat.
He positioned the barrel of his revolver on my temple.
He possessed a good memory.
He possessed a large house and two cars.
He possesses a dwelling.
He possesses a poetic spirit.
He possesses dignity.
He possesses money.
He possesses unending righteousness.
He possibly argued with his wife, but certainly did not beat her.
He posted a video on his Facebook.
He posted anti-Muslim statements on his Facebook page.
He posted comments.
He posted on his Snapchat that he was at the movies.
He posted something on his Snapchat.
He posted the video after the fight.
He posted the video.
He postponed his departure by two days.
He postponed his trip to Istanbul.
He postponed it to the Greek calends.
He postponed leaving for Hokkaido until next month.
He postponed the party.
He postponed the plan by a day.
He pounded his fists on the desk.
He pounded his fists on the wooden desk.
He pounded the nail with a heavy mallet.
He pounded the table in a fit of anger.
He poured a cup of coffee and offered it to her.
He poured a cup of coffee for himself.
He poured a cup of tea for her.
He poured a glass of wine for himself.
He poured another glass of wine for himself.
He poured cold water over himself to wake himself up.
He poured cold water over himself.
He poured cold water over his head.
He poured drinks for himself and her.
He poured her a drink and handed it to her.
He poured himself a cup of coffee.
He poured himself a cup of tea.
He poured himself a drink.
He poured himself a glass of milk.
He poured himself a glass of orange juice.
He poured himself a glass of vodka.
He poured himself a glass of water.
He poured himself a glass of whisky.
He poured himself a glass of wine.
He poured himself a second cup of coffee.
He poured himself a shot of bourbon.
He poured himself a tall glass of milk.
He poured himself another beer.
He poured himself another cup of coffee.
He poured himself another cup of tea.
He poured himself another glass of milk.
He poured himself another glass of wine from the bottle.
He poured himself another glass of wine.
He poured himself another glass.
He poured himself another scotch.
He poured himself another shot of bourbon.
He poured himself cup of herbal tea.
He poured himself more wine.
He poured himself some cereal.
He poured himself some milk.
He poured himself some tea.
He poured himself some water.
He poured himself some whiskey.
He poured himself something to drink.
He poured it into her glass.
He poured me some mysterious tea.
He poured milk into the glass and then handed it to her.
He poured milk on his cereal.
He poured more coffee for himself.
He poured more wine into his glass.
He poured some milk into a glass and handed it to her.
He poured tea for his visitors.
He poured the milk in a bowl.
He poured the milk into the glass.
He poured the water from the mug into the glass.
He poured two glasses of orange juice and handed one to her.
He poured water over himself.
He poured whiskey into a tin cup.
He pours water and adds more.
He pouted with dissatisfaction.
He practically does everything.
He practically expired in my arms.
He practically lives here.
He practiced every day at home.
He practiced for the show every chance he got.
He practiced his guitar skills all day long.
He practiced his parallel parking.
He practiced his scales all day.
He practiced his swing with the wooden bat.
He practiced spelling.
He practiced the piece many times before the concert.
He practiced the teachings of Islam.
He practices austerities almost like a monk.
He practices freestyle football.
He practices his professional activity in Milan.
He practices law in New York.
He practices martial arts to build discipline and self-control.
He practices medicine.
He practices playing the guitar far into the night.
He practices playing the guitar until late at night.
He practices playing the kemenche every day.
He practices the flute.
He practices the piano every day to become a pianist.
He practices the piano every day, so he can become a pianist.
He practices what he preaches.
He practices yoga to stay fit and relaxed.
He practised at home each day.
He practised every day at home.
He practised the natural defence style.
He practises sport twice a week.
He praised Celine Dion's beauty and singing.
He praised her beauty and her singing.
He praised her beauty and singing.
He praised her.
He praised his brother.
He praised his son.
He praised me to the skies.
He praised the girl for her honesty.
He praised the pupil for his honesty.
He praises her hard work.
He praises the king for eating without a fork, conversing at the same time, and never dirtying his clothes.
He prayed God to bless me.
He prayed a lot.
He prayed all night.
He prayed and thanked God.
He prayed asr.
He prayed five times a day.
He prayed for her.
He prayed harder.
He prayed in India's largest mosque.
He prayed in his room.
He prayed in the locker room.
He prayed in the main hall of the mosque.
He prayed outside the mosque.
He prayed that God would bless me.
He prayed that I might succeed.
He prayed that his children would forgive him.
He prayed that his daughters would forgive him.
He prayed that his father would forgive him.
He prayed that his mother would forgive him.
He prayed that the current health crisis be overcome and that the necessary health care and vaccines in particular be provided to those who need them most.
He prayed the asr in the mosque.
He prayed the fajr prayer.
He prayed to God for help.
He prayed to God to help the poor girl.
He prayed to God.
He prayed.
He prays dictatorially.
He prays five times per day.
He prays for Somalia.
He prays in the mosque.
He prays in the village mosque.
He prays several times a day.
He prays the fajr prayer.
He preached to us about the importance of good health.
He preaches love for all beings.
He preaches to deaf ears.
He predeceased his father.
He predicted his own death.
He predicted it.
He predicted our success.
He predicted she would win.
He predicted there would be rain.
He preferred a short drive to the office.
He preferred hanging out at Dina's house.
He preferred his coffee black, without any cream or sugar.
He preferred playing the violin to singing.
He preferred studying at night.
He preferred the booth in the back of the diner.
He preferred to have a quiet life behind a desk.
He preferred working to doing nothing.
He prefers Canadian women.
He prefers French to German.
He prefers a double patty burger.
He prefers animals over people.
He prefers apricots.
He prefers brioche buns for hot dogs.
He prefers even numbers.
He prefers female partners.
He prefers fish to meat.
He prefers football to baseball.
He prefers frankfurters to sausages from Strasbourg.
He prefers his job to his family.
He prefers his poems to mine.
He prefers literature to science.
He prefers not to eat in a seated position.
He prefers not to have any company.
He prefers not to talk about it.
He prefers painting in watercolours.
He prefers patients who can't talk.
He prefers plain, simple people, for he is plain and simple himself.
He prefers poetry to fiction.
He prefers public transport to cycling.
He prefers reading.
He prefers science books to fiction.
He prefers sleeping on the ground.
He prefers speaking Turkish.
He prefers tea to coffee.
He prefers the country to the town.
He prefers the quiet.
He prefers to avoid Algiers's notorious traffic.
He prefers to cross the river on foot.
He prefers to crumble cheese on chili.
He prefers to do that by himself.
He prefers to do that on his own.
He prefers to drink his coffee without sugar.
He prefers to eat in a standing position.
He prefers to eat pasta with ketchup.
He prefers to go on public transport rather than to cycle.
He prefers to keep his personality hidden from everyone else.
He prefers to keep to himself.
He prefers to move slowly through life.
He prefers to paint in watercolours.
He prefers to stand on the bus.
He prefers to stand.
He prefers to stay.
He prefers to take public transport rather than to cycle.
He prefers to text than to talk on the phone.
He prefers to tie up loose ends.
He prefers to travel than work.
He prefers to use public transport rather than to cycle.
He prefers to walk.
He prefers using public transport to cycling.
He prefers walking.
He prefers whole-grain cereals.
He prepaid.
He prepared a healthy meal for her.
He prepared a quiz for the next class.
He prepared a science experiment for the class.
He prepared a slide presentation for the lecture.
He prepared carefully for the meeting.
He prepared dinner by himself.
He prepared dinner himself.
He prepared dinner.
He prepared for a new experiment.
He prepared for battle.
He prepared for his death.
He prepared for his imminent departure.
He prepared for the ceremony.
He prepared for the parade.
He prepared for the worst.
He prepared himself for the worst.
He prepared himself to die.
He prepared his family for the move.
He prepared his lessons.
He prepared his speech very carefully.
He prepared lunch for her.
He prepared supper by himself.
He prepared the blueberry sauce with which to flavor the duck.
He prepared the drugs.
He prepared the house for the new occupants.
He prepared them.
He prepared to break into the house.
He prepared visual aids for the geography lesson.
He prepares an end-of-term report for each student.
He prepares the fish for the market.
He prepares the office for the audit.
He presented a workshop on digital literacy.
He presented an argument for the war.
He presented another project to the committee.
He presented her with a doll.
He presented himself at the meeting.
He presented his card.
He presented his vision of a way for solving the crisis.
He presented me to his brother.
He presented me with a bouquet of flowers.
He presented the project.
He presented the story.
He presents himself as a moderate Islamist.
He presents his arguments with great skill.
He presents his political agenda.
He preserves some objects of his childhood, such as kites, toys and notebooks.
He pressed an ice pack to his head.
He pressed charges.
He pressed down on the suitcase to close it.
He pressed his cheek against hers.
He pressed his ear against the wall to see if he could hear what his parents were discussing in the next room.
He pressed his ear against the wall.
He pressed his face against the shop window.
He pressed his foot on the accelerator.
He pressed his lips against hers.
He pressed his lips against mine.
He pressed his lips against my hand.
He pressed his nose against the window.
He pressed his pants.
He pressed his trousers.
He pressed his turgid sex against the center of her womanhood.
He pressed me against the wall.
He pressed me for a prompt reply.
He pressed me to stay a little longer.
He pressed on the brakes.
He pressed play.
He pressed redial on his phone.
He pressed send.
He pressed that button.
He pressed the brake pedal.
He pressed the button and waited.
He pressed the button on the small remote control he held in his hand and the electric gate opened automatically.
He pressed the button to elevate the bed.
He pressed the buttons.
He pressed them very much to turn in unto him: and when they were come into his house, he made them a feast, and baked unleavened bread, and they ate:
He pressed too hard on it, so it broke.
He presses just the right part of the snail's foot to encourage it to secrete a neurotoxin directly onto a skein of cotton yarn.
He presses this button all day.
He pressured me.
He pretended he didn't care about Christmas.
He pretended he didn't care.
He pretended he didn't hear her.
He pretended he didn't know anything about it.
He pretended he didn't know her.
He pretended he didn't know me.
He pretended he didn't notice her.
He pretended he didn't notice me.
He pretended he didn't notice.
He pretended he didn't see her.
He pretended he didn't see it.
He pretended he didn't see me.
He pretended he had a gun.
He pretended he had a weapon.
He pretended he knew nothing about it.
He pretended he was a doctor.
He pretended he was afraid.
He pretended he was asleep.
He pretended he was dying.
He pretended he was sick.
He pretended he was sleeping.
He pretended he was still asleep.
He pretended he wasn't there.
He pretended ignorance, which made me still more angry.
He pretended like it never happened.
He pretended not to be hurt.
He pretended not to be listening.
He pretended not to hear her.
He pretended not to hear his boss.
He pretended not to hear me.
He pretended not to hear what I was saying.
He pretended not to know anything about her.
He pretended not to know anything.
He pretended not to know her.
He pretended not to know his wife.
He pretended not to know me.
He pretended not to know the answer.
He pretended not to like her.
He pretended not to notice her.
He pretended not to notice me as I passed him on the street.
He pretended not to notice me.
He pretended not to see her.
He pretended not to see me.
He pretended not to understand her.
He pretended that he didn't care.
He pretended that he didn't hear her.
He pretended that he didn't know her.
He pretended that he didn't recognize her.
He pretended that he didn't see her.
He pretended that he didn't see it.
He pretended that he didn't see me.
He pretended that he had a weapon.
He pretended that he knew that woman.
He pretended that he was a doctor.
He pretended that he was a lawyer.
He pretended that he was busy.
He pretended that he was sick.
He pretended to agree with her.
He pretended to be a doctor.
He pretended to be a stupid man.
He pretended to be an Englishman, but his foreign accent gave him away.
He pretended to be asleep.
He pretended to be ignorant.
He pretended to be ill so that he could be absent from school.
He pretended to be ill so that he wouldn't have to go to school the next day.
He pretended to be ill.
He pretended to be my friend.
He pretended to be rich.
He pretended to be sick so he didn't have to go to school.
He pretended to be sick.
He pretended to be sleeping.
He pretended to be too tired and sleepy.
He pretended to know everything.
He pretended to leave.
He pretended to love her.
He pretended to love me.
He pretended to take a picture of her.
He pretends as though he had nothing to do with the case.
He pretends he can't hear her.
He pretends he doesn't know me.
He pretends he knows everything.
He pretends not to care about money.
He pretends not to know his brother's problems.
He pretends not to know me.
He pretends not to see him.
He pretends that he doesn't know me.
He pretends that he's a stranger here.
He pretends that he’s a stranger here.
He pretends to be courageous, but in fact he's a coward.
He pretends to be deaf.
He pretends to be enthusiastic when his boss is around.
He pretends to be gay.
He pretends to be ill.
He pretends to be kind.
He pretends to be nice.
He pretends to be stupid.
He pretends to know everything.
He pretty much keeps to himself.
He pretty much kept to himself.
He prevailed on the farmers to try the new seeds.
He prevented a lot of goals.
He previously hired her.
He preys on vulnerable women.
He pricked himself with a pin.
He pricked up his ears.
He prided himself on his commitment.
He prided himself on his punctuality.
He prided himself on his self control.
He prided himself on his self-control.
He prides himself in being a pretty kind person.
He prides himself on having an expensive car.
He prides himself on having been accepted into our football team.
He prides himself on his knowledge of politics.
He prides himself on his learning.
He prides himself on his son.
He pried open the locked door with a crowbar.
He printed all the checks.
He prioritizes drama over meaningful conversations.
He prioritizes employee engagement.
He prioritizes his country's interests.
He prioritizes his tasks.
He prised open the locked door with a crowbar.
He privately had strong political beliefs, but he never talked about them.
He probably already forgot that.
He probably buys them abroad.
He probably can't believe her.
He probably can't forget her.
He probably despised her.
He probably did that by himself.
He probably didn't do the work himself.
He probably didn't have sex with her.
He probably didn't have sex with him.
He probably didn't hear.
He probably didn't take a shower that day.
He probably died here.
He probably doesn't like her.
He probably dyes his hair.
He probably entered this room.
He probably exaggerated his story.
He probably forgot about it.
He probably got dumped.
He probably got tired of waiting and fell asleep.
He probably had a screw loose.
He probably had just dreamed it.
He probably has a girlfriend already.
He probably has a girlfriend.
He probably has a money printing machine at home.
He probably hasn't phoned because he doesn't want to disturb me while I'm revising for the exam.
He probably isn't in his office.
He probably just gave up, right?
He probably knows I don't like him.
He probably knows I like her.
He probably knows I like him.
He probably knows her.
He probably knows the answer.
He probably knows.
He probably likes her.
He probably likes it.
He probably likes you.
He probably lost his mind.
He probably meant that people go to demonstrations just to show up instead of actually protesting.
He probably meant that people only go to demonstrations to show themselves and not to protest.
He probably missed his train.
He probably saw me.
He probably shouldn't do that by himself.
He probably shouldn't do that with her.
He probably still despises her.
He probably thought I liked him.
He probably walked home by himself.
He probably wants something.
He probably wants to say something.
He probably was like fourteen at the time when this happened.
He probably was like fourteen when this happened.
He probably went cycling by himself.
He probably went to assault someone.
He probably went to the store.
He probably will not win it.
He probably won't agree with your proposal.
He probably won't approve your proposal.
He probably won't be able to cope with the problem by himself.
He probably won't be happy with the pictures.
He probably won't become famous.
He probably won't come.
He probably won't find her.
He probably won't go on the picnic tomorrow. I won't either.
He probably won't go.
He probably won't want to do that by himself.
He probably won.
He probably won’t come.
He probably won’t go on the picnic tomorrow. I won’t either.
He proceeded in the face of danger.
He proceeded to the next question.
He proceeded to walk towards the garage.
He proceeds with caution.
He procrastinates.
He procured his birth certificate in order to prove his identity.
He produced a rabbit out of his hat by magic.
He produces beats for local artists.
He professed himself satisfied.
He professed to know nothing about it.
He professes ignorance of the fact.
He professes that he had no connection with that affair.
He promised Aurora everything.
He promised Mary that he would never do it again.
He promised a lot, but we only saw a bit.
He promised a mountain of gold.
He promised a mountain of money.
He promised he won't do that again.
He promised he won't do that here.
He promised he won't do that today.
He promised he won't do that.
He promised he would be there.
He promised he would come on Thursday.
He promised he would do that.
He promised he would help us.
He promised he would land the plane safely.
He promised he would leave me alone.
He promised he would never cheat again.
He promised he would tell us.
He promised he would try again.
He promised he wouldn't be late.
He promised he wouldn't cry.
He promised he wouldn't die.
He promised he wouldn't do that.
He promised he wouldn't leave town.
He promised he wouldn't tell her.
He promised he'd be back soon.
He promised he'd be here on Monday.
He promised he'd be more careful.
He promised he'd be on time.
He promised he'd be there.
He promised he'd call as soon as he arrived.
He promised he'd check on it.
He promised he'd clean his room.
He promised he'd do his best.
He promised he'd do that for her.
He promised he'd do that for me.
He promised he'd do that for us.
He promised he'd do that this week.
He promised he'd do that tomorrow.
He promised he'd do that.
He promised he'd go straight home.
He promised he'd help her.
He promised he'd help us on Monday.
He promised he'd help us.
He promised he'd keep in touch.
He promised he'd quit smoking.
He promised he'd sing.
He promised he'd speak French.
He promised he'd take care of that.
He promised he'd tell us.
He promised he'd wait for us.
He promised he'd walk the dog.
He promised he'd win.
He promised he'll be there.
He promised he'll check on it.
He promised he'll do it tomorrow.
He promised he'll do that tomorrow.
He promised he'll do that.
He promised he'll wait.
He promised her everything would be all right.
He promised her he wouldn't ever leave her.
He promised her he wouldn't hurt her.
He promised her he wouldn't leave her.
He promised her he wouldn't try to kiss her.
He promised her he'd buy her a diamond necklace.
He promised her he'd come to her party.
He promised her he'd help her.
He promised her that he would help her.
He promised her that he wouldn't try to kiss her.
He promised her that he'd help her.
He promised her that he'd meet her after school.
He promised her that he'd meet her last night, but he never showed up.
He promised her that he'd never leave her.
He promised her that he'd pay back all the money that he'd borrowed from her.
He promised himself he would again be governor.
He promised himself he'd do that.
He promised himself he'd never do that again.
He promised himself he'd study French for thirty minutes every day.
He promised himself that he would go on more camping trips in the future.
He promised himself that he'd do that.
He promised himself to help her.
He promised himself to take care of her.
He promised it would never happen again.
He promised me everything.
He promised me forty thousand dinars.
He promised me he will get here by five o'clock.
He promised me he would be here at six.
He promised me he would be more careful in future.
He promised me he would come back quickly.
He promised me he would come early.
He promised me he would never do it again.
He promised me he wouldn't be late.
He promised me he wouldn't cry.
He promised me he wouldn't do that.
He promised me he wouldn't tell anyone.
He promised me he'd be more careful in future.
He promised me he'd clean his room.
He promised me he'd clean my room.
He promised me he'd come back.
He promised me he'd come early.
He promised me he'd come.
He promised me he'd do it.
He promised me he'd do that for me.
He promised me he'd do that for us.
He promised me he'd do that today.
He promised me he'd do that.
He promised me he'd help.
He promised me he'd pay his debts.
He promised me he'd study French.
He promised me he'd win.
He promised me his help.
He promised me richness and happiness.
He promised me that he won't tell anybody.
He promised me that he won’t tell anybody.
He promised me that he would be more careful in the future.
He promised me that he would come at four.
He promised me that he wouldn't tell anybody.
He promised me that he'd be here.
He promised me that he'd come.
He promised me that he'd do that.
He promised me that he'd win.
He promised me the position of company president.
He promised me to come at four.
He promised me to come by five at the latest.
He promised me to come early.
He promised me to come here.
He promised me to come.
He promised me to pay back the money.
He promised me.
He promised never to be late again.
He promised not to be late again.
He promised not to do that any more.
He promised not to harm her.
He promised not to hurt her.
He promised not to lie any more.
He promised not to say it.
He promised not to smoke.
He promised not to tell another lie.
He promised not to tell anyone about it.
He promised not to tell anyone.
He promised not to tell her.
He promised not to tell lies again.
He promised not to tell that to anyone.
He promised not to tell.
He promised political reforms would be put into practice.
He promised that he would help us.
He promised that he would never lie again.
He promised that he would tell us.
He promised that he would treat John as his own son.
He promised that he would write to me once in a while.
He promised that he'd be there.
He promised that he'd call.
He promised that he'd come.
He promised that he'd do that.
He promised that he'd help.
He promised that he'd speak French.
He promised that he'd take care of her.
He promised that he'd wait for us.
He promised that, if he were so happy as to obtain her as his wife, he was prepared to offer him the handsomest gifts which a herdsman could bestow — a yoke of oxen fit for the plough, four hives of bees, fifty young apple trees for planting, the hide of an ox already tanned as well as a weaned calf annually.
He promised the guests a special lunch.
He promised the slaves that they would be emancipated.
He promised the slaves that they would be freed.
He promised to be here at 6.
He promised to be here at six.
He promised to bring new industries to the region, but politicians rarely keep their word.
He promised to call her.
He promised to clean his room.
He promised to come after Christmas.
He promised to come at four.
He promised to come home early tonight.
He promised to come on Thursday.
He promised to come, and didn't.
He promised to come, and didn’t.
He promised to come, but didn't.
He promised to come, but hasn't showed up yet.
He promised to come, but hasn't turned up yet.
He promised to come, but hasn’t turned up yet.
He promised to come, but he didn't come.
He promised to come, but he didn't show up.
He promised to come, but he didn't.
He promised to come.
He promised to do his best as president.
He promised to do his best.
He promised to do that for her.
He promised to do things radically different.
He promised to go to Boston with her.
He promised to help her with her homework.
He promised to help me, but at the last minute he let me down.
He promised to help us.
He promised to keep his word.
He promised to keep it to himself.
He promised to marry her.
He promised to meet her at the coffee shop.
He promised to meet him at the coffee shop.
He promised to meet him in the cafe.
He promised to meet him in the café.
He promised to pay generously for the experience.
He promised to pay us high wages.
He promised to phone her.
He promised to phone him.
He promised to provide information.
He promised to repay the money, but I doubt his word.
He promised to return and yet he didn't.
He promised to return and yet he didn’t.
He promised to return the money without fail.
He promised to return, but didn't say when.
He promised to reward me for my work.
He promised to ring her.
He promised to ring him.
He promised to see about my broken watch.
He promised to sell.
He promised to stay away from the water.
He promised to stay in his room.
He promised to take care of her.
He promised to watch her.
He promised to watch the baby this afternoon.
He promised to write every day.
He promised us he'd help her.
He promised us his assistance.
He promised us work and money.
He promised you that, didn't he?
He promises freedom, but you run away into slavery.
He promises me that he would deal with me as he would with his dearest brother.
He promises me that he would deal with me so, as he would deal with his most dear brother.
He promises not to drink anymore.
He promises the moon.
He promises to come.
He promises to enchant every one who dares defy his power.
He promises to indulge soon, perhaps at one of Bihar's roadside hotels where the rodent, served roasted, known as patal-bageri, is already a popular appetizer.
He promises to phone as soon as he arrives.
He promises to ring as soon as he arrives.
He promoted economic cooperation.
He promoted the idea of world government.
He promotes fair exchanges.
He promptly approached, awaiting orders.
He promptly coped with the situation.
He promptly threw a tantrum.
He pronounced his judgment over such vehement behaviour.
He pronounced the Muslim testimony of faith.
He pronounced the shahada.
He pronounces English words in Spanish fashion because he is a Mexican.
He pronounces this word incorrectly.
He proofread more than 400 books in Berber.
He proofread my manuscript.
He prophesied that a dreadful calamity would happen.
He proposal was not acceptable.
He proposed a reform in the educational system.
He proposed a solution.
He proposed an alternate plan.
He proposed an alternative plan.
He proposed asking her to lunch.
He proposed that another meeting be held next Monday.
He proposed that bicycles be taken away.
He proposed that they put up at that inn.
He proposed that they stay at that inn.
He proposed that we should play baseball.
He proposed that we should start at once.
He proposed that we take a small break.
He proposed to Miss Lee and she accepted.
He proposed to her in a restaurant.
He proposed to her.
He proposed to his boyfriend with a ring he had stolen from a local jewelry store.
He proposed to his girlfriend with a ring he had stolen from a local jewelry store.
He proposed to me!
He proposed to send for the doctor.
He proposed to the young woman.
He propped himself up on his elbow.
He propped himself up on one elbow.
He propped himself up with pillows in bed.
He propped his bike against the wall.
He propped the ladder against the wall.
He prostrated himself and begged my pardon.
He protected Skura.
He protected her from danger.
He protected her from harm.
He protected her.
He protected himself from rain.
He protected his country from foreign invaders.
He protected the fame of the woman he loved.
He protected the reputation of the woman he loved.
He protected the weak and the innocent.
He protects her from harm.
He protested against the new plan.
He protested his innocence to the last.
He protested that he was innocent.
He protested.
He proudly displayed his trophy on the shelf.
He proved himself tonight.
He proved himself.
He proved it not in words, but in practice.
He proved it with deeds, not words.
He proved that actions speak louder than words.
He proved to be a good writer.
He proved to be a spy.
He proved to be a weakling.
He proved to be an ideal husband.
He proved to be honest.
He proved to be quite sympathetic.
He provided food and clothes for his family.
He provided his maximum.
He provided the boys with food, clothing and shoes.
He provided the missing information.
He provided them with food.
He provided us with everything we needed.
He provides escorts.
He provides extra help to struggling students.
He provides for his family.
He provides for the family.
He psyched himself up for the race.
He psychologically tortures me just for fun.
He publicly displayed the dinosaur bones.
He publicly insulted me.
He published a book.
He published another book.
He published his autobiography.
He published his first Berber novel last year.
He published many articles about Islam.
He published the book about the history of coins.
He published the book this past year.
He published two books in Finnish.
He published very practical educational books about Russian geography.
He publishes books in Italy.
He puffed out his chest.
He puked all over the place.
He pulled a coin out of his pocket.
He pulled a few strings.
He pulled a gun on her.
He pulled a knife on her.
He pulled a very young girl.
He pulled aside to let a truck pass.
He pulled at her heartstrings.
He pulled at his heartstrings.
He pulled away from shore.
He pulled down the shutter.
He pulled down the shutters.
He pulled dozens of photos out of his pocket.
He pulled her a little closer.
He pulled her even closer.
He pulled her hair.
He pulled her head back and started punching her.
He pulled her head back and started slapping her.
He pulled her into his arms.
He pulled her toward the dance floor.
He pulled himself together.
He pulled his hand away.
He pulled his pen out.
He pulled his phone out and called his mom.
He pulled his shirt out of his trousers.
He pulled his shirt over his head, showing his bare back.
He pulled his son by the ear.
He pulled into his driveway.
He pulled it out of his head.
He pulled it.
He pulled my hair hard.
He pulled my leg.
He pulled my shirt.
He pulled off his gloves.
He pulled off his shoes.
He pulled off his socks.
He pulled off his underwear.
He pulled off his wig.
He pulled on the rope.
He pulled open the door.
He pulled out a gun and shot her.
He pulled out a handkerchief.
He pulled out a joint and lit it.
He pulled out a joint.
He pulled out a notebook.
He pulled out a pistol and shot her.
He pulled out another pen.
He pulled out his checkbook.
He pulled out his gun and aimed it at her.
He pulled out his gun and shot her.
He pulled out his handkerchief.
He pulled out his laptop.
He pulled out his pen.
He pulled out his phone.
He pulled out his wallet.
He pulled out one of his earplugs.
He pulled out the tooth.
He pulled over.
He pulled something out of his pocket.
He pulled strongly, but the old rock did not budge in the slightest.
He pulled the blanket up over his head.
He pulled the door shut behind him.
He pulled the handbrake.
He pulled the knife towards me.
He pulled the mask off his face.
He pulled the necklace from his pocket.
He pulled the ring off his finger.
He pulled the rope too hard.
He pulled the rope.
He pulled the shutter down.
He pulled the sword from its sheath.
He pulled the tooth.
He pulled the trigger.
He pulled the wool over our eyes.
He pulled the wool over their eyes.
He pulled the wounded soldier to the nearby bush.
He pulled through.
He pulled up in front of my house.
He pulled up in his car.
He pulled up the weed and threw it away.
He pulled up the weeds and threw them away.
He pulled with all his strength but the rock would not move.
He pulled with all his strength, but the rock would not move.
He pulls down at least twenty million yen a year.
He pulls the covers towards him.
He pulls these pranks all the time.
He pulls up the duvet.
He pumped up the tire.
He punched a hole through the drywall.
He punched and kicked me.
He punched her in the face.
He punched her.
He punched his time card.
He punched me in the abdomen.
He punched me in the face.
He punched me in the nose, causing it to bleed.
He punched me in the stomach.
He punched me so hard I dropped to the floor.
He punched me.
He punched the air with his fist.
He punched the ball away from the net.
He punched the ball high into the sky.
He punctuated his sentences with various superlatives.
He pungently derided attempts made, by pseudoscientists of the obsolete school, to popularize among mistaken but serious secularists the science of yesterday and the destructive criticism of the day before that.
He punished his children.
He punished his son for his laziness.
He punished his son for lying.
He punishes me everyday.
He purchased DVDs about Islam.
He purchased a DVD about Islam.
He purchased a beautiful condo in Paraguay.
He purchased a digital one.
He purchased a duplex in Kabylie, Algeria.
He purchased a four-story building in Algiers.
He purchased a new towel rack.
He purchased a piece of land in Texas.
He purchased a piercing needle to pierce his belly button.
He purchased a ranch in Algeria.
He purchased a recreational vehicle.
He purchased a shotgun.
He purchased a small farm in Kabylie, Algeria.
He purchased a van.
He purchased an apartment in Germany but this doesn't mean he's moving out of Algeria.
He purchased an expensive recliner.
He purchased land with a good view for building his house.
He purchased medicine.
He purchased some new towels.
He purposed never to speak of it again.
He purposed writing something for the paper.
He purposefully continued to incite conflict.
He pursed his lips.
He pursued education.
He pursued his career at the expense of his family.
He pursued multiple interests which, of course, included the Berber language.
He pursues excellence in everything.
He pursues harmful ways.
He pushed against the door.
He pushed away his plate.
He pushed back her hair.
He pushed hard to pass his exam.
He pushed her away from himself with a shove so hard that she risked ending up on the ground.
He pushed her away.
He pushed her back to the elevator and gave her a hot kiss.
He pushed her into the swimming pool.
He pushed her to quit her job.
He pushed her.
He pushed him away.
He pushed himself in that narrow space.
He pushed himself to run faster.
He pushed his hat back on his head.
He pushed his nose against the window.
He pushed his plan strongly.
He pushed his plate away.
He pushed his way through the crowd.
He pushed it down my throat.
He pushed me and I hit my head against the edge of the table.
He pushed me around like a dog.
He pushed me aside.
He pushed me away.
He pushed me down the stairs.
He pushed me gently.
He pushed me out of his way.
He pushed me.
He pushed on the window.
He pushed past me.
He pushed the cabinet closer to the wall.
He pushed the cabinet out of the room.
He pushed the car downhill.
He pushed the cat into the swimming pool.
He pushed the documents through the shredder.
He pushed the door open.
He pushed the door shut.
He pushed the door.
He pushed the emergency button.
He pushed the glass over to my side of the table.
He pushed the speaker phone button.
He pushed the stalled car with all his might.
He pushed those crates off the deck.
He pushes himself to think differently.
He pushes his boundaries to learn more.
He pushes me into the bushes.
He pushes me to take chances in my life.
He put a Band-Aid on his hand.
He put a Closed sign on the front door of the store.
He put a band-aid on his finger.
He put a booger in his mouth, yuck!
He put a broom in her hand and made her sweep the hallway.
He put a bullet in his head.
He put a cap on his head.
He put a case on his back.
He put a cover over his car.
He put a crown on the king's head.
He put a cup of coffee down in front of her.
He put a cup of coffee in front of her.
He put a cup of coffee on the table in front of her.
He put a decent slug of spirits in his coffee.
He put a finger to his lips.
He put a finger under her chin and lifted her face.
He put a flea collar on his dog.
He put a gold chain on his neck.
He put a gun to his head and pulled the trigger.
He put a hand gently on her shoulder.
He put a hand to his gun before I did.
He put a knife to my throat.
He put a large amount of money into the industry.
He put a light on the roof.
He put a lot of effort into it.
He put a lot of honey on his toast.
He put a lot of money in savings.
He put a lot of time and effort into preparing for the exam.
He put a mark on the page.
He put a new roll of film into his camera.
He put a pack of cigarettes on the table.
He put a packet of cigarettes on the table.
He put a paper clip around the five sheets he had just printed.
He put a pebble on the paper.
He put a ring on it!
He put a rubber band around the bundle of letters.
He put a stamp on the letter.
He put a stop to that.
He put a sudden end to this career as a poet.
He put a thermometer in his mouth.
He put a thumbtack on the teacher's chair.
He put a touch of salt on a boiled egg.
He put a traffic cone in the road.
He put air in his tires.
He put all his fortune in the enterprise.
He put all his heart and soul into it.
He put all his money in a box and hid it under his bed.
He put all his money in the box.
He put all his money in the safe.
He put all his stuff in a box.
He put an announcement in the newspaper.
He put an arm around her.
He put an end to everything.
He put an interesting idea before us.
He put another project before the committee.
He put aside a few dollars each week.
He put aside the book.
He put away his cellphone when he was in town.
He put away his clothes.
He put away his notebook.
He put away his toys.
He put both his hands deep into his pockets.
He put clean sheets on his bed.
He put dog collars on the foxes.
He put down a lot of money for the car.
He put down his burden.
He put down his drink.
He put down his glass of wine.
He put down his paintbrush.
He put down his pen.
He put down his pencil.
He put down his racket.
He put down his spoon.
He put down his suitcase.
He put down his thoughts in his notebook.
He put down the book on the table.
He put down the box he was holding.
He put down the pencil on the desk.
He put down the rebellion in India.
He put electrical fencing around the trees.
He put emphasis on the importance of the exercise.
He put emphasis on the necessity for immediate action.
He put everyone in a bad mood.
He put everything in the garbage bag.
He put everything into his business.
He put everything into the business.
He put forward a new theory.
He put forward a plan for improving office efficiency.
He put forward a plan for improving the rate of production.
He put great emphasis on spoken English.
He put great emphasis on this point.
He put her in a difficult situation.
He put her savings to good use.
He put himself and his children at risk.
He put himself between us.
He put himself forward as a volunteer.
He put himself in a dangerous situation.
He put himself into the lion's den.
He put himself to much trouble on my behalf.
He put his T-shirt on inside out.
He put his affairs in order.
He put his arm around her shoulder.
He put his arm around her shoulders.
He put his arm around her waist.
He put his arm around her.
He put his arm around me.
He put his arm around my shoulders.
He put his arm around my waist.
He put his arms around her neck.
He put his arms around her.
He put his arms around me and hugged me.
He put his backpack on the table.
He put his bag on the counter.
He put his bag under the table.
He put his bags in the trunk, then hopped in the car and drove off.
He put his bicycle in a closet.
He put his book down.
He put his books in his locker.
He put his boots back on.
He put his boots on.
He put his briefcase on the seat next to him.
He put his cap back on.
He put his cap on and went outside.
He put his children into a Quranic school at a young age.
He put his clothes back on.
He put his clothes in the suitcase.
He put his clothes on.
He put his coat back on.
He put his coat on and left.
He put his coat on.
He put his coffee cup down.
He put his cooking apron on because he didn't want to get grease marks on his jumper.
He put his cooking apron on in order to avoid getting his jumper dirty with greasy stains.
He put his crayons in the middle of the table.
He put his cup down on the counter.
He put his cup down on the table.
He put his drink down.
He put his eldest daughter in charge of his second restaurant.
He put his eye to a telescope.
He put his feet up on his desk.
He put his finger on the cause of the rocket's failure to orbit.
He put his finger on the cause of the rocket’s failure to orbit.
He put his finger to his lips as a sign to be quiet.
He put his finger to his lips.
He put his finger to his mouth and signalled me to be quiet.
He put his finger up and made the shahada.
He put his finger up and took the shahada.
He put his foot on the brake suddenly.
He put his foot on the ladder.
He put his foot through the floor.
He put his fork down.
He put his glass down.
He put his glass of wine down.
He put his glasses back on.
He put his glasses on.
He put his gloves back on.
He put his gloves on.
He put his goggles back on.
He put his goggles on.
He put his gun in the safe.
He put his hand gently on her shoulder.
He put his hand in his pocket and pulled out a box of matches.
He put his hand in his pocket and pulled out a sweet.
He put his hand in his pocket.
He put his hand on her shoulder.
He put his hand on his crotch to let me know what he wanted.
He put his hand on his forehead.
He put his hand on his heart.
He put his hand on my knee under the table.
He put his hand on my shoulder.
He put his hand on my thigh.
He put his hand out to stop her.
He put his hand out.
He put his hand over hers.
He put his hand over his mouth.
He put his hand to his forehead.
He put his hand to his mouth and coughed.
He put his hand up tentatively.
He put his hands in his pockets.
He put his hands in the air.
He put his hands on his hips.
He put his hands on his knees.
He put his hands on my shoulders.
He put his hands over his ears.
He put his hands over his mouth.
He put his hands up in front of him.
He put his hands up.
He put his harmonica in his pocket.
He put his hat back on and left.
He put his hat back on.
He put his hat on and left.
He put his hat on and went outside.
He put his hat on the table.
He put his hat on.
He put his head down on the table.
He put his head down then he went inside home.
He put his head down.
He put his head out of the window.
He put his head out the window.
He put his headphones back on to listen to the song.
He put his headphones back on.
He put his heart and soul into it.
He put his heart on the line like I've never seen any other guy do in my life.
He put his helmet back on.
He put his helmet on.
He put his house up for sale.
He put his jacket back on.
He put his jacket on.
He put his jumper on back to front.
He put his jumper on inside out.
He put his key in the door.
He put his keys in his pocket.
He put his keys into his pocket.
He put his keys on the table.
He put his lunch tray on the table.
He put his magic props on the shelf three months ago.
He put his mobile phone back in his pocket.
He put his money in a shoe box.
He put his money in the bag.
He put his money in the bank.
He put his money in the box.
He put his name down.
He put his new sneakers in his bag.
He put his notebook away.
He put his pajamas on.
He put his passport in his pocket.
He put his pencil down.
He put his phone away.
He put his phone in his pocket.
He put his plan into action.
He put his racket on the ground.
He put his room in order.
He put his seatbelt back on.
He put his shirt on a hanger.
He put his shirt on backwards.
He put his shirt on inside out.
He put his shirt on.
He put his shoes back on.
He put his shoes on backwards.
He put his shoes on the shoe rack.
He put his shoes on.
He put his slippers on.
He put his socks on.
He put his suitcase down next to hers.
He put his suitcase on his bed.
He put his sunglasses back on.
He put his sunglasses on.
He put his sweater on backwards.
He put his sweater on.
He put his things carelessly in the drawer.
He put his things down and left.
He put his things into a box.
He put his things pell-mell in the bag.
He put his thoughts on paper.
He put his tools away after he had finished.
He put his towel into the dryer.
He put his towel on the radiator.
He put his toys back in the box.
He put his toys into the toy box.
He put his trust in God.
He put his vest on inside out.
He put his wallet in his pocket.
He put his wallet on top of the dresser.
He put his wedding ring back on.
He put his weight on her chest.
He put his weight on her.
He put his wig back on.
He put honey in his tea.
He put in a good word for me.
He put in a token appearance.
He put in ten hours of overtime this week.
He put it aside.
He put it in a big pot.
He put it in his mouth and, without noticing its taste, swallowed it with a sip of water.
He put it to the side.
He put live bait on a hook.
He put me in a difficult situation.
He put me in a good mood.
He put me in touch with the kidnappers.
He put me in trouble.
He put me off with a vague answer.
He put me up for a night.
He put milk in his coffee.
He put milk into his tea and stirred it.
He put new film into his camera.
He put new locks on all his doors.
He put new pedals on the bicycle that he rides to school.
He put new strings on the old guitar that he had just bought.
He put off his departure till Sunday.
He put off his trip to Okinawa.
He put off his wedding because of a traffic accident.
He put off making a decision.
He put on a big dramatic act of dying.
He put on a hat.
He put on a shirt that fit him too tight.
He put on a shirt that was too small for him.
He put on a suicide act.
He put on a tie.
He put on airs in her presence.
He put on airs with his learning.
He put on an air of innocence.
He put on clean pants.
He put on clean trousers.
He put on high airs with his learning, and he was not popular.
He put on his blinker.
He put on his boots.
He put on his clothes.
He put on his coat and gloves.
He put on his coat and left the house.
He put on his coat and left.
He put on his coat and went out.
He put on his coat.
He put on his gas mask.
He put on his glasses and began to read.
He put on his glasses and looked at it again.
He put on his glasses.
He put on his gloves.
He put on his goggles.
He put on his hat and left.
He put on his hat at once.
He put on his hat.
He put on his headphones.
He put on his helmet.
He put on his ice skates.
He put on his jacket and went out.
He put on his jacket.
He put on his jeans and a T-shirt.
He put on his new shoes.
He put on his overcoat before going out.
He put on his overcoat.
He put on his pajamas.
He put on his raincoat.
He put on his right blinker.
He put on his robe.
He put on his rubber gloves.
He put on his seatbelt.
He put on his shirt inside out.
He put on his shoes.
He put on his slippers.
He put on his snow boots.
He put on his snowshoes.
He put on his socks.
He put on his sunglasses.
He put on his sweater inside out.
He put on his sweater wrong side out.
He put on his sweater.
He put on his swimsuit.
He put on his undershirt inside out.
He put on his wetsuit.
He put on sunglasses to protect his eyes from ultraviolet rays.
He put on the backpack of sorrow which was heavy from its load.
He put on the black coat.
He put on the red jacket.
He put out his hand and stopped her.
He put out his hand to me for a handshake.
He put out his hand.
He put salt in his tea by mistake.
He put salt into his cup of coffee by mistake.
He put some butter on his toast.
He put some coins in the box.
He put some food in front of her.
He put some milk in his coffee.
He put some salad on his plate.
He put some salt on his eggs.
He put some sugar and milk in his tea.
He put something in his mouth.
He put sour cream in the spaghetti.
He put special emphasis on the problem.
He put sugar in his coffee.
He put syrup in my car's tank.
He put terms on his problem.
He put that money in the bank.
He put the ashtray in front of her.
He put the baby in his crib.
He put the band-aid on the wound.
He put the batteries the wrong way in.
He put the binoculars in his bag.
He put the blame on me.
He put the blame upon me.
He put the blue folder down on the table.
He put the book aside.
He put the book in his bag.
He put the book on the desk.
He put the book on the shelf.
He put the book on the table.
He put the books on the shelf out of order.
He put the box on the table.
He put the cameras underwater.
He put the children to bed.
He put the clothes in the trough.
He put the clothes in the washtub.
He put the coins away.
He put the croquette in the deep fryer.
He put the cupcakes away.
He put the dice in the cup and shook it hard. He needed a five to win the match.
He put the dog in the car.
He put the entire blame on his brother.
He put the final coat of paint on the wall.
He put the fire out.
He put the groceries on the counter.
He put the guitar case down so he could hug her.
He put the gun to her head.
He put the gun to his head.
He put the gun underneath his seat.
He put the idea into my head.
He put the jumper on back to front.
He put the jumper on inside out.
He put the jumper on the wrong way round.
He put the key in his pocket.
He put the key in the lock.
He put the key into his pocket.
He put the key on the desk as usual.
He put the key on the desk, as he always does.
He put the key on the table as usual.
He put the key on the table.
He put the kids to bed.
He put the letter back in its place.
He put the letter in the postbox.
He put the luggage down.
He put the machine in motion.
He put the mike back on its cradle.
He put the milk back in the refrigerator.
He put the mistake down to me.
He put the money in the bag.
He put the money in the bank.
He put the money into his pocket.
He put the money on the table for him.
He put the needle in the drawer.
He put the new tablecloth he had just bought on the table.
He put the note into his pocket.
He put the painting at a very high price.
He put the pencil down on the desk.
He put the pencil in his pocket.
He put the phone down in haste.
He put the phone down.
He put the phone to his ear.
He put the photo back in its place.
He put the photo back in the frame.
He put the pictures into an album.
He put the piece of cheese on top of his taco.
He put the plan into practice.
He put the plate of sandwiches on the table in front of her.
He put the right words at the right time.
He put the ring on Mary's finger.
He put the ring on Mary’s finger.
He put the room in order.
He put the shot farther than I did.
He put the skis on top of the car.
He put the software on his computer.
He put the spider in a terrarium.
He put the suitcases into his car.
He put the teabag on the saucer.
He put the teddy bear in his locker.
He put the tiara on her head.
He put the towel rack on that wall.
He put the towels into the washing machine.
He put the traveler up for the night.
He put the traveller up for the night.
He put the tuition in full.
He put the vodka in the microwave.
He put this box on the table-top.
He put this information to good use.
He put those thoughts aside.
He put three slices of garlic in the vegetables.
He put together a hundred thousand liras in unmarked, used bills as the kidnappers had told him to do.
He put too much emphasis on the matter.
He put two sugar cubes in his tea.
He put up a brave and lone struggle, but up against such heavy odds he couldn't get his business plan accepted.
He put up a brave and lone struggle, but up against such heavy odds he couldn’t get his business plan accepted.
He put up a flag.
He put up a notice about the change in price.
He put up his hand to ask a question.
He put up his hand to catch the ball.
He put up his hand.
He put up his house for sale.
He put up his umbrella.
He put up the notice on the suggestion board with a pin.
He put up with the greatest hardship that no one could imagine.
He put up with the pain for a couple of weeks before finally going to the hospital.
He put us in a difficult situation.
He put weather stripping around the door to keep out drafts.
He put you up to this, didn't he?
He puts Islam first.
He puts a lot of his interest in Japanese literature.
He puts a lot of sugar and cream in his coffee.
He puts a lot of thought into how he thinks.
He puts a ton of sugar in his coffee.
He puts aside a little money each month.
He puts aside his things.
He puts aside some gas.
He puts aside some money every month.
He puts effort to his craftsmanship.
He puts gas in his car twice a week.
He puts himself down for the wrong reasons.
He puts his arm around her.
He puts his money in the bag.
He puts his own interests above everything else.
He puts his studies aside to be able to help his parents.
He puts honor before money.
He puts in the effort to quit smoking.
He puts milk in his coffee.
He puts on a hat and goes quickly out through the door.
He puts on a show of being impartial and unbiased, but I think he's just a guy with no opinion of his own.
He puts on a show of being impartial and unbiased, but I think he’s just a guy with no opinion of his own.
He puts on airs in front of me.
He puts on airs when he visits the village.
He puts on airs.
He puts on an act, smiles in front of his friends, but inside he's heartbroken.
He puts on makeup.
He puts ten dollars aside every week.
He puts the mail on the porch.
He puts too much sugar in his tea.
He puts up with these terms.
He puts work before everything.
He quarreled with her.
He quarreled with his own self.
He quarreled with his wife about their children.
He quarrelled with his brother.
He quarrels with every person he knows.
He quenched the vegetable patch.
He questioned her.
He questioned his sexuality.
He questioned humanity's purpose.
He questioned me at last.
He questioned the college's accreditation.
He questioned the nature of existence.
He questioned the need to explore.
He questioned the role of technology.
He questioningly stared at me.
He questions anything related to the Quran.
He questions everything around him.
He questions the scientific basis of that theory.
He questions the validity of the study.
He questions traditional methods.
He quickened his pace.
He quickly accustomed himself to his new surroundings.
He quickly adapted to his new surroundings.
He quickly adjusted to the new situation.
He quickly ate some cereal and a banana.
He quickly became my best friend.
He quickly climbed into the tree.
He quickly confessed everything.
He quickly disappeared in the crowd.
He quickly established himself as one of the most widely read authors in the country.
He quickly explained the situation.
He quickly explained to me the religion of Islam.
He quickly finished his homework and she was happy with the results.
He quickly flew into a rage.
He quickly gets pissed off.
He quickly hid behind a bush.
He quickly hid in the cave.
He quickly hid the money.
He quickly learnt everything about soft publishing.
He quickly left.
He quickly lost all his savings.
He quickly made friends with the new boy on the block.
He quickly made himself a sandwich.
He quickly made new friends.
He quickly mastered Berber.
He quickly mastered Russian.
He quickly packed up.
He quickly put his clothes on.
He quickly put his trousers on.
He quickly put on his clothes.
He quickly ran.
He quickly read through the abstracts to find the paper he was looking for.
He quickly realized his error.
He quickly realized that he had to drop the act.
He quickly recovered from the shock.
He quickly runs out of breath.
He quickly scanned my manuscript.
He quickly scanned the page for the word he was looking for.
He quickly threw a tantrum.
He quickly vanished.
He quickly went from being a ball boy to a caddy, and then from playing golf to becoming a champion of Cameroon and West Africa.
He quickly went out of the room.
He quieted the baby down.
He quietly knocked at the door.
He quietly knocked on the door.
He quietly left the room.
He quietly said goodbye.
He quietly tosses his backpack into the entryway and goes outside without his mother seeing him.
He quit football to bake.
He quit going out with her because he didn't like her sense of humor.
He quit his job and left.
He quit his job last month.
He quit his job last week.
He quit his job this week.
He quit his job yesterday.
He quit his job.
He quit last week.
He quit running.
He quit school and started staying in his room.
He quit school last week.
He quit school.
He quit smoking cold turkey.
He quit smoking for the sake of his health.
He quit smoking.
He quit soccer.
He quit the company on the grounds that he was ill.
He quit the company.
He quit the hotel he was working for.
He quit the show.
He quit the team.
He quit without notice.
He quit.
He quite often does that by himself.
He quite often eats out.
He quite often exaggerates.
He quoted a higher price possibly because he thought I was a foreigner.
He quoted a passage from the Bible.
He quoted some famous proverbs from the Bible.
He quotes Shakespeare in the original.
He raced around the city in a limousine.
He raced back to the safe room.
He raced down the street.
He raced off the train.
He raced past.
He racked his brains, trying to find a solution.
He radiates happiness around wherever he goes.
He radiates warmth.
He raged like a wild beast.
He raised Lucy from the ground in his arms, and conveying her through the glades of the forest by paths with which he seemed well acquainted, stopped not until he laid her in safety by the side of a plentiful and pellucid fountain, which had been once covered in, screened and decorated with architectural ornaments of a Gothic character.
He raised a finger in protest.
He raised a problem.
He raised a question.
He raised a weapon against me.
He raised an eyebrow in surprise.
He raised an eyebrow quizzically.
He raised an objection to the decision.
He raised cattle and sheep.
He raised himself up on his elbows.
He raised his arm intending to stop a taxi.
He raised his arm to protect his child from getting hurt.
He raised his arm.
He raised his arms in the air in a gesture of victory.
He raised his children to be Muslim.
He raised his eyebrows.
He raised his glass to his lips.
He raised his gun and pointed it at her.
He raised his hand and smiled.
He raised his hand and so did Tomer.
He raised his hand as if to command silence.
He raised his hand in order that the taxi might stop.
He raised his hand tentatively.
He raised his hand to ask a question.
He raised his hand to stop a taxi.
He raised his hand to stop the taxi.
He raised his hand, and so did Tom.
He raised his hand, but no one looked his way.
He raised his hand.
He raised his hands one after the other.
He raised his hands to the sky, begging God.
He raised his hands.
He raised his hat as a token of respect.
He raised his hat from his forehead, and gazing upon Lucy with eyes in which an expression of sorrow overcame their late fierceness, spread his dishevelled locks back from his face, and said, "Do you know me, Miss Ashton? I am still Edgar Ravenswood."
He raised his hat in respect.
He raised his hat when he saw me.
He raised his hat.
He raised his head and asked: why?
He raised his heel against me.
He raised his kids in Kabylie.
He raised his nose.
He raised his right hand.
He raised his son in an Islamic environment.
He raised his son without any help.
He raised his sword, but just as he was about to deliver the fatal blow, an arrow flew through his skull, ending his exploits forever.
He raised his t-shirt.
He raised his voice slightly.
He raised his voice.
He raised its price.
He raised me in the country.
He raised me.
He raised our expectations only to disappoint us.
He raised some good points.
He raised the flag.
He raised the glass to his lips and drained it at one gulp.
He raised the glass to his mouth and drained it all in one shot.
He raised the price for him.
He raised the three children by himself.
He raised three children all by himself.
He raised three children by himself.
He raised tomato plants from seed.
He raises Arabian horses.
He raises chickens.
He raises crops and cows on his farm.
He raises his arm.
He raises his children with a firm hand.
He raises his foot.
He raises horses and cattle.
He raises horses.
He rallied from despair.
He rambled hither and thither.
He rambles incoherently.
He ran 100 meters in 11 seconds flat.
He ran a great risk in the jungle.
He ran a hand over his face.
He ran a hand over his forehead.
He ran a hand through her hair.
He ran a hand through his habitually rumpled hair, stretching his neck until it cracked.
He ran a hand through his hair.
He ran a hundred metres in twelve seconds.
He ran a red light.
He ran a serious risk on my behalf.
He ran across the field.
He ran across the room in the blink of an eye.
He ran across the street, leaving her alone.
He ran after Skura.
He ran after her to stop her.
He ran after her.
He ran after his dog.
He ran after the bus, waving his hand.
He ran after the bus.
He ran after the thief.
He ran an ad in the paper.
He ran and ran, but could not catch up with his dog.
He ran and ran, until at last he saw the telephone booth.
He ran around the house, looking for the source of the noise.
He ran as a candidate, independent of any party.
He ran as an independent candidate.
He ran as fast as a hare.
He ran as fast as any boy in the team.
He ran as fast as he could hoping that he wouldn't miss the train.
He ran as fast as he could to escape from the angry dog.
He ran as fast as he could, but it was too late.
He ran as fast as he could.
He ran as fast as he was able to.
He ran as fast as his legs could carry him.
He ran as fast as his legs would take him.
He ran as fast as his limbs could carry him.
He ran as fast as possible to the police station.
He ran as hard as he could in order to make the 8:30 flight bound for Aomori.
He ran as quickly as he could.
He ran at full speed.
He ran at the park.
He ran at the sight of the policeman.
He ran away a week ago.
He ran away as soon as he saw me.
He ran away as soon as he saw the police.
He ran away as soon as possible.
He ran away at the sight of a police car.
He ran away at the sight of a police patrol.
He ran away at the sight of a policeman.
He ran away at the sight of me.
He ran away at the sight of the policeman.
He ran away for dear life.
He ran away for his life.
He ran away from her.
He ran away from home at sixteen.
He ran away from home at the age of 15.
He ran away from home three times before he was ten.
He ran away from home without the knowledge of his parents.
He ran away from home.
He ran away from it.
He ran away from the camp.
He ran away from the hospital.
He ran away from the pirates.
He ran away from the room to the courtyard.
He ran away from the street to the house.
He ran away in the direction of the wood.
He ran away lest he should be seen.
He ran away on the wedding day.
He ran away so he wouldn't be caught.
He ran away to France.
He ran away when he saw me.
He ran away when he saw the policeman.
He ran away with his tail between his legs.
He ran away with the diamond.
He ran away with the idea that I had done it.
He ran away with the money.
He ran away.
He ran back in the direction of the house.
He ran back inside.
He ran back into his apartment.
He ran back into the great room, no longer trying to still the sound of his footsteps, and opened a second door.
He ran back into the trees.
He ran back to his car.
He ran back to his room.
He ran back to the apartment.
He ran back to the bunker.
He ran back to the bus station.
He ran back to the bus.
He ran back to the car.
He ran back to the gas station.
He ran back to the gazebo.
He ran back to the hospital.
He ran back to the police station.
He ran back to the railway station.
He ran back to the shelter.
He ran back to the station.
He ran back to the train station.
He ran back upstairs.
He ran down the emergency stairs and escaped through the back door.
He ran down the hall.
He ran down the hill.
He ran down the path ahead of her.
He ran down the stairs after her.
He ran down the stairs and hugged her.
He ran down the stairs.
He ran down the street after her.
He ran down to the bottom of the stairs.
He ran down to the lake.
He ran down to the water and climbed aboard a small boat.
He ran downstairs.
He ran fast so as to catch the bus.
He ran faster than his brother did.
He ran faster.
He ran five miles.
He ran for Governor of the state four years ago.
He ran for about a quarter of a mile.
He ran for cover.
He ran for governor of California.
He ran for help.
He ran for his life at the sight of the border guard.
He ran for his life when he realized what was happening.
He ran for his life when the bear appeared.
He ran for his life.
He ran for it.
He ran for mayor.
He ran for reelection, but he lost.
He ran for the car.
He ran for the door.
He ran hard.
He ran here to tell me this.
He ran his fingers through her hair.
He ran his first marathon last weekend.
He ran his first marathon.
He ran his hand over the smooth wooden surface of the table.
He ran his hand through his hair.
He ran his hands over his belly and chest.
He ran home as fast as he could.
He ran home.
He ran inside the house.
He ran inside.
He ran into a similar situation.
He ran into debt.
He ran into her at her job at the mall.
He ran into me and knocked the groceries I was carrying all over the place.
He ran into me.
He ran into some problems.
He ran into the burning house to rescue her.
He ran into the burning house.
He ran into the classroom.
He ran into the house.
He ran into the limo and locked the doors.
He ran into the room with his hat and overcoat on.
He ran into the room.
He ran into the train.
He ran into trouble.
He ran like a scared rabbit.
He ran like blazes.
He ran like crazy to catch up with her.
He ran noisily through the passage.
He ran off the path.
He ran off to meet his teacher.
He ran off with another woman.
He ran off with her.
He ran off with his best friend's wife and hasn't been heard from since.
He ran off with his best friend’s wife and hasn’t been heard from since.
He ran off.
He ran on after the collision, unaware that he was wounded.
He ran on and on, until he was completely exhausted.
He ran on and on.
He ran on for half an hour.
He ran onto the field.
He ran out into traffic.
He ran out of air while trying to swim out of the cave.
He ran out of firewood.
He ran out of food.
He ran out of fuel.
He ran out of gas on his way here.
He ran out of gas.
He ran out of his room and looked for his parents.
He ran out of luck.
He ran out of money.
He ran out of the house.
He ran out of the mosque.
He ran out of the room in anger.
He ran out of the room.
He ran out of time and didn't prioritize.
He ran out of time.
He ran out of water.
He ran out screaming.
He ran out.
He ran outside naked.
He ran outside.
He ran over her lines once before she went on stage.
He ran over to help her.
He ran over to the front door.
He ran over to the window.
He ran parallel to the beach.
He ran past Skura.
He ran past her.
He ran past me.
He ran past without noticing her.
He ran quickly to the door.
He ran rings around the other players.
He ran sheer into the wall.
He ran so fast that I couldn't catch up with him.
He ran so fast that I couldn’t catch up with him.
He ran so fast that he was out of breath.
He ran so fast that they couldn't catch up with him.
He ran so fast that we couldn't catch up with him.
He ran so fast that we couldn’t catch up with him.
He ran so he would get there on time.
He ran straight home after school.
He ran the car into a lamppost.
He ran the entire way home.
He ran the fastest of all.
He ran the marathon.
He ran the risk of being caught and imprisoned.
He ran the risk of being shot.
He ran the risk of having an accident.
He ran the train over a cliff.
He ran through my manuscript.
He ran through the streets naked.
He ran to Mom in the living room.
He ran to arrive on time.
He ran to catch the lunch at the soup kitchen.
He ran to catch up to her.
He ran to catch up to his brother.
He ran to catch up with her.
He ran to get his camera.
He ran to help her.
He ran to her aid.
He ran to her to see if she was OK.
He ran to her.
He ran to his car and got in.
He ran to his car.
He ran to his mother in the library.
He ran to me.
He ran to school, arriving in time.
He ran to school.
He ran to the bathroom and locked himself in.
He ran to the bedroom to wake up Mom.
He ran to the cave.
He ran to the court.
He ran to the field.
He ran to the front of the bus.
He ran to the living room.
He ran to the mailbox.
He ran to the principal's office.
He ran to the station and caught the train.
He ran to the station to greet us.
He ran to the station to welcome us.
He ran to the train.
He ran too fast for me to keep up with him.
He ran too fast for us to catch up with.
He ran toward me as fast as he could.
He ran towards Mom.
He ran towards the back of the bus.
He ran towards the other door.
He ran until he reached the school parking lot.
He ran up the stairs breathing very hard.
He ran up the stairs panting.
He ran up the stairs.
He ran up to her.
He ran up to me.
He ran upstairs.
He ran water into the bathtub.
He ran, realizing that he was late for school.
He ran, so as to arrive on time.
He ran.
He randomly opened the Quran and started reading.
He rang Tom, the only person who could help him.
He rang and she answered.
He rang at midnight.
He rang back three minutes later.
He rang her mobile.
He rang his cousin in Algiers to find out how his aunt is doing.
He rang in the middle of the night.
He rang me at home.
He rang me before he arrived.
He rang me constantly.
He rang me up at midnight.
He rang the buzzer three times, but no one opened the door.
He rang the doorbell three times, but no one answered.
He rang the doorbell twice.
He rang the doorbell.
He rang. He wants me to come more often.
He ranges with the great writers.
He ranked close to the top.
He ranked fourth on a total of 56 runners.
He raped me.
He rapidly ascended to the top.
He rarely acknowledges my efforts in teamwork.
He rarely admits when he’s wrong.
He rarely appeared sober.
He rarely attends services.
He rarely comes to Algeria.
He rarely comes to see me.
He rarely does that by himself.
He rarely eats dinner at home.
He rarely eats with his family.
He rarely exercises or engages in physical activity.
He rarely gets angry.
He rarely gives in, confronted with difficulties.
He rarely gives up.
He rarely goes there.
He rarely goes to church.
He rarely goes to the cinema.
He rarely goes to the movies.
He rarely helps with chores.
He rarely leaves the house.
He rarely left the house.
He rarely mentions his own life.
He rarely puts sugar in his coffee.
He rarely reads.
He rarely spoke.
He rarely stays at home on Sunday.
He rarely stays home on Sunday.
He rarely studies chemistry.
He rarely takes dinner at home.
He rarely takes the train unaccompanied.
He rarely talks about him.
He rarely talks about himself.
He rarely talks about his problems.
He rarely talks about his work.
He rarely talks about it.
He rarely uses his phone.
He rarely walks away from challenges.
He rarely went there.
He rarely went to the dentist.
He rarely went to the doctor.
He rarely went upstairs.
He rarely writes to his father.
He ratted us out.
He re-read the letter carefully.
He reached Kyoto on Saturday.
He reached across the table and shook my hand.
He reached an agreement with her.
He reached down to pet his dog.
He reached for an English-Japanese dictionary on the desk.
He reached for another cup.
He reached for his drink.
He reached for his glass of milk.
He reached for his glasses.
He reached for his guitar.
He reached for his gun.
He reached for his hat.
He reached for his pen.
He reached for his phone.
He reached for his pint.
He reached for the apple.
He reached for the bag.
He reached for the book.
He reached for the dictionary.
He reached for the pen on the table.
He reached for the pistol.
He reached for the spigot to turn the water off.
He reached her then despised her.
He reached him unjustly.
He reached his goal at last.
He reached his goal.
He reached his hand out to me.
He reached his hand out, and tried to pick the fruit, but couldn't.
He reached his hand out, and tried to pick the fruit, but couldn’t.
He reached home shortly before five o'clock.
He reached home shortly before five o’clock.
He reached into his backpack and pulled out a 9mm pistol.
He reached into his bag.
He reached into his coat pocket.
He reached into his pocket.
He reached into the case and stopped the pendulum.
He reached ninety years of age with a sharp mind.
He reached out and took down a small leather bound book.
He reached out for a book and suddenly the shelf fell on top of him.
He reached out for the book.
He reached out for the sugar that was on the other table.
He reached out for the sugar that was on the table.
He reached out his hand for a cigar, and cut the end.
He reached out his hand for the knife, but it was too far away.
He reached out his hand.
He reached out to me.
He reached out to touch her.
He reached that shelf.
He reached the Algerian coast.
He reached the blue sea.
He reached the crest.
He reached the end of the game.
He reached the end of the tunnel.
He reached the last level.
He reached the level of non-commissioned officer in the army, but didn't have a college degree so he could go no higher.
He reached the moon.
He reached the peak.
He reached the rank of general.
He reached the school parking lot.
He reached the shore.
He reached the station on time.
He reached the station.
He reached under his seat.
He reacted furiously.
He reacted like a cornered animal.
He reacted the way any caged animal would.
He reacted violently.
He reacted.
He reacts to cold extremely strongly.
He reacts.
He read English Literature at Oxford University.
He read a Berber grammar.
He read a book about Islam.
He read a book about giraffes.
He read a book all morning.
He read a book quietly, as though nothing had happened.
He read a book quietly.
He read a book written in English.
He read a book.
He read a boring novel.
He read a comic book.
He read a different book about Islam.
He read a few pages of the Quran.
He read a lot about Islam.
He read a lot about the history of Islam.
He read a lot of books in Berber.
He read a lot.
He read a most interesting novel yesterday.
He read a passage from Shakespeare.
He read a pile of book about Islam.
He read a really long book today.
He read a science fiction book.
He read a story to his children.
He read a story to his son.
He read a translation of the Quran.
He read about Islam on his own.
He read about Islam.
He read adventure books.
He read an Islamic newspaper.
He read an extract from Shakespeare.
He read and reread the letter she had sent, but still he could not understand what she was trying to say.
He read another book about Islam.
He read another book by Thomas Hardy.
He read anything he could lay his hands on.
He read books all morning.
He read books in Berber.
He read every Berber book I had.
He read everything he could find.
He read excellent books to develop his mind.
He read for more than two and a half hours.
He read four books on Berber linguistics.
He read her diary and found out that she had been cheating on him.
He read her diary.
He read her note.
He read his books until midnight.
He read his children a story.
He read his son a story.
He read into my words a message that I hadn't intended.
He read into my words a message that I hadn’t intended.
He read my mind.
He read physics at Oxford.
He read so many books about Islam.
He read some forty books about Algeria.
He read that book.
He read that in her diary.
He read that in the Quran.
He read that message from a phone.
He read the Quran entirely in four days.
He read the Quran for himself.
He read the Quran from cover to cover.
He read the Quran from front to cover.
He read the Quran in Arabic.
He read the Quran over and over again.
He read the Quran to her.
He read the Quran.
He read the article over and over again.
He read the autobiography of Malcolm X.
He read the billboard out loud.
He read the book aloud to her.
He read the book from cover to cover.
He read the book from start to finish.
He read the book from the first to the last page.
He read the book in one day.
He read the book in the library.
He read the book through.
He read the book without the slightest interest.
He read the book yesterday.
He read the book.
He read the cables.
He read the comments.
He read the document aloud.
He read the entire Old Testament in one year.
He read the funeral message in Berber.
He read the hieroglyphs.
He read the instructions.
He read the letter I had left on the desk.
He read the letter again and again.
He read the letter first and then handed it to her.
He read the letter in a loud voice.
He read the letter in front of everyone.
He read the letter over and over.
He read the letter several times.
He read the letter slowly and emphasized each word.
He read the letter slowly.
He read the letter with tears running down his cheeks.
He read the message.
He read the newspaper and fell asleep.
He read the passage in Berber.
He read the poem again.
He read the poem aloud.
He read the poem he wrote for her.
He read the poem in a monotone.
He read the poem to her.
He read the poem with a loud voice.
He read the replies.
He read the signs.
He read the story five times over.
He read the temperature on the thermometer and wrote it in his logbook.
He read the text, but he hasn't replied.
He read the translation of the Quran in Hebrew in less than a week.
He read the whole Bible.
He read the whole Quran.
He read the whole series.
He read them all, good heavens!
He read this book yesterday.
He read this in the press.
He read this poem only once, he can't know it by heart.
He read this poem only once, he can’t know it by heart.
He read to his heart's content.
He read to his heart’s content.
He read to his three sons.
He read to you what he wrote.
He read.
He readily agreed to it.
He readily agreed to my proposal.
He reads 10 books when he returns to the house.
He reads Arabic.
He reads Berber books.
He reads French and German, not to speak of English.
He reads French.
He reads a book.
He reads a good deal.
He reads a great deal.
He reads a lot in Berber.
He reads a lot of books.
He reads a lot of science-fiction.
He reads a lot.
He reads a newspaper.
He reads a novel every day.
He reads all day.
He reads and writes at the same time.
He reads as many as twenty books every week.
He reads at least ten books a month.
He reads before bedtime.
He reads before going to sleep.
He reads before he goes to sleep.
He reads before sleeping.
He reads better than I do.
He reads books at random.
He reads carefully the novels given to him.
He reads comic books.
He reads detective stories on occasion.
He reads everything.
He reads foreign books, not to mention Japanese ones.
He reads in his room.
He reads non-stop.
He reads novels every day.
He reads novels in Kabyle.
He reads novels.
He reads one book a week.
He reads only prose.
He reads slowly.
He reads ten books a month at least.
He reads the Quran very quickly.
He reads the Quran.
He reads the menu.
He reads the newspaper every morning.
He reads the newspaper in order to keep up with the times.
He reads the newspaper.
He reads the novels given to him in depth.
He reads the paper every morning.
He reads this book hard.
He reads to his daughter.
He reads twenty books a week.
He reads twenty books every week.
He reads voraciously.
He reads with his fingers.
He reads.
He realised he needed to apologise.
He realised he was going to freeze to death.
He realised he'd left the house open and unattended.
He realised his dream of becoming an accountant.
He realised his efforts were in vain.
He realised now that he had mucked everything up.
He realised that everyone had their eyes on him.
He realised that he could no longer continue to work.
He realised that he couldn't go on working any longer.
He realised that he was lying to himself.
He realised that something was oppressing her.
He realised the privileges he had just by being born in the right part of the world.
He realises he's not good-looking.
He realises he's not handsome.
He realises that he's not good-looking.
He realized Paul had stood him up.
He realized a large sum by the sale of the plantation.
He realized early on.
He realized he couldn't do that.
He realized he couldn't talk.
He realized he had a mission.
He realized he had made a fool of himself.
He realized he had made a mistake.
He realized he had no choice.
He realized he had to do that.
He realized he had to help her.
He realized he had to leave.
He realized he might die.
He realized he needed to do that.
He realized he no longer needed to help her.
He realized he ought to do that.
He realized he should do that.
He realized he shouldn't do that.
He realized he was a suspect.
He realized he was alone.
He realized he was being followed.
He realized he was going to die.
He realized he was in deep trouble.
He realized he was in love with her.
He realized he was in trouble.
He realized he was running out of time.
He realized he was trapped.
He realized he was wrong.
He realized he wasn't alone.
He realized he'd been unreasonable.
He realized he'd fallen in love with her.
He realized he'd made a mistake.
He realized he'd said way too much.
He realized his ambition to sail around the world.
He realized his dream of becoming an artist.
He realized his dream.
He realized his failure.
He realized his limitations.
He realized his time was up.
He realized his wishes.
He realized how much he missed her only when she left him.
He realized she was being sarcastic when she flexed her fingers for flamboyant air quotes.
He realized something was up.
He realized that Islam started to make more and more sense to him.
He realized that he had failed to ask her many important questions.
He realized that he had lost his wallet.
He realized that he had to do that.
He realized that he might be late.
He realized that he might die.
He realized that he no longer needed to help her.
He realized that he should do that.
He realized that he was beside himself.
He realized that he was drowning.
He realized that he was dying.
He realized that he was in love with her.
He realized that he was on his own.
He realized that he was trapped.
He realized that he was wrong.
He realized that he'd fallen in love with her.
He realized that the visitors had tricked him.
He realized that there was nothing he could do to help her.
He realized that to have a comfortable life, he needed money.
He realized that.
He realized the magnitude of his crime.
He realized the mistake he'd made.
He realized there was no way he could do that by himself.
He realized there was nothing he could do to help her.
He realized there were some boos mixed with the cheering.
He realized what he had to do.
He realizes he's being ignored.
He realizes he's made a mistake.
He realizes that public officials are human, and that as human beings they are capable of misjudgement.
He realizes what he has done.
He really admires Nelson Mandela.
He really appreciated my work.
He really began thinking seriously about converting to Islam.
He really believes in helping those in need.
He really broke down.
He really cares for his parents.
He really caught my attention.
He really cut corners when he was completing the assignment.
He really deserves it.
He really despised her.
He really despises her.
He really did a number on me.
He really did fall for her.
He really did latch on to her quickly.
He really did that.
He really didn't want to work with her.
He really does deserve your endorsement.
He really does detest giving speeches in front of large audiences.
He really does hate dogs.
He really does have small dick energy.
He really does swim well, doesn't he?
He really doesn't have an excuse not to try.
He really doesn't know how old he is.
He really doesn't know how to do anything else.
He really doesn't like Algiers.
He really doesn't like her.
He really doesn't like that.
He really doesn't like to fly.
He really doesn't want to go to the cinema.
He really enjoyed his meal.
He really enjoyed reading those books.
He really enjoyed the class.
He really enjoyed those oranges.
He really enjoys and appreciates classical music.
He really enjoys his job.
He really enjoys spending time with me.
He really felt home at the theater group.
He really fooled her.
He really frightened me.
He really gets across me.
He really gets into anything he tries.
He really gets on my nerves.
He really got sick.
He really got to know his students.
He really got to me.
He really had a dream that he wanted to make a reality.
He really had a higher Berber level.
He really had everything.
He really had fun.
He really has it out for people.
He really has no manners.
He really has to get to work.
He really hated science and math.
He really hated that.
He really hates dogs.
He really hates her.
He really hates lies.
He really helped me improve my Berber.
He really helped me.
He really hurt himself.
He really irritates me.
He really is a great player.
He really is a legend, isn't he?
He really is a nice guy.
He really is disrespectful.
He really is good, isn't he?
He really is ill.
He really is in love with her.
He really is over seventy.
He really is stupid, isn't he?
He really is submissive, isn't he?
He really knew what he wanted.
He really knows his stuff.
He really knows how to cook.
He really knows what he's doing.
He really let himself go.
He really liked Algeria.
He really liked her.
He really liked me!
He really liked that part.
He really liked the new album.
He really likes Berber.
He really likes Burundi.
He really likes English.
He really likes baseball.
He really likes beautiful women.
He really likes going to the theater.
He really likes her company.
He really likes her.
He really likes his job.
He really likes his new job.
He really likes it.
He really likes languages.
He really likes music a lot.
He really likes our show.
He really likes painting.
He really likes playing the guitar.
He really likes science fiction novels a lot.
He really likes science fiction.
He really likes that computer game.
He really likes the United States.
He really likes the truck.
He really likes this type of video.
He really likes to sing.
He really likes to talk.
He really likes traveling a lot.
He really likes travelling.
He really likes you.
He really likes your truck.
He really lived in Rome.
He really looks like he's in a lot of pain.
He really loved her.
He really loved me.
He really loved that woman.
He really loves beer and gets drunk every day.
He really loves her.
He really loves his country.
He really loves oranges.
He really loves that perfume.
He really loves the children he teaches.
He really loves to laugh!
He really loves wine.
He really makes me angry.
He really misses Algiers.
He really misses her.
He really misses his family.
He really motivated me a lot to study Berber.
He really needed a computer.
He really needed that cash.
He really needed the computer.
He really needed to learn Berber.
He really needs a new car.
He really needs that money.
He really needs that.
He really needs to evolve as a person.
He really needs to expand his Berber vocabulary.
He really needs to find her.
He really needs to find that ring.
He really needs to get to Dallas.
He really needs to go home.
He really needs to try.
He really needs your help.
He really ought to know better.
He really pissed me off.
He really put his foot in it.
He really ran.
He really respects you.
He really scared me.
He really scared you, didn't he?
He really seemed happy to meet us again, and yet how strange that for years he should never have communicated with us.
He really seems to be having a good time with her.
He really seems to like her.
He really should be helping her.
He really should be in his room.
He really should know better.
He really should've done that by himself.
He really should've helped her.
He really struggled to lose weight.
He really thinks he's the centre of the universe.
He really thinks that he has some kind of superior knowledge.
He really thought he could scare her.
He really thought he was going to lose her.
He really thought that he was going to lose her.
He really ticked me off.
He really turns me off.
He really turns me on.
He really wanted to dance with her.
He really wanted to go to Australia.
He really wanted to go to Boston with her.
He really wanted to go to Kabylie.
He really wanted to go to the States.
He really wanted to have children.
He really wanted to hug her.
He really wanted to kiss her.
He really wanted to meet Elon Musk.
He really wanted to see her.
He really wanted to sit down.
He really wanted to talk to her.
He really wants this dog.
He really wants to be Muslim.
He really wants to buy a new motorcycle.
He really wants to convert to Islam.
He really wants to go there.
He really wants to go to the arcade.
He really wants to improve.
He really wants to keep his job.
He really wants to learn Berber and he's working hard for that.
He really wants to learn Berber.
He really wants to meet you.
He really wants to see you.
He really wants to study Berber.
He really wants to succeed.
He really wants to work as a simultaneous interpreter.
He really wants to work as a translator.
He really was a ladies' man.
He reaped his field.
He reaped many advantages from his friend's good fortune.
He reared me in the country.
He reared three children by himself.
He rearranged the stuffed animals on the bed.
He rears cattle on his farm.
He reasoned her into believing what he said.
He reasoned with his child about the matter.
He reasons like an adult.
He reassured Mina.
He reassured her.
He reassures her when she's unsure.
He rebuilt his life in Algeria.
He recalled all the past events.
He recalled every broken promise.
He recalled that a collision had been avoided by sheer luck.
He recalled the captivating ending of the book.
He recalled what happened.
He recalls the early days of the outbreak, saying "more and more patients were admitted to my ICU. Among all those patients there were many health care professionals. There were nurses, there were doctors, there were occupational therapists, a radiographer and some assistants. When the number of health care workers increased we also felt worried. We might bring this disease back to our family."
He recanted his testimony.
He received a better education than his father.
He received a birthday card from her.
He received a book from this man.
He received a call from her.
He received a cartload of offences.
He received a certificate of maturity.
He received a certified letter from NASA.
He received a fine for driving too fast.
He received a golden watch as a prize.
He received a good education in England.
He received a good education.
He received a good many letters this morning.
He received a grant to study in Germany.
He received a heavy blow on the head.
He received a large sum in insurance benefit.
He received a large sum of money in compensation for his injury.
He received a letter from Silya.
He received a letter from an old friend yesterday.
He received a letter from her, but inside were just a few cold, terse words.
He received a letter from her, but it was composed of just a few cold, terse words.
He received a letter from her.
He received a letter from his boss.
He received a letter from the bank.
He received a lot of praise.
He received a lot of sound advice from his parents.
He received a message.
He received a million-dollar settlement.
He received a pair of shoes for nothing.
He received a phone call just before leaving the office.
He received a ransom demand.
He received a registered letter.
He received a sizable advance for his book.
He received a telegram from her.
He received a telegram saying that his mother had died.
He received a telephone call from her.
He received a text from her.
He received a text from his agent.
He received a text message from her.
He received a ticket in return for the money.
He received a tremendous punch on the jaw from his opponent.
He received an accredited certification.
He received an email from her.
He received an honorable discharge from the army.
He received an orphan.
He received an unexpected call from her.
He received an urgent message to call his wife.
He received another donation from the US.
He received cheers and applause.
He received damages of a million dollars.
He received donations from around the world.
He received donations.
He received everything they provided him.
He received four e-mails.
He received her letters amidst the loneliness of solitary confinement.
He received his doctorate in 2013.
He received me cordially.
He received more than six million votes.
He received much applause.
He received no compensation for his service.
He received no share of his father's inheritance.
He received oaths of fealty from all his humbled adversaries.
He received official permission to come to Algeria.
He received pretty good quality care.
He received quite a few letters this morning.
He received rough treatment.
He received seven thousand dollars.
He received several Lego sets for his birthday.
He received several military distinctions.
He received standing ovations from the crowd of piano lovers gathered at Texas Christian University.
He received the guests.
He received the letters.
He received the package.
He received the promised ten thousand dollars.
He received the reward.
He received three ships from the Queen.
He received two millions in cash from the King, and other assistances.
He receives a high salary.
He receives subsidised student loans.
He receives the keys.
He recently brewed what he calls an African Pale Ale (APA) using the SAB (South African Breweries) hop, as have other microbrewers in South Africa.
He recently completed his college studies.
He recently converted to Islam.
He recently dyed his hair red.
He recently earned his law degree.
He recently found a good job.
He recently had the bad luck to incur his boss' wrath and got sent out to work in the boondocks.
He recently had the bad luck to incur his boss’ wrath and got sent out to work in the boondocks.
He recently purchased that house.
He recently refused to do me a favour.
He recently returned from exile in Algeria.
He recently sent me a moving poem that he wrote after his mother's death.
He recently sent me a touching poem he wrote after his mother's death.
He recently shut the company down.
He recently started school.
He recently traded in his jeep for a new Mercedes.
He rechecked the data.
He recited the Quran to his mother.
He recited the Quran.
He recited the adhan.
He recited the prayer.
He recited the vows in Berber.
He recites the Quran beautifully.
He recites the Quran in Arabic.
He recognised her and blushed.
He recognised me to be a more experienced driver.
He recognized Mina.
He recognized her as soon as he saw her.
He recognized her by her voice.
He recognized her the second he saw her.
He recognized her.
He recognized his son as lawful heir.
He recognized its significance.
He recognized me from the movie.
He recognized me right away.
He recognized that guy.
He recognized that it was difficult to make the students understand his ideas.
He recognized the voice.
He recognizes his fault.
He recognizes that door.
He recognizes the sacrifices they've made.
He recoiled before his master's anger.
He recoiled before his master’s anger.
He recommended a C-section.
He recommended a book for you to read.
He recommended her to read the Quran.
He recommended her.
He recommended me to apply for the job.
He recommended that I go there.
He recommended that I not believe in what he said.
He recommended that she buy it.
He recommended the film, so I went to see it.
He recommended the novel to them.
He recommended this dictionary to me.
He recommended this dictionary to the students.
He reconsidered his decision.
He recorded a documentary and gave it to me.
He recorded a song and shared it online.
He recorded a video with Mom's phone.
He recorded attendance at the start of the day.
He recorded each thing he saw.
He recorded it.
He recorded that on his phone.
He recorded that.
He recorded the conversation.
He recorded the crime.
He recorded the game.
He recounted an interesting story to us.
He recounted everything that had occurred.
He recounted his unusual experiences.
He recounted the accident to me as if he had seen it with his own eyes.
He recounted the entire story.
He recovered from cancer.
He recovered from his illness.
He recovered from his surprise.
He recovered from his wounds.
He recovered from the shock.
He recovered his sanity.
He recovered his stolen wallet.
He recovered little by little.
He recovered quickly.
He recovered the balance of his mind.
He recovered the money.
He recovered the stolen money.
He recovered.
He recycled batteries.
He recycled plastic.
He recycles paper.
He reddened like a schoolboy.
He redeemed his watch from the pawnbroker.
He redeemed two weeks' leave and went off to China.
He redeems himself.
He redirected the ball with a backheel.
He redirected the ball with a flick.
He redoubled his efforts.
He reduced its cost.
He reduced the price for him.
He reeked of liquor.
He reeled in a huge fish yesterday.
He reemerged from the house with a shotgun.
He referred his success to the good teaching he had had.
He referred to her again and again on our walk home, and since then hardly a day has passed that we have not seen something of the brother and sister.
He referred to his notes.
He referred to his past experience in his speech.
He referred to the subject.
He referred to your illness.
He refilled his coffee cup.
He refilled his coffee mug.
He refilled his glass.
He refines his ideas with every iteration.
He reflected for a moment.
He reflected on his errors.
He reflected on his own thoughts.
He reflected on how quickly time passes.
He reflected on the story.
He reflected on what answer to make.
He reflected on what he'd done.
He reflects like her as well.
He reflects like me as well.
He reflects on every creative choice.
He reflects on his journey regularly.
He reflects on his purpose.
He reformatted his hard drive.
He reformed his indecent ways.
He reformulates what the guest says.
He refrained from drinking too much.
He refrained from speaking at the meeting.
He refrained from taking a bath.
He refreshed himself with a cup of tea.
He refused again, saying that he hadn't seen anything and didn't know anything.
He refused everything that came from them.
He refused my friend request.
He refused my invitation.
He refused my offer for no good reason.
He refused my offer to drive him home.
He refused my offer to help him.
He refused our invitation.
He refused our offer of help.
He refused our offer to arrange a press conference.
He refused the food I offered him.
He refused the food with disgust.
He refused the food.
He refused to accept his defeat.
He refused to accept such an absurd proposal.
He refused to accept the defeat.
He refused to accept the gift from her.
He refused to accept the money.
He refused to acknowledge having received a bribe.
He refused to admit he was wrong.
He refused to admit he'd done that.
He refused to admit it.
He refused to admit that he had received a bribe.
He refused to answer her.
He refused to answer my question.
He refused to answer my questions.
He refused to answer questions about his personal finances.
He refused to answer that question.
He refused to answer the question.
He refused to ask for advice from experts.
He refused to believe her.
He refused to believe it.
He refused to believe that she was guilty.
He refused to believe that.
He refused to change his mind.
He refused to close the door.
He refused to come and help me.
He refused to come out of that room.
He refused to conform.
He refused to consider my offer.
He refused to consider the offer.
He refused to contribute to the expenses.
He refused to convert to Islam.
He refused to correct his sentences.
He refused to correct those sentences.
He refused to depart from the tavern.
He refused to do much campaigning.
He refused to do so.
He refused to eat his lunch.
He refused to eat the food.
He refused to eat the meat.
He refused to eat the vegetables.
He refused to enter into any commercial dealings that might implicate him in the existing system, and warp his feelings in favour of it.
He refused to even talk to her.
He refused to exercise self-restraint.
He refused to forgive her.
He refused to get involved in the dispute.
He refused to get involved in the robbery.
He refused to get off the ship.
He refused to give an explanation.
He refused to give an interview.
He refused to give his name.
He refused to give me his recipe.
He refused to give them the information.
He refused to give up.
He refused to go on holiday with his parents.
He refused to go to Boston with her.
He refused to go to the Algerian embassy.
He refused to help her do her homework.
He refused to help her.
He refused to help me.
He refused to help them.
He refused to inform them.
He refused to kill the animal.
He refused to kiss her.
He refused to laugh.
He refused to leave the bar.
He refused to leave the children behind.
He refused to leave the ship.
He refused to leave without her.
He refused to leave.
He refused to lend me money.
He refused to let me help him.
He refused to let me in his room.
He refused to listen to her.
He refused to listen to our request for help.
He refused to make quick decisions.
He refused to marry his daughter to Adam.
He refused to marry the girl who was introduced to him by his parents.
He refused to notice me.
He refused to pay for the fishing trip.
He refused to pay his bill.
He refused to pay his bills.
He refused to pay protection money.
He refused to pay the bills.
He refused to pay.
He refused to quit despite many obstacles.
He refused to return to Algeria.
He refused to reveal any information.
He refused to sacrifice his principles for money.
He refused to say more about it.
He refused to say more about that.
He refused to say what he did.
He refused to settle down.
He refused to shake hands with her.
He refused to shake hands with me.
He refused to shake hands.
He refused to shake my hand.
He refused to sign his name.
He refused to sign the documents.
He refused to sit with her.
He refused to speak in Berber.
He refused to speak to her.
He refused to take no for an answer.
He refused to take the bribe.
He refused to talk to Mom all day.
He refused to talk to me.
He refused to tell me what happened.
He refused to tell us what he did.
He refused to think about my proposal.
He refused to wait for her.
He refused to work with her.
He refused to worry about the future.
He refused, after he had seen the woman.
He refused.
He refuses formula.
He refuses the progress.
He refuses to accept being old.
He refuses to accept his old age.
He refuses to accept that he is old.
He refuses to answer.
He refuses to be alone.
He refuses to be silenced.
He refuses to become involved in the trouble.
He refuses to believe her.
He refuses to believe that one of my brothers is responsible for my father's death.
He refuses to believe that one of my brothers is responsible for my father’s death.
He refuses to believe us.
He refuses to buy anything made in China.
He refuses to close the door.
He refuses to come to the negotiating table.
He refuses to come.
He refuses to cover himself.
He refuses to do anything for her.
He refuses to eat his vegetables.
He refuses to finish up there for you.
He refuses to formally recognise our son.
He refuses to go into exile.
He refuses to go.
He refuses to introduce us to his fiancée.
He refuses to introduce us to his future wife.
He refuses to invite misfortune into his life.
He refuses to let it go.
He refuses to listen to his mother.
He refuses to listen to me.
He refuses to listen to my words.
He refuses to meet him.
He refuses to say he's sorry.
He refuses to sign.
He refuses to take orders from her.
He refuses to unlock the entrance for me.
He regained a little coherence.
He regained all the weight she'd lost.
He regained all the weight that she'd lost.
He regained consciousness and was able to talk.
He regained consciousness in hospital.
He regained consciousness in the hospital.
He regained consciousness three hours after the accident.
He regained consciousness.
He regained his balance.
He regained his composure.
He regained his health.
He regained his sight.
He regarded her with worship in his eyes.
He regarded the money as gone.
He regarded the story as a joke.
He regards me as I regard him.
He regards so-called compulsory education as useless.
He regards women as disposable pleasures rather than as meaningful pursuits.
He regards your efforts with the utmost esteem.
He regrets doing what he did.
He regrets having been idle when he was young.
He regrets having been idle when young.
He regrets having been lazy.
He regrets having been rude to her.
He regrets having neglected his studies in his school days.
He regrets having wasted his time.
He regrets his having wasted his money.
He regrets his mistake.
He regrets his stupid acts.
He regrets insulting her.
He regrets not having studied hard at school.
He regrets not having worked harder at school.
He regrets that he did that.
He regrets what he did.
He regrets.
He regretted being lazy last term.
He regretted borrowing the book from her.
He regretted everything he'd done.
He regretted everything.
He regretted going to Algeria.
He regretted having been idle.
He regretted having been lazy in the former term.
He regretted having been lazy.
He regretted having borrowed that book from her.
He regretted having quit his job.
He regretted having wasted a great deal of his life.
He regretted his misdeeds.
He regretted it afterwards.
He regretted lying to her.
He regretted lying.
He regretted not having taken my advice.
He regretted quitting his job.
He regretted squandering his money.
He regretted that he could not read the more academic logograms in the advanced book that he found trashed at the university.
He regretted that he had put off going to the doctor.
He regretted that he had succeeded to the farm.
He regretted trasferring to that school.
He regretted wasting his money.
He regretted what he did.
He regretted what he'd done.
He regularly abuses alcohol.
He regularly does things that his parents forbid him from doing.
He regularly eats doner kebab with his friends.
He regularly posts Islamophobic statements on his Facebook page.
He regularly resorts to vulgar language with her.
He regularly trains with bodybuilding equipment.
He regularly uses offensive language with her.
He reigned over them for a long time.
He reignited the fire.
He reined up his horse on the top of a gentle eminence, from which he observed the busy and gay scene beneath him.
He reiterated this advice several more times during the meeting.
He rejected Islam.
He rejected all the objections.
He rejected even the cereal.
He rejected her advances.
He rejected her.
He rejected my offer flatly.
He rejected my request.
He rejected our demand flatly.
He rejected our offer.
He rejected the offer.
He rejects my advice.
He rejects our religion.
He rejoiced at her success.
He rejoiced at his mother's arrival.
He rejoiced at his mother’s arrival.
He rejoiced at the successful business transaction.
He related his experiences.
He related to his wife something interesting about his employer.
He relaxed his grip.
He relaxed his hold on me.
He relaxed.
He relaxes in the orchard.
He relayed the message.
He released a new book.
He released her.
He released his grip.
He released the cork.
He relegates the boring tasks to his assistant.
He relented.
He relied on her.
He relied on his companions.
He relied on his family and friends to look after his children.
He relied on his intelligence to get what he wanted.
He relies on her.
He relies on him.
He relies on his brothers.
He relies on his dad to find job for him.
He relies on his wife financially.
He relies on junk food for convenience.
He relies on me too much.
He relies on me.
He relies on you.
He relies totally on God.
He relies upon drink to escape from his worries.
He relished the ordinariness of post-war life.
He relocated from Bejaia to Algiers.
He relocated his family to Algeria.
He reluctantly admitted it.
He reluctantly agreed that he wouldn't tell her.
He reluctantly agreed to my proposal.
He reluctantly agreed, without even looking at me.
He reluctantly agreed.
He reluctantly did as he was told.
He reluctantly did it.
He reluctantly did that by himself.
He reluctantly followed her.
He reluctantly started washing the dishes.
He reluctantly took his seat.
He reluctantly went by himself.
He reluctantly went to check the door.
He reluctantly went to see her.
He remained a bachelor all his life.
He remained a bachelor throughout his life.
He remained a poor man.
He remained abroad ever since then.
He remained abroad later on.
He remained abroad seven years, spending the last four on the Continent, some transcriptions of his experience being found in the celebrated Marble Faun and in several volumes of Note-Books.
He remained absent.
He remained absolutely speechless.
He remained alone in life.
He remained alone in the huge house.
He remained alone.
He remained at the top of the class at school.
He remained calm even in the presence of danger.
He remained calm in the face of such danger.
He remained calm.
He remained close to me today.
He remained dumb during this discussion.
He remained dumb.
He remained faithful no matter the distance.
He remained faithful through every challenge.
He remained faithful to the last.
He remained grave and thoughtful while they resumed their journey.
He remained impassive, with a sneer on his face.
He remained in Algiers.
He remained in Germany.
He remained in a state of shock.
He remained in his room all day.
He remained indifferent.
He remained loyal through every hardship.
He remained motionless, staring at her.
He remained my friend.
He remained poor all his life.
He remained poor despite being a hard worker.
He remained poor his whole life.
He remained seated and tried to give the best impression possible.
He remained silent during the meeting.
He remained silent during this discussion.
He remained silent for a long time.
He remained silent for a while.
He remained silent like a stone.
He remained silent so as to not incriminate himself.
He remained silent the whole time.
He remained silent throughout the debate.
He remained silent, so that she got still more angry.
He remained silent, which made her still more angry.
He remained silent.
He remained single all his life.
He remained single his whole life.
He remained single till the end of his day.
He remained staring miserably across at the hills, whose still beauty he begrudged.
He remained steadfast to his principles.
He remained still.
He remained there for a while before coming back.
He remained there for four years. Great joy and distress awaited him.
He remained there for many months under close guard.
He remained thoughtful for a long time, trying to find a solution to the problem.
He remained unmarried all his life.
He remained unmarried his whole life.
He remained unresponsive to you.
He remains a mystery to me.
He remains alone.
He remains at liberty.
He remains calm in the face of danger.
He remains loyal to his principles.
He remains optimistic.
He remains popular with the party rank and file.
He remains sick in bed.
He remains the greatest singer to this day.
He remains unknown.
He remains unnoticed.
He remarked on the topic.
He remarked, that the deadly paleness which had occupied her neck and temples gave place to a deep and rosy suffusion; and he felt with embarrassment that a flush was by tacit sympathy excited in his own cheeks.
He remembered everything that happened.
He remembered everything.
He remembered how beautiful she'd been when he first met her.
He remembered it all.
He remembered it like it was yesterday.
He remembered me in his way to Tizi Ouzou.
He remembered me when he came to Paris.
He remembered right.
He remembered that Room 418, a very small room, was empty.
He remembered that he could not swim after he jumped into the water.
He remembered that room 418, which was very small, was vacant.
He remembered the last time he'd hugged her.
He remembered the man.
He remembered what I had done.
He remembered what had happened to her.
He remembered what was said.
He remembered where he'd last seen her.
He remembered.
He remembers Kenneth.
He remembers Miss Cassandra very well.
He remembers Mr Black's car.
He remembers Mr Black’s car.
He remembers Rima from high school.
He remembers Walid as a boy.
He remembers all the elements.
He remembers everything.
He remembers having a very good childhood in Algeria.
He remembers her birthday.
He remembers his first date with her.
He remembers me kindly.
He remembers meeting her once.
He remembers that story so well.
He remembers to write to her every week.
He remembers what Rima did.
He remembers writing to her every week.
He remembers you.
He remembers.
He reminded her of her father.
He reminded her of the date so that she wouldn't forget the meeting.
He reminded her to take care of herself.
He reminded his wife to wake him up at 7:00 a.m.
He reminded me not to forget my passport.
He reminded me of you.
He reminded us.
He reminds her of a boyfriend she once had.
He reminds her of her beauty.
He reminds her to love herself.
He reminds her to take breaks and relax.
He reminds her to take care of herself.
He reminds me of Tom Jackson.
He reminds me of Tom.
He reminds me of a boy I used to know.
He reminds me of him.
He reminds me of his father when he speaks.
He reminds me of his father.
He reminds me of my grandfather.
He reminds me of somebody.
He reminds me of someone I used to know in high school.
He reminds me of someone.
He reminisced about everything that transpired.
He reminisced about the times he spent in Rome.
He removed a weight from his heart.
He removed a weight from my heart.
He removed a weight from their hearts.
He removed any excess clothing.
He removed even this one.
He removed her from his mind.
He removed him from the list.
He removed himself from that murder case.
He removed his coat.
He removed his disguise.
He removed his fur jacket downstairs, went up, and knocked lightly on the door.
He removed his glasses.
He removed his gloves.
He removed his goggles.
He removed his helmet.
He removed his jacket.
He removed his shirt.
He removed his shoes and socks.
He removed his socks.
He removed his sunglasses.
He removed his wet socks.
He removed that from the bill.
He removed the USB stick from the computer.
He removed the cork.
He removed the dirt with a shovel.
He removed the flash-drive from his computer.
He removed the injustice.
He removed the loose button.
He removed the rock with his own hands.
He removed the screws.
He removed the tsuba from his samurai sword.
He rendered the passage into English.
He reneged on the agreement.
He renewed his driver's license two weeks ago.
He renounced his faith.
He renounced smoking and drinking.
He renounced the ownership of the land.
He renovated his house.
He renovated old houses.
He renovated the house.
He renovated the old houses.
He renovates old houses in Spain.
He rent his cloak.
He rented a car.
He rented a newly built apartment in Algiers.
He rented a room on the top floor in order to enjoy a good view.
He rented a trailer.
He rented a tuxedo for the prom.
He rented an apartment in Algiers.
He rented an apartment.
He rented his flat to tourists.
He rented his house for 20 years.
He rented his house out for two years.
He rented the garment for the day.
He rented this house for a decade.
He rents an apartment in Algiers.
He rents rooms by the hour.
He repacked his suitcase.
He repainted his house.
He repainted the door red.
He repainted the house.
He repaired his bicycle.
He repaired his iron.
He repaired his watch by himself.
He repaired my watch for me.
He repaired the boat after the storm.
He repaired the broken window of my house.
He repaired the damaged spine of a book.
He repaired the legs of the table.
He repaired the nets.
He repaired the time machine.
He repaired them all.
He repairs computers.
He repairs electrical devices.
He repairs his own car.
He repairs machines in Germany.
He repairs the electrical devices.
He repeated her words parrot-fashion.
He repeated his name slowly.
He repeated his question.
He repeated in public what I had said.
He repeated it again.
He repeated misleading allegations.
He repeated that.
He repeated the haunting melody.
He repeated the price to him.
He repeated the same mistake.
He repeated the same words over and over.
He repeated the year.
He repeated what I said to her.
He repeated what he'd heard to her.
He repeated what he'd just said.
He repeatedly bashed the drunkard with his stick.
He repeatedly checked the mountain of related documents.
He repented and confessed his crime.
He repented and converted to Islam.
He repented having betrayed his country to the enemy.
He replaced Skura.
He replaced his father.
He replaced the bell with a light.
He replaced the book on the shelf.
He replaced the injured player.
He replaced the security cameras.
He replied in Berber.
He replied in as unstudied and innocent a manner as possible so as not to arouse suspicion.
He replied on Messenger.
He replied right away.
He replied that he did not know.
He replied that he knew nothing about it.
He replied that he'd be glad to go.
He replied to his parents.
He replied to me in Berber.
He replied with a smile.
He replied with animosity.
He replied with promptness and courtesy.
He replied, laughing.
He replies saying yes.
He reported fully what he had seen to the police.
He reported having seen the stolen car.
He reported his accident to the police.
He reported his car stolen.
He reported me to the police.
He reported that to campus police.
He reported that to the police.
He reported the accident to his insurance company.
He reported the details with accuracy.
He reported the facts to her.
He reported the post to the police.
He reported to them what he had seen.
He reports to me.
He reposted her video on his Facebook.
He represented Japan at a conference.
He represented his class at the meeting.
He represented our company at the conference.
He represented the labor union on the committee.
He represented the labour union on the committee.
He represented the mayor at a ceremony.
He represents the establishment, while she sympathizes with the reformers.
He reprimanded me for my oversight.
He reproached me for carelessness.
He reprogrammed the entire system.
He repudiated his spouse.
He repulses her.
He requested a blow job.
He requested a demonstration.
He requested help.
He requested me to keep it secret.
He requested my assistance.
He requested that I come here again this afternoon.
He requested to be sent back to Algeria.
He required her to explain how she spent money.
He requires that the laboratory exercises be handed in before the final exam.
He reread every page of the folder in hopes of finding a new detail.
He reread the poem.
He rescheduled.
He rescued a boy from drowning.
He rescued a cat from a high tree.
He rescued a girl from drowning and was given a reward.
He rescued her from being raped by the soldiers.
He rescued her.
He rescued me.
He rescued the child from the burning house.
He rescued the child from the fire.
He rescued the dog at the risk of his own life.
He rescued the kids.
He rescued the little girl at the cost of his life.
He rescued the puppies and took them to a shelter.
He researched British tea culture in great detail.
He researched this paper for weeks.
He researches psychological effects.
He researches the causes of the destruction.
He resembles a person I know.
He resembles his father in his way of talking.
He resembles his father somewhat.
He resembles his father very closely.
He resembles his father very much.
He resembles his father.
He resembles his grandfather.
He resembles his mother.
He resembles his uncle Youba.
He resented being called a coward.
He resented everyone's being very quiet.
He resented everyone’s being very quiet.
He resented her.
He resented his friend's action.
He resented his friend’s action.
He resented that she was dating his brother.
He resents my father, but also me.
He resents that.
He reserved a table at the restaurant.
He resigned after his arrest.
He resigned and fled the country.
He resigned and joined the army.
He resigned as president.
He resigned as secretary of state.
He resigned because of an illness.
He resigned from his job.
He resigned from his office.
He resigned from the Cabinet.
He resigned from the job to take the responsibility for the loss.
He resigned from the post.
He resigned himself to spending a boring evening.
He resigned his post on account of illness.
He resigned last week.
He resigned on the grounds of ill health.
He resigned on the grounds that he was ill.
He resigned on the spot.
He resigned this week.
He resigned.
He resignedly watched me leave.
He resisted arrest violently.
He resisted the impulse to kiss her.
He resisted the temptation to lean over and kiss her.
He resists the sordid task.
He resolutely pushed forward from the start, overwhelming and pushing out his off-balance opponent.
He resolved to do better work in the future.
He resolved to embark on a once-in-a-lifetime enterprise.
He resolved to turn over a new leaf.
He resorted to his pint of wine for consolation, drank it all in a few minutes, and fell asleep on his arms, with his hair straggling over the table.
He respected Mr. Hayakawa.
He respected her boundaries.
He respected her opinions.
He respected her privacy.
He respected her.
He respected me.
He respected what belongs to others.
He respects Einstein, an American scientist.
He respects Silya.
He respects all members of his team.
He respects everyone.
He respects her beliefs.
He respects her boundaries.
He respects her choices.
He respects her independence.
He respects her opinions.
He respects her privacy.
He respects her time and commitments.
He respects her.
He respects his boss immensely.
He respects his elders.
He respects his father.
He respects his only sibling.
He respects his parents.
He respects his peers' growth.
He respects his teacher a lot.
He respects me a lot.
He respects me as I respect him.
He respects me enough to lie.
He respects me in every way.
He respects me.
He respects my grandmother more than anything.
He respects nothing.
He respects people.
He respects the treaty.
He respects those who teach.
He respects what belongs to others.
He respects you.
He responded by giving the "OK" gesture.
He responded differently.
He responded immediately.
He responded in Berber.
He responded kindly to the question.
He responded to a speech of welcome.
He responded to her offer with a laugh.
He responded to his parents.
He responded to the signal I gave.
He responded to us in Berber.
He responded very quickly to my letter.
He responded: I'll come.
He restarted his computer.
He restarted the generator.
He rested and became stronger.
He rested for a while.
He rested his chin on his hands.
He rested his forearms on the armrests of the armchair.
He rested his forehead against mine.
He rested his hand on my shoulder.
He rested his tired limbs.
He rested in the shade of a tree.
He rested.
He restored the painting.
He restrained himself from hitting her.
He restrained himself.
He restricted his drinking to one beer a day.
He rests at home for an hour.
He rests for two days.
He resumed his mission.
He resumed his pacing.
He resumed his travel.
He resumed his work after a medical leave.
He resumed his work after a short break.
He resumed paddling.
He resumed reading after lunch.
He resumed the conversation.
He resumed walking at a good pace.
He resumed where he left off.
He resumed work.
He resurrected after being buried.
He resuscitated her.
He retained his Berber surname.
He retaliated.
He retaliates.
He retched and then started puking.
He retired at 60 years of age.
He retired at 65.
He retired at sixty.
He retired at the age of 65.
He retired at the age of 71.
He retired at the age of sixty.
He retired because of the loss of his health.
He retired due to ill health.
He retired four years ago.
He retired from office.
He retired from the army 20 years ago.
He retired from the company after 30 years' service.
He retired from the company after 30 years’ service.
He retired from the company at the age of 60.
He retired last year.
He retired on a pension at the age of sixty.
He retired on account of poor health.
He retired to his hometown, where he lived a quiet life.
He retired to his own room after supper.
He retired when he was 65.
He retired.
He retires before the new pension scheme is due to come into effect.
He retires next spring.
He retorted immediately.
He retorted that it was all my fault.
He retraced his steps.
He retreated into the forest.
He retried that experiment many times.
He retrieved them.
He returned around noon.
He returned at six.
He returned back home after being away for ten months.
He returned back to the camp.
He returned back to the cell.
He returned empty-handed.
He returned fire.
He returned from Algeria.
He returned from Canada.
He returned from China during the month of May.
He returned from China.
He returned from Denmark.
He returned from France on tiptoe.
He returned from Friday prayers.
He returned from Holland in June.
He returned from abroad with a dangerous disease.
He returned from abroad yesterday.
He returned from the fishing trip.
He returned from the kitchen with two mugs of coffee and sat down next to her.
He returned from the office.
He returned from the workshop.
He returned her book to her.
He returned here.
He returned his book.
He returned home a moment ago.
He returned home after a long absence.
He returned home after a very long time.
He returned home after being away for ten months.
He returned home and bought a horse.
He returned home by way of Europe.
He returned home by way of Hong Kong.
He returned home for the first time in ten years.
He returned home from Europe in 1941, when the war broke out.
He returned home safely, which pleased his parents.
He returned home three hours later.
He returned home to Algeria.
He returned home to visit his mother.
He returned home very late, as was often the case.
He returned home without telling us.
He returned home.
He returned immediately.
He returned the greeting.
He returned the keys to her.
He returned the keys to the janitor.
He returned the shirt because it was too small.
He returned the wallet to its owner.
He returned them.
He returned there.
He returned to Ait Yidir.
He returned to Algeria in 1997.
He returned to Algeria to recover.
He returned to Algeria to rekindle his relationship with Skura.
He returned to Algeria via London.
He returned to Algeria with Salas.
He returned to Algeria with the help of the Algerian embassy.
He returned to Algeria.
He returned to Algiers from his home in London.
He returned to Algiers.
He returned to America.
He returned to Boston to be with her.
He returned to China.
He returned to Denmark.
He returned to Europe.
He returned to Japan after graduating from college.
He returned to Japan.
He returned to Montpellier with the others.
He returned to Rome with the guards.
He returned to his Amish ways.
He returned to his bad habits.
He returned to his car.
He returned to his country shortly afterwards.
He returned to his home in Tennessee.
He returned to his hometown near Bejaia, Algeria.
He returned to his hotel room.
He returned to his land a different man.
He returned to his native land.
He returned to his native village, where he spent the last few years of his life.
He returned to his native village.
He returned to his office.
He returned to his room.
He returned to his wife's arms.
He returned to that island.
He returned to the army camp.
He returned to the back of the bus.
He returned to the base.
He returned to the cell.
He returned to the church.
He returned to the country whence he came.
He returned to the guests.
He returned to the mosque in the afternoon.
He returned to the mosque.
He returned to the motel.
He returned to the museum.
He returned to the royal castle.
He returned to the tent.
He returned to the tunnel.
He returned to the vehicle.
He returned to the workshop.
He returned to work.
He returned two hours later.
He returned very late at night.
He returned, undressed slowly, and then went to bed.
He returned.
He returns from Athens tomorrow.
He returns from Beijing tomorrow.
He returns from Boston tomorrow.
He returns from London tomorrow.
He returns from New York tomorrow.
He returns from Rome tomorrow.
He returns to his home.
He returns tomorrow.
He revealed all his tricks to me.
He revealed everything about Clara.
He revealed everything about his colleagues.
He revealed everything to her.
He revealed his doubts to me.
He revealed his love.
He revealed his mystery.
He revealed his true feelings.
He revealed the combination to the safe.
He revealed the secret to her when nobody was by.
He revealed the secret to her.
He revealed the secret.
He revealed the shocking truth.
He revenged himself.
He reversed his car.
He reversed the polarity.
He reversed.
He reverted to Islam.
He reviewed the book on his blog.
He reviewed the company procedures.
He reviewed the footage frame by frame.
He reviewed the school's new policies with the class.
He reviewed the security footage.
He reviewed the syllabus for the new term.
He reviewed vocabulary words with the class.
He reviews the company procedures.
He revised all night on the eve of the exam.
He revised his exam paper with attention.
He revised his opinion.
He revived the child with artificial respiration.
He rewrote his report.
He rewrote it.
He rewrote the story into a completely different one.
He rides a horse.
He rides a scooter to work.
He rides his bicycle every day.
He rides his bicycle everywhere.
He rides his bicycle to school.
He rides his bicycle to work.
He rides his older brother's coattails.
He rides the bus every day.
He rides the bus in the morning.
He rides the bus to school every day with her.
He rides the train.
He ridiculed me.
He ridiculed my idea.
He rings the doorbell twice.
He rinsed his mouth.
He rinsed off an apple.
He rinsed the towel well.
He ripped a button off his coat.
He ripped his shirt open.
He ripped me off!
He ripped open his presents.
He ripped open the envelope.
He ripped out her belly button ring.
He ripped the envelope open.
He ripped the envelopes open.
He ripped up all her letters and photos.
He ripped up the piece of paper.
He rises above the rest of mankind.
He rises and falls.
He risked being arrested.
He risked ending up like him.
He risked his life for it.
He risked his life for the monarchy.
He risked his life for us.
He risked his life to carry out his duty and inspired police officers everywhere.
He risked his life to save her.
He risked his life.
He risked his own life to help her.
He risked his whole fortune to discover new oil fields.
He risked losing all his fortune.
He roams the streets.
He roared with laughter.
He roars and groans the Dnieper wide.
He roars with laughter when he hears my witty remarks.
He roasts his own coffee beans.
He robbed a bunch of banks.
He robbed all that existed.
He robbed an old lady.
He robbed her of all her money.
He robbed me blind.
He robbed me of all my money.
He robbed me of every cent I had.
He robbed me of every penny I had.
He robbed me of my bag.
He robbed me of my new watch.
He robbed me of my purse.
He robbed the mail coach.
He rocked her.
He rocks.
He rode a bus to the park.
He rode a camel.
He rode a horse to the sea.
He rode a pony.
He rode a train between worlds.
He rode away on his horse.
He rode his bicycle across the bridge.
He rode his bicycle at a uniform speed.
He rode his bicycle there.
He rode his bicycle to school.
He rode his bike to the shop.
He rode his bike to the store.
He rode his bike.
He rode his motorcycle across the country.
He rode his skateboard.
He rode off into the sun.
He rode the bus the rest of the way.
He rode the elevator to his floor and walked toward his room.
He rode the log flume at the amusement park.
He rode there with the bike.
He rode to Wolf's Hope, that night, and took up his abode in the little inn, in order that he might be ready for his rendezvous in the morning.
He rode to the top of the hill.
He rode towards the sea.
He rode up in the elevator with her.
He rolled a cigarette and smoked it.
He rolled a piece of tinfoil between his hands to make it string, looped it around her ring finger and asked her to marry him.
He rolled down his window.
He rolled his eyes and went back looking at his computer.
He rolled his eyes.
He rolled his window back up.
He rolled his window down.
He rolled naked in the sand.
He rolled off the bed.
He rolled over in his sleep.
He rolled the ball to his teammate.
He rolled the perfect burrito.
He rolled the towel up.
He rolled up his prayer rug.
He rolled up his shirt sleeves.
He rolled up his sleeve.
He rolled up his sleeves.
He rolled up the string and put it in his pocket.
He rolled up the towel.
He rose also and looked at me in silence, shaking his head sadly.
He rose early this morning.
He rose from day laborer to governor.
He rose from his chair to welcome me.
He rose from his chair.
He rose from his seat.
He rose from office boy to manager of the company.
He rose from sleep.
He rose from the dead, so to speak.
He rose from the dead.
He rose from the sofa and greeted us without difficulty when we entered.
He rose his arms up.
He rose in rank to become commander of the battalion.
He rose slowly from his chair.
He rose slowly to his feet.
He rose through the ranks to the top position at the company where he started his career.
He rose to congratulate Berdych at the net, then did a front somersault on the grass, rising to his feet with both fists clenched.
He rose to go.
He rose to his feet and smiled at her.
He rose to his feet before the meal was over.
He rose to his feet to greet me.
He rose to his feet to protect the people in the small town.
He rose to his feet.
He rose to speak in answer to his name.
He rose to the moon.
He rose to the rank of sergeant.
He rounded off his speech with a famous proverb.
He rounded the corner and saw her.
He rounded the corners.
He rubbed against the mattress.
He rubbed his chin.
He rubbed his eyes two or three times, wondering if he were still asleep or awake and decided he must be awake.
He rubbed his eyes with his hands.
He rubbed his eyes.
He rubbed his face.
He rubbed his feet.
He rubbed his forehead.
He rubbed his hands together.
He rubbed his jaw.
He rubbed his nose.
He rubbed his palms together.
He rubbed his sore feet.
He rubbed his temples.
He rubbed it, and the genie appeared, saying, “What is thy will?” Aladdin replied: “The Sultan, as thou knowest, has broken his promise to me, and the Vizier’s son is to have the Princess. My command is that to-night you bring hither the bride and bridegroom.” “Master, I obey,” said the genie.
He rubbed the rust off with a file.
He rubs the stain with vinegar.
He rudely turned his back to the principal.
He ruffled her hair playfully.
He ruined France.
He ruined Mina.
He ruined everyone's mood.
He ruined everything.
He ruined his body by drinking too much.
He ruined his clothes.
He ruined his computer.
He ruined his health by working too hard.
He ruined his health by working too much.
He ruined his health in the end.
He ruined his health with drinking.
He ruined his life.
He ruined his towels.
He ruined it.
He ruined me.
He ruined my birthday.
He ruined my life.
He ruined my towels.
He ruined my vacation.
He ruined our night.
He ruined our time.
He ruined the birthday party.
He ruined the cake.
He ruined the cupcakes.
He ruined the evening.
He ruined the lunch.
He ruined the moment.
He ruined the party.
He ruined the wedding.
He ruined the whole thing.
He ruined them.
He ruled for five years. In the sixth year, another king, who was stronger than he, waged war against him.
He ruled his kingdom fairly.
He ruled over Connaught.
He rules the country with an iron fist.
He rules the land with an iron hand.
He ruminated over his misfortunes.
He run fastest by a long chalk.
He run on for half an hour.
He run through a tunnel to escape the monster.
He runs 20 kilometres a day, regardless of how cold it is.
He runs a bar.
He runs a body shop in Kabylie, Algeria.
He runs a car rental agency.
He runs a chicken farm in Algeria.
He runs a community conservation group in Algeria.
He runs a company in Meguro.
He runs a delicatessen store in Algeria.
He runs a gym in Algiers.
He runs a hotel in Algeria.
He runs a hotel in Kabylie.
He runs a lot of hotels.
He runs a lot.
He runs a mosque in London.
He runs a private Quraic school.
He runs a real estate company called Texasland.
He runs a shoe shop.
He runs a shop in Algiers.
He runs a small business in Algeria.
He runs a small business in Istanbul.
He runs a small business in Osaka.
He runs a supermarket in the town.
He runs a tour company in Algeria.
He runs a wildlife research center in the Amazonian jungle.
He runs an electrical store.
He runs as fast as any other classmate.
He runs as fast as he can across the border.
He runs as fast as you.
He runs away from his problems like he would from the Devil.
He runs every day so he is very healthy.
He runs fast!
He runs fast.
He runs faster than I.
He runs faster than me.
He runs fastest by a long chalk.
He runs for a local office.
He runs his own business.
He runs in the park every day.
He runs like a horse.
He runs off to the lab every half hour.
He runs red lights.
He runs so fast!
He runs the business with his sons.
He runs the cocaine trade.
He runs the crew.
He runs the fastest.
He runs the hotel.
He runs the restaurant.
He runs the risk of dying.
He runs this hotel.
He runs this place.
He runs to her.
He runs to riyadh.
He runs to the boat.
He runs to the station every morning.
He runs towards the boy.
He runs very fast.
He runs well for his age.
He runs with the hare and hunts with the hounds.
He runs without shoes.
He runs.
He rushed at him.
He rushed away.
He rushed back home.
He rushed back into the car.
He rushed back to the bunker.
He rushed back to the camp.
He rushed down the stairs.
He rushed headlong to his ruin.
He rushed home.
He rushed in.
He rushed inside.
He rushed into his office.
He rushed into the room with his coat on.
He rushed off to school.
He rushed off.
He rushed out after her.
He rushed out in a hurry.
He rushed out of his office.
He rushed out of his room.
He rushed out of the office.
He rushed out of the shop.
He rushed outside.
He rushed past.
He rushed to help her.
He rushed to open the door.
He rushed to the bathroom.
He rushed to the ground.
He rushed to the hospital as quickly as he could.
He rushed to the kitchen.
He rushed towards the sound.
He rushed up through the blinding smoke and hissing flames, till he reached the children.
He rushes towards Tamaright.
He sabotaged her career.
He sabotaged the experiment.
He sabotaged the toys.
He sabotaged the water filtration system.
He sacked most of his men.
He sacrificed everything for Aria.
He sacrificed everything for you.
He sacrificed himself for the sake of the empire.
He sacrificed himself to save his family.
He sacrificed himself, he loves his country.
He sacrificed his health to fulfill his duty.
He sacrificed his life against corruption.
He sacrificed his life and betrayed the organization.
He sacrificed his life for us.
He sacrificed his life.
He sacrificed his outstanding career to retain his dignity.
He sacrificed his own life to save her.
He sacrificed his own life to save the young woman.
He sacrificed his own life to save them.
He sacrificed one of his finest goats.
He sacrifices for her happiness.
He sacrifices himself for the community.
He saddled his horse for the ride.
He said "Hi" to me.
He said "I want to be a scientist."
He said "NO" to himself. He said "YES" aloud.
He said "Yeah" when she asked if he was tired.
He said "You look crazy."
He said "kia ora".
He said "please take my place".
He said "tanemmirt" and it means "thank you" in Berber.
He said "yes".
He said 'Goodbye everyone' and stood up.
He said Bill Clinton would raise taxes.
He said Cyrus began the battle.
He said Davis must be captured.
He said Harrison had only one vote.
He said I can ride with him.
He said I don't get enough sleep.
He said I don’t get enough sleep.
He said I made him cry.
He said I should talk to you.
He said I was a bitch.
He said I was his archenemy. How did we arrive at a situation like this?
He said I was pretty.
He said I was supposed to talk to you.
He said Iran asked that the trip be held in abeyance because of the acute problems in Bam, and said the Bush administration is not pursuing the idea any further for now.
He said a bad word.
He said a centerpiece of the U.N.’s Global Plan for reducing traffic accidents and saving lives is to get people out of their cars and have them shift to safer, healthier modes of transportation.
He said a few conciliatory words.
He said a few soothing words.
He said a few words by way of apology.
He said a few words by way of preface.
He said a good word.
He said a word informally to the teacher, so he was told to get out of the classroom and wait outside.
He said abracadabra and there appeared a pigeon.
He said absolutely nothing about it.
He said all that didn't bother him.
He said at least 92 percent of U.S. states now have systems in place to ensure there is a paper record of every vote cast, making it easier to audit election results to make sure no one is able to tamper with the tally.
He said authorities persuaded the pirates to be advisors on a film about piracy that would chronicle their lives.
He said bad things about Islam.
He said bad things about her.
He said because Ebola had not yet been fully eliminated, the government will continue its anti-Ebola efforts.
He said better times were ahead for the country.
He said blasphemous things about Islam.
He said blasphemous things that negated Islamic beliefs.
He said both men agreed they share an "abhorrence and distaste" for war.
He said business is down at least 90%.
He said certain advertising campaigns risk distorting the holiday's true meaning, and he urged people to reject what he called the mindless consumerism that accompanies the day.
He said dissent does not make one unpatriotic and that "the question of who is, or is not, a patriot all too often poisons our political debates."
He said doctors and nurses are finding out if the vision, hearing and blood pressure level of all candidates meet the requirements spelled out by Cameroon military hierarchy.
He said each meeting should begin with a prayer.
He said everyone he knows can swim.
He said everything.
He said evidence indicates the conscripts are as young as 10 and are used in various capacities, including to fight.
He said farewell and left.
He said farewell as he was about to leave.
He said good night to his parents.
He said good-bye for good.
He said good-bye to the family.
He said goodbye to her forever.
He said goodbye to her.
He said goodbye to him and left.
He said goodbye to his family and his wife, thinking he might never see them again.
He said goodbye to his family.
He said goodbye to his friends.
He said goodbye to the family.
He said goodbye.
He said goodnight to his parents.
He said grace before eating.
He said he acted in self-defense.
He said he agreed to do that.
He said he agreed.
He said he agrees it's a problem.
He said he almost didn't do that.
He said he already did that.
He said he always carried a gun.
He said he apologized to her.
He said he appreciated that.
He said he appreciated the help.
He said he ate too much.
He said he ate way too much.
He said he believed he could win.
He said he believed her.
He said he believed in ghosts.
He said he believed that.
He said he believes her.
He said he bought that book a day ago.
He said he bought that for you.
He said he called the police.
He said he can get us what we need.
He said he can handle it.
He said he can read lips.
He said he can't do that.
He said he can't eat that much food by himself.
He said he can't sing very well.
He said he can't speak French.
He said he can't wait any longer.
He said he comes here every now and then.
He said he comes here every once in a while.
He said he comes here from time to time.
He said he considered doing that.
He said he could come get it.
He said he could do it.
He said he could do nothing.
He said he could do that today.
He said he could do that.
He said he could fix it.
He said he could handle it.
He said he could help her.
He said he could help us do that.
He said he could help us today.
He said he could help us.
He said he could probably do that.
He said he could probably win.
He said he could swim well.
He said he could take it.
He said he could've done that.
He said he couldn't accept the job.
He said he couldn't believe it.
He said he couldn't breathe.
He said he couldn't do anything for her.
He said he couldn't do anything.
He said he couldn't do it.
He said he couldn't do that again.
He said he couldn't do that today.
He said he couldn't do that.
He said he couldn't elaborate.
He said he couldn't find a job.
He said he couldn't find rest in Islam.
He said he couldn't hear anything.
He said he couldn't help her.
He said he couldn't help me.
He said he couldn't help us today.
He said he couldn't leave without saying goodbye to her.
He said he couldn't live without me.
He said he couldn't loan any money to her.
He said he couldn't recall.
He said he couldn't speak French.
He said he couldn't stand clowns.
He said he couldn't stand this book.
He said he couldn't swim well.
He said he couldn't swim.
He said he couldn't tell us anything useful.
He said he couldn't wait.
He said he couldn't walk.
He said he cried all night.
He said he cried every day.
He said he dashed this proposal off in one sitting. It's pretty sloppy.
He said he dashed this proposal off in one sitting. It’s pretty sloppy.
He said he despised her.
He said he did it the wrong way.
He said he did it wrong.
He said he did just that.
He said he did not do it.
He said he did not enter the room, which was a lie.
He said he did not know the man, which was a lie.
He said he did not want to be president.
