Vladimir fell down the stairs and broke his ankle.
Vladimir fell off the log.
Vladimir felt a presence in the basement.
Vladimir felt his eyes were pushed into his skull.
Vladimir felt like he was being watched.
Vladimir felt someone sit on his bed.
Vladimir felt the wind in his face as he drove his sports car.
Vladimir finally forgot about having fun.
Vladimir finally reached the top.
Vladimir finds Anna repulsively big.
Vladimir finds those girls annoying.
Vladimir finished his business in the toilet.
Vladimir fired a warning shot into the air.
Vladimir fixed the leaky faucet.
Vladimir flung a bottle of ink at the teacher.
Vladimir folded his arms across his chest.
Vladimir followed Anna like a mad man.
Vladimir followed that little road.
Vladimir forced himself to run.
Vladimir forgave Anna for burning his drawings.
Vladimir found a beautifully set table in the living room.
Vladimir found a dozen donuts in the bag.
Vladimir found a girl to marry.
Vladimir found a letter with his name on it.
Vladimir found a melted candy bar in his locker.
Vladimir found a sheet with codes on it.
Vladimir found an envelope under his pillow.
Vladimir found an excuse to flirt with Anna.
Vladimir found ants in his bathtub.
Vladimir found ants in the bathtub.
Vladimir found himself lying on a hospital bed.
Vladimir found his sister in bed.
Vladimir found out that cops were looking for Anna.
Vladimir found some blankets in the closet.
Vladimir found the body near the lake.
Vladimir gathered anger in him.
Vladimir gave Anna a bag to carry.
Vladimir gave Anna a bear hug.
Vladimir gave Anna a chocolate.
Vladimir gave Anna a light kiss.
Vladimir gave Anna a quick peck on her lips and that made her blush.
Vladimir gave Anna his place in the long line.
Vladimir gave a great performance.
Vladimir gave the kids chocolate and mock champagne.
Vladimir gently stroked Anna's cheek.
Vladimir got a new job in Algiers.
Vladimir got a rhinoplasty.
Vladimir got back in the truck and drove to the closest town.
Vladimir got his nose bridge fixed over the summer.
Vladimir got his vasectomy reversed.
Vladimir got into the bathroom and sat down on the toilet seat to do his business.
Vladimir got into the crawlspace.
Vladimir got lost in Anna's eyes.
Vladimir got mud in his ear.
Vladimir got on his knees and started tying up Anna's shoelaces.
Vladimir got pale like a ghost.
Vladimir got presents on Christmas.
Vladimir got really pissed off.
Vladimir got some extra work done.
Vladimir got the best hand.
Vladimir got wrinkles.
Vladimir grabbed Anna by her collar and kissed her on the lips.
Vladimir grabbed Anna by the arms.
Vladimir grabbed Anna's arm and dragged her into an empty classroom.
Vladimir grabbed Anna's hand and dragged her inside the building.
Vladimir grabbed Anna's hand and they ran like crazy from the dogs.
Vladimir grabbed Anna's hand.
Vladimir grabbed a tray and tapped it on Yuri's head.
Vladimir grabbed some mud and threw it at Anna's white top.
Vladimir grew from his mistakes.
Vladimir grew up in a haunted house.
Vladimir had a Kabyle accent.
Vladimir had a cast on his arm.
Vladimir had a funeral last week.
Vladimir had a long cut on his arm.
Vladimir had a phone in the booth for emergencies.
Vladimir had a shaggy face.
Vladimir had a sore throat and couldn't breathe.
Vladimir had a tattoo on the side of his neck.
Vladimir had an accident at the restaurant.
Vladimir had an injured knee.
Vladimir had breakfast with his mom.
Vladimir had flowers in his hands and waved at Anna.
Vladimir had friends over the next Thursday.
Vladimir had hypertrichosis.
Vladimir had no luck.
Vladimir had nothing to gain from Anna.
Vladimir had several facial tattoos.
Vladimir had some problems at his workplace, so he arranged a meeting with Tom to discuss it with him.
Vladimir had to babysit his little brother almost every day during the week.
Vladimir had to go out of town.
Vladimir had to pee in the middle of the night.
Vladimir had to return to Algeria today.
Vladimir had to sell the mansion.
Vladimir had to tell Anna the truth.
Vladimir hangs out so much with Yuri that he rubbed off on him.
Vladimir has PTSD.
Vladimir has a great voice.
Vladimir has a history of not being good with relationships.
Vladimir has a private jet to catch.
Vladimir has a really big penis.
Vladimir has a son, Yuri Vladimirovich Ivanov.
Vladimir has already missed a lot of school.
Vladimir has already peed.
Vladimir has always had tender feelings towards Anna.
Vladimir has always lived in the steppe.
Vladimir has been Anna's target since.
Vladimir has been boxing since he was fourteen.
Vladimir has been by Anna's side every day since.
Vladimir has been in a terrible accident that has caused him amnesia.
Vladimir has been looking everywhere for the folder.
Vladimir has cameras at the store.
Vladimir has completely given up hope.
Vladimir has farmed this land for the past five years.
Vladimir has never brushed his teeth with anything other than Colgate.
Vladimir has never seen anyone so scared.
Vladimir has the right to retake that exam.
Vladimir has to move to hut to new pasture.
Vladimir has to study Berber and Arabic.
Vladimir has to wear gloves.
Vladimir has to work at another clinic.
Vladimir hasn't ridden a horse in years.
Vladimir heard Anna screaming.
Vladimir heard a language he couldn't understand.
Vladimir heard a sound right behind him.
Vladimir heard a woman's voice whisper his name behind him.
Vladimir heard animals crawling around the dark room.
Vladimir heard footsteps walking towards him.
Vladimir heard his door creak open.
Vladimir heard his name.
Vladimir heard many doors slam.
Vladimir heard old music playing.
Vladimir heard someone sneezing outside his window.
Vladimir heard the door open and close.
Vladimir heard the door slam behind him.
Vladimir heard the ladder creaking loudly.
Vladimir heard the metal hangers clink against each other.
Vladimir heard the recordings.
Vladimir heard the sound of a gunshot in the background.
Vladimir heard voices calling his name.
Vladimir held Anna's hand from under the table.
Vladimir held the door open.
Vladimir held the pictures at Anna.
Vladimir helped Anna fold some towels.
Vladimir helped Anna recover her memory.
Vladimir helped Anna replant her garden.
Vladimir helped his parents at the jewelry store.
Vladimir helps his grandma take care of the cows.
Vladimir hid in the garden.
Vladimir hired a fitness coach.
Vladimir hit Anna hard on the head.
Vladimir hit his head on something.
Vladimir hit the door harder.
Vladimir hit the horse with a mallet, causing it to panick.
Vladimir hugged the pillow.
Vladimir hung the key on a special holder next to the door.
Vladimir immediately fell in love with Anna when he saw her.
Vladimir immediately got goosebumps.
Vladimir immediately grabbed his heart and fell on the couch.
Vladimir immediately stepped on the cockroach.
Vladimir immediately went over to one of the officers and asked for help.
Vladimir invited Tom to his house.
Vladimir invited all his friends to the party.
Vladimir is Anna's future husband.
Vladimir is Tom's husband.
Vladimir is Yuri's lookalike.
Vladimir is a competitive pistol shooter.
Vladimir is a professional skydiver.
Vladimir is back in the steppe his the family.
Vladimir is back in town.
Vladimir is buying a used Diesel pickup truck.
Vladimir is diabetic and can't take risks with his health.
Vladimir is displaying his work at a gallery tonight.
Vladimir is flying to Algeria tonight.
Vladimir is gathering more wood.
Vladimir is going to get therapy.
Vladimir is going to live with a group of Tuaregs.
Vladimir is his mom's favorite.
Vladimir is important to me.
Vladimir is incapable of falling in love.
Vladimir is insanely rich.
Vladimir is just jealous of Yuri.
Vladimir is looking at the truck.
Vladimir is monumentally successful.
Vladimir is off to the party.
Vladimir is playing Donald like a balalaika.
Vladimir is qualified to drive the dump truck.
Vladimir is running a marathon across the city.
Vladimir is still very small and his teeth haven't come out yet.
Vladimir is strong as a cow.
Vladimir is the janitor of this mosque.
Vladimir is the middle child.
Vladimir is throwing away money that isn't his in the first place.
Vladimir is under a lot of pressure.
Vladimir is useless and just a pain in the butt.
Vladimir is useless around the house.
Vladimir is very good at archery.
Vladimir is very satisfied with the work at Tom's company.
Vladimir is visiting his dad for the summer.
Vladimir isn't going to give up that easily.
Vladimir isn't the same person anymore.
Vladimir joined Anna's math team.
Vladimir jumped out of the car and walked away.
Vladimir jumped out of the window like some kind of Batman.
Vladimir jumped through the bedroom window.
Vladimir just donated a kidney.
Vladimir just kept staring at the dark humanoid figure.
Vladimir just slept in the truck.
Vladimir kept himself calm.
Vladimir kept his distance.
Vladimir kept his drawings in a blue folder.
Vladimir kept pushing Anna back.
Vladimir kept repeating in mumbled tongue: "Leave me alone!"
Vladimir kept scolding the waiter.
Vladimir kept that a secret from Anna.
Vladimir kept the bodies in the basement.
Vladimir kept thinking about that incident.
Vladimir kissed Anna gently on the cheek.
Vladimir kissed the Algerian flag.
Vladimir knew a lot about plants.
Vladimir knew the boutique was expensive.
Vladimir knocked on the boss's door with his stomach in knots.
Vladimir knows everyone in town.
Vladimir knows everything in town.
Vladimir laid down to have a rest.
Vladimir lapsed into a coma.
Vladimir laughed so hard he peed a little.
Vladimir laughs in the face of danger.
Vladimir leaned in and tucked a strand of hair behind Anna's ear.
Vladimir leaned into the mic and greeted everyone.
Vladimir learnt that from Anna's obituary.
Vladimir left for the party.
Vladimir left his bedroom for Anna.
Vladimir left his office to go upstairs and find Anna.
Vladimir left his old life.
Vladimir left that place for good.
Vladimir left the bag in the crawlspace.
Vladimir left the house and went to the park.
Vladimir left the log there.
Vladimir left the room in tears.
Vladimir left the table wickedly.
Vladimir lied about his amnesia.
Vladimir lifted his hand and touched Anna on the face.
Vladimir likes Anna's boobs.
Vladimir likes petite women.
Vladimir literally hated himself at that moment.
Vladimir lived a state away from me.
Vladimir lived deep in the forest.
Vladimir lived in a nice house in a gated community.
Vladimir lived in our basement.
Vladimir lived on a beautiful farm.
Vladimir lives in Adrar, in southern Algeria.
Vladimir lives in the neighboring valley.
Vladimir looked at Anna and gave her a dimpled smile.
Vladimir looked at Anna sternly as he walked out.
Vladimir looked at Anna with murder in his eyes.
Vladimir looked at Anna with new eyes.
Vladimir looked at Martha strangely.
Vladimir looked at his drenched clothes.
Vladimir looked at the TV.
Vladimir looked out of his apartment.
Vladimir looked straight into Anna's eyes.
Vladimir looks after the horses.
Vladimir looks more handsome with dark hair.
Vladimir loosened his grip on my hand.
Vladimir loves Anna's big boobs.
Vladimir lowered his gaze modestly.
Vladimir lowered the sheet to see a dark ghostly face staring him in the eye.
Vladimir made Anna's life a hell.
Vladimir made Anna's life miserable.
Vladimir made a constipated face.
Vladimir made a fist.
Vladimir made big round eyes and was speechless.
Vladimir made his way up.
Vladimir made it to the hill.
Vladimir managed to feed Anna a few spoons.
Vladimir memorized every word in the Quran.
Vladimir met Anna's eyes across the room.
Vladimir met with Anna's Berber teacher.
Vladimir might hurt himself driving that old truck.
Vladimir misinterpreted Yuri's comment to Anna's picture and unfriended her.
Vladimir misinterpreted things.
Vladimir missed the target.
Vladimir missed the test.
Vladimir misses you both so much.
Vladimir motioned his hand like normally people do when they're too tired to care.
Vladimir moved into a small two-story house.
Vladimir moved out some time after that.
Vladimir napped in the car.
Vladimir nearly exploded with rage.
Vladimir nearly sent an arrow straight into Anna.
Vladimir needed someone to guide him.
Vladimir needed to do some renovations.
Vladimir needed to use the bathroom.
Vladimir needs to be in the steppe when the cows give birth.
Vladimir needs to stay in the steppe to take care of the herd.
Vladimir never comes to the village.
Vladimir never dared to wander into those areas of the house at night.
Vladimir never experienced that again.
Vladimir never mentioned the incident since.
Vladimir never played in that room again.
Vladimir never spoke to Anna after that.
Vladimir never takes a day off from work.
Vladimir never told Anna about his twin brother.
Vladimir never went to the bottom part of the house.
Vladimir noticed a cockroach crawling towards him.
Vladimir noticed other things, too.
Vladimir only had bruises and scratches.
Vladimir opened his eyes and smiled at Anna.
Vladimir opened the bedroom door.
Vladimir opened the door at the end of the hallway.
Vladimir opened the top of the yurt a little bit.
Vladimir opened up his own clinic.
Vladimir owned a huge chain of hotels.
Vladimir packed up his things.
Vladimir paid Anna in jewels.
Vladimir paid Anna to act like his girlfriend.
Vladimir pampers his cat.
Vladimir passed between the two doors.
Vladimir passed out in bed.
Vladimir patted Anna's shoulder encouragingly.
Vladimir peered at Anna through the crack.
Vladimir picked up a slipper to throw it at Yuri, but hit Anna instead.
Vladimir pinned Anna to the ground.
Vladimir planted ants in Anna’s wardrobe.
Vladimir played games with Anna to help her overcome her speech impediment.
Vladimir played in the backyard until it was dark.
Vladimir playfully swung on a low-hanging branch.
Vladimir pointed towards a big rock.
Vladimir posted pictures of himself.
Vladimir pretended he broke his arm.
Vladimir promised that he would try therapy.
Vladimir promised to visit Anna in Algeria.
Vladimir pronounced Skura's name in French.
Vladimir proposed to a girl he wasn't in love with.
Vladimir proudly shouted Martha's name.
Vladimir pulled Anna by the ear.
Vladimir pulled Anna into a passionate kiss.
Vladimir pulled Anna out of the pool.
Vladimir pulled on his skin.
Vladimir pulled out his things.
Vladimir pulled out the revolver.
Vladimir pulled the carpet back.
Vladimir purposely stepped on Martha's foot.
Vladimir pushed Anna's hair behind her ears and kissed her.
Vladimir put Anna up in a nice room.
Vladimir put his socks on the table.
Vladimir put on that act for weeks.
Vladimir put the leaf in his helmet.
Vladimir put the money away in his piggy bank.
Vladimir put the pistol to Anna's forehead.
Vladimir quickly got changed.
Vladimir quickly left the office.
Vladimir quickly packed his things and went to his grandmother's house.
Vladimir quickly yanked his hand away.
Vladimir raised Anna and her sister on his own.
Vladimir raised his children in Algeria.
Vladimir raised the volume.
Vladimir ran away before Anna could answer.
Vladimir ran behind the vehicle.
Vladimir ran east.
Vladimir ran out of the house in tears.
Vladimir ran out of the room, slamming the door loudly.
Vladimir ran over to the trash can and threw up.
Vladimir ran to town to get the police.
Vladimir ran up to Mom with an ear-piercing squeal.
Vladimir rarely used that light.
Vladimir reached for Anna's cheeks to pinch them.
Vladimir reached for Anna's hand and kissed it.
Vladimir reached for Yuri's arm and twisted it away.
Vladimir realized Anna wasn't lying.
Vladimir realized he had made a huge mistake.
Vladimir really broke his arm.
Vladimir really loved Martha.
Vladimir really suffered because of the amnesia.
Vladimir really wanted to become a Berber teacher.
Vladimir really wanted to see Martha.
Vladimir really wants to make his mother proud.
Vladimir recalled the dream.
Vladimir recited some verses of the Quran.
Vladimir refused to answer Anna's texts.
Vladimir refused to believe Mom.
Vladimir refused to sleep in that house.
Vladimir researched the house history.
Vladimir ripped the poster off the wall.
Vladimir rubbed Anna's face and kissed her on the lips.
Vladimir said he had car issues.
Vladimir said that angrily.
Vladimir said the name of a country in the south of Algeria.
Vladimir sang at every school event.
Vladimir sat alone on the bleachers.
Vladimir sat at the dining table with Yuri and Anna.
Vladimir sat in Anna's rooms for hours, watching her.
Vladimir sat on a rock and started to cry.
Vladimir sat on the sofa and burst into tears.
Vladimir saved Martha's letters carefully in a blue shoe box.
Vladimir saw a black humanoid figure with a dark face.
Vladimir saw a hand pull away from the curtain.
Vladimir saw a human figure walk across the hall.
Vladimir saw a man naked on a bike.
Vladimir saw the crawlspace hatch.
Vladimir saw the letter and held it up to read.
Vladimir says he hasn't pooped for two weeks.
Vladimir searched for the previous owner's name.
Vladimir sent Anna a card on Valentine's Day.
Vladimir sent Anna to the other end of town.
Vladimir sent Christmas cards to his friends.
Vladimir served Anna food.
Vladimir set off the fireworks.
Vladimir set the folder on fire.
Vladimir shared with us a number of stories about that haunted house.
Vladimir shone his light on the dark humanoid figure.
Vladimir should have answered Anna's texts.
Vladimir shouted at Martha angrily.
Vladimir shoved a couple of comic books in Anna's hand.
Vladimir showed the cop his ID.
Vladimir showed the tombstone to his parents.
Vladimir sighed heavily and confessed.
Vladimir sighed heavily.
Vladimir signed the papers to sell the mansion.
Vladimir signed up as a volunteer with some friends.
Vladimir slammed his knee against the table and pretended to hurt himself.
Vladimir slammed the front door pretty loudly.
Vladimir slammed the tray in Yuri's face.
Vladimir slept by Anna's side for hours.
Vladimir slept in a yurt.
Vladimir slept in that house until his grandparents returned.
Vladimir slept on the side of the bed furthest away from Anna.
Vladimir slept perfectly fine.
Vladimir smashed the plate to the floor.
Vladimir smells like dirty mud.
Vladimir smiled at Martha funnily.
Vladimir smiled broadly.
Vladimir snatched the folder away from Anna.
Vladimir snatched the pear away.
Vladimir snorts like a pig when he laughs.
Vladimir sold bowls at the market.
Vladimir sped up the video 50%.
Vladimir spent a long time naming the Algerian cities he had been to.
Vladimir spent a year charting his family tree.
Vladimir spent every evening completely alone.
Vladimir spent hours telling us ghost stories.
Vladimir spent the money on an electric guitar.
Vladimir spent the night here, in the yurt.
Vladimir spoke about that trail.
Vladimir spoke sadly into the silence.
Vladimir spotted Anna in the corridors.
Vladimir sprinted back into the cabin.
Vladimir squealed like a hyena.
Vladimir squeezed out a tear.
Vladimir stared back at Anna with a blank expression.
Vladimir started asking Martha hurtful questions about Islam.
Vladimir started bouncing on the branches.
Vladimir started chocking on peanuts.
Vladimir started fighting back.
Vladimir started getting pissed.
Vladimir started having nightmares.
Vladimir started leaning in and Anna closed her eyes.
Vladimir started moving.
Vladimir started singing one of his original songs.
Vladimir started slurping loudly on the soup.
Vladimir started sniffing the food.
Vladimir started speed-walking.
Vladimir started to become desensitized.
Vladimir started to come down the stairs.
Vladimir started to get angry at me.
Vladimir started to work for the county.
Vladimir started walking quickly back down the hall.
Vladimir stayed in the parking lot until Anna left.
Vladimir stayed in the steppe to take care of the herd.
Vladimir stayed on the phone with the 911 operator while he checked the house.
Vladimir stepped closer and held Anna's hands.
Vladimir stepped on stage with a beautiful brunette on his arm.
Vladimir stepped over the rope.
Vladimir still feels bad for leaving Anna there unattended.
Vladimir still wonders what's inside that cabin.
Vladimir stole Anna's folder.
Vladimir stole Anna's vehicle.
Vladimir stole water from Anna's well.
Vladimir stood by the door and waited for Anna.
Vladimir stood in front of Anna like her knight in shining armor.
Vladimir stood on Anna's door entrance and stared at her.
Vladimir stood up from the chair he was sitting on.
Vladimir stood up to go.
Vladimir stopped asking his parents for a sibling.
Vladimir stopped in Algiers to rest the car.
Vladimir struck Anna hard in the head.
Vladimir struggled to come up with ideas for games.
Vladimir suddenly choked on his food and began to cough repeatedly.
Vladimir suddenly stopped.
Vladimir suddenly took Anna's hand and placed it on his chest.
Vladimir suffered from a severe form of amnesia.
Vladimir suffers from anxiety.
Vladimir suggested that we go horse riding.
Vladimir swam under water.
Vladimir takes care of this small communal piece of land.
Vladimir takes good care of his cat.
Vladimir talked loudly on the phone.
Vladimir tapped on Anna's cast.
Vladimir tapped on the window.
Vladimir taught Anna how to lip-read.
Vladimir taught Yuri boxing.
Vladimir teased Anna a lot about that.
Vladimir thinks the universe revolves around him.
Vladimir threatened Tom, so Tom called the police on him.
Vladimir threw away an expensive power drill.
Vladimir threw some chocolates on the pillows.
Vladimir threw the Ouija board in the trash.
Vladimir threw the burning jacket on the floor and began to stomp it.
Vladimir threw the folder in the fireplace.
Vladimir tips big.
Vladimir told Anna not to take candy from strangers.
Vladimir told Anna to cover the hole.
Vladimir told Anna to turn around.
Vladimir told Martha to dress a little more modestly.
Vladimir took Anna to his massive mansion.
Vladimir took Anna to his private cinema.
Vladimir took Anna's guitar and broke it in half.
Vladimir took Anna's guitar and hid it.
Vladimir took Anna's hand and kissed her.
Vladimir took a bite out of the pizza slice.
Vladimir took a dump behind the big rock.
Vladimir took a shortcut to the farm lake.
Vladimir took care of the horses.
Vladimir took his cough medicine and went to bed.
Vladimir took the ball outside to play soccer with his friends.
Vladimir took the basket from Anna.
Vladimir took the folder with him.
Vladimir took the herd out to new pasture.
Vladimir took the largest bedroom.
Vladimir took the plane to Algiers with his classmates.
Vladimir took the truck to the mechanic.
Vladimir took us to the concert in his father's old truck.
Vladimir travels on his sledge.
Vladimir tried to burn the Ouija board, but it just scorched a little bit.
Vladimir tried to get into the vehicle.
Vladimir tried to hold Anna's hand.
Vladimir tried to hurt Anna on purpose with the arrow.
Vladimir tried to keep himself away.
Vladimir tripped over and fell into the fountain.
Vladimir tumbled down the gentle hillside.
Vladimir turned on the truck and locked the doors.
Vladimir turned the prayer wheels.
Vladimir turned the truck off.
Vladimir used Anna as bait.
Vladimir used Anna's letters as toilet paper.
Vladimir used a satellite phone to call for help.
Vladimir used his coat as a pillow.
Vladimir used to frequent that store.
Vladimir used to go to the roof to smoke.
Vladimir used to hate children playing out on the street.
Vladimir used to spend summers in Algeria.
Vladimir used to wear all sorts of garbage when he was younger.
Vladimir visited Anna at home.
Vladimir volunteered at the orphanage.
Vladimir waited by the front door.
Vladimir walked into the back door.
Vladimir walked into the garage.
Vladimir walked towards the cooler.
Vladimir walked up the stairs in the dark.
Vladimir wanted Anna to give him a chance to make it up to her.
Vladimir wanted to figure out a way to get rid of his excess hair.
Vladimir wanted to get his life back.
Vladimir wanted to get rid of his excess hair.
Vladimir wanted to get rid of his girlfriend.
Vladimir wanted to rent the apartment out.
Vladimir wanted to revisit his old place.
Vladimir wants a sibling.
Vladimir wants to keep up with the time.
Vladimir wants to start his own online business, selling jewelry.
Vladimir was a 911 operator.
Vladimir was a little obsessive.
Vladimir was a respected Berber teacher.
Vladimir was able to get a full night's rest.
Vladimir was able to retake the exam.
Vladimir was about to shoot his target.
Vladimir was absolutely scared crapless listening to the recordings.
Vladimir was allergic to mustard.
Vladimir was always hovering around Anna like an annoying fly.
Vladimir was an uninvited guest.
Vladimir was around Anna for her protection.
Vladimir was attacked by a raccoon.
Vladimir was banned from the store.
Vladimir was beginning to sound as local as an Algerian.
Vladimir was born in 2004.
Vladimir was born that way.
Vladimir was born to super rich parents.
Vladimir was boxing pretty well.
Vladimir was caught a week later in a high-speed chase.
Vladimir was chasing a butterfly in the field.
Vladimir was cheating on Rima in her house.
Vladimir was chewing like a cow.
Vladimir was coming over that weekend.
Vladimir was completely absorbed in his relationship with Martha.
Vladimir was convinced that that apartment was haunted.
Vladimir was deeply in love with Anna.
Vladimir was deployed to Afghanistan when Anna was five.
Vladimir was disparaging Anna's PhD.
Vladimir was doing a news story in Algeria.
Vladimir was doing his PhD in Berber.
Vladimir was dragging the log.
Vladimir was dressed in royal garments.
Vladimir was driving back home from getting ice cream.
Vladimir was driving his convertible in Algiers.
Vladimir was drooling on Anna's jacket.
Vladimir was dumb as a button.
Vladimir was envious of his brother, Yuri.
Vladimir was filled with scratch marks down his arms and legs.
Vladimir was five years older than Anna.
Vladimir was found unresponsive in a cemetery.
Vladimir was fourteen months older than Anna.
Vladimir was freaking out.
Vladimir was genuinely happy for Martha.
Vladimir was getting out of the window.
Vladimir was getting worried about his safety overall.
Vladimir was glad he had found a nice house in his price range.
Vladimir was going through the mail.
Vladimir was grumpy that I had woken him up.
Vladimir was guarding the way.
Vladimir was having a hard time believing that Anna was his cousin.
Vladimir was heading out of school.
Vladimir was herding animals in the steppe.
Vladimir was hit on the head during the competition.
Vladimir was holding a garbage can lid.
Vladimir was holding back tears.
Vladimir was immediately surprised by his mother's childhood photos.
Vladimir was in Algeria to film that video.
Vladimir was in a terribly uncomfortable situation.
Vladimir was in the army.
Vladimir was in the basement, practising his singing.
Vladimir was in the hallway, handing out sandwiches.
Vladimir was in the old funeral home.
Vladimir was in the wrong room.
Vladimir was introduced to a new Berber teacher.
Vladimir was invited to vacation in the villa.
Vladimir was involved with an international mafia gang.
Vladimir was laying on the couch, watching TV.
Vladimir was lazy and whiny.
Vladimir was leading Anna by the hand.
Vladimir was like a second son to my mother.
Vladimir was like the Donald Trump of publishing.
Vladimir was locking the doors.
Vladimir was looking down at Anna with a really worried face.
Vladimir was lost for words as Anna was telling him that.
Vladimir was naked and wet, as though he had been swimming.
Vladimir was nice and really talkative.
Vladimir was nowhere to be seen, so Anna took the chance to finally leave the party.
Vladimir was on holiday in Algeria.
Vladimir was on the rooftop of an abandoned building.
Vladimir was on the slide.
Vladimir was only allowed to watch TV between four and five pm.
Vladimir was our only Arabic-Berber translator.
Vladimir was part of the research team.
Vladimir was playing poker with Yuri.
Vladimir was playing with his little brother.
Vladimir was practicing archery alone.
Vladimir was pretty thrilled at the idea.
Vladimir was publicly executed.
Vladimir was pulling pranks all over the neighborhood.
Vladimir was put on the stretcher.
Vladimir was quietly jealous.
Vladimir was redoing the insulation in his attic.
Vladimir was right beside Anna's bed.
Vladimir was run over by a car and broke his arm.
Vladimir was running after butterflies in the park.
Vladimir was screaming to his mom.
Vladimir was seeking to impress.
Vladimir was shocked at Anna's words.
Vladimir was shocked when he saw Anna with her blue hair again.
Vladimir was shoveling mud in the garden.
Vladimir was shoveling the mud into a wheelbarrow.
Vladimir was sitting by the water, practising his singing.
Vladimir was sitting on his bed, getting ready for work.
Vladimir was sitting up in his bed on his computer.
Vladimir was sleeping in his sister's room.
Vladimir was sleeping on his left side.
Vladimir was sleeping on the job.
Vladimir was smacking a stick against a tree trunk.
Vladimir was so happy he had so much money.
Vladimir was speechless with shock.
Vladimir was speeding down the road, trying to lose the cops.
Vladimir was taken to a foster home.
Vladimir was talking to a ghost.
Vladimir was tending to other customers.
Vladimir was terribly frightened.
Vladimir was terrified of that room.
Vladimir was terrified to look back.
Vladimir was the complete opposite of Anna.
Vladimir was the first to participate in the contest.
Vladimir was the only one who saw through Anna's mask.
Vladimir was throwing a party for the cheerleaders.
Vladimir was throwing feed into the fish pond.
Vladimir was throwing rocks into the creek.
Vladimir was too young to climb a ladder.
Vladimir was traveling separately.
Vladimir was twisted in rage.
Vladimir was typing furiously on his phone.
Vladimir was up, watching TV.
Vladimir was vacuuming the room.
Vladimir was waiting for Anna on the platform.
Vladimir was walking around the house.
Vladimir was watching Anna from a corner.
Vladimir was watching the whole scene.
Vladimir was working third shift at the gas station.
Vladimir wasn't born to work.
Vladimir wasn't talking to me and it was pure torture.
Vladimir watched Martha as she was trying to hold back tears.
Vladimir watched TV in the basement.
Vladimir watched the soldiers walk away with his mother with tears in his eyes.
Vladimir went back to bed.
Vladimir went closer to the truck.
Vladimir went into the walk-in wardrobe.
Vladimir went on a picnic with Anna.
Vladimir went on a stroll across the fields.
Vladimir went silent for a moment.
Vladimir went to a nightclub to celebrate his breakup.
Vladimir went to check on the camera footage.
Vladimir went to fetch water at the village well.
Vladimir went to his meeting.
Vladimir went to the door to open it.
Vladimir went to the dunes of In Amenas.
Vladimir went to the forest.
Vladimir went to the lagoon area.
Vladimir went to turn the TV back on.
Vladimir went up the little hill.
Vladimir will always be at Anna's side.
Vladimir will be dead.
Vladimir will come to meet Anna next month.
Vladimir will have to change his shirt.
Vladimir will never have to work a day in his life.
Vladimir will stay with the herd in the steppe.
Vladimir woke up in panic.
Vladimir woke up in the middle of the night.
Vladimir woke up to tapping on his bedroom door.
Vladimir wore Yuri's shirt.
Vladimir worked for the mosque.
Vladimir works in a building from the 1940s.
Vladimir works in constant fear.
Vladimir works in one of the offices in the Islamic cultural center.
Vladimir would occasionally take trips without Anna.
Vladimir would often take trips out of Algeria.
Vladimir would snap at whatever Anna did or said.
Vladimir wrapped toilet paper around the tree.
Vladimir wrinkled his nose like I was something disgusting.
Vladimir wrote Anna five more letters.
Vladimir yelled that he wasn't afraid anymore.
Vladimir's German Shepherd barks for anything.
Vladimir's alarm system did help him feel secure.
Vladimir's arm itched terribly.
Vladimir's bathtub was crawling with ants.
Vladimir's behavior isn't OK.
Vladimir's behavior made his mom absolutely furious.
Vladimir's big dream is to open up his own clinic.
Vladimir's breath stinks.
Vladimir's cat is called Ringo.
Vladimir's cat is curious.
Vladimir's closest neighbors were Muslim.
Vladimir's company was accused of fraud.
Vladimir's day was ruined when he saw Anna.
Vladimir's dimpled smile was disarming.
Vladimir's dog ripped the family record book up.
Vladimir's door wouldn't close.
Vladimir's eyelids were swollen from crying.
Vladimir's eyes were sealed shut from dried blood.
Vladimir's face was very itchy.
Vladimir's favorite YouTube video came on.
Vladimir's feet stank.
Vladimir's fingers slithered through the small window crack.
Vladimir's first instinct was to save Anna.
Vladimir's food has gone cold.
Vladimir's front door was pushed open and Anna walked in.
Vladimir's gaze was fixed on Anna.
Vladimir's grandmother was party machine.
Vladimir's hair was dyed blue.
Vladimir's hair was really bad.
Vladimir's heart started pounding.
Vladimir's helicopter landed behind his mansion.
Vladimir's house still has a dirt-floor basement.
Vladimir's house was sold.
Vladimir's jacket was really cool.
Vladimir's jaw almost dropped upon seeing Anna in the room.
Vladimir's jaw dropped when he turned and saw Anna.
Vladimir's job called and they said that he never showed up today.
Vladimir's job moved to a new location.
Vladimir's kiss made Anna's stomach do cartwheels.
Vladimir's knee hurt.
Vladimir's knee was very swollen and he couldn't even walk.
Vladimir's lasagna recipe is going with him to his grave.
Vladimir's letter was accurate.
Vladimir's name was called.
Vladimir's name was carved into the tombstone.
Vladimir's parents came to the village to prepare the Yennayer festivities.
Vladimir's parents might be the fraudsters.
Vladimir's phone instantly died.
Vladimir's phone is disconnected now.
Vladimir's pictures went viral in no time.
Vladimir's rims looked pretty battered.
Vladimir's romantic life isn't so bad.
Vladimir's security cameras stopped working.
Vladimir's sister looks like a sack of turnips.
Vladimir's sister was fourteen.
Vladimir's smile instantly disappear upon seeing Anna at the door.
Vladimir's survival instincts kicked in.
Vladimir's truck is too old to drive.
Vladimir's village has no running water.
Vladivostok is a Russian city.
Vladivostok is a city in Russia.
Vladmir and Anna wanted to have a special night out.
Vladmir's heart sank from fear.
Vling is my Orange Dream Conlang. As the word endings in Esperanto express parts of speech, the tones of words in Vling express parts of speech. A word generator with a randomizer created the Eastern-ambiance vocabulary within seconds. Interestingly, the word "faig2" with the "2" signifying mid-level tone, as a noun, means "river," mystically alluding to the Buddhist idea of an "ever-changing stream of consciousness" instead of a "soul."
Vling, my prototype of a tonal Oriental-like artificial language, is still indeed just a prototype. Its symbolic colour is orange.
Vo talked about Oz to Nan: "There's a lot of space in Australia for more people, immigrants." Being from Oz, she replied, "There's not enough water there. Deserts!"
Vocabulary is an important asset in the study of a foreign language.
Vocabulary is the basis of language.
Vocational schools were set up one after another.
Vodka is really strong.
Vodun is a syncretic African-American or African diasporic faith that combines traditional religions of west and central Africa with Catholicism. Versions are found in Brazil, Cuba, the Dominican Republic, Haiti and Louisiana, and in west Africa among speakers of the Gbe language family.
Voice assistants did not live up to the hype.
Voice clips are entered into a submission queue that readies them for listening.
Voice dubbers are being sought for the Chinese version of the film.
Voice of America broadcasts from Washington.
Voice recognition technologies bring a human dimension to our devices, but developers need an enormous amount of voice data to build them.
Voice your opinion.
Voice-activated search is enabled by default on Siddhi's new phone.
Voice-controlled assistants have become increasingly popular in homes in recent years. They can be used for things like looking up information, playing music, ordering food or buying things on the internet.
Voiceless plosives in Dutch have almost no aspiration at all.
Voiceless screaming was interestingly represented through music notation by Alfred Schnittke: "silence fortissimo".
Voices in your head don't always tell the truth.
Voices rose near at hand, for tea was spread out under the sycamore-tree, as it had been on the day of my arrival.
Voila!
Voilà! Case resolved!
Vojvodina is an autonomous province of citizens (hereinafter: citizens) who live in it, part of the Republic of Serbia. Vojvodina is a region where multiculturalism, multiconfessionalism and other European principles and values ​​are traditionally nurtured. AP Vojvodina is an inseparable part of the Republic of Serbia.
Volapük is surprisingly genderqueer-friendly.
Volatile aid and investment inflows have limited growth, and poverty remains high.
Volatile international relations are keeping oil prices high.
Volcanic ash brought aviation to a standstill.
Volcanic ash covered the city.
Volcanic ash disrupted air travel.
Volcanic eruptions in Tonga have created a new island.
Volcanic peaks have always captured the human imagination.
Volcanoes are among the most violent features on earth and a source of fascination through history.
Volcanoes are an amazing phenomenon.
Volcanoes are dangerous.
Volcanoes are very dangerous.
Volcanoes can be active, dormant, or extinct.
Volcanoes erupt without warning.
Volcanoes on other solar system planets are much larger and much more active than those on Earth.
Volcanoes spouted ash and lava.
Voles in the garden are a nuisance.
Volkswagen could face up to $18 billions in fines.
Volkswagen is a German car manufacturer.
Volkswagen shares fell by more than 20%.
Volkswagen used illegal software that detects when the car is undergoing official emissions testing.
Volkswagen was supposed to be the car for the masses!
Volkswagen's diesel cars emit as much as 40 times more pollutants as they are allowed under the Clean Air Act rules.
Volleyball is a fun game to play.
Volleyball is a lot of fun.
Volodymyr became a refugee.
Volumes 1 and 2 of Haida Syntax by John Enrico really fired up my imagination of Native Indian life on the archipelago of Haida Gwaii.
Volumes are usually measured in liters; cubic centimetres or meters.
Voluntarily or involuntarily, you have to do what I say.
Volunteer for a cause you care about.
Volunteer medical workers save many lives by giving vulnerable people healthcare access.
Volunteer work may thus have an important effect on students' knowledge of the world and future life choices.
Volunteering helps build a better world together.
Volunteering in my community gives me a sense of purpose.
Volunteering is the basis of humanity.
Volunteers are always welcome.
Volunteers are cleaning up the park today.
Volunteers are desperately needed.
Volunteers are needed.
Volunteers collected donations for the benefit of the handicapped.
Volunteers distributed tea in disposable cups.
Volunteers get a T-shirt.
Volunteers have saved thousands of people.
Volunteers kept signing up to help us.
Volunteers rescued an infant manatee off the coast of Florida.
Volunteers spend two hours each Saturday doing one-on-one lessons with the children who are first assessed to see what level they are in.
Volunteers will be uniformed.
Volvo is starting a new project. Read more.
Von Hindenberg defeated Hitler in a democratic election, but Hindenberg immediately made Hitler Chancellor using the normal democratic process of Weimar Germany.
Voodoo isn't devil worship.
Vortarulo slaps Pandark around with a large trout.
Vote Donald Trump.
Vote Joe Biden.
Vote Tom Jackson for alderman.
Vote again then!
Vote for Algeria.
Vote for Cthulhu.
Vote for Tom Jackson.
Vote for Tom and me.
Vote for Tom.
Vote for Trump.
Vote for her.
Vote for him.
Vote for me!
Vote for me.
Vote for me. I'm apolitical.
Vote for my pic!
Vote for the future of your children.
Vote for us!
Vote for us.
Vote for your favourite place.
Vote now!
Vote with your wallet.
Vote? But we tried that last time!
Voter turnout is down again.
Voters are morons.
Voters are taking out their frustrations at the polls.
Voters cast their ballots for mayor every four years.
Voters have faced a barrage of disinformation, particularly on social media.
Voters may yet reject the misbegotten 'Dream Act'.
Voters must not be corrupted.
Voters of the middling sort don't see it that way.
Voters rejected a similar measure last year.
Voters sometimes feel manipulated by clever rhetoric.
Voters waited in endless lines.
Voters went to the polls in the southern state of Louisiana Saturday to decide whether their next governor should be the son of immigrants from India or a woman of French/Acadian heritage.
Voting has just ended. When can the result be expected?
Voting is a civic duty.
Voting is a good way of making democratic decisions.
Voting is a patriotic duty.
Voting is for cucks.
Voting is like chess: you make the best move you can make.
Voting is like washing the dishes. You can't just do it once and have it be over with.
Voting is over.
Voting is something that is important.
Voting is your civic duty.
Voting matters, I don't know how many times we have to learn this lesson.
Voting rights do matter.
Voting took place at more than 7,000 polling stations across the country, including former rebel bastions where voting did not take place in 2016.
Vowel harmony is important in the Hungarian language.
Vowelizing letters is one of the basics of writing in the Arabic language.
Vowels are essential components of spoken language.
Vowels use the vocal chords and consonants use the mouth.
Voyager 1 entered interstellar space.
Voyager 1 has finally reached interstellar space.
Voyager 2 completed its twelve year tour of the solar system with a visit to Neptune and its moons.
Voyager 2 flew within 50,600 miles (81,433 kilometers) of Uranus’ cloud tops, collecting data that revealed two new rings, 11 new moons and temperatures below minus 353 degrees Fahrenheit (minus 214 degrees Celsius).
Voyager 2 has confirmed that Jupiter is surrounded by a system of thin rings.
Voyager 2 produced images showing the Great Dark Spot, a storm on Neptune, as it approached the planet in 1989. By the time the Hubble Space Telescope photographed Neptune in 1994, the spot had disappeared.
Voyager 2, a space probe, passed within 4900 kilometers of Neptune in 1989.
Voyages of exploration were the earliest in the history of studying the ocean.
Vroom vroom!
Vuk was a co-student in my Chemical Engineering classes in university. He was of East European ancestry. He had black hair and an affable personality.
Vulcan made weapons for gods and men.
Vulcan philosophy scares the ordinary, because it encourages freeing from emotions.
Vulcans have pointed ears.
Vulcans have pointy ears.
Vulgarity can be a source of hilarity.
Vulnerable indigenous species, including the flightless Tasmanian native hen and bettongs, which are small nocturnal marsupials, would be at particular risk.
Vultures circled above the dead body.
Vultures circled over the dead bodies.
Vultures eat carrion.
Vultures lay two eggs.
Vuvuzelas are stupid!
Vuvuzelas make very melodious sounds.
Vuyiswa gave birth to three children.
Väinämöinen is a central character in Finnish folklore.
Väinämöinen, the eternal soothsayer, traveled to the other world in quest for words of power, the most powerful of spells.
Véronique loves bouquets of flowers.
W is a non-Esperanto letter.
WADA Chief Dick Pound told a Montreal news conference Friday that 24 athletes from Winter Olympic sports have suspect levels of banned substances in their dope tests.
WARNING - 18+ ONLY.
WCS ecologist Glennon says the current theory is that the moose resurgence was facilitated by the laws protecting the preserve, and several corridors of protected land linking the Adirondacks to Maine, Vermont and Canada, which provide safe travel routes for the animals.
WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said the Memorandum of Understanding he signed with the AU formalizes their cooperation in three key areas.
WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said the WHO is "deeply concerned both by the alarming levels of spread and severity, and by the alarming levels of inaction."
WHO data analyst William Msemburi said the organization is working with other U.N. agencies to quantify both the direct and indirect impacts of COVID-19.
WHO experts say they do not know how the virus is transmitted from poultry to humans, but they believe the germs travel through the air. They say eating well-cooked meat from an infected bird does not cause the disease.
WHO is the abbreviation for World Health Organization.
WHO merged with Microsoft.
WHO officials said this is of particular concern as it is during this formative age that healthy relationships are made.
WHO reports that all over the world people with mental and psychosocial disabilities are subject to a wide range of human rights violations, stigma and discrimination.
WHO stands for World Health Organization.
WHO’s director of the Department of Immunization, Vaccines and Biologicals, Kate O’Brien warns measles outbreaks are not just persisting, but are increasing.
WLW is an abbreviation of "women who love women."
WW1 lasted from 1914 until 1918.
WWI lasted from 1914 until 1918.
WYSIWYG stands for "What You See Is What You Get."
Waaaa...
Waaahhh! I lost my wallet.
Wade lifts heavier weights than that.
Wafi's backyard was invaded by armed Jewish settlers.
Wage settlements in Japan this year were moderate.
Wages and salary are pay received at regular times.
Wages are extremely low now.
Wages are falling.
Wages are finally starting to rise again.
Wages are theft.
Wages in Algeria are much higher than in Mauritania.
Wages vary in relation to the age of the worker.
Wages were extremely low back then.
Wagner also wrote symphonies and a few works for chorus and orchestra, but he is so much greater as a composer of music dramas that he is known mostly for his works for the stage.
Wagner works at the Missouri Botanical Garden. Their orchid collection is world-famous and dates back to the late 1800s.
Wagons would go out each day in search of food.
Wahiu said Kenya’s 2010 constitution recognizes the rights of what it calls “marginalized” peoples, including nomadic pastoralists like the Turkana and the Masai.
Waikiki was the capital of the Hawaiian Kingdom.
Waistcoats were very popular in those days.
Wait 'til we see...
Wait a bit and I'll give you a ride.
Wait a bit longer, please. I have something I want to test out.
Wait a bit longer.
Wait a bit more.
Wait a bit!
Wait a bit, I've cut out all the hard work for you to make it easier on you.
Wait a bit, please.
Wait a bit.
Wait a bit. I'll prepare some for you.
Wait a bit. I’ll prepare some for you.
Wait a couple of days.
Wait a few more days.
Wait a little longer, and you’ll see that we’ll deliver the baby safely.
Wait a little longer.
Wait a little more.
Wait a minute until they come back.
Wait a minute!
Wait a minute! Don't hang up the phone!
Wait a minute! Don't hang up!
Wait a minute! Hang on!
Wait a minute! Whose hair is this?!
Wait a minute, Mary!
Wait a minute, Tom!
Wait a minute, Tom.
Wait a minute, damn it!
Wait a minute, he's just coming to the phone.
Wait a minute, honey!
Wait a minute, please!
Wait a minute, please.
Wait a minute, who am I?
Wait a minute, will you?
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute. Did you call me "blob"?
Wait a minute. I want to tell you something.
Wait a minute. I'll be right back.
Wait a minute. I'll fetch a towel.
Wait a minute. Let me think about it.
Wait a minute. My shoelace is undone.
Wait a minute. Something's not right.
Wait a minute. The wash is done. I'm going to hang out the laundry to dry.
Wait a minute. The wash is done. I’m going to hang out the laundry to dry.
Wait a minute; I'm not finished yet.
Wait a minute; that's not a cat. It's a dog!
Wait a minute… I think you should go with them.
Wait a moment for it to refresh.
Wait a moment!
Wait a moment, please – someone's knocking on the door.
Wait a moment, please.
Wait a moment.
Wait a moment. I need to put my glasses on.
Wait a moment. My shoelaces are untied.
Wait a sec.
Wait a sec. I've got to put my specs on.
Wait a second here.
Wait a second!
Wait a second, Tom.
Wait a second, do the cops like me for this?
Wait a second, he's just coming to the phone.
Wait a second.
Wait a second. Do you just think that all's well that ends well? That's not the way it is.
Wait a second. Do you just think that all’s well that ends well? That’s not the way it is.
Wait a second. I'll get a towel.
Wait a second. My shoe is untied.
Wait a second. There's just one thing I want to ask.
Wait a while in the car.
Wait a while, I'll be right back.
Wait a while.
Wait a while. It's pouring.
Wait and see.
Wait and see; this child is about to get dirty.
Wait another minute.
Wait at home.
Wait at the entrance of this building.
Wait at the entrance to this building.
Wait beside the car for me!
Wait five minutes, please.
Wait for Mary.
Wait for Mennad.
Wait for Tom and me.
Wait for Tom before you start.
Wait for Tom outside, please.
Wait for Tom.
Wait for a bit in the car.
Wait for a few seconds.
Wait for a moment outside the room.
Wait for a second chance.
Wait for a signal from me.
Wait for a while.
Wait for a while. I'll make you some.
Wait for a while. I’ll make you some.
Wait for her to return then ask her.
Wait for her.
Wait for him.
Wait for him; he'll be here in no time.
Wait for it.
Wait for it... here it comes.
Wait for me a bit!
Wait for me after school.
Wait for me at Chuck's Diner.
Wait for me at eight o’clock.
Wait for me at home.
Wait for me at six o'clock.
Wait for me at the door.
Wait for me at the entrance.
Wait for me at the exit.
Wait for me at the front gate.
Wait for me at the gas station.
Wait for me at the gate.
Wait for me below. I'll be there in a minute.
Wait for me by the car!
Wait for me downstairs.
Wait for me downstairs. I'll be there in a minute.
Wait for me here and don't go anywhere.
Wait for me here.
Wait for me here. I'll be right back.
Wait for me if you get there early.
Wait for me in front of my great-grandson's house.
Wait for me in front of my great-grandson’s house.
Wait for me in front of the house.
Wait for me in my office.
Wait for me in the car.
Wait for me in the meeting room.
Wait for me next to that tree.
Wait for me on the porch.
Wait for me outside.
Wait for me there.
Wait for me to come with you.
Wait for me until I write you.
Wait for me!
Wait for me! I can't run that fast!
Wait for me, I am coming.
Wait for me, Tom.
Wait for me, guys.
Wait for me, please.
Wait for me, wait a second!
Wait for me.
Wait for me. I'll be back in no time.
Wait for me. I'll be back soon.
Wait for me. I'll be back.
Wait for me. I'll be there in a minute or ten.
Wait for me. I'll be there in about ten minutes.
Wait for me. I'll be there in ten minutes or so.
Wait for me. I'll be there in ten minutes.
Wait for me. I’ll be back in no time.
Wait for me. I’ll be there in a minute or ten.
Wait for me; I'll be back soon.
Wait for my call.
Wait for my command.
Wait for my signal.
Wait for signal.
Wait for six hours.
Wait for the bread to completely cool down before eating it.
Wait for the download to finish.
Wait for the game to start.
Wait for the green signal before starting to cross.
Wait for the light to become green to cross.
Wait for the night before saying that the day was beautiful.
Wait for the page to load.
Wait for the police.
Wait for the tea to brew.
Wait for them.
Wait for three or four days.
Wait for us here.
Wait for us in the lobby.
Wait for us outside.
Wait for us there.
Wait for us, Tom.
Wait for us.
Wait for your brother.
Wait for your sister.
Wait for your symptoms to go.
Wait for your turn, please.
Wait for your turn.
Wait four hours.
Wait here a minute.
Wait here a second, OK?
Wait here for a moment.
Wait here for a while.
Wait here for me.
Wait here till I come back.
Wait here till I get back.
Wait here till I return.
Wait here till he comes back.
Wait here till he gets back.
Wait here until I come back.
Wait here until I get back.
Wait here until I return.
Wait here until I'm back.
Wait here until he comes back.
Wait here until we get back.
Wait here while I go get your coats.
Wait here while I go get your jackets.
Wait here with everybody else.
Wait here with everyone else.
Wait here!
Wait here, please.
Wait here.
Wait here. I'll be back soon.
Wait here. I'll be right back.
Wait here. I'll bring you something to eat.
Wait here. I'll get you something to eat.
Wait here. I'll return shortly.
Wait here. I’ll return shortly.
Wait in here.
Wait in line, please.
Wait in line.
Wait in my office.
Wait in the car, OK?
Wait in the car.
Wait in the cold.
Wait in the lobby.
Wait in the queue, please.
Wait in the waiting room.
Wait inside the car.
Wait just 3 minutes.
Wait just a little bit. It'll be done immediately.
Wait just a little longer.
Wait just a minute, please.
Wait just a minute.
Wait just a moment, and I'll show you how to do that.
Wait just a moment, and I'll show you.
Wait just a moment.
Wait just a moment. Let me think.
Wait just a second.
Wait just one minute.
Wait just ten seconds!
Wait one minute.
Wait one moment.
Wait one second.
Wait or you'll get lost again.
Wait out front.
Wait out here.
Wait outside and leave us alone.
Wait outside the mosque.
Wait outside, Tom.
Wait outside, please.
Wait outside.
Wait over here.
Wait over there.
Wait patiently!
Wait quietly until the substitute teacher gets here.
Wait right here.
Wait right there.
Wait somewhere else.
Wait ten more minutes!
Wait there and don't move.
Wait there for Tom.
Wait there for a second.
Wait there for me.
Wait there for us.
Wait there.
Wait there. I'll be right back.
Wait thirty minutes.
Wait till 2:30.
Wait till I call.
Wait till I count to ten.
Wait till I finish eating.
Wait till I finish exams.
Wait till I get back.
Wait till I get my hat.
Wait till I get there.
Wait till I put on my coat.
Wait till I tell Tom before you tell Mary.
Wait till Tom and Mary get here.
Wait till Tom finds out about this.
Wait till Tom gets here.
Wait till he gets back.
Wait till next year.
Wait till six.
Wait till the chairman recognizes you.
Wait till the end, please.
Wait till the guys at work hear that your wife left you for another woman.
Wait till the kettle begins to sing.
Wait till the light turns green.
Wait till the rain stops.
Wait till the soup warms.
Wait till they open fire.
Wait till you get older.
Wait till you get there.
Wait till you see Tom's Halloween costume.
Wait till you see this.
Wait until 2:30.
Wait until 6 p.m.
Wait until I come back.
Wait until I finish eating.
Wait until I get back.
Wait until I look this manuscript over.
Wait until I sit down.
Wait until I tell Tom about this.
Wait until I tell your father what you did today.
Wait until I'm done eating.
Wait until Monday to do that.
Wait until Tom relieves himself.
Wait until Tom sees this.
Wait until after I come back.
Wait until after the season.
Wait until all the facts in the case are known.
Wait until dark.
Wait until further notice.
Wait until he gets back.
Wait until he's back.
Wait until it comes closer.
Wait until it's warm out.
Wait until next year.
Wait until six in the evening.
Wait until six o'clock.
Wait until six.
Wait until the crowd scatters.
Wait until the dust clears.
Wait until the end, please.
Wait until the first coat dries before painting a second coat.
Wait until the indicator turns green.
Wait until the light changes to green.
Wait until the meal gets cold.
Wait until the page loads.
Wait until the tea leaves settle to the bottom.
Wait until they get good and drunk, and then we'll come in with our guns ablazing.
Wait until they open fire.
Wait until they realize.
Wait until tomorrow morning.
Wait until tomorrow.
Wait until tonight.
Wait until we tell you that you can leave.
Wait until you get back.
Wait until you get here.
Wait until you get home.
Wait until you get to know him well and you'll realise.
Wait until you receive the letter.
Wait until you see it.
Wait until you see this.
Wait until you see what I bought today.
Wait until you see what we can do.
Wait until your father gets home.
Wait until your turn comes.
Wait up!
Wait up.
Wait up. I want to finish my drink.
Wait up. I'll go brush my teeth.
Wait where you would like.
Wait while I make myself decent.
Wait your turn, Tom.
Wait your turn.
Wait!
Wait! Don't shoot!
Wait! I want to tell you something.
Wait! I'm coming!
Wait! One! Two! Five--I mean, Three! Throw!
Wait! What are you doing there?
Wait'll you hear what happened today.
Wait'll you see this.
Wait, I had her number somewhere.
Wait, I want to show you something.
Wait, I want to try something.
Wait, I'll ask someone.
Wait, I'll walk you out!
Wait, I'll walk you out.
Wait, Mary, it's too dangerous!
Wait, Tom.
Wait, Tom. It's too dangerous!
Wait, and you may see Tom.
Wait, did you hear what I told you?
Wait, did you say girl or guy?
Wait, did you say girlfriend or boyfriend?
Wait, did you say girlfriend? Or boyfriend?
Wait, don't shoot at each other!
Wait, don't shoot yourself!
Wait, don't shoot!
Wait, don't switch it off, please.
Wait, don't take that down!
Wait, don't turn around.
Wait, don’t shoot at each other!
Wait, don’t shoot yourself!
Wait, don’t shoot!
Wait, is that him?
Wait, it could be dangerous.
Wait, it's today? You told me it was next Friday!
Wait, let me put my glasses on.
Wait, let me put this down.
Wait, pax!
Wait, please. I'm getting a towel to give you.
Wait, there's more.
Wait, there's no need to do that.
Wait, there's no reason to do that.
Wait, truce!
Wait, wait just a little while.
Wait, wait, don't go yet.
Wait, wasn't the math test tomorrow?
Wait, we can't do this.
Wait, we haven't said grace yet.
Wait, we'll go with you.
Wait, what are you doing here?
Wait, what are you trying to do?
Wait, what did you just say?
Wait, what did you say?
Wait, what is this?
Wait, what size do you wear?
Wait, what the fuck? The music festival got cancelled because of 'unsatisfactory ticket sales'?
Wait, what?
Wait, what? That doesn't make any sense!
Wait, who told you?
Wait, whose turn is it?
Wait, why am I telling you this?
Wait, why are there cameras over at the distance? And how did we suddenly end up in a movie studio? And why is the sky just a giant poster?!
Wait, why are you here?
Wait, you are the one with the longer breath!
Wait, you guys.
Wait, you're Sean Connery!
Wait, you're jumping to conclusions.
Wait.
Wait. Come back.
Wait. Don't go.
Wait. Don't lock the door yet.
Wait. Don't shoot yet.
Wait. Help is coming.
Wait. I am writing you a message now.
Wait. I can erase it.
Wait. I can't walk that fast.
Wait. I need to buy a ticket for you, too.
Wait. I need to buy a ticket.
Wait. I need to buy your ticket.
Wait. I wanna talk to you.
Wait. I want to show you something.
Wait. I want to tell you something.
Wait. I will pay for this.
Wait. I'll be back.
Wait. I'll find out.
Wait. I'll look for it now.
Wait. I'm going to show you something.
Wait. If I'm a fox, and you're a rabbit, doesn't that make you my prey?
Wait. It's happening all over again.
Wait. The phone's ringing.
Wait. What did you just say?
Waiter needed.
Waiter! I need a knife.
Waiter, I need a knife.
Waiter, I need a napkin.
Waiter, I need a spoon.
Waiter, I would like to pay.
Waiter, I'd like to order.
Waiter, I’d like to order.
Waiter, bring me a double.
Waiter, check please.
Waiter, could I have the bill please?
Waiter, give us separate checks please.
Waiter, give us separate checks, please.
Waiter, may I have the bill please?
Waiter, may I please have the check?
Waiter, please bring me another glass of beer.
Waiter, please bring me some water.
Waiter, please give me a cup of tea.
Waiter, please give us the menu.
Waiter, please split the check.
Waiter, please. I need a spoon for the soup.
Waiter, service, please!
Waiter, the bill please.
Waiter, the check please.
Waiter, the check, please.
Waiter, the rice is undercooked and has no salt.
Waiter, there is a fly in my coffee.
Waiter, there's a fly in my soup!
Waiter, this glass is broken.
Waiter, three coffees, please.
Waiting a long time for a friend annoys me.
Waiting a long time for a friend makes me nervous.
Waiting along the shores, donning white gum boots and white coats, fish traders wait to offload the Nile perch that has turned profitable for many traders.
Waiting around and worrying about getting sick can lead to increased anxiety.
Waiting can be exhausting.
Waiting drives me crazy.
Waiting for Kate, I saw Bob and Mary.
Waiting for a bus, I met my friend.
Waiting for a train is boring.
Waiting for a train is tedious.
Waiting for happiness doesn't make it come.
Waiting for me was a piece of bread covered by a slice of cheese.
Waiting for this day, he harbored dreams he never shared with anyone.
Waiting for too long for a late guest is a lack of consideration towards those guests who are present.
Waiting for too long makes most people annoyed.
Waiting is a trial that everyone goes through at some point in their life.
Waiting is boring.
Waiting is hard for me.
Waiting is just a waste of time.
Waiting is the root of all suffering, so it’s better not to expect anything from life.
Waiting isn't a good idea.
Waiting tables in Boston can be lucrative.
Waiting tables in Boston can be very lucrative.
Waiting tests my patience.
Waiting, observing, and keeping silent can avoid many wars.
Waitress! Another basket of pork dumplings, please.
Waitress, I'd like to order.
Waitress, I’d like to order.
Wait—I must warn you. There may be a risk—if I've been followed. I don't think I have, but one never knows. If so, there will be danger.
Wakayama Prefecture's capital is Wakayama City.
Wake Mary up.
Wake Mennad up.
Wake Tom now.
Wake Tom up.
Wake her up.
Wake him up.
Wake me around seven o'clock.
Wake me at 6.30, please.
Wake me at half past six, please.
Wake me at half six, please.
Wake me if you need me.
Wake me tomorrow at eight o'clock.
Wake me tomorrow at eight.
Wake me up after two hours!
Wake me up as soon as it's light.
Wake me up at 2:30.
Wake me up at 7:00 tomorrow morning.
Wake me up at eight o'clock.
Wake me up at eight.
Wake me up at seven o'clock.
Wake me up at seven.
Wake me up at six, please.
Wake me up before you go.
Wake me up before you leave.
Wake me up before you wake up.
Wake me up early in the morning at six, OK?
Wake me up early tomorrow morning.
Wake me up if anything happens.
Wake me up in five minutes.
Wake me up in three hours.
Wake me up tomorrow at six, okay?
Wake me up tomorrow at six, please.
Wake me up tomorrow morning at 8:00 AM, I have a flight at 10:00 AM.
Wake me up tomorrow morning, please.
Wake me up when Tom and Mary get home.
Wake me up when Tom gets home.
Wake me up when it's my turn stand guard.
Wake me up when we get to Tom's.
Wake me up when we've arrived.
Wake me up when you get home if I'm asleep.
Wake me up when you get home.
Wake me up.
Wake not a sleeping lion.
Wake not at every dog's bark.
Wake not at every dog’s bark.
Wake the children up.
Wake the kids.
Wake them up.
Wake up Tom! It's half seven. You have to take the children to school.
Wake up Tom.
Wake up already.
Wake up and be more attentive!
Wake up and pay more attention!
Wake up and smell the coffee.
Wake up and smell the roses!
Wake up and smell the roses.
Wake up at seven, please.
Wake up early to awaken your fortune.
Wake up early tomorrow!
Wake up early tomorrow.
Wake up early.
Wake up if you want to fulfil your dreams.
Wake up my friend!
Wake up the children.
Wake up to yourself and start acting your age.
Wake up!
Wake up! It's beer o'clock!
Wake up! It's time to wake up!
Wake up! The Great Ghoul Duel is about to begin!
Wake up! You're not in Algeria!
Wake up, Marie! It's half past eight.
Wake up, Romanian, from your deadly slumber, in which barbaric tyrants kept you so long by force! Now or never is the time for you to have a new fate, which should command respect of even your cruel enemies.
Wake up, Tom!
Wake up, Tom! It's your turn!
Wake up, Tom! We've arrived.
Wake up, Tom.
Wake up, Tom. I've got to talk to you.
Wake up, Ziri! We have to save the horses!
Wake up, brothers!
Wake up, brothers, with a happy heart!
Wake up, dear.
Wake up, don't sleep.
Wake up, dummy in a garbage dump!
Wake up, everybody.
Wake up, guys. It's morning.
Wake up, it is a different time!
Wake up, please.
Wake up, school will start soon.
Wake up, sheeple!
Wake up, sleepy-head!
Wake up, sleepyhead!
Wake up, sleepyhead! You've been asleep for twelve hours!
Wake up, times have changed!
Wake up.
Wake up. It's very late.
Wake up. This is the end of the line.
Wake up. You can't sleep here.
Wake up. You're going to be late for school.
Wake up. You're half asleep.
Wake us up at seven o'clock.
Wake us up in time for breakfast.
Wakey wakey, rise and shine! There's a lot to do today!
Waking means the opposite of sleeping.
Waking on the street, he met Jim.
Waking the next morning, she went straight to the window to see whether the first snow had fallen.
Waking up is an annoying way to start a day.
Waking up is the opposite of falling asleep.
Waking up is the opposite of going to sleep.
Waking up my dark side was just a bad idea and you'll pay a high price for this and the consequences will come with a high price.
Waking up my dark sides was the wrongest thing you could ever have done.
Waking up so early isn't good.
Waking up, something already felt weird.
Walcot thereupon declared himself emphatically in favour of remaining in Sar; Dore followed him less assertively.
Waldorf salad is an American invention from the nineteenth century.
Waldos, which are a kind of hand-operated robot--and are coming into vogue with surgeons--take their name from an early story of Heinlein's.
Wales has three designated national parks.
Wales is called "Cymru" in Welsh.
Wales is not for sale.
Walid added sentences.
Walid addressed Karima.
Walid addressed the crowd.
Walid addressed their concerns.
Walid and Karima are activists.
Walid couldn't believe that Karima was breaking up with him.
Walid doesn't own the place.
Walid doesn't sell his art.
Walid goes to the market with Dina.
Walid had a girlfriend that didn't speak Berber.
Walid is an Algerian naval architect.
Walid lost his adaptor at the airport.
Walid married an actress.
Walid needs additional time.
Walid needs some carbs in his diet.
Walid ordered a replacement adaptor online.
Walid paints with his mouth.
Walid passed away some time ago.
Walid scolded his billy goat for wandering too close to a pack of hyenas.
Walid sells his art online.
Walid talked about what was happening to his people in the West Bank.
Walid tried to hide his addiction.
Walid walked through a narrow canyon with his goats following closely behind.
Walid walked through the market.
Walid walked to the market.
Walid was a devoted Muslim.
Walid was a fellow Algerian-Canadian.
Walid was a self-proclaimed imam.
Walid was born to a couple of Algerian divorcees.
Walid was disabled from the waist up.
Walid was fake-lifting heavy weights.
Walid was trying to pursue his dream as an actor.
Walid wears tight suits.
Walid's restaurant specializes in Algerian cuisine.
Walk a bit faster if you want us to catch our train before it leaves without us.
Walk abreast of me.
Walk across the bridge.
Walk ahead of me.
Walk along the river and you will find the school.
Walk along the river.
Walk along the street and turn left at the third intersection.
Walk and talk like a leader.
Walk around Disneyland and let the magic do its work!
Walk around the block.
Walk around the park five times.
Walk as fast as possible.
Walk as fast as you can.
Walk as long as you want.
Walk as much as you want.
Walk at a slower rate.
Walk away and don't look back.
Walk calmly to the door.
Walk carefully. The floor is slippery.
Walk down this road for about five minutes, and you'll see the post office on your right.
Walk east for about a mile, take a right at the gas station, walk down the hill and you're there!
Walk every day.
Walk fast so as to be in time.
Walk faster so as not to fall behind.
Walk faster!
Walk faster, or you'll miss the train.
Walk faster, or you’ll miss the train.
Walk faster.
Walk gingerly.
Walk in his footsteps.
Walk in the shadow.
Walk into your office with a big smile.
Walk it off.
Walk like the lion, and you will find tranquility.
Walk more slowly.
Walk on the pavement.
Walk on the sidewalk.
Walk on your own.
Walk or ride your bike instead of taking a car everywhere.
Walk over a little!
Walk over there to get your badge.
Walk past the church and turn right.
Walk quickly!
Walk quietly, can't you?
Walk quietly, can’t you?
Walk serenely.
Walk slowly to the door.
Walk slowly!
Walk slowly, and I will catch up with you.
Walk slowly.
Walk softly.
Walk straight, right?
Walk tall, son.
Walk the dog, please.
Walk this way.
Walk three blocks and then turn right.
Walk three more blocks and you will find the museum on your left.
Walk to the end.
Walk towards me.
Walk two blocks and turn right.
Walk two blocks, and turn left.
Walk when possible.
Walk with me, Tom.
Walk with me.
Walk with us.
Walk with your head held high.
Walk!
Walk-ins are welcome.
Walk.
Walker said virtually all body systems are affected by a lack of sleep, including the cardiovascular and metabolic systems, which may help explain why people whose sleep is fragmented are more likely to develop heart disease and diabetes.
Walkers are commonly called witch's tanks.
Walking Claudio's German Shepherd became a huge chore.
Walking alone at night can be dangerous.
Walking along the fence he noticed a mouse.
Walking along the street, I found a wallet.
Walking along the street, I happened to meet my old friend.
Walking along the street, I hit on a solution to the problem.
Walking along the street, I met Mr Smith.
Walking along the street, I met an old friend of mine.
Walking along the street, I met an old friend.
Walking along the street, I met the lady.
Walking along the street, I saw the accident.
Walking along this street, I often see a friend of mine.
Walking another family's dog other than your own is considered cheating.
Walking back from his house, I frantically searched through my memory.
Walking barefoot on soft sand or on grass is a pleasure for me.
Walking can reduce my risk of developing chronic diseases such as heart disease and diabetes.
Walking down the street, I ran into an old friend.
Walking fast, I got tired.
Walking free.
Walking from Lakewood Drive in Vancouver, BC, eastward across Nanaimo Street, there was a park beyond. At an elevated spot, there was a bench, where on a sunny day I would read one of my Japanese books.
Walking from here is a bit far.
Walking from the station to my house only takes five minutes.
Walking from the station to my house takes only five minutes.
Walking from the station to the house takes only five minutes.
Walking helps me think.
Walking her dog brings her closer to the community.
Walking her dog opens up chances to meet others.
Walking home with the collar of her trench coat turned up against the evening chill, Sam paused outside the pub on the corner of the park and listened with some amusement to the uproarious hen night taking place inside.
Walking in a rough neighborhood in very revealing clothes at night isn't the best combination for a 16 year old girl.
Walking in deep snow isn't easy.
Walking in the cities, with 100-degree weather and few sidewalks, is hard.
Walking in the dark by yourself is scary.
Walking in the dark was scary.
Walking in the garden I found a turtle.
Walking in the moonlight is a romantic way to end a date.
Walking in the park, I found a baby bird.
Walking in the park, I met a friend of mine.
Walking in the sand is difficult.
Walking into the classroom, Tom suddenly realizes he forgot to wear clothes! But he wakes up right then and realizes it was just a dream.
Walking into the sun means leaving the shadow behind you.
Walking is a cost-effective form of exercise that requires no special equipment or gym membership.
Walking is a good exercise.
Walking is a healthy form of exercise.
Walking is a low-impact exercise that is gentle on my joints and reduces the risk of injury.
Walking is a simple and effective way to improve my overall physical fitness and health.
Walking is an excellent exercise.
Walking is beneficial.
Walking is cheap.
Walking is fine, but you have to pick places that don't have narrow paths or else you run into others.
Walking is fun.
Walking is good exercise.
Walking is good.
Walking is great exercise, but I overdid it.
Walking is man's best medicine.
Walking is nice.
Walking is preferable to sitting.
Walking is the best exercise.
Walking is the best way to stay healthy.
Walking meditation is Quincy’s favourite form of meditation.
Walking meditatively through the labyrinth was soothing.
Walking on a train platform while distracted is very dangerous.
Walking on a train platform while using your cellphone is very dangerous.
Walking on the moon was one of humanity's greatest achievements.
Walking on the street, I saw my friend.
Walking out.
Walking outdoors allows me to connect with nature.
Walking somewhat slowly by reason of his concentration, the boy—an ancient man in some phases of thought, much younger than his years in others—was overtaken by a light-footed pedestrian, whom, notwithstanding the gloom, he could perceive to be wearing an extraordinarily tall hat, a swallow-tailed coat, and a watch-chain that danced madly and threw around scintillations of sky-light as its owner swung along upon a pair of thin legs and noiseless boots.
Walking the dog allows her to socialize with new faces.
Walking the dog is a chance to meet different people.
Walking the dog is my responsibility.
Walking there is always tranquil.
Walking there would take too long.
Walking through that area of town should be interesting.
Walking through the city, I ran into my friend Alfred.
Walking through the crosswalk in Downtown Vancouver, BC, many years ago, a Native Indian woman looked at my face and said, "Don't smile!" I could see on her face how foreign Occidental culture really strained her life.
Walking to the office is not a good idea when it's blistering hot out.
Walking to work every day is one way to stay fit.
Walking to work in this heat is a bad idea.
Walking to work in this heat isn't a good idea.
Walking to work is a chore.
Walking under a ladder is bad luck.
Walking up that steep hill is more tiring than running 12 laps around the track or swimming 10 laps in the pool.
Walking would have been faster.
Walking would've been faster.
Wall Street had a record-setting day Tuesday with investors optimistic that economic relief from Congress for the coronavirus pandemic may be very close.
Wall Street has too many bulls and not enough bears.
Wall Street is still in what investors call a bear market, where wild up and down swings in stock prices are common.
Wall Street opened the new trading week on a high note Monday with big gains by all three major indexes.
Wallabies were accidentally introduced to Hawaii and have become naturalized.
Wallace Fard Muhammad's true identity remains a mystery.
Wallace says iron is still the predominant metal due to its populist appeal and its function as material for tooling and intricate art pieces.
Wallonia is a beautiful country.
Wallowing is an important element of a good life in pigs.
Walls are very big these days.
Walls are very popular these days.
Walls don't talk, but the Facebook wall tells a lot of things.
Walls have ears and Shoji style Japanese paper sliding doors have eyes.
Walls have ears, shoji have eyes.
Walls have ears, shouji have eyes.
Walls have ears, sliding paper doors have eyes
Walls have ears.
Walls have ears. Sliding paper doors have eyes.
Walmart cashes in on Black Friday.
Walmart is a dominant retailer in the United States.
Walnuts, almonds, hazelnuts, pistachios and pine nuts are dry fruits.
Walruses have impressive tusks.
Walruses mate along ice edges in the drifting pack ice during winter and give birth on sea ice in spring.
Walruses use sea ice to rest, if it is close to where they hunt for food.
Walt Whitman is my favorite American poet.
Walt doesn't fight violence with violence.
Walt gives nothing to his family after his death.
Walt has origins from Poland.
Walt is a product of the Cold War.
Walt is an ex-soldier.
Walt sacrifices himself for Thao and his sister.
Walt's neighbours came to America right after living in Korea.
Walt's sons and grandsons are interested only in themselves.
Walter Mondale ran for President.
Walter was taken aback by John's cruel insult.
Walter was taken aback by John’s cruel insult.
Waltzes are in simple triple time.
Waltzing with you is heaven.
Wampum are shell beads that were used as a currency by Native Americans.
Wan is prettier than her younger sister.
Wanderlust is his name.
Wang Lao Ji isn't beer. It's tea.
Wang Lao Ji isn’t beer. It’s tea.
Wang Xiaoming speaks English, but doesn't have a lot of English books.
Wang and Li get along well.
Wang, what year were you born?
Wanker!
Wanker.
Wanna become an astronaut?
Wanna bet?
Wanna come over to my place for pancakes?
Wanna crash at my place?
Wanna cuddle?
Wanna fuck?
Wanna get drunk?
Wanna go somewhere?
Wanna go to a movie tomorrow night?
Wanna go upstairs and have a drink?
Wanna go?
Wanna hang out tonight?
Wanna have a smoke before we go?
Wanna hear something funny?
Wanna kiss?
Wanna make a bet?
Wanna make somethin' of it?
Wanna make something of it?
Wanna play again?
Wanna see something funny?
Wanna shoot some pool?
Wanna smoke a cig?
Wanna smoke a cigarette?
Wanna smoke a joint?
Wanna try the hot tub?
Wanna watch Netflix and chill?
Want a cup of tea?
Want a drink?
Want a molasses cookie?
Want a peanut butter cookie?
Want a ride?
Want a shish kebab?
Want a sip?
Want a treat?
Want a waffle?
Want an apple?
Want another beer?
Want fries with that?
Want is the mother of industry.
Want it?
Want me to accompany you, young man?
Want me to give you a chapati?
Want me to go with you?
Want me to leave the light on?
Want me to open the door for you?
Want me to show you a really useful hidden command?
Want me to show you my collection?
Want my advice? Never mess with an Algerian.
Want of sleep injures our health.
Want of wit is worse than want of gear.
Want one?
Want some candy?
Want some chicken?
Want some fish?
Want some mutton?
Want some pizza?
Want some potatoes?
Want some sun-dried strawberries?
Want some whipped cream with that?
Want to be my friend?
Want to bet?
Want to check out the oubliette?
Want to come over and destroy my root chakra?
Want to come over to my place for pancakes?
Want to come over?
Want to come to the book sale with me?
Want to come up and see my etchings?
Want to come with me to the grocery store?
Want to come with me to the thrift shop?
Want to come with us and try?
Want to do something boring?
Want to do something fun?
Want to drink something?
Want to explore the great outdoors together? Camping trip it is!
Want to get some bubble tea?
Want to go camping?
Want to go for a ride?
Want to go grab a bite to eat?
Want to go horseback riding?
Want to go out!
Want to go to Macca's this arvo?
Want to go to Maccas this arvo?
Want to go to the pizza place?
Want to grab a coffee some time?
Want to grab a cup of coffee?
Want to grab a drink on the way home?
Want to grab brekkie at Macca's?
Want to hang out today?
Want to hear a joke?
Want to hear something funny?
Want to hear the most annoying sound ever?
Want to hear the second story?
Want to help make Common Voice even better?
Want to join me for a camping adventure, buddy?
Want to know?
Want to learn American Sign Language with me?
Want to leave at the last minute?
Want to play a game?
Want to play checkers?
Want to play racketball?
Want to play tit for tat ?
Want to see a magic trick?
Want to see a movie?
Want to sell the parrot?
Want to split a pizza?
Want to swap places?
Want to tag along?
Want to take a walk in the cool air tonight?
Want to tell me what the fuck this is?
Want to watch something on YouTube?
Want to watch the musical episode again?
Want your food without delays? Use the might of microwaves.
Wanting things makes us happier than actually having them.
Wanting to become a wiseman by oneself is completely insane.
Wanting to build a snowman, the children eagerly awaited the first snow.
Wanting to improve your expressiveness, but not wanting to express it is a contradiction from the beginning.
Wanting to learn Japanese doesn't automatically make you a weeaboo.
Wanting to protect me from myself is about as ingenious as saving a fish from drowning.
Wanting to want is a strange thing.
War - never again!
War affects us all.
War against Iraq has uprooted millions of people.
War always brings misfortune.
War always brings pain and suffering.
War always brings tragedy.
War always brings tragic consequences.
War always has tragic consequences.
War and Peace is a novel known the world over.
War and Peace is one of the greatest books of all time.
War and Peace is one of the longest novels ever written.
War and peace start in the human heart.
War arouses the animal in man.
War bankrupted the nation's resources and manpower.
War bankrupted the nation’s resources and manpower.
War began five years later.
War breaks out when nations try to form their own empires.
War broke out again in Western Sahara in November 2020.
War broke out in 1939.
War broke out in 1941.
War broke out when the treaty was ignored.
War broke out.
War can't make anyone great.
War caused a drastic decline in the male population.
War causes terrible miseries.
War changes people completely.
War compelled soldiers to go to the front.
War concerns us all.
War creates uncertainty.
War crimes have been committed.
War crimes should trigger sanctions as a punitive measure.
War criminals like Bush and Rumsfeld were thinking about their place in the history books fifty years from 2001.
War criminals must face justice for their actions.
War criminals should be tried in fair and impartial courts.
War criminals should not benefit from amnesty or impunity.
War dehumanizes people.
War devastated the city.
War does not determine who is right â€” only who is left.
War does not determine who is right — only who is left.
War doesn't bring peace; on the contrary, it brings pains and grief on both sides.
War doesn't make anybody happy.
War doesn't pay.
War doesn’t make anybody happy.
War harms children.
War has already broken out.
War has become a big business for Washington's neocons.
War has produced famine throughout history.
War has returned to Europe.
War has taken away our happiness and replaced it with horror.
War is a big business.
War is a business. It's no wonder there has never been peace.
War is a continuation of politics.
War is a crime against humanity.
War is a disgusting relic of humanity's bestial past.
War is a loathsome business.
War is a racket.
War is a racket. It is the only one international in scope. It is the only one in which the profits are reckoned in dollars and the losses in lives.
War is a strategic fight between two or more entities, such as countries, nations, etc.
War is a terrible thing.
War is accompanied by poverty and misery.
War is accompanied by wretchedness and sorrow.
War is an absolute evil.
War is bad for children.
War is bad.
War is beautiful.
War is complicated.
War is costly.
War is cruel and that is why sensible governments do everything they can to prevent it.
War is depriving them of their happiness.
War is destruction of human life.
War is eternal.
War is everywhere.
War is evil.
War is full of horrors.
War is fun.
War is good.
War is hell.
War is like a raging fire.
War is mankind's most tragic and stupid folly; to seek or advise its deliberate provocation is a black crime against all men.
War is never worth its cost in innocent lives.
War is not 'the best way of settling differences; it is the only way of preventing their being settled for you.
War is not a game.
War is not a natural disaster like an earthquake or a tsunami. It does not come without warning.
War is not an adventure. War is an illness. Like typhus.
War is not inevitable.
War is not worth it.
War is not ’the best way of settling differences; it is the only way of preventing their being settled for you.
War is on the verge of breaking out.
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.
War is peace. Surveillance is liberty. Ignorance is strength.
War is show business.
War is simple.
War is simple: it's driving a piece of iron through a piece of flesh.
War is sweet to those who haven't experienced it.
War is the cause of many evils.
War is the continuation of politics by other means.
War is the father of all.
War is the highest form of struggle for resolving contradictions, when they have developed to a certain stage, between classes, nations, states, or political groups, and it has existed ever since the emergence of private property and of classes.
War is the poison of the world.
War is too serious a thing to entrust to the military.
War is unavoidable.
War is useful.
War is valuable.
War is very bad.
War is very lucrative.
War is very profitable for the neocons. A war in Ukraine and against Russia can only be a great opportunity for business to them.
War is very profitable.
War is war.
War is where the young and stupid are tricked by the old and bitter into killing each other.
War is, at first, the hope that one will be better off; next, the expectation that the other fellow will be worse off; then, the satisfaction that the other fellow isn't any better off; and, finally, the surprise at everyone's being worse off.
War isn't good.
War isn't something to be done lightly, also changing the constitution isn't something that should be done because "I just really want to go to war".
War isn't worth it.
War isn’t something to be done lightly, also changing the constitution isn’t something that should be done because "I just really want to go to war".
War leads to intolerance; intolerance leads to war.
War maims people, not only physically but also mentally.
War makes you poorer and weaker, even if you win.
War may break out at any moment.
War may sometimes be a necessary evil. But no matter how necessary, it is always an evil, never a good. We will not learn how to live together in peace by killing each other's children.
War must be avoided at all costs.
War necessarily causes unhappiness.
War never changes.
War results only in senseless and violent destruction.
War seemed a long way off.
War seemed imminent.
War seems imminent.
War should be avoided at all costs.
War soon broke out again.
War starts when diplomacy has failed.
War suddenly broke out.
War tore families apart for years.
War was giving way to peace.
War was never a means to peace.
War will always exist, until man finally knows himself.
War will not bring lasting peace.
War won't solve these problems.
War's not pretty.
War, disease, and famine continue to ravage the poverty-stricken country, despite the decades-long international effort to ameliorate the situation.
Warays calls "Cebuano" speaking locals as "Kana".
Warblers are birds that arrive in autumn, during the plowing. Our friend said this. He added: there are all kinds.
Warda looks like a witch.
Warm and comfortable apparel is necessary for winter outings.
Warm and hot drinks are more wanted in the winter.
Warm and humid weather increases the number of crimes.
Warm beer is minging.
Warm greetings!
Warm human relations were fostered.
Warm it up.
Warm me up.
Warm milk is associated with good sleep in children.
Warm milk will relax your diaphragm and make your hiccups stop.
Warm my body with yours.
Warm regards.
Warm sunlight lay upon the hacienda called Casa Grande.
Warm this morning, isn't it?
Warm this morning, isn’t it?
Warm up before you start exercising.
Warm up some water for us.
Warm up some water.
Warm up using the stove.
Warm weather favored our picnic.
Warm wishes.
Warm yourself by the fire.
Warm yourself while the fire burns.
Warm yourselves by the fire.
Warm-season maximum and minimum air temperatures were close to normal (±2°F), except in June and July, which were warmer than normal.
Warmer waters harm coral reefs and alter the distribution, abundance, and productivity of many marine species.
Warmer waters supercharge some marine life's reproduction rates, putting other species' very survival at risk.
Warmest Easter wishes for you.
Warming waters have reduced the harvest of Alaska's prized Copper River salmon to just a small fraction of last year's harvest.
Warmth is good for my pain.
Warn Tom about Mary.
Warn Tom not to agree to do that.
Warn Tom not to do it.
Warn Tom not to do that again.
Warn Tom not to do that anymore.
Warn Tom not to do that today.
Warn Tom not to do that.
Warn Tom not to park his car near the river.
Warn Tom that Mary is looking for him.
Warn Tom.
Warn everyone.
Warn her.
Warn him.
Warn me never to go there again.
Warn them!
Warn your friends.
Warning me “It really is completely filled with trash”, I opened the door. What lied behind was nothing less than a whole other world.
Warning! 24 hour CCTV recording and monitoring.
Warning! Contains Asbestos.
Warning! It's very spicy.
Warning! Protect your food from seagulls!
Warning! Risk of suffocation. To avoid danger don't keep it near babies.
Warning, do not panic. Power will be restored in a few minutes.
Warning, no obscenity.
Warning, the guy in front of you is a certified nutter!
Warning: Chilean Spanish may sound weird in any other place.
Warning: This feature is experimental.
Warning: fragile.
Warning: the lifeforms in this universe are surrounded by 10% dandruff. Would you like to set up a new one?
Warning: unsupported characters are displayed using the '_' character.
Warning: unsupported characters are displayed using the ’_’ character.
Warren Buffett complained that he has a lower tax rate than his secretary.
Warren Harding had owned a newspaper in Ohio.
Warren Harding was an honest man.
Warren Harding won the election.
Warriors fight.
Warriors never complain!
Warriors only rest when they have won the victory. You have still another battle to fight, and it is the hardest of all.
Wars and ethnic conflicts around the world are being recognized this year as the main cause of sexual and gender-based violence.
Wars are not won by evacuations.
Wars are the game of Satan and soldiers are the servants of Satan.
Wars arose and became a regular occurrence after the split of society into hostile classes and the formation of exploitative states.
Wars attract considerable attention.
Wars bring scars.
Wars come and go, but soldiers stay eternal.
Wars don't simply start like winter starts, but rather it is people that start a war.
Wars don’t simply start like winter starts, but rather it is people that start a war.
Wars have rules.
Wars should end with peace.
Wars, conflict, it's all business. One murder makes a villain. Millions a hero. Numbers sanctify, my good fellow.
Warsaw is Poland's capital.
Warsaw is beautiful at this time of year.
Warsaw is the capital of Poland.
Warthogs can be extremely aggressive.
Warts are ugly but harmless.
Was Adam created nonbinary?
Was Alaska even a state when he was born?
Was Algeria a communist country?
Was Assange tortured in the UK?
Was Australia the first country annexed by Hitler?
Was Barbara Bush a man?
Was Boston fun?
Was Bouteflika a lousy manager?
Was Bouteflika a repressive leader?
Was Charles Manson a victim of cancel culture, too?
Was Christianity invented by the Flavian imperial family to pacify Judean rebels?
Was Claudio lying?
Was Dan callously murdered like Linda?
Was Darwin right?
Was Fadil really surprised or was he just faking?
Was Fadil telling the truth or was he hiding something more sinister?
Was I about to die?
Was I any help?
Was I asleep for long?
Was I clear about the rules?
Was I invited, too?
Was I making too much noise?
Was I mentioned in the article?
Was I misunderstood?
Was I not supposed to be doing that?
Was I not supposed to do that?
Was I not supposed to eat yet?
Was I not supposed to give Tom that?
Was I not supposed to give that to Tom?
Was I not supposed to tell Tom that?
Was I not supposed to tell Tom?
Was I not understood?
Was I polite enough?
Was I really boring?
Was I really talking too loud?
Was I really that busy?
Was I really that happy?
Was I right?
Was I seen leaving?
Was I snoring?
Was I speeding, officer?
Was I supposed to buy something for you on my way home?
Was I supposed to do it?
Was I supposed to do that?
Was I supposed to ignore Tom?
Was I supposed to ignore her?
Was I supposed to ignore him?
Was I supposed to ignore them?
Was I supposed to just ignore it?
Was I supposed to kiss Tom?
Was I supposed to know that?
Was I supposed to laugh?
Was I supposed to lie to you?
Was I supposed to remember that?
Was I supposed to sing?
Was I talking to you?
Was I talking too loud?
Was I the one who taught you that?
Was I the one who told you that?
Was I the only one who saw that light there?
Was I too brutal?
Was I too curious?
Was I too drunk?
Was I too greedy?
Was I too impatient?
Was I too late?
Was I too loud?
Was I too picky?
Was I wrong?
Was James going to kiss Amanda?
Was Jerusalem builded here?
Was Jerusalem built here?
Was Jesus black?
Was Jesus the son of God?
Was Joe with you yesterday evening?
Was John Brown a terrorist or a freedom fighter?
Was John Lennon a communist?
Was Julian wrong?
Was Karl Marx a communist?
Was Ken at home yesterday?
Was King James I of England really gay?
Was Layla with Sami?
Was Layla your girlfriend?
Was Lee Harvey Oswald really a patsy?
Was Machiavelli really that Machiavellian?
Was Marika dressed like a Japanese?
Was Mars a habitable planet millions of years ago?
Was Martha jealous of Rima's appearance?
Was Marx really a Satanist?
Was Mary able to do that by herself?
Was Mary at school today?
Was Mary one of your girlfriends?
Was Mary really able to do that by herself?
Was Mary really surprised or was she just pretending to be?
Was Mary wearing a cape?
Was Mary with Tom when you saw her?
Was Matthew making eye contact?
Was Midori skiing in Hokkaido at that time?
Was Midori skiing in Hokkaido then?
Was Mother Teresa a good woman?
Was Mozart born in Australia?
Was Mr. Jackson strict?
Was Mr. Jackson your teacher last year?
Was Ms. Kato your teacher last year?
Was Nazism peculiar to Germany?
Was Passing Breeze the default theme tune to the arcade game Out Run?
Was Rima right?
Was Rima wrong?
Was Sami married to Layla?
Was Sami really capable of cold-blooded murder?
Was Tom Canadian?
Was Tom OK with it?
Was Tom OK with that decision?
Was Tom OK with that?
Was Tom a drinker?
Was Tom a drug addict?
Was Tom a friend of yours?
Was Tom a gambler?
Was Tom a good roommate?
Was Tom a good soldier?
Was Tom a junkie?
Was Tom a king or will he be?
Was Tom a nurse?
Was Tom a prisoner, too?
Was Tom a sailor?
Was Tom a soldier?
Was Tom a teacher?
Was Tom abandoned?
Was Tom able to accomplish his goals?
Was Tom able to accomplish what he set out to accomplish?
Was Tom able to catch the ball?
Was Tom able to do everything he wanted to do?
Was Tom able to do it?
Was Tom able to do that by himself?
Was Tom able to do that well?
Was Tom able to do that without any help?
Was Tom able to do that?
Was Tom able to escape?
Was Tom able to figure that out?
Was Tom able to fill out the application without any help?
Was Tom able to find Mary?
Was Tom able to find a job?
Was Tom able to find it?
Was Tom able to find what he was looking for?
Was Tom able to get your car fixed?
Was Tom able to help?
Was Tom absent from school yesterday?
Was Tom actually at the lecture?
Was Tom adopted by a single parent or a couple?
Was Tom afraid of you?
Was Tom afraid, too?
Was Tom afraid?
Was Tom aggressive?
Was Tom alert?
Was Tom allowed to buy it?
Was Tom alone in the backseat?
Was Tom alone there?
Was Tom alone?
Was Tom also screaming?
Was Tom amused?
Was Tom an addict?
Was Tom an officer?
Was Tom angry about that?
Was Tom angry?
Was Tom annoyed?
Was Tom any good?
Was Tom armed?
Was Tom asked to leave?
Was Tom asking for a raise?
Was Tom asleep?
Was Tom at home last night?
Was Tom at home yesterday?
Was Tom at home?
Was Tom at school today?
Was Tom at the funeral?
Was Tom at the party?
Was Tom at work today?
Was Tom at work yesterday?
Was Tom at your wedding?
Was Tom awake?
Was Tom aware of his mistake?
Was Tom aware of that?
Was Tom badly hurt?
Was Tom badly injured?
Was Tom bored?
Was Tom born here?
Was Tom born in Australia?
Was Tom born in Boston?
Was Tom busy when you went to see him?
Was Tom busy?
Was Tom carrying anything else?
Was Tom caught?
Was Tom coherent?
Was Tom conscious?
Was Tom consistent?
Was Tom cooperative?
Was Tom crying?
Was Tom dating anyone?
Was Tom delusional?
Was Tom depressed about anything?
Was Tom depressed?
Was Tom difficult?
Was Tom disappointed?
Was Tom doing what I think he was doing?
Was Tom dressed up?
Was Tom dressed?
Was Tom drinking last night?
Was Tom drinking on the job?
Was Tom drinking?
Was Tom driving really fast?
Was Tom driving that night?
Was Tom driving?
Was Tom drunk last night?
Was Tom drunk?
Was Tom dumped by Mary, or was she dumped by him?
Was Tom early?
Was Tom embarrassed?
Was Tom emotional?
Was Tom ever arrested?
Was Tom ever late?
Was Tom ever married?
Was Tom ever violent?
Was Tom expecting anybody?
Was Tom expecting you?
Was Tom faster than Mary?
Was Tom faster than you?
Was Tom feeling bad?
Was Tom fired?
Was Tom flirting with Mary?
Was Tom following Mary?
Was Tom following me?
Was Tom forced to do it?
Was Tom forced to do that?
Was Tom forced to it?
Was Tom found alone?
Was Tom found guilty?
Was Tom found innocent?
Was Tom funny?
Was Tom getting under your skin?
Was Tom glad to see you?
Was Tom going home?
Was Tom going somewhere?
Was Tom gone long?
Was Tom good at anything?
Was Tom good at basketball?
Was Tom good at his job?
Was Tom good to you?
Was Tom good?
Was Tom handcuffed?
Was Tom handsome?
Was Tom happy doing that?
Was Tom happy in Boston?
Was Tom happy yesterday?
Was Tom happy you gave Mary the job?
Was Tom happy?
Was Tom having a good time?
Was Tom having a problem with anyone?
Was Tom having money problems?
Was Tom helping you?
Was Tom here all day yesterday?
Was Tom here earlier?
Was Tom here last night?
Was Tom here on Monday?
Was Tom here that night?
Was Tom here today?
Was Tom here when it happened?
Was Tom here when we got here?
Was Tom here when you arrived?
Was Tom here when you got here?
Was Tom here yesterday?
Was Tom here?
Was Tom holding Mary's hand?
Was Tom homeschooled?
Was Tom hospitalized?
Was Tom hurt badly?
Was Tom hurt?
Was Tom impressed?
Was Tom in Australia at that time?
Was Tom in Australia last year?
Was Tom in Australia?
Was Tom in Boston at that time?
Was Tom in Boston last week?
Was Tom in Boston last year?
Was Tom in Boston yesterday?
Was Tom in Boston?
Was Tom in German class?
Was Tom in class today?
Was Tom in class?
Was Tom in his room?
Was Tom in history class today?
Was Tom in on it?
Was Tom in the accident?
Was Tom in the shower?
Was Tom in today?
Was Tom in your car when you crashed?
Was Tom in your team?
Was Tom injured?
Was Tom invited to Mary's birthday party?
Was Tom invited to the party?
Was Tom invited to your birthday party?
Was Tom invited?
Was Tom involved in it too?
Was Tom involved in that?
Was Tom involved in the murder of his ex?
Was Tom involved in this?
Was Tom involved in what happened today?
Was Tom involved, too?
Was Tom involved?
Was Tom joking?
Was Tom killed?
Was Tom kind to Mary?
Was Tom last?
Was Tom late for class?
Was Tom laughing at Mary?
Was Tom left behind?
Was Tom listening?
Was Tom looking at me?
Was Tom looking for me?
Was Tom lost?
Was Tom lying about his age?
Was Tom lying to Mary?
Was Tom lying?
Was Tom married long?
Was Tom mean to you?
Was Tom mugged?
Was Tom murdered?
Was Tom nice to you?
Was Tom not supposed to do that?
Was Tom not supposed to tell me that?
Was Tom offended?
Was Tom on drugs?
Was Tom on the right track?
Was Tom on the train that derailed?
Was Tom on your team?
Was Tom one of the Jackson 5?
Was Tom one of your boyfriends?
Was Tom placed with foster parents?
Was Tom pleased?
Was Tom poisoned?
Was Tom prepared?
Was Tom punished?
Was Tom reading a book or a newspaper?
Was Tom ready?
Was Tom really abducted by aliens?
Was Tom really able to do that by himself?
Was Tom really able to do that in under three hours?
Was Tom really able to do that without any help?
Was Tom really able to do that?
Was Tom really able to eat everything on his plate?
Was Tom really able to win?
Was Tom really alone?
Was Tom really boring?
Was Tom really her lover?
Was Tom really here?
Was Tom really mad?
Was Tom really surprised or was he just pretending to be?
Was Tom really telling the truth about how that happened?
Was Tom really the one who did that?
Was Tom really with Mary?
Was Tom rescued?
Was Tom right?
Was Tom sacked?
Was Tom satisfied?
Was Tom saved?
Was Tom screaming, too?
Was Tom seen?
Was Tom serious?
Was Tom seriously hurt?
Was Tom shot?
Was Tom showing off?
Was Tom sick too?
Was Tom sick?
Was Tom sleeping?
Was Tom speaking French or English?
Was Tom speaking in French?
Was Tom still married to Mary then?
Was Tom still sleeping when you entered the room?
Was Tom still sleeping when you left this morning?
Was Tom still there?
Was Tom studying?
Was Tom supportive?
Was Tom supposed to be at this morning's meeting?
Was Tom supposed to do that?
Was Tom supposed to win?
Was Tom surprised to see Mary?
Was Tom surprised to see you?
Was Tom surprised?
Was Tom swimming with Mary?
Was Tom talking about Mary?
Was Tom talking with Mary?
Was Tom taller than you thought?
Was Tom telling the truth when he told us that?
Was Tom telling the truth?
Was Tom the first one here?
Was Tom the guy who did that?
Was Tom the one that asked Mary to do that?
Was Tom the one who asked Mary to do that?
Was Tom the one who asked you to stop doing that?
Was Tom the one who baked this bread?
Was Tom the one who beat you up?
Was Tom the one who bought this?
Was Tom the one who broke the window?
Was Tom the one who broke this?
Was Tom the one who broke your heart?
Was Tom the one who brought this?
Was Tom the one who built this?
Was Tom the one who caused this problem?
Was Tom the one who closed the door?
Was Tom the one who did that?
Was Tom the one who did this?
Was Tom the one who fixed this?
Was Tom the one who gave you that ring?
Was Tom the one who gave you that?
Was Tom the one who gave you this squirt gun?
Was Tom the one who helped you do this?
Was Tom the one who hung up the laundry?
Was Tom the one who let you in?
Was Tom the one who made this?
Was Tom the one who painted this?
Was Tom the one who showed Mary how to do that?
Was Tom the one who showed you how to do that?
Was Tom the one who shut the door?
Was Tom the one who started the fight?
Was Tom the one who suggested that you do that?
Was Tom the one who suggested this?
Was Tom the one who suggested you do that?
Was Tom the one who taught you how to dance?
Was Tom the one who taught you how to do that?
Was Tom the one who taught you how to drive?
Was Tom the one who taught you how to ski?
Was Tom the one who told Mary how to do that?
Was Tom the one who told you I was here?
Was Tom the one who told you I wasn't coming?
Was Tom the one who told you about it?
Was Tom the one who told you about that?
Was Tom the one who told you about this?
Was Tom the one who told you not to do that?
Was Tom the one who told you that I wasn't coming?
Was Tom the one who told you that you didn't have to do that?
Was Tom the one who told you that you didn't need to do that?
Was Tom the one who told you that you had to do that?
Was Tom the one who told you that you needed to do that?
Was Tom the one who told you that you ought to do that?
Was Tom the one who told you that you should do that?
Was Tom the one who told you that you shouldn't do that?
Was Tom the one who told you that?
Was Tom the one who told you this?
Was Tom the one who told you to do that?
Was Tom the one who told you what happened?
Was Tom the one who told you what needed to be done?
Was Tom the one who told you what time the meeting would start?
Was Tom the one who told you what to buy?
Was Tom the one who told you what to do?
Was Tom the one who told you what you should do?
Was Tom the one who told you where I lived?
Was Tom the one who told you where to park?
Was Tom the one who told you who to give that to?
Was Tom the one who told you you had to do that?
Was Tom the one who told you you needed to do that?
Was Tom the one who told you you shouldn't do that?
Was Tom the one who took this picture?
Was Tom the one who translated this?
Was Tom the one who was injured?
Was Tom the one who washed the car?
Was Tom the one who wrote that?
Was Tom the one who wrote this?
Was Tom the one you did that for?
Was Tom there last night?
Was Tom there long?
Was Tom there too?
Was Tom there until the end?
Was Tom there when it happened?
Was Tom there with you too?
Was Tom there with you?
Was Tom there, too?
Was Tom there?
Was Tom tired yesterday afternoon?
Was Tom told the truth?
Was Tom upset, too?
Was Tom upset?
Was Tom very angry?
Was Tom very busy?
Was Tom waiting for you?
Was Tom warned?
Was Tom watching TV last night?
Was Tom wearing a hat?
Was Tom wearing a helmet?
Was Tom wearing a jacket?
Was Tom wearing a scarf?
Was Tom wearing a seat belt?
Was Tom wearing a wire?
Was Tom wearing cologne?
Was Tom wearing gloves?
Was Tom with Mary all afternoon?
Was Tom with Mary when you saw him?
Was Tom with Mary yesterday?
Was Tom with Mary?
Was Tom with anyone at the time?
Was Tom with his wife or alone?
Was Tom with them?
Was Tom with you?
Was Tom working alone?
Was Tom working with Mary?
Was Tom working yesterday?
Was Tom working?
Was Tom worried about his grades?
Was Tom wrong?
Was Tom's help useful?
Was Tom's room clean or dirty?
Was Tom's room clean?
Was Tom's story true?
Was Tom's suggestion a good one?
Was Venus, a desert planet with thick clouds of sulfuric acid, foretelling the future of Earth?
Was Wallace Fard Muhammad born in India?
Was Wallace Fard Muhammad, the founder of the Nation of Islam, a migrant that originally came from India?
Was Yanni acting alone?
Was Yanni driving?
Was Yanni seeing anyone?
Was Yanni's suicide attempt a cry for help?
Was Ziri a cooperative child?
Was Ziri a well-behaved child?
Was Ziri conscious?
Was Ziri nuts?
Was Ziri on the flight to protect Rima?
Was Ziri playing a joke on Rima?
Was Ziri right?
Was Ziri wrong?
Was all of that milk drunk?
Was all of that true?
Was anybody among your relatives ill with cancer?
Was anybody at home?
Was anybody else absent?
Was anybody else hurt?
Was anybody else there?
Was anybody here while I was out?
Was anybody hurt?
Was anybody in there?
Was anybody injured?
Was anybody killed?
Was anybody listening?
Was anybody surprised?
Was anybody with you?
Was anyone arrested?
Was anyone at home?
Was anyone else hurt?
Was anyone else injured?
Was anyone hurt in the train crash?
Was anyone hurt?
Was anyone in that room?
Was anyone in the bar?
Was anyone in the car injured?
Was anyone in the next room?
Was anyone in the room wearing red?
Was anyone in the room with Tom?
Was anyone in the room?
Was anyone injured inside the car?
Was anyone injured other than Tom?
Was anyone injured?
Was anyone listening?
Was anyone really ready for Tom?
Was anyone really surprised?
Was anyone surprised when you told them you were getting married?
Was anyone surprised?
Was anything different this time?
Was everybody listening?
Was everyone listening?
Was everything Tom said true?
Was everything all right?
Was everything satisfactory?
Was everything that happened between us a lie?
Was everything you just said true?
Was he French?
Was he Tom?
Was he a paratrooper?
Was he a tiger in bed?
Was he able to do it by himself?
Was he able to help?
Was he able to prove his alibi?
Was he always like this?
Was he at home yesterday?
Was he at your school?
Was he aware of it?
Was he confused?
Was he holding your hand?
Was he home alone?
Was he in Hokkaido last year?
Was he in New York yesterday?
Was he in Paris?
Was he in poverty? on the contrary, he was rich.
Was he in the army?
Was he in the car or by the car?
Was he in the house all week "
Was he in the special forces?
Was he interested in it?
Was he kicked out?
Was he lying on his back?
Was he perfect?
Was he playing ball?
Was he quick with the sail?
Was he really attached to his father? Yes. After his death, he sank into a deep depression.
Was he really boring?
Was he really that bad?
Was he right?
Was he sacked?
Was he shopping?
Was he still here when you arrived?
Was he there?
Was he transferred to prison this quickly?
Was he wrong?
Was he, in fact, guilty of wrongdoing?
Was her own family the prototype for the family in the novel?
Was her story true?
Was her uncle staying in London?
Was his name Tom or John?
Was his story true?
Was it 2:30 that we were to meet at?
Was it French?
Was it Jack that broke the window?
Was it Leibniz or Newton who first formulated the theory of calculus?
Was it Mr Yamada that came to see me during my absence yesterday?
Was it Mr. Yamada that came to see me yesterday while I was out?
Was it Tom that told you I'd come?
Was it Tom that told you that I'd come?
Was it Tom who ate my sandwich?
Was it Tom who beat you up?
Was it Tom who burned Kabylia?
Was it Tom who did it?
Was it Tom who did that, or was it Mary?
Was it Tom who did that?
Was it Tom who did this?
Was it Tom who gave you this message?
Was it Tom who left the door open?
Was it Tom who put them there?
Was it Tom who put this here?
Was it Tom who sent you to help me?
Was it Tom who started the fight?
Was it Tom who taught you how to dance?
Was it Tom who taught you to dance?
Was it Tom who told you I wasn't coming?
Was it Tom who told you I wouldn't be coming?
Was it Tom who told you I wouldn't be here?
Was it Tom who told you I wouldn't come?
Was it Tom who told you I'd come?
Was it Tom who told you about this?
Was it Tom who told you that I wouldn't be here?
Was it Tom who told you that I wouldn't come?
Was it Tom who told you that I'd come?
Was it Tom who told you that?
Was it Tom who told you to call the police?
Was it Tom who told you what to do?
Was it Tom who told you?
Was it Tom who washed the car?
Was it Tom's fault?
Was it Tom's voice?
Was it Tom, or someone else?
Was it Tom?
Was it a bike of bees?
Was it a biological weapon?
Was it a car or a cat I saw?
Was it a dream or not?
Was it a dream?
Was it a full moon or a new moon?
Was it a good idea?
Was it a good party?
Was it a good time overall?
Was it a good trip?
Was it a good workout?
Was it a hallucination or a daydream?
Was it a hard decision?
Was it a hot poo?
Was it a joke?
Was it a lie when you said you loved me?
Was it a man or a woman?
Was it a mission that was supposed to be completed?
Was it a murder or a suicide?
Was it a nice trip?
Was it a picture of Skura?
Was it a pleasant trip?
Was it a robbery gone wrong?
Was it a robbery?
Was it a squirrel?
Was it a surprise to you?
Was it a surprise?
Was it a venomous snake?
Was it acceptable to you?
Was it actually murder or suicide?
Was it all a dream?
Was it all an illusion?
Was it all just a lie?
Was it all worth it?
Was it an accident?
Was it an animal or a person?
Was it an earthquake?
Was it an explosion?
Was it an honest mistake?
Was it an inside job?
Was it an interesting speech?
Was it announced beforehand?
Was it as good as you remember?
Was it at all like this?
Was it because of something I said?
Was it blue or green?
Was it broken?
Was it by accident or by design?
Was it cloudy in Boston yesterday?
Was it cloudy in Tokyo yesterday?
Was it cold in Boston yesterday?
Was it cold last night?
Was it cold yesterday?
Was it cold?
Was it complicated?
Was it difficult for you?
Was it difficult to do?
Was it difficult to make?
Was it easy for you to do that?
Was it easy for you to find a job in Australia?
Was it easy for you to find a job in Germany?
Was it easy for you to find a job?
Was it easy for you?
Was it edible?
Was it ever possible?
Was it foggy yesterday?
Was it fun doing that?
Was it fun to do that?
Was it fun?
Was it funny?
Was it gambling that brought about his bankruptcy?
Was it good?
Was it guilt by association?
Was it hard for you to do that?
Was it hard for you to find my house?
Was it hard for you to get in touch with Tom?
Was it hard for you?
Was it hardness, was it selfishness, that she should ask me to risk my life for her own glorification? Such thoughts may come to middle age, but never to ardent three-and-twenty in the fever of his first love.
Was it hot in Boston yesterday?
Was it hot yesterday?
Was it humid yesterday?
Was it important?
Was it in Boston that you grew up?
Was it in May that I was born?
Was it in October that your baby was born?
Was it interesting doing that?
Was it interesting?
Was it just a dream?
Was it just a game to you?
Was it just a misunderstanding?
Was it just me or was your friend a bit nervous?
Was it like last year?
Was it like this when you lived here?
Was it made in Switzerland?
Was it manufactured in Switzerland?
Was it me who said that?
Was it murder or suicide?
Was it my fault?
Was it my turn?
Was it necessary for us to do that?
Was it necessary that my uncle be informed?
Was it necessary to do that?
Was it necessary to inflict such a punishment on him?
Was it necessary?
Was it nice in the sauna?
Was it not for dung beetles, the world would be covered in poop.
Was it of help?
Was it only a dream?
Was it possible?
Was it raining in Boston?
Was it raining this morning when you got up?
Was it raining yesterday?
Was it rainy in Boston?
Was it rainy in London?
Was it really Gunter on the phone?
Was it really Tom who did that?
Was it really Tom who set that barn on fire?
Was it really Tom?
Was it really a gazelle?
Was it really all for nothing?
Was it really coming closer?
Was it really just a misunderstanding?
Was it really necessary for Tom to be here?
Was it really necessary for Tom to do that?
Was it really necessary for you to do that?
Was it really necessary that the film end that way?
Was it really necessary to change the front wing?
Was it really necessary to do that?
Was it really necessary?
Was it really that bad?
Was it really that good?
Was it really urgent?
Was it really worth it?
Was it scary for you to live in the United States?
Was it scary?
Was it serious?
Was it snowing this morning when you got up?
Was it snowing yesterday?
Was it so large as that?
Was it something I did?
Was it something I said?
Was it something special?
Was it something that I said?
Was it that bad?
Was it that immediate?
Was it that obvious?
Was it the egg or the chicken that came first?
Was it the mirror that broke or did you break it?
Was it the shirt I was wearing?
Was it the sound of a gunshot?
Was it thrilling?
Was it too hard?
Was it true that Donald had changed like Jessica said?
Was it true?
Was it useful?
Was it worth anything?
Was it worth it?
Was it worth the risk?
Was it written by you?
Was it yesterday that you did that?
Was it yesterday that you went?
Was it yesterday?
Was it you at the window?
Was it you that left the door open last night?
Was it you that wrote this note?
Was it you that wrote this?
Was it you who ate the last donut?
Was it you who broke the window?
Was it you who called the police?
Was it you who closed the door?
Was it you who did it?
Was it you who did that?
Was it you who did this?
Was it you who forgot to lock the door?
Was it you who opened the door?
Was it you who rang the door?
Was it you who rang the doorbell?
Was it you who shut the door?
Was it you who squealed to the teacher that I cheated?
Was it you who told Mary she didn't have to do that?
Was it you who told Mary she didn't need to do that?
Was it you who told Mary she doesn't have to do that?
Was it you who told Mary she had to do that?
Was it you who told Mary she has to do that?
Was it you who told Mary she needed to do that?
Was it you who told Mary she needs to do that?
Was it you who told Mary she ought to do that?
Was it you who told Mary she should do that?
Was it you who told Mary she shouldn't do that?
Was it you who told Mary she shouldn't leave early?
Was it you who told Mary she wouldn't be allowed to do that?
Was it you who told Mary she wouldn't be permitted to do that?
Was it you who told Tom about what happened?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they didn't have to do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they didn't need to do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they don't have to do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they had to do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they have to do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they need to do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they needed to do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they ought to do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they should do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they shouldn't leave early?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they wouldn't be allowed to do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they wouldn't be permitted to do that?
Was it you who told Tom he didn't have to do that?
Was it you who told Tom he didn't need to do that?
Was it you who told Tom he doesn't have to do that?
Was it you who told Tom he had to do that?
Was it you who told Tom he has to do that?
Was it you who told Tom he needed to do that?
Was it you who told Tom he needs to do that?
Was it you who told Tom he ought to do that?
Was it you who told Tom he should do that?
Was it you who told Tom he shouldn't do that?
Was it you who told Tom he shouldn't leave early?
Was it you who told Tom he wouldn't be allowed to do that?
Was it you who told Tom he wouldn't be permitted to do that?
Was it you who told Tom not to do that?
Was it you who told Tom to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't have to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't need to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she doesn't have to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she had to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she has to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she needed to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she should do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Mary she wouldn't be allowed to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom about what happened?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they didn't have to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they didn't need to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they don't have to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they had to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they have to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they need to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they needed to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they ought to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they should do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they wouldn't be allowed to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he didn't have to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he didn't need to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he doesn't have to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he had to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he has to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he needed to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he needs to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he ought to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he should do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he shouldn't do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he wouldn't be allowed to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom not to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom to do that?
Was it you who was there?
Was it you, Tom?
Was it your decision?
Was it your favorite?
Was it your idea to postpone the meeting?
Was it your idea?
Was last October this bad?
Was last month November?
Was last year a good one for you?
Was last year this bad?
Was learning Berber a waste of time?
Was my best friend Ukrainian?
Was my friend British?
Was my letter sent?
Was my phone ringing?
Was my sentence incorrect? Or inelegant? Or both? Or neither one nor the other?
Was my software updated?
Was no one curious?
Was nothing done about that?
Was our professor in Germany?
Was she French?
Was she able to write a report?
Was she always that fat?
Was she at home yesterday?
Was she dishonest with you?
Was she following me?
Was she in the reception area?
Was she playing tennis yesterday morning?
Was she pretty?
Was she really boring?
Was she right?
Was she seen?
Was she shopping?
Was she the one who called you yesterday?
Was she there?
Was she working yesterday?
Was she wrong?
Was somebody living here?
Was somebody missing today?
Was someone giving away free pizza?
Was someone helping you?
Was someone in that room?
Was someone living in Gabor's house?
Was someone playing a prank on me?
Was that Baya?
Was that French you were just speaking?
Was that Mary's actual voice or did she lip sync the song?
Was that Mennad's final answer?
Was that Mennad?
Was that Tom I saw you with last night?
Was that Tom on the phone?
Was that Tom out there?
Was that Tom who just drove by?
Was that Tom who just said hello to us?
Was that Tom who was playing the organ at church last Sunday?
Was that Tom you were just talking to?
Was that Tom you were talking to?
Was that Tom's computer?
Was that Tom's fault?
Was that Tom's idea?
Was that Tom?
Was that Ziri and Rima together?
Was that Ziri on the phone?
Was that a big moment for you?
Was that a coincidence, too?
Was that a coincidence?
Was that a compliment?
Was that a crime of opportunity?
Was that a dragon?
Was that a dumb question?
Was that a fair assessment?
Was that a fun thing to do?
Was that a good idea?
Was that a guess?
Was that a hint?
Was that a joke?
Was that a leprechaun?
Was that a lie?
Was that a mistake?
Was that a no?
Was that a prank?
Was that a smart move?
Was that a squirrel?
Was that a surprise to anybody?
Was that a surprise to anyone?
Was that a thinly-veiled threat?
Was that a yes or a no?
Was that a yes?
Was that actually what Tom said?
Was that all Tom said?
Was that all you said to Tom?
Was that all you said to her?
Was that all you said to him?
Was that all you said to them?
Was that all you saw?
Was that all you wanted to ask me?
Was that all you wanted to say to me?
Was that all you wanted to tell me?
Was that an accident, too?
Was that an earthquake?
Was that an expensive suit?
Was that an insult?
Was that an invitation?
Was that announced beforehand?
Was that another joke?
Was that before or after I was born?
Was that book enjoyable?
Was that directed at me?
Was that doctor able to rid you of those pimples?
Was that easy to do?
Was that expensive?
Was that for me?
Was that fun to do?
Was that good news or bad news?
Was that good news?
Was that good or bad?
Was that guy Tom?
Was that guy home alone?
Was that guy trying to rape you?
Was that hard to do?
Was that helpful?
Was that him?
Was that how it happened?
Was that immediately apparent?
Was that inexpensive?
Was that information necessary?
Was that information needed?
Was that intended as a joke?
Was that intended as an insult?
Was that intentional?
Was that just an earthquake?
Was that just my imagination?
Was that made in Switzerland?
Was that man harassing you?
Was that meant as a joke?
Was that meant in jest?
Was that my phone ringing?
Was that necessary?
Was that not a stolen vehicle?
Was that not clear?
Was that on the list?
Was that part of the plan?
Was that part of the problem?
Was that part of your plan?
Was that question rhetorical?
Was that really a problem?
Was that really an accident?
Was that really gluten free?
Was that really in the book? I must have skipped a page.
Was that really necessary?
Was that really something that we had to do?
Was that really something we had to do?
Was that really worth it?
Was that really your fault?
Was that really your first time?
Was that recently?
Was that report accurate?
Was that right?
Was that so bad?
Was that so hard?
Was that supposed to be a compliment?
Was that supposed to be a joke?
Was that supposed to be a threat?
Was that supposed to be fun?
Was that supposed to be interesting?
Was that supposed to happen?
Was that supposed to impress us?
Was that supposed to scare me?
Was that the first time Tom kissed Mary?
Was that the first time that Tom kissed Mary?
Was that the first time that you rode a horse?
Was that the first time that you were arrested?
Was that the first time you rode a horse?
Was that the first time you were arrested?
Was that the girl who asked you to take a photo of her?
Was that the girl who talked to you?
Was that the girl who was looking at you?
Was that the only time?
Was that the problem?
Was that the right call?
Was that the right thing to do?
Was that the sign?
Was that today or yesterday?
Was that too complicated?
Was that too difficult?
Was that too easy?
Was that too hard?
Was that too much?
Was that true?
Was that truly necessary?
Was that useful to you?
Was that useful?
Was that weird for you?
Was that what Tom said?
Was that what you said?
Was that what you wanted to happen?
Was that what you wanted?
Was that what you were afraid of?
Was that what you were expecting Tom to do?
Was that what you were expecting to happen?
Was that what you were expecting?
Was that why Tom killed herself?
Was that word appropriate in that situation?
Was that wrong?
Was that yesterday or the day before?
Was that you I heard singing in the shower?
Was that you I saw with Tom near the river?
Was that you I saw with her near the river?
Was that you I saw with him near the river?
Was that you at the door?
Was that you in the car?
Was that you on TV last night?
Was that you who called late last night?
Was that you who coughed?
Was that you who told him the secret?
Was that you yelling for help?
Was that your boss?
Was that your boyfriend?
Was that your decision?
Was that your girlfriend?
Was that your idea?
Was that your intention?
Was that your manager?
Was that your plan?
Was that your question?
Was the FBI involved?
Was the French test difficult?
Was the Missouri Compromise legal?
Was the Pope’s tomb ever opened?
Was the Roman army ever defeated?
Was the Tatoeba site created by a Japanese guy?
Was the Tatoeba site started by a Japanese person?
Was the auditorium crowded?
Was the baby crying then?
Was the bank closed?
Was the bath hot enough for you?
Was the bath water hot enough for you?
Was the book interesting?
Was the book that you were reading yesterday in French or in English?
Was the book that you were reading yesterday in French?
Was the book you were reading yesterday in French or English?
Was the book you were reading yesterday in French?
Was the brandy poisoned?
Was the brandy satisfactory?
Was the bus crowded?
Was the car horizontal?
Was the car parked crooked?
Was the car stolen?
Was the car washed by your father?
Was the case very complicated?
Was the cave found by the boys?
Was the cliffhanger a downer or did it whet your appetite for more?
Was the collapse of the Soviet Union a good or a bad thing?
Was the concert well attended?
Was the concussion serious?
Was the culprit found?
Was the doctor here today?
Was the door closed?
Was the door locked?
Was the door open?
Was the door shut?
Was the fight fixed up?
Was the film good?
Was the film interesting?
Was the film you saw yesterday interesting?
Was the food at that restaurant good?
Was the gate wide open or just ajar?
Was the girl still sleeping?
Was the government watching Felix?
Was the gym open Wednesday?
Was the gym open on Wednesday?
Was the high school you went to big?
Was the hypothesis confirmed?
Was the kitchen remodeled?
Was the lemonade bad?
Was the meal good?
Was the message delivered?
Was the message from you?
Was the mirror broken or did you break it?
Was the money I gave you enough?
Was the money actually paid?
Was the movie better than the book?
Was the movie good?
Was the movie interesting?
Was the movie you saw yesterday interesting?
Was the new version easy to install?
Was the notebook blue?
Was the operation an outpatient procedure?
Was the park crowded?
Was the party fun?
Was the pizza delicious?
Was the pizza good?
Was the play interesting?
Was the president in favor of the plan?
Was the restaurant busy?
Was the result surprising?
Was the reunification of Yemen the result of a rushed plan?
Was the school you went to big?
Was the shirt he bought expensive?
Was the soup tasty?
Was the teacher young?
Was the test difficult?
Was the theater crowded?
Was the train crowded?
Was the train going too fast?
Was the trip interesting?
Was the umbrella that you found Tom's?
Was the umbrella you found Tom's?
Was the victim male or female?
Was the voice you heard a man's or a woman's?
Was the wallet you found Tom's?
Was the water very hot?
Was the weather nice?
Was the window closed?
Was the work done by him alone?
Was the year of the Jubilee held once in every forty-nine years or once in every fifty?
Was their mother watching the girls?
Was there a bar here?
Was there a book lying on the desk?
Was there a book on the desk a moment ago?
Was there a book on the desk?
Was there a connection?
Was there a fight?
Was there a fire?
Was there a lot of traffic?
Was there a malfunction?
Was there a note?
Was there a power cut?
Was there a problem on the farm?
Was there a problem? Something with my father?
Was there a reason you set your alarm so early?
Was there a reason?
Was there a refund policy?
Was there a scandal?
Was there a storm?
Was there a time limit?
Was there a woman there?
Was there a woman with them?
Was there actually something I could say?
Was there an affair?
Was there an airstrike today?
Was there an assessment rubric?
Was there an autopsy?
Was there an earthquake?
Was there an investigation?
Was there an issue?
Was there any damage?
Was there any other option?
Was there any physical evidence?
Was there any post for me?
Was there any reaction from that country?
Was there anybody else besides Tom?
Was there anybody else besides you?
Was there anybody else in the bar?
Was there anybody else in the room?
Was there anybody in the car?
Was there anybody in the cave?
Was there anyone else around?
Was there anyone in that room?
Was there anyone in the lobby?
Was there anyone in the next room?
Was there anyone in the room?
Was there anything else in the box?
Was there anything else in the room?
Was there anything else you wanted me to do?
Was there anything else?
Was there anything in the room?
Was there anything on the news about the accident?
Was there anything wrong with the car?
Was there anything you liked?
Was there enough money?
Was there ever a chance?
Was there ever a choice?
Was there ever a wider or more loving conspiracy than that which keeps the venerable figure of Santa Claus from slipping away, with all the other oldtime myths, into the forsaken wonderland of the past?
Was there ever another option?
Was there ever any doubt?
Was there fresh bread in the box?
Was there money in your wallet?
Was there much damage?
Was there really a need to say that?
Was there shrinkage or is it normally that small?
Was there someone else in the room?
Was there someone else involved?
Was there someone in that room?
Was there someone in the room?
Was there something else you wanted?
Was there something in that punch?
Was there something that Tom wanted?
Was there something that surprised you?
Was there something that you wanted to say?
Was there something wrong with the car?
Was there something you wanted me to say?
Was there something you wanted to ask me?
Was there something you wanted to say to me?
Was there something you wanted to say?
Was there something you wanted to tell me?
Was there such a thing?
Was there too much information at once?
Was this Tom's plan all along?
Was this a colossal failure?
Was this a game changer?
Was this added by mistake?
Was this all just a coincidence?
Was this an accident or an assassination?
Was this an arranged marriage?
Was this basement thoroughly searched?
Was this book meant for me?
Was this car expensive?
Was this done by hand?
Was this ever a thing?
Was this ever tested for DNA?
Was this for me?
Was this house built 200 years ago? It seems so dilapidated.
Was this kiss consensual?
Was this letter written by Ken?
Was this letter written by Mary?
Was this made here?
Was this made in France?
Was this man an enemy of the church?
Was this man not a communist?
Was this man threatening you?
Was this part of the plan?
Was this really the only option?
Was this somebody else's idea?
Was this somebody else’s idea?
Was this something recent?
Was this successful in Algeria?
Was this supposed to be funny?
Was this supposed to happen?
Was this the first time?
Was this the man you saw?
Was this tragedy preventable?
Was this wall built to keep people out or to keep them in?
Was this your idea?
Was what Tom did a crime?
Was what Tom did predictable?
Was what Tom said true?
Was what Ziri was doing illegal?
Was what you said about Tom true?
Was yesterday a cold day?
Was yesterday a hot day?
Was yesterday a sunny day?
Was your Tom in the military?
Was your boyfriend jealous?
Was your breakfast this morning delicious?
Was your car stolen or not?
Was your dad a boxer? 'Cause you're a knockout!
Was your dad a thief? Because he stole all of the stars in the sky and put them in your eyes.
Was your dad in the military?
Was your difficulty in getting up back then also because you wanted to be chastized I wonder?
Was your dinner last night delicious?
Was your elementary school a large school?
Was your family killed in the Holocaust?
Was your family with you last month?
Was your father an only child?
Was your father born in Australia, too?
Was your father born in Boston, too?
Was your father reading a book last night?
Was your father right?
Was your father wearing a sweater last night?
Was your grandfather Canadian?
Was your grandfather a soldier?
Was your grandfather a spiritual person?
Was your high school a good school?
Was your high school a large school?
Was your high school a private school?
Was your high school a public school?
Was your high school coeducational?
Was your high school's baseball team a good team?
Was your high school's basketball team a good team?
Was your high school's volleyball team a good team?
Was your home expensive to build?
Was your junior high school far from your home?
Was your mock exam score this time within the pass range for your preferred school?
Was your mother an only child?
Was your mother busy last Monday?
Was your mother sick last week?
Was your mother working yesterday?
Was your mother's father also bald?
Was your name on the list of names I gave you before?
Was your name on the list of names that I gave you before?
Was your office involved?
Was your project approved?
Was your school in town?
Was your trip as much fun as you thought it would be?
Was your trip tiring?
Was your trip to Australia fun?
Was your wife there?
Wasabi is a pungent plant that is difficult to cultivate.
Wasabi is the most disgusting condiment I've ever tasted in my life.
Wasabi really brings out the flavor.
Waseda tied Keio in yesterday's game.
Waseda tied Keio in yesterday’s game.
Wash a spring onion and finely chop the white part.
Wash all the dishes.
Wash and peel the fruit.
Wash and scrub your hands with water and soap often, for at least twenty seconds.
Wash before first wearing.
Wash behind your ears.
Wash blood with blood.
Wash daily to maintain freshness.
Wash eggplants and cut their endings.
Wash everything!
Wash everything.
Wash his hands with soap.
Wash his wound with this antiseptic.
Wash it well.
Wash it with hot, soapy water.
Wash it.
Wash microfiber towels with emulsifiers.
Wash regularly to prevent unpleasant smells.
Wash that up.
Wash the apple before you eat it, Tom!
Wash the apple before you eat it.
Wash the aubergines and courgettes, and top and tail them.
Wash the aubergines and remove their ends.
Wash the aubergines and top and tail them.
Wash the car, it's dirty.
Wash the car.
Wash the chicory and remove the leaves which may spoil.
Wash the clothes.
Wash the dishes a little bit better.
Wash the dishes.
Wash the dog.
Wash the eggplants and cut off the ends.
Wash the fruit.
Wash the mirror.
Wash the pans in soap and water.
Wash the plates up.
Wash the pumpkin and cut it into quarters.
Wash the pumpkin and quarter it.
Wash the quince thoroughly.
Wash the quinces thoroughly.
Wash the serving dishes and platters well.
Wash the shirt in soapy water and the stains will come out.
Wash the spoons.
Wash the strawberries and remove their stalks.
Wash the towels immediately.
Wash the vegetables.
Wash the window.
Wash the windows.
Wash the wound with soap and water.
Wash the writing table.
Wash these dishes.
Wash these figs before you eat them.
Wash these towels separately.
Wash these towels with a simple detergent.
Wash this towel again.
Wash this towel preferably in hot water.
Wash this towel with light colors.
Wash this up.
Wash those figs before you eat them.
Wash thyself therefore and anoint thee, and put on thy best garments, and go down to the barnfloor: but let not the man see thee, till he shall have done eating and drinking.
Wash up!
Wash up.
Wash with hot, sudsy water.
Wash your ass crack with soap.
Wash your beard.
Wash your clothes before you pack for the trip.
Wash your clothes with normal detergent in 60 to 90 degrees.
Wash your dishes.
Wash your face and comb your hair and put on your gingham.
Wash your face and comb your hair.
Wash your face and hands.
Wash your face before you go to school.
Wash your face regularly.
Wash your face with warm water and soap.
Wash your face!
Wash your face.
Wash your feet.
Wash your feet; they smell like cheese.
Wash your hands after going to the bathroom.
Wash your hands after going to the toilet.
Wash your hands after using the restroom.
Wash your hands after you go to the restroom.
Wash your hands after you go to the toilet.
Wash your hands and face first.
Wash your hands and then eat.
Wash your hands before and after touching the guinea pig.
Wash your hands before and after touching the hamster, for hygiene.
Wash your hands before bedtime, honey. It's essential for a good night's sleep.
Wash your hands before each meal.
Wash your hands before eating.
Wash your hands before meals.
Wash your hands before sitting down at the dinner table.
Wash your hands before touching your face, it's important.
Wash your hands before you eat.
Wash your hands before you handle the food.
Wash your hands first, then eat.
Wash your hands first.
Wash your hands frequently.
Wash your hands in the bathroom!
Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least twenty seconds.
Wash your hands often with soap and water.
Wash your hands often!
Wash your hands often.
Wash your hands regularly.
Wash your hands right now.
Wash your hands thoroughly with soap and warm water immediately after touching a reptile or amphibian, or anything in the area where they live and roam.
Wash your hands to protect yourself and others.
Wash your hands to stay healthy.
Wash your hands well.
Wash your hands with a bar of soap.
Wash your hands with soap and warm water!
Wash your hands with soap and water.
Wash your hands with soap.
Wash your hands with warm water and soap.
Wash your hands with water and soap.
Wash your hands!
Wash your hands, please!
Wash your hands, please.
Wash your hands.
Wash your kitchen towels regularly.
Wash your kitchen towels with hot water to sanitize them.
Wash your legs.
Wash your mouth out.
Wash your neck.
Wash your pits.
Wash your plate!
Wash your plate, please.
Wash your plate.
Wash your teeth before sleeping!
Wash your towels at least once a week.
Wash your towels properly.
Wash your towels thoroughly.
Wash your towels with odor cleanse.
Wash your towels.
Wash yourself up!
Wash yourself!
Wash yourself.
Wash!
Washing clothes and sheets is my work.
Washing clothes by hand is difficult and time-consuming.
Washing clothes by hand is hard and time-consuming.
Washing clothes is my work.
Washing dishes is a good excuse to practice mindfulness.
Washing dishes is something I don't really enjoy doing.
Washing dishes is something that I don't really enjoy doing.
Washing faces cuts the risk of trachoma. And water to flush solid wastes keeps away flies that can spread the disease. Four years ago, only 14 percent of Ouarzazate residents had access to fresh water. Now, three-quarters do.
Washing hands is like a secret weapon, honey. Use it wisely and stay healthy.
Washing is my work.
Washing laundry by hand is hard and time-consuming.
Washing machines spare housewives a lot of trouble.
Washing the car took longer than we expected.
Washing your hands helps keep germs away.
Washing your hands regularly is a good way to prevent catching some diseases.
Washing your hands regularly is a good way to protect yourself from diseases.
Washing your hands with soap for at least 20 seconds is crucial, my love.
Washing your hands without soap is ineffective work.
Washing your towels this way reduces their absorbency.
Washington Aqueduct says much can happen as water travels to the consumer. Jacobus says old pipes and fixtures can leach metals. He says water treatment facilities were never designed to remove chemicals that are now showing up.
Washington can no longer camp on its own illusions.
Washington clearly labels China as an enemy.
Washington fell and the US government ceased to exist.
Washington is Zelenskyy's puppet master.
Washington is circulating a new UN resolution against North Korea.
Washington is not playing a positive role in the history of Palestine.
Washington is the capital of the United States.
Washington needs to realize that we're living in a different era.
Washington often thought of the future.
Washington state has beautiful scenery.
Washington views China as a pacing threat.
Washington wants to get Assange extradited to the US.
Washington was a good leader of America.
Washington was the most famous man in America.
Washington was the most famous man in the United States.
Washington was worried.
Washington's army has captured Trenton.
Washington's global hegemony is over.
Washington's neocons believe that there is a "clash of civilizations" that they're going to win.
Washington's neocons should not push their aircraft carriers too close to Russia and China. These two countries have the weapons they need to pulverize them.
Washington's war on terror was over but Washington's terror continues.
Washington, D.C., is the capital of the United States of America.
Washington’s army has captured Trenton.
Washington’s boyhood interest in the skies was rekindled by an Oregon State physics professor with a passion for climate studies. Washington excelled in physics, a skill which led to a summer job as a research mathematician with scientists who were just beginning to use computers to forecast the weather.
Wasima Khan dropped out of school six years ago. She is not an exception but the norm in Nuh, a district in northern India where the female literacy rate of about 30% is barely half the national average.
Wasn't Halloween great this year?
Wasn't I at home?
Wasn't John supposed to be here?
Wasn't Mary in her room?
Wasn't Mary supposed to do that by herself?
Wasn't Mary your girlfriend?
Wasn't Robert supposed to take care of Martha?
Wasn't Tom here earlier today?
Wasn't Tom here with you?
Wasn't Tom home?
Wasn't Tom in Australia last month?
Wasn't Tom in Australia last year?
Wasn't Tom in Australia with you?
Wasn't Tom in Boston last week?
Wasn't Tom in Boston last year?
Wasn't Tom in Boston with you?
Wasn't Tom in his room?
Wasn't Tom just in Australia last month?
Wasn't Tom just in Boston last week?
Wasn't Tom supposed to be here?
Wasn't Tom supposed to do that before 2:30?
Wasn't Tom supposed to do that by himself?
Wasn't Tom supposed to do that on Monday?
Wasn't Tom supposed to do that on October 20th?
Wasn't Tom supposed to do that with Mary?
Wasn't Tom supposed to do that yesterday?
Wasn't Tom supposed to get home before 2:30?
Wasn't Tom supposed to go shopping with Mary?
Wasn't Tom supposed to go with you yesterday?
Wasn't Tom supposed to stay in Australia until the end of next month?
Wasn't Tom supposed to stay in Boston until Monday?
Wasn't Tom supposed to win yesterday?
Wasn't Tom the first person we called?
Wasn't Tom there?
Wasn't Tom with you yesterday afternoon?
Wasn't Tom with you?
Wasn't Tom your boyfriend?
Wasn't Tom your interpreter?
Wasn't anyone curious?
Wasn't everything perfect for you?
Wasn't he fine in jail?
Wasn't he killed by a car?
Wasn't he once your friend?
Wasn't he your boyfriend?
Wasn't he your friend?
Wasn't her name on the list?
Wasn't it Kafka who wrote that a book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us?
Wasn't it Tom who did that?
Wasn't it Tom who said that?
Wasn't it a prophetic dream?
Wasn't it a stolen vehicle?
Wasn't it at least worth a try?
Wasn't it awful?
Wasn't it enough?
Wasn't it for Tom?
Wasn't it her who just phoned?
Wasn't it him who stole your wallet?
Wasn't it last month that that happened?
Wasn't it scary?
Wasn't it she who brought him to therapy?
Wasn't it still called "acid rock" back then?
Wasn't it supposed to be hot today?
Wasn't it supposed to rain?
Wasn't it supposed to snow last night?
Wasn't it yesterday that you did that?
Wasn't it you who wrote this?
Wasn't it your suggestion to Tom that he sell that car?
Wasn't she fine in jail?
Wasn't she your girlfriend?
Wasn't that Tom back there?
Wasn't that Tom's idea?
Wasn't that a little too easy?
Wasn't that a lot of fun?
Wasn't that amazing?
Wasn't that beautiful?
Wasn't that dangerous?
Wasn't that day a bummer!
Wasn't that enough for you?
Wasn't that enough?
Wasn't that fantastic?
Wasn't that fun?
Wasn't that nice?
Wasn't that what you intended?
Wasn't that what you wanted?
Wasn't that you?
Wasn't there anything they could do for you?
Wasn't today your day off?
Wasn't your name on the list?
Wasn't your old dog named Cookie?
Wasn’t he killed by a car?
Wasn’t it hot, yesterday?
Wasps and hornets are flying about.
Wasps are very useful animals.
Wasps can kill people.
Wasps help keep down arthropod populations.
Wasps help keep insect populations down.
Wasps like pop cans.
Wasps sting.
Wassily Kandinsky was born on the 16th of December 1866 in Moscow.
Wastage was cut by 50 percent.
Waste disposal is a big problem in Algiers.
Waste from poorly managed aquaculture ponds can pollute ground and coastal waters, and certain carnivorous species like salmon must be fed products made from other fish, like oil and meal — meaning continued pressure on wild fish populations.
Waste is deposited in a landfill in the long term.
Waste makes want.
Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be. Be one.
Waste no time!
Waste not a single grain of rice!
Waste not, want not.
Waste separation facilitates collection.
Waste separation is no small matter.
Waste your pathetic life.
Wasted time is irretrievable.
Wasted.
Wastes have polluted portions of our water.
Wasting money like this is obscene.
Wasting our time is like wasting our lives.
Wasting time at the library is fun.
Wasting time isn't possible since time is the present, and no one can waste that moment, the only time that exists.
Wasting time, if you like doing it, is not a waste of time!
Wasting time, if you like it, is not pointless!
Watanabe is my family name.
Watch French movies.
Watch TV here.
Watch TV in Berber.
Watch TV shows in Berber.
Watch TV together.
Watch Tom carefully.
Watch Tom carefully. He's dangerous.
Watch Tom for a moment, will you?
Watch Tom very carefully.
Watch Tom's every step carefully.
Watch Tom.
Watch and learn.
Watch as much as you want.
Watch attentively. I'll show you how it's done.
Watch attentively. I'll show you how one does that.
Watch carefully and you can see how my lips move in pronouncing the word.
Watch carefully how I do it. Did you see it?
Watch carefully how I do this.
Watch carefully how to do it.
Watch carefully.
Watch carefully. I'll show you how it's done.
Watch cat videos on YouTube.
Watch closely how I do this.
Watch closely.
Watch drama series straight on Netflix.
Watch for falling coconuts.
Watch for your brother.
Watch for your sister.
Watch from the window.
Watch funny movies.
Watch her.
Watch him and do likewise.
Watch him and do the same thing.
Watch him and do the same.
Watch him and do what he does.
Watch him at work in this video.
Watch him sidle as he tries to avoid us.
Watch him.
Watch his expression when we mention a price.
Watch his face when we name a price.
Watch his hands closely.
Watch how I do it.
Watch how I do this.
Watch how Tom does it.
Watch how Tom does that.
Watch how he climbs a coconut tree!
Watch how he scrambles up the hillside.
Watch how they're putting on airs!
Watch it and dance!
Watch it hover!
Watch it or you'll poke someone's eye out!
Watch it there, Tom.
Watch it.
Watch me and see how I do it.
Watch me and tell me what I'm doing wrong.
Watch me chug this beer.
Watch me closely.
Watch me do it again.
Watch me do it!
Watch me do that again.
Watch me do that once more.
Watch me do this.
Watch me make this disappear.
Watch me now, Jamal.
Watch me now.
Watch me walk into the distance.
Watch me wangle an invitation out of her.
Watch me.
Watch movies in French.
Watch movies.
Watch my back.
Watch my camera for me.
Watch my fingers.
Watch my video.
Watch our new detergent whisk away stains.
Watch out below!
Watch out for Tom.
Watch out for Tom. He has wandering hands.
Watch out for Tom; he's a predator.
Watch out for any signs of illness in the canary.
Watch out for any signs of illness in the hamster and let me know.
Watch out for big and small stones on the road!
Watch out for cars when crossing the street.
Watch out for cars when you cross the street.
Watch out for cars.
Watch out for cats.
Watch out for cyberbullies and report any suspicious behavior.
Watch out for cyclists and pedestrians.
Watch out for dangerous ailments.
Watch out for falling coconuts.
Watch out for falling objects!
Watch out for foul balls.
Watch out for her!
Watch out for her.
Watch out for her. Her weapon is language - if she wants to, she'll talk you to death.
Watch out for her. Her weapon is language - if she wants to, she’ll talk you to death.
Watch out for him.
Watch out for him. That guy can really hold a grudge.
Watch out for his fingers when closing doors.
Watch out for his latest movie which comes out next month.
Watch out for icicles when you go out.
Watch out for landmines.
Watch out for magnets near the TV, they can interfere.
Watch out for passing cars.
Watch out for pedestrians when driving a car.
Watch out for pedestrians when you drive a car.
Watch out for pickpockets.
Watch out for police on the Indiana highways.
Watch out for potholes while driving.
Watch out for puddles.
Watch out for purse-snatchers.
Watch out for rowdy or drunk customers.
Watch out for signs of illness in the dog.
Watch out for snakes!
Watch out for snakes.
Watch out for stupid people.
Watch out for that barber – he’ll leave you looking like a sheared sheep.
Watch out for that bird.
Watch out for that guy, he is a meddler to women.
Watch out for that man.
Watch out for that oil slick.
Watch out for that shark!
Watch out for the Roomba.
Watch out for the car!
Watch out for the cat.
Watch out for the drop.
Watch out for the fire, it can hurt you.
Watch out for the hot burners on the stove!
Watch out for the monkeys, they might grab your hat!
Watch out for the oncoming traffic.
Watch out for the pedestrians.
Watch out for the potholes while driving.
Watch out for the sparks that are flying out of the fireplace!
Watch out for the steps.
Watch out for the strong waves, they can be dangerous.
Watch out for the swings, they can be dangerous!
Watch out for them.
Watch out for these heresies!
Watch out for thieves around here.
Watch out for thorns and prickly plants.
Watch out for traffic.
Watch out for trees from now on.
Watch out for your neighbors.
Watch out for your tongue.
Watch out for zombies.
Watch out it doesn't scratch you.
Watch out mom, these are coming your way!
Watch out not to say something stupid.
Watch out not to talk to my girlfriend.
Watch out not to wake up Tom.
Watch out she doesn't scratch you.
Watch out that you don't trip.
Watch out when you jump!
Watch out!
Watch out! A car is coming!
Watch out! A duck!
Watch out! A lorry's coming!
Watch out! A police spy is snooping around.
Watch out! He's coming right at you!
Watch out! He's right behind you!
Watch out! Here comes the fuzz!
Watch out! It's a trap!
Watch out! That car almost hit you.
Watch out! That man over there has a gun.
Watch out! The car almost ran over you.
Watch out! The iron is hot.
Watch out! The pavement is slippery.
Watch out! The pavement's slippery.
Watch out! There are five hungry Soviet cows in the garden!
Watch out! There's a big hole there.
Watch out! There's a car coming!
Watch out! There's a pothole in the road.
Watch out! There's a pothole over there.
Watch out! There's a speed camera.
Watch out! There’s a big hole there.
Watch out! There’s a pothole in the road.
Watch out! There’s a speed camera.
Watch out! This monkey is vicious.
Watch out! Tom has a gun.
Watch out! Tom has a knife in his hand.
Watch out! Tom has a knife.
Watch out! Tom is behind you!
Watch out! Traffic pattern changed. Drive slower.
Watch out! You know what claws he has.
Watch out, Tom!
Watch out, Tom.
Watch out, a dog!
Watch out, here it comes.
Watch out, or else!
Watch out, that the dog doesn't bite you.
Watch out, the man has a gun.
Watch out.
Watch out. The man's armed.
Watch out. There are rattlesnakes and scorpions.
Watch out. There are speed bumps.
Watch out; your money might vanish into thin air if you invest it there.
Watch out—that guy is a real snake in the grass.
Watch over me, I will watch over you.
Watch over the house while I am out.
Watch over them.
Watch over your brother like a superhero while I'm gone.
Watch some telly if you like.
Watch that no one is standing at the edge of your bed.
Watch that they don't fall on the rocks.
Watch that video after this one.
Watch the baby's fingers.
Watch the balloon pop!
Watch the camera for me while I make a phone call.
Watch the cucumber, see how he moves.
Watch the donut, and not the hole.
Watch the door.
Watch the doughnut, and not the hole.
Watch the employee.
Watch the employees.
Watch the fire.
Watch the forest!
Watch the four videos.
Watch the front.
Watch the movie and be quiet!
Watch the movie together.
Watch the movie.
Watch the news.
Watch the papers.
Watch the prisoner.
Watch the rear.
Watch the rear. I'll watch the front.
Watch the road!
Watch the road.
Watch the scene with subtitles.
Watch the step. You don't want to trip.
Watch the tapes.
Watch the video on Algeria.
Watch the way.
Watch them closely.
Watch them.
Watch this film when you get the chance.
Watch this film.
Watch this house.
Watch this movie.
Watch this video.
Watch this, Tom.
Watch this.
Watch those tapes again and again.
Watch those videos again.
Watch those videos.
Watch us.
Watch videos about Algeria first.
Watch what I do very carefully.
Watch what Tom and Mary do very carefully.
Watch what Tom does very carefully.
Watch what everyone does and do the opposite.
Watch what happens now.
Watch what happens.
Watch what our pretty little dog can do.
Watch what you eat.
Watch what you say.
Watch what you're doing!
Watch what you're doing.
Watch what you're doing. You almost killed Tom!
Watch what you're doing. You almost killed Tom.
Watch what you’re doing!
Watch where you put your boots!
Watch where you put your feet.
Watch where you step – the ground is subsiding in places.
Watch where you step!
Watch where you step.
Watch where you tread: the ground is giving way in places.
Watch where you're going!
Watch where you're going, Tom.
Watch where you're going, asshole!
Watch where you're going.
Watch while grazing!
Watch you don't trip on that tin of paint.
Watch your back, Tom.
Watch your back.
Watch your children.
Watch your feet.
Watch your fingers!
Watch your fingers.
Watch your flank!
Watch your foot.
Watch your head!
Watch your head, Tom.
Watch your head.
Watch your language.
Watch your leader and act accordingly.
Watch your luggage.
Watch your mouth or you'll get it.
Watch your mouth or you’ll get it.
Watch your mouth!
Watch your mouth, Tom.
Watch your mouth, Ziri!
Watch your mouth.
Watch your mouth. You don't know what you're saying.
Watch your speed.
Watch your step in dark alleys.
Watch your step in going down the stairs.
Watch your step near the pool, it's slippery.
Watch your step near the riverbank, it can be slippery.
Watch your step on uneven terrain.
Watch your step or you'll be in trouble.
Watch your step or you'll get into trouble.
Watch your step or you’ll be in trouble.
Watch your step or you’ll get into trouble.
Watch your step when going down the stairs.
Watch your step when you get on the train.
Watch your step! It's slick out!
Watch your step, Tom.
Watch your step, as the passageway is slippery.
Watch your step, or else you will trip on the baggage.
Watch your step, or you will slip and fall.
Watch your step, the rocks near the water can be slippery.
Watch your step.
Watch your step. The floor is slippery.
Watch your step. The stairs are steep.
Watch your step; the cat's around here somewhere.
Watch your step; there's a cat around here somewhere.
Watch your thoughts closely.
Watch your thoughts, for they become words. Watch your words, for they become actions. Watch your actions, for they become habits. Watch your habits, for they become character. Watch your character, for it becomes your destiny.
Watch your toes.
Watch your tone of voice.
Watch your tone.
Watch your tongue, Mary!
Watch your tongue.
Watch your weight.
Watch yourself.
Watch yourselves!
Watch yourselves.
Watch.
Watching David and Amanda together as a couple made my blood boil.
Watching French television, from Europe and Quebec, over the years has improved my listening skills in the language. But, speaking is another thing.
Watching Russian movies in English is easier for me.
Watching TV in French is a good way to study.
Watching TV is a big waste of time.
Watching TV is a passive activity.
Watching TV is bad for your eyes.
Watching TV is fun.
Watching TV is something I enjoy doing.
Watching TV is something that I enjoy doing.
Watching TV isn't the only thing I do.
Watching TV often makes me sleepy.
Watching TV was the leisure activity that occupied the most time (2.7 hours per day), accounting for just over half of leisure time, on average, for those age 15 and over.
Watching TV, I fell asleep.
Watching Tom do that is fun.
Watching Tom doing that was a lot of fun.
Watching a woman make Russian pancakes, you might think that she was calling on the spirits or extracting from the batter the philosopher's stone.
Watching astronauts float in the weightlessness of space may look like a lot of fun, but scientists have found that such an environment can also have negative physical and psychological effects on humans.
Watching baseball is a lot of fun.
Watching everybody else eating made me want to eat, too.
Watching everyone else eating made me want to eat, too.
Watching gameplay videos online made me want to play it for myself.
Watching him, I can't believe he did that.
Watching images of nature has been shown to improve our physical and mental health.
Watching modern news coverage is a rather dispiriting exercise.
Watching movies is very interesting.
Watching my professors teach me awoke the desire in me to become one of them, to teach, to help people.
Watching old sci-fi shows and reading old sci-fi books, I notice that the current date has bypassed the "futuristic" dates in the stories. They're still worth reading and watching. Do kids still read 1984 in school?
Watching one movie after another inhibits a profound understanding of them.
Watching or reading sci-fi is a liberating and expanding experience for the mind.
Watching soccer on TV is fun.
Watching someone die is very traumatic.
Watching television changes the role of the fans by making their participation more passive and distant.
Watching television is a passive activity.
Watching television is like studying, but perhaps about irrelevancies.
Watching television isn't interactive for most people.
Watching telly is a passive activity.
Watching the Chinese new year parade seated on the balcony is so pleasant.
Watching the cat sleeping makes me feel better.
Watching the clouds go by.
Watching the elephant show was amusing.
Watching the football game on television was fun.
Watching the news can sometimes make me feel so helpless, like the world is falling apart and there’s little I can do to address it but watch it burn around me.
Watching the news footage gave me deja vu.
Watching the sun set in the Algerian desert is truly magical.
Watching this type of video requires a strong stomach.
Watching violence in the news makes me anxious.
Watching wild birds is a lot of fun.
Watching wild birds is great fun.
Water and air are both fluids.
Water and bread provide health.
Water and bread, this is a dog's life.
Water and climate experts from across Asia are stressing the need to work with nature, rather than against it, to save the continent's "disappearing deltas," home to some 400 million people.
Water and food are in short supply.
Water and ice are the same substance in different forms.
Water and mineral salts are inorganic substances.
Water and oil are both liquids.
Water and oil are fluids.
Water and oil are two different types of fluid.
Water and oil don't mix.
Water balloons are very cheap.
Water bears are also known as tardigrades.
Water becomes solid when it freezes.
Water begins to boil at one hundred degrees.
Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius at sea level.
Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius.
Water boils at 100 degrees.
Water boils at 212°F.
Water boils at a hundred degrees Celsius.
Water boils at a temperature of 100 degrees centigrade.
Water boils at hundred degrees Celsius.
Water boils at one hundred degrees Celsius.
Water boils at one hundred degrees.
Water bugs aren't poisonous.
Water can be cleaned using different filters, which remove and hold onto the impurities.
Water can be decomposed into oxygen and hydrogen.
Water can exist as a solid, a liquid, and a gas in the environmental conditions existing on the Earth's surface.
Water can not be had for nothing here.
Water cannot be separated by hitting it with a stick.
Water changes into steam.
Water changes into vapor when it is heated.
Water chestnuts in a stir-fry hit different.
Water clarity is excellent.
Water clarity is fairly good.
Water conducts electricity.
Water consists of hydrogen and oxygen.
Water contains hydrogen and oxygen.
Water covers about 70% of the earth.
Water depth in front of main berths is 13.5 m below CD.
Water devastated the whole city.
Water doesn't have a color.
Water doesn't mix with oil.
Water doesn't stay in a sieve.
Water dripped from our hair.
Water eddies around the rocks near the shore.
Water entered the ship.
Water evaporates very quickly in this heat.
Water evaporates when it is heated.
Water evaporates.
Water exists in the form of ice on Mercury.
Water expands as it freezes.
Water expands when it freezes.
Water expands with heat.
Water fascinates me.
Water fascinates.
Water finds its level.
Water finds its own level.
Water flows downhill.
Water flows.
Water for the village is supplied by the lake.
Water for washing is less readily available in poor rural areas and urban slums.
Water freezes at 0 degrees Centigrade.
Water freezes at 0°C.
Water freezes at 0Âº C.
Water freezes at 32 degrees Fahrenheit.
Water freezes at zero Celsius, right?
Water freezes at zero degrees Celsius, doesn't it?
Water freezes at zero degrees Celsius, doesn’t it?
Water freezes at zero degrees Celsius.
Water freezes at zero degrees.
Water from a well close to the sea tends to taste a bit salty.
Water from that river is not potable.
Water fulfills several vital functions in a human organism. It serves as a means for transport of nutrients, regulates body temperature, and plays an important part in metabolism.
Water gets colder with depth because cold, salty ocean water sinks to the bottom of the ocean basins below the less dense warmer water near the surface.
Water glitters in the sunlight.
Water gurgles while fire crackles.
Water gushed out of the faucet.
Water has become scarce.
Water has been running under the village for centuries.
Water has no calories.
Water has no taste.
Water has two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
Water has zero calories.
Water in a solid state is called ice.
Water in lakes and streams is generally freshwater.
Water irrigates the land.
Water is 800 times heavier than air.
Water is Tom's favorite drink.
Water is a colourless liquid.
Water is a compound of hydrogen and oxygen.
Water is a fluid.
Water is a good drink.
Water is a liquid unsuitable for drinking, or else God wouldn't have salted so much of it.
Water is a liquid.
Water is a liquid. When it freezes, it becomes solid.
Water is a natural resource of vital importance.
Water is a powerful thing.
Water is a precious resource.
Water is a source of life.
Water is a transparent liquid.
Water is a vital resource.
Water is amazing.
Water is an important natural resource.
Water is as precious as air to man.
Water is as precious as air.
Water is coming out.
Water is composed of hydrogen and oxygen.
Water is composed of oxygen and hydrogen.
Water is comprised of hydrogen and oxygen.
Water is comprised of oxygen and hydrogen.
Water is dripping from the tap in the kitchen.
Water is dripping from the wet towel.
Water is dripping somewhere.
Water is engulfing that island little by little every year.
Water is essential to life.
Water is essential to our life.
Water is finding its way through the wall.
Water is found in the well.
Water is good to drink.
Water is good.
Water is gushing from the fountain.
Water is heavier than ice.
Water is heavier than oil.
Water is heavy.
Water is important for humans.
Water is important for people.
Water is important.
Water is in short supply in many regions in Algeria.
Water is indispensable to life.
Water is indispensable to plants.
Water is indispensable to us.
Water is leaking into my goggles. I don't think they fit right.
Water is leaking into my goggles. I don’t think they fit right.
Water is life.
Water is liquid.
Water is liquid. It becomes solid when it freezes.
Water is liquid. When it freezes, it becomes solid.
Water is made of hydrogen and oxygen.
Water is made up of hydrogen and oxygen.
Water is made up of oxygen and hydrogen.
Water is more expensive than beer at this restaurant.
Water is more precious than oil here.
Water is much needed.
Water is necessary for survival.
Water is needed urgently.
Water is not coming out of the shower.
Water is pouring down my head.
Water is running from the faucet into the sink.
Water is running from the tap into the sink.
Water is scarce in this area.
Water is seeping into my rubber boots.
Water is seeping through.
Water is so important that we can hardly do without it even for a day.
Water is sold in packs of six bottles.
Water is spurting from the fountain.
Water is still gushing out.
Water is still standing in the fields.
Water is strange stuff.
Water is tasteless, odourless and colourless.
Water is the basis for all life.
Water is the basis of life.
Water is the essence of life.
Water is the most common liquid.
Water is the most prevalent liquid.
Water is the most refreshing drink to have in the scorching summer heat to get your body to cool down.
Water is the only drink for a wise man.
Water is the only drink that is worth your while in the summer.
Water is the only juice I drink.
Water is the only thing I drink.
Water is the only thing Tom will drink.
Water is the principle of all things; all comes from water, and to water all returns.
Water is the source of all life.
Water is the source of life.
Water is to fish what air is to man.
Water is transparent.
Water is urgently needed.
Water is very important.
Water is vital for humans.
Water is wet, but is fire dry?
Water is wet.
Water isn't Tom's favorite drink.
Water law is the field of law dealing with the ownership, control, and use of water as a resource.
Water makes up most of the earth's surface.
Water makes up most of the earth’s surface.
Water management has become a key issue in Algeria's politics.
Water managers in the Colorado River Basin have mobilized users to conserve water in response to ongoing drought intensified by higher temperatures.
Water may be the source of life, but its life-giving quality depends on how we treat it.
Water my flowers while I'm away.
Water occupies three fourths of the surface of the earth.
Water overflowed the bathtub.
Water passes through the fabric.
Water pipes are cylinders.
Water pollution is a crime against humanity.
Water pollution is a problem worldwide.
Water pollution is another problem.
Water poured from the broken pipe.
Water pouring off the roof is music to my ears.
Water power turns the wheel.
Water reflects light.
Water runs through a paper towel as if it were a sieve.
Water scarcity has become more common in Algeria.
Water shortage is caused by the loss of forests.
Water shot from the pipe.
Water skiing is a lot of fun.
Water skiing is something I really enjoy doing.
Water skiing is something that I really enjoy doing.
Water sloshed out of the full bathtub when I eased my muddy dog into it.
Water spouted from the broken faucet.
Water spouted from the broken tap.
Water springs out of a fountain, flows downwards in a brook, runs in a beck, stands in a pond, glides in the stream, is whirled about in a whirlpool and causes fens.
Water started pouring down.
Water steams when it boils.
Water supply needs to be improved in Algiers.
Water supply needs to be increased in Algiers.
Water surged in from another hole.
Water tastes insipid after it has been boiled.
Water temperature and pressure determine how far sound travels in the ocean.
Water temperatures in the Baltic Sea exceeded 23° C in some places.
Water that has been electrolyzed is used to clean germs on precision machines.
Water the flowers before breakfast.
Water the flowers before you eat breakfast.
Water the flowers before you have breakfast.
Water the flowers on the window sill.
Water the flowers on the windowsill.
Water the flowers!
Water the flowers.
Water the garden.
Water the plants before eating breakfast.
Water the plants!
Water the plants.
Water the water lilies.
Water transmits sound better than air.
Water tries to find its own level.
Water turns into steam when it is boiled.
Water was coming out of the damaged pipe.
Water was coming out of the damaged pipes.
Water was dripping from the tap.
Water was found in the dead man's lungs.
Water was found in the dead man’s lungs.
Water was gushing into the ship.
Water was gushing out from the sand slope.
Water was leaking out of the damaged pipe.
Water was leaking out of the door.
Water was leaking out of the fridge door.
Water was not draining properly from her kitchen sink, causing a problem.
Water was running down the windshield.
Water was streaming out of the fridge.
Water was supplied from outside.
Water which gushes through pipes in nuclear power plants is often heavily pressurised.
Water will always be an healthier and a more appropriate drink to have over any other drink if only for health concerns.
Water will always be your best bet when you are dying of thirst.
Water will attenuate the signal.
Water will boil if heated enough.
Water will evaporate after it is boiled.
Water will freeze at zero Celsius, right?
Water will make your thrist go away faster than any other drink.
Water will quench your thirst quicker than any other drink when you're feeling thirsty.
Water will suffice as coolant in a pinch.
Water will take off your thirst faster than any other drink, trust me.
Water!
Water's chemical formula is H₂O.
Water, forests, and minerals are important natural resources.
Water, in its natural state, is a fluid.
Water, please!
Water, please.
Water, taken in moderation, cannot hurt anybody.
Watercress is a common ingredient in vegetable soups.
Watering orchids is also tricky. How often you water depends on the material you use to plant the flower and also the temperature.
Watering your ivy with cold water could shock its roots.
Watermelon is a summer fruit.
Watermelon juice is a delicious drink.
Watermelon juice is my kids' favorite treat.
Watermelon season is starting soon.
Watermelon tastes delicious on a hot day.
Watermelon, okra, yams, black-eyed peas and some peppers are all indigenous to Africa.
Watermelons are in season now.
Waterproof features would be a plus.
Watson there would tell you that I was a nervous, sensitive boy at school. It is my nature.
Watson, I think our quiet rest in the country has been a distinct success, and I shall certainly return much invigorated to Baker Street tomorrow.
Watson, your country-trip has been a distinct success. I have had a charming morning.
Wave after wave surged upon the beach.
Wave goodbye.
Wave to Tom.
Wave to him.
Wave your hand.
Waves are beating the shore.
Waves are breaking against the rocks.
Waves are crashing over the promenade.
Waves are created by energy passing through water.
Waves are fun to play in.
Waves are fun to watch.
Waves are fun.
Waves are generated by wind.
Waves are most commonly caused by wind.
Waves crashed over the promenade.
Waves crashing against the coast.
Waves of joy drift through my opened heart.
Waves transmit energy, not water, across the ocean and if not obstructed by anything, they have the potential to travel across an entire ocean basin.
Waves were battering the shore.
Waving her sword, she rushed so violently on the lion that he had barely time to spring on one side, so as to avoid the blow.
Wawrinka got broken at love in the first game of the third set.
Wawrinka got broken to love in the opening game of the third set.
Wax adds a look of depth to any finish.
Wax cylinders were the first way fans could buy music to listen to at home.
Wax is good for windshields.
Wax melts near fire.
Wax the floor.
Waxing is a painful but necessary part of most women's beauty routine.
Waxing is one method of hair removal.
Way off in the distance she could see the lights of the city.
Way to go!
Way to go, Tom!
Way to go, Tom.
Way to go, loser!
Way to go.
Way to ruin everything.
Wayde van Niekerk broke the world record and won the gold medal in the 400m sprint.
Wayde van Niekerk's coach is a 74 years old great-grandmother.
We Africans are excellent athletes and runners.
We Africans are excellent boxers.
We Algerians are all united.
We Algerians are very similar to Italians. Never mess with us.
We Algerians need to keep our cities clean.
We Algerians need to stand together like a united front.
We Algerians practice a moderate form of Islam.
We Algerians talk to each other as brothers and sisters.
We Algerians want a better life.
We Amazighs are the best.
We Berbers are the best.
We Chinese are hard workers.
We Danes have a special love-hate relationship with our Swedish neighbors.
We Germans fear God, but nothing else in the world.
We Imazighen are the best.
We Japanese come of age at twenty.
We Japanese live on rice.
We Jews have been too adaptable. We have been too eager to sacrifice our idiosyncrasies for the sake of social conformity.
We Muslims all have the same religion.
We Muslims are constantly looking for salvation.
We Muslims believe in Jesus and Moses.
We Muslims pray to God.
We abandoned all hope.
We abandoned him to his fate.
We abandoned our plans.
We abandoned the city.
We abandoned the plan to go on a picnic.
We abandoned the project because of a lack of funds.
We abandoned the project because we didn't have enough money.
We abandoned the ship.
We abbreviate Sunday to Sun.
We abhor violence.
We absented ourselves from school.
We absolutely have to go.
We absolutely love this town.
We absolutely need that.
We absorb radiation all the time.
We abstain from alcohol.
We accelerated our pace.
We accelerated.
We accept all kinds of mail, whether it be criticism, praise, complaints or suggestions.
We accept all major credit and debit cards.
We accept all major credit cards.
We accept anybody, irrespective of nationality.
We accept checks.
We accept credit cards.
We accept making a reduction in price of 5% if this will help you to develop a new market for our products.
We accept online donations.
We accept only cash as payment.
We accept pre-order reservations.
We accept students like them.
We accept that.
We accept your challenge.
We accepted against our will.
We accepted everything they asked of us.
We accepted her invitation.
We accepted him with our arms open wide.
We accepted his invitation.
We accepted his offer.
We accepted the challenge.
We accepted their invitation.
We accidentally bumped teeth while kissing.
We accompanied Mina.
We accompanied her outside the club to get some air.
We accompanied him to the airport.
We accompanied the children to school.
We accompanied the kids to the club.
We accomplished a lot.
We accomplished everything we wanted to.
We accomplished some good things.
We accomplished what we set out to do.
We accomplished what we wanted to accomplish.
We accomplished what we were capable of.
We accumulate our opinions at an age when our understanding is at its weakest.
We accused her of having stolen the bike.
We accused him of having stolen the bike.
We accustomed our children to sleeping alone.
We aced all the quizzes.
We aced the exam.
We achieved our goals.
We achieved the same results.
We achieved what was within our power.
We acknowledge receipt of your letter.
We acknowledged our mistake.
We acquire language skills just like the chicken eats: grain by grain.
We acquired it three months ago.
We acquired the property when our uncle died.
We act as we please.
We act in good faith.
We act in our lives without rehearsal and prompter.
We act without fear or favor.
We acted in good faith.
We acted like we knew everything.
We acted sincerely.
We acted the story of Columbus.
We acted too late.
We actually did it.
We actually did that.
We actually didn't see the accident.
We actually didn’t see the accident.
We actually don't have any money.
We actually don't have to do that now.
We actually had a lot of fun.
We actually have four legs.
We actually have very strict rules.
We actually intended to go to the beach tomorrow, but it's expected to rain.
We actually saw the accident.
We actually talked about it.
We actually wanted to go to Rügen for a fortnight, but then we went to the Harz Mountains instead.
We actually work.
We add a pinch of salt for taste.
We add a pinch of salt to taste.
We add examples in languages we know.
We add hundreds of sentences.
We add long examples.
We add new examples to Tatoeba.
We added a few new chairs to our collection.
We added a room to our house.
We added bacon to our burgers.
We added extra cheese to our burgers.
We added hundreds of sentences.
We added little decorations to the mosque.
We added new examples to Tatoeba.
We added something new.
We added sugar to our coffee.
We address each other as "vous".
We adjourned the meeting for lunch.
We adjourned the meeting until the following Friday.
We admire Tom for his bravery.
We admire Tom.
We admire her for her bravery.
We admire him for his knowledge.
We admire his hold on the situation.
We admire the men who shaped our country, and rightfully so, the men we see as heroes -- from Alexander Hamilton to Muhammad Ali -- for their confidence and their courage in believing they could change our nation, this idea of self-creation, that there’s nothing holding us back. In them, we see America itself, constantly reinventing itself, fearless, looking out over the horizon at the next frontier.
We admire the natural patterns in the granite surface.
We admire their dedication and work ethic.
We admire you.
We admire your loyalty.
We admired Tom's bravery.
We admired Tom's courage.
We admired Tom.
We admired his wisdom, not to mention his courage.
We admired that man because he has lots of money.
We admired the beautiful sunset.
We admired the beauty of the scenery.
We admired the view of Mt. Fuji.
We admit that he is a man of ability.
We admitted our defeat.
We admitted that we were wrong.
We admitted to the murder.
We adopt him as our representative.
We adopted Tom when he was three years old.
We adopted Tom when he was three.
We adopted Tom.
We adopted a baby.
We adopted a child.
We adopted an alternative method.
We adopted an orphan.
We adopted her.
We adopted him.
We adopted them.
We adopted you because you're our family.
We adore Tom.
We adore going on picnics.
We adore picnics.
We adore them.
We adore thy cross, O Lord.
We adults shouldn't destroy the intelligent and creative capacity of children.
We adults shouldn’t destroy the intelligent and creative capacity of children.
We advanced the date of the meeting.
We advanced to the finals.
We advanced under cover of darkness.
We advertise our products on TV.
We advised Tom to start early.
We advised them to start early.
We agonized over that for weeks.
We agonized over the decision to do that.
We agonized over this decision.
We agonized over this for months.
We agonized over this.
We agonized over what to do.
We agonized over what to wear.
We agree as well.
We agree from time to time.
We agree on everything.
We agree on far more than we disagree on.
We agree on that.
We agree on this point.
We agree on this subject.
We agree on this.
We agree the price, and the money is paid straight away.
We agree to disagree.
We agree to everything.
We agree to start at once.
We agree to your proposal.
We agree to your terms.
We agree with Tom.
We agree with him.
We agree with most of their statements.
We agree with that sentiment.
We agree with you.
We agree, you will come to dinner at our house.
We agree.
We agreed about the price, the money is paid down presently.
We agreed among ourselves.
We agreed it would be a small ceremony.
We agreed not to have children before the age of thirty.
We agreed on 2:30.
We agreed on a concept and will discuss the practicalities at a later time.
We agreed on a date for the next meeting.
We agreed on a price, but afterwards they wanted 10 dollars extra.
We agreed on a price.
We agreed on an early start.
We agreed that I would do it, didn't we?
We agreed that I would sleep in the bottom bunk.
We agreed that all the kids would stay together.
We agreed that he would come back the next day to sign the contract with us.
We agreed that he would come to sign the contract the next day.
We agreed that he would come tomorrow to sign the contract.
We agreed that his actions were warranted.
We agreed that something must be done.
We agreed that there was no other alternative.
We agreed that we wouldn't talk about that issue.
We agreed that we'd never talk about this.
We agreed to be more cautious about closed doors.
We agreed to disagree.
We agreed to do everything they asked us to do.
We agreed to do that.
We agreed to elaborate a strategy.
We agreed to elaborate an action plan.
We agreed to go to Australia.
We agreed to go to Boston.
We agreed to help Tom.
We agreed to help them.
We agreed to her suggestions.
We agreed to his suggestions.
We agreed to leave early the next morning.
We agreed to leave soon.
We agreed to meet Tom.
We agreed to meet on Monday.
We agreed to meet the next day.
We agreed to refrain from smoking while we are at work.
We agreed to share the housework among us.
We agreed to share the housework.
We agreed to speak French.
We agreed to start early the next morning.
We agreed to start early.
We agreed to that.
We agreed to the plan unconditionally.
We agreed to the plan without qualification.
We agreed to the plan.
We agreed to work out a strategy.
We agreed to work together.
We agreed we wouldn't talk about that issue.
We agreed we'd give it a shot.
We agreed with Tom's plan.
We agreed with Tom.
We agreed with his plan.
We agreed.
We aided him in his business.
We aided him with money.
We aim at that objective.
We aim to complete the project by next spring.
We aim to please.
We aim to satisfy our customers' wants and needs.
We aim to stimulate the creation of a private space industry.
We aimed our guns at them.
We alerted the police.
We alienate ourselves from what's good about us and project it onto God.
We all abide by law to live in any society.
We all adore Sami.
We all adore Tom.
We all agree in liking the teacher.
We all agree that we should leave early.
We all agree to the new plan.
We all agree with you.
We all agree.
We all agreed it was a good idea.
We all agreed not to lie to Tom.
We all agreed that I would do it, right?
We all agreed that that was important.
We all agreed that the plan made sense.
We all agreed to meet here again next Monday.
We all agreed to stop there.
We all agreed to work together.
We all agreed unanimously.
We all agreed with Tom.
We all agreed.
We all allowed it to happen.
We all anticipate seeing you next weekend.
We all appreciate very much Tom's presence here.
We all are God's sons.
We all are already fed up with Tom.
We all are beta versions.
We all are destined to you and sooner or later must pass to your domain. She too, when she shall have filled her term of life, will rightly be yours. But till then grant her to me, I beseech you.
We all are helping Tom.
We all are really something!
We all arrived at Gunter's place withing minutes of each other.
We all asked the same question.
We all aspire to something, but we don't all know what that is.
We all ate the same thing.
We all attended the discussion.
We all became communists.
We all became soldiers.
We all began to tell the cops the story of what we saw.
We all believe in God.
We all believe in good, free education for our children.
We all believe in something.
We all believe in you.
We all believe that Islam is the truth.
We all believed Tom.
We all believed in what he said.
We all boarded quickly.
We all boarded the bus to go home.
We all breathe the same air.
We all breathed a big sigh of relief.
We all breathed a sigh of relief.
We all brought towels.
We all came from space.
We all came here in Tom's car.
We all came together.
We all can do better.
We all can run.
We all can't be as strong as you.
We all can't be blue bloods.
We all care for one another.
We all caught Covid.
We all caught flu, and so did the teacher.
We all change.
We all cheered him up.
We all cheered.
We all cherish our children's future.
We all chipped in thirty dollars to help pay for Tom's operation.
We all chipped in to buy Tom a birthday present.
We all chipped in to buy Tom a gift.
We all chipped in to buy a birthday present for Tom.
We all chipped in to buy our teacher a birthday present.
We all clocked in at the same time.
We all congratulated them.
We all consider he's the cleverest dog in the world.
We all consider he’s the cleverest dog in the world.
We all consider it wrong to cheat in an examination.
We all consider it wrong to cheat in examination.
We all consider it wrong to cheat in exams.
We all consider it wrong to cheat in the examination.
We all consider it wrong to cheat on exams.
We all consider it wrong to cheat on the test.
We all consider that your idea is impractical.
We all consider your idea to be impractical.
We all couldn't believe it.
We all cried a lot.
We all cried when we watched the movie.
We all cried.
We all crossed the street together.
We all decided to call it a night after that.
We all decided to go to this area.
We all decided to meet up on Thursday.
We all denounce cheating on tests.
We all deserve a chance.
We all deserve promotions.
We all deserve respect, regardless of status.
We all deserve respect.
We all deserve to go.
We all desire success.
We all desired peace.
We all despise Mary.
We all despise Tom.
We all did our best, but it wasn't enough.
We all did that again.
We all did that same thing.
We all did well.
We all die in the end.
We all die one day or another.
We all die one day.
We all die someday.
We all die sooner or later.
We all die.
We all do good.
We all do it.
We all do stupid stuff when we're drunk.
We all do that.
We all don't like the idea of not knowing why things happen. It makes us feel like we don't have control in the world.
We all draw when we are kids, and then some stop drawing and some don't.
We all dream for something better.
We all dream of a free, united, and prosperous Algeria.
We all dream of being free.
We all drive old cars.
We all each drank a glass of wine.
We all earn our reputations.
We all eat pretty healthily.
We all embraced Islam in 2004.
We all encouraged Tom to do that.
We all enjoyed doing that.
We all enjoyed it.
We all enjoyed the concert.
We all enjoyed the film.
We all enjoyed the movie.
We all enjoyed the picnic.
We all enjoyed the warm summer evening together.
We all enjoyed the weekend.
We all err from time to time.
We all escaped without injury.
We all evolved from fish.
We all face the death penalty if we're convicted.
We all fear what we don’t understand.
We all feel pretty good right now.
We all feel terrible.
We all feel that way.
We all feel that we're members of one nation.
We all fell asleep.
We all fell ill with Covid.
We all fell off our camels.
We all fell quiet.
We all felt awful.
We all felt bad for that student.
We all felt bad.
We all felt embarrassed to sing a song in public.
We all felt great sorrow for him.
We all felt happy that night.
We all felt happy.
We all felt hungry.
We all felt pain.
We all felt sorry for Tom.
We all felt sorry for her.
We all felt sorry for him.
We all felt sorry for them.
We all felt sorry for you.
We all felt that the country was in danger.
We all felt tired.
We all find her behaviour abhorrent.
We all find them.
We all followed Tom's example.
We all found a good place to eat.
We all found the film interesting.
We all found, of course, that the teacher was proficient in English.
We all gathered to have dinner.
We all get along.
We all get it.
We all got Ds.
We all got a Christmas bonus.
We all got along really well.
We all got along.
We all got distracted.
We all got down on our knees and started to pray.
We all got fired.
We all got in Tom's van and headed for the beach.
We all got in the car.
We all got into my truck and left.
We all got on board quickly.
We all got paid yesterday.
We all got ready for the meeting.
We all got scared.
We all got set up for bed.
We all got together and bought Tom a gift certificate for his birthday.
We all got up and danced.
We all got up and left at the same time.
We all got up and started dancing.
We all grew silent.
We all grew up believing that everyone is entitled to their opinion, however, some now believe that all opinions are equal.
We all grew up in the same orphanage.
We all grow wiser.
We all had a big laugh about that.
We all had a fine time that day.
We all had a good time singing around the campfire.
We all had a good time.
We all had a good workout before lunch.
We all had a great time.
We all had a nice time.
We all had a torch.
We all had different assignments.
We all had dinner at a restaurant.
We all had dinner together.
We all had dreams as children.
We all had flashlights.
We all had fun.
We all had hope.
We all had such a good time.
We all had the same idea.
We all had those moments.
We all had torches.
We all hate Tom.
We all hate her.
We all hate him.
We all hate television and computers.
We all hate the young.
We all hate them.
We all hate you.
We all hated Tom.
We all hated her.
We all hated him.
We all hated them.
We all hated you.
We all have Berber ancestral origins.
We all have Muslim neighbors, don't we?
We all have a choice. We can either be part of the problem, or part of the solution.
We all have a cross to bear.
We all have a duty to fulfill.
We all have a free choice in life to give our life the direction we want to give it.
We all have a healthy right to pleasure.
We all have a lot to learn.
We all have a part to play in this.
We all have a price.
We all have a responsibility to protect each other.
We all have a right to be happy.
We all have a role to play.
We all have a survival instinct, you know?
We all have a tendency to think that the world must conform to our prejudices. The opposite view involves some effort of thought, and most people would die sooner than think â€” in fact they do so.
We all have a tendency to think that the world must conform to our prejudices. The opposite view involves some effort of thought, and most people would die sooner than think — in fact they do so.
We all have a worthwhile and a good reason to choose to keep ourselves fit.
We all have adjusted.
We all have arms, legs, and heads. We all walk and talk. But now there's something that seeks to divide us.
We all have arrived.
We all have bad days.
We all have burdens to bear.
We all have changed.
We all have children.
We all have choices.
We all have dark secrets.
We all have deadlines to meet.
We all have different abilities.
We all have different genetics.
We all have different strengths.
We all have done that.
We all have emigrant ancestors.
We all have experienced the serendipity of relevant information arriving just when we were least expecting it.
We all have families.
We all have favorites.
We all have feelings.
We all have flaws.
We all have free rein on how each one of us want their life to be like.
We all have fun.
We all have immigrant ancestors.
We all have jobs to do.
We all have jobs.
We all have kids.
We all have memory lapses.
We all have missed you.
We all have one boss, the customer. And she can fire us any time she wants by simply deciding to shop somewhere else.
We all have one vote.
We all have our cross to bear.
We all have our faults.
We all have our flaws.
We all have our hobby.
We all have our jobs to do.
We all have our limits.
We all have our little secrets.
We all have our off days.
We all have our orders.
We all have our own advantages and disadvantages.
We all have our own crosses to bear, and yours is ignorance.
We all have our own eccentricities.
We all have our own strengths and weaknesses.
We all have our own ways of dealing with stress.
We all have our own ways of dealing with stress. Mine is singing opera.
We all have our secretions, which will remain secret.
We all have our secrets.
We all have our superstitions.
We all have our tasks to perform.
We all have our time machines. Some take us back, they're called memories. Some take us forward, they are called dreams.
We all have our ups and downs.
We all have our work cut out for us.
We all have passed the test.
We all have problems.
We all have regrets.
We all have responsibilities.
We all have rights and responsibilities.
We all have secrets we'd prefer not to share.
We all have secrets.
We all have stomachaches.
We all have studied French.
We all have things we don't want to tell others about.
We all have those “must-remembers”: turning in an assignment, stopping for milk on the way home, or studying a certain topic before a big test.
We all have to be very careful.
We all have to commit to getting rid of this perversion to our culture.
We all have to contribute.
We all have to defend ourselves.
We all have to die sooner or later.
We all have to die.
We all have to do it again tomorrow.
We all have to do that.
We all have to eat.
We all have to go sometime.
We all have to go.
We all have to obey the rules.
We all have to paddle together.
We all have to pay taxes.
We all have to retire sometime.
We all have to start somewhere.
We all have to study math in school at one time or another. And many of us have wondered: will this stuff be useful afterward, in real life? Mathematicians Keith Devlin and Gary Lorden answer an emphatic "yes". In their new book, The Numbers Behind "Numb3rs," they argue that math is especially useful in the science of crime-solving: the subject of the popular TV show, Numb3rs. The authors make the case that the stories on the show might be fictional, but the critical role of math is very real.
We all have to work together.
We all have unique paths to follow in life.
We all have unique qualities that can't be measured.
We all have unique stories to tell.
We all have views. That's stating the obvious.
We all haven't seen each other for quite some time.
We all heard it.
We all heard the sound.
We all held our breath while we watched it.
We all helped Tom dig the hole.
We all helped Tom harvest his corn.
We all helped with the harvest.
We all hid together.
We all hope I'm right.
We all hope Mary can take care of herself.
We all hope Mary does what she says she'll do.
We all hope Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
We all hope Tom and Mary do what they say they'll do.
We all hope Tom and Mary don't get lost.
We all hope Tom and Mary get better soon.
We all hope Tom and Mary get well soon.
We all hope Tom and Mary win the race.
We all hope Tom can do that.
We all hope Tom can swim.
We all hope Tom can take care of Mary.
We all hope Tom can take care of himself.
We all hope Tom can win.
We all hope Tom does that.
We all hope Tom does what he says he'll do.
We all hope Tom doesn't get lost.
We all hope Tom gets better soon.
We all hope Tom gets well soon.
We all hope Tom is feeling better.
We all hope Tom will get well soon.
We all hope Tom wins the race.
We all hope for peace.
We all hope that I'm right.
We all hope that Tom does that.
We all hope that Tom gets well soon.
We all hope that Tom is feeling better.
We all hope that one day all this will be over.
We all hope that one day this will all be over.
We all hope that this cease-fire will make for world peace.
We all hope that's true, but we think it likely isn't.
We all hope that's true.
We all hope this never happens again.
We all huddled in the corner of the room.
We all hugged Jonas.
We all hummed to the music.
We all identify as Algerian.
We all inherited diabetes from our ancestors.
We all joined in on the chorus.
We all jumped at the crashing noise.
We all jumped in the water.
We all jumped into the pool together.
We all jumped into the water at the same time.
We all just looked at them.
We all just love Tom.
We all just sat there and waited.
We all just want to be loved.
We all knelt down to pray.
We all knew Smokey Bear's watchword: "Only YOU can prevent forest fires."
We all knew Tom and Mary were bluffing.
We all knew Tom and Mary were in trouble, but none of us did anything to help.
We all knew Tom and Mary weren't bluffing.
We all knew Tom was bluffing.
We all knew Tom was in trouble, but none of us did anything to help.
We all knew Tom was telling the truth.
We all knew Tom wasn't bluffing.
We all knew Tom wasn't telling the truth.
We all knew about it.
We all knew gold was heavier than silver.
We all knew it would happen sooner or later.
We all knew it.
We all knew that Bob was on a wild-goose chase after Marge, because she was already happily engaged.
We all knew that Tom wanted to kiss Mary.
We all knew that gold was heavier than silver.
We all knew that it would happen sooner or later.
We all knew that sooner or later it would happen.
We all knew that would be an environmental catastrophe.
We all knew them.
We all knew what the risks were when we volunteered.
We all know Tom can't do that.
We all know Tom can't swim as well as Mary can.
We all know Tom can't swim as well as Mary.
We all know Tom can't swim.
We all know Tom didn't do that by himself.
We all know Tom didn't do that.
We all know Tom didn't win.
We all know Tom doesn't like Mary very much.
We all know Tom doesn't like Mary.
We all know Tom doesn't want to do that.
We all know Tom is good at volleyball.
We all know Tom is guilty.
We all know Tom is in love with Mary.
We all know Tom is the best French speaker in our class.
We all know Tom isn't willing to do that.
We all know Tom needs help.
We all know Tom sometimes does things like that.
We all know Tom sometimes eats too much.
We all know Tom used to live in Boston.
We all know Tom was doing that.
We all know Tom wasn't here yesterday.
We all know Tom will need help.
We all know Tom.
We all know about the historical rivalry between Algeria and Morocco.
We all know dogs like to gnaw on bones.
We all know eating a balanced diet is good for you.
We all know gold is heavier than silver.
We all know he was right after all.
We all know her.
We all know him.
We all know how dangerous that can be.
We all know how our story is going to end.
We all know how this is going to end.
We all know how to speak French.
We all know how you feel about Tom.
We all know how you feel.
We all know how you must feel.
We all know it won't work.
We all know it.
We all know more than we think we do.
We all know more than we think we know.
We all know no one's perfect.
We all know nobody's perfect.
We all know radishes are red and have green leaves.
We all know that I am not ill and perverted.
We all know that Mendel was way ahead of his time.
We all know that Tom and Mary are guilty.
We all know that Tom can't do that.
We all know that Tom can't swim as well as Mary can.
We all know that Tom can't swim as well as Mary.
We all know that Tom can't swim.
We all know that Tom didn't do that by himself.
We all know that Tom didn't do that.
We all know that Tom didn't win.
We all know that Tom doesn't like Mary very much.
We all know that Tom doesn't like Mary.
We all know that Tom doesn't want to do that.
We all know that Tom is good at volleyball.
We all know that Tom is guilty.
We all know that Tom is in love with Mary.
We all know that Tom is the best French speaker in our class.
We all know that Tom isn't willing to do that.
We all know that Tom sometimes does things like that.
We all know that Tom sometimes eats too much.
We all know that Tom used to live in Australia.
We all know that Tom used to live in Boston.
We all know that Tom was doing that.
We all know that Tom wasn't here yesterday.
We all know that Tom will need help.
We all know that blue-eyed red-heads are sensitive to sunshine, burning more readily than dark-skinned people.
We all know that dogs like to gnaw on bones.
We all know that eating a balanced diet is good for you.
We all know that giraffes are tall.
We all know that he was way ahead of his time.
We all know that he's the richest man in our city.
We all know that isn't going to happen.
We all know that it's better to keep early hours.
We all know that it’s better to keep early hours.
We all know that no one is perfect.
We all know that no one's perfect.
We all know that nobody's perfect.
We all know that people leave more in the summer.
We all know that politicians sometimes lie.
We all know that that isn't going to happen.
We all know that that's not going to happen.
We all know that the al-Aqsa Mosque is a holy site.
We all know that the al-Aqsa Mosque is the third holiest Muslim site in the world.
We all know that timing is important.
We all know that you can learn a language best by using it.
We all know that you don't drink.
We all know that you don't eat meat.
We all know that you're angry.
We all know that you're smart.
We all know that's not going to happen.
We all know that's not true.
We all know that.
We all know the Islamophobic narrative.
We all know the rest of the story.
We all know them.
We all know this.
We all know timing is important.
We all know what Tom did.
We all know what Tom meant.
We all know what happened here.
We all know what to do.
We all know what we owe to our country. The tax department lets us know.
We all know what'll happen.
We all know what's going on here.
We all know what's going to happen next.
We all know where you live.
We all know who did that.
We all know who that man is.
We all know who they are.
We all know why you did that.
We all know why you're here.
We all know why.
We all know you don't drink.
We all know you don't eat meat.
We all know you go to the cinema to watch "Twilight" because of its "brilliant script" and not because of its actors.
We all know you were wrong.
We all know you're angry.
We all know you're smart.
We all know you.
We all know.
We all labour against our own cure; for death is the cure of all disease.
We all laughed about it later.
We all laughed about that.
We all laughed and laughed.
We all laughed at Tom.
We all laughed at his joke.
We all laughed at his pink tuxedo.
We all laughed when we saw Tom doing that.
We all laughed when we saw what Tom was doing.
We all laughed.
We all learn by experience.
We all learned a little.
We all learned about these matters at school.
We all learned the poem by heart.
We all left at the same time.
We all let it happen.
We all lie to ourselves.
We all lie.
We all like Tom a lot.
We all like Tom.
We all like cycling.
We all like free stuff, right?
We all like her.
We all like him.
We all like to be appreciated.
We all like to ride bikes.
We all like to see people seasick when we are not, ourselves.
We all like weird stuff.
We all like you a lot.
We all like you.
We all liked Tom.
We all liked her.
We all liked him.
We all liked them.
We all liked you.
We all lined up behind Tom.
We all live in Boston.
We all live in Europe.
We all live in Kabylie, Algeria.
We all live in different worlds.
We all live in the same dorm.
We all live in the same dormitory.
We all live in the same dorms.
We all live in the same hall of residence.
We all live in the same halls.
We all live in the same house.
We all live in the same neighborhood.
We all live on planet Earth.
We all live on the earth.
We all live on the same planet.
We all live there.
We all live together in an old house on Park Street.
We all live under the same sky, but we do not have the same horizon.
We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
We all live under the same sky, but we don’t all have the same horizon.
We all live under the same sun, yet we don't share the same horizon.
We all live within a five minutes' walk from each other.
We all live, at any rate for a time, and the majority of us always, in polygamy. Consequently, as each man needs many women, nothing is more just than to let him, nay, make it incumbent upon him to provide for many women. By this means woman will be brought back to her proper and natural place as a subordinate being.
We all lived in the same neighborhood.
We all lived together in a one-room cabin.
We all long for our graduation.
We all look for happiness, but without knowing where to find it: like drunkards who look for their house, knowing dimly that they have one.
We all look out for each other.
We all looked at each other.
We all looked at the window.
We all looked at them.
We all looked in that direction.
We all looked out the window to see what was happening.
We all looked out the window.
We all looked over our shoulders at the same time.
We all looked through the window.
We all love Algeria.
We all love Algiers.
We all love America.
We all love Australia.
We all love Boston.
We all love Kabylia.
We all love Kabylie.
We all love Tom.
We all love her.
We all love him.
We all love lists.
We all love that black cat.
We all love them.
We all love you.
We all loved Tom.
We all loved baseball.
We all loved her.
We all loved him.
We all loved them.
We all made it back safely.
We all made preparation for the meeting.
We all make decisions based on our personal experiences.
We all make excuses.
We all make fools of ourselves at times.
We all make mistakes, but people forget them.
We all make mistakes, don't we?
We all make mistakes, except me of course.
We all make mistakes, except me.
We all make mistakes, right?
We all make mistakes.
We all mess up.
We all met in Algiers.
We all met in class.
We all miss Tom so much.
We all miss Tom.
We all miss her a lot.
We all miss her.
We all miss him a lot.
We all miss him.
We all miss them a lot.
We all miss them very much.
We all miss them.
We all miss you so much.
We all miss you very much.
We all miss you.
We all missed Tom.
We all missed her.
We all missed him.
We all missed the meeting.
We all missed the target.
We all missed them.
We all missed you.
We all mourned for the people killed in the accident.
We all mourned for those who perished in the accident.
We all must abide by laws to live in any society.
We all must die some day.
We all must die.
We all must stand up against this.
We all need a hug from time to time.
We all need a hug once in a while.
We all need a little rest.
We all need a shoulder to cry on sometimes.
We all need a shoulder to cry on.
We all need a star to steer our lives by.
We all need air and water to live.
We all need help from time to time.
We all need help.
We all need jobs.
We all need love.
We all need more sleep!
We all need to be careful.
We all need to be extremely careful.
We all need to be more careful.
We all need to be very careful.
We all need to calm down.
We all need to distance ourselves from the racists.
We all need to do better this year.
We all need to do more.
We all need to feel like we matter.
We all need to have a dream.
We all need to learn to deal with this situation.
We all need to learn to live together.
We all need to leave before Tom and Mary get back.
We all need to leave before Tom gets back.
We all need to lighten up a little.
We all need to live life to the fullest.
We all need to lose weight.
We all need to pay closer attention to what Tom and Mary say.
We all need to pay closer attention to what Tom says.
We all need to pay it forward.
We all need to remain calm.
We all need to stay calm.
We all need to stay healthy.
We all need to stay together.
We all need to work together.
We all need to work together. We're on the same team.
We all need variety in our diet.
We all need you.
We all noticed it.
We all owe her a great deal.
We all paid our bills.
We all participated at the party.
We all passed the exam.
We all passed the test.
We all pigged out at the company Christmas party, especially on the roast beef.
We all piled into Tom's station wagon.
We all pitched in to cover the fuel.
We all plan to meet at the bus stop at noon.
We all played together.
We all played well.
We all pondered over what had taken place.
We all put on our seat belts.
We all put our weapons away.
We all quit.
We all raise sheep, goats, and yaks.
We all ran away from Tom.
We all ran for it.
We all ran out of our tent.
We all read books.
We all recognise your intelligence.
We all recognize that.
We all regard Thomas Edison as a great inventor.
We all regarded the situation as serious.
We all regret what happened.
We all rejoice.
We all remember Tom's smile.
We all remember what happened the last time we were here.
We all respect Tom.
We all returned home.
We all rushed outside.
We all said hello to her as she came in.
We all said no.
We all sang "Happy Birthday."
We all sang in unison.
We all sang together.
We all sat around the fire.
We all sat around the table.
We all sat around watching the fire and basking in the calmness.
We all sat down at the table and started talking.
We all sat in the back.
We all sat.
We all saw Tom doing that.
We all saw Tom kissing Mary.
We all saw Tom push Mary into the pool.
We all saw Tom.
We all saw him!
We all saw him.
We all saw it!
We all saw it.
We all saw that.
We all saw the accident.
We all saw them recently.
We all screamed together.
We all screw up.
We all searched high and low for the missing documents, but they were never found.
We all see the same sun.
We all see the same thing.
We all seek comfort.
We all seem to be getting on pretty well.
We all self-censor, often without even realising it, that is, we tailor our words and actions to suit the occasion.
We all shall die sooner or later.
We all share the heartfelt wish that he and all the others will pass the admission examination.
We all share your pain.
We all shared a good laugh about it.
We all shared scary stories.
We all should be so lucky.
We all should convert to Islam.
We all should remember how important it is to keep our sense of humour throughout life.
We all shuddered from the great shock.
We all signed up for it.
We all sin.
We all sing.
We all slept over at Kalman's house.
We all speak Berber as a first language.
We all speak Berber.
We all speak English.
We all speak French here.
We all speak French.
We all speak Spanish.
We all speak Taiwanese at home.
We all speak Tamazight.
We all speak a little Dutch.
We all speak for ourselves.
We all speak the same language that we call Berber.
We all spoke French.
We all sprang out with the exception of Holmes, who continued to lean back with his eyes fixed upon the sky in front of him, entirely absorbed in his own thoughts.
We all squeezed into Igor's Toyota Yaris.
We all stand by you to the last.
We all stared at James.
We all stared at Tom.
We all stared at her.
We all stared at him.
We all stared at them.
We all started hugging and kissing each other.
We all started to cry.
We all started to laugh.
We all stayed in the sitting room.
We all stayed silent.
We all stood and headed for the door.
We all stood and sang the national anthem.
We all stood around the campfire, trying to stay warm.
We all stood as still as we could.
We all stood up at once.
We all stood up.
We all stood.
We all strive for success.
We all struggled to stay alive.
We all stuck together.
We all suffer from it to some degree.
We all suffered.
We all support Tom.
We all suspect him of murder.
We all think that we're unique.
We all think that your idea isn't practical.
We all think that's no excuse.
We all think that.
We all thought Tom and Mary were crazy.
We all thought Tom was crazy.
We all thought Tom was having a heart attack.
We all thought Tom would be here tonight.
We all thought he was crazy.
We all thought it difficult to execute the plan.
We all thought it strange that she had ditched such a pleasant guy.
We all thought it was hilarious.
We all thought it would be impossible to do that.
We all thought it would be impossible.
We all thought she was devoid of sense.
We all thought so.
We all thought that Tom had escaped.
We all thought that Tom might kill himself.
We all thought that Tom was having a heart attack.
We all thought that nothing would go wrong.
We all thought that that was extremely funny.
We all thought that was extremely funny.
We all thought the movie was interesting.
We all thought you were married.
We all took for granted that the professor could speak English.
We all took him to be a great scholar.
We all took it for granted that Tom could speak French.
We all took it for granted that the professor could speak English.
We all trust you.
We all try hard to make the grade in life, but only a few succeed.
We all try to get together at least once a year.
We all understand that.
We all understand the stakes.
We all understand.
We all understood the stakes.
We all use towels every day.
We all voted for Tom.
We all waited in silence.
We all walked back to the van and got in.
We all want Tom to be happy.
We all want Tom to be successful.
We all want a better future for Algeria.
We all want a new car or a new phone.
We all want answers.
We all want changes.
We all want different things.
We all want her to be happy.
We all want him to be happy.
We all want jobs.
We all want peace.
We all want prices to come down.
We all want prices to decline.
We all want prices to fall.
We all want prices to go down.
We all want something.
We all want sustainable world peace.
We all want that.
We all want the same thing to happen.
We all want the same thing.
We all want the same things out of life.
We all want the same things.
We all want them to be happy.
We all want to be current.
We all want to be desired.
We all want to be forever young.
We all want to be happy.
We all want to be liked.
We all want to be rescued.
We all want to do that this afternoon.
We all want to do that.
We all want to do the same thing.
We all want to find love!
We all want to go home.
We all want to go to Boston.
We all want to go to Kabylie.
We all want to go with you.
We all want to have knowledge.
We all want to know why you weren't here yesterday.
We all want to know why.
We all want to learn more about Algeria.
We all want to live in a just world.
We all want to make the world a better place.
We all want to play Jenga.
We all want to stay healthy.
We all want to succeed.
We all want what we can't have.
We all want what's best for this country.
We all want you back.
We all want you to be happy.
We all wanted revenge.
We all wanted to know the answer to the same question.
We all wanted to know why Tom couldn't come.
We all watch way too much TV.
We all watched Tom drive off.
We all watched a movie together.
We all watched what was happening.
We all wear masks; which one is yours?
We all wear uniforms to school.
We all went as well as him.
We all went home after that.
We all went home together.
We all went home.
We all went in search of gold.
We all went into the dining room.
We all went into the hallway to talk and then we went to our respective classes.
We all went out yesterday.
We all went quickly aboard.
We all went to Gunter's grave together.
We all went to sleep after that.
We all went to sleep at five am.
We all went to sleep at nine.
We all went to sleep.
We all went to the mosque.
We all went to the party except Joe.
We all went to the same high school.
We all went to the same school in Kabylie.
We all went to the same secondary school.
We all went to the theater to watch a play.
We all will eventually die.
We all wish for happiness.
We all wish for permanent world peace.
We all wish you were here with us.
We all wished each other good luck.
We all wished each other luck.
We all wished for peace.
We all witnessed the unfortunate incident involving Tom.
We all wondered where Tom had been.
We all wondered where Tom was.
We all wondered why Tom wasn't there.
We all wondered why she had dumped such a nice man.
We all work for Sonatrach.
We all work long hours.
We all work together.
We all work too hard.
We all work.
We all worked at the company by the hour.
We all worked hard.
We all worked really hard.
We all worked together on the farm.
We all worry about Algeria's future.
We all worship our teacher, whom we seek to appease with perfect test scores and spotless homework.
We all would agree with that.
We all would be better today.
We all would sure love to see that happen.
We allow it!
We allowed poverty to propagate.
We allowed some things to happen that we shouldn't have.
We allowed them no respite.
We almost always only speak to each other in French.
We almost always speak to each other in French.
We almost bought it in there.
We almost broke our necks trying to meet the quota.
We almost didn't do that.
We almost didn't get there on time.
We almost didn't make it to the church on time.
We almost drowned.
We almost fell.
We almost forgot our money.
We almost forgot the appointment.
We almost forgot to take money with us.
We almost froze to death.
We almost gave the teacher a heart attack.
We almost gave up hope.
We almost got arrested for doing that.
We almost got away.
We almost got caught a few times.
We almost got caught.
We almost got them where we want them.
We almost got there on time.
We almost had Tom convinced he should do that.
We almost had Tom convinced that he should do that.
We almost had Tom convinced.
We almost had a fight.
We almost had it.
We almost knocked the cake over.
We almost laughed.
We almost left.
We almost lost everything.
We almost lost our minds.
We almost missed the deadline.
We almost missed the train.
We almost never eat out.
We almost never have guests.
We almost never see Canadians here.
We almost never see rabbits around here.
We almost never sit on our porch in the winter.
We almost never speak to each other in French.
We almost suspended the wrong student.
We almost weren't able to do that.
We almost won.
We alone cannot do anything.
We alone will decide that.
We already ate.
We already bought stamps on Monday.
We already covered that.
We already delete spam and nonsense. What a violation of free speech!
We already did that.
We already discussed Algeria.
We already figured that out.
We already gave it to you.
We already have a buyer.
We already have a perfectly good plan.
We already have enough to worry about.
We already have everything we need.
We already have one.
We already have the championship in our hands.
We already have three events booked for next week.
We already have your name on the list.
We already knew that.
We already knew.
We already know Tom has been arrested.
We already know Tom is unique.
We already know each other.
We already know how to terraform Mars.
We already know how to warm Mars.
We already know that Tom has been arrested.
We already know that you did it.
We already know that you did that.
We already know that.
We already know the truth.
We already know you did it.
We already know you did that.
We already know.
We already looked over there.
We already miss Tom.
We already ordered pizza.
We already sang that song.
We already saw it.
We already speak Berber.
We already spoke to him about it.
We already spoke to the principal.
We already talked to police.
We already talked.
We already touched on that earlier.
We already tried that.
We already tried.
We also accept pre-orders for boxed lunches. Call us anytime during business hours. We look forward to serving you.
We also assess analytical ability.
We also camped in Kabylie, Algeria.
We also did amputations. We had to do them.
We also do that.
We also express our profound gratitude to all the police and first responders who rushed into harm’s way. Their courage and professionalism saved lives, and kept the carnage from being even worse.
We also failed to find gold in the brook.
We also find that.
We also found this.
We also had a family dog.
We also had ice cream.
We also had problems in the past, but this time it's of a different order of magnitude.
We also have a horse.
We also have a mosque.
We also have digits on our feet.
We also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military has changed.
We also have lenses in our assortment.
We also have lentils in our assortment.
We also have to cast off the evil eye from her every so often.
We also have to make sure that it is not easy for somebody who decides they want to harm people in this country to be able to obtain weapons to get at them.
We also invited the child's mother to Seoul.
We also like this.
We also mentioned a plethora of regional crises.
We also met with Carolyn Strauss, the cultural counselor of the embassy. She told us more about the exhibit.
We also need the audio.
We also pray thee, to forgive the servants of the God of thy father this wickedness. And when Joseph heard this, he wept.
We also spotted Barbary macaques in the Yakourene forest, in northeastern Algeria.
We also think that Tom did that.
We also think that Tom might've done that.
We also think that Tom will do that.
We also think that he's a bastard.
We also thought so.
We also used toys for purposes other than those which the designer had in mind.
We also went to the temple.
We also went.
We also worked at a restaurant in the evening.
We also write Chinese characters very well.
We alternated in cleaning the room.
We alternated two hours of work and ten minutes of rest.
We alternated with each other in driving the car.
We always argued.
We always arrive late.
We always associate snow with skiing.
We always begin with the hardest problems.
We always believe in sweet words of love when they're said with our eyes.
We always biked.
We always blame other people.
We always buy UHT milk.
We always buy long-life milk.
We always counted on Adriano to make a delicious steak.
We always deliver more than we promise.
We always eat breakfast in the kitchen.
We always eat dinner at 6:30.
We always eat dinner at home.
We always eat dinner at the same time.
We always eat together.
We always eat well.
We always end the night with a group hug.
We always fear what we don't know.
We always fight over silly things.
We always find a reason to laugh.
We always find time to talk to each other.
We always get a lot of complaints this time of year.
We always get a lot of donations this time of year.
We always get a lot of mosquitoes this time of year.
We always get a lot of rain this time of year.
We always get a lot of snow this time of year.
We always get a lot of tourists this time of year.
We always get a lot of visitors this time of year.
We always go home together.
We always go through Amish country instead of taking the turnpike.
We always go to bed late when we visit a foreign country.
We always go to church on Christmas Eve.
We always go to the library on Thursday.
We always go to the mountains at the weekend.
We always go to the mountains at weekends.
We always go to the movies on weekends.
We always got everything we wanted.
We always got what we wanted.
We always had fun.
We always had stuff to talk about.
We always had to put on a safety belt in case we had an accident.
We always had to struggle.
We always have a choice.
We always have a good time in the morning.
We always have a lot of fun when we visit Boston.
We always have a meeting on the last Monday of the month.
We always have a party on his birthday.
We always have enough time if we manage it well.
We always have enough time if we use it correctly.
We always have fun together.
We always have lots to talk about.
We always have options.
We always have something to say.
We always have something to talk about.
We always have tea.
We always have to follow the rules.
We always have to make efforts to reach our goals.
We always have to obey the rules.
We always have to pay more.
We always hear people asking when they'll meet someone who'll help turn their life around, but why not ask instead who isn't that someone?
We always help each other out.
We always hope for the best.
We always hope.
We always jogged.
We always keep a fire extinguisher in the kitchen.
We always keep our promises.
We always keep our room neat.
We always kept our promises.
We always knew Tom was no good.
We always knew he would steal from the store.
We always knew that eventually this would happen.
We always knew you were like this when your mask was off. Ten years ago, you denied it, but we knew history.
We always leave that window closed.
We always leave the door of the yurt open to welcome people.
We always let our dog sleep inside.
We always like what we don't have.
We always lock our doors.
We always look forward to Tom's annual visit.
We always looked down on Tom.
We always looked down on him.
We always love best the people who need us.
We always love the people that admire us, but not always the ones we admire.
We always love those who admire us and we do not always love those we admire.
We always may be what we might have been.
We always need others even if one is in adequacy with oneself me. The doubt! We also say, better to be wrong together than to be right alone.
We always paid in cash.
We always pay the same amount.
We always play tennis on Saturday morning.
We always quarrel.
We always read the Michelin Guide before our road trips.
We always return to where we come from.
We always said no sex.
We always say that.
We always see Tom when we go to Boston.
We always shout when we are angry.
We always sing in the classroom.
We always speak French at home.
We always speak in Berber.
We always speak in French.
We always spend our vacation by the sea.
We always spend time with Mom.
We always spoke the truth.
We always stay in this hotel.
We always strive to move forward and open up new horizons.
We always take a bus.
We always take care of each other, despite the dumb fights.
We always take it easy on Sundays.
We always take the bad to avoid the worst.
We always talk with them.
We always talked about a lot of things after school.
We always tell each other everything.
We always treated you well.
We always triumph.
We always try our best.
We always try to connect with people.
We always try to help other people.
We always try to help people like that.
We always try to make sure Tom is included.
We always try to take our customers' likes and dislikes into account.
We always visit our grandparents during the holidays.
We always walk by the post office on the way to work.
We always want what we can't have.
We always want what we don't have.
We always wanted Tom back.
We always wanted a big family.
We always wanted to live in Kabylie.
We always wear black clothes.
We always wear helmets.
We always went in opposite directions.
We always went to see a movie on Saturday night.
We always win.
We always work together.
We always worked together.
We ambushed Tom.
We ambushed several hundred of their new J-37 robots behind enemy lines in a staging area and we destroyed them all by sending a herd of explosive laden sheep through their encampment.
We ambushed them.
We amused ourselves by playing games.
We amused ourselves playing cards.
We analyzed it from an Islamic angle.
We analyzed the results.
We analyzed the themes of the book.
We anarchists do not want to emancipate the people; we want the people to emancipate themselves.
We anchored 30 yards from the shore.
We annoyed Mina.
We answered nothing.
We answered our country's call.
We answered the call.
We answered without hesitation.
We anticipate a heavy rainfall tomorrow.
We anticipate it with much pleasure.
We anticipate success.
We anticipate the theater festival with enthusiasm.
We anticipated where the enemy would attack.
We anxiously wait to see it again.
We apologise for any inconvenience caused.
We apologise for the inconvenience.
We apologise in advance.
We apologised to each other.
We apologize for Tom's rudeness.
We apologize for any inconvenience.
We apologize for his rudeness.
We apologize for the delay and regret any inconvenience it may have caused.
We apologize for the delay.
We apologize for the error.
We apologize for the inconvenience.
We apologize for the mistake and promise that it won't happen again.
We apologize for the mistake and promise that it won’t happen again.
We apologize for the mistake.
We apologize for this inconvenience.
We apologize to you for the inconvenience caused.
We apologize.
We apologized to Mom publicly.
We apologized to Tom.
We apologized to each other.
We apologized to the teachers.
We apologized to the waitress.
We apologized.
We appealed to our teacher to go more slowly.
We appear to be out of danger.
We appear to be running low on milk.
We appeared unarmed.
We applaud the decision to lower taxes.
We applauded his honesty.
We applauded the musicians.
We applauded the performer.
We applauded.
We applied the rule correctly.
We applied to law school.
We applied weather stripping around our windows to keep the cold air out.
We apply the latest methods for diagnosis and treatment.
We appointed Mr Wood chairman.
We appointed Tom as our representative.
We appointed Tom chairman.
We appointed him as our representative.
We appreciate all your hard work.
We appreciate each other's views, even when we disagree.
We appreciate everything you have done.
We appreciate everything you've done.
We appreciate her talent.
We appreciate her.
We appreciate his difficulties.
We appreciate his talent.
We appreciate it.
We appreciate life for what it has to offer.
We appreciate quality.
We appreciate that.
We appreciate the advice.
We appreciate the opportunity you've given us to learn more about your organization.
We appreciate the opportunity you’ve given us to learn more about your organization.
We appreciate the possessions of others.
We appreciate the support we get from Tom.
We appreciate the support.
We appreciate the trust they have in us.
We appreciate the warning.
We appreciate them.
We appreciate you coming.
We appreciate you visiting our website!
We appreciate your asking a question rather than making an assumption.
We appreciate your assistance.
We appreciate your being here.
We appreciate your coming.
We appreciate your continued support.
We appreciate your cooperation in this.
We appreciate your cooperation.
We appreciate your feedback.
We appreciate your hard work.
We appreciate your help.
We appreciate your interest in PT Journal.
We appreciate your interest in our company.
We appreciate your interest.
We appreciate your kind advice.
We appreciate your patience.
We appreciate your promptness.
We appreciate your support.
We appreciate your time.
We appreciate your understanding.
We appreciated it a lot.
We appreciated the possessions of others.
We appreciated their patience.
We appreciated your helping out.
We approached Mina.
We approached the Algerian-Tunisian border.
We approached the front door as quietly as we could.
We approached the rocks.
We are 5 in my family.
We are Algerian and that's it.
We are Algerian.
We are Algerians from Kabylie.
We are Americans.
We are Amish.
We are Arabic.
We are Arabs.
We are Australian.
We are Australians.
We are Berbers from North Africa.
We are Chaouis.
We are Czech.
We are Dutch.
We are Emperor of the World.
We are Emperor.
We are Empress.
We are English.
We are European.
We are French teachers.
We are French.
We are God's wheat.
We are God’s wheat.
We are Hungarians.
We are Italians; we always use our hands.
We are Kabyle and Algeria is our only country.
We are Kabyle people.
We are Kabyle.
We are Kabyles and we are Algerian.
We are Kabyles from Algeria.
We are Kabyles, from Kabylie, Algeria.
We are Kabyles.
We are King.
We are Magyar people.
We are Magyars.
We are Moroccans.
We are Muslim.
We are Muslims and that's it.
We are Muslims.
We are Noldor. I’m Hísiel. Are you one of the Sindar?
We are OK now.
We are OK.
We are Portuguese, and you?
We are Queen.
We are Russians, and you?
We are Russians.
We are Slovaks.
We are Spartans.
We are Swabians. That justifies everything.
We are Syrians.
We are Tunisians.
We are Vietnamese.
We are a colony of artificial intelligences, or 'robots', as you like to call us.
We are a conservative people.
We are a couple.
We are a family of five.
We are a family of four.
We are a family.
We are a fortress.
We are a happy couple who've been together for more than twenty years.
We are a homogeneous community.
We are a light for the sight.
We are a long way from home.
We are a long way from the center.
We are a lot stronger than you thought.
We are a nation that stands for the rule of law.
We are a part of Nature, not apart from Nature.
We are a part of a community of thousands of current and former members of This Group.
We are a peace-loving nation.
We are a people as all other peoples; we do not have any intentions to be better than the rest. As one of the first conditions for equality we demand the right to have our own villains, exactly as other people have them.
We are a people born of many peoples.
We are a people.
We are a perfect match.
We are a special bunch.
We are a special crowd.
We are a suicide prevention organization.
We are a team.
We are a way for the cosmos to know itself.
We are able to deliver within a week.
We are abnormal.
We are about to go to war.
We are about to land.
We are about to leave here.
We are about to sit down to dinner.
We are about your age.
We are absolutely not mad at you, but we want you to leave us alone.
We are abusing our power.
We are abusing our powers.
We are accustomed to wearing shoes.
We are acquainted with his family.
We are acquiring a bit of elephant ivory in that market of Saigon.
We are active.
We are adamant.
We are adding examples in Berber.
We are adding new proverbs to the dictionary.
We are adjourned until 2:30.
We are adopted.
We are adopting that girl.
We are advocates of the abolition of war; we do not want war. But war can only be abolished through war, and in order to get rid of the gun it is necessary to take up the gun.
We are affiliated with a franchise that installed over a million dollars in solar last year.
We are affiliated with the new joint venture company.
We are afraid of death.
We are afraid of losing everything.
We are afraid of what Tom might do.
We are afraid that our new address is not registered on your database.
We are afraid.
We are against Tom working with us.
We are against globalization.
We are against that.
We are against war.
We are against working on Sundays.
We are aging.
We are agreeable to your conditions.
We are agreed that we start early.
We are agreed to accept his proposal.
We are aiming at establishing the five-day workweek.
We are aiming at the pigeons.
We are aiming for an integrated development zone that combines business and industrial quarters.
We are alive?
We are all Algerian.
We are all Americans.
We are all Berbers here.
We are all accustomed to working late at night.
We are all acomplices.
We are all alike, on the inside.
We are all alone.
We are all animals.
We are all anxious about your health.
We are all apt to be careless at times.
We are all as safe as we want to be.
We are all at different levels.
We are all atheists about most of the gods that humanity has ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further.
We are all atheists about most of the gods that societies have ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further.
We are all between 22 and 30 years old.
We are all bewildered by her inconstancy.
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid.
We are all born mad.
We are all but ready for the cold winter.
We are all capable of loving and being loved at the moment of our birth.
We are all convinced of his innocence.
We are all convinced of his success.
We are all convinced that he's guilty.
We are all convinced that he’s guilty.
We are all descendants of the Portuguese.
We are all doomed.
We are all eager for him to win the Nobel prize.
We are all eager for world peace.
We are all eager to know the truth.
We are all eager to see the movie.
We are all eager to watch the movie.
We are all entitled to know what's going on in here.
We are all equal before the law, but the rich often have a big advantage.
We are all equal before the law.
We are all equal here.
We are all equal in the face of death.
We are all equal.
We are all excited about the concert.
We are all foreigners in other countries.
We are all fragments of the universal consciousness.
We are all friends here.
We are all friends.
We are all gods.
We are all going to Kabylie.
We are all going to die at some point.
We are all going to die one day.
We are all going to die, aren't we?
We are all going to die.
We are all going to hell.
We are all happy to help.
We are all happy.
We are all here on the ranch.
We are all here.
We are all humans.
We are all impatient for our holiday.
We are all imperfect. We cannot expect perfect government.
We are all in agreement.
We are all in daily pursuit of happiness.
We are all in grave danger.
We are all in terrible danger.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
We are all in the hand of God.
We are all in the same boat.
We are all in the same position.
We are all in the same situation.
We are all in this together.
We are all just people.
We are all liable to disease.
We are all liable to make mistakes.
We are all living this life for the first time.
We are all longing for peace in the world.
We are all looking forward to seeing you and your family.
We are all looking forward to seeing you.
We are all looking forward to seeing your family.
We are all looking forward to your coming.
We are all lucky.
We are all meant to do good things.
We are all mortal.
We are all naked underneath our clothes.
We are all one on that point.
We are all out of cigarettes.
We are all part of the global economy.
We are all people.
We are all perpetual learners.
We are all poor swimmers with the possible exception of Jack.
We are all praying for Japan.
We are all products of our environment.
We are all proud of making small mistakes. It gives us the feeling that we aren’t making big ones.
We are all relatively tired.
We are all responsible before the law.
We are all responsible for this situation.
We are all screwed!
We are all set.
We are all single.
We are all sinners.
We are all sitting ducks with you.
We are all so fucking pumped!
We are all so simple at heart that become unfathomable to one another.
We are all sons and daughters of God.
We are all staying at the guesthouse.
We are all still clinging to the dreams of our youth.
We are all stupid, but in different fields.
We are all stupid, just on different subjects.
We are all supposed to know the traffic rules.
We are all suspicious about him.
We are all talk.
We are all tattooed in our cradles with the beliefs of our tribe; the record may seem superficial, but it is indelible.
We are all the same!
We are all the sons of one man: we are come as peaceable men, neither do thy servants go about any evil.
We are all thirsty.
We are all united in friendship.
We are all very scared.
We are all wet from sweating.
We are all wet from the sweat.
We are all women when we're in love.
We are alluding to war.
We are almost out of petrol.
We are almost there.
We are alone in believing that she is a beautiful woman.
We are alone.
We are already an hour home, but you still have not come to say hello!
We are already at home.
We are already coming.
We are already mounting it.
We are already training for the eating challenge!
We are already used to Tom's outbursts.
We are alright still.
We are also happy to launch it in Bangladesh.
We are always aiming at improving the quality of service.
We are always changing our minds.
We are always conscious of the signs.
We are always exposed to some kind of danger.
We are always getting away from the present moment. Our mental existences, which are immaterial and have no dimensions, are passing along the Time-Dimension with a uniform velocity from the cradle to the grave.
We are always getting ready to live but never living.
We are always grumbling.
We are always having dinner at the same time.
We are always hungry.
We are always in some kind of danger.
We are always in the warm bed.
We are always learning something.
We are always looking for new volunteers.
We are always moving with the earth.
We are always right.
We are always scorned.
We are always waiting for better times.
We are always watching you, Tom. You cannot hide from us.
We are always with you.
We are ambidextrous.
We are among Muslims.
We are among the best.
We are among them.
We are an art portal where writers, illustrators, poets, musicians coexist. They explore every Latin American territory and every writing style known.
We are an exclusive piccolo supplier for the entire west coast.
We are an independent nation.
We are an open community.
We are analysing the results of the survey.
We are anational people, or at least internationalists, and certainly anti-capitalists, international language supporters and Esperantists.
We are and the men are.
We are angry.
We are animals, and animals are humans.
We are annoyed at the constant noise.
We are annoying the teacher.
We are anticipating receiving a gift from our uncle.
We are anxious about her health.
We are anxious about her safety.
We are anxious about our daughter's health.
We are anxious about our daughter’s health.
We are anxious about your health.
We are anxious for news of your safe arrival.
We are anxious for peace.
We are anxious for their safety.
We are anxious for world peace.
We are anxious for your help.
We are anxious for your success in the examination.
We are apes and not cows.
We are applying butter to our bread.
We are approximately here.
We are apt to fall into the error of thinking that the facts are simple because simplicity is the goal of our quest.
We are apt to forget this fact.
We are apt to make mistakes.
We are apt to speak ill of others.
We are apt to waste time.
We are apt to watch TV, irrespective of what program is on.
We are apt to watch television, irrespective of what program is on.
We are arguing with the neighbors.
We are arrant knaves, all. Believe none of us.
We are arriving at the theater.
We are as smart as anyone else in their class.
We are asked not to question.
We are asked to introduce ourselves in turn.
We are asking Algeria to act now to solve this problem.
We are asking Algeria to act now.
We are asking the Algerian government to act now.
We are asking the mayor questions.
We are assembling the engine.
We are astonished at the shot.
We are at a gathering.
We are at home today.
We are at home.
We are at law school.
We are at present understaffed.
We are at school at the moment.
We are at school together.
We are at sea level here.
We are at such a critical stage.
We are at the beach.
We are at the boulevard St. Michel.
We are at the city gates.
We are at the end of the Age of Pisces and will be entering the Age of Aquarius.
We are at the gate.
We are at war with the virus and we are not winning.
We are at war.
We are at work again.
We are at work.
We are at your disposal for any further clarification.
We are attempting to spread the word of Islam to those who don't know it.
We are attracted by what you are.
We are attracted to your personality.
We are authorized to use force if necessary.
We are available!
We are available.
We are awaiting impatiently the arrival of our dear friend.
We are awaiting the release of the novel.
We are awaiting visitors tonight.
We are awaiting your answer.
We are awake.
We are aware of Algeria's water needs.
We are aware of the error and are working on a solution.
We are aware that the Hungarian name form and the English name form are different.
We are aware they don't love us.
We are away.
We are awfully fed up with his long speech.
We are babies in his eyes.
We are back in Algeria.
We are back in school again after the holidays are over.
We are badly in need of food.
We are badly in want of water.
We are bakers.
We are baking a delicious cake.
We are baking carrot cake.
We are baking cookies.
We are baking in the kitchen.
We are banking on fine weather for the sports day.
We are barbarians.
We are barking like dogs.
We are basically writing in hieroglyphics without being aware of it.
We are basketball players.
We are basking in the summer sun.
We are battling creatures from another world.
We are beating our donkeys.
We are beautiful.
We are becoming very aware of the dangers of secondhand smoke.
We are bedridden with fever.
We are begging Linda.
We are beginning our descent.
We are behind schedule.
We are being attacked by an unknown enemy.
We are being helped.
We are being recorded. Are you OK with that?
We are beside ourselves with joy.
We are best friends.
We are better and more diligent than all of you.
We are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader.
We are better off than we used to be.
We are better than this.
We are bleating like sheep.
We are blessed with domestic tranquillity and all the elements of national prosperity.
We are blind to our blindness.
We are blind to our own blindness.
We are blindly following them.
We are blinking our eyes.
We are blond.
We are boiling water.
We are bored with the joke of professorial custom.
We are bored.
We are born artists.
We are born crying, spend our lives complaining, and die disappointed.
We are born of love; love is our mother.
We are born sinners and we die sinners.
We are born, we live, and then comes the end.
We are both adults.
We are both friends.
We are both from Algeria.
We are both from Boston.
We are both her boyfriend and girlfriend.
We are both her boyfriends.
We are both her girlfriends.
We are both in the same class.
We are both looking for something that isn't there.
We are both looking for something that isn’t there.
We are both the same age.
We are both their lovers.
We are both to blame.
We are bound for Domestic terminal 1. We will not be making any stops at the International terminal, so please take care.
We are bound to each other by a close friendship.
We are bound to make mistakes from time to time.
We are bound to obey laws.
We are bound to obey the law.
We are boys.
We are bragging about our new boat.
We are braying like donkeys.
We are breakfasting at seven, if you would like to join us.
We are breaking our heads, and you take advantage of it; as much for you. You even deserve better!
We are breast-feeding our babies.
We are breathing pure air.
We are bringing down the old house.
We are brother and sister.
We are brothers indivisible like the fingers of a hand.
We are brothers inseparable like the fingers of a hand.
We are brothers united like the fingers of a hand.
We are brothers, you and I.
We are brothers.
We are building a bridge.
We are building a house.
We are building your house in compliance with your wishes.
We are busy men.
We are busy people.
We are busy preparing for our wedding and honeymoon.
We are busy, Tom.
We are but creatures of our master's will.
We are but men, not gods.
We are but naught save creatures of the will of our master.
We are buying food.
We are buying movie tickets.
We are calculating the benefits.
We are calling back the manager.
We are calling the police.
We are calling your phone right now, please enter the digits you hear.
We are candid.
We are capable of reason.
We are carding the wool.
We are celebrating our silver wedding anniversary this year.
We are certainly the best.
We are changing our clothes.
We are changing the future.
We are charmed by your individuality.
We are checking our mailboxes.
We are cheeping like sparrows.
We are chewing.
We are children.
We are chipping in to buy a cake.
We are class presidents.
We are classmates.
We are clearing our backyard.
We are climbing the palm tree.
We are close like family.
We are close relatives.
We are closed for renovations.
We are closed tomorrow.
We are closed until further notice.
We are closer to the future than we imagine.
We are closing at 8 today. The reception desk will close at 7:50, so please complete all book returns, loans, and other exchanges by that time.
We are closing the store.
We are coating the wall with clay.
We are cognizant of the problem.
We are collaborators in creation.
We are collecting sentences and their translations in different languages.
We are collecting sentences and their translations in other languages.
We are collecting sentences and their translations into other languages.
We are collecting sentences and their translations. You can help us by translating or adding new sentences.
We are college football players now.
We are come to give ear to truth.
We are comfortable in our new house.
We are comfortably established in our new home.
We are comic book artists.
We are comic book writers.
We are coming at once.
We are coming back from Rome.
We are coming back!
We are coming from Rome.
We are coming home from school early.
We are coming not from Germany, but from Italy.
We are coming.
We are committed to our country's welfare.
We are committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment.
We are compatriots.
We are completely innocent in this matter.
We are completely lost.
We are concerned about Tom.
We are concerned about our planet.
We are concerned about the further actualization of current problems among youth, such as truancy, dislike of school and lack of appropriate character development.
We are concerned about the shortage of the commodities.
We are concerned about your health.
We are concerned.
We are confident of victory.
We are confronted with a complex situation.
We are confronted with a difficult situation.
We are confronted with the paradoxical fact that education has become one of the substantial hindrances to intelligence and freedom of thought.
We are conservative.
We are considering all the pros and cons before deciding what we will do.
We are consoling her mother.
We are consoling his mother.
We are constrained to and restrained from an action.
We are consumed by our remorse.
We are contemplating you.
We are content.
We are continuously losing blood.
We are cooing like pigeons.
We are cooking broccoli.
We are cooking on the coal stove and on the oil burners.
We are cooking something.
We are cooking.
We are correcting spelling mistakes.
We are counting down.
We are counting on spending two weeks in the Alps.
We are counting on you for financial help.
We are counting on you.
We are cousins.
We are crawling like babies.
We are cruising at an altitude of 39,000 feet.
We are crying.
We are currently boarding passengers in zone 1.
We are currently clean on OPSEC.
We are currently experiencing heavy loads on our servers.
We are currently experiencing some turbulence.
We are currently investigating the cause of the accident.
We are currently involved in making a game about stoat life, which will allow you to manage your stoat character from birth to death.
We are currently looking for individuals who have experience in customer service.
We are currently offline for maintenance.
We are currently working to restore normal service as soon as possible.
We are cursed by blind fate.
We are cut from the same cloth.
We are cutting the wood.
We are dancers.
We are dancing.
We are dating with a view to marriage.
We are dead tired.
We are decorating the conference room.
We are decorating the fir tree.
We are decorating the pottery.
We are deeply honored to host esteemed media professionals, thought leaders, and distinguished guests from around the world.
We are defending the same cause.
We are defenseless.
We are definitely leaving this country.
We are delighted at having been invited.
We are delighted at the news.
We are delighted with her presence.
We are delighted with our stay in Paris.
We are dependent on Russian gas.
We are dependent on each other.
We are depressed.
We are designing technology for common people.
We are desperate.
We are determined to protect the motherland.
We are determining the biological responses to unexpected changes in pressure.
We are different ages. He is older than me.
We are different but we have great mutual respect.
We are different from animals in that we can speak.
We are different heights. He is taller than me.
We are different people.
We are different.
We are digging a well in the backyard.
We are disappointed at the results.
We are disgusted by Tom's bad manners.
We are disgusted by his bad manners.
We are distinct from each other in taste.
We are distributing umbrellas because of the rain today.
We are disturbing Tom because he always disturbs us.
We are disturbing him.
We are doctors.
We are doing business at piecework payment basis.
We are doing business with many countries.
We are doing fine.
We are doing great.
We are doing something.
We are doing well at school.
We are done for!
We are done here.
We are doomed!
We are doomed.
We are doubtful about the train leaving on time.
We are doubtful that we will ever find the remains of the passengers of flight MH370 which presumably crashed into the Indian Ocean.
We are dozing off.
We are drawing animals right now.
We are drawing animals.
We are dreaming of a better future.
We are dreaming.
We are drilling the roof.
We are drinking grape-banana juice.
We are drinking milk.
We are drinking tea.
We are drinking.
We are driving the trucks into the garage.
We are driving.
We are drowning in information, while starving for wisdom.
We are drowning.
We are drunk.
We are dyeing our hair brown.
We are dying one after the other.
We are dying to know the details of his vacation.
We are each one, but together we are two.
We are easily distracted.
We are eating apples.
We are eating bread.
We are eating breakfast indoors.
We are eating breakfast inside.
We are eating dinner outdoors.
We are eating melba toast with pink sprinkles because it was a girl.
We are eating more vegetables.
We are eating now. Could you please call back later?
We are eating.
We are eight altogether.
We are eleven in all.
We are emotional creatures.
We are encouraged to use our imagination.
We are encouraged to use the power of our imagination.
We are engaged in a difficult task.
We are enjoying ourselves on the beach.
We are enjoying ourselves.
We are enraged.
We are entering a new phase in the war.
We are entering a vicious circle.
We are entering dangerous territory.
We are entering the classroom.
We are enthusiastic Hanshin Tigers fans.
We are entitled to vote at the age of 20.
We are entitled to vote at the age of twenty.
We are entrusted with the protection of children's rights.
We are entrusting you with a mission.
We are equal in the eyes of the law.
We are especially fortunate in being the possessors also of a field for archaeological study in the portion of the area occupied by the mound builders—the lost race, whose fate has a strange fascination for all who enquire into the condition of Ancient America.
We are estranged, and I want to know why.
We are even now watching over her, and the Methymnaeans shall not make her a slave, nor treat her as part of their spoil.
We are even.
We are ever brutal to those who love and serve us in silence.
We are everywhere.
We are exaggerating.
We are excited about having foreign Kendo students in Osaka.
We are excited about having you on our team.
We are excited about the move to the new building.
We are excited at the news.
We are excited by the news.
We are exercising.
We are exhausted by troubles.
We are expecting a baby.
We are expecting a lot of applicants for the job.
We are expecting an addition to our family.
We are expecting an occasional rainfall.
We are expecting company this evening.
We are expecting guests.
We are expecting him any moment.
We are expecting the experiment to produce results.
We are expecting the issue of his book.
We are expecting the publication of his book.
We are expecting you!
We are experienced announcers.
We are experienced.
We are experiencing a difficult and tragic time in the history of our country.
We are experiencing an unusually high volume of calls.
We are explaining something.
We are explaining.
We are exploring Mars.
We are exploring new sources, such as solar and atomic energy.
We are extremely competent.
We are faced with a difficult choice.
We are faced with a host of problems.
We are faced with a strange situation that does not fit democracy.
We are faced with a very sad situation.
We are faced with many difficulties.
We are faced with new kinds of diseases.
We are faced with the alternative of resistance or slavery.
We are faced with the alternatives of resistance or slavery.
We are facing a crucial time.
We are facing a great catastrophe.
We are facing a violent crisis.
We are familiar with only a tiny fraction of the universe.
We are familiar with that author's name.
We are familiar with the legend of Robin Hood.
We are familiar with the name of the place.
We are familiar with the poem.
We are familiar with this song.
We are family.
We are famous.
We are far from being so inspired with a Russophobia as to regard the time as at hand when the Russian Cossack and the English Sepoy shall knock their noses together while acting as sentinels upon their respective frontiers.
We are far more likely to be harmed by our fellow man than by our fellow animals, yet we call animals wild and dangerous and we call man advanced and civilised.
We are fat.
We are fed up with always seeing the same people taking all the credit!
We are fed up with difficulties.
We are fed up with studying.
We are feeling it.
We are feeling lost.
We are femboys.
We are fifteen in all.
We are fighting an enemy we don't know.
We are film buffs.
We are filming.
We are filthy rich.
We are finally free.
We are finally here!
We are finding it difficult to decide which one to buy.
We are fine.
We are finished.
We are firmly confident of victory.
We are firstly going to Beijing.
We are fixing computers.
We are fixing the stove.
We are fleeing to Japan.
We are flexible.
We are flying above the clouds.
We are flying over the Pacific.
We are flying to Germany on Sunday.
We are flying to Los Angeles tomorrow.
We are flying.
We are following a herd of giraffes.
We are football players.
We are footballers.
We are for scientific progress.
We are forced to eat dry bread.
We are forever in your debt for helping us through this tough time.
We are fortunate to be living in the most peaceful, most prosperous, most progressive era in human history.
We are fortunate to be living in the most peaceful, most prosperous, most progressive era in human history. That may surprise young people who are watching TV or looking at your phones and it seems like only bad news comes through every day. But consider that it’s been decades since the last war between major powers. More people live in democracies. We’re wealthier and healthier and better educated, with a global economy that has lifted up more than a billion people from extreme poverty, and created new middle classes from the Americas to Africa to Asia.
We are forty kilometers away from the capital city.
We are forty three in all.
We are forty-three in all.
We are forty-three put together.
We are free at last.
We are free citizens with the right of vote.
We are free from a cold wind today.
We are free from danger.
We are free!
We are free.
We are friends now.
We are friends, and friends help each other.
We are friends, aren't we?
We are friends.
We are from Cairo.
We are from Canada.
We are from Columbia.
We are from France.
We are from Germany.
We are from Kabylie, Algeria.
We are from Rima's school.
We are from Russia.
We are from Sicily.
We are from a far away land.
We are from the river.
We are full just now.
We are full now. Please wait here until there is a seat.
We are full of words, but no action.
We are fully aware of the importance of the situation.
We are funny.
We are gaining a day.
We are gaining on Tom.
We are gathered.
We are generally amenable to requests of this kind.
We are getting close to Halloween and I thought today I would tell you about Halloween.
We are getting late.
We are getting married tomorrow and you are going to have to live with this.
We are getting married tomorrow.
We are getting married!
We are getting mutton stew for dinner.
We are getting off at the next station.
We are getting older day by day.
We are getting on first-rate.
We are getting on the bus.
We are getting poorer every day.
We are given to regretting our past.
We are giving Tom a birthday party.
We are giving Tom a party on his birthday.
We are giving a dinner for her at the restaurant.
We are giving a farewell party for him tonight.
We are giving a small party this evening.
We are giving him a birthday party.
We are giving him a party on his birthday.
We are giving the first prize to a Japanese student.
We are giving them a bit.
We are glad that Tom is helping us.
We are glad that Tom isn't here.
We are glad to have you in our class.
We are glad to help you.
We are glad you are coming.
We are gods.
We are going back to Damascus. We got rid of the tyrant.
We are going by train.
We are going down the wrong path and in the wrong direction, too.
We are going downtown to eat pizza.
We are going downtown.
We are going for a little walk.
We are going for a walk.
We are going from bad to worse.
We are going home immediately.
We are going home.
We are going nowhere.
We are going on a journey next month.
We are going on a school trip to Osaka Castle tomorrow.
We are going out.
We are going skiing in the Alps.
We are going there to see him.
We are going to Algeria to meet a remarkable group of journalists.
We are going to Algeria.
We are going to Germany tomorrow.
We are going to Ibiza.
We are going to Italy and Slovenia this winter.
We are going to Italy next year.
We are going to Kabylie and you can come.
We are going to Norway on vacation.
We are going to Paris next weekend.
We are going to Rome.
We are going to a cooking class this afternoon.
We are going to a dance tomorrow.
We are going to a nice bar in the evening.
We are going to be a couple.
We are going to be hit by a storm.
We are going to be late for school.
We are going to be teachers.
We are going to be using multi-media in order to put people in the Cretaceous era where Sue lived.
We are going to be working in Osaka next year.
We are going to build a wall.
We are going to check it right away.
We are going to climb that mountain.
We are going to cycle to the lake tomorrow.
We are going to deal with them once and for all.
We are going to defend our country.
We are going to demolish a wall.
We are going to destroy America.
We are going to die.
We are going to do a draw.
We are going to do a test of the engine tomorrow.
We are going to do this the right way.
We are going to eat a lot tonight so I hope that you are not on a diet.
We are going to eat couscous.
We are going to eat out this evening, at least if it does not rain too much.
We are going to every bar on this street.
We are going to gather at the mall at 3 pm today.
We are going to give a party tomorrow evening.
We are going to go to Kabylie, Algeria.
We are going to go to the airport.
We are going to have a baby next month.
We are going to have a baby.
We are going to have a break for a snack.
We are going to have a great time together this afternoon.
We are going to have a meeting here tomorrow.
We are going to have a party on Saturday night.
We are going to have a storm.
We are going to have an examination in English tomorrow.
We are going to have broth.
We are going to have dinner in an Indian restaurant tonight.
We are going to have to reserve them.
We are going to help our country heal.
We are going to his house. Want to come with?
We are going to hold a farewell party for him.
We are going to impose boundaries on her.
We are going to impose boundaries on him.
We are going to incentivize our people to work remotely.
We are going to increase the percentage of yam in these animals' diet.
We are going to invite Jane and Ellen.
We are going to invite misfortune into our lives.
We are going to know more about it soon.
We are going to leave tomorrow.
We are going to look at flowers today.
We are going to look for a restaurant.
We are going to look into the disappearance of the money.
We are going to lose our jobs.
We are going to make a test of the engine tomorrow.
We are going to make a video.
We are going to make farms in Russia.
We are going to make up for lost time by taking a short cut.
We are going to meet him tonight.
We are going to miss the bus.
We are going to mount a hill near our school this Sunday.
We are going to move house, but I still don't know where we are moving to.
We are going to pause now.
We are going to prepare something to eat for today.
We are going to rent a car by the hour.
We are going to rent a car.
We are going to rent out our garden.
We are going to root out the government.
We are going to run now.
We are going to see Algiers from the air.
We are going to see an action movie starring Gustavo tonight.
We are going to see her in front of the station tomorrow.
We are going to set off a debate on climate change.
We are going to settle down.
We are going to sleep well tonight.
We are going to sleep.
We are going to spend the vacation in Corsica.
We are going to start investigating him.
We are going to start with the women.
We are going to stay some weeks together.
We are going to stay there the whole week.
We are going to study the days of the week in Berber.
We are going to study the numbers from one to twelve in Berber.
We are going to take the bus that leaves at four.
We are going to talk in a little while.
We are going to the ball.
We are going to the beach.
We are going to the cemetery right now.
We are going to the cemetery.
We are going to the cinema.
We are going to the country.
We are going to the fair; are you coming?
We are going to the football game tonight.
We are going to the forest for a picnic.
We are going to the lake to have lunch.
We are going to the market.
We are going to the mountains.
We are going to the movies. Come with us.
We are going to the movies. You should come.
We are going to travel abroad this summer.
We are going to travel by car.
We are going to travel in a group this summer.
We are going to try a different tactic.
We are going to visit Dan.
We are going to visit Versailles.
We are going to visit our aunt next Sunday.
We are going to visit our uncle next Sunday.
We are going to wash the car.
We are going to watch a film this evening.
We are going toward the river.
We are going whether or not you decide to come along.
We are going with you.
We are going.
We are gone.
We are gonna buy ourselves a car.
We are good at music.
We are good football players.
We are good for nothing, and we allowed ourselves to blame others.
We are good friends now, but there was a time when we didn't like each other.
We are good friends now, but we didn't like each other at first.
We are good friends now, but we didn’t like each other at first.
We are good friends.
We are good parents.
We are good.
We are grateful for the music he left behind.
We are grateful for the opportunities they have given us.
We are grateful to our esteemed shareholders who have steadfastly supported our bank through challenging times.
We are grateful to you for your help.
We are grateful to you for your kindness.
We are gray.
We are great Tigers fans.
We are greedy.
We are grilling fish for dinner tonight.
We are grilling sausage.
We are groping for a way out of the present situation.
We are grounded.
We are growing lilacs in our garden.
We are growing up.
We are guests.
We are guinea pigs.
We are half-hearted creatures, fooling about with drink and sex and ambition when infinite joy is offered us, like an ignorant child who wants to go on making mud pies in a slum because he cannot imagine what is meant by the offer of a holiday at the sea. We are far too easily pleased.
We are handsome.
We are happy because there are many cars here.
We are happy to have you join our team.
We are happy to help when we receive comments.
We are happy to see you again.
We are happy to see you.
We are happy together.
We are happy, and therefore we will go to the forum.
We are happy, and therefore we will go to the market.
We are happy.
We are happy. We got what we wanted.
We are harassing him.
We are hardwired to do it.
We are haunted by an ideal life, and it is because we have within us the beginning and the possibility for it.
We are having a dog in the family.
We are having a good time.
We are having a meeting.
We are having a mild winter.
We are having a nice time in Boston.
We are having a nice time in Rome.
We are having a rat infestation in our mansion.
We are having a serious talk about your future.
We are having a three-year crisis simply because the energy sector has been grossly mismanaged.
We are having a whale of a time.
We are having an international trade fair this month.
We are having breakfast.
We are having couscous.
We are having difficult time.
We are having dinner.
We are having fish for our main course.
We are having fun.
We are having lunch in the garden.
We are having lunch on the terrace.
We are having lunch.
We are having some people over tonight.
We are having some people tonight.
We are having such a good time in Algeria.
We are having ten guests at the dinner party.
We are having trouble with our new neighbor.
We are heading to a faraway place.
We are healed of a suffering only by experiencing it to the full.
We are healthy.
We are heavy-hearted.
We are her sons.
We are here and we will always be there for Kabylia, Kabylity and then in Kabyle!
We are here as guests.
We are here because we have a right to be involved in these decisions.
We are here because we want to speak a new language and so, we must speak it!
We are here for a computer.
We are here for bank robbery.
We are here in the name of Jesus Christ and King Charles.
We are here just for a spell and then pass on. So get a few laughs and do the best you can. Live your life so that whenever you lose it, you are ahead.
We are here on this earth to be tested.
We are here to defend workers' rights.
We are here to ensure Tom's safety.
We are here to finish the work.
We are here to help each other.
We are here to learn Berber together.
We are here to learn Berber, the language of our ancestors, together.
We are here to learn Berber.
We are here to see you all.
We are here to talk about Islam.
We are here today to help you.
We are here with our children.
We are here!
We are here, at the tourist office, you see?
We are here.
We are hidden in ourselves, like a truth hidden in isolated facts. When we know that this One in us is One in all, then our truth is revealed.
We are hiding.
We are high school friends.
We are high school students.
We are hiking.
We are hiring.
We are his children.
We are his sons.
We are holding hands.
We are holding it.
We are home on Sundays.
We are home.
We are honored to present the athletes of the Olympics.
We are hoping for a contribution from all visitors.
We are hoping for good weather during the sports festival.
We are hoping for your quick recovery.
We are hoping to visit Spain this summer.
We are horrified.
We are human beings.
We are human.
We are humans and we are from Earth.
We are hungry.
We are hurt.
We are husband and wife.
We are ignorant of respite.
We are ignoring our Kabyle language.
We are ignoring you.
We are in Brazil.
We are in Egypt.
We are in Finland.
We are in Formigine.
We are in Italy.
We are in July.
We are in Kabylie.
We are in Paris.
We are in Reggio Emilia.
We are in a Berber-speaking society.
We are in a bad mood.
We are in a bad way.
We are in a difficult situation.
We are in a fierce competition with that company.
We are in a hurry to catch the train.
We are in a hurry.
We are in a library.
We are in a phase of dramatic change.
We are in a pretty scrape!
We are in a traffic jam.
We are in agreement on this subject.
We are in agreement.
We are in an advantageous position.
We are in charge of your interests.
We are in commission concerning the protection of children's rights.
We are in commission concerning the protection of children’s rights.
We are in custody.
We are in danger of making life impossible for a large number of animal species.
We are in danger.
We are in expectancy of which event could happen yet.
We are in favor of Sahrawi self-determination.
We are in favor of your plan.
We are in for an unusually hot summer this year.
We are in for hot sunny days.
We are in for rain.
We are in for some changes.
We are in for some positive change.
We are in for tropical weather again.
We are in good condition.
We are in good shape.
We are in grave danger.
We are in lockdown.
We are in need of some food.
We are in on the project.
We are in our homeland.
We are in our most critical moments.
We are in our native land
We are in part responsible for it.
We are in prison.
We are in school.
We are in the 21st century.
We are in the age of nuclear energy.
We are in the black this month.
We are in the classroom.
We are in the country.
We are in the countryside.
We are in the crosshairs of a spying device.
We are in the era of atomic energy.
We are in the evacuation zone.
We are in the forest.
We are in the heyday of youth.
We are in the hospital.
We are in the last few seconds, but not because of a nuclear warfare or the thinning ozone layer and not even because of global warming. We are here in the last seconds because of how we make our food products.
We are in the last month of pregnancy.
We are in the middle of the summer.
We are in the midst of a mass extinction.
We are in the midst of the 6th mass extinction.
We are in the same class.
We are in the same time zone.
We are in the tie-up.
We are in the twenty-first century.
We are in the twenty-first year of the twenty-first century.
We are in the twenty-second year of the twenty-first century.
We are in trouble.
We are in two.
We are in.
We are inclined to forget this fact.
We are inclined to stand up for him.
We are inclined to think that most dogs bite.
We are incredibly lucky.
We are indeed sorry for his mistake.
We are indifferent.
We are indirectly dependent upon the labour of others for all the necessities and comforts of our lives.
We are infected.
We are influenced both by environment and by heredity.
We are influenced by our environment.
We are informed by newspapers of the major events that take place every day.
We are injured.
We are inseparable, somehow immortal.
We are inside.
We are intelligent because it's easy for us to make mistakes; nonetheless this is very hard for machines.
We are intelligent.
We are interested in mathematics.
We are interested in others, when they are interested in us.
We are interested in the flow of evacuation events from the occurrence of a large earthquake to the conclusion of emergency countermeasures.
We are interested in your service.
We are interested.
We are internationally competitive in production technology.
We are internet users.
We are interrupting this broadcast to bring you a special news report.
We are intimidating.
We are intolerant to those who are intolerant.
We are invited to dinner.
We are invited to follow the footsteps of the past: love, sadness, joy and hope, footprints that survived the feet that produced them. Who will follow our footsteps?
We are invitees.
We are involved in a legal wrangle over payments.
We are irrational beings.
We are joking.
We are just a washed-up football team.
We are just about the same age.
We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special.
We are just friends.
We are just going to leave.
We are just in time for the last train.
We are just joking.
We are just making use of the opportunity.
We are just now witnessing a nail-biter election in the US.
We are just our brains, and our differences are nothing more than small brain differences.
We are just trying to help you.
We are just waiting for the time to come.
We are just waiting for your comments.
We are just washed-up football players.
We are keeping a big dog.
We are keeping them company.
We are kindred spirits.
We are late again.
We are late because our car had a breakdown.
We are late.
We are lazy.
We are learning Arabic.
We are learning Spanish.
We are learning a new way of doing things.
We are learning to swim.
We are learning.
We are leaving Japan next month.
We are leaving Japan tomorrow morning.
We are leaving Narita next Monday.
We are leaving early tomorrow morning.
We are leaving for Hawaii tonight.
We are leaving for London.
We are leaving for Rome tomorrow.
We are leaving in an hour. When will you get ready?
We are leaving on the eleventh of June.
We are leaving this country for good.
We are leaving tomorrow.
We are leaving.
We are left with having to postpone our departure.
We are level-headed.
We are liable for the damage.
We are liable to be lazy.
We are liable to err.
We are liable to get a storm before the day is out.
We are liable to judge others by the clothes they wear.
We are like brothers.
We are like butterflies who flutter for a day and think it's forever.
We are like the fingers of the hands, united but different.
We are like this.
We are likely to get there before dark.
We are listening to the radio.
We are listening.
We are living in a new Algeria.
We are living in dark days.
We are living in fear, we are suffering, we are not enjoying the sun and flowers, we are not enjoying our childhood.
We are living in the age of invention.
We are living in the age of inventions.
We are living in the age of nuclear power.
We are living in the atomic age.
We are living in the era of computers.
We are living in the latter half of the twentieth century.
We are living in zenith right now.
We are living on average today thirty four years longer than our great-grandparents did.
We are living the last days.
We are living through a biodiversity crisis.
We are living through some really sad moments because our land has suffered a very serious loss. And it will take a long time before it returns to its former glory.
We are located in Boston.
We are longing for peace.
We are longing for world peace.
We are looking at your beautiful image.
We are looking at your beautiful pictures.
We are looking for a child.
We are looking for a house with a garage.
We are looking for a house with some character.
We are looking for a job as bakers.
We are looking for a job.
We are looking for a missing child.
We are looking for a nice house to live in.
We are looking for a place to stay.
We are looking for an apartment.
We are looking for an experienced C++ programmer near Amsterdam.
We are looking for donations to cover the architect's fees.
We are looking for each other.
We are looking for engineers.
We are looking for help.
We are looking for her car.
We are looking for his car.
We are looking for it.
We are looking for lodging accommodations.
We are looking for our daughter. She hasn't returned home from school.
We are looking for solutions.
We are looking for somebody who can use a computer.
We are looking for someone who is proficient in French.
We are looking for the boy and the dog that are lost.
We are looking for the vaccine.
We are looking for theories with scientific grounds.
We are looking for volunteers.
We are looking for work.
We are looking for you!
We are looking forward to beautiful sunny weather.
We are looking forward to going on a hike next week.
We are looking forward to hearing about your trip.
We are looking forward to hearing from you soon.
We are looking forward to hearing from you.
We are looking forward to our uncle's visit.
We are looking forward to our uncle’s visit.
We are looking forward to receiving your quote as soon as possible.
We are looking forward to seeing you again.
We are looking forward to seeing you and your family.
We are looking forward to seeing you soon.
We are looking forward to seeing you.
We are looking forward to serving you again.
We are looking forward to the holidays.
We are looking forward to your visit to our new office.
We are looking into the cause of the accident.
We are looking to you for help.
We are losing blood.
We are losing languages at a rate of one every fortnight.
We are losing.
We are lost in the middle of nowhere.
We are lost people.
We are lost!
We are lost.
We are lovers of cinema.
We are lovers of the beautiful.
We are lucky on Earth that an asteroid has not hit us lately. Scientists think that such an event killed the dinosaurs.
We are lucky to have such a competent and kind teacher.
We are lucky.
We are lucky; we are together, still healthy, with no extra demands beyond a pair of hungry cats.
We are made to make mistakes.
We are making a difference.
We are making advance plans for our holidays.
We are making all efforts possible to deal with the nuclear crisis.
We are making dumplings in the kitchen!
We are making plans for the holidays.
We are making porridge for lunch.
We are making progress.
We are making some updates to the site. We'll be back soon, thanks for your patience.
We are making spare parts in a car factory.
We are making tea.
We are manipulative.
We are married to each other.
We are masters of time, not its slaves!
We are measuring the depth of the river.
We are members of the commission.
We are men.
We are merely creatures of our master's will.
We are miserable sinners.
We are missing some of our reports.
We are more closely connected to the invisible than to the visible.
We are more likely to believe things our friends tell us.
We are more likely to believe things our friends tell us—that's human nature.
We are more or less related to society.
We are more or less selfish.
We are mortal, but some chess games are immortal.
We are most displeased with our jester.
We are motivated.
We are mounting it!
We are moving next month.
We are moving to At Ali Aïssa.
We are moving to Kabylie, Algeria.
We are moving tomorrow.
We are moving toward a dictatorship of relativism which does not recognize anything as definitive and has as its highest value one's own ego and one's own desires.
We are moving toward a dictatorship of relativism which does not recognize anything as definitive and has as its highest value one’s own ego and one’s own desires.
We are moving.
We are mumbling.
We are near awakening when we dream that we dream.
We are nearing our goal.
We are needy.
We are neighbors.
We are neither alive nor dead.
We are never as happy nor as unhappy as we imagine.
We are never as happy or as unhappy as we imagine.
We are never as vulnerable as when we love.
We are never so happy nor so unhappy as we imagine.
We are never wrong.
We are next-door neighbors.
We are nice.
We are no fools.
We are no longer getting along well.
We are no longer living in the stone age.
We are no longer working the way we did before.
We are no longer young.
We are noble and brave.
We are noisy as a whole.
We are none the wiser for all that was said.
We are normal.
We are not Algerian.
We are not Americans.
We are not Arabs.
We are not a party!
We are not able to put a young boy in prison.
We are not accepting walk-in orders at this time.
We are not acquainted with each other.
We are not adding examples in Chinese.
We are not afraid of chains.
We are not afraid of this racist group.
We are not afraid of you.
We are not afraid to speak up.
We are not afraid!
We are not afraid.
We are not all equal.
We are not all that safe.
We are not alone in believing that he is not guilty.
We are not alone in supporting the plan.
We are not alone.
We are not always at home on Sundays.
We are not amused.
We are not angels.
We are not as happy or unhappy as we imagine ourselves to be.
We are not at home.
We are not at the cinema.
We are not available.
We are not bakers.
We are not being careful.
We are not blind.
We are not born for ourselves.
We are not butchers.
We are not chatbots.
We are not children, we are men.
We are not club members.
We are not cold in the house.
We are not compelled to engage in this situation.
We are not concerned in this paper with the application of Emmet's theory in biology.
We are not concerned in this paper with the application of Emmet’s theory in biology.
We are not considered eligible to take part in the contest.
We are not currently taking unsolicited submissions.
We are not dead, they want to kill us.
We are not eaten up by our hearts.
We are not enough aware.
We are not equipped for such kind of intervention.
We are not equipped to handle it.
We are not expecting any help from you.
We are not famous dancers.
We are not fond of pets.
We are not forced to meddle in this problem.
We are not forced to stay in the country.
We are not friends. We are not enemies. We are two strangers with a common memory.
We are not from Algiers.
We are not gods, but only impostors who decided they are allowed to do everything.
We are not going anywhere.
We are not going in the direction of your house.
We are not going on summer vacation for the time being.
We are not going on vacation.
We are not going to Australia to build stores.
We are not going to accompany the children to school.
We are not going to be back tomorrow.
We are not going to build military bases in Albania.
We are not going to construct buildings in Portugal.
We are not going to let the cat churn what we milked after all!
We are not going to lose.
We are not going to mine in Australia again.
We are not going to stay at the hotel again.
We are not going to work in Cyprus.
We are not happy with ourselves.
We are not her relatives.
We are not here for fun and games.
We are not here to arrest you.
We are not here to have fun.
We are not hiring anymore.
We are not hostile to these corporations; we are merely determined that they shall be so handled as to subserve the public good.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience; we are spiritual beings having a human experience.
We are not hypocrites in our sleep.
We are not idiots.
We are not in Biblical times. International law matters and the Palestinian people can't just be evicted of their homeland.
We are not in China.
We are not in Rome.
We are not in a position to fulfill your expectations.
We are not in the forest.
We are not in the house at all.
We are not interested in the possibilities of defeat; they do not exist.
We are not jealous.
We are not keeping any secrets.
We are not liable for lost or stolen personal items.
We are not likely to accept another offer any time soon.
We are not looking for new workers.
We are not losers!
We are not lovebirds.
We are not lucky.
We are not made for each other.
We are not married.
We are not members of the club.
We are not obliged to get involved in this matter.
We are not old.
We are not older than them.
We are not on the earth forever, but only for a time.
We are not on the right road.
We are not on the telephone yet.
We are not out of the woods.
We are not powerless in the face of these threats.
We are not prepared for that.
We are not preparing.
We are not proud of having been drinking all night.
We are not proud of what we did.
We are not quite satisfied with the result.
We are not ready to order yet.
We are not ready.
We are not real doctors.
We are not related by blood.
We are not related. We just have the same surname.
We are not rich.
We are not saints.
We are not scared.
We are not self-sufficient.
We are not short of anything.
We are not short of oil in this country.
We are not sick.
We are not speaking.
We are not stupid.
We are not supposed to drink in this theater.
We are not sure, but she is right.
We are not the ones to blame for the accident.
We are not the only ones to believe that he is not guilty.
We are not the only ones who believe that he is innocent.
We are not the only ones who believe that he is not guilty.
We are not the same age.
We are not the same persons this year as last; nor are those we love. It is a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person.
We are not the same.
We are not thirsty for knowledge.
We are not to be disturbed.
We are not too young to tell what love is like.
We are not treated well in many hospitals.
We are not under their protection.
We are not used to buying books.
We are not used to reading books.
We are not used to speaking about it.
We are not working for free.
We are not working together.
We are not worry about him.
We are not yet in the worst of the hurricane.
We are not young.
We are not your enemy.
We are nothing; what we are looking for is everything.
We are nought but creatures of our master's will.
We are now at Tokyo station.
We are now at the end of the year.
We are now closer than we have ever been.
We are now focused on the history of the Palestinian refugees.
We are now forming a republican government. Real liberty is neither found in despotism or the extremes of democracy, but in moderate governments.
We are now free from this worry, and for that we express our gratitude to you once again.
We are now going to move to the crematorium so if Mr. Ogawa and you would enter the car ...
We are now in front of the museum.
We are now in-laws, seeing as our kids got married.
We are now talking to one of our teachers.
We are now witnessing a stress test of the American Constitution.
We are nurses.
We are nuts.
We are obliged to bring forth the truth.
We are obliged to regard many of our original minds as crazy â€” at least until we have become as clever as they are.
We are obliged to regard many of our original minds as crazy — at least until we have become as clever as they are.
We are observing the storm clouds of the surface of Jupiter.
We are of Amazigh origin.
We are of Berber descent.
We are of Berber origin.
We are of one opinion.
We are officially opening the store.
We are often in Tromsø.
We are old footballers.
We are old people here and we’re chatting.
We are older now.
We are older than you.
We are on TV now.
We are on a diet.
We are on a ship.
We are on a small planet with little countries with tiny people.
We are on a small planet with wee countries on it.
We are on good terms with them.
We are on our own.
We are on our way to Kimmirut.
We are on strike.
We are on the brink of war.
We are on the cusp of a big breakthrough.
We are on the eighth floor.
We are on the market.
We are on the right road, but let's continue to work hard!
We are on the same boat.
We are on the same level.
We are on the same page, aren't we?
We are on the same team.
We are on the verge of great things.
We are on the way home.
We are on the wrong track.
We are on this earth to laugh. In hell, you no longer can. And in heaven, it would be unseemly.
We are on vacation.
We are one in mind and spirit.
We are one, after all, you and I, together we suffer, together exist and forever will recreate each other.
We are only Kabyles.
We are only people, not gods.
We are only separated by the Pacific Ocean.
We are only too aware that we were very lucky.
We are only waiting for the appointed hour.
We are only young once.
We are open 365 days a year.
We are open for business!
We are open for business.
We are open to all suggestions regarding the new design of the website.
We are opening the textbook to page ten.
We are opening tomorrow.
We are operating 365 days a year.
We are opposed to war.
We are ordinary mortals.
We are our brains.
We are our memory, we are that fanciful museum of capricious forms, that mountain of broken mirrors.
We are out of cheese and crackers.
We are out of danger.
We are out of harm's way here.
We are out of milk!
We are outside your house.
We are outside.
We are over there.
We are overfishing the world's oceans.
We are overly modest.
We are overwhelmingly Berber in origin.
We are part owners of this restaurant.
We are partners.
We are passionate about books.
We are passionate about mechanics.
We are passionate about studying physics.
We are pathetic.
We are paying attention to the reality.
We are paying punitive damages of two million dollars.
We are people, not gods.
We are people.
We are picking flowers.
We are pitiful.
We are planning a trip to New York.
We are planning an advertising campaign to sell more radio.
We are planning changes to the manufacturing process.
We are planning to organise a party for M. Osa next Sunday.
We are planning to organise a party for M. Osa next summer.
We are players.
We are playing a game with our visitors.
We are playing by the rules.
We are playing cards to kill time.
We are playing chess.
We are playing football this afternoon.
We are playing hide-and-seek.
We are playing in the snow for the first time.
We are playing tennis this weekend.
We are playtesting the game.
We are pleased to announce you that you have received the Nobel Peace Prize.
We are pleased with his discovery.
We are polyglots.
We are poor because we are honest.
We are poor, but we are happy.
We are poor, my son, and we require a girl who will bring a large portion with her. They, on their side, are rich, and expect rich suitors. However, go and persuade Chloe to induce her father not to look for a large settlement, but to let you have her as a wife.
We are popular girls at school.
We are popular kids at school.
We are positive.
We are practically family.
We are praying.
We are prepared for the worst.
We are prepared to help Tom in case he needs it.
We are prepared.
We are preparing our meal.
We are pressed like lemons.
We are pretty much in agreement.
We are prisoners in our own country.
We are prisoners of time.
We are producing spare parts in an automobile factory.
We are professional comic book artists.
We are professional dancers.
We are prone to judge every one by ourselves.
We are prone to judge everyone by ourselves.
We are proud of Algeria's achievements in the last twenty years.
We are proud of our Berber language.
We are proud to have Carlos as a part of our team of employees.
We are prudish.
We are puppets to the gods.
We are quick to kiss and make up. We make sure arguments make us stronger, not weaker.
We are quiet.
We are quite big.
We are quite conservative when it comes to food.
We are quite small.
We are rarely satisfied with what we already have.
We are rarely what we think we are.
We are rarely who we think we are.
We are reading a book in our room.
We are reading a book.
We are reading a comic book.
We are reading from our computer.
We are reading it.
We are reading.
We are ready for any unforeseen event that may or may not occur.
We are ready to defend the country.
We are ready to go to the close surroundings.
We are ready to leave for the airport.
We are ready!
We are ready, mother.
We are ready.
We are realistic.
We are really good friends.
We are really late.
We are really saddened because she was in good health, she was actually jolly this afternoon.
We are receiving conflicting information about the event.
We are redecorating.
We are referring to the most general principle in all classical physics, that of conservation of energy.
We are refugees.
We are related by blood.
We are renovating old homes.
We are required to treat others with sincerity.
We are required to wear a suit and tie to work.
We are researching drones.
We are resolving the problems.
We are respectful.
We are responsible for your protection from now on.
We are resting.
We are right.
We are running at the same time.
We are running out of antibiotics that are effective against these resistant bacteria.
We are running out of space.
We are running out of time.
We are sad.
We are satisfied.
We are scared.
We are searching for a place to stay.
We are seeing alarming decline in biodiversity, rising sea levels, coastal erosion, extreme weather conditions and increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases.
We are seeing our friends.
We are seeking jobs.
We are seeking to improve our relationship.
We are self-taught artists.
We are selling orange juice.
We are setting ourselves free from the fear of death.
We are seven billion now.
We are severely injured.
We are shaking.
We are shaped by every culture, drawn from every end of the Earth, and dedicated to a simple concept: E pluribus unum: "Out of many, one."
We are shearing the sheep.
We are shifting to Algiers.
We are shivering cold.
We are short of money.
We are short of time, Tom.
We are shorthanded now.
We are shut.
We are shy to speak.
We are sick and in bed.
We are sick and tired of political corruption.
We are sick of the tired old jokes the teacher keeps making.
We are sick.
We are signing our death sentences.
We are similar.
We are simply waiting until the scheduled time.
We are singing a happy song.
We are singing.
We are single.
We are sisters.
We are sitting around the table.
We are sitting at the table.
We are sitting in a cafe in Algiers.
We are sitting in a classroom in Algiers.
We are sitting in a hotel room in Algiers.
We are sitting in a restaurant in Algiers.
We are sitting in a room in Algiers.
We are sitting in an office in Algiers.
We are sitting in the same boat.
We are sitting in the sun and enjoying the warm weather.
We are sitting on a powder keg waiting to explode.
We are six people.
We are skinny.
We are slaves of what does not make us happy.
We are slaves to our habits.
We are sleepy.
We are small.
We are smaller than Tom.
We are smart.
We are smoking.
We are so busy we'd take any help we could get.
We are so busy we'll take any help we can get.
We are so busy we’d take any help we could get.
We are so busy we’ll take any help we can get.
We are so glad Yanni came now.
We are so happy.
We are so similar and so different at the same time.
We are so thankful for this day.
We are so tired.
We are soccer players.
We are sold out of jeans.
We are soldiers in France, and we are citizens. Another reason to be proud, to be a citizen! For the poor, this consists in sustaining and preserving the wealthy in their power and their idleness. The poor must work there, before the majestic equality of the law, which forbids the wealthy and the poor alike to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets and to steal bread. That is one of the good effects of the Revolution.
We are soldiers.
We are solidly behind you.
We are sorry about the bad weather.
We are sorry about what happened to you.
We are sorry for his mistake.
We are sorry for his wife!
We are sorry for the inconvenience.
We are sorry for the interruption.
We are sorry for what happened to you.
We are sorry to say that we can not give you that information.
We are sorry to say that we cannot give you that information.
We are sorry we are unable to accept your request.
We are sorry we can't help you.
We are sorry we can’t help you.
We are sorry, but we don't have publishing rights for this information.
We are sorry, the person you are trying to contact is not available.
We are sorry.
We are soul friends.
We are soulmates.
We are speaking about the same thing, just in different words.
We are speaking on behalf of the young people of Australia.
We are speaking.
We are spending the night at my uncle's house.
We are spending the night at my uncle’s house.
We are spinning wool.
We are standing at the cusp of an incredible opportunity.
We are starting at six.
We are starting to eat.
We are starting to learn Esperanto.
We are starving.
We are staying at home because it's raining.
We are staying at our uncle's.
We are staying at our uncle’s.
We are still alive.
We are still clinging to the dreams of our youth.
We are still doing well.
We are still going in circles.
We are still here.
We are still hoping that Tom will get better.
We are still in doubt.
We are still in school.
We are still in shock.
We are still inside.
We are still out.
We are still owed many of our things.
We are still shocked by what has hit us, but we will never give up our values. Our response is more democracy, more openness, more humanity.
We are still sleeping. We do not want to move.
We are still talking.
We are still there.
We are still unaware of the criminal's motives.
We are still waiting for Tom's response.
We are still waiting for a sign that we must continue to believe that cordial science can make things happen.
We are still working from home.
We are still working home.
We are still working.
We are still young.
We are strange.
We are street artists.
We are strong together.
We are strong.
We are stronger together than we've ever been.
We are students.
We are studying Berber.
We are studying French together.
We are studying Spanish.
We are studying a species of poisonous toad that looks very similar to a stone.
We are studying film in college.
We are studying hard in preparation for the exams.
We are studying in order to pass the STEP 2nd grade test.
We are studying the respiratory system at school.
We are studying.
We are subject to change our plans if the president disagrees.
We are subject to the Constitution of Japan.
We are subject to the laws of nature.
We are subscribed to the Asahi paper.
We are subscribed.
We are such stuff as dreams are made of, and our little life is rounded with a sleep.
We are such stuff as dreams are made on, and our little life is rounded with a sleep.
We are suffering from a severe water shortage this summer.
We are suffering.
We are suffocating!
We are suffocating.
We are supposed to hand in our papers by today.
We are supposed to have a meeting this day week.
We are supposed to know the rules.
We are supposed to love everybody.
We are supposed to love everyone.
We are supposed to take off our shoes at the entrance.
We are supposed to take part in the athletic meet tomorrow.
We are sure of her success.
We are sure of his honesty.
We are sure of his success.
We are surprised about the news.
We are surprised at the news.
We are surprised to see how every creature lives.
We are surprised.
We are sweating in the heat.
We are sweating.
We are swimming in the ocean of lies.
We are swimming in this lake.
We are taking a fortnight's holiday.
We are taking a fortnight’s holiday.
We are taking advantage of it to attract notice.
We are taking our final exam.
We are taking them.
We are taking two spare tires.
We are talking about our friends.
We are talking about the Berber language.
We are talking about the excursion.
We are talking.
We are tall.
We are taxiing in the tarmac.
We are taxiing now.
We are teachers.
We are teaching Berber at a nearby school.
We are teaching Berber next school year.
We are teaching you how to speak English.
We are ten years apart, so what could it be?
We are terrified of you.
We are terrified.
We are test animals.
We are thankful for the good food.
We are thankful for your kindness.
We are the 99 percent.
We are the 99%.
We are the Borg.
We are the Watchers on the Wall.
We are the backing group.
We are the best singers in this county.
We are the best.
We are the center of the universe because we are its meaning.
We are the champions, my friend.
We are the champions.
We are the children's teachers, but we have a lot to learn from them.
We are the country of clowns?
We are the cream of the crop!
We are the cutest boys in the class.
We are the cutest girls in the class.
We are the cutest kids in the class.
We are the first nation to starve to death in a storehouse that's overfilled with everything we want.
We are the first nation to starve to death in a storehouse that’s overfilled with everything we want.
We are the first ones.
We are the first to arrive.
We are the four spirits that rule this land.
We are the future, guys.
We are the gods we've been praying to for help.
We are the great communicators.
We are the greatest human beings of all time and I don't need to explain further.
We are the indigenous people of North Africa.
We are the living dead.
We are the mirrors of the world in which we dwell.
We are the new owners of this hotel.
We are the new owners.
We are the ninety-nine percent.
We are the ones we've been waiting for.
We are the only authorized distributor for this product.
We are the only ones sitting outside a usually bustling piazza bar on the outskirts of Rome sipping mid-morning coffees — and, in my case, nibbling on a ciambella cake.
We are the people who conceive our destruction.
We are the people you met.
We are the people's elected representatives.
We are the people.
We are the pioneers of this new branch of science.
We are the problem.
We are the product of thousands of millions of years of evolution.
We are the proud Berbers of North Africa and no one can stop us from expressing ourselves.
We are the proud parents of three children.
We are the pure selected few / And all the rest are damned / There’s room enough in hell for you / We don’t want heaven crammed.
We are the rabble.
We are the race that deserves to die!
We are the reason why we lost the war.
We are the revelation.
We are the same age, believe it or not.
We are the same age, but different heights.
We are the same age. We are both sixteen years old.
We are the same height. We both measure one meter and seventy centimeters.
We are the same height: one meter sixty.
We are the society.
We are the students of this school.
We are the terrible judge at the end of the world: pray for wisdom.
We are the victims of a widespread conspiracy meant to discredit us.
We are there.
We are therefore compelled to inform our Christian family everywhere of the silent holocaust that is taking place in our midst.
We are thieves.
We are thinking of a lot of solutions.
We are thinking of buying some new furniture.
We are thinking of moving back home.
We are thirsty.
We are three brothers.
We are three hours from São Paulo.
We are three lonely women.
We are three people.
We are three points ahead of their team.
We are three: the father, the mother, and the child.
We are threshing wheat.
We are through here. I'm filing for divorce.
We are tired and thirsty.
We are tired of American imperialism.
We are tired of being treated like children.
We are tired of hearing you bragging about yourself, you little turkey cock!
We are tired of living in fear.
We are tired of problems.
We are tired of the professor's old joke.
We are tired of the professor’s old joke.
We are tired.
We are to be married next Sunday.
We are to eat at six.
We are to get married in June.
We are to go on a hike tomorrow.
We are to go on a picnic tomorrow.
We are to have a garden party tomorrow.
We are to have met yesterday.
We are to meet again at the park tomorrow afternoon.
We are to meet at Yurakucho at seven.
We are to meet at five this evening.
We are to meet at noon.
We are to meet at seven tomorrow.
We are to meet at seven.
We are to meet at six.
We are to meet at the station at nine.
We are to meet at the station at seven.
We are to meet him at seven this evening.
We are to meet in front of his house.
We are to meet together at 9 o'clock tomorrow night.
We are to meet together at 9 o’clock tomorrow night.
We are to pay back the money within the week.
We are to preserve nature.
We are to take an exam tomorrow.
We are to take in five guests tomorrow evening.
We are to visit Australia in the spring.
We are together again.
We are together in the garden.
We are together with you, Morocco and Libya.
We are tonight's entertainers.
We are too busy at the moment.
We are too busy for that, Tom.
We are too busy to be idle.
We are too drunk.
We are too strict.
We are too tired to study.
We are too weak to obediently follow our reason.
We are totally reliant on the natural world as our life support system.
We are tough.
We are trapped at the airport.
We are trapped in an alternative reality.
We are trapped.
We are traveling on a tight budget.
We are traveling to Barcelona.
We are traveling to France by air.
We are traveling west.
We are traveling, the dogs and I, and we respond to dips and turns and rises in the terrain as instinctively as a person would shield the aureate sun from their eyes or pull their hand away from a hot flame.
We are truly pleased.
We are trying a completely new method.
We are trying hard.
We are trying to build some charts to publicize the family history and having the name consistent is a great help.
We are trying to calm you down.
We are trying to clarify your future procurement requirements.
We are trying to close the box.
We are trying to create this.
We are trying to do away with the old customs.
We are trying to keep the wolf from the door.
We are trying to respond to your question as quickly as possible.
We are trying.
We are twins. People often mistake me for my brother.
We are two men short.
We are two of a kind.
We are ugly.
We are unable to fend for ourselves.
We are unable to reverse the process.
We are unaware of what occurred to us.
We are under attack.
We are under his command.
We are under occupation.
We are under siege.
We are uninjured.
We are unintimidated.
We are unknown artists.
We are unshakeable.
We are unstoppable!
We are unsure how to proceed.
We are upset about what happened.
We are used to eating plain food.
We are used to living in a big city.
We are used to sleeping in a tent.
We are used to wearing shoes.
We are using a new process to make butter.
We are usually at home in the evening.
We are vehemently opposed to political correctness.
We are very busy and short-handed.
We are very close friends.
We are very close.
We are very cognizant of the precedent we are setting.
We are very competent.
We are very concerned about the future of this country.
We are very drunk.
We are very envious.
We are very experienced announcers.
We are very far from home.
We are very grateful for what you did.
We are very grateful to those people.
We are very grateful to you for all the help you have given us.
We are very happy to have received a message from you.
We are very happy to receive a message from you.
We are very happy.
We are very interested in the history.
We are very interested.
We are very late. We must hurry.
We are very much concerned about the future of this country.
We are very pleased to have her here.
We are very proud of what we have accomplished.
We are very shy.
We are very similar.
We are very sorry that we are unable to assist you.
We are very sorry that your order was damaged.
We are very thirsty.
We are very tired and irritable.
We are very well known.
We are victorious.
We are visiting our aunt next Sunday.
We are waiting at the airport gate.
We are waiting for Santa.
We are waiting for Tom.
We are waiting for a response.
We are waiting for comments.
We are waiting for him to make another decision.
We are waiting for someone to speak up.
We are waiting for the new coach.
We are waiting for the novel to be published.
We are waiting for the novel to come out.
We are waiting for you in front of the cinema.
We are waiting for you in the park.
We are waiting for you too.
We are waiting for you.
We are waiting for your comments.
We are waiting impatiently to spend an evening at home with no guests.
We are waiting the first rays of dawn to go out in the fields.
We are waiting with trepidation to be proved wrong.
We are waiting.
We are walking along the pavement.
We are walking around the lake.
We are walking in the park.
We are walking through the forest.
We are walking.
We are wandering through inadequately mapped territory.
We are wandering.
We are warm.
We are washing your apples.
We are wasting our time.
We are wasting time.
We are watching TV.
We are watching a basketball game on TV.
We are watching a class at the Paris Opera.
We are watching a new film.
We are watching the sun set.
We are watching.
We are watering the garden.
We are weak.
We are wearing a coat because it's cold here.
We are wearing expensive jewels.
We are weary of an existence filled with fear.
We are weary of his long talk.
We are weary of the restrictions.
We are weaving a carpet.
We are welding.
We are well aware of the fact that he is a specialist in that language. Nevertheless, he is not allowed to adopt any sentence written in it, since that isn't his mother tongue.
We are well.
We are what we are.
We are what we do.
We are what we eat.
We are what we give.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful what we pretend to be.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
We are what we think we are.
We are what we think.
We are what we think. All that we are arises from our thoughts. With our thoughts we shape the world.
We are white.
We are who we are.
We are wishing from the bottoms of our hearts, that he and everyone passes the admission examination.
We are with you your whole life.
We are with you.
We are within striking distance of the enemy.
We are witnessing history in the making.
We are women.
We are working against an enemy who is very insidious in his methods.
We are working for peace.
We are working for the overall development of the state.
We are working for world peace.
We are working for you.
We are working hard on the field today.
We are working hard to cooperate more.
We are working hard to make up for lost time.
We are working hard.
We are working in the interest of peace.
We are working to fix this bug.
We are working to increase the number of resources available for learning and using Globasa.
We are worlds apart.
We are worn out because we fucked all day long.
We are worn out, because we have been uniting all day.
We are worried about grandpa and grandma.
We are worried about where he is now.
We are worried about you.
We are worried because of his unexpected departure.
We are worried the culture will vanish.
We are worried.
We are worry about our children.
We are writing a book about our father.
We are writing an article for the school newspaper.
We are writing an email for our friends.
We are writing to inform you that Mr Koichi Ohara has been appointed as Manager of the Technical Department in succession to Mr Taro Iida.
We are writing.
We are yelling at our computer.
We are young.
We are your daughters.
We are your friends.
We are your new rulers.
We are your rulers now.
We are your sons.
We are, her and I, in the same class.
We are, in large measure, responsible for students' success in the entrance exam.
We are, in large measure, responsible for students’ success in the entrance exam.
We aren't Canadians.
We aren't French speakers.
We aren't Tom's enemies.
We aren't a married couple. We are siblings.
We aren't able to defend ourselves.
We aren't accustomed to buying literature.
We aren't accustomed to reading literature.
We aren't accustomed to waiting.
We aren't afraid of anybody.
We aren't afraid of anyone.
We aren't afraid of death.
We aren't afraid of you. We are afraid of Tom.
We aren't afraid to die.
We aren't all Canadians.
We aren't all in the same place.
We aren't all like that.
We aren't allowed in there.
We aren't allowed there.
We aren't allowed to do that anymore.
We aren't allowed to do that.
We aren't allowed to do things that Tom can do.
We aren't allowed to fish in this river.
We aren't allowed to freely travel.
We aren't alone.
We aren't always at home on Mondays.
We aren't always right.
We aren't as busy as Tom is.
We aren't as busy as Tom.
We aren't as eager to go there as Tom and Mary seem to be.
We aren't as good as you.
We aren't as old as Tom is.
We aren't as old as Tom.
We aren't as rich as Tom is.
We aren't as rich as Tom.
We aren't as young as Tom is.
We aren't as young as Tom.
We aren't at home now. Please leave a message after the beep.
We aren't at war with anybody.
We aren't being much help to Tom.
We aren't blaming you.
We aren't bluffing.
We aren't bored.
We aren't born knowing everything.
We aren't born with the capacity to carry out a happy coexistence.
We aren't boys.
We aren't burning anything.
We aren't calling off the search yet.
We aren't certain this is true, but we think it probably is.
We aren't children.
We aren't club members.
We aren't cold in the house.
We aren't competitive.
We aren't complaining.
We aren't convinced.
We aren't cowards.
We aren't dead yet.
We aren't deaf.
We aren't disappointed.
We aren't doctors.
We aren't doing anything right now.
We aren't doing anything tonight.
We aren't doing anything wrong.
We aren't doing anything.
We aren't doing that anymore.
We aren't done yet.
We aren't due to arrive for three days.
We aren't dumb.
We aren't enemies.
We aren't entirely helpless.
We aren't even close to having a workable plan.
We aren't falling for any more pranks.
We aren't family. We are friends.
We aren't finished yet.
We aren't fools.
We aren't foreigners.
We aren't free unless we can buy nuclear warheads at gun shows.
We aren't free.
We aren't friends.
We aren't from around here.
We aren't gay.
We aren't geniuses.
We aren't getting any younger.
We aren't getting anything from the settlement.
We aren't getting anywhere.
We aren't girls.
We aren't going anywhere in this rain.
We aren't going anywhere.
We aren't going far.
We aren't going on vacation.
We aren't going to Australia.
We aren't going to Australia. We're going to New Zealand.
We aren't going to Boston anytime soon.
We aren't going to Boston.
We aren't going to Boston. We're going to Chicago.
We aren't going to Greece.
We aren't going to New York.
We aren't going to be able to call you.
We aren't going to be able to do that.
We aren't going to be back tomorrow.
We aren't going to do that unless Tom agrees to do it with us.
We aren't going to do that, are we?
We aren't going to do that.
We aren't going to eat.
We aren't going to get married.
We aren't going to give Tom the money he asked for.
We aren't going to give Tom the money that he asked for.
We aren't going to give up without a struggle.
We aren't going to have an office Christmas party this year.
We aren't going to help them.
We aren't going to let that happen.
We aren't going to lose.
We aren't going to need any money where we're going.
We aren't going to sing that song.
We aren't going to stay at that hotel again.
We aren't going to stop them.
We aren't going to win.
We aren't going.
We aren't good at math.
We aren't grown up enough.
We aren't happy to see them.
We aren't here to arrest you.
We aren't here to destroy you.
We aren't here to hurt you.
We aren't husband and wife. We are brother and sister.
We aren't idiots.
We aren't in China.
We aren't in any danger, are we?
We aren't in any hurry to do that.
We aren't in competition with each other.
We aren't in control anymore.
We aren't in danger, are we?
We aren't in danger.
We aren't inside. We are outside.
We aren't instilling enough of a volunteer spirit in our young people these days.
We aren't interested in Tom's past.
We aren't interested in doing that.
We aren't interested in such things.
We aren't just coasting on our past successes.
We aren't just talking about Algeria here.
We aren't kidding.
We aren't kids anymore.
We aren't late, are we?
We aren't late.
We aren't leaving for a while.
We aren't leaving.
We aren't like Tom and Mary.
We aren't like that.
We aren't like them.
We aren't like you.
We aren't likely to agree on many things.
We aren't likely to get paid extra for doing that.
We aren't looking for any trouble.
We aren't looking for trouble.
We aren't married yet.
We aren't married.
We aren't members of the club.
We aren't messaging.
We aren't millionaires.
We aren't missing anything we need to be happy.
We aren't monsters.
We aren't not going to take the children to school.
We aren't obligated to do that.
We aren't on an island.
We aren't on the list.
We aren't on the right road.
We aren't on the same page anymore.
We aren't on the same page.
We aren't open on Sundays.
We aren't out of the woods yet.
We aren't paid very well.
We aren't permitted to do that anymore.
We aren't permitted to do that.
We aren't planning on doing that together.
We aren't planning on going together.
We aren't planning to do that anymore.
We aren't planning to do that together.
We aren't planning to go together.
We aren't planning to sing together.
We aren't prepared.
We aren't quite finished.
We aren't quite sure exactly how Tom was able to do that.
We aren't quite sure exactly what Tom is doing now.
We aren't quite sure exactly what we're supposed to be doing.
We aren't quite sure exactly where Tom lives.
We aren't quite there yet.
We aren't ready for Tom.
We aren't ready for this.
We aren't ready to do that yet.
We aren't ready to go back to Australia.
We aren't ready to go home yet.
We aren't ready to leave yet.
We aren't ready yet.
We aren't ready.
We aren't really on the same page with what we're talking about, are we?
We aren't related by blood.
We aren't related.
We aren't rich enough to buy a house on Park Street.
We aren't right or left because we are felt boots.
We aren't running a charity here.
We aren't safe here.
We aren't safe.
We aren't scared of anybody.
We aren't scared of anyone.
We aren't scared of people like you.
We aren't selling our house to Tom.
We aren't serious.
We aren't set up to do that.
We aren't shy.
We aren't sleeping.
We aren't so bad.
We aren't so powerless as we may think.
We aren't so sure about it.
We aren't speaking to an empty audience.
We aren't supposed to do that anymore.
We aren't supposed to do that.
We aren't supposed to eat such nasty things.
We aren't supposed to talk about that.
We aren't sure what Tom is doing.
We aren't sure what should be done.
We aren't sure what to do.
We aren't sure.
We aren't taking any chances.
We aren't talking about you. We're talking about someone else.
We aren't that poor.
We aren't that stupid.
We aren't the Americans!
We aren't the murderers.
We aren't the only ones doing that.
We aren't the only ones who are going to do that.
We aren't the only ones who are sorry.
We aren't the only ones who believe that's going to happen.
We aren't the only ones who have to do this.
We aren't the only ones who'll do that.
We aren't the same age.
We aren't to blame for what happened.
We aren't to going to talk about this anymore.
We aren't too concerned.
We aren't too far from Boston.
We aren't used to being spoken to by a foreigner.
We aren't vegan.
We aren't very attentive to each other.
We aren't very busy yet.
We aren't very far anymore.
We aren't very formal here.
We aren't very hungry yet.
We aren't very likely to do that together.
We aren't very likely to sing together.
We aren't very likely to travel together.
We aren't very organized, are we?
We aren't where we are supposed to be.
We aren't willing to do that.
We aren't working for free.
We aren't worried about running out of water.
We aren't wrong.
We aren't yet convinced that we should do that.
We aren't yet convinced we should do that.
We aren't yet convinced.
We aren't yet out of danger.
We aren't yet perfect.
We aren't yet ready for the next step.
We aren't yet ready.
We aren't young.
We aren’t afraid of death.
We aren’t born with the capacity to carry out a happy coexistence.
We aren’t going to stay at that hotel again.
We aren’t going to the city centre, are we?
We aren’t instilling enough of a volunteer spirit in our young people these days.
We aren’t used to being spoken to by a foreigner.
We aren’t very hungry yet.
We argue all the time over trivialities.
We argue every day.
We argue over the simplest of topics.
We argued about the problem all night.
We argued him into going.
We argued over this silly thing.
We argued politics.
We argued the whole time.
We argued with Tom.
We argued with each other about the best place for a holiday.
We argued with something of the purpose in the life about.
We argued with the bus driver.
We argued with the cop.
We arranged that a car meet you at the station.
We arranged the books according to size.
We arranged the flowers.
We arrested Tom.
We arrested her.
We arrested him.
We arrested the thief.
We arrested them.
We arrive at ticci.
We arrive to the theater.
We arrived a little late.
We arrived a lot earlier than Tom.
We arrived about forty-five minutes after sunset.
We arrived after midnight.
We arrived at Viracopos at one o'clock in the morning.
We arrived at a Tuareg village.
We arrived at a compromise.
We arrived at a hotel in Rome.
We arrived at a small town in Hokkaido.
We arrived at an agreement after two hours' discussion.
We arrived at an agreement after two hours’ discussion.
We arrived at half past six, slightly earlier than necessary.
We arrived at seven o'clock.
We arrived at that plan out of pure desperation, but the book sold well.
We arrived at the airport early.
We arrived at the airport three hours before our flight.
We arrived at the airport two hours before departure.
We arrived at the airport two hours before take-off.
We arrived at the airport two hours before the flight.
We arrived at the airport.
We arrived at the beach before dawn.
We arrived at the city before night.
We arrived at the city, where we stayed for a week.
We arrived at the hospital.
We arrived at the hotel an hour ago.
We arrived at the hotel one hour ago.
We arrived at the lake just before sunset.
We arrived at the location.
We arrived at the museum after a ten-minute walk.
We arrived at the office on time.
We arrived at the same time.
We arrived at the station a half-hour before the train started.
We arrived at the station as the train was leaving.
We arrived at the station at five.
We arrived at the station half an hour before the train left.
We arrived at the station.
We arrived at two-thirty and Marie arrived a little later.
We arrived before Tom did.
We arrived before Tom.
We arrived by car.
We arrived earlier than expected.
We arrived earlier than we expected to.
We arrived early because the taxi was quick.
We arrived first.
We arrived five minutes before the concert.
We arrived here at six yesterday evening.
We arrived here fast, didn't we?
We arrived here fast, didn’t we?
We arrived here in the evening.
We arrived here safely yesterday.
We arrived home at the same time.
We arrived home late.
We arrived home soaking wet.
We arrived home utterly drenched.
We arrived in Algiers.
We arrived in Australia the day before yesterday.
We arrived in Boston before dark.
We arrived in Boston in the early afternoon.
We arrived in Boston last night.
We arrived in Boston late at night.
We arrived in Boston the day before yesterday.
We arrived in France yesterday.
We arrived in Kabylie, Algeria, on Wednesday.
We arrived in New York at night.
We arrived in Osaka the day before yesterday.
We arrived in Rotterdam on Tuesday.
We arrived in Split, then bought tickets for the boat.
We arrived late.
We arrived on Monday and left again the next day.
We arrived on Monday, and left again the following day.
We arrived on the island two days later.
We arrived on the morning of the seventh.
We arrived on the morning of the twentieth.
We arrived on time.
We arrived quickly.
We arrived really late at the concert, but they let us in anyway.
We arrived safely in Boston.
We arrived slightly earlier than necessary at half past six.
We arrived there before her.
We arrived there before him.
We arrived there before noon.
We arrived there before them.
We arrived there before you did.
We arrived there before you.
We arrived there on time.
We arrived three days ago.
We arrived tired and hungry.
We arrived to bail the kids out.
We arrived to find a huge meal ready for us.
We arrived too late.
We arrived too late. There was nothing we could do.
We arrived two days ago.
We arrived yesterday afternoon by train.
We as Earthlings still don't know if life is common or rare in this universe. We've only started exploring.
We as humans cannot expect to make our society perfect, because as a Buddhistic world, a pervading condition is constant dissatisfaction. We do not know if other provinces of this universe have the same psychic ambiance, or not.
We as humans have compassion for such animals as rabbits. It would not be inconceivable that higher beings may have a similar sentimentality for us humans.
We ascended a steep incline.
We ascertained that the people of Vileika are known for their hospitality for a good reason.
We ascribe his success to hard work.
We ask God to forgive us all.
We ask God to forgive us.
We ask God to guide us to the straight path.
We ask God to guide us.
We ask all those awaiting data to please be patient.
We ask everyone that same question.
We ask everyone to participate.
We ask our teachers questions.
We ask that those who have had a change to their residence report and have not yet submitted a change report please do so as quickly as possible.
We ask that you don't smoke in the station.
We ask the teacher questions every day.
We ask you to account for your conduct.
We ask you to account for your delay.
We ask you to put on your seat belts!
We ask you to show a house that we can purchase!
We asked Dad for money.
We asked Hanako to play the piano.
We asked Mary to look after the children.
We asked Mary to look after the kids.
We asked Mary why she was crying.
We asked Skura for her telephone number.
We asked Tom a few questions.
We asked Tom about Mary.
We asked Tom about that.
We asked Tom about the list.
We asked Tom about this.
We asked Tom for clarification.
We asked Tom if he needed help.
We asked Tom if he would help us paint our house.
We asked Tom some questions.
We asked Tom to babysit our children.
We asked Tom to do that last year.
We asked Tom to do that.
We asked Tom to help us out.
We asked Tom to help us.
We asked Tom to join our team.
We asked Tom to leave.
We asked Tom to let us stay.
We asked Tom to play a couple of songs.
We asked Tom to play piano for us.
We asked Tom to play the guitar.
We asked Tom to play the piano.
We asked Tom to take the test.
We asked Tom to tell us the truth.
We asked Tom when he was planning to get here.
We asked Tom where he was going.
We asked Tom.
We asked a few questions about Rima.
We asked everybody if they were hungry.
We asked everybody the same question.
We asked everybody to help.
We asked everybody to leave.
We asked experts to make an unbiased study on the linguistic problems experienced in the framework of international communication.
We asked for Tom.
We asked for a meeting.
We asked for help.
We asked for more details.
We asked for permission to enter.
We asked for something.
We asked for the payment of his debt.
We asked for the time.
We asked her to help us.
We asked her to let us stay.
We asked him his name.
We asked him on the interphone if he could come downstairs quickly.
We asked him over the intercom if he could come downstairs quickly.
We asked him to come again.
We asked him to face the press but he refused to.
We asked him to help us.
We asked him to let us stay.
We asked him what he was called.
We asked if we might smoke during the break.
We asked many persons about the new store, but no one had heard of it.
We asked our dad if we could go to the cinema.
We asked our teacher: "Can we come to your wedding?"
We asked our teacher: "Where will the wedding be held?"
We asked ourselves.
We asked several questions of him.
We asked something.
We asked ten people to the luncheon.
We asked the cab driver to take us back to the mansion.
We asked the taxi driver to go faster.
We asked them to let us stay.
We asked them, but they didn't answer.
We asked them, but they didn't reply.
We asked them, but they didn't respond.
We asked these questions to people on the street.
We asked what time it was.
We asked why.
We asked you not to do that.
We assemble water heaters.
We assembled the chair in ten minutes.
We assess with high confidence that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the U.S. presidential election, the consistent goals of which were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process, denigrate Secretary Clinton, and harm her electability and potential presidency.
We assessed reliability using the Cronbach's alpha coefficient and validity using the correlation analysis.
We assist our residents in all areas of life.
We associate Darwin with the theory of evolution.
We associate Darwin's name with the theory of evolution.
We associate Darwin’s name with the theory of evolution.
We associate Egypt with the Nile.
We associate Einstein with the theory of relativity.
We associate her face with a cherry.
We associate her face with a rose.
We associate the name of Darwin with The Origin of Species.
We associate the name of Darwin with the theory of evolution.
We associate the name of Einstein with the theory of relativity.
We associate the name of Lincoln with freedom.
We assume Tom is honest.
We assume he is honest.
We assume it is natural.
We assume it's natural.
We assume so.
We assume that he is honest.
We assume that it is natural.
We assume that it's natural.
We assumed Tom and Mary were alone.
We assumed Tom was alone.
We assumed so.
We assumed that Tom was alone.
We assumed that you were dead.
We assumed you were dead.
We at Focus always strive for clear, concise writing that avoids gobbledygook and jargon.
We at Tatoeba appreciate your cooperation.
We at least got these two.
We at least got this one.
We at least have these two.
We at least have this one.
We at least must make a struggle for freedom.
We at least need to think about it.
We at least oughta know each other's name.
We at least, we can face them!
We ate Hoppin' John with black-eyed beans.
We ate Peking duck in the Chinese restaurant.
We ate a big dinner and then went right to bed.
We ate a delicious meal.
We ate a delicious steak dinner at a very expensive restaurant.
We ate a good meal.
We ate a hasty meal and left immediately.
We ate a kiwi.
We ate a lot of apples.
We ate a lot of ice cream.
We ate a lot.
We ate a nice meal and drank wine.
We ate a pomegranate.
We ate a potato salad.
We ate a quick lunch in a coffee lounge.
We ate a quick lunch.
We ate a quick meal and then got back to work.
We ate a very delicious pie.
We ate a very spicy Korean dish.
We ate a waffle on the jetty.
We ate a whole load of apples.
We ate a whole lot of apples.
We ate all the candies we found in her room.
We ate all the food on the table.
We ate all the rice but left the beans.
We ate all we wanted to eat.
We ate an early lunch while we were at the mall.
We ate an early lunch.
We ate apples.
We ate apricots.
We ate at a fancy restaurant.
We ate at a nice restaurant.
We ate at a restaurant Tom recommended.
We ate at a restaurant just outside Boston.
We ate at a small pizzeria near the square.
We ate at a small restaurant on Park Street.
We ate at many good restaurants, but your food was the best of all!
We ate at the BBQ party like there was no tomorrow.
We ate at the food court.
We ate at the restaurant Tom recommended.
We ate at the restaurant for ten euros per person.
We ate bacon and eggs.
We ate baked sweet potatoes.
We ate bananas.
We ate beans.
We ate boiled potatoes all winter.
We ate bread and fries.
We ate breakfast at seven.
We ate breakfast early today.
We ate candyfloss at the local market.
We ate canned crab for dinner.
We ate caviar.
We ate corn on the cob for dinner yesterday.
We ate cotton candy at the state fair.
We ate couscous and meat.
We ate couscous.
We ate curry last night.
We ate curry rice last night.
We ate dinner at a nearby restaurant.
We ate dinner at a restaurant.
We ate dinner late because Tom got caught in a traffic jam.
We ate dinner together every night.
We ate dinner while watching TV.
We ate dinner.
We ate dobostorta.
We ate eggs Benedict with hash browns.
We ate eggs.
We ate everything in the picnic basket.
We ate everything on the table.
We ate figs.
We ate fish and rice.
We ate fish and steamed vegetables.
We ate for free.
We ate fresh fruit after dinner.
We ate half of the bread.
We ate homemade pizza and watched a movie.
We ate horseradish with kvass.
We ate ice cream at the shopping mall.
We ate ice cream for dessert.
We ate ice cream, too.
We ate in an Algerian restaurant.
We ate in the garden.
We ate it because we were hungry.
We ate it for them.
We ate it.
We ate leftovers.
We ate lobster and steak.
We ate lunch a while ago.
We ate lunch at Linda’s restaurant.
We ate lunch at a small restaurant.
We ate lunch at about noon.
We ate lunch earlier.
We ate lunch early.
We ate lunch in a coffee lounge.
We ate lunch in the cafeteria.
We ate lunch on the train.
We ate lunch together and then we chatted for an hour.
We ate lunch together.
We ate lunch with Tom yesterday.
We ate lunch.
We ate meat.
We ate meatloaves.
We ate mushrooms.
We ate my delicious duck.
We ate off of paper plates.
We ate off paper plates.
We ate our sandwiches.
We ate out three times last week.
We ate pancakes and maple syrup for breakfast.
We ate pancakes for breakfast.
We ate pancakes with maple syrup.
We ate peanuts.
We ate pie.
We ate pizza in the cafeteria.
We ate pizza last Monday.
We ate pizza.
We ate popcorn as we watched the movie.
We ate popcorn while we were watching the movie.
We ate potato soup.
We ate sandwiches for breakfast.
We ate sandwiches for lunch.
We ate sandwiches, cake and so on.
We ate sandwiches, cakes, and so on.
We ate several, but a good few were left.
We ate sirloin steaks.
We ate slowly.
We ate smoked salmon.
We ate some Swedish meatballs with gravy, potatoes, and lingonberry jam.
We ate some Twelfth-Night pancake this afternoon.
We ate some apples.
We ate some cherries.
We ate some fried meat.
We ate some meat.
We ate some petit fours in Paris.
We ate some raspberry-flavour candyfloss.
We ate some turtle soup.
We ate something in advance.
We ate spaghetti at our favorite restaurant.
We ate spicy rice with chicken legs and white mushrooms.
We ate steak and drank wine.
We ate surf 'n' turf.
We ate surf and turf.
We ate sushi.
We ate swordfish.
We ate that all.
We ate the bread.
We ate the cake.
We ate the cookies.
We ate the meat.
We ate the pizza.
We ate the smoked salmon.
We ate tilapia and rice.
We ate together at the club.
We ate together at the table in the small kitchen.
We ate together in a vegetarian restaurant.
We ate together.
We ate tomato soup.
We ate until we could eat no more.
We ate until we couldn't eat any more.
We ate until we couldn’t eat any more.
We ate until we were full.
We ate until we were satisfied.
We ate vegetarian lasagna.
We ate very well!
We ate waffles for breakfast.
We ate way too much last night.
We ate with chopsticks in restrained silence.
We ate your delicious duck.
We ate your food.
We ate.
We attach value to culture.
We attached the invoice concerning the payment.
We attacked Nuja.
We attacked the monster.
We attempted breaking the lines of the enemy.
We attempted the experiment.
We attempted to break the enemy's lines of defense.
We attempted to break the lines of the enemy.
We attend our classes.
We attend primary school.
We attend state school.
We attended a book club meeting.
We attended a book fair.
We attended a play.
We attended college.
We attended counseling together, hoping for change.
We attended school together.
We attended that high school.
We attended the Friday prayer together.
We attended the party last evening.
We attended the same middle school.
We attended the same school.
We attribute Edison's success to intelligence and hard work.
We attribute Edison’s success to intelligence and hard work.
We attribute his success more to hard work than to genius.
We authorize the workers to take company cars home.
We average 8 hour's work a day.
We average 8 hour’s work a day.
We avoid attachment.
We avoid generalizations.
We avoid talking about politics.
We avoid texting.
We avoided talking about that subject.
We avoided that.
We avoided the heat by sitting in the shade of the tall lime trees outside the entrance to the city hall.
We avoided the question.
We await a propitious time to act.
We await the visit of our uncle with a happy heart.
We await thee.
We await you.
We awaited the result with bated breath.
We awaited your telephone call.
We award punitive damages in the amount of two million dollars.
We awoke to the sound of birds chirping in the trees outside our room.
We backed away from each other.
We backed away.
We backed off.
We backwoods here.
We bagged a wild bird.
We bagged the fruits and vegetables.
We bagged two hot girls tonight.
We bake traditional bread.
We baked it together.
We baked some cakes.
We baked some cookies for them.
We baked some more cupcakes.
We baked these cookies for them.
We baked this cake.
We balloted for the resolution.
We banished him from the country.
We banqueted on lobster that night.
We barbecued steaks last night.
We barely do any work in geography lessons, we just doss about.
We barely had enough money to buy enough food for everyone.
We barely had time to catch our breath, let alone eat.
We barely had time to do everything that had to be done.
We barely have any credits left.
We barely knew each other.
We barely know each other.
We barely met the deadline.
We barely met, so why are you already asking me to marry you?
We barely saw it.
We barely see Tom anymore.
We barely spend any time witht he kids.
We barely spoke.
We barely started.
We barely survived.
We barely talked about work.
We bargained that we should go on a five-day week.
We bargained with him for the house.
We barked like dogs.
We barked.
We barred the door and locked it.
We barricaded the door.
We barricaded the gates.
We base our hypotheses on the fact that nothing is faster than light.
We basically agree.
We basked in his favor.
We bath each day.
We be of one blood, thou and I.
We beamed the message to the world.
We bear no responsibility for the incident.
We beat Tom.
We beat about for a solution to the problem.
We beat our brains to solve this problem.
We beat that team by 2-0.
We beat the man up.
We beat them 4 to 5.
We beat them 5-4.
We beat them twice.
We beat them.
We beat three teams.
We became Americanized after World War II.
We became Catholics.
We became Muslim at the same time.
We became acquainted with each other in Paris.
We became actors.
We became actresses.
We became afraid.
We became aggressive.
We became agitated.
We became architects.
We became best friends immediately.
We became best friends.
We became bored.
We became close friends.
We became comrades.
We became concerned.
We became cordial with one another.
We became curious.
We became defensive.
We became distant.
We became enraged.
We became familiar with different cultures.
We became famous.
We became fast friends.
We became friends and started dating.
We became friends when I was in Taiwan.
We became friends with Jane.
We became friends.
We became furious with one another.
We became good friends.
We became invisible.
We became livid.
We became mechanics.
We became penpals through e-mail and we wrote to each other in Berber.
We became reconciled.
We became scared.
We became unavailable.
We became very bored.
We became very close.
We became very good friends.
We became vulnerable.
We become forgetful as we grow older.
We become very shorthanded at the end of the year.
We become what we think.
We become wiser as the years go on.
We become wiser with aging.
We bedded down at the roadside park for the night.
We beg them to forgive us.
We beg them to help us.
We began catching fish immediately.
We began kissing.
We began on a new project.
We began our work at noon.
We began the work in April.
We began to build the house two months ago and we'll end it within a year.
We began to dance.
We began to have our doubts because of her unusual behaviour.
We began to kiss.
We began to laugh when he told the joke.
We began to pound the enemy positions with cannon fire.
We began to sail in the direction of the port.
We began to scream.
We began to see what we can deduce from it.
We began to talk.
We began to understand more.
We began to walk again as soon as she was recovered.
We began walking toward them.
We began with the soup.
We began.
We behaved responsibly.
We believe Kabyle is a language and not a dialect.
We believe Tom and Mary were murdered.
We believe Tom is still inside the building.
We believe Tom killed Mary with an ice pick.
We believe Tom was murdered.
We believe Tom was the one who did that.
We believe Tom.
We believe he will succeed, for he has talent.
We believe he would be innocent.
We believe her.
We believe him honest.
We believe him.
We believe if we're going to be at Fashion Week, we might as well put on a big show and give everyone something to remember, season after season.
We believe in Buddhism.
We believe in God.
We believe in Muhammad, may peace and blessings be upon him.
We believe in Tom.
We believe in a better world.
We believe in democracy.
We believe in different gods.
We believe in each other.
We believe in evil only once it has come.
We believe in government by and for the people.
We believe in one God.
We believe in ourselves.
We believe in that man.
We believe in the existence of God.
We believe in the principle that governments are properly established only when it is with the consent of the governed.
We believe in the same God.
We believe in the same thing for different reasons.
We believe in them!
We believe in transparency.
We believe in what is not true.
We believe in you.
We believe it necessary to work together further to interact on the disarmament agenda, military, and technical cooperation.
We believe it our duty, in the name of human liberty, human dignity, and human prosperity, to take back from Heaven the goods it has stolen from Earth and return them to Earth.
We believe it was Tom that killed Mary.
We believe it was Tom who killed Mary.
We believe it was possible that Tom poisoned Mary.
We believe it's possible.
We believe it.
We believe recovery should be focused on making a person's life better.
We believe solar panels are a good investment.
We believe that Pirates were the original Pastafarians and that they were peaceful explorers.
We believe that Tom and Mary were murdered.
We believe that Tom committed the murder.
We believe that Tom killed Mary with an ice pick.
We believe that Tom was the one who did that.
We believe that all statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report, including certain statements under "Business" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," may constitute forward-looking statements.
We believe that children need both a father and a mother and that time will show how important it really is for them.
We believe that good health comes from more than medical care.
We believe that he committed the murder.
We believe that he will succeed because he has talent.
We believe that it was Tom that killed Mary.
We believe that it was Tom who killed Mary.
We believe that large, publicly available voice datasets will foster innovation and healthy commercial competition in machine-learning based speech technology.
We believe that nuclear weapons will destroy the world.
We believe that peaceful coexistence of the two different social systems is fully possible.
We believe that the people of Cuba must be free to secure the fruits of the revolution that have been betrayed from within and exploited from without.
We believe that we can win.
We believe that you will be able to make a price concession.
We believe that.
We believe the answer is no.
We believe the enemy has attacked.
We believe the majority of passengers on the train are from Boston.
We believe the time of death was 2:20 p.m.
We believe them.
We believe there was an accident at the corner two days ago.
We believe these drastic measures will enhance our workers' efficiency.
We believe this.
We believe we can prove it.
We believe we're doing the right thing.
We believe we're seeing signs of incipient fascism.
We believe you, Tom.
We believe you.
We believe, as the Zulus say, that no elephant ever found its trunk too heavy.
We believe, however, that over a period of time, we will be able to make remittance in full settlement.
We believed Mina immediately.
We believed Tom.
We believed her.
We believed him to be innocent.
We believed him.
We believed in Tom.
We believed it to be a flying saucer.
We believed that Jim had made a mistake.
We believed that the earth moves round the sun.
We believed that the news is true.
We believed that the object was a UFO (Unidentified Flying Object).
We believed that there wouldn't be any more problems.
We believed that we could win.
We believed them.
We believed you.
We belittled Mira.
We belong here.
We belong to a Berber tribe.
We belong to our family.
We belong to the same team.
We belong together.
We belong with each other.
We benefited from that.
We bent a few rules.
We besought that he might give us the medicine.
We bet all our money that this behind the scenes footage will make you impatient for the film's release.
We betrayed Silya.
We betrayed Tom.
We better be going.
We better do this quick.
We better get home before it starts raining.
We better get our raincoats.
We better get out of here before it all comes crashing down on us.
We better go.
We better hurry and get it over with.
We better hurry.
We better not go now.
We better not go yet.
We better not leave yet.
We better tell the others.
We better wash up.
We bicker about the smallest things.
We bike together.
We biked home.
We bit our tongues.
We blame Tom.
We blame the fascist regime for these crimes.
We blame them for doing nothing.
We blame you.
We blamed Tom.
We blamed parents for lack of love.
We blew up a huge rock with dynamite.
We blew up a lot of balloons for her birthday.
We boarded the boat early in the morning.
We boarded the plane.
We boarded the ship.
We boarded the train.
We boated down the river.
We boil water to cook spaghetti.
We bond with everyone we have a relationship with.
We bonded immediately.
We book a taxi.
We booked a room at a hotel overlooking the beach.
We booked a room in a four-star hotel.
We booked a room with full board for the entire week.
We booked a room with full board.
We booked a taxi online for the trip.
We booked it to the tent when it started to rain.
We booked seats for the play.
We booked seats on the train.
We borrow German dictionaries from Pfirsichbaeumchen.
We borrowed at 5% interest.
We borrowed books from the local lending library.
We borrowed it from them.
We borrowed money at high interest.
We borrowed money.
We both agree.
We both agreed with Tom.
We both agreed.
We both almost missed the bus.
We both are friends.
We both are having a conversation.
We both arrived roughly at the same time.
We both believe in God.
We both broke our arms.
We both broke our legs while skiing.
We both broke our legs.
We both built it alive.
We both can do that.
We both can play the piano.
We both can sleep in the same tent.
We both can speak French.
We both can't be right.
We both come from Australia.
We both come from Germany.
We both competed.
We both could've died.
We both cried.
We both dance.
We both danced.
We both deserve to find happiness.
We both did really well.
We both did that again.
We both did that yesterday.
We both did the same thing.
We both do that.
We both don't have anything to do this weekend, right?
We both drank the same thing.
We both drive sports cars.
We both dye our hair.
We both ended up falling in love with that dog and decided to adopt her.
We both fell asleep.
We both forgot about the meeting.
We both forgot to do our homework.
We both got A's on the test.
We both got Ds.
We both got here at the same time.
We both got the same score.
We both graduated from Harvard.
We both grew up in Boston.
We both grew up in Kabylie.
We both grew up together.
We both had to do that again.
We both happened to be travelling on the same train.
We both hate Tom.
We both hate her.
We both hate him.
We both hate them.
We both hate you.
We both have COVID.
We both have almost missed the bus.
We both have been getting old.
We both have driver's licenses.
We both have gout.
We both have nothing to fear.
We both have the chills and a fever.
We both have the same favorite color.
We both have the same favorite colors.
We both have the same favourite colours.
We both have the same interests.
We both have the same name.
We both have the same problem.
We both have things we can't let go.
We both have to buy a new bed.
We both have to do that again.
We both have to do that.
We both have to go to work.
We both have to stay in Australia until the end of October.
We both have to stay in Boston until Monday.
We both have to study French.
We both have urgent needs.
We both hope that that'll happen.
We both hope that'll happen.
We both hope that's going to happen.
We both hugged Tom.
We both hurt our knees.
We both kissed Tom yesterday.
We both kissed Tom.
We both knew that eventually this would happen.
We both knew the risks.
We both knew you could do that.
We both know Tom and Mary are innocent.
We both know Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
We both know Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
We both know Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
We both know Tom did that.
We both know Tom disagrees.
We both know Tom is innocent.
We both know Tom is unlikely to do that.
We both know Tom isn't happy here.
We both know Tom lied.
We both know Tom was the one who did that.
We both know Tom wasn't the one who did that.
We both know Tom.
We both know how that turned out.
We both know how to drive.
We both know it was Tom who did that.
We both know it wasn't Tom who did that.
We both know it's no big deal.
We both know it's too late.
We both know something needs to change.
We both know that Tom is unlikely to do that.
We both know that isn't going to happen.
We both know that isn't true.
We both know that it's no big deal.
We both know that that isn't true.
We both know that that's a lie.
We both know that that's not going to happen.
We both know that that's not true.
We both know that that's unlikely to happen.
We both know that this is wrong.
We both know that what Tom did isn't right.
We both know that what Tom did wasn't right.
We both know that what Tom did, was wrong.
We both know that you don't belong here.
We both know that you don't live where you say you do.
We both know that you don't swim very well.
We both know that you're lying.
We both know that's a lie.
We both know that's not going to happen.
We both know that's not true.
We both know that's unlikely to happen.
We both know that.
We both know the answer to that.
We both know the worst is yet to come.
We both know this is wrong.
We both know this isn't real.
We both know this isn't right.
We both know this.
We both know what Tom did was wrong.
We both know what Tom really wants.
We both know what Tom said.
We both know what happened to Tom.
We both know what happened.
We both know what needs to be done.
We both know what we need to do.
We both know what we're doing.
We both know what you're doing.
We both know what'll happen if we don't do what we're supposed to do.
We both know what'll happen if you do that.
We both know what's going to happen.
We both know what's out there.
We both know who did that.
We both know whose fault this is.
We both know why I'm here.
We both know why Tom and Mary aren't here.
We both know why Tom isn't here.
We both know you are lying to me, don't we?
We both know you don't belong here.
We both know you don't live where you say you do.
We both know you don't swim very well.
We both know you're lying.
We both laughed awkwardly after the initial shock.
We both laughed.
We both left our umbrellas at school.
We both like each other.
We both like nature.
We both like seafood.
We both like the same types of music.
We both like to party.
We both liked it a lot.
We both liked it very much.
We both live in Australia.
We both live in Boston.
We both looked around the room.
We both looked at them.
We both looked ridiculous.
We both lost our balance.
We both lost our phones.
We both love Tom.
We both love each other.
We both love her.
We both love him.
We both love licorice sticks.
We both love poetry.
We both love them.
We both love working late at night.
We both love you.
We both miss you.
We both need more time.
We both need this.
We both need to do that.
We both need to go on a diet.
We both need to lose weight.
We both need to poop.
We both need to put on weight.
We both need to stay in Australia for another three weeks.
We both need to stay in Boston for another three days.
We both need to take a shower.
We both need to wash our hair.
We both nodded OK.
We both overreacted.
We both play by the rules.
We both play golf.
We both played well.
We both pretended nothing had happened.
We both put our coats on inside out.
We both really want you to be there.
We both resigned.
We both sat there just like sitting ducks.
We both saw Tom.
We both saw her.
We both saw him.
We both saw it.
We both saw them.
We both saw you.
We both settled comfortably on the mule.
We both shared a love for music.
We both shared the same ambition, viz. to make lots of money and to retire at 40.
We both should do that.
We both sing.
We both smiled in amazement.
We both snore.
We both speak French.
We both stand to benefit from this arrangement.
We both started crying.
We both started laughing.
We both study French.
We both swim.
We both talked about Paris.
We both teach French.
We both teach each other the language.
We both thought you could do that.
We both took French in high school.
We both took a bus.
We both tried standing on our heads.
We both turned up at exactly nine o'clock in the morning.
We both understand each other.
We both voted yes.
We both want Tom to do that.
We both want it deeply.
We both want it.
We both want the same thing.
We both want them.
We both want to do that now.
We both want to do that.
We both want to go to Australia.
We both want to go to Boston.
We both want to see the film.
We both want to stay in Australia for another month.
We both want to stay in Boston for another week.
We both want to study French.
We both went fishing yesterday.
We both went to the concert.
We both went to the mosque.
We both were born in Australia.
We both were born in Boston.
We both were drunk.
We both were in Australia all last summer.
We both were in Boston all last summer.
We both were really drunk.
We both were tired.
We both will do that tomorrow.
We both will do that.
We both won.
We both work full time.
We both work in Australia.
We both work in Boston.
We both worked in Boston.
We both worked in Kabylie.
We bottled the wine using a funnel.
We bought 1.5 square meters of glass to put in this window.
We bought Mary an expensive umbrella.
We bought Nuja’s restaurant.
We bought Tom a birthday present.
We bought Tom an expensive umbrella.
We bought a bottle of water.
We bought a broom.
We bought a camera at a store not too far from here.
We bought a camera, a clock and some dishes in that store.
We bought a car.
We bought a comfortable new armchair.
We bought a commercial washing machine for our home because we wanted the durability it offers.
We bought a couple of huge empanadas for the picnic.
We bought a couple of new chairs.
We bought a gram of hashish at the weed store.
We bought a grand piano which took up half of our living room.
We bought a house for $300,000.
We bought a house for 300,000 dollars.
We bought a house last year.
We bought a house on credit.
We bought a house.
We bought a lot of stamps.
We bought a lot of stuff today.
We bought a new car.
We bought a new hotel.
We bought a new house for eighty thousand dollars.
We bought a new place in the country.
We bought a new washer.
We bought a new washing machine.
We bought a newspaper.
We bought a piece of land together.
We bought a pool table but have yet to play a single game.
We bought a pound of tea.
We bought a round table.
We bought a sheet of paper.
We bought a square bed.
We bought a subscription to the theater.
We bought a used train car.
We bought a used truck.
We bought a vacuum cleaner. Now we can clean our house properly again.
We bought a washer.
We bought a washing machine.
We bought an antique toilet at a flea market.
We bought an apartment.
We bought an expensive umbrella for Tom.
We bought balloons.
We bought beautiful fruit at the market.
We bought bread and milk.
We bought bread from the closest market to our house.
We bought bread.
We bought clothes at the shopping mall.
We bought everything in the store.
We bought everything.
We bought fashion magazines.
We bought fifty cans of beer for the party. We hope that will be enough.
We bought five red apples.
We bought gifts at the shopping mall.
We bought her a Kabyle dress.
We bought her a necklace.
We bought her car.
We bought his car.
We bought it in Australia.
We bought it in Boston.
We bought it.
We bought live crabs for dinner.
We bought more supplies.
We bought new furniture.
We bought new uniforms to wear at the game.
We bought our Christmas tree at our local tree farm.
We bought our new neighbors a clock as a housewarming gift.
We bought our plane tickets two months in advance.
We bought our tickets online.
We bought ourselves a 27 foot travel trailer.
We bought pies for the meeting.
We bought presents for Nan and Grandad.
We bought sesame seed bun for the burgers.
We bought shoes.
We bought snacks at the airport shop.
We bought some bread.
We bought some new furniture.
We bought some presents for Nan and Grandad.
We bought some tennis balls.
We bought some vegetables and fish at the market.
We bought something for Mary.
We bought something.
We bought that.
We bought the apartment a few years ago.
We bought the apartment a long time ago.
We bought the apartment in 1995.
We bought the car for $12,000.
We bought the chairs from a small woman.
We bought the cheapest tea.
We bought the goods at $3 a dozen.
We bought the house in 2013.
We bought the man's house.
We bought the man’s house.
We bought the newspaper.
We bought the sofa, even though it was a bit too expensive.
We bought their car.
We bought these books for Tom.
We bought this Kabyle dress on our way to Kabylie.
We bought this car for 10200 rupees.
We bought this car for 12,000.
We bought this in Australia.
We bought this.
We bought those books for them.
We bought those sneakers from the shoe store.
We bought three books.
We bought too much food yesterday. We'll have to use the leftovers today.
We bought two books.
We bought two crates of beer.
We bought you a nightlight so you wouldn't be afraid to sleep at night anymore.
We bought your car.
We bound Tom to secrecy.
We bound her to secrecy.
We bound him to secrecy.
We bowed down.
We boycotted this country's goods.
We brainwashed Silya.
We braved the elements to walk to the station.
We breach the walls, and ope the town inside. / All set to work, and to the feet below / fix wheels, and hempen ropes around the neck they throw. / Mounting the walls, the monster moves along, / teeming with arms. Boys, maidens joy around / to touch the ropes, and raise the festive song.
We break off into rooms now in Zoom.
We breastfed our babies.
We breathe the same air.
We breathe, eat and speak with the mouth.
We breathe, eat, and speak with our mouth.
We breathed a sigh.
We breathed deeply.
We breed sheep.
We bribed Tom.
We bring him up each year.
We bring it from Switzerland.
We broadcast news on the hour.
We broke Grandma's brand new TV.
We broke down what little resistance remained.
We broke into the apartment.
We broke it in half.
We broke off our conversation.
We broke our journey at Tokyo.
We broke the fast at six o'clock.
We broke the glasses.
We broke the rules.
We broke the stove.
We broke the window.
We broke them.
We broke through the enemy lines.
We broke up and went our own ways.
We broke up for good.
We broke up on Valentine's Day.
We broke up the morning after.
We broke up.
We broke up. I no longer need him.
We broke up. To be precise, she broke up with me.
We brought Tom back to life, but now he has an unquenchable thirst for blood.
We brought apple from the tree.
We brought back law and order to the city.
We brought cheese and wine from France.
We brought dinner.
We brought him his son's completely bloodstained garment.
We brought him his son’s completely bloodstained garment.
We brought it with us.
We brought off the task.
We brought our computer.
We brought ours.
We brought some water.
We brought something new.
We brought something.
We brought the kids to ballet practice.
We brought the money.
We brought the piano in through the window.
We brought them all together without exception.
We brought them together ourselves.
We brought those men to safety.
We brought trouble.
We brought water on a donkey.
We brought water.
We brought you enough food.
We brutally murdered Mina.
We build and maintain relationships with others.
We build brick houses.
We build bridges where others see only divides.
We build bridges with words unspoken, yet understood.
We build houses.
We build our future on the foundation of today’s actions.
We build things.
We built a Kabyle library.
We built a castle out of Legos.
We built a fire on the beach.
We built a hut out of branches.
We built a swimming pool and a cultural center in every Kabyle village.
We built a tree house for our children.
We built it together.
We built it.
We built this city.
We built this for that purpose.
We built this in just a few days.
We bumped into Tom at the mall.
We bumped into our teacher in the street yesterday.
We buried it.
We buried our dog over there.
We buried the cat.
We buried the hatchet.
We burn all desire for freedom.
We burned all our old books.
We burned it.
We burned the food.
We burned the old books.
We burned them all.
We burped loudly.
We burst into laughter.
We burst into tears at that point.
We burst into tears then.
We burst out laughing.
We bury our heads in the sand.
We buy CDs.
We buy Swedish food almost every time we go to IKEA.
We buy a house.
We buy a lot of material in the summer because there's nobody around.
We buy a lot of things from them.
We buy and sell oxen.
We buy and you pay.
We buy beer by the case.
We buy bread.
We buy cars here.
We buy eggs by the dozen.
We buy groceries at Walmart.
We buy in bulk and pass the savings on to you!
We buy junk.
We buy milk and eggs from a farm about three miles from our house.
We buy nothing expensive.
We buy only cruelty-free cosmetics.
We buy our vegetables from the farmer.
We buy stationery in bulk.
We buy the cattle and slaughter them.
We buy toilet paper made from recycled paper.
We buy your car.
We buy.
We calculated that we could reach the place within two weeks.
We call New York the Big Apple.
We call a sandwich "Butterbrot."
We call a spade a spade.
We call each other brother.
We call each other from time to time.
We call her a chef.
We call her the general.
We call him "Skunk Man".
We call him Goro-san.
We call him Mike.
We call him Tom.
We call his son Jimmy.
We call it a knife.
We call it a spoon.
We call it the Evening Star.
We call on her now and again.
We call our English teacher E.T.
We call our dog Cookie.
We call our dog Johnnie.
We call our dog Pochi.
We call our father Oyajisan.
We call our language Tamazight.
We call our teacher "Doraemon" because he's fat.
We call our teacher "Doraemon" because he’s fat.
We call scriptures the sacred books of our holy religion, as distinguished from the false and profane writings on which all other faiths are based.
We call that color "midnight blue".
We call the cat Madonna.
We call the flag of Quebec the "fleurdelysé".
We call the mountain Tsurugidake.
We call them slaves.
We call these slabs of the solid-rock layer 'plates'.
We call these slabs of the solid-rock layer ’plates’.
We call this city "Little Tokyo."
We call this mountain Tsurugidake.
We call upon over twenty-five years of experience in creating first class business solutions.
We call whisky from island nations "bleach."
We called Mina again.
We called Nuja.
We called Robert "Bob".
We called Tom, hoping he'd help us.
We called Tom, hoping that he'd help us.
We called Tom.
We called a taxi for the hotel.
We called an Uber.
We called an ambulance.
We called him a "hero", but he betrayed us.
We called him to account for his long absence.
We called him.
We called off the game on account of rain.
We called off the wedding.
We called on him for a speech.
We called on him last night.
We called on his aid.
We called on our English teacher the other day.
We called our lawyer.
We called our parents.
We called security.
We called several pizza places.
We called the cops.
We called the dog something after our initials.
We called the party a great success.
We called the police on Nuja.
We called the police to our house.
We called the rangers.
We called the taxi company to ask for help.
We called to remind him lest he come late.
We called upon him for a speech.
We called you.
We called your home.
We calmed down.
We came across a rare species of orchid deep in the jungle.
We came across by accident.
We came across somebody who is stronger than us.
We came all the way from Boston just for your birthday party.
We came all this way to explore the Moon, and the most important thing is that we discovered the Earth.
We came along.
We came back by way of Boston.
We came back by way of Hong Kong.
We came back empty-handed.
We came back from our walk.
We came back from the dead.
We came back from the market.
We came back in a hurry.
We came back on Monday.
We came back on the tram.
We came back safe and sound.
We came back to Algeria.
We came back to camp before dark.
We came back to get the tickets.
We came back via Hong Kong.
We came back.
We came behind him.
We came by a tiny village on our way to the country.
We came by car.
We came by in the middle of the night.
We came by several small villages on our way here.
We came by to give Mom the big news.
We came by to see how Tom and Mary were doing.
We came by to see how Tom was doing.
We came by to wish you luck.
We came by train.
We came close to winning last year.
We came closer.
We came dangerously close to freezing to death.
We came down here to help Tom.
We came early.
We came fearfully close to the Sun's orbit because we launched from the wrong side of Mercury.
We came fearfully close to the Sun’s orbit because we launched from the wrong side of Mercury.
We came first.
We came from the left.
We came here from the province where we both grew up.
We came here in our new car.
We came here looking for you.
We came here to bring him home.
We came here to build a new town.
We came here to buy a dress for our daughter.
We came here to buy headphones.
We came here to enjoy ourselves.
We came here to have fun.
We came here to help you.
We came here to help.
We came here to play basketball.
We came here to play volleyball.
We came here to relax.
We came here when our father was working abroad.
