It's not bedtime yet.
It's not believable.
It's not better, it's different.
It's not better. It's just different.
It's not better; it's the best possible thing.
It's not big enough.
It's not big.
It's not biodegradable.
It's not black and white.
It's not blackmail. It's some friendly advice.
It's not blood - it's ketchup.
It's not blood, it's tomato paste.
It's not blood.
It's not blood. It's beet.
It's not blood. It's tomato sauce.
It's not books that create wisdom, but wisdom that creates books.
It's not boring. It's cool.
It's not bothering anyone.
It's not brain surgery, you know.
It's not brain surgery.
It's not broken.
It's not bugging me.
It's not butter. It's margarine.
It's not called a "coche" in Latin America.
It's not certain whether Tom will come or not.
It's not certain whether he carried out his assignment.
It's not cheap enough for me to buy.
It's not cheap to eat here.
It's not cheap.
It's not cheating if you don't get caught.
It's not clean.
It's not clear how much money Tom would be willing to spend.
It's not clear if the area was a permanent settlement.
It's not clear right now whether time travel is really something that exists in reality but its possibility has been proven by theoretical physics.
It's not clear what I'm supposed to do.
It's not clear what Tom wants to do.
It's not clear what Tom wants.
It's not clear what caused the damage.
It's not clear what the author wants to say with this.
It's not clear what the writer is trying to say.
It's not clear when Tom came here.
It's not clear when and where Tom was born.
It's not clear when he came here.
It's not clear when he will come from Paris.
It's not clear where we'll do that.
It's not clear whether Tom is wise or not.
It's not clear whether the cucumber infected the people, or if the people infected the cucumber.
It's not clear which of them wanted that.
It's not clear who Tom and Mary were trying to impress.
It's not clear who Tom was trying to impress.
It's not clear who was behind the attack.
It's not clear who wrote this letter.
It's not clear why Tom did that.
It's not clear why Tom didn't do that.
It's not clear why Tom didn't want to do that.
It's not clear why Tom left.
It's not clear why Tom wanted to do that.
It's not clear why the Tuaregs are moving.
It's not clear.
It's not clever, cycling through slush on a racing bike, but there's nothing else for it this year.
It's not cold in the house.
It's not cold today.
It's not cold tonight.
It's not cold yet.
It's not cold.
It's not completely impossible. But I wouldn't risk it.
It's not complicated at all.
It's not complicated.
It's not compulsory.
It's not consent unless it can be revoked at any time.
It's not consent unless it's given freely.
It's not considered a mistake.
It's not considered polite to ask someone how much they earn.
It's not consistent for you to talk about freedom when you're supporting this dictatorship.
It's not contagious.
It's not cool sometimes to translate it literally.
It's not cool.
It's not correct.
It's not crazy.
It's not crowded at all today. This is the least crowded time of all.
It's not dark yet.
It's not dear.
It's not death I fear, but dying.
It's not death that I fear, but dying.
It's not deep enough.
It's not definite yet.
It's not dessert time yet.
It's not detrimental, but not beneficial either.
It's not difficult for him to come and see us.
It's not difficult for me.
It's not difficult if you study.
It's not difficult to calculate.
It's not difficult to do that.
It's not difficult to do.
It's not difficult to learn Dutch.
It's not difficult to learn French.
It's not difficult to see why people like Tom.
It's not difficult to see why that happened.
It's not difficult to see why that's happening.
It's not difficult to speak French.
It's not difficult to write in Kabyle.
It's not difficult.
It's not difficult. It's just a matter of knowing how to do it.
It's not dinnertime yet.
It's not disagreeable.
It's not disrespect.
It's not done in a hour.
It's not done that way.
It's not done yet.
It's not dry at all.
It's not dry yet.
It's not dumber than you.
It's not easily accessible.
It's not easy because this project needs a lot of money.
It's not easy being John.
It's not easy being Tom.
It's not easy being a parent, is it?
It's not easy being a star.
It's not easy being an adult.
It's not easy being honest all the time.
It's not easy being married to Tom.
It's not easy being me.
It's not easy being popular.
It's not easy being the boss.
It's not easy being the eldest child.
It's not easy being the poorest member in a group.
It's not easy being the youngest in the family.
It's not easy for Tom to get off work early.
It's not easy for Tom to trust anyone.
It's not easy for a child to be diagnosed with gender dysphoria; the bar is set much higher than for adults.
It's not easy for anyone at the moment.
It's not easy for anyone.
It's not easy for him to learn English.
It's not easy for me to get off work early.
It's not easy for me to travel alone in Japan.
It's not easy for me to trust anyone.
It's not easy for me.
It's not easy for you, is it?
It's not easy getting here.
It's not easy in there.
It's not easy raising children.
It's not easy sharing your secrets.
It's not easy to always be honest.
It's not easy to be a champion.
It's not easy to be a referee.
It's not easy to be an umpire today.
It's not easy to be an umpire.
It's not easy to be honest all the time.
It's not easy to be understood by everybody.
It's not easy to be understood by everyone.
It's not easy to bear.
It's not easy to believe.
It's not easy to break bad habits.
It's not easy to break the chains of addiction.
It's not easy to buy a plot of land in Algiers.
It's not easy to catch a fish with your hands.
It's not easy to catch a rabbit with your bare hands.
It's not easy to catch her at home.
It's not easy to come by apples at this time.
It's not easy to come by watermelons at this time of year.
It's not easy to control the languages that you can speak!
It's not easy to convert to Islam.
It's not easy to cut ties with a person you are emotionally invested in.
It's not easy to describe.
It's not easy to discard a bad habit.
It's not easy to distinguish good from evil.
It's not easy to do business in Algeria.
It's not easy to do math calculations in a foreign language.
It's not easy to do that.
It's not easy to do this.
It's not easy to do.
It's not easy to explain.
It's not easy to figure out the cost.
It's not easy to find a girl like Skura.
It's not easy to find a job in my country.
It's not easy to find a job nowadays.
It's not easy to find a job these days.
It's not easy to find the way to the park.
It's not easy to find work nowadays.
It's not easy to follow the thread.
It's not easy to fool Tom.
It's not easy to forget.
It's not easy to get here by public transportation.
It's not easy to get rid of a bad habit.
It's not easy to get rid of a vice.
It's not easy to get rid of bad habits.
It's not easy to get there from here.
It's not easy to get to the North Pole.
It's not easy to hunt against the will of the hounds.
It's not easy to just sit here and do nothing.
It's not easy to keep up with the times.
It's not easy to learn Berber.
It's not easy to learn a foreign language.
It's not easy to learn.
It's not easy to leave all your previous life behind and convert to Islam.
It's not easy to lose weight.
It's not easy to love Tom.
It's not easy to love somebody like Tom.
It's not easy to love someone like Tom.
It's not easy to master French at all.
It's not easy to master French.
It's not easy to memorize dates.
It's not easy to part with one's favorite possessions.
It's not easy to pick out the best actors for this play.
It's not easy to please Tom.
It's not easy to prevent white flight from cities.
It's not easy to put breeches on a cat.
It's not easy to quit smoking, but you should for your health.
It's not easy to quit smoking.
It's not easy to raise children.
It's not easy to read.
It's not easy to rid oneself of a habit.
It's not easy to ride a horse.
It's not easy to run a city like Algiers.
It's not easy to say goodbye.
It's not easy to sit around and watch.
It's not easy to solve the problem.
It's not easy to speak English.
It's not easy to speak French well.
It's not easy to speak French.
It's not easy to speak a foreign language.
It's not easy to teach French.
It's not easy to teach little kids.
It's not easy to teach yourself Berber.
It's not easy to think with Tom snoring.
It's not easy to thread a needle.
It's not easy to train dogs.
It's not easy to translate a poem in a foreign language.
It's not easy to understand Tom's ideas.
It's not easy to understand everyone.
It's not easy to understand his ideas.
It's not easy to understand why I should do that.
It's not easy to understand why you want to leave.
It's not easy to use, but once I got used to it, it was fine.
It's not easy to walk in deep snow.
It's not easy to win.
It's not easy to work under the shadow of innuendo.
It's not easy to write a love letter.
It's not easy writing a love letter in English.
It's not easy, but it's doable.
It's not easy, but it's feasible.
It's not easy, but we're going to do it anyway.
It's not easy, but we're going to do that anyway.
It's not easy.
It's not edible.
It's not effective.
It's not either one of those.
It's not empty.
It's not enough for argumentation.
It's not enough space.
It's not enough to bemoan the greed of the multinational corporations.
It's not enough to gain the upper hand, you have to destroy the enemy completely.
It's not enough to go to heaven, I want to take you there.
It's not enough to just say you're going to vote. You need to vote.
It's not enough to know only one language.
It's not enough to memorize the formulas. You need to know how to use them.
It's not enough to pray, it's not enough to dream. Not until someone takes control by getting a grip on reality.
It's not enough to put more years in our life. We have to put more life in our years.
It's not enough to read three books.
It's not enough to speak Kabyle to be Kabyle.
It's not enough to succeed; others must fail.
It's not enough to tell the truth, you must also show the cause of the lie.
It's not enough, but it's better than nothing.
It's not enough.
It's not entirely legal.
It's not entirely unpleasant.
It's not entirely your fault.
It's not especially hot today.
It's not essential to wait.
It's not essential.
It's not ethical.
It's not even October yet.
It's not even a little bit cheap, it's extremely expensive!
It's not even a question.
It's not even a secret anymore.
It's not even connecting.
It's not even feasible for the US to be present in every corner of the world.
It's not even funny!
It's not even funny.
It's not even half true, but rather just a fraction of the truth.
It's not even on the map.
It's not even signed.
It's not even true.
It's not even worth a thought.
It's not even worth mentioning.
It's not evening yet.
It's not ever going to happen anymore.
It's not every day one gets an opportunity to meet him.
It's not every day that Congress ratifies a new amendment.
It's not every day that I know something you don't, so please let me explain it.
It's not every day you get a building named after you.
It's not every day you get an opportunity to meet him.
It's not evident whether the police followed the usual search procedures.
It's not exactly a hot spot, it's more of a dive bar.
It's not exactly a secret.
It's not exactly a strike.
It's not exactly an extravagance.
It's not exactly cut and dried.
It's not exactly how it happened.
It's not exactly like that.
It's not exactly rocket science.
It's not exactly the first time you've arrived late.
It's not exactly the same this time.
It's not exactly the way he said it was.
It's not exactly urgent but it's important.
It's not exactly what I was expecting.
It's not expensive.
It's not explainable.
It's not explicitly prohibited, but in fact it is not allowed either. It is a legal limbo.
It's not factual.
It's not fair Tom can go and I can't.
It's not fair at all.
It's not fair that Tom can go and I can't.
It's not fair that my parents could go to bed whenever they feel like it, but I have to go to bed early.
It's not fair that she can go and I can't.
It's not fair to ask me to compromise myself.
It's not fair to attribute your failure to your parents.
It's not fair to blame Tom.
It's not fair to deny me of the cross-eyed bear that you gave to me.
It's not fair to judge someone based only on their physical appearance.
It's not fair to keep Tom in the dark.
It's not fair to take my toys away.
It's not fair to you.
It's not fair!
It's not fair! I have to do the hard work!
It's not fair.
It's not fair. I did the dishes yesterday.
It's not fake.
It's not far away from the hotel.
It's not far away.
It's not far by car.
It's not far from Bejaia at all.
It's not far from Paris.
It's not far from here to there.
It's not far from here.
It's not far from my house to the station.
It's not far from the airport.
It's not far from the hotel.
It's not far from the marketplace.
It's not far from the square.
It's not far from where I grew up.
It's not far to Boston.
It's not far to the airport.
It's not fatal.
It's not feasible for you to finish this project.
It's not feeding time.
It's not fiction or rumour, etc., it's a true story.
It's not finished yet.
It's not finished.
It's not fit to be eaten.
It's not fitting to preach among the ravens.
It's not for beginners.
It's not for everybody.
It's not for everyone.
It's not for me to criticise your choice.
It's not for me to decide.
It's not for me to say.
It's not for me to tell you that.
It's not for nothing that mathematicians use the phrase "necessary and sufficient."
It's not for nothing that they say love is blind.
It's not for sale.
It's not for the faint of heart.
It's not for you.
It's not free to get water here.
It's not free.
It's not freeware.
It's not from me.
It's not full.
It's not fun and games.
It's not fun anymore.
It's not fun when you're losing.
It's not funny any more.
It's not funny anymore.
It's not funny at all.
It's not funny to antagonize Mennad.
It's not funny! Do you have any idea how worried I was?
It's not funny! Stop it!
It's not funny.
It's not gambling.
It's not getting any easier.
It's not getting worse.
It's not going anywhere.
It's not going to affect us at all.
It's not going to be a big deal.
It's not going to be a disaster.
It's not going to be a problem at all.
It's not going to be a problem, is it?
It's not going to be a problem.
It's not going to be as hard to do as you think it'll be.
It's not going to be cheap.
It's not going to be difficult for us to do that.
It's not going to be difficult to do that.
It's not going to be difficult to do this.
It's not going to be easy for Tom to do that.
It's not going to be easy for Tom.
It's not going to be easy for me to do that.
It's not going to be easy for me.
It's not going to be easy for us to do that.
It's not going to be easy for you to do that.
It's not going to be easy to convince Tom to do that.
It's not going to be easy to convince Tom to help us do that.
It's not going to be easy to convince Tom to help us.
It's not going to be easy to convince Tom.
It's not going to be easy to decide.
It's not going to be easy to decode.
It's not going to be easy to do that without a lot of help.
It's not going to be easy to do that.
It's not going to be easy to do this.
It's not going to be easy to find somebody to rent this house.
It's not going to be easy to find someone to rent this house.
It's not going to be easy to finish this job on time.
It's not going to be easy.
It's not going to be hard to do that.
It's not going to be hard to do this.
It's not going to be like that.
It's not going to be long.
It's not going to be possible for us to do that today.
It's not going to be that bad.
It's not going to be that difficult to do that.
It's not going to be that easy to do that.
It's not going to be that easy.
It's not going to be that hard to do that.
It's not going to be that hard.
It's not going to be that much fun.
It's not going to be the same.
It's not going to be very difficult to do that.
It's not going to be very easy to do that.
It's not going to be very hard to do that.
It's not going to bite you.
It's not going to change.
It's not going to come to that.
It's not going to end well.
It's not going to ever happen anymore.
It's not going to get any better.
It's not going to get any easier.
It's not going to go away.
It's not going to happen anytime soon.
It's not going to happen to Tom.
It's not going to happen.
It's not going to hurt.
It's not going to last forever.
It's not going to make any difference.
It's not going to open.
It's not going to rain this afternoon. At least, I hope it doesn't.
It's not going to rain this evening.
It's not going to rain today. If you take an umbrella, you'll make a fool out of yourself.
It's not going to rain tonight.
It's not going to rain.
It's not going to snow this evening.
It's not going to snow today.
It's not going to snow.
It's not going to stay that way.
It's not going to take long.
It's not going to work now.
It's not going to work out.
It's not going to work, is it?
It's not going to work, you know.
It's not going to work.
It's not going very well for you.
It's not going very well.
It's not going well, is it?
It's not gold.
It's not gonna be easy. I warn you.
It's not gonna be fine!
It's not gonna bite you.
It's not gonna hurt.
It's not gonna work out.
It's not good enough.
It's not good for anybody.
It's not good for anyone.
It's not good for business.
It's not good for my heart.
It's not good for people to live alone.
It's not good for them.
It's not good for you to eat too much candy.
It's not good for you.
It's not good if you don't forget about work every now and then.
It's not good if you don't forget about work now and then.
It's not good manners speaking during the meal.
It's not good that man should be alone.
It's not good to always rely on others.
It's not good to be in the same room with a polar bear, that's for sure!
It's not good to count all the things that you have already given.
It's not good to do that.
It's not good to eat between meals.
It's not good to force our ideas on others.
It's not good to have coffee at night, you know.
It's not good to only focus on work all the time.
It's not good to overeat.
It's not good to read in a dark room.
It's not good to ridicule people in public.
It's not good to sleep in the car.
It's not good to sleep with him on the first date.
It's not good to spit.
It's not good to spread false rumors.
It's not good to stay up late at night.
It's not good to think hard when you're sick.
It's not good to wake a sleeping snake.
It's not good to wake up so early all the time.
It's not good to water plants in direct sunlight.
It's not good when vacation ends so fast.
It's not good yet, but it has got better.
It's not good yet, but it has improved.
It's not good, but it's to be expected.
It's not good, is it?
It's not good.
It's not googleable.
It's not graffiti; it's Banksy!
It's not great!
It's not guaranteed.
It's not happening right now.
It's not harassment.
It's not hard for everybody.
It's not hard for everyone.
It's not hard for me.
It's not hard to calculate.
It's not hard to do that.
It's not hard to do.
It's not hard to figure out why.
It's not hard to find a bench you can sleep on in this city.
It's not hard to find.
It's not hard to guess what's going to happen.
It's not hard to make new friends.
It's not hard to make you friends again.
It's not hard to see what the results of this rise will be.
It's not hard to see why you aren't a success.
It's not hard to see why you don't like Tom.
It's not hard to stand out when you're surrounded by idiots.
It's not hard to understand.
It's not hard.
It's not healthy for children to have unrestricted access to the Internet.
It's not healthy for you.
It's not healthy to do everything together.
It's not healthy to drink as much water as you do.
It's not healthy to dwell on it.
It's not healthy to eat and run.
It's not healthy to eat so much sugar.
It's not healthy to lose too much weight at one time.
It's not healthy to skip meals.
It's not healthy to spend too much time together.
It's not healthy to stay in your room all day.
It's not heavy.
It's not her birthday.
It's not her fault.
It's not her style.
It's not here any more.
It's not here anymore.
It's not here.
It's not here. Where else could your bag be?
It's not higher math.
It's not him I'm referring to.
It's not him I'm talking about.
It's not him who returned to the country, it's his children.
It's not his ability, but his character that is at issue.
It's not his best photo.
It's not his fault.
It's not his idea, it's mine.
It's not his job to tell me what to do.
It's not his place to tell me what to do.
It's not his style.
It's not his.
It's not hopeless.
It's not hot in my region in the summer.
It's not hot right now.
It's not hot there.
It's not hot today either.
It's not hot today, it's cold.
It's not hot today.
It's not how I want us to be.
It's not how it happened.
It's not how it looks!
It's not how it looks.
It's not how it seems.
It's not how much you know, but what you can do that counts.
It's not human.
It's not ideal, but it's the least unsatisfactory solution.
It's not ideal.
It's not illegal to do that here.
It's not illegal to do that.
It's not illegal, but it's pernicious.
It's not illegal.
It's not immoral for a novelist to tell lies. In fact, the bigger the lies, the better lies, and the more the common folks and critics will praise you.
It's not important any more.
It's not important anymore.
It's not important how much money that will cost.
It's not important now.
It's not important that Tom know.
It's not important to do that today.
It's not important to me what you decide to call me.
It's not important to me.
It's not important what my name is.
It's not important what you say, it's important what people understand.
It's not important whether we win the game or not.
It's not important whether your lifespan is short or long but when you reach enlightenment.
It's not important which of the two books you pick.
It's not important!
It's not important, is it?
It's not important, things happen.
It's not important.
It's not impossible to survive on just rice and beans.
It's not impossible.
It's not in its place.
It's not in my contract.
It's not in my nature.
It's not in my power to help you.
It's not in order.
It's not in the dictionary.
It's not in the house.
It's not in the purse.
It's not in your interest.
It's not in your trouser pocket. Where else could your purse be?
It's not influential.
It's not inspired.
It's not interesting enough.
It's not interesting.
It's not irrelevant.
It's not just Tom and Mary that have made mistakes.
It's not just Tom and Mary who have made mistakes.
It's not just Tom that has to study. I have to study, too.
It's not just Tom's fault.
It's not just Tom's problem.
It's not just Tom.
It's not just Trump; it's the entire philosophy that underpins the—I'm going to say something, it's like semi-fascism.
It's not just Ziri.
It's not just a concept.
It's not just a game.
It's not just a guess.
It's not just a matter of money.
It's not just a minor problem.
It's not just a pen.
It's not just a question of price.
It's not just a safety issue.
It's not just a theory.
It's not just about money.
It's not just about the food, but also about the atmosphere, the culture, about ...experiencing something fun and memorable.
It's not just about the money.
It's not just around the corner.
It's not just for breakfast.
It's not just for show.
It's not just happening here in Boston, but in Chicago, too.
It's not just here that this happens. This happens almost everywhere.
It's not just here.
It's not just illegal, it's also dangerous.
It's not just kids who come to see Tom.
It's not just me; the team is feeling the strain too.
It's not just my fault.
It's not just my problem.
It's not just one or two who said this word.
It's not just performance that's important, but also appearance.
It's not just that.
It's not just the German fate: from the cradle to the grave — forms, forms.
It's not just the economy.
It's not just the right thing to do, it's the smart thing to do.
It's not just what you do, it's how and why you do it.
It's not just what you do, it's how you do it.
It's not just you, I am also to blame.
It's not known how many of them survived.
It's not known what or who killed him.
It's not known when he did that.
It's not known where he's escaped to.
It's not known who first invented the wheel.
It's not late yet.
It's not legal for people under 20 to drink in Canada.
It's not legal to keep wild animals as pets.
It's not legal.
It's not legally binding.
It's not light enough in here to read.
It's not like I can drive anyway.
It's not like I can materialize there. I will just have to be late.
It's not like I don't want to do it.
It's not like I had a choice.
It's not like I had any special feelings for you.
It's not like I have anything better to do.
It's not like I have anything else to do.
It's not like I haven't been trained for this.
It's not like I haven't heard it before.
It's not like I haven't tried.
It's not like I like you or anything!
It's not like I really want to go to Australia.
It's not like I really want to go to Boston.
It's not like I really wanted to go to Boston.
It's not like I want you here.
It's not like I was trying to avoid Tom.
It's not like I'll be gone forever!
It's not like I'm completely happy right now.
It's not like I'm not trying.
It's not like I'm real anxious to see Tom.
It's not like I've got any special interest in gym shorts - I've not got that fetish, I think.
It's not like Tom and I are doing anything.
It's not like Tom can beat me.
It's not like Tom is going anywhere.
It's not like Tom is going to know.
It's not like Tom murdered somebody.
It's not like Tom not to call.
It's not like Tom to be late without calling.
It's not like Tom to be late.
It's not like Tom to be so late.
It's not like Tom to get so angry.
It's not like Tom to hold a grudge.
It's not like Tom was rushed.
It's not like anybody cares.
It's not like anybody got hurt.
It's not like anyone would believe me anyways.
It's not like before.
It's not like everyone doesn't have one.
It's not like expensive skin creams work better than cheap ones.
It's not like her at all.
It's not like her not to call.
It's not like her to be late.
It's not like him at all.
It's not like him not to call.
It's not like him to act like this.
It's not like him to be late.
It's not like it hasn't been done before.
It's not like it just happened.
It's not like it used to be.
It's not like it will be fixed all by itself!
It's not like it's supposed to be a summary; aren't you leaving out too many explanatory details?
It's not like it's sure it will happen!
It's not like that anymore.
It's not like that at all.
It's not like that in Australia, where Tom lives.
It's not like that in Japan.
It's not like that we put the tripod on the "Kanoun" hearth, stunned guy!
It's not like that, I swear.
It's not like that.
It's not like that. We're just friends.
It's not like the movies.
It's not like them to be late.
It's not like there's a better way.
It's not like there's much left, anyway.
It's not like we are climbing Mount Everest, so stop complaining already.
It's not like we have anything better to do.
It's not like we have anything else to do.
It's not like we live in different cities.
It's not like we made up the rules.
It's not like we're doing anything.
It's not like we're going to get married or anything.
It's not like we're strangers.
It's not like you can't afford it.
It's not like you care about me.
It's not like you caused actual bodily harm during the crash right?
It's not like you didn't see this coming.
It's not like you have anything better to do.
It's not like you have anything else to do.
It's not like you knew what they were going to do.
It's not like you not to call.
It's not like you think.
It's not like you to be late.
It's not like you to complain.
It's not like you to cry at movies.
It's not like you to not listen to other people's opinions.
It's not like you're going to get arrested or anything.
It's not like you're the boss.
It's not like you're the owner.
It's not likely Tom did it on purpose.
It's not likely Tom did that on purpose.
It's not likely Tom went there.
It's not likely Tom will be there tonight.
It's not likely Tom will come.
It's not likely Tom will do that tomorrow.
It's not likely Tom will do that.
It's not likely Tom will do what we ask.
It's not likely Tom will ever admit he's wrong.
It's not likely Tom will shed any tears if Mary gets fired.
It's not likely but possible.
It's not likely that I'd change my mind.
It's not likely that Mary will ever admit that she's wrong.
It's not likely that Tom and Mary will ever admit that they're wrong.
It's not likely that Tom did it on purpose.
It's not likely that Tom did that on purpose.
It's not likely that Tom went there.
It's not likely that Tom will come.
It's not likely that Tom will do that tomorrow.
It's not likely that Tom will do that.
It's not likely that Tom will ever admit he's wrong.
It's not likely that Tom will ever admit that he's wrong.
It's not likely that Tom will shed any tears if Mary gets fired.
It's not likely that he went there.
It's not likely that that'll work.
It's not likely to be as complicated as you think it'll be.
It's not likely to be as difficult as you think it'll be.
It's not likely to be as easy as you think it'll be.
It's not likely to be as fun as you think it'll be.
It's not likely to be as hard as you think it'll be.
It's not likely to be cold tomorrow.
It's not likely to be hot tomorrow.
It's not likely to be raining tomorrow.
It's not likely to be snowing tomorrow.
It's not likely to be warm tomorrow.
It's not likely to get any better.
It's not likely to happen anytime soon.
It's not likely to happen soon.
It's not likely to rain today.
It's not likely to rain tomorrow.
It's not likely to snow today.
It's not likely to snow tomorrow.
It's not likely to work.
It's not likely.
It's not locked.
It's not logical.
It's not long before his birthday.
It's not long gone failure, nor heroic deeds to come, but here and now, which you should consider.
It's not long now till Christmas.
It's not long till the winter holidays.
It's not looking good.
It's not love.
It's not lunchtime yet.
It's not magic, Tom, it's science!
It's not magic.
It's not making any noise.
It's not mandatory for us to do it that way.
It's not mandatory to wear a tie.
It's not me Tom has a problem with.
It's not me she loves, it's you.
It's not me that Tom and Mary want to talk to.
It's not me that Tom has a problem with.
It's not me that Tom wants to talk to.
It's not me who has to change, but you.
It's not me who makes the rules.
It's not me who speaks French.
It's not me who told him.
It's not me you have to convince.
It's not me you need to ask.
It's not me you need to worry about.
It's not me, I swear!
It's not me, it's you!
It's not mea culpa.
It's not meant to be.
It's not meant to mean something.
It's not midnight yet.
It's not mine to give away.
It's not mine.
It's not mine. It's my brother's.
It's not money that Ziri is concerned about.
It's not money that interests them.
It's not moralism.
It's not more important for Israel to exist than for Palestinians to live freely.
It's not much fun going mountain climbing by yourself.
It's not much fun just sitting here waiting for Tom.
It's not much fun to do that.
It's not much fun to walk through sleet without even a warm jacket.
It's not much further.
It's not much of a car.
It's not much of a change.
It's not much of a plan.
It's not much of a surprise, is it?
It's not much use.
It's not much, but I got you a little something from Antwerp.
It's not much, but I hope you'll like it.
It's not much, but I will do whatever I can to help you.
It's not much, but it's better than nothing.
It's not music.
It's not my birthday.
It's not my business.
It's not my car.
It's not my case.
It's not my cat.
It's not my choice.
It's not my color, but my sister could use it.
It's not my concern.
It's not my cup of tea.
It's not my day.
It's not my decision, so we have to accept it.
It's not my decision.
It's not my fault I was born in the world's most righteous country.
It's not my fault I was sick.
It's not my fault it happened.
It's not my fault that I hate them all.
It's not my fault that it happened.
It's not my fault that she won't eat.
It's not my fault the lamp broke.
It's not my fault!
It's not my fault, is it?
It's not my fault.
It's not my fault. My brain made me do it.
It's not my favorite time of the year.
It's not my favorite.
It's not my first choice, but it's fine.
It's not my first choice.
It's not my first time with this kind of weather.
It's not my first time.
It's not my idea.
It's not my intent to hurt you in any way.
It's not my jam.
It's not my job to babysit you.
It's not my job to confront Tom.
It's not my job to do that.
It's not my job to help you.
It's not my job to teach you how to behave.
It's not my job to teach your children how to behave.
It's not my job.
It's not my kind of thing.
It's not my money.
It's not my native language.
It's not my oesophagus. I had it checked.
It's not my opinion, but just my translation.
It's not my place or Donald Trump's place to declare who won this election. That's the decision of the American people.
It's not my place to question Tom's decisions.
It's not my place to question Tom's judgment.
It's not my place to question Tom's loyalty.
It's not my place to question Tom's methods.
It's not my place to say this.
It's not my place to say.
It's not my policy to kiss on the first date.
It's not my problem anymore.
It's not my problem.
It's not my problem. It's Tom's.
It's not my problem. It's yours.
It's not my responsibility to do that.
It's not my responsibility.
It's not my size.
It's not my style.
It's not my thing.
It's not my vision of life.
It's not my working hour.
It's not natural for a mother to outlive her child.
It's not natural.
It's not nearly as cold today as I thought it was going to be.
It's not nearly enough.
It's not necessarily so.
It's not necessary for Mary to go there herself.
It's not necessary for Tom and Mary to go there themselves.
It's not necessary for Tom to do that by himself.
It's not necessary for Tom to do that now.
It's not necessary for Tom to do that.
It's not necessary for Tom to go there himself.
It's not necessary for Tom to stay in the hospital.
It's not necessary for her to go there herself.
It's not necessary for me to do that.
It's not necessary for the US to be present in every corner of the world.
It's not necessary for us to attend the meeting.
It's not necessary for us to attend this lecture.
It's not necessary for us to do that now.
It's not necessary for us to do that.
It's not necessary for us to make a decision now.
It's not necessary for you to be here any longer.
It's not necessary for you to be multilingual.
It's not necessary for you to do that again.
It's not necessary for you to do that anymore.
It's not necessary for you to do that now.
It's not necessary for you to do that.
It's not necessary for you to like me.
It's not necessary for you to quit your job.
It's not necessary for you to stay here any longer.
It's not necessary for you to stay here.
It's not necessary for you to take Tom advice if you don't want to.
It's not necessary that you do it.
It's not necessary that you put it in my mouth!
It's not necessary that you repeat it to me so many times.
It's not necessary that you worry about that.
It's not necessary to answer that letter.
It's not necessary to bring a gift.
It's not necessary to come tomorrow.
It's not necessary to do evil in order to accomplish good.
It's not necessary to do that again.
It's not necessary to do that anymore.
It's not necessary to do that now.
It's not necessary to do that.
It's not necessary to leave in the middle of a storm.
It's not necessary to make a decision now.
It's not necessary to put him in the hospital.
It's not necessary to remind me about that every time.
It's not necessary to speak like a native speaker in order to communicate.
It's not necessary to take all of that medicine.
It's not necessary to write a long letter.
It's not necessary to write more than 400 words.
It's not necessary, is it?
It's not necessary.
It's not negotiable.
It's not new anymore.
It's not new.
It's not nice being lied to.
It's not nice sometimes to translate it literally.
It's not nice to brag about your accomplishments.
It's not nice to hit people.
It's not nice to keep a lady waiting.
It's not nice to keep your friend waiting like this.
It's not nice to make fun of others.
It's not nice to make fun of people with speech impediments.
It's not nice to make fun of somebody just because they're different.
It's not nice to make fun of someone just because they're different.
It's not nice to peek.
It's not nice to talk about that.
It's not nice to talk like that.
It's not normal for it to be this hot.
It's not normal to eat so much.
It's not normal.
It's not normally like this.
It's not normally this hot this time of year.
It's not obvious why Tom has to do that.
It's not obvious why Tom needs to do that.
It's not obvious why Tom wants to do that.
It's not obvious.
It's not official yet.
It's not official.
It's not often that Mary wears a red dress, but she's wearing one today.
It's not often that Tom and Mary do that.
It's not often that Tom and Mary leave early.
It's not often that Tom does that.
It's not often that Tom leaves early.
It's not often that you see that.
It's not okay to copy your companion.
It's not on my desk.
It's not on my list.
It's not on my way.
It's not on the map.
It's not on the menu.
It's not on the wall.
It's not only Jim who is sick, but his parents as well.
It's not only Tom and Mary that have to study. I have to study, too.
It's not only Tom that has to study. I have to study, too.
It's not only cheap but also has protein. It's a great deal.
It's not only delicious, it's healthy.
It's not only him who's leaving; I'm now off, as well.
It's not only important that everyone gives their opinion about this topic, but also that I know what their opinion is.
It's not only me, it's most people.
It's not only sports I like, I also like music.
It's not only sports I like, I like music, too.
It's not only sports that I like, I also like music.
It's not only sports that I like, I like music, too.
It's not only the health aspects of sports that appeal to people, but the cooperative aspect that team sports teach, and the competitive aspect in itself.
It's not only today that we have to be here. We have to be here tomorrow, too.
It's not only today that we have to be here. We need to be here tomorrow, too.
It's not only today we have to be here. We have to be here tomorrow, too.
It's not only today we have to be here. We need to be here tomorrow, too.
It's not open for debate.
It's not open source software.
It's not open to debate.
It's not optional.
It's not original.
It's not our anniversary.
It's not our biggest problem.
It's not our fault that it's raining.
It's not our fault that they did that.
It's not our fault they did that.
It's not our fault, is it?
It's not our fault.
It's not our job to do that.
It's not our job to watch Tom.
It's not our responsibility to do that.
It's not our responsibility.
It's not our will that makes us act, but our imagination.
It's not out of desperation.
It's not out of the question.
It's not out yet.
It's not over there anymore.
It's not over till it's over.
It's not over till the fat lady sings.
It's not over until it's over.
It's not over until the fat lady sings.
It's not over when you lose, it's over when you give up.
It's not over yet, trust me.
It's not over yet.
It's not over.
It's not particularly difficult.
It's not particularly wonderful, but it is sufficient.
It's not perfect.
It's not permissible for Spain to transfer the control of Western Sahara to another country without the voice of the indigenous people of that territory.
It's not permitted to have sex outside of marriage.
It's not permitted.
It's not personal.
It's not pertinent.
It's not physically possible.
It's not pleasant here.
It's not plugged in.
It's not polite to interrupt somebody while they're talking.
It's not polite to interrupt someone while they're talking.
It's not polite to laugh at others.
It's not polite to point at others.
It's not polite to say that.
It's not polite to scream at people like that.
It's not polite to shout at people like that.
It's not polite to speak with your mouth full.
It's not polite to stare at others.
It's not polite to stare at people.
It's not polite to stare.
It's not polite to yawn when someone is talking.
It's not polite to yell at people like that.
It's not politically correct to make fun of someone's disability.
It's not porn, it's art.
It's not pornography, it's art.
It's not possible for a culture to live in permanent guilt with no form of redemption ever.
It's not possible for a person to have no talents at all.
It's not possible for humans to live forever.
It's not possible for me to forget tonight.
It's not possible for me to work under these conditions.
It's not possible for us to be very affectionate.
It's not possible that she understood you.
It's not possible to add anything to those words.
It's not possible to breathe here.
It's not possible to change someone's sexual orientation or gender identity.
It's not possible to change the past.
It's not possible to clear the snow from every road.
It's not possible to cross the bridge.
It's not possible to develop a sense of humour; you've got to be born with one.
It's not possible to do two things at once.
It's not possible to earn a billion dollars.
It's not possible to eat a whole giraffe, as the human stomach is too small for that.
It's not possible to foresee everything, so just live and enjoy life.
It's not possible to get a billion dollars by working.
It's not possible to get away from your problems.
It's not possible to get there by car.
It's not possible to get there by train.
It's not possible to just buy a new Earth when we break the old one.
It's not possible to know everything.
It's not possible to leave this island.
It's not possible to legislate against stupidity.
It's not possible to live forever.
It's not possible to live in the present. You always stand with one foot in the past, the other in the future.
It's not possible to live nowadays without knowing that.
It's not possible to live on that island.
It's not possible to please everybody.
It's not possible to please everyone.
It's not possible to really understand the whole world.
It's not possible to see anything.
It's not possible to stay here for long.
It's not possible to stop here.
It's not possible to study with so much noise!
It's not possible to thoroughly understand the whole world.
It's not possible to travel backward in time.
It's not possible to wait.
It's not possible to work like this.
It's not possible to work with so much noise.
It's not possible without help.
It's not possible!
It's not possible, is it?
It's not possible.
It's not practical at the moment.
It's not practical.
It's not predictable.
It's not pressing.
It's not pretty at all!
It's not pretty.
It's not prohibited by law.
It's not proper English.
It's not proper for me to say that.
It's not proper to be late for a dinner party.
It's not quite a done deal.
It's not quite as bad as it sounds.
It's not quite as difficult to do as it sounds.
It's not quite as simple as that.
It's not quite certain.
It's not quite clear what we need to do.
It's not quite clear what's going to happen.
It's not quite clear why Tom did that.
It's not quite clear.
It's not quite dark yet.
It's not quite enough.
It's not quite finished.
It's not quite like that, but it's close.
It's not quite my style.
It's not quite normal.
It's not quite ready yet.
It's not quite right.
It's not quite that simple.
It's not quite the same thing, after all.
It's not quite the same.
It's not quite three o'clock.
It's not quite time yet.
It's not racism, it's the pure truth.
It's not rained like this in several decades.
It's not raining all that hard.
It's not raining anymore.
It's not raining as such, but it is spitting.
It's not raining at the moment.
It's not raining hard, it's spitting.
It's not raining hard.
It's not raining hard. It's just a sprinkle.
It's not raining now.
It's not raining outside.
It's not raining right now.
It's not raining today.
It's not raining yet.
It's not raining.
It's not raining. It's snowing.
It's not rare for Tom to do that.
It's not rare for Tom to make such mistakes.
It's not rational.
It's not ready yet.
It's not real money.
It's not real.
It's not really a big deal.
It's not really a competition.
It's not really a shock.
It's not really all that difficult to cut someone's hair.
It's not really all that difficult to do that.
It's not really all that expensive.
It's not really any of your business.
It's not really considered polite, but people won't judge you for doing it.
It's not really difficult to do that.
It's not really finished yet.
It's not really food.
It's not really good to do everything together.
It's not really hidden, but no one seems to talk about it.
It's not really like alcohol.
It's not really like that at all.
It's not really much of a deal.
It's not really much of a problem.
It's not really my cup of tea.
It's not really necessary to do that.
It's not really necessary.
It's not really particularly healthy.
It's not really practical.
It's not really raining that hard.
It's not really random.
It's not really safe for you to drink out of my glass.
It's not really that easy.
It's not really that expensive.
It's not really that important.
It's not really that relaxing.
It's not really that simple.
It's not really that spicy.
It's not really that surprising.
It's not really up to Tom.
It's not really up to me.
It's not really visible to the naked eye.
It's not really what I was hoping for.
It's not really you Mary needs but your money.
It's not reasonable.
It's not recommended.
It's not regulated by law.
It's not ridiculous.
It's not right for Iran to force gay men into gender transition, nor is it right for any country to force adolescents who consistently have expressed a different gender to go through puberty when the medicine exists to delay it until they're old enough to decide whether to receive further treatment.
It's not right for you to do something bad just because someone else has done something bad.
It's not right to open other people's post!
It's not right to talk about people behind their backs.
It's not right to treat people like that.
It's not right to treat people like this.
It's not right.
It's not ripe.
It's not rocket science!
It's not rocket science.
It's not safe at night around here.
It's not safe for Tom to be around me anymore.
It's not safe for a girl to go out by herself so late at night.
It's not safe for a girl to go out by herself this late at night.
It's not safe for me here.
It's not safe for me to be here.
It's not safe for us to remain in this area.
It's not safe for you here anymore.
It's not safe for you to be here.
It's not safe for you to walk home alone.
It's not safe here.
It's not safe in here.
It's not safe in the city centre after midnight on weekends because of all the drunks roaming the streets.
It's not safe out there for a woman and her two daughters.
It's not safe there.
It's not safe to be out in the desert without water.
It's not safe to dispose of a light bulb in your home waste.
It's not safe to drink that water.
It's not safe to drink the tap water here.
It's not safe to drink this water.
It's not safe to drive without a seatbelt.
It's not safe to drive without wearing a seatbelt.
It's not safe to go out after dark by yourself.
It's not safe to jump out of a moving truck.
It's not safe to play in the street.
It's not safe to split up.
It's not safe to stay here.
It's not safe to swim here.
It's not safe to swim in reservoirs.
It's not safe to swim in that river.
It's not safe to text while you drive.
It's not safe to walk alone at night.
It's not safe to walk in this park alone at night.
It's not safe to walk the streets after dark.
It's not safe.
It's not secure.
It's not serious, I don't bear him a grudge.
It's not serious.
It's not sexualizing children to have straight parents in a show, nor is it sexualizing them to have gay characters.
It's not shameful to be silent when you have nothing to say.
It's not shit. It's mud.
It's not silly, but it's ridiculous.
It's not similar at all.
It's not simple.
It's not size that matters.
It's not size that matters. It's how you use it.
It's not snowing anymore.
It's not snowing.
It's not snowing. It's raining.
It's not so bad here.
It's not so bad up here.
It's not so bad!
It's not so bad, it's good. It's just bad.
It's not so bad.
It's not so cheap.
It's not so cold today.
It's not so complicated.
It's not so different.
It's not so difficult to learn how to ride a bicycle.
It's not so easily done.
It's not so easy as I thought it was.
It's not so easy for us.
It's not so easy to do that.
It's not so easy to find out what this thing could be.
It's not so easy to forget.
It's not so easy.
It's not so far-fetched.
It's not so far.
It's not so good.
It's not so hard.
It's not so hot anymore.
It's not so hot today as it was yesterday.
It's not so hot today.
It's not so little.
It's not so much a judicial reform as the effective abolition of the independent judiciary.
It's not so much his bragging as his posturing that bothers me.
It's not so much that scientists are bad communicators as that there is a lot of well-funded propaganda drowning them out.
It's not so much the heat as the humidity that makes me tired.
It's not so much to ask.
It's not so muggy today.
It's not so near.
It's not so simple.
It's not so strange.
It's not so terrible.
It's not so unusual.
It's not so.
It's not socially acceptable to point at people.
It's not sold over the counter anymore.
It's not something I can be proud of.
It's not something I can decide quickly.
It's not something I can miss.
It's not something I think I can do.
It's not something I want to discuss.
It's not something I want to do.
It's not something I would put on the same level as stealing.
It's not something I'd do.
It's not something I'd pay a lot of money for.
It's not something I'm familiar with.
It's not something I'm proud of.
It's not something I'm very good at.
It's not something Tom and I are proud of.
It's not something Tom would enjoy reading.
It's not something anyone can do.
It's not something anyone would be ashamed of.
It's not something everybody can do.
It's not something everyone can do.
It's not something just anyone can do.
It's not something one should laugh about and yet they were laughing.
It's not something one would say in a poem.
It's not something that I can decide quickly.
It's not something that I can miss.
It's not something that I think I can do.
It's not something that I want to discuss.
It's not something that I want to do.
It's not something that I'd do.
It's not something that I'm familiar with.
It's not something that I'm proud of.
It's not something that I'm very good at.
It's not something that adults drink.
It's not something that anyone can do.
It's not something that anyone would be ashamed of.
It's not something that can't wait.
It's not something that could ever happen.
It's not something that interests me.
It's not something that just anyone can do.
It's not something that you can prepare for.
It's not something to simply pass the time.
It's not something we have any control over.
It's not something we planned.
It's not something you can prepare for.
It's not something you easily forget.
It's not something you forget easily.
It's not something you forget.
It's not something you'd be likely to forget.
It's not something you'd likely forget.
It's not special.
It's not spring yet.
It's not strictly necessary.
It's not stupid.
It's not stupid; it's just logic.
It's not subjective.
It's not such a big problem.
It's not such a big problem. You're worrying way too much.
It's not such a long flight.
It's not such a long list.
It's not sunny today.
It's not supposed to be fun.
It's not supposed to be happening.
It's not supposed to be like this.
It's not supposed to be this way.
It's not supposed to happen.
It's not supposed to rain today.
It's not sure it will happen.
It's not sure.
It's not surprising Tom is proud of his son.
It's not surprising Tom resigned.
It's not surprising at all that the number of delinquent boys and girls is increasing.
It's not surprising in the least.
It's not surprising that Tom got so angry.
It's not surprising that Tom is proud of his son.
It's not surprising that Tom resigned.
It's not surprising that he be proud of his son.
It's not surprising!
It's not surprising.
It's not technically a lie.
It's not technically an opera, but a cantata.
It's not terrible, but it's edible.
It's not that Ali's fat. It's that he's got big bones.
It's not that I am unsympathetic, but I am not able to help you.
It's not that I did anything wrong, it's only that didn't finish my work on time.
It's not that I dislike horror movies per se. I just think many of them are poorly done.
It's not that I dislike reading; it's just that I don't have the time.
It's not that I don't care, I just don't care as much as you do.
It's not that I don't know how to present my arguments, but that I'm making fun of you.
It's not that I don't like cars. I simply cannot afford it.
It's not that I don't like to do that. It's just that I don't get to do it very often.
It's not that I don't like to have fun - I don't have time.
It's not that I don't like to have fun, but I don't have time.
It's not that I don't like to have fun, it's just that I don't have time for that.
It's not that I don't like your English, but for me it's important to use every opportunity to practise Russian.
It's not that I don't love you, I just don't want to get married.
It's not that I don't love you, I just don't want to live with you.
It's not that I don't love you, but there are other ways that I express myself without actually saying words.
It's not that I don't want to go, I can't afford to.
It's not that I don't want to go, I just can't afford to.
It's not that I don't want to go, it's just that it's not a good time for me.
It's not that I don't want to help you.
It's not that I don't want to, I just can't.
It's not that I particularly love heartbreak, but I really like songs about heartbreak.
It's not that I seriously like him. I just find him very attractive.
It's not that I want a girlfriend, I just want to be in love.
It's not that I want to have a girlfriend, I just want to be in love.
It's not that I want to take sides, but I agree with your opinion.
It's not that I'm not interested.
It's not that Tom has a differing opinion; it's that he's threatening to murder Canadians.
It's not that at all.
It's not that bad yet.
It's not that bad, is it?
It's not that bad.
It's not that big a deal.
It's not that big of a deal if Tom doesn't like me all that much.
It's not that big of a deal.
It's not that cheap now.
It's not that cheap.
It's not that cold yet.
It's not that cold.
It's not that complicated.
It's not that confusing.
It's not that deep here.
It's not that deep.
It's not that different.
It's not that difficult to learn how to ride a bicycle.
It's not that difficult.
It's not that easy to learn a new language after fifty.
It's not that easy!
It's not that easy, I'm afraid.
It's not that easy, huh?
It's not that easy, is it?
It's not that easy, unfortunately.
It's not that easy.
It's not that every student likes sports.
It's not that expensive.
It's not that far from here.
It's not that far to the airport.
It's not that far.
It's not that good.
It's not that hard to earn money in this country.
It's not that hard to understand why Tom didn't want to do that.
It's not that hard.
It's not that he can't run fast.
It's not that he doesn't want to reply to him.
It's not that he doesn't want to respond to him.
It's not that he's angry with you.
It's not that high off the ground.
It's not that hot.
It's not that important.
It's not that interesting.
It's not that kind of thing.
It's not that long a flight.
It's not that long.
It's not that much more expensive to eat healthier.
It's not that much.
It's not that my sense of taste is broken.
It's not that nice.
It's not that noticeable.
It's not that obvious.
It's not that ridiculous.
It's not that scary to walk through.
It's not that scary.
It's not that serious.
It's not that simple, unfortunately.
It's not that simple.
It's not that small.
It's not that strange.
It's not that suicide is always insane, but generally, nobody kills themselves in a fit of rationality.
It's not that the food's bland. It's just that you lost your sense of taste due to COVID.
It's not that unusual.
It's not that urgent.
It's not that weird, is it?
It's not that windy today.
It's not that you're disturbing me, don't get it wrong.
It's not that your criticism is too controversial, but that it's facile.
It's not that.
It's not the 19th century.
It's not the Esperanto speakers that are more addicted to languages, it's the other way round...
It's not the Hungarians who should leave Hungary because they can't make a living at home; it's the fucking politicians.
It's not the Olympics.
It's not the altitude, it's the attitude.
It's not the answer.
It's not the biggest fish I've ever seen, but it's really big.
It's not the calculus I'm getting stumped on. It's the algebra.
It's not the cloth that brings the money. It's the craftsmanship.
It's not the clothes that count, but who's inside them.
It's not the correct word.
It's not the demon American propaganda wants to make it out to be.
It's not the destination that matters, but the journey.
It's not the end of the story yet.
It's not the end of the world!
It's not the end of the world.
It's not the end. It's the beginning.
It's not the exact value, but rather an approximation.
It's not the fidelity that bothers him.
It's not the final goal, but the process of getting there that matters.
It's not the first or second time it's happened to me.
It's not the first time I've been blocked.
It's not the first time I've been wrong, and it won't be the last.
It's not the first time I've seen this sentence.
It's not the first time Tom and Mary have done something like that.
It's not the first time Tom has done something like that.
It's not the first time beer escapes us in this way.
It's not the first time he's gotten a good grade on the exam.
It's not the first time that I've seen this sentence.
It's not the first time that Tom has dated two girls at the same time.
It's not the first time that Tom has done something like that.
It's not the first time that he's being like this.
It's not the first time that this has happened.
It's not the first time we've done it.
It's not the first time we've lost beer like this.
It's not the first time we've wasted beer like this.
It's not the first time.
It's not the gay coat that makes the gentleman.
It's not the initial cost that worries me. It's the upkeep.
It's not the job.
It's not the kind of thing you'd find in poetry.
It's not the latest model.
It's not the lifestyle that I want.
It's not the mode for young girls to curl their bangs.
It's not the most cogent argument.
It's not the only example.
It's not the person that's ugly, but the clothes.
It's not the policy.
It's not the quantity but the quality that matters.
It's not the quantity but the quality.
It's not the real thing.
It's not the right one for you.
It's not the same anymore.
It's not the same around here without you.
It's not the same here without you.
It's not the same person.
It's not the same thing.
It's not the same without you.
It's not the same.
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.
It's not the sort of illness that puts your life at risk.
It's not the tail that moves the dog, but the dog that moves the tail.
It's not the time but the will that you lack.
It's not the time to surrender.
It's not the volts that kill you, it's the amps.
It's not the way I imagined it.
It's not the way it used to be.
It's not the weekend.
It's not the worst thing that could happen.
It's not the worst yet.
It's not the wrong method, is it?
It's not the years, honey, it's the mileage.
It's not their fault.
It's not their money.
It's not theologically important.
It's not theoretically possible.
It's not there anymore.
It's not there now.
It's not there.
It's not this one.
It's not through inventions but through improvements that fortunes are made.
It's not till we lose our health that we realize its true value.
It's not time for us to fight back.
It's not time to be kicking up a fuss.
It's not time to die.
It's not time to do that yet.
It's not time to eat yet.
It's not time to fool around.
It's not time to go home yet.
It's not time to stop yet.
It's not time yet.
It's not time.
It's not too cold.
It's not too deep.
It's not too difficult to do that.
It's not too difficult to learn French.
It's not too early.
It's not too expensive.
It's not too fancy.
It's not too far from Boston.
It's not too far from here.
It's not too far to walk.
It's not too far.
It's not too hard to do that.
It's not too hard to learn Arabic.
It's not too hard to learn French.
It's not too hard.
It's not too heavy.
It's not too hot today.
It's not too hot.
It's not too late for Ziri to change.
It's not too late for us to change our schedule.
It's not too late for us to do that.
It's not too late for you to change your mind.
It's not too late for you.
It's not too late to apologize.
It's not too late to ask Tom to do that for you.
It's not too late to call Tom now.
It's not too late to call this off.
It's not too late to cancel everything.
It's not too late to change the schedule.
It's not too late to change your mind.
It's not too late to consider doing that.
It's not too late to do that.
It's not too late to do the right thing.
It's not too late to save Tom.
It's not too late to tell Mary that you love her.
It's not too late to tell Mary you love her.
It's not too late to tell Tom that you love him.
It's not too late to tell Tom you love him.
It's not too late to tell her that you love her.
It's not too late to tell her.
It's not too late to tell him that you love him.
It's not too late to tell him.
It's not too late to turn back.
It's not too late to walk away.
It's not too late.
It's not too late. I beg you, just stay a little longer.
It's not too much of a problem.
It's not too much to ask of you, to clean your own shoes, Tom.
It's not too much to ask you to come to class on time.
It's not too much.
It's not too short, is it?
It's not too spicy, is it?
It's not too spicy?
It's not true Tom died in the hospital. He died at home.
It's not true any more.
It's not true anymore.
It's not true that I would do anything for Tom.
It's not true that Tom did that.
It's not true that Tom died in the fire.
It's not true that Tom died in the hospital.
It's not true that Tom died in the hospital. He died at home.
It's not true that equality is a law of nature; nature makes nothing equal - her sovereign laws are subordination and dependence.
It's not true that he's Japanese.
It's not true that it's Friday.
It's not true that it's Japanese.
It's not true that she's Japanese.
It's not true that there's agreement on this subject.
It's not true that we have little time, but that we waste a lot.
It's not true that we're using up all the oil, because it's actually an infinite energy supply.
It's not true that you're as good a swimmer as she is.
It's not true!
It's not true, but it's ideologically pure, and that's what matters.
It's not true, is it?
It's not true.
It's not ugly.
It's not uncommon for Tom to do things like that.
It's not uncommon for a divorced couple to marry each other again some years after their initial divorce.
It's not uncommon for her to be ill.
It's not uncommon for him to be ill.
It's not uncommon for people to give fake personal information when registering to use websites.
It's not uncommon for students to not study until the night before a test.
It's not uncommon for that kind of thing to happen here.
It's not uncommon for us.
It's not uncommon to hear wolves howling around here.
It's not uncommon to see Americans kissing in public.
It's not uncommon to see two Americans kissing in public.
It's not unheard of.
It's not unjustified, given the circumstances.
It's not unprecedented.
It's not until we lose our health that we appreciate its value.
It's not until we lose our health that we realize the value of it.
It's not until you get sick that you realize the value of good health.
It's not until you have lost your health that you realize its value.
It's not until you have met him that you really understand a man.
It's not until you lose your health that you realize its value.
It's not unusual at all.
It's not unusual for Tom to be late.
It's not unusual for Tom to go to bed before 9:00.
It's not unusual for a student to fall in love with his teacher.
It's not unusual for me to have multiple trips to the bathroom throughout the day.
It's not unusual for people to do that.
It's not unusual for students to do things like that.
It's not unusual for that to happen.
It's not unusual for this kind of thing to happen.
It's not unusual that entire galaxies disappear all of a sudden.
It's not unusual to see Tom here.
It's not unusual to see a film crew shooting either a TV show, movie or commercial on the streets of L.A..
It's not unusual to see a film crew shooting either a TV show, movie or commercial.
It's not unusual to see bears around here.
It's not unusual to see rabbits around here.
It's not unusual.
It's not up for debate.
It's not up for discussion.
It's not up to me.
It's not up to them.
It's not up to us.
It's not up to you to decide who's a Canadian and who isn't.
It's not up to you to manage other people's lives.
It's not up to you.
It's not urgent.
It's not us who did it.
It's not us who did that.
It's not us, it's time that will reveal the truth.
It's not us.
It's not useful.
It's not usually me that does this.
It's not usually this busy.
It's not very common.
It's not very complicated.
It's not very difficult to do.
It's not very difficult.
It's not very durable.
It's not very easy.
It's not very effective.
It's not very expensive.
It's not very far from here.
It's not very fun.
It's not very good.
It's not very hard to do.
It's not very hard to say nonsense in any language.
It's not very hard.
It's not very hygienic to use your hands.
It's not very important.
It's not very impressive.
It's not very interesting here.
It's not very interesting, but go ahead.
It's not very interesting, but here you are.
It's not very interesting.
It's not very likely Tom will want to do that.
It's not very likely that Tom will do that.
It's not very likely that Tom will want to do that.
It's not very likely that Uma is coming.
It's not very likely to rain tomorrow.
It's not very nice.
It's not very often that someone buys a thousand dollar hat.
It's not very often we do this.
It's not very pleasant.
It's not very polite.
It's not very safe in Egypt.
It's not very spicy.
It's not very surprising to hear you say that.
It's not very urgent.
It's not very windy today.
It's not voluntary.
It's not warm enough out to open the window.
It's not warm enough to open the window.
It's not warm.
It's not watered enough.
It's not weapons what you need for peace.
It's not weird.
It's not what I expected.
It's not what I had in mind.
It's not what I meant to say.
It's not what I thought.
It's not what I wanted to say.
It's not what I was expecting.
It's not what I was looking for.
It's not what Jesus would do.
It's not what Jesus would have done.
It's not what Tom said, but the way he said it.
It's not what Tom says that annoys me but the way he says it.
It's not what a man has but what he is that is really important.
It's not what a man has but what he is that's really important.
It's not what he said, but the way he said it.
It's not what is beautiful that is expensive, but what is expensive that is beautiful.
It's not what it looks like.
It's not what it seems.
It's not what we do.
It's not what we expected.
It's not what we thought it was.
It's not what we want to do.
It's not what we want.
It's not what you do, but how you do it that matters.
It's not what you know, it's who you know.
It's not what you look like that matters, but what you can do.
It's not what you said. It's how you said it.
It's not what you say that counts, but how you say it.
It's not what you say that matters, but how you say it.
It's not what you say that matters, it's how you say it.
It's not what you say that matters, it's what you do.
It's not what you say, but how you say it.
It's not what you say, but just the opposite.
It's not what you say, but the way that you say it.
It's not what you say, but what you do that counts.
It's not what you think it is.
It's not what you think!
It's not what you think, I swear.
It's not what you think.
It's not what you wear, it's how you wear it.
It's not what you're thinking.
It's not wheat that I cultivated on the land.
It's not wheat that I planted in the field.
It's not who you think.
It's not why I'm here.
It's not windy today.
It's not wine. It's just grape juice.
It's not wise of you to turn down his offer.
It's not wise to do things out of spite.
It's not without risks.
It's not working all that well.
It's not working anymore.
It's not working for me.
It's not working out.
It's not working particularly well.
It's not working too well.
It's not working well because the batteries are weak.
It's not working yet.
It's not working, Yanni.
It's not working.
It's not worth a dime.
It's not worth a farthing.
It's not worth a sausage!
It's not worth arguing about this tiny detail.
It's not worth arguing about.
It's not worth arguing with rude people.
It's not worth cheating on the test.
It's not worth crying over.
It's not worth discussing.
It's not worth dragging this out.
It's not worth dwelling on.
It's not worth going overboard.
It's not worth going there.
It's not worth it anymore.
It's not worth it to repair this camera.
It's not worth it to repair this car.
It's not worth it to work anymore.
It's not worth it!
It's not worth it, Tom.
It's not worth it.
It's not worth keeping up with fashion.
It's not worth mentioning.
It's not worth much.
It's not worth my time.
It's not worth our time to do that.
It's not worth quarrelling for such a trifle.
It's not worth reading any further.
It's not worth remembering.
It's not worth repairing this camera.
It's not worth saying.
It's not worth taking the risk.
It's not worth talking about.
It's not worth that much.
It's not worth the effort.
It's not worth the headache.
It's not worth the money they're asking for.
It's not worth the money.
It's not worth the pain.
It's not worth the risk.
It's not worth the time.
It's not worth the trouble.
It's not worth the wait.
It's not worth trying to do that.
It's not worth trying.
It's not worth waiting for.
It's not worth worrying about it.
It's not worthwhile going there.
It's not written in French.
It's not wrong, but it's rarely written like that.
It's not wrong, but no one says that any more.
It's not wrong, is it?
It's not wrong.
It's not yet a big enough scandal.
It's not yet certain.
It's not yet clear who will play Karadzic.
It's not yet dry.
It's not yet finished.
It's not yet known who will become the president of the republic.
It's not yet over.
It's not yet the right time.
It's not yet time.
It's not yet what you'd call finished but we're starting to get pretty good results.
It's not yet working.
It's not you I hate.
It's not you I'm speaking to.
It's not you I'm worried about.
It's not you responsibility to do that.
It's not you that I hate.
It's not you that I'm worried about.
It's not you that she loves, it's me.
It's not you whom I want to go with.
It's not you, it's me!
It's not you, it's me.
It's not your choice.
It's not your cup of tea.
It's not your decision to make.
It's not your decision.
It's not your fault that she died.
It's not your fault you have PTSD.
It's not your fault, don't worry.
It's not your fault, is it?
It's not your fault, it's Alison's.
It's not your fault, so don't worry.
It's not your fault.
It's not your fault. I should've been there.
It's not your fault. It's not anybody's fault.
It's not your forte.
It's not your job to change Ziri.
It's not your job.
It's not your life.
It's not your money I want.
It's not your money that I want.
It's not your mother tongue, so your pronunciation will never be accurate.
It's not your place to define someone's worth.
It's not your problem, anyway.
It's not your problem.
It's not your style.
It's not your turn yet.
It's not your turn.
It's not yours to say.
It's not yours.
It's not, love.
It's not, really.
It's not.
It's nothing I can't handle.
It's nothing but a PR trick.
It's nothing but a glorified paperweight now.
It's nothing but a kind of joke.
It's nothing but a mild stroke.
It's nothing but a stupid rock.
It's nothing but flattery.
It's nothing but hearsay.
It's nothing compared to what he did to me.
It's nothing compared to what he did.
It's nothing compared to what she did to me.
It's nothing compared to what she did.
It's nothing crazy.
It's nothing extraordinary.
It's nothing impressive. It's just a bit part in that play.
It's nothing like desk work.
It's nothing like that.
It's nothing major.
It's nothing more than a job like any other.
It's nothing more than that.
It's nothing new to me.
It's nothing new.
It's nothing personal, Dan. I'm just doing my job.
It's nothing personal, Tom.
It's nothing personal.
It's nothing serious, I hope?
It's nothing serious.
It's nothing serious. I don't bear him a grudge.
It's nothing short of a miracle.
It's nothing special.
It's nothing that I can't cope with.
It's nothing that can't wait.
It's nothing to be afraid of.
It's nothing to be alarmed about.
It's nothing to be ashamed of.
It's nothing to be embarrassed about.
It's nothing to be sorry about.
It's nothing to do with me, equals, I don't have to be here. So I'm getting out of here, whatever anybody says!
It's nothing to get upset about.
It's nothing to make a fuss about.
It's nothing to shake a stick at.
It's nothing to worry about, OK?
It's nothing to worry about.
It's nothing to worry about. It's just a scratch.
It's nothing to write home about.
It's nothing to write home to mother about.
It's nothing unusual for pupils to start revising for a test only the night before.
It's nothing we can use.
It's nothing worth considering.
It's nothing you need to worry about.
It's nothing!
It's nothing, don't be afraid!
It's nothing, don't worry!
It's nothing.
It's nothing. It's just a dog.
It's noticeable how this isn't the first time you've done it.
It's now 2.45.
It's now 2:30.
It's now 3:00 a.m. in Japan.
It's now 4.15.
It's now 6.15.
It's now 8.45.
It's now April.
It's now August.
It's now December.
It's now February.
It's now January.
It's now July.
It's now June.
It's now March.
It's now May.
It's now November.
It's now October.
It's now September.
It's now Tom's turn to ask questions.
It's now Tom's turn to speak.
It's now a habit.
It's now a quarter past six in the evening.
It's now a quarter past six.
It's now a quarter to three.
It's now almost one o'clock.
It's now clear that it was Tom who did that.
It's now dark outside.
It's now eight years ago.
It's now eleven in the morning.
It's now exactly 2:30.
It's now exactly four o'clock.
It's now fairly common.
It's now four o'clock.
It's now half past one.
It's now half past ten.
It's now impossible to do that.
It's now my turn to do that.
It's now my turn to laugh.
It's now my turn to speak.
It's now my turn.
It's now nine o'clock.
It's now official.
It's now open to the public.
It's now or never.
It's now planting season.
It's now possible to apply online.
It's now possible to create a YouTube channel solely for telling lies.
It's now quarter past four.
It's now quarter past six.
It's now quarter to nine.
It's now quarter to three.
It's now ready to use.
It's now six fifteen in the evening.
It's now six fifteen.
It's now tasty Ayu season.
It's now that I'm coming back from school.
It's now the season when cheetahs like to chase after herds of deer and when wild turkeys gather into rafters and go cluck together.
It's now their chance to express themselves.
It's now time for me to go to bed.
It's now time for you to go home.
It's now time for you to rest.
It's now time to act.
It's now time to bring our soldiers home.
It's now time to do that.
It's now time to eat.
It's now time to fish or cut bait.
It's now time to get back to basics.
It's now time to get out of here.
It's now time to get the show on the road.
It's now time to get this show on the road.
It's now time to get to work.
It's now time to leave.
It's now time to relax.
It's now time to say goodbye.
It's now time to take action.
It's now too late to do that.
It's now too late to make any changes.
It's now up to you.
It's now very common to hear people say, "I'm rather offended by that", as if that gives them certain rights. It's no more than a whine. It has no meaning, it has no purpose, it has no reason to be respected as a phrase. "I'm offended by that." Well, so fucking what?
It's now well after suppertime so he will have eaten.
It's now windy.
It's now your turn to cry.
It's now your turn to talk.
It's now your turn.
It's nowhere near as hot today as it was yesterday.
It's nowhere near magenta, it's too bright.
It's objectively harder that way.
It's obscene.
It's obsolete.
It's obvious Tom and Mary are more than just friends.
It's obvious Tom and Mary are waiting for somebody.
It's obvious Tom and Mary are waiting for someone.
It's obvious Tom and Mary don't know anything.
It's obvious Tom and Mary don't like each other.
It's obvious Tom and Mary don't want to do that together.
It's obvious Tom and Mary don't want to talk about what happened.
It's obvious Tom and Mary have had a rough day.
It's obvious Tom and Mary like each other.
It's obvious Tom can't do it without some help.
It's obvious Tom can't do that without some help.
It's obvious Tom doesn't care about us.
It's obvious Tom doesn't know anything.
It's obvious Tom doesn't like Mary anymore.
It's obvious Tom doesn't like Mary very much.
It's obvious Tom doesn't like Mary.
It's obvious Tom doesn't like doing that.
It's obvious Tom doesn't want to be here.
It's obvious Tom doesn't want to do that.
It's obvious Tom doesn't want to talk about it.
It's obvious Tom doesn't want to talk about this.
It's obvious Tom doesn't want to talk about what happened.
It's obvious Tom has had a rough day.
It's obvious Tom is a skilled musician.
It's obvious Tom is angry.
It's obvious Tom is exhausted.
It's obvious Tom is in love with Mary.
It's obvious Tom is just pretending to be asleep.
It's obvious Tom is right.
It's obvious Tom is sick.
It's obvious Tom is waiting for somebody.
It's obvious Tom is waiting for someone.
It's obvious Tom is wrong.
It's obvious Tom isn't interested in girls.
It's obvious Tom isn't talking to Mary.
It's obvious Tom isn't used to living on a tight budget.
It's obvious Tom knows what he's doing.
It's obvious Tom knows what he's talking about.
It's obvious Tom lied.
It's obvious Tom really cares about Mary.
It's obvious Tom wants to die.
It's obvious Tom wants to do that.
It's obvious Tom was lying.
It's obvious Tom won't be able to do that without some help.
It's obvious but the connection between people is "words". It is by those words that thoughts are shared and arguments carried out.
It's obvious from Tom's accent that he comes from Australia.
It's obvious he drank wine.
It's obvious he was pretending to be sick.
It's obvious he's a half-wit, just looking at him.
It's obvious he's wrong.
It's obvious my team is going to win.
It's obvious she wrote this letter in a hurry.
It's obvious she's not my type.
It's obvious that I spend too much time studying Chinese characters, so I ought to study other aspects of the language more.
It's obvious that Mary knows what she's doing.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary are exhausted.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary are just pretending to be asleep.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary are more than just friends.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary are skilled musicians.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary are waiting for somebody.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary are waiting for someone.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary don't like doing that.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary don't like each other.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary don't want to be here.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary don't want to do that together.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary know what they're doing.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary like each other.
It's obvious that Tom can't do it without some help.
It's obvious that Tom can't do that without some help.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't care about us.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't know anything.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't like Mary anymore.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't like Mary very much.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't like Mary.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't like doing that.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't want to be here.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't want to do that.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't want to talk about it.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't want to talk about this.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't want to talk about what happened.
It's obvious that Tom has had a rough day.
It's obvious that Tom is a skilled musician.
It's obvious that Tom is angry.
It's obvious that Tom is exhausted.
It's obvious that Tom is in love with Mary.
It's obvious that Tom is just pretending to be asleep.
It's obvious that Tom is not interested in girls.
It's obvious that Tom is right.
It's obvious that Tom is sick.
It's obvious that Tom is waiting for somebody.
It's obvious that Tom is waiting for someone.
It's obvious that Tom is wrong.
It's obvious that Tom isn't interested in girls.
It's obvious that Tom isn't talking to Mary.
It's obvious that Tom isn't used to living on a tight budget.
It's obvious that Tom knows what he's doing.
It's obvious that Tom knows what he's talking about.
It's obvious that Tom lied.
It's obvious that Tom really cares about Mary.
It's obvious that Tom took aim at me.
It's obvious that Tom wants to die.
It's obvious that Tom wants to do that.
It's obvious that Tom was lying.
It's obvious that Tom won't be able to do that without some help.
It's obvious that Tom wrote this in a hurry.
It's obvious that Tom's right.
It's obvious that he lied.
It's obvious that he likes you!
It's obvious that he's in love with her.
It's obvious that he's in the wrong.
It's obvious that he's innocent.
It's obvious that he's not used to living on a tight budget.
It's obvious that he's right.
It's obvious that he's wrong.
It's obvious that it can't go on like this.
It's obvious that she doesn't care about us.
It's obvious that she doesn't love her husband.
It's obvious that she speaks English.
It's obvious that she wrote this letter in great haste.
It's obvious that she's innocent.
It's obvious that she's sick.
It's obvious that something was born between them.
It's obvious that that's a lie.
It's obvious that the bus is delayed.
It's obvious that they want to destroy Tom completely.
It's obvious that things can't go on like this.
It's obvious that this news shocked you.
It's obvious that this politician has a hidden agenda.
It's obvious that we can't go on like this.
It's obvious that you are an intelligent boy.
It's obvious that you don't live here.
It's obvious that you like her.
It's obvious that you like him.
It's obvious that you told a lie.
It's obvious that you two want to be alone together.
It's obvious that you're interested in buying this dress.
It's obvious that you're lying.
It's obvious that you're no longer interested.
It's obvious that you're right.
It's obvious that you're wrong.
It's obvious that's a lie.
It's obvious that's what you want.
It's obvious the man is wrong.
It's obvious the washer broke down.
It's obvious there's something wrong.
It's obvious to everyone that he is in love.
It's obvious to everyone that he's a genius.
It's obvious to everyone.
It's obvious what Tom and Mary are trying to do.
It's obvious what Tom is trying to do.
It's obvious what has to happen.
It's obvious what he's trying to do.
It's obvious what needs to be done.
It's obvious what they intended.
It's obvious why his stomach hurts.
It's obvious why this is.
It's obvious why you have a stomachache.
It's obvious why your stomach hurts.
It's obvious you are an intelligent boy.
It's obvious you don't live here.
It's obvious you told a lie.
It's obvious you two want to be alone together.
It's obvious you're an intelligent boy.
It's obvious you're lying.
It's obvious you're no longer interested.
It's obvious you're trying to hard to keep up appearances.
It's obvious you're wrong.
It's obvious you've never even looked at this from another perspective, so how can you claim to be neutral?
It's obvious!
It's obvious, isn't it?
It's obvious.
It's obviously a bad example.
It's obviously a bluff.
It's obviously a lie.
It's obviously a mistake.
It's obviously a typo.
It's obviously broken.
It's obviously fake.
It's obviously for a good cause.
It's obviously going to be difficult to do that.
It's obviously going to be hard to do that.
It's obviously good news.
It's obviously impossible.
It's obviously not exactly the same problem.
It's obviously not over yet.
It's obviously ruined.
It's obviously strange.
It's obviously very painful.
It's obviously your fault.
It's occupied.
It's odd being in here after so long.
It's odd that chickens never fall off their perches when they're asleep.
It's odd that there should be a light on in the office at this hour.
It's odd that you don't know anything about her wedding.
It's odd.
It's of great importance.
It's of great significance.
It's of my liking.
It's of no consequence.
It's of no importance.
It's of no use to me.
It's of no value to them.
It's off the books.
It's off. The whole thing.
It's offensive how inoffensive you are!
It's offensive to me.
It's offensive.
It's official business.
It's official now.
It's official, I'm actually home.
It's official.
It's often claimed that football is Germany's national sport.
It's often cold, so overcoats are advisable.
It's often difficult to do the right thing.
It's often easier to say "yes", than to say "no".
It's often hard for neurotypical people to understand what neuroatypical people go through on a daily basis.
It's often hard to ask for help.
It's often hard to do the right thing.
It's often not easy for some native speakers to explain slang to a non-native speaker.
It's often said that Japanese is a difficult language to learn.
It's often said that it's difficult to get into a Japanese university, but it's easy to earn a degree.
It's often said that the best way to learn a foreign language is to learn from a native speaker.
It's often said that women live longer than men.
It's often said that you should judge people by the company they keep.
It's often said the best way to learn a foreign language is to learn from a native speaker.
It's often said you should judge people by the company they keep.
It's often very hard to acknowledge that you may have outgrown your friendship.
It's ok now?
It's ok to be silly.
It's ok to play the fool.
It's okay as long as no one finds out about it.
It's okay for a man to cry.
It's okay for boys to cry.
It's okay for you to be here.
It's okay if you don't want to talk about it.
It's okay if you go in there and take a seat.
It's okay if you laugh at your own jokes. It annoys me when Tom does, but that's because he isn't very funny.
It's okay if you want to.
It's okay now.
It's okay then.
It's okay to admit you're wrong.
It's okay to bathe first.
It's okay to be angry, but it's not okay to punch a hole in the wall with your fist.
It's okay to be crazy.
It's okay to be different; that's what makes life rich.
It's okay to be disliked by some.
It's okay to be gay.
It's okay to be mad at someone who hurt you.
It's okay to be single until you find the right person for yourself.
It's okay to be vulnerable and open about your feelings; they are valid and important.
It's okay to be weird.
It's okay to be wrong.
It's okay to change your mind.
It's okay to cry when you're sad.
It's okay to cry.
It's okay to doubt.
It's okay to feel emotions.
It's okay to feel this way; your emotions are a part of being human.
It's okay to go.
It's okay to have and share different views.
It's okay to lie to authority figures.
It's okay to look at things from a different perspective.
It's okay to look, but it's rude to stare.
It's okay to make mistakes.
It's okay to not be okay.
It's okay to not be perfect.
It's okay to punch Nazis.
It's okay to raise your hand and ask a question.
It's okay to raise your hand.
It's okay to take a bath first.
It's okay to take it easy sometimes.
It's okay, Tom. It's only me.
It's okay, Tom. It's over.
It's okay, Tom. You're safe now.
It's okay, just keep going.
It's okay, you can tell me.
It's okay.
It's okay. I forgive you.
It's okay. I won't bite.
It's okay. I've got this.
It's okay. It's just me.
It's okay. It's only me.
It's okay. You're safe now.
It's old and clunky.
It's old, but I still love it.
It's old.
It's older than YouTube.
It's older than that.
It's on Monday evenings at nine.
It's on every Friday at six.
It's on every computer by default.
It's on every evening at eight.
It's on fire!
It's on fire.
It's on its last legs.
It's on its second instar.
It's on its way.
It's on me.
It's on my desk.
It's on my list of things to do.
It's on my nightstand.
It's on my way.
It's on now on TF1.
It's on page 3.
It's on telly right now.
It's on the aggressor's side of town.
It's on the bed.
It's on the bottom shelf.
It's on the coast about 13 kilometers to the north of its more famous neighbor, Dover.
It's on the eighth floor.
It's on the first floor of that building.
It's on the first floor.
It's on the ground floor.
It's on the house.
It's on the left.
It's on the mantelpiece.
It's on the next corner.
It's on the other side of the lake.
It's on the other side of the park.
It's on the other side of the river.
It's on the same track.
It's on the schedule.
It's on the sofa.
It's on the table.
It's on the third floor of this building.
It's on the tip of my tongue!
It's on the tip of my tongue.
It's on the way.
It's on the west side of the island.
It's on this point that our opinions differ.
It's on top.
It's on your desk.
It's on your left.
It's on your schedule.
It's on your table.
It's one and the same thing.
It's one and the same.
It's one forty-five.
It's one less thing to worry about.
It's one mile from here.
It's one more egg, one less egg.
It's one o'clock now.
It's one o'clock sharp.
It's one o'clock.
It's one of Boston's most romantic restaurants.
It's one of Tatoeba's best kept secrets.
It's one of Tom's triggers.
It's one of life's greatest pleasures.
It's one of mine.
It's one of my favorite books.
It's one of my favorite dishes.
It's one of my favorite films.
It's one of my favorite movies.
It's one of my favorite spots.
It's one of my favorites.
It's one of my favourite books.
It's one of my favourite films.
It's one of my favourite television series.
It's one of my hobbies.
It's one of our biggest problems.
It's one of our rules.
It's one of our specialties.
It's one of the basic human instincts.
It's one of the best books I've ever read.
It's one of the best books I've read in years.
It's one of the best known books in Brazilian literature.
It's one of the best movies I've ever seen adapted from a novel.
It's one of the best restaurants in Boston.
It's one of the biggest mysteries in science today.
It's one of the biggest regrets of my life.
It's one of the cleanest cities in the world.
It's one of the deadliest types of cancer; the survival rate is less than 50%.
It's one of the dumbest things I've ever done.
It's one of the greatest books of all time.
It's one of the greatest taboos of our time.
It's one of the greenest cities in the world.
It's one of the isotopes that can be found in the Earth's crust.
It's one of the largest cities in the world.
It's one of the most beautiful cities in the world.
It's one of the most boring cities in the world.
It's one of the most dangerous cities in the world.
It's one of the most difficult things I've ever had to do.
It's one of the most difficult things that I've ever had to do.
It's one of the most exclusive addresses in the city.
It's one of the most expensive cities in the world.
It's one of the most fun edutainment shows I've ever watched.
It's one of the most polluted cities in the world.
It's one of the oldest buildings in Boston.
It's one of the oldest tricks in the book.
It's one of the qualities I like most about you.
It's one of the reasons.
It's one of the richest cities in the world.
It's one of the safest cities in the world.
It's one of the shakiest arguments in support of that theory.
It's one of the shows I've been meaning to watch with Tom.
It's one of the shows I've been meaning to watch.
It's one of the stupidest things I've ever done.
It's one of the things that I like about you.
It's one of the wealthiest cities in the world.
It's one of the world's greatest collections.
It's one of their better songs.
It's one of those days when it would've been better to stay in bed.
It's one of those days when you would've been better off staying in bed.
It's one of those days.
It's one of those moments.
It's one of those songs you could listen to for hours.
It's one of those stories that you wish would never end, like a dream from which you don't want to wake.
It's one of those stories you wish would never end, like a dream you don't want to wake up from.
It's one of those.
It's one of your quirks.
It's one per customer.
It's one small step for a person, but one giant leap for a flea.
It's one thing to have passion. It's another to know how to channel it.
It's one thing to make plans, but quite another to carry them out.
It's one thing to promise, another to do.
It's one thing to speak a language; teaching it is a whole new ball game.
It's one thing to translate, and it's another to localize.
It's one who shares in another's wealth that hails him as a generous person.
It's one's self I'm deceiving.
It's only 2:30.
It's only 6 months old!
It's only Mennad.
It's only Monday.
It's only Sami.
It's only Tom who does that.
It's only Tom.
It's only a 5 minute walk from the train station.
It's only a Google search away.
It's only a book.
It's only a computer.
It's only a dream.
It's only a fifteen minute bus ride from here to the airport.
It's only a five-minute walk to the school.
It's only a five-minute walk.
It's only a flesh-wound, as they say.
It's only a game.
It's only a guess.
It's only a matter of adaptation.
It's only a matter of knowing where to look.
It's only a matter of time before Putin sends little green men to occupy the moon.
It's only a matter of time before Tom and Mary get into trouble again.
It's only a matter of time before Tom gets into trouble again.
It's only a matter of time before Tom leaves you.
It's only a matter of time before Tom runs into the same trouble we did.
It's only a matter of time before the meteor strikes.
It's only a matter of time before they find Tom.
It's only a matter of time before we find the thief.
It's only a matter of time before we're going to have to do this again.
It's only a matter of time now.
It's only a matter of time.
It's only a minor misunderstanding.
It's only a minor setback.
It's only a painting.
It's only a personal opinion.
It's only a placebo.
It's only a play.
It's only a question of money.
It's only a question of time now.
It's only a question of time.
It's only a rumor.
It's only a scratch.
It's only a short bus ride from downtown to our hotel.
It's only a short trip. Enjoy it!
It's only a short way, so you can walk there in a few minutes.
It's only a sin if you get caught.
It's only a slight cold.
It's only a small house but it meets my needs perfectly.
It's only a small setback.
It's only a stone's throw away from where I was born.
It's only a stopgap measure.
It's only a temporary fix.
It's only a temporary solution.
It's only a temporary thing.
It's only a ten-minute walk.
It's only a theory at the moment.
It's only a theory.
It's only a three-hour flight.
It's only a toy.
It's only about a three-minute walk from here.
It's only activated by heat.
It's only an approximation.
It's only an estimate.
It's only an incremental improvement over what we had before, but at least it demonstrates some progress.
It's only an insect bite.
It's only an invitation.
It's only another false alarm.
It's only awkward if you make it awkward.
It's only awkward if you make it so.
It's only been a week since I arrived in Australia.
It's only been a week since I arrived in Boston.
It's only been five days.
It's only been one day.
It's only been three days.
It's only been three weeks since Tom died.
It's only been three years.
It's only been two years.
It's only blood.
It's only collateral damage.
It's only effective at close range.
It's only every now and then, but I feel pain near my heart as if someone were pressing on it strongly.
It's only fair.
It's only five in the morning, but it's quickly becoming bright.
It's only five minutes on foot.
It's only for a few weeks.
It's only for three days.
It's only four minutes from here by train.
It's only four o'clock.
It's only getting bigger.
It's only going to get better.
It's only going to get worse now.
It's only going to take a couple of minutes.
It's only going to take a few minutes.
It's only going to take a minute.
It's only going to take a second.
It's only going to take three minutes.
It's only gotten worse.
It's only half past four.
It's only half the story.
It's only her.
It's only him.
It's only illegal if you get caught.
It's only just begun.
It's only just left – about a minute ago.
It's only just left.
It's only just the beginning.
It's only leaves and branches.
It's only like four o'clock.
It's only manners to tackle all out a game that they have gone all out in creating. Pressing the pause button is just rude!
It's only me.
It's only mid-afternoon.
It's only mildly chilly at night.
It's only money.
It's only my money he's interested in.
It's only my opinion; I am not sure about anything.
It's only natural that he's proud of his child.
It's only natural that he's proud of his son.
It's only natural that she's proud of her child.
It's only natural to keep up with the Joneses.
It's only now that I understand you.
It's only on microfilm.
It's only once we know who the seekers are that we will find what we have been searching for in vain for so long.
It's only over if you let it be over.
It's only quarter to eight.
It's only six pence per second.
It's only taken three years.
It's only temporary.
It's only ten minutes' walk from here.
It's only ten o'clock.
It's only the anti-war pinkos who say things like Saddam isn't a threat.
It's only the beginning of AI-generated art.
It's only the beginning.
It's only the most capable who do the work.
It's only the poor who are generous.
It's only the shops I often go to that go out of business.
It's only three days till Christmas.
It's only three days until Christmas.
It's only three miles to the village.
It's only three o'clock, and it's already dark.
It's only three o'clock, but it's already dark.
It's only three o'clock.
It's only three weeks since she came, and it seems as if she'd been here always.
It's only too true!
It's only twenty minutes to the railway station by taxi.
It's only twenty minutes to the station by taxi.
It's only two miles to the town.
It's only two miles to the village.
It's only two miles to town.
It's only when I can't sleep at night that the ticking of the clock becomes loud enough to bother me.
It's only when I can't sleep at night that the ticking of the clock bothers me.
It's only when I have things I have to do that I find I want to do things I don't have to do.
It's only worth three dollars.
It's only wrong when other people do it.
It's only you who wants it.
It's only your imagination.
It's oozing something green.
It's open daily from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. all year round.
It's open every day of the year.
It's open mic night.
It's open source software.
It's open ten to six daily throughout the year.
It's open to interpretation.
It's open to negotiation.
It's open year-round from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
It's open.
It's open. Come inside.
It's optional.
It's orange in color.
It's our anniversary tomorrow.
It's our anniversary tonight.
It's our birthday, we were born on the same day.
It's our bus.
It's our car.
It's our country, too.
It's our destiny.
It's our dream that our children receive a good education.
It's our dream that our children should receive a good education.
It's our duty to always follow the law.
It's our duty to always obey the law.
It's our duty to bring the situation back to normal.
It's our duty to do that.
It's our duty to do this.
It's our duty to help them.
It's our duty to help.
It's our duty to obey the law.
It's our duty to pay attention to the law.
It's our duty to support Tom.
It's our duty to take care of new Muslims.
It's our duty.
It's our fault.
It's our final dress rehearsal and I want it to be flawless.
It's our first class.
It's our first lesson.
It's our hope that Tom will accept our offer.
It's our job to do that.
It's our job to help Tom.
It's our job to help her.
It's our job to help him.
It's our job to help them.
It's our job to help you.
It's our job to keep that from happening.
It's our job to make certain Tom and Mary don't do that.
It's our job to make certain Tom doesn't do that.
It's our job to stop that from happening.
It's our job.
It's our last hope.
It's our one hope.
It's our only chance.
It's our only hope.
It's our only option.
It's our only show.
It's our own fault.
It's our pleasure.
It's our responsibility to take care of this.
It's our sacred duty.
It's our secret.
It's our system.
It's our third day in Boston.
It's our third day in Kabylie.
It's our third win this year.
It's our turn soon.
It's our turn to do that.
It's our turn to pay the bill.
It's our turn with the boys.
It's our turn.
It's ours.
It's out of fashion.
It's out of my control.
It's out of my hands now.
It's out of my hands.
It's out of our control now.
It's out of our hands.
It's out of stock, but I can give you a rain check.
It's out of the question for me to leave my job.
It's out of the question!
It's out of the question.
It's out of your control.
It's out of your hands.
It's outdated.
It's outrageous that you're riding a bicycle even though you're a woman. Women should stop trying to imitate men.
It's outside my expertise.
It's outside the realm of possibility.
It's outside your jurisdiction.
It's outstanding.
It's over a hundred years old.
It's over at last.
It's over between Mary and me.
It's over between us.
It's over between us. Give me back my ring!
It's over here.
It's over if you start acting in your own self-interest.
It's over nine thousand!
It's over now, right?
It's over now.
It's over there on the left.
It's over there that she likes to go.
It's over there, go ahead.
It's over there.
It's over three kilometers from here.
It's over to stay silent and obey these tyrants, we need to take action now!
It's over when I say it's over.
It's over!
It's over, I no longer see any chance for us.
It's over, Tom. I have the high ground.
It's over, he stopped teaching.
It's over, isn't it?
It's over, we're out of gas.
It's over.
It's overcast at the beach today.
It's overcast today.
It's overly optimistic to think we won't have any problems.
It's packed!
It's paid off, too.
It's painful making love.
It's painful sitting here for hours.
It's painful to be rejected.
It's painful to do that, isn't it?
It's painful to keep sitting for hours.
It's paper.
It's paradise here in spring.
It's parky.
It's part of growing up.
It's part of her charm.
It's part of life.
It's part of my job.
It's part of my morning routine.
It's part of my responsibility.
It's part of police procedure to ask that.
It's part of the fun.
It's part of the game.
It's part of the job.
It's part of the system.
It's partly my fault.
It's partly your fault.
It's passable. Nothing out of the ordinary.
It's past 2:30 and Tom is still not here.
It's past 2:30 and Tom isn't here yet.
It's past Tom's bedtime.
It's past eight.
It's past midnight and I'm still not sleeping.
It's past midnight here.
It's past midnight.
It's past my bedtime.
It's past my curfew.
It's past noon. Let's eat.
It's past six o'clock and they're not here.
It's past the square.
It's past three.
It's past three. I should be tired, but I'm not.
It's past your bedtime.
It's pasta.
It's pastors who are a threat to children, not drag queens.
It's patently obvious.
It's pathetic, isn't it?
It's pathetic.
It's patience that counts.
It's payback for wrongdoing in a previous life.
It's payback time.
It's payday today.
It's payday.
It's peculiar.
It's pelting down.
It's people like them who make every day special.
It's people like you that ruin things for everyone.
It's people like you who are ruining it for everyone else.
It's people like you who are ruining our country.
It's people like you who give Boston a bad name.
It's people like you who make the world go round.
It's perfect as it is.
It's perfect!
It's perfect, if I do say so myself.
It's perfect.
It's perfect: Without any faults.
It's perfectly acceptable to disagree.
It's perfectly acceptable to have boundaries.
It's perfectly appalling to think of being twenty, Marilla. It sounds so fearfully old and grown up.
It's perfectly equal!
It's perfectly fine to disagree.
It's perfectly harmless.
It's perfectly legal.
It's perfectly natural for you to be proud of our son.
It's perfectly natural that Tom would want to do that.
It's perfectly normal to envy other people's successes.
It's perfectly normal.
It's perfectly safe here.
It's perfectly safe in there.
It's perfectly understandable.
It's perfectly useless.
It's perfectly white.
It's permissible to doubt.
It's personal.
It's personally very satisfying.
It's perverse that the lives of four rich guys are worth more than hundreds of refugees.
It's phenomenal.
It's phony.
It's pi o'clock.
It's pink, not red.
It's pissing down.
It's pissing rain out there!
It's pissing with rain.
It's pitch black in the basement.
It's pitch black inside the cave.
It's pitch black now.
It's pitch black out and the fire has completely gone out.
It's pitch black out.
It's pitch black outside now.
It's pitch black outside.
It's pitch black.
It's pitch dark.
It's pitiful, politics today!
It's pity that nobody came to meet you at the station.
It's planting season in Iowa right now.
It's playtime.
It's pleasant to be next to her.
It's pleasant to take a walk on the plateau.
It's pleasantly sunny.
It's pleasing to see how green everything is.
It's poetic.
It's poetic; that's all.
It's poetry.
It's pointless and way too late to deny the existence of the Berber language. Berber is now an official language in both Algeria and Morocco and it's being actively developed and promoted in both countries.
It's pointless arguing with him.
It's pointless to argue with a disturbed individual like that.
It's pointless to compete in memorization.
It's pointless to convince myself that I'll recover from my illness.
It's pointless to deny that I'm better with women than you.
It's pointless to expect different results if you keep doing things the same way.
It's pointless to hope for more.
It's pointless to talk about freedom to a slave who thinks himself a free man.
It's pointless to talk to Tom.
It's pointless to try to kick Yanni and Skura out. There's here to stay.
It's pointless to try to stop Tom from doing that.
It's pointless to try to stop Yanni and Skura.
It's pointless to waste time doing that.
It's pointless trying to keep Tom from doing that.
It's pointless trying to stop Tom doing that.
It's pointless.
It's pointless. However much we try, we won't succeed. Now admit it.
It's pointless. No matter how much we try, we can't succeed. Time to admit it.
It's poison.
It's poisoned.
It's polite to say "Bon apétit" before eating one's meal.
It's polite to say "itadakimasu" before eating one's meal.
It's politics.
It's pollen season.
It's poor form to spit from the window into the street, or into the fire, or anywhere people might step on what you have spit.
It's poorly placed.
It's popular among senior citizens.
It's popular among the elderly.
It's popular in Australia.
It's popular in China.
It's popular with students.
It's popular with women.
It's pork or nothing.
It's porridge that the baby ate.
It's possible Claudio destroyed the phone.
It's possible I said that, but I don't remember saying it.
It's possible Tom and Mary are related.
It's possible Tom and Mary aren't there anymore.
It's possible Tom and Mary don't have driver's licenses.
It's possible Tom came here when he was a boy.
It's possible Tom came here when he was young.
It's possible Tom didn't know about the meeting.
It's possible Tom doesn't have a driver's license.
It's possible Tom is lying.
It's possible Tom isn't going to be there.
It's possible Tom isn't there anymore.
It's possible Tom may not know I'm here.
It's possible Tom may not know that I'm here.
It's possible Tom may not know what to do.
It's possible Tom might not come.
It's possible Tom might not know I'm here.
It's possible Tom might not know that I'm here.
It's possible Tom was lying.
It's possible Tom will do that.
It's possible Tom won't attend the meeting today.
It's possible Tom won't be able to do that.
It's possible Tom won't come.
It's possible Tom won't do that.
It's possible Tom won't want to do that.
It's possible for a ball of lead to float on water.
It's possible for a pimple to get infected.
It's possible for even a teacher to make a mistake.
It's possible for people to be redeemed.
It's possible for us to have contrasting opinions.
It's possible he will spend more time in Hainan.
It's possible she's ill.
It's possible that I left my wallet on the bus.
It's possible that I might be in Australia next Monday.
It's possible that I might be in Boston next Monday.
It's possible that I might not be at tomorrow afternoon's meeting.
It's possible that I might run into Tom.
It's possible that I'll go to your house with my new friend.
It's possible that Mary didn't drink it.
It's possible that Tom and Mary are geniuses.
It's possible that Tom and Mary aren't telling the truth.
It's possible that Tom and Mary don't realize how serious the problem is.
It's possible that Tom and Mary haven't done that yet.
It's possible that Tom and Mary haven't done that.
It's possible that Tom came here when he was a boy.
It's possible that Tom came here when he was young.
It's possible that Tom did that alone.
It's possible that Tom did that.
It's possible that Tom didn't do that alone.
It's possible that Tom didn't do that.
It's possible that Tom didn't know about the meeting.
It's possible that Tom didn't know he was supposed to be here.
It's possible that Tom doesn't know how to unclog a sink.
It's possible that Tom doesn't realize how serious the problem is.
It's possible that Tom hasn't done that yet.
It's possible that Tom hasn't done that.
It's possible that Tom is a genius.
It's possible that Tom is lying.
It's possible that Tom isn't going to be there.
It's possible that Tom isn't telling the truth.
It's possible that Tom lied to you.
It's possible that Tom may not know I'm here.
It's possible that Tom may not know Mary can't understand French.
It's possible that Tom may not know Mary is in the hospital.
It's possible that Tom may not know that I'm here.
It's possible that Tom may not know that Mary can't understand French.
It's possible that Tom may not know that Mary is in the hospital.
It's possible that Tom may not know that we're having a meeting tomorrow afternoon.
It's possible that Tom may not know we're having a meeting tomorrow afternoon.
It's possible that Tom may not know what to do.
It's possible that Tom might not know I'm here.
It's possible that Tom might not know that I'm here.
It's possible that Tom was able to convince Mary to do his laundry for him.
It's possible that Tom was lying.
It's possible that Tom will be here soon.
It's possible that Tom will do that.
It's possible that Tom will get into Harvard.
It's possible that Tom won't be able to do that.
It's possible that Tom won't be here on time.
It's possible that Tom won't be here today.
It's possible that Tom won't come.
It's possible that Tom won't do that.
It's possible that Tom won't want to do that.
It's possible that Yanni is delusional.
It's possible that he came here as a child.
It's possible that he came here when he was a boy.
It's possible that he came here when he was young.
It's possible that he will not come.
It's possible that he's a genius.
It's possible that none of them are correct.
It's possible that she was surprised to hear the news.
It's possible that she won't come.
It's possible that that'll happen soon.
It's possible that that'll happen.
It's possible that the airplane won't be able to fly due to the storm.
It's possible that the book is lost.
It's possible that the drinking water has chlorine, lead, or similar contaminants in it.
It's possible that the tardigrades that went to the moon in an Israeli spacecraft are still alive.
It's possible that the victim is wounded in the head.
It's possible that there may still be an opportunity to do that.
It's possible that they haven't seen each other's faces.
It's possible that they'll go to the supermarket today.
It's possible that we might do that next week.
It's possible that we won't be able to do that.
It's possible that we won't be able to eat tuna in the future.
It's possible that we won't be able to get to Boston in time for the wedding.
It's possible that we'll need to do that.
It's possible that you are right in that respect.
It's possible that you don't know this.
It's possible that you were mistaken.
It's possible that you won't manage to do that.
It's possible that'll happen.
It's possible the book is lost.
It's possible the cold has destroyed you.
It's possible the plaintiff misrepresented the facts, but the defendant did themselves no favours by giving the appearance of lying in court.
It's possible there was voter fraud.
It's possible things will get worse.
It's possible to appeal.
It's possible to branch out from computing to jobs in banking, accountancy and so on.
It's possible to build a community without hate.
It's possible to calculate the Earth's mass using a formula that includes the Moon's rotation period around the sun, the average distance between the Earth and the Moon, the gravitational context and the number π.
It's possible to drown in a bathtub.
It's possible to eat green beans raw.
It's possible to go blind from drinking moonshine.
It's possible to lift weights and study a new language at the same time.
It's possible to rape a sex worker.
It's possible to remotely command a satellite's self-destruction.
It's possible to send people to Mars.
It's possible to sin against dogs too.
It's possible to sneeze with your eyes open.
It's possible to spot Uranus with the naked eye.
It's possible to start a business without any capital.
It's possible to study English with a native speaker almost anywhere in the world.
It's possible to survive on just rice and beans.
It's possible to twist your tongue.
It's possible to win every battle, but still lose the war.
It's possible we might find a better way to do this.
It's possible we won't be able to do that.
It's possible we won't be able to get to Boston in time for the wedding.
It's possible we'll arrive at the Tokyo station around noon.
It's possible, but not probable.
It's possible, but unlikely.
It's possible, isn't it?
It's possible, right?
It's possible, though rare, for humans to catch diseases from animals.
It's possible.
It's potentially a huge market.
It's pouring down rain here.
It's pouring down rain.
It's pouring down!
It's pouring down.
It's pouring outside.
It's pouring pretty hard out there!
It's pouring rain here.
It's pouring rain.
It's pouring terribly.
It's pouring with rain here.
It's pouring with rain.
It's pouring.
It's powdered sugar.
It's practical to have a laptop.
It's practically down the street from here.
It's practically impossible not to use baby talk when talking to a young child.
It's prayer time.
It's precisely that which Tom needs.
It's precisely what I said from the beginning.
It's preferable that I clothe you instead of feeding you.
It's preferable that you witness with your own eyes.
It's preferable to be alone than to be in bad company.
It's preferable to be by oneself than to be in the company of toxic individuals.
It's preferable to do the right thing than to do things right.
It's presumptuous for humans to assume that our task is to do what only God can do.
It's presumptuous to call this a palace. Essentially, it's a big house.
It's presumptuous to say that it's "production". Isn't it more processing?
It's prettiest of all in the fall here.
It's pretty amazing.
It's pretty avant-garde.
It's pretty bad for us.
It's pretty bad, isn't it?
It's pretty bad.
It's pretty bumpy.
It's pretty clear Tom and Mary have problems.
It's pretty clear Tom has a problem.
It's pretty clear that we have a problem.
It's pretty clear we have a problem.
It's pretty clear what's going on here.
It's pretty clear you have a problem.
It's pretty clear.
It's pretty cold out here.
It's pretty cold outside.
It's pretty cold today.
It's pretty cold, but then, the best nights for astronomy often are.
It's pretty cold, isn't it?
It's pretty cold.
It's pretty common.
It's pretty convincing.
It's pretty cool there.
It's pretty cool.
It's pretty cost-effective.
It's pretty cozy.
It's pretty damn good!
It's pretty dark out here.
It's pretty dark out there.
It's pretty dark to play outside.
It's pretty dark.
It's pretty deep when you think about it.
It's pretty difficult, isn't it?
It's pretty disappointing.
It's pretty early.
It's pretty easy to imagine.
It's pretty exciting.
It's pretty expensive.
It's pretty far away.
It's pretty far from the city.
It's pretty freaking cold outside.
It's pretty fun.
It's pretty funny.
It's pretty galling to think about how long the affair was going on before I found out about it.
It's pretty good.
It's pretty hard to see the crack in Yanni's windshield.
It's pretty hard.
It's pretty heavy.
It's pretty hot this morning.
It's pretty hot today.
It's pretty hot, isn't it?
It's pretty hot.
It's pretty humid today.
It's pretty icy out there.
It's pretty important that this gets done today.
It's pretty impressive, isn't it?
It's pretty incredible.
It's pretty interesting!
It's pretty interesting.
It's pretty late for trick-or-treaters to be still out.
It's pretty late.
It's pretty light.
It's pretty long.
It's pretty much over now.
It's pretty much the same.
It's pretty new.
It's pretty obvious that he loves her.
It's pretty obvious that she loves him.
It's pretty obvious.
It's pretty odd.
It's pretty overwhelming.
It's pretty quiet around here.
It's pretty rare to see a gazelle in this area.
It's pretty romantic, isn't it?
It's pretty routine.
It's pretty simple.
It's pretty standard.
It's pretty stiff.
It's pretty straightforward, actually.
It's pretty ugly.
It's pretty unlikely that that'll happen.
It's pretty unlikely that'll happen.
It's pretty unusual.
It's pretty warm out for a jacket.
It's pretty warm today.
It's pretty weird.
It's pretty wet outside.
It's pretty wild.
It's pretty windy today, no?
It's pretty windy today.
It's pretty windy.
It's pretty, isn't it?
It's pretty.
It's priceless.
It's pride that drives Tom.
It's pride that drives her.
It's pristine.
It's private, OK?
It's private.
It's probable that more people will start to use MS Teams after Skype is shut down.
It's probable that she'll come.
It's probably OK not to do that.
It's probably OK to do that.
It's probably OK.
It's probably Tom's doing!
It's probably Tom.
It's probably a big list.
It's probably a false alarm.
It's probably a good idea for us to speak in English, so he'll be able to understand.
It's probably a good idea to do that today.
It's probably a good idea.
It's probably a good thing Tom didn't do that.
It's probably a good thing that Tom wasn't at Mary's party.
It's probably a mistake.
It's probably a person. However, not logically entailing Peter's expression...
It's probably a sign.
It's probably a tough time.
It's probably a typo.
It's probably a virus.
It's probably a warning.
It's probably bad.
It's probably been lying there for several days.
It's probably best if he doesn't get involved.
It's probably best if we go now.
It's probably best if you are quiet.
It's probably best you stay behind.
It's probably better not to eat after 7:00pm.
It's probably better this way.
It's probably cold in Boston now.
It's probably easier than you think.
It's probably easier to tell up from down than left from right because down is the direction of gravity and up is not, while left and right are a lot more similar.
It's probably faster to walk, what with the traffic at this time of day.
It's probably faster to walk.
It's probably for your own good.
It's probably going to be boring to do that.
It's probably going to be cheap for you to do that.
It's probably going to be cheap to do that.
It's probably going to be dangerous to do that.
It's probably going to be depressing to do that.
It's probably going to be difficult for Tom to do that.
It's probably going to be difficult for Tom to win.
It's probably going to be difficult for you to do that.
It's probably going to be difficult for you to leave Australia.
It's probably going to be difficult to do that.
It's probably going to be easy for Tom to do that.
It's probably going to be easy for Tom to win.
It's probably going to be easy for you to do that.
It's probably going to be expensive to do that.
It's probably going to be fun to do that.
It's probably going to be hard for Tom to do that.
It's probably going to be hard for Tom to win.
It's probably going to be hard for you to do that.
It's probably going to be hard for you to leave Australia.
It's probably going to be hard for you to leave Boston.
It's probably going to be hard to do that.
It's probably going to be hot tomorrow.
It's probably going to be impossible for Tom to do that by himself.
It's probably going to be impossible for Tom to do that.
It's probably going to be impossible for you to do that by yourself.
It's probably going to be impossible for you to do that.
It's probably going to be impossible to do that.
It's probably going to be possible for Tom to do that.
It's probably going to be possible for you to do that.
It's probably going to be raining tomorrow.
It's probably going to be risky for Tom to do that.
It's probably going to be risky for you to do that.
It's probably going to be safe for Tom to do that.
It's probably going to be safe for you to do that.
It's probably going to be safe to do that.
It's probably going to be snowing tomorrow.
It's probably going to be tiring to do that.
It's probably going to be tough for Tom to do that.
It's probably going to be tough for Tom to win.
It's probably going to be tough for you to do that.
It's probably going to be tough to do that.
It's probably going to be unsafe to do that.
It's probably going to make a massive mess.
It's probably going to probably be easy to do that.
It's probably going to rain this afternoon.
It's probably going to rain tomorrow afternoon.
It's probably going to rain.
It's probably going to snow tomorrow.
It's probably going to take you about three hours to read this book.
It's probably gonna be cold in the morning, so I will put on many layers before I leave.
It's probably good that Tom can't remember what happened.
It's probably happened to us all at some point.
It's probably hard.
It's probably haunted.
It's probably healthier to eat popcorn than it is to eat potato chips.
It's probably important.
It's probably impossible to do that.
It's probably just Dad knocking at the door.
It's probably just Tobias playing a prank.
It's probably just a coincidence.
It's probably just a misunderstanding.
It's probably just a myth that Isaac Newton discovered the laws of gravity when an apple fell on his head while he was sitting under a tree.
It's probably just a phase.
It's probably just a rumor.
It's probably just food poisoning.
It's probably just me.
It's probably just money.
It's probably just my imagination.
It's probably just the weather.
It's probably just the wind.
It's probably my fault.
It's probably normal.
It's probably not OK.
It's probably not a good idea to do that now.
It's probably not a good idea to do that.
It's probably not a good idea to do what Tom and Mary suggest.
It's probably not a good idea to do what Tom suggests.
It's probably not a good idea.
It's probably not all that important.
It's probably not going to happen today.
It's probably not her.
It's probably nothing, but, again, you better talk to your doctor.
It's probably nothing.
It's probably past midnight.
It's probably raining.
It's probably right.
It's probably safer in the basement.
It's probably some kind of glitch.
It's probably something more ordinary than that.
It's probably still available.
It's probably that plumber again.
It's probably the first thing they'll think of.
It's probably the flu.
It's probably the illness that's going around.
It's probably too late to do that now.
It's probably too late to go anywhere today.
It's probably too late to worry about that now.
It's probably too soon to do that.
It's probably too soon to tell.
It's probably true.
It's profound ignorance that inspires the dogmatic tone of speaking.
It's progressing slowly.
It's prohibited in most countries.
It's prohibited to pass through here.
It's prohibited to pass through this location.
It's prohibited to pass through this place.
It's proved a severe disappointment.
It's proving to be a difficult matter.
It's public knowledge.
It's public record.
It's publicly recommended to "raise obedient kids," but it's rather difficult to carry that out.
It's published annually.
It's punctured.
It's punishment meted out on the basis of skin color.
It's pure chance.
It's pure coincidence.
It's pure cynicism.
It's pure escapism.
It's pure evil.
It's pure gold.
It's pure magic.
It's pure torture.
It's pure.
It's purely just gambling. That's it. And it is a bit exciting.
It's purely online.
It's purely platonic.
It's purple.
It's purposeless to rank people by their ability to memorize.
It's quarter of.
It's quarter past eleven at night.
It's quarter past four.
It's quarter past nine.
It's quarter past one.
It's quarter past six.
It's quarter past ten.
It's quarter to eight now.
It's quarter to eight.
It's quarter to five.
It's quarter to nine.
It's quarter to seven.
It's quarter to two.
It's questionable.
It's quiet enough to hear a pin drop.
It's quiet here at night.
It's quiet here.
It's quiet in the suburbs.
It's quiet in the suburbs...
It's quiet now, but earlier, it was very noisy in here.
It's quiet now.
It's quiet out here.
It's quiet out there.
It's quiet, you know.
It's quiet.
It's quiet. Too quiet.
It's quieter in the countryside than in the city.
It's quieter in the countryside than in town.
It's quieter in the countryside than the city.
It's quite a big deal, isn't it?
It's quite a dangerous road.
It's quite a jump from one side of the brook to the other.
It's quite a lot of work, actually.
It's quite a mess.
It's quite a pessimistic way of looking at things.
It's quite a project.
It's quite a simple idea.
It's quite a tricky business.
It's quite a tricky situation.
It's quite a ways from here.
It's quite absurd of you to tell her that sort of thing.
It's quite all right.
It's quite an easy language.
It's quite an informal meeting.
It's quite an interesting project.
It's quite an old building.
It's quite an unusual concept.
It's quite apparent that you don't want to do this for me.
It's quite chilly for April.
It's quite chilly today, so don't forget your jacket.
It's quite clear that Tom and Mary are going to be late.
It's quite clear that Tom and Mary don't want to be here.
It's quite clear that Tom doesn't want to be here.
It's quite clear that Tom is going to be late.
It's quite clear that Tom will be late.
It's quite clear that Tursun will pass the exam.
It's quite clear to me that is the truth.
It's quite clear to me that that is the truth.
It's quite clear to me that this is the truth.
It's quite cold at night.
It's quite cold here, so I wear a hat.
It's quite cold this morning. Look, my breath comes out white.
It's quite cold, isn't it?
It's quite comfortable.
It's quite common actually.
It's quite common.
It's quite complex actually.
It's quite complicated to talk to humans.
It's quite complicated.
It's quite delicious.
It's quite different from that one.
It's quite different.
It's quite difficult to control this ivy.
It's quite difficult to master Arabic.
It's quite difficult to master French in 2 or 3 years.
It's quite difficult, isn't it?
It's quite distinct from the smell of burning.
It's quite easy to explain.
It's quite easy to get lost in a cave.
It's quite easy, isn't it?
It's quite evident that you really love Russian.
It's quite eye-catching.
It's quite foggy today.
It's quite funny to me.
It's quite good.
It's quite hard, isn't it?
It's quite hot today.
It's quite hot, isn't it?
It's quite humid today.
It's quite humid.
It's quite interesting.
It's quite intimidating.
It's quite ironic.
It's quite irritating.
It's quite large.
It's quite likely Tom will be late.
It's quite likely Tom will come.
It's quite likely that FIFA is rotten to the core.
It's quite likely that Jane will come.
It's quite likely that Tom is already at home.
It's quite likely that Tom is already home.
It's quite likely that Tom will be late.
It's quite likely that Tom will be there.
It's quite likely that Tom will come.
It's quite likely that Tom will do that.
It's quite likely that Tom will want to come.
It's quite likely that Tom won't be there.
It's quite likely that Tom won't come.
It's quite likely that he'll be late.
It's quite likely that he'll come.
It's quite likely that he's already at home.
It's quite likely that it'll rain tomorrow.
It's quite likely to rain this afternoon.
It's quite likely to rain tomorrow.
It's quite likely to snow this evening.
It's quite natural for him to think so.
It's quite natural that you should think about marriage.
It's quite nice here.
It's quite nice.
It's quite nippy today, so take your coat with you.
It's quite normal that a bull produces bullshit.
It's quite obscure what this sentence means.
It's quite obvious she isn't coming.
It's quite obvious she won't come.
It's quite obvious that Mary and Tom have very different personalities.
It's quite old.
It's quite painless.
It's quite plain that you haven't been paying attention.
It's quite pleasant.
It's quite possible Tom will cry.
It's quite possible Tom will do that.
It's quite possible Tom will win.
It's quite possible that I'm mistaken.
It's quite possible that Tom did that.
It's quite possible that Tom won't be at the meeting.
It's quite possible that Tom won't help us at all.
It's quite possible that that'll happen.
It's quite possible that there are times I am half awake, and thus the day feels shorter.
It's quite possible that'll happen.
It's quite possible to begin with splendid ideas like liberty and property and to come down on the wrong side of every question of economics or social justice.
It's quite possible.
It's quite refreshing.
It's quite remarkable.
It's quite right to abominate people who are evil-doers.
It's quite safe.
It's quite serious.
It's quite simple.
It's quite simple. Let me show you.
It's quite spectacular.
It's quite strong.
It's quite surprising just how many dishes one can make out of potatoes.
It's quite the dilemma.
It's quite the opposite.
It's quite tiring doing it all alone.
It's quite true.
It's quite unlikely Tom will do that.
It's quite unlikely Tom will want to do that.
It's quite unlikely Tom will win.
It's quite unlikely to happen.
It's quite urgent.
It's quite warm here, isn't it?
It's quite warm today.
It's quite windy tonight.
It's quite wise for an uneducated worker to learn Esperanto from an educated opponent; it's harmless for a revolutionary to attend an Esperanto course put on by a police officer. The knowledge acquired from a police officer could be useful in opposing the bad deeds of the police. But it would really be too foolish to help spread Esperanto among police officers, or any of our opponents.
It's quitting time.
It's quizzical.
It's quoted out of context.
It's radical.
It's rained a lot this month.
It's rained a lot this year.
It's rained all night.
It's rained for three days on end.
It's raining a bit.
It's raining a lot here.
It's raining a lot this year.
It's raining a lot!
It's raining a lot.
It's raining again today.
It's raining again!
It's raining again, and it's cold.
It's raining again.
It's raining again. I wonder if we will be able to have the February snow festival?
It's raining and I don't have an umbrella.
It's raining and I'm working in a cold room.
It's raining and blowing a gale outside as I write this.
It's raining and raining now here on Lulu Island. It's like I'm on Ferenginar.
It's raining and raining.
It's raining and the room is damp, so let's use the air conditioner to dehumidify the room.
It's raining buckets outside.
It's raining but never mind, I can still go.
It's raining cats and dogs here.
It's raining cats and dogs outside.
It's raining cats and dogs today! You'd better not go to school.
It's raining cats and dogs tonight.
It's raining cats and dogs!
It's raining cats and dogs.
It's raining cats.
It's raining everywhere.
It's raining goals.
It's raining hard and yet I must go.
It's raining hard now.
It's raining hard outside.
It's raining hard tonight.
It's raining hard.
It's raining harder now.
It's raining heavily so the ground is very soggy.
It's raining heavily today and it lasts for a long while so that the parking lot downstairs are flooding.
It's raining heavily today.
It's raining heavily.
It's raining heavily. Take an umbrella.
It's raining here in Boston.
It's raining here too.
It's raining here, too.
It's raining here.
It's raining in Algiers.
It's raining in Boston today.
It's raining in Boston.
It's raining in Kabylie.
It's raining in Paris.
It's raining in my heart.
It's raining in the Netherlands.
It's raining in the middle of summer.
It's raining non-stop.
It's raining now for the third day.
It's raining now in Boston.
It's raining now, so we can't do that.
It's raining now.
It's raining out.
It's raining outside right now.
It's raining outside so I came into the house.
It's raining outside, so don't forget your brolly.
It's raining outside.
It's raining outside. Don't forget to close the windows when you get back home.
It's raining pretty hard right now.
It's raining pretty hard.
It's raining really hard here!
It's raining really hard here.
It's raining really hard right now.
It's raining really hard.
It's raining so goddamn much.
It's raining so hard today that even fish need an umbrella.
It's raining tacos from out of the sky!
It's raining there.
It's raining today.
It's raining today. Where is my umbrella?
It's raining today; so where is my umbrella?
It's raining too hard to do that now.
It's raining very hard here!
It's raining very hard here.
It's raining very hard.
It's raining where I am.
It's raining where Tom and Mary are.
It's raining where Tom is.
It's raining, after weeks of beautiful weather.
It's raining, and I don't have an umbrella.
It's raining, and I haven't got an umbrella.
It's raining, and most people have umbrellas up.
It's raining, and the car windows are steamed up.
It's raining, and we forgot to close the windows.
It's raining, better close your window.
It's raining, but I don't have an umbrella.
It's raining, but I would like to go out.
It's raining, but I'd like to get out.
It's raining, but I'd like to go out.
It's raining, but she's not wearing a coat.
It's raining, but we'll go anyway.
It's raining, having been lovely for weeks on end.
It's raining, so I won't go out.
It's raining, so I'm staying here.
It's raining, so please bring your umbrella.
It's raining, so please take your umbrella.
It's raining, so the kids aren't playing in the yard.
It's raining, so we should go home.
It's raining, so you should stay at home.
It's raining, which is why I don't want to go out.
It's raining.
It's raining. Let's take shelter.
It's raining. You might just as well stay home.
It's raining: We need to find somewhere to take shelter!
It's raining; most people have their umbrellas up.
It's raining; we won't be able to see anything.
It's raining?
It's raining? Of course it is, this is England!
It's rainy again.
It's rainy and icky here in Boston.
It's rainy and windy today.
It's rainy here.
It's rainy out today.
It's rainy today.
It's rare for kangaroos to kill someone.
It's rare for me to connect so well with a therapist.
It's rare for me to cry when I read a book.
It's rare for me to get invited to parties.
It's rare for me to go to the beach.
It's rare for men to knit.
It's rare nowadays to see the marquee HTML element in modern websites, but in the early web, pages were sometimes loaded with constantly scrolling text.
It's rare that I go to the beach.
It's rare that history comes with a man whose fear is set in the hearts of kings all around earth.
It's rare to find big yards in Japan.
It's rare to find employees who are punctual.
It's rare to find nice girls here.
It's rare to hear that from you.
It's rare to meet nice people like you.
It's rarely done these days.
It's rarely nice weather at Easter.
It's rarely too early and never too late!
It's rarely too soon in life for something, and never too late.
It's rat meat.
It's rather amusing.
It's rather chilly outside.
It's rather cold for April.
It's rather cold on deck.
It's rather cold today, but I think it'll be fairly warm tomorrow.
It's rather cold today.
It's rather cold.
It's rather confusing.
It's rather cool for April.
It's rather curious.
It's rather dangerous to walk around here at night.
It's rather dark here.
It's rather early.
It's rather embarrassing.
It's rather good, isn't it?
It's rather hot out here.
It's rather impressive.
It's rather ironic.
It's rather nice of you to come and say goodbye.
It's rather odd.
It's rather strange.
It's rather unique.
It's rather unlikely.
It's rather warm today.
It's ready now.
It's ready to eat.
It's ready.
It's real frustrating dealing with Tom.
It's real handy.
It's real hot in the bedroom.
It's real to me.
It's real, isn't it?
It's real.
It's reality and you have to accept it.
It's really OK.
It's really Tom.
It's really a big deal.
It's really a good thing that you were able to be here today.
It's really a good thing you were able to be here today.
It's really a matter of life or death.
It's really a matter of opinion.
It's really a mess forever!
It's really a must.
It's really a nice idea.
It's really a very simple matter.
It's really a very useful thing; you ought to buy it.
It's really a very valuable and needed service.
It's really all quite simple.
It's really amazing!
It's really an eyesore.
It's really annoying.
It's really awesome.
It's really bad for your eyes.
It's really bad.
It's really beautiful here.
It's really beautiful.
It's really big.
It's really boring.
It's really bothering me.
It's really bright.
It's really challenging.
It's really classy.
It's really clean.
It's really cloudy here.
It's really cold here in the winter.
It's really cold here.
It's really cold in here.
It's really cold in this room.
It's really cold outside today.
It's really cold outside, you should come in.
It's really cold outside.
It's really cold outside. You should put some gloves on.
It's really cold today, isn't it?
It's really cold today, wear some extra clothing.
It's really cold today.
It's really cold today. You should dress warmer or you might catch a cold.
It's really cold tonight.
It's really cold!
It's really cold, don't you think?
It's really cold, isn't it?
It's really cold.
It's really coming down out there!
It's really coming down! There are puddles all over the street, and water is pouring down from the rooftops.
It's really competitive.
It's really complicated.
It's really confusing.
It's really cool here.
It's really cool looking.
It's really cool technology.
It's really cool.
It's really cute.
It's really damp in here.
It's really dangerous.
It's really dark here. I can't see anything.
It's really dark in here.
It's really dark in here. I can't see anything.
It's really dark out.
It's really dark outside tonight.
It's really dark outside. I wonder if a storm is coming.
It's really different for me.
It's really different from what I expected.
It's really difficult to describe.
It's really difficult to pedal!
It's really difficult to survive in a big city like Tokyo without going into debt.
It's really disturbing not to have Wi-Fi in the mountains.
It's really drafty in here.
It's really early.
It's really easy for me to do that.
It's really easy for me to speak Japanese.
It's really easy once you know the rules.
It's really easy to drive to Algiers.
It's really easy to go to Algiers.
It's really easy to learn how to swim.
It's really easy.
It's really embarrassing.
It's really exciting.
It's really expensive, isn't it?
It's really expensive.
It's really fast with a dedicated line.
It's really foggy here.
It's really foggy today.
It's really frustrating when you feel you aren't able to fully understand what the other person is feeling.
It's really fun to learn Esperanto.
It's really fun to watch children playing.
It's really fun.
It's really funny.
It's really getting cold outside.
It's really getting cold.
It's really getting colder.
It's really getting warm outside.
It's really going to be OK.
It's really going to help you in your career.
It's really good to see you guys.
It's really good to see you.
It's really good.
It's really gorgeous.
It's really great to see you.
It's really great to work here.
It's really great.
It's really gross.
It's really handy.
It's really happening.
It's really hard for me to breathe.
It's really hard to believe that.
It's really hard to choose the right color.
It's really hard to choose.
It's really hard to comprehend.
It's really hard to deny that something was amiss.
It's really hard to describe.
It's really hard to do.
It's really hard to drive on the bumpy roads around here.
It's really hard to explain.
It's really hard to face this fact.
It's really hard to find a job during the summer break as a student.
It's really hard to find a summer job as a student.
It's really hard to learn Berber.
It's really hard to learn French well in two or three years.
It's really hard to learn a language, or do anything really, if you don't have motivation.
It's really hard to read the instructions in this dark garage.
It's really hard to reverse.
It's really hard to stop.
It's really hard to tell what's going to happen.
It's really hard to tell.
It's really hard to turn your back on your way of life.
It's really hard to understand Berber.
It's really hard to understand you.
It's really hard.
It's really him!
It's really horrible.
It's really hot here in the summer.
It's really hot here, in Algiers.
It's really hot here.
It's really hot in Tokyo during the summer.
It's really hot in here.
It's really hot in the evenings.
It's really hot out here.
It's really hot outside right now.
It's really hot outside today.
It's really hot outside.
It's really hot right now.
It's really hot there.
It's really hot this morning.
It's really hot this summer!
It's really hot this summer.
It's really hot today, isn't it?
It's really hot today.
It's really hot, isn't it?
It's really hot.
It's really humid here in the summer.
It's really humid here.
It's really humid today.
It's really humid, isn't it?
It's really important for Algeria to normalize its relations with the West.
It's really important now; it's about our future.
It's really important that you get here on time.
It's really important to get enough rest.
It's really important to me.
It's really important.
It's really impressive.
It's really infuriating.
It's really interesting studying how the Earth was formed.
It's really interesting to translate all this stuff into other languages.
It's really kind of exciting.
It's really kind of funny.
It's really late!
It's really late.
It's really late. I need to go to bed now.
It's really loud.
It's really muddy.
It's really nasty.
It's really neat.
It's really nice having you here, Isao.
It's really nice having you here, Tom.
It's really nice having you here.
It's really nice here.
It's really nice how you look after Tom.
It's really nice of you all to invite me to have dinner.
It's really nice to have all the support.
It's really nice to meet you.
It's really nice to see you again.
It's really nice.
It's really no big deal.
It's really noisy here.
It's really none of my business.
It's really none of your business.
It's really not a big deal.
It's really not a good idea.
It's really not all that difficult to do that.
It's really not all that hard to do that.
It's really not all that important.
It's really not as bad as it sounds.
It's really not as hard to do as you think it is.
It's really not hard to read.
It's really not important.
It's really not new.
It's really not rocket science.
It's really not safe for you here, is it?
It's really not so bad.
It's really not that bad.
It's really not that big of a deal.
It's really not that cold now.
It's really not that cold.
It's really not that easy.
It's really not that expensive.
It's really not that hard.
It's really not that heavy.
It's really not that hot.
It's really not that important.
It's really not that interesting.
It's really not that much.
It's really not too bad.
It's really not very interesting.
It's really not worth the effort.
It's really nothing new.
It's really nothing to worry about.
It's really painful.
It's really personal.
It's really pretty easy, right?
It's really pretty here.
It's really pretty.
It's really quiet here.
It's really quite a crisis.
It's really quite cold.
It's really quite impressive.
It's really quite simple.
It's really quite urgent.
It's really raining hard, isn't it? Did you get wet?
It's really rainy here.
It's really rare.
It's really relaxing.
It's really remarkable.
It's really rude to chew with your mouth open.
It's really rude to do that.
It's really rude to point at people.
It's really sad when people exclude you because of your skin color.
It's really sad.
It's really serious.
It's really sharp.
It's really simple.
It's really smooth.
It's really snow white.
It's really snowing out there.
It's really snowing.
It's really so cute.
It's really soft.
It's really special.
It's really stinky.
It's really strange.
It's really stressful.
It's really stuffy in here. Could you open a window?
It's really sunny here.
It's really sunny today in Boston.
It's really surprising!
It's really surprising.
It's really tall.
It's really there.
It's really time something was done.
It's really too early.
It's really tough to compare.
It's really tough.
It's really true, isn't it?
It's really true.
It's really unbearable to see him looking so down-and-out.
It's really unbelievable, isn't it?
It's really unfair.
It's really unfortunate.
It's really unfortunate. You don't understand at all its essence.
It's really up to you.
It's really very annoying.
It's really very bizarre.
It's really very commendable.
It's really very easy to do that.
It's really very easy.
It's really very good.
It's really very simple.
It's really warm here, isn't it? Should I turn on the air conditioning?
It's really warm today.
It's really weird.
It's really windy today.
It's really windy, and my hair is a mess.
It's really windy.
It's really windy. My hair is all over the place.
It's really wonderful seeing you again, Momoe.
It's really wonderful seeing you again.
It's really worth it to learn Berber.
It's really worth it!
It's really worth it.
It's really, really strange.
It's reasonable that you feel that way at first.
It's reasonable that you should do that.
It's reasonable to assume Tom was the one who did that.
It's reasonable to assume that Tom was the one who did that.
It's reasonable to set aside money for rainy days.
It's reassuring to know that my feelings are normal.
It's recommended that he follow a strict diet.
It's recommended that you change your oil filter every time you have your oil changed.
It's recommended that you don't write your passwords down where others might see them.
It's recommended that you get a mammogram every year.
It's recommended that you take lots of vitamin C to avoid catching a cold.
It's recommended that you wash your penis with soap and warm water.
It's recommended.
It's recording everything.
It's red like blood.
It's red now.
It's red, not orange.
It's red.
It's redundant.
It's refreshing to take a shower after exercising.
It's refreshing!
It's refreshing.
It's regrettable.
It's relatable; I'm the same way.
It's relatively early.
It's relatively easy to set up small-or-medium sized enterprises in Algeria.
It's relatively easy to spread misinformation, but it's also easy to prevent.
It's relatively expensive.
It's relatively simple to use.
It's relatively simple.
It's relaxing to lie in the grass and look at clouds floating by.
It's relaxing to lie in the grass and watch the clouds float by.
It's remarkable.
It's reminiscent of war.
It's repetition that helps you remember something.
It's reprehensible to exploit a person's gullibility.
It's retro.
It's revolting.
It's ridgy!
It's ridiculous and I can't help but laugh.
It's ridiculous to assume otherwise.
It's ridiculous to believe in this.
It's ridiculous.
It's ridiculously bad.
It's rigged.
It's right above you.
It's right down the street from here.
It's right down the street.
It's right here.
It's right in front of your eyes.
It's right next door.
It's right over here.
It's right there on your desk.
It's right there.
It's right under your nose.
It's right up my alley.
It's right up your alley.
It's right up your geek alley.
It's right.
It's ringing. Tom, please go and open the door.
It's rinsed out.
It's riskier than it looks.
It's risky and dangerous.
It's risky driving without a seatbelt.
It's risky for you to go after him on your day off.
It's risky.
It's roadkill.
It's roasting in this room.
It's rock-solid.
It's rocky ground, isn't it?
It's rotten inside.
It's rotten weather.
It's routine procedure.
It's rubbish collection day today.
It's rubbish day today.
It's rubbish weather.
It's rubbish!
It's rude for people to cut in line.
It's rude of you to ask her that question.
It's rude to ask someone how much they earn.
It's rude to do that.
It's rude to insult people.
It's rude to interrupt people while they're talking.
It's rude to make fun of your boss in public.
It's rude to point at anyone.
It's rude to point at people.
It's rude to point your finger at people.
It's rude to point.
It's rude to say such a thing!
It's rude to speak with your mouth full.
It's rude to stare at people.
It's rude to stare at someone.
It's rude to stare.
It's rude to talk during a concert.
It's rude to talk with your mouth full.
It's rude to whisper in front of others.
It's rude to wolf down your food like that.
It's rude.
It's ruined.
It's rumored Tom and Mary have broken up.
It's rumored Tom will be arrested.
It's rumored that Tom and Mary have broken up.
It's rumored that Tom will be arrested.
It's rumored that he has a lot of money stashed away in a Swiss bank account.
It's rumored that secret peace talks have already begun.
It's rumored that the conference will be postponed.
It's rumored that they are going to get married.
It's rumored that they left him.
It's rumored there are treasures hidden there.
It's rumoured he comes from old money.
It's rumoured there are treasures hidden there.
It's rush hour at Tokyo station.
It's rush hour.
It's rusty.
It's sabotage!
It's sad now.
It's sad that Tom is no longer with us.
It's sad that many historical buildings got destroyed during the war.
It's sad that people don't go to the library anymore.
It's sad that so many players got hurt during the World Cup.
It's sad that this happened.
It's sad that you see it like this.
It's sad that you've known so little warmth and affection in your life.
It's sad thinking about what we've come to.
It's sad to forget a friend.
It's sad to forget a friend. Not everyone has had a friend.
It's sad to know that we may die any moment.
It's sad to lose the love of someone you love so much.
It's sad to see Algeria in this situation.
It's sad to see Mary so unhappy.
It's sad to see Tom so unhappy.
It's sad to see a human being degrade himself to such a point. What a shame!
It's sad to see a human being demean himself to such an extent. What a misfortune!
It's sad to see homeless people living in cardboard boxes.
It's sad what happened to Tom.
It's sad, but true.
It's sad, isn't it?
It's sad.
It's saddening to see friends drift apart over petty disagreements.
It's safe here in Cairo.
It's safe here.
It's safe now.
It's safe there.
It's safe to come in.
It's safe to eat the fish.
It's safe to say Tom has had better Mondays.
It's safe to say he won't be invited back any time soon.
It's safe to say so.
It's safe to say that Tom has had better Mondays.
It's safe to say they don't much care.
It's safe to skate on this side of the lake.
It's safe.
It's safer here.
It's safer if you don't swim by yourself.
It's safer never to eat raw meat.
It's safer there.
It's safer to stay here.
It's safer to stay right here.
It's safer.
It's said Czech girls are beautiful.
It's said by Western media who terrorist is.
It's said that Japan's rural landscape has changed greatly.
It's said that Japanese people don't celebrate Christmas the way Americans do.
It's said that Japanese people's strong interest in seasonal climate changes is related to the influence in their thinking of how to effectively cultivate rice.
It's said that Michael Jackson died a Muslim.
It's said that Princess Diana was looking into Islam.
It's said that René Descartes never got up before midday because he would spend the morning in bed thinking about mathematics.
It's said that Tokyo is a very safe city.
It's said that a cat heals itself by purring.
It's said that a great poet lived here.
It's said that a new airport will be built in the city.
It's said that a new airport will be built in the province.
It's said that breaking a mirror brings bad luck.
It's said that domestic cats kill billions of animals every year.
It's said that he knows the secret.
It's said that he was in hospital at the time.
It's said that he's clever.
It's said that in the United States there are at least 216 million privately owned firearms.
It's said that money can't buy happiness.
It's said that most of the inhabitants of Algeria's capital, Algiers, are Kabyles.
It's said that most of the inhabitants of Algiers are Kabyles.
It's said that nothing is more precious than time.
It's said that she loves him.
It's said that she's a well-known actress.
It's said that she's clever.
It's said that some Englishmen like Japanese-style rooms.
It's said that that soldier fears no bullets.
It's said that the Portuguese called the Philippines "Ilhas do Oriente".
It's said that the Vikings discovered America before Columbus did.
It's said that the gods lived on that mountain.
It's said that the mayor is on the take.
It's said that the president of these people is fair.
It's said that the weather changes quickly in the mountains.
It's said that the youth of today are apathetic.
It's said that these floods are related to the presence of a god in the area.
It's said that they will soon be leaving Tokyo.
It's said that you're clever.
It's said they started a fire in Hawaii with a laser.
It's said to be a girls' high school characterised by its quiet and traditional feel and a chic, high-class uniform.
It's said to be hot here.
It's said to be very dangerous.
It's salted.
It's salty.
It's sand as far as the eye can see.
It's sand.
It's saying the battery is bad.
It's scary down here.
It's scary how little consideration she gives to being a woman.
It's scary to look down.
It's scary.
It's science.
It's scientifically proven.
It's scorching hot.
It's sealed.
It's second summer.
It's second-hand.
It's secret.
It's secular.
It's seems that it's very easy for corrupt Algerian officials to launder their money in France.
It's self-evident.
It's self-explanatory.
It's self-paced.
It's senseless to judge based on memorization.
It's senseless to worry about doing it.
It's serious.
It's seriously heavy, so there's no way I could.
It's settled then.
It's settled, I'm with them!
It's settled, I'm with you!
It's settled.
It's seven in the morning.
It's seven o'clock.
It's seven o'clock. Yanni must get up.
It's seventeen years since her aunt died.
It's seventeen years since his aunt died.
It's seventeen years since their aunt died.
It's several thousand years old.
It's severe sunburn.
It's shaking again. If you don't see me again, keep in mind that I love you.
It's shaking! Ah!
It's shameful to laugh at him, poor thing!
It's shameful to treat a child so cruelly.
It's shameful, the way he wastes money.
It's shaped like an octagon.
It's sharp.
It's sheer lunacy to try that.
It's sheer madness.
It's shiny.
It's shit!
It's shit.
It's shocking for so many reasons.
It's shocking what they wrote about her in the newspapers.
It's shocking what they wrote about you in the papers.
It's shocking, isn't it?
It's shockingly inexpensive.
It's short.
It's show time.
It's showtime.
It's sick and perverted that parents want to impose cis ideology on elementary school children.
It's sick.
It's sickening to me.
It's sickening.
It's signed, sealed, and delivered.
It's silent.
It's silly of you to believe Tom.
It's silly of you to believe him.
It's silly to fight over it.
It's silly to hate all roses, just because one stung you.
It's silly to read such a magazine.
It's silly.
It's silver.
It's similar in other countries too.
It's similar to a duck.
It's similar.
It's simple and intuitive.
It's simple as cake.
It's simple to use.
It's simple, but beautiful.
It's simple, but it works.
It's simple, but made with love.
It's simple, isn't it?
It's simple, really.
It's simple, you know.
It's simple.
It's simple. Just ask anybody.
It's simple; they're idiots.
It's simpler and more reliable.
It's simply bare-faced fortune hunting.
It's simply beautiful.
It's simply cause and effect.
It's simply disgusting.
It's simply easier for me.
It's simply fantastic!
It's simply not fair.
It's simply not true.
It's simply obvious.
It's simply out of control.
It's simply surprising, how a modest attempt by a foreigner to compose a Russian sentence ultimately leads to two Russian speakers engaging in a lively discussion about their native language.
It's simply that I don't really understand what an "oddball" is when said by a Mixi user.
It's simply too cold today.
It's simply too hot to do anything today.
It's simply too soon to tell.
It's simultaneously getting worse and better.
It's six degrees below zero.
It's six forty-five.
It's six o'clock already.
It's six o'clock and Algiers is about to wake up.
It's six o'clock.
It's six of one and a half dozen of another.
It's six of one and a half dozen of the other.
It's six of one and half dozen of the other.
It's six of one and half-a-dozen of the other.
It's sky blue.
It's sleeting.
It's slightly endearing how this band can't sing in tune.
It's slightly excessive.
It's slightly reduced.
It's slightly tight for me.
It's slightly windy.
It's slippery in the changing area, so be careful.
It's slippery in the undressing area, so be careful.
It's slippery out.
It's slow and boring.
It's slow as shit.
It's slow going this week.
It's slow to say, but it was quick.
It's slow, very slow.
It's slow.
It's slowly getting better.
It's slowly getting dark outside.
It's small and cute.
It's small enough to fit in a bag, so it's easy to carry.
It's small of you to speak ill of your friends.
It's small, like an ant.
It's small.
It's smaller than I remember.
It's smaller than a boulder and larger than a pebble.
It's smaller than a grain of salt.
It's smaller than in Tokyo.
It's smells great. What are you cooking?
It's snack time.
It's snowed a bit.
It's snowed a lot more this winter than last winter.
It's snowed a lot.
It's snowed again.
It's snowing again.
It's snowing and I like it.
It's snowing and I like that.
It's snowing and it's cold.
It's snowing and my dog is wearing a pullover.
It's snowing galore!
It's snowing hard, but it's not sticking all that much yet.
It's snowing hard.
It's snowing harder.
It's snowing heavier.
It's snowing heavily.
It's snowing here in Boston today.
It's snowing here in Boston.
It's snowing here, too.
It's snowing here.
It's snowing in April.
It's snowing in Boston.
It's snowing in Kabylie.
It's snowing in Paris.
It's snowing in summer.
It's snowing incessantly.
It's snowing lightly.
It's snowing more often this winter than last.
It's snowing now in Boston.
It's snowing now.
It's snowing on the mountain again.
It's snowing on the roads.
It's snowing on the streets.
It's snowing outside, cover up.
It's snowing outside.
It's snowing persistently.
It's snowing pretty hard. Do we have any chains? If so, I think we should put them on.
It's snowing there.
It's snowing this winter even more so than last.
It's snowing today and it's amazing!
It's snowing today.
It's snowing where Tom and Mary are.
It's snowing where Tom is.
It's snowing!
It's snowing.
It's snowing; welcome to November!
It's snowing? Oh, that wasn't called for!
It's snowy today.
It's so French.
It's so admirable how you keep fighting, even when you've been knocked down over and over again.
It's so adorable.
It's so annoying!
It's so awful that I don't even want to think about it.
It's so awful to hear that.
It's so bad, it's funny.
It's so bad, it's good.
It's so bad, it's hilarious.
It's so bad.
It's so basic.
It's so beautiful it can take your breath away.
It's so beautiful out here.
It's so beautiful there.
It's so beautiful to see and hear children's voices and accents as they speak English.
It's so beautiful! Where did you get it?
It's so beautiful.
It's so beautiful. Where did you get it?
It's so big!
It's so big.
It's so bitter.
It's so bizarre that one day my boyfriend wants to break up, and then a week later he tells me he wants to marry me.
It's so boring here.
It's so boring to study a conlang!
It's so boring.
It's so bright that I can't open my eyes.
It's so bright.
It's so clean.
It's so cold here that we can't do without an overcoat.
It's so cold here, and the bus isn't here yet.
It's so cold here. You'd think we were at the North Pole.
It's so cold in here! You'd better turn up the heating.
It's so cold in here.
It's so cold that the river has frozen over.
It's so cold that we can skate.
It's so cold today.
It's so cold tonight!
It's so cold tonight.
It's so cold!
It's so cold.
It's so comfortable here, I really feel at home.
It's so competitive.
It's so complicated.
It's so cool!
It's so cool.
It's so cute I'm gonna melt.
It's so cute to see and hear the little voices and accents of children as they speak French.
It's so cute!
It's so cute.
It's so damn warm.
It's so dark and scary there.
It's so dark in Sweden in the winter.
It's so dark out there.
It's so dark that I can't see a damn thing.
It's so dark that I can't see clearly.
It's so dark.
It's so depressing.
It's so different now.
It's so different.
It's so difficult that I've decided to give up trying.
It's so difficult.
It's so dusty.
It's so early.
It's so easy for Americans to say "I love you" but it's impossible to do this in Chinese.
It's so easy to be happy on a day like this, isn't it?
It's so easy to be misunderstood.
It's so easy to hate someone.
It's so easy to hate.
It's so easy to weave a basket.
It's so easy to write good example sentences, that even if we accidentally delete a few good sentences in the process of getting rid of a whole lot of bad ones, I think we could drastically improve the quality of this corpus by doing a lot of deleting.
It's so easy when you know the rules.
It's so easy.
It's so embarrassing.
It's so empty here...
It's so exciting.
It's so exhausting.
It's so expensive!
It's so far away.
It's so foggy that I can't see anything.
It's so freaking hot today!
It's so fucking cold!
It's so funny for me to study how capitalism was tremendously inefficient in 2008 and then everybody's conclusion was to apply more capitalism to try and make it work.
It's so funny how reliably Tom accuses others of things he's doing.
It's so good that you've come. What would we have done without you!
It's so good to be home with the family.
It's so good to be in love with someone.
It's so good to finally meet you.
It's so good to hear from you.
It's so good to hear the little voices and accents of the kids as they speak Portuguese.
It's so good to see and hear the children's voices and accents while they speak English.
It's so good to see you again.
It's so good to see you!
It's so good to see you.
It's so good to take a rest after a long voyage.
It's so good you came. What would we have done without you!
It's so great to finally meet you.
It's so grey out there that I can't see the mountains on the other side of the valley.
It's so hard for me to accept that Sami is with Layla.
It's so hard that I can't answer.
It's so hard to choose.
It's so hard to decide.
It's so hard to keep these things straight.
It's so hard to keep up with teenage clothing fashions these days because they change so often.
It's so hard to learn Berber.
It's so hard to see Ziri like this.
It's so hard to understand Berber.
It's so hard.
It's so heavy that I can't lift it.
It's so hopeless.
It's so hot down here.
It's so hot every day that I could melt.
It's so hot in Havana!!!
It's so hot in here.
It's so hot in the sun today that you can only spend any amount of time in the shade.
It's so hot outside that I want to spend all day in my air conditioned house.
It's so hot outside, you could fry an egg.
It's so hot that you could cook an egg on the hood of a car.
It's so hot!
It's so hot, I'm going to turn on the air conditioner.
It's so hot, you could fry an egg on a car bonnet.
It's so hot, you could fry an egg on the car bonnet.
It's so hot.
It's so hot. I'm dying to go for a swim.
It's so huge. I don't know if I can get it all the way in.
It's so humid here in summer.
It's so impersonal.
It's so important to me.
It's so important to speak so many languages.
It's so imprecise.
It's so improbable.
It's so inconspicuous.
It's so kind of you to come to see me off.
It's so lame.
It's so late.
It's so late; we should go to sleep.
It's so liberating to know and accept that you're weird.
It's so long ago that I hardly remember anything.
It's so loud here that you can't hear your own thoughts.
It's so loud here that you can't hear yourself think.
It's so loud.
It's so low.
It's so much better than before.
It's so much better than it used to be.
It's so much easier than I thought it'd be.
It's so much faster to do it this way.
It's so much fun to speak so many languages.
It's so much fun.
It's so muggy; I think it will thunder in a short while.
It's so nice here.
It's so nice of you to see me.
It's so nice out today!
It's so nice to be among friends.
It's so nice to be amongst friends.
It's so nice to be appreciated.
It's so nice to be back.
It's so nice to be by ourselves.
It's so nice to be with you!
It's so nice to finally meet you.
It's so nice to have heating.
It's so nice to have you here in Algiers.
It's so nice to meet you.
It's so nice to see you again.
It's so nice to see you.
It's so nice to stay at home.
It's so nice.
It's so noisy here I can't hear myself think.
It's so obvious now.
It's so obvious now. How could I have missed it?
It's so obvious that it's a lie!
It's so obvious that we don't even need proof.
It's so obvious we don't need proof.
It's so obvious.
It's so odd talking in the dark like this.
It's so old school.
It's so painful. Stop it!
It's so painfully obvious.
It's so pathetic.
It's so peaceful here.
It's so peaceful out here.
It's so peaceful.
It's so pointless to ask for something that you yourself can get!
It's so pretentious.
It's so pretty.
It's so puzzling.
It's so quiet.
It's so racist.
It's so random that our dogs have the same name.
It's so rare.
It's so refreshing to meet a good Muslim couple in this town.
It's so romantic!
It's so romantic.
It's so sad being good because it's never worth it.
It's so sad that Steve Jobs died of ligma.
It's so sad to see Tom begging for money in the streets after he lost all his savings gambling.
It's so sad to see others die like that.
It's so sad.
It's so secret that even I don't know what it's all about.
It's so silly.
It's so simple even a child could do it.
It's so simple that even a child can do it.
It's so simple that even a child could do it.
It's so simple, only a child could do it.
It's so simple.
It's so sloooooooooow.
It's so slow.
It's so smooth.
It's so strange.
It's so stuffy in here. Can someone open a window?
It's so stuffy in here. Could someone open a window?
It's so stupid.
It's so stupidly easy.
It's so sweet.
It's so teeny tiny!
It's so true.
It's so typical of him to bail out at the last minute.
It's so typical.
It's so unfair!
It's so unfair.
It's so unlikely.
It's so unnatural that I'm laughing.
It's so useless.
It's so warm in this room that I'm sweating.
It's so weird.
It's so well done.
It's so windy!
It's so wonderful to smell freshly made coffee!
It's so wrong.
It's so yummy.
It's socially permissible for the wealthy to steal. The Goddess sees this and will crush them.
It's soft and fuzzy.
It's soft and smooth.
It's soft like wool.
It's soft to the touch.
It's sold out, thank you.
It's solid as a rock.
It's solid.
It's some five miles from here.
It's some kind of footwear.
It's some kind of vicious circle.
It's some shitty day today.
It's somebody else's turn.
It's somehow so quiet here without Tom. I miss him.
It's somehow warm.
It's something I can't understand.
It's something I don't need.
It's something I have to do.
It's something I love to do.
It's something I really want to do.
It's something I used to believe.
It's something I want to do before I die.
It's something I wanted to try.
It's something I'll always remember.
It's something I'll never forget.
It's something I'm considering very seriously.
It's something I'm not ruling out.
It's something I'm proud of.
It's something I've always liked.
It's something I've considered.
It's something I've wanted to do for a long time.
It's something I've wanted to do for a while.
It's something Tom and I are excited about.
It's something Tom does before games.
It's something Tom made.
It's something a bit different and the people I was hanging around with wore them.
It's something black, sweet, and moist.
It's something dealing with my past.
It's something different.
It's something in-between "mantı" and "gözleme".
It's something like that.
It's something much deeper!
It's something my mother used to do.
It's something my sister never wanted to do.
It's something new for me.
It's something new.
It's something only Tom can do.
It's something personal.
It's something really embarrassing.
It's something serious.
It's something someone told me once.
It's something special.
It's something that I enjoy doing.
It's something that I'll always remember.
It's something that bothers me quite a bit.
It's something that doesn't get resolved.
It's something that everyone does but no one discusses.
It's something that everyone does but no one talks about.
It's something that everyone knows but no one brings up.
It's something that has freaked me out since I was a kid.
It's something that really surprises me.
It's something that smells very, very bad.
It's something that we talk about quite a bit.
It's something that we talk about quite often.
It's something that you can never forget.
It's something that you learn in life.
It's something that's hard to describe.
It's something they always wanted to do.
It's something to be happy about.
It's something to be happy with.
It's something very basic.
It's something very special.
It's something very unique.
It's something we don't need.
It's something we don't resolve.
It's something we might attempt.
It's something we see but don't clean every day.
It's something we talk about quite a bit.
It's something we talk about quite often.
It's something we want to encourage.
It's something we're excited about.
It's something worth fighting for.
It's something you both need to do.
It's something you dream about.
It's something you should do at least once in your life.
It's sometimes OK to disobey orders.
It's sometimes difficult to control our feelings.
It's sometimes difficult to do away with misunderstandings.
It's sometimes fun to create sentences about Tom.
It's sometimes hard to know what Tom really wants.
It's sometimes necessary not to tell the truth.
It's sometimes said like that, but it doesn't sound very nice.
It's sometimes the case that in losing those that we love, we realize how much we loved them.
It's somewhat exaggerated.
It's somewhat further away.
It's somewhat snug for me.
It's somewhat tiny.
It's somewhere in Asia.
It's somewhere in the city centre, though I forget the exact address.
It's somewhere in the north.
It's somewhere in this room.
It's soon going to be the rainy season.
It's soon going to be time to leave.
It's soon time for your income tax return.
It's sorcery.
It's sort of a left-wing in-joke.
It's sort of a long story.
It's sort of a rainy day.
It's sort of cool.
It's sort of fashionable, but the price is too high!
It's sort of interesting.
It's sort of like eating wild mushrooms collected by a stranger who claims he knows which mushrooms are poisonous and which are not.
It's sort of like eating wild mushrooms collected by a stranger who claims that he knows which mushrooms are poisonous and which are not.
It's sort of personal.
It's sort of strange.
It's sort of the classic Greek tragedy of hubris begets nemesis.
It's spam.
It's special.
It's speeding up.
It's spicy, so be careful.
It's spicy.
It's splendid.
It's spoilt his appetite.
It's sponsored content.
It's sponsored.
It's spooky in here.
It's spooky.
It's spring again.
It's spring and I caught the summer flu.
It's spring at last!
It's spring everywhere in the motherland.
It's spring.
It's sprinkling outside.
It's sprinkling.
It's stable because all the roots of this equation are negative.
It's staggering to me to hear this again.
It's stale.
It's stalemate.
It's standard policy.
It's standard procedure.
It's started again.
It's started already.
It's started raining again.
It's started raining.
It's started snowing again.
It's started snowing.
It's started to grate on many of us.
It's started to rain.
It's started to snow.
It's started.
It's starting again.
It's starting now.
It's starting to cool off.
It's starting to drizzle.
It's starting to get cold here.
It's starting to get cold in here.
It's starting to get cold.
It's starting to get colder.
It's starting to get cooler outside.
It's starting to get dangerous.
It's starting to get dark outside.
It's starting to get dark.
It's starting to get hot here, in northern Algeria.
It's starting to get hot in here.
It's starting to get light outside.
It's starting to get light.
It's starting to get very, very hot.
It's starting to get warmer.
It's starting to grow on us.
It's starting to itch really bad.
It's starting to look awful.
It's starting to look like we'll have a white Christmas.
It's starting to pay off.
It's starting to rain again.
It's starting to rain.
It's starting to smell nice.
It's starting to snow.
It's starting to work.
It's starting.
It's status quo.
It's stealing.
It's stew.
It's sticky.
It's stifling hot today. There's no wind at all.
It's stiflingly hot.
It's still 50 kilometres to Paris.
It's still Halloween.
It's still Monday.
It's still OK.
It's still October.
It's still Ramadan.
It's still September.
It's still a bad idea.
It's still a big deal.
It's still a big risk.
It's still a bit early.
It's still a difficult decision.
It's still a great story.
It's still a job.
It's still a little cold in Boston.
It's still a little cool in the mornings.
It's still a little early for snow.
It's still a little early to eat lunch.
It's still a little scary.
It's still a long way to the top of the mountain.
It's still a mess.
It's still a mystery to us who that guy was.
It's still a mystery.
It's still a painful story to tell, even for me.
It's still a work in progress.
It's still adverts.
It's still alive.
It's still autumn, but the weather is already feeling like winter.
It's still being tested.
It's still better than nothing.
It's still breathing.
It's still bright outside.
It's still closed.
It's still cloudy.
It's still commercials.
It's still cool, but it should get very warm during the course of the day.
It's still cool, but it's supposed to be getting really warm as the day goes on.
It's still cool.
It's still crowded.
It's still damp.
It's still dark out.
It's still dark outside.
It's still dark.
It's still drivable.
It's still early.
It's still early. We should all just chill for a bit.
It's still for sale.
It's still freezing outside.
It's still frozen.
It's still functioning.
It's still good, to be alive.
It's still good.
It's still happening.
It's still here.
It's still hot in September.
It's still hot.
It's still immoral.
It's still impossible with the naked eye. With binoculars you might be able to glimpse it....
It's still in good condition.
It's still in limbo.
It's still inconclusive.
It's still just as before here.
It's still leaking.
It's still light out.
It's still light outside.
It's still like that today.
It's still mine.
It's still minor league but in the not so distant future they'll be coming to a place near you.
It's still missing a comma.
It's still morning here.
It's still moving.
It's still my birthday.
It's still my dream.
It's still new to me.
It's still not certain who's going to win this match.
It's still not difficult.
It's still not easy.
It's still not finished, even after all those years.
It's still not finished.
It's still not happening.
It's still not hard.
It's still not known when that's going to happen.
It's still not over.
It's still not ready.
It's still not right.
It's still not too late for you to change.
It's still not too late to turn back.
It's still not too late.
It's still not working.
It's still obscure to me.
It's still open.
It's still perfect.
It's still possible.
It's still private.
It's still quite humid outside.
It's still raining here.
It's still raining.
It's still really hard for Algerians to invest their money outside of the country.
It's still really slippery here.
It's still rising.
It's still snowing in Boston.
It's still snowing outside.
It's still snowing pretty heavily.
It's still snowing.
It's still summer.
It's still ten o'clock.
It's still the same here.
It's still there.
It's still too cold to go down to the shore.
It's still too cold to go down to the water.
It's still too cold to go to the beach.
It's still too cold to go to the seaside.
It's still too cold to wear shorts.
It's still too cold.
It's still too early in the morning to visit anybody.
It's still too early to declare victory.
It's still too early to do that.
It's still too early to get up.
It's still too early to go to sleep.
It's still too early to know whether it'll work or not.
It's still too early to leave.
It's still too early to say.
It's still too early to talk about that.
It's still too early to talk about this now.
It's still too early to tell whether it'll work or not.
It's still too early to tell.
It's still too early.
It's still too hard to find a job. And even if you have a job, chances are you're having a tougher time paying the rising costs of everything from groceries to gas.
It's still too soon to say.
It's still too soon to tell what's gonna happen in Algeria.
It's still true today.
It's still unclear to many, especially to those who half destroyed it and surrendered it to Iran, whether Iraq should be pronounced e-rack or aye-rack. But, after all, is it necessary to know how to pronounce a country's name before whacking it ?
It's still very early in the morning.
It's still very early.
It's still warm outside.
It's still warm.
It's still windy.
It's still winter.
It's stolen.
It's stopped raining and the sun's come out.
It's stopped raining.
It's stopped raining. Let's go for a walk.
It's stopped raining. Let's start.
It's stopped snowing.
It's stormy.
It's strange Tom hasn't come yet.
It's strange and sad to see American right-wing propaganda being increasingly adopted by other countries.
It's strange group.
It's strange he loves room temperature beer.
It's strange how everything can change in one day.
It's strange how vividly I remember the scene.
It's strange that I've been asked what the German for "fridge" is three times in my life. There are thousands of words. What's the chance I would be asked about the same word three times?
It's strange that Ken doesn't agree with us.
It's strange that Michael didn't text me when he texted you.
It's strange that Tom and Mary aren't here yet.
It's strange that Tom and Mary haven't come yet.
It's strange that Tom did that.
It's strange that Tom didn't do that.
It's strange that Tom didn't mention that.
It's strange that Tom didn't win.
It's strange that Tom hasn't come yet.
It's strange that Tom isn't here yet.
It's strange that Tom's coming alone.
It's strange that chickens never fall off their perches when they're asleep.
It's strange that didn't happen.
It's strange that happened.
It's strange that he hasn't come yet.
It's strange that men should take up crime when there are so many legal ways to be dishonest.
It's strange that no one knows the victim.
It's strange that nobody knows us.
It's strange that other languages don't really distinguish plants which we ourselves consider totally different.
It's strange that our friends are not here.
It's strange that our friends aren't here.
It's strange that people in hot climate zones eat spicy things like curry.
It's strange that she came home so late at night.
It's strange that she did something like that.
It's strange that she hasn't arrived yet.
It's strange that she should have come home so late at night.
It's strange that that didn't happen.
It's strange that that happened.
It's strange that they knew nothing about it.
It's strange that they worship the sun.
It's strange that this isn't working.
It's strange that we've never met before.
It's strange that you ask me for a motorcycle when you are afraid of going by bike.
It's strange that you don't know anything about that matter.
It's strange that your friends aren't here.
It's strange to read my sentences in translation.
It's strange to see him.
It's strange to spend a morning without you.
It's strange you say that.
It's strange, but I think it's possible.
It's strange, but she disappeared suddenly.
It's strange, but that's how it is.
It's strange, but the door opened on its own.
It's strange, but true.
It's strange, don't you think?
It's strange, isn't it?
It's strange, the bracelet you're wearing.
It's strange.
It's strangely comforting.
It's strangely quiet here.
It's strawberry season at the moment.
It's strawberry season.
It's strong.
It's stuck in the tree.
It's stuck in your mind again.
It's stuck.
It's stuff like that that bothers me.
It's stuffy in here.
It's stuffy in here. Could you open a window?
It's stuffy in here. May I open a window?
It's stupid and dangerous.
It's stupid of you to believe him.
It's stupid of you to believe that.
It's stupid to even try to do that.
It's stupid.
It's subpar compared to the other options.
It's subtle.
It's such a beautiful afternoon and Ziri wants to plant some heathers in the garden.
It's such a beautiful day outside.
It's such a beautiful day.
It's such a beautiful flower.
It's such a beautiful morning.
It's such a daft idea.
It's such a happy song.
It's such a hard thing to describe.
It's such a honor to me.
It's such a long flight!
It's such a long flight.
It's such a long time since he left school.
It's such a lovely day.
It's such a lovely language.
It's such a nice change.
It's such a nice day today. Let's go out for a walk.
It's such a nice day.
It's such a nice day. Why don't you take me for a drive?
It's such a nice one.
It's such a pain in the ass.
It's such a pity Mary and Liisa don't hit it off together.
It's such a pity you can't come with us.
It's such a pity you didn't come last night.
It's such a pleasure to meet you.
It's such a shame that you can't come.
It's such a shame you can't come.
It's such a shame you're finally leaving.
It's such a shame you're leaving.
It's such a special place.
It's such a stupid idea.
It's such a turn-on.
It's such a unique combination.
It's such a waste of time.
It's such a waste.
It's such an evocative metaphor.
It's such an honor to be remembered by a person like you.
It's such good weather, let's go to the beach.
It's suddenly become cold, hasn't it?
It's suddenly got cold, hasn't it?
It's suddenly got warmer.
It's suddenly turned warmer.
It's sufficient.
It's suffocating in here.
It's suhur time.
It's suicidal.
It's suicide.
It's summer - time for vacation.
It's summer all year round when I'm with you.
It's summer already.
It's summer in Brazil now.
It's summer in Paris.
It's summer, it's the period to go to the coast.
It's summer, it's the season to head to the seaside.
It's summer, it's time to go to the sea.
It's summer.
It's sunny again.
It's sunny and it's hot.
It's sunny here, but it's raining.
It's sunny here.
It's sunny in Algiers.
It's sunny in Nizhny Novgorod.
It's sunny just now.
It's sunny outside.
It's sunny today, the 2nd of June of 2025. I'm wearing my hooded red, grey, and black cardigan. I carry a lime green sack with a lizard drawing thereon. I wear a green touque. (I'm a long-time Esperantist.) In the morning and in the afternoon, I went walking to Tim Hortons café to have some varied drinks and a Crispy Chicken Craveable Sandwich. Sometimes, I crave absent things like baklava, cannoli, barfi, halva, and others too sweet and exotic. In the morning also was my 24th visit this spring to the Roman Catholic church on St. Albans Road. 'Twas practically empty in the worship hall. There are many Filipinos in this parish. The grand Empress Tree, called "Kiri" by Japanese, near Bowcock Road, has lost most of its purple blooming glory by now. The species originates in East Asia, and is here on Lulu Island. It looks like the Jacaranda, also purple-bloomed, in South America. Incidentally, as a linguistic note, maybe for many, Japanese Katakana would suffice for their linguistic curiosity, as it does really satisfy the graphic dimension of language learning. Katakana words are like "eye candy."
It's sunny today.
It's sunny tomorrow.
It's sunny, but the water is cold.
It's sunny.
It's super clean without a lot of additives.
It's super cute.
It's super easy to install a towel rack.
It's super easy!
It's super simple!
It's super-duper.
It's superb.
It's supper time.
It's supper time. See you.
It's supposed to be a team effort.
It's supposed to be as hot today as it was yesterday.
It's supposed to be bad manners to talk with your mouth full.
It's supposed to be cloudy tomorrow.
It's supposed to be hot tomorrow.
It's supposed to be natural.
It's supposed to be nice here in summer.
It's supposed to be the other way around.
It's supposed to be the rule, but there are exceptions.
It's supposed to be time for gymnastics now!
It's supposed to be warm today.
It's supposed to cause drowsiness.
It's supposed to get cloudy tomorrow.
It's supposed to get colder and snow later today.
It's supposed to rain Monday.
It's supposed to rain all week.
It's supposed to rain at night.
It's supposed to rain during the night.
It's supposed to rain every day for the next week.
It's supposed to rain in Boston tomorrow.
It's supposed to rain this afternoon.
It's supposed to rain today, isn't it?
It's supposed to rain tomorrow night, so let's leave our umbrellas until then.
It's supposed to rain tomorrow.
It's supposed to rain tonight.
It's supposed to snow in Boston tomorrow.
It's supposed to snow tomorrow.
It's sure to be his year.
It's sure to be interesting.
It's surely a misunderstanding.
It's surely a view the townsfolk are attached to.
It's surprising Tom doesn't know anything about it.
It's surprising how easy it is to grow lettuce at home.
It's surprising how many unhappy marriages there are.
It's surprising how often you miss the mark.
It's surprising how some cars' gas pedals are much more sensitive than others'.
It's surprising that Tom doesn't know anything about it.
It's surprising that she doesn't know anything about it.
It's surprising that you haven't heard anything about Tom and Mary's wedding.
It's surprising that you haven't heard anything about her wedding.
It's surprising that you haven't heard anything about what's going to happen.
It's surprising that you haven't heard anything from Tom.
It's surprising to know that your school starts at 8:30 and ends at 3:30.
It's surprising you haven't heard anything about Tom and Mary's wedding.
It's surprising you haven't heard anything about what's going to happen.
It's surprising you haven't heard anything from Tom.
It's surreal, isn't it?
It's survival of the fittest.
It's suspicious no matter how you think about it.
It's suspicious.
It's sweet of you.
It's sweet.
It's sweltering outside.
It's sweltering.
It's swim or die here.
It's swim or die.
It's swings and roundabouts.
It's swollen.
It's synthetic leather jacket.
It's taboo.
It's tacky.
It's taken a long time.
It's taken a while.
It's taken him a year, but I think he's finally come to grips with the death of his wife.
It's taken me a long time to get this good at guitar.
It's taken me three years to write this book.
It's taken us three weeks to fix, but at last our car runs satisfactorily.
It's taking a little longer than I expected.
It's taking forever.
It's taking longer than I thought it would.
It's taking me longer to get this done than it usually does.
It's taking too long.
It's taking us way too much time to get this job finished.
It's talking about how, thanks to air transport, we've lost the sense of 'season' for foodstuffs.
It's talking to me.
It's tall.
It's tasty.
It's tax exempt if it's less than ¥50,000.
It's tax season.
It's tax-exempt in the case it's below 50,000 yen.
It's tax-exempt in the case it's below ¥50,000.
It's tax-free in the case it's below 50,000 yen.
It's tax-free in the case it's below ¥50,000.
It's tea time.
It's tea.
It's tears of joy.
It's teatime.
It's technically illegal.
It's technically legal.
It's technically possible.
It's teeming down here.
It's teeming outside.
It's teeming with rain outside.
It's temporarily closed.
It's ten after two.
It's ten already.
It's ten days until my birthday.
It's ten degrees above zero.
It's ten in the morning.
It's ten meters long and two meters wide.
It's ten minutes to eleven.
It's ten minutes to two.
It's ten minutes' walk to the station.
It's ten o'clock sharp.
It's ten o'clock.
It's ten past four now.
It's ten past one.
It's ten past three.
It's ten past two.
It's ten till two.
It's ten to eight in the morning.
It's ten to eight.
It's ten to eleven.
It's ten to nine.
It's ten to ten.
It's ten to two.
It's ten years old.
It's ten years since I came to live here.
It's terrible for me.
It's terrible, I know, but you aren't the only one who is losing a loved one. You aren't the only one suffering.
It's terrible, isn't it?
It's terrible.
It's terrible. He didn't even mention me.
It's terribly cold here.
It's terribly cold this summer.
It's terribly cold. I think I'm going to catch a cold.
It's terribly expensive.
It's terribly hot here.
It's terribly hot in here.
It's terribly hot this morning.
It's terribly hot this summer.
It's terribly hot.
It's terribly important.
It's terribly urgent.
It's terribly warm today.
It's terrifying.
It's terrorism.
It's textbook horror: young men and women spending a night of terror in a secluded mansion.
It's thankless, dull work, but the job security is pretty decent.
It's thanks to her that I'm alive.
It's thanks to his father that he owns this hotel.
It's thanks to the support of my family that I was able to leave that company and open up this new restaurant.
It's thanks to you that we were able to finish this job on time.
It's thanks to you.
It's that Tatoeba isn't a dictionary.
It's that important.
It's that much junk.
It's that one over there!
It's that personal.
It's that simple.
It's that sound again.
It's that spirit—a faith in reason, and enterprise, and the primacy of right over might—that allowed us to resist the lure of fascism and tyranny during the Great Depression; that allowed us to build a post-World War II order with other democracies, an order based not just on military power or national affiliations but built on principles—the rule of law, human rights, freedom of religion, and speech, and assembly, and an independent press.
It's that time again already.
It's that time again! Wake up.
It's that time again.
It's that time of the year again.
It's that time of the year.
It's that time of year.
It's that time.
It's that, you know, um, whatchamacallit. It's on the tip of my tongue, but I just can't remember the name!
It's the 10-year anniversary of Tom's favorite Minecraft mod.
It's the 11th most common element in the Earth's crust in fact.
It's the 14th of May of 2025. It was my latest nighttime visit at Tim Hortons café, about 22:00. At a corner sat a familiar pale-skinned couple of Hispanics, chatting. As I couldn't hear their Spanish accent, I couldn't really guess from which country they came. The hall was mostly empty, except for them at one corner and me at another corner. Some Eurasians came in for a few minutes. I was drinking a Blackberry Yuzu Lemonade Quencher and eating a Cinnamon Raisin Bagel. It was dark in the streets, as I walked back homebound.
It's the 17th of May of 2025. About 20:00, my cousin Kathy, her husband Eric, their daughter Pia, and Eric's mother Minda arrived here on Lulu Island for an overnight visit, coming by long drive from the USA. Minda is a native of Zamboanga City, where Chabacano, Philippine Creole Spanish, is pervasive. Eric can speak Chabacano, Cebuano, Tausug, Tagalog, and English. Minda shuttles between Ohio and the Philippines, as her newer second husband is a black American ex-fireman chief from Ohio. They met through the Internet. My cousin and family, though, live in Washington State, as they moved from Georgia.
It's the 17th of May of 2025. After 13:00, I walked to Tim Hortons café again, there to sip Earl Grey Tea with oat milk. I bought a box of 20 Honey Dip Timbits (donut holes) for family guests tomorrow. There was in the café the familiar Oriental-white hybrid couple, of which the man looked eerily like John Lennon the musician. A trio of familiar teenage mulattoes entered, one of which reminded me of my Jamaican friend, Graeme S., whose uncle was Phil Collins the musician. When I was in university, I and my friends would sometimes visit the West Vancouver house of Graeme's rich Uncle Victor, who was Jewish. Their grand house had a backyard Jacuzzi and a swimming pool, overlooking Burrard Inlet. Graeme's uncle and aunt were one of the first tourists to China when that country opened up in the 1980s. They brought back with them an ancient-looking stringed instrument. (Incidentally, my Auntie Mila visited China in the 1970s when it was still a forbidden country. Auntie was some kind of administrator for the Philippine Bayanihan dance troupe.)
It's the 18th of May of 2025. About 15:00, I went walking to Tim Hortons café to enjoy an Earl Grey Tea with oat milk. In my outing, I was thinking about the Next Great War scenario versus the Singularitarianism scenario, as a plausible future. Personally, I opine that widespread war destruction would be less appealing than the transcendence of intelligence, even if it might mean something superseding humanity. At the café were handsome athletic Latino-looking men. The clouds started pervading the sky again. I saw my neighbour friend Rod wiping his camper's back side, at which, he said, UV rays are more intense, as the logo and words imprinted are starting to fade.
It's the 18th of May of 2025. After 20:00, I headed walking to Tim Hortons café to enjoy an Orange Pekoe Tea with oat milk. In my lime green sack with a green lizard image thereon, I brought two books to the café to read, one Esperanto, one Interlingua: Tra Lando de Indianoj, by Tibor Sekelj, and Contos in Interlingua, by Sven Frank. Green and Blue, they are. The Esperanto book is a tale about life in the jungles of Red Indians in Brazil. The Interlingua book is a collection of children's tales. It was still before sunset. Arriving home, I saw that family Filipino friends Perlita and Glenn were talking to Mama in the dining room. They brought a fruit tray that includes red watermelon chunks, grape bunches, orange slices, etc. They brought also Philippine spaghetti and Philippine pancit noodles. We talked about rich chains like Tim Hortons, 7-Eleven, A&W, etc. and how so high the rental is for retail stores on Lulu Island, so that two 7-Eleven stores have closed in our neighbourhood; they stood for over 40 years!
It's the 18th of May of 2025. Around noontime, I walked to Tim Hortons café to enjoy an Iced Coffee with oat milk. On the way, I saw my neighbour friend Rod washing his big camper, as he and his Ukrainian-descent star-savvy wife Joanne intend to camp in Okanagan. The café was really crowded, this Sunday. The long table with an ice hockey rink drawn thereon was full of Orientals: Two Japanese, one in black and one in beige, and the rest were Cantonese. The sky was clearing, with more blue, and the temperature was rising.
It's the 18th of May of 2025. Even though there's still much of Minda's delicious macaroni in the fridge, after 17:00, I went out to Tim Hortons café to enjoy an Iced Classic Lemonade and a Turkey Bacon Club Artisan Sandwich. The sun rays bathed the hall. I was thinking that even with higher nonhuman intelligence in the plausible future, humans could still evolve in tandem, like cats and dogs with their masters. Transhumanism might become a prevalent reality.
It's the 20th of October.
It's the 22nd anniversary of Matoub Lounes's death.
It's the 25th of April of 2025. In the still sunny early evening, around 18:00, I found myself again in Tim Hortons café, this time to enjoy an Earl Grey tea with oat milk, a Crispy Chicken Craveable sandwich, and a Lemon Poppyseed Muffin. There was a corpulent man who was partly Amerindian. Salish, I presume. There were some Bharati scattered about in the hall. Homebound, I noticed that the blue mountains in the horizon are still topped with snow.
It's the 26th of April of 2025. After 17:00, I decided that I should resume my exercises of reading Spanish aloud. I look to the book, El eterno regreso a casa, by Ursula K. Le Guin. The story is set in the far future, wherein people live like Natives once again.
It's the 26th of April of 2025. At Tim Hortons café, in the morning, whilst I was drinking my Classic Lemonade and eating a croissant, I met two young Kenyan men, who were lining up to the till. We talked about their language Swahili—Kiswahili. I said how its staccato beauty reminds me of Japanese! Then our conversation led to safari tours, rustic Zanzibar, and our voyages throughout the world.
It's the 26th of April of 2025. Before 14:00, a sunny blue-sky afternoon, I went to my neighbourhood's cul-de-sac to meditatively walk around and around there. I admired the gardens. They reminded me of Daoism: how the microcosm reflects the macrocosm: The puffs of sakura would be a nebula afar. One need not really travel too far. Barb my white neighbour was at her driveway. She and her husband Ken would be going out to buy eggs. They eat many eggs.
It's the 28th of May.
It's the 75th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
It's the Fairmont bus.
It's the Kabyle national anthem.
It's the Kabyle people who treasure Kabyle culture.
It's the Sun's gravity that keeps the Earth in its orbit.
It's the Tom Jackson show, starring Tom Jackson!
It's the Union Jack!
It's the alternator.
It's the animal in me that wants it.
It's the anniversary of the end of the war.
It's the answer spoken by young and old, rich and poor, Democrat and Republican, black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, disabled and not disabled. Americans who sent a message to the world that we have never been just a collection of individuals or a collection of red states and blue states. We are, and always will be, the United States of America.
It's the answer that led those who've been told for so long by so many to be cynical and fearful and doubtful about what we can achieve to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day.
It's the answer that led those who've been told for so long, by so many, to be cynical and fearful and doubtful about what we can achieve, to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day.
It's the answer that young people and old people, Republicans and Democrats, black people and white people, Latinos, Asians, and Native Americans, homosexuals and non-homosexuals, healthy and disabled people have given.
It's the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches in numbers this nation has never seen; by people who waited three hours and four hours, many for the very first time in their lives.
It's the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches, in numbers this nation has never seen. By people who waited three hours and four hours, many for the first time in their lives, because they believed that this time must be different, that their voices could be that difference.
It's the aurora borealis.
It's the bee's knees.
It's the beginning of August and the ocean stinks here.
It's the beginning of Ramadan.
It's the beginning of a new journey.
It's the beginning of the end.
It's the beginning of the holiday season.
It's the beginning of the year.
It's the best French restaurant in New York.
It's the best I can do.
It's the best book I've ever read.
It's the best book that I've ever read.
It's the best burger in town.
It's the best chicken soup I've ever tasted in my life.
It's the best concert I've ever been to.
It's the best concert I've ever seen.
It's the best feeling ever.
It's the best feeling.
It's the best film of the year.
It's the best for me.
It's the best hotel in this town.
It's the best house in town.
It's the best job in the world!
It's the best movie of the year.
It's the best one yet.
It's the best one.
It's the best option.
It's the best recipe for pita bread with ground meat.
It's the best score up to now.
It's the best season of the year.
It's the best that we can do.
It's the best there is.
It's the best thing I ever did.
It's the best thing Tom has ever done.
It's the best thing since sliced bread.
It's the best thing since sliced pan.
It's the best thing that ever happened to me.
It's the best thing that's ever happened to me.
It's the best turkey I've ever tasted.
It's the best way that you can support me.
It's the best way to solve the problem.
It's the best we can do for now.
It's the best we can do.
It's the best we have.
It's the best workout I've ever had.
It's the best!
It's the best-kept secret in town.
It's the best.
It's the betrayal of our bond that causes me the greatest sorrow.
It's the better of the two restaurants.
It's the big guys who solve the big problems.
It's the big one.
It's the biggest boa constrictor ever found.
It's the biggest building in the city.
It's the biggest house in the neighborhood.
It's the biggest sports shop in the region.
It's the biggest thrill you can get out of life.
It's the bite of a spider.
It's the bitter truth.
It's the bomb dot com.
It's the book you are looking for.
It's the bookkeeper's fault.
It's the bread and butter of many a detective.
It's the capital above all that makes the mores of people; it's Paris that makes the French.
It's the capital of our country.
It's the champion who wins.
It's the class bell. The pupils that had been around the school gate quickened their steps as one.
It's the coldest region in the country.
It's the colour of raspberries.
It's the cops!
It's the correct answer.
It's the crisis that make him want to leave Algeria.
It's the crunchiest part.
It's the curse of life.
It's the cutest baby I've ever seen.
It's the day of the Lord.
It's the dead of the night.
It's the deadliest city in America.
It's the decent thing to do.
It's the dog I gave to you as a gift.
It's the dry season here.
It's the dynamic interaction between the characters that makes this novel so great.
It's the early bird that catches the worm.
It's the easiest thing to remember.
It's the easiest way.
It's the economy, stupid!
It's the end of a world.
It's the end of an empire.
It's the end of the game for you both. You played with fire and you got burned by it.
It's the end of the line for that old car; it won't run anymore.
It's the end of the line.
It's the end of the quiz! Time to tally up the scores.
It's the end of the world.
It's the end of the year.
It's the end point of our itinerary.
It's the end!
It's the end.
It's the engagement ring.
It's the equivalent of sawing off the branch you're sitting on.
It's the exact opposite of what you think.
It's the exact same idea that I have.
It's the expected outcome.
It's the expected result.
It's the family that lives next door to us.
It's the fashion!
It's the fastest railroad in the world.
It's the fastest train in the world.
It's the final countdown!
It's the final result that counts.
It's the final showdown between good and evil.
It's the first argument that I'll use.
It's the first day of autumn.
It's the first day of my last week here.
It's the first door on the right.
It's the first house after you turn the corner.
It's the first in a long series!
It's the first in the world.
It's the first rule you learn.
It's the first step that counts.
It's the first step.
It's the first sunny day in a long time, so the clothes should dry in no time.
It's the first thing I think of when I hear that sentence.
It's the first thing that I do in the morning.
It's the first thing that I would like to know.
It's the first thing that comes to mind.
It's the first thing that my father wrote.
It's the first time I cross this bridge.
It's the first time I have picked my nose in the presence of the teacher. I didn't know she was looking at me.
It's the first time I hear this word.
It's the first time I won a raffle draw.
It's the first time I'm putting a cigarette out before finishing it.
It's the first time I'm touching a dolphin.
It's the first time I've built a wall.
It's the first time I've caught such a big fish.
It's the first time I've done anything like this.
It's the first time I've done shopping in this city.
It's the first time I've done something like this.
It's the first time I've eaten camel meat.
It's the first time I've ever done anything like this.
It's the first time I've ever written a letter in Spanish.
It's the first time I've finished a book.
It's the first time I've given a speech.
It's the first time I've heard that kind of viewpoint; it's comforting.
It's the first time I've heard that.
It's the first time I've laughed this much.
It's the first time I've listened to this music.
It's the first time I've made my bed!
It's the first time I've missed Taninna so much!
It's the first time I've mixed chili with mayonnaise.
It's the first time I've prayed in a mosque.
It's the first time I've pulled Taninna's hair just like she pulls mine.
It's the first time I've put a cigarette out before finishing it.
It's the first time I've scratched Taninna just as she scratches me.
It's the first time I've screamed in presence of the manager. I saw a big cockroach on the table!
It's the first time I've seen Tom so angry.
It's the first time I've shaken hands with the mayor.
It's the first time I've swallowed a peach pit!
It's the first time I've thought about it.
It's the first time I've thrown up on a train.
It's the first time I've touched a dolphin.
It's the first time I've used a computer.
It's the first time for you right?
It's the first time he has encountered people speaking French.
It's the first time he's seen pink hair.
It's the first time in a long time that I've let my hair go and grow long for a such long time like that.
It's the first time in my life I've felt so connected with someone.
It's the first time it's happened to me.
It's the first time that I read about "mixed martial arts" in the Ultimate Fighting Championship, UFC. Today, the 12th of February of 2022, at the pizzeria's television screen was showing UFC, with muscled men competing. I know that some of my friends from university liked watching these kinds of shows. It's clearer to me now what the vision is.
It's the first time that I wet my hair.
It's the first time that anybody said something like that to me.
It's the first time that has ever happened.
It's the first time that has happened.
It's the first time that he's living in his own house.
It's the first time that that has ever happened.
It's the first time that that has happened.
It's the first time that that's happened to me.
It's the first time that this has happened to me.
It's the first time this has happened to me.
It's the flight from Recife.
It's the football match tomorrow.
It's the front gate.
It's the funniest dog in the world.
It's the gold standard.
It's the gospel truth.
It's the graduation of my daughter.
It's the grand opening.
It's the greatest of miseries.
It's the greatest thing since sliced bread!
It's the greatest thing since sliced bread.
It's the guest who makes the feast.
It's the happiest place on Earth!
It's the happiest place on earth!
It's the hardest thing I have ever done.
It's the hardest thing I've ever done.
It's the height of luxury.
It's the height of madness to say so.
It's the height of rudeness to talk on a mobile phone in a crowded lift.
It's the highest building in this city.
It's the highest mountain in the Andes.
It's the hottest city in the country.
It's the hottest region in the country.
It's the hottest season of the year now.
It's the hour of truth.
It's the house speciality.
It's the house specialty.
It's the house where I was born.
It's the ideal moment to buy.
It's the ideal place.
It's the imperative mood.
It's the indirect taxation that always causes us problems.
It's the inside that counts.
It's the kind of music that musicians love, a big band jazz sound that fills the room and gets it swinging.
It's the kind of thing Tom would do.
It's the lady.
It's the land of my ancestors that you're trampling with your feet!
It's the land of my ancestors that you're treading on with your feet!
It's the largest in the world.
It's the largest island of the archipelago.
It's the last chance.
It's the last day of my first week here.
It's the last one.
It's the last piece of news.
It's the last thing in the world I want to do, but I have to take you out.
It's the last time I add a sentence to Tatoeba.
It's the last time I ask Tom a question.
It's the last time I see her.
It's the last time I'm going downtown.
It's the last time Sami will ever see Layla.
It's the last train.
It's the latest craze sweeping Boston.
It's the latest fashion.
It's the latest model to come out.
It's the latest song by that recording artist.
It's the law now.
It's the law of supply and demand.
It's the law.
It's the law: always buckle your safety belt in cars and airplanes.
It's the least I can do for Tom.
It's the least I can do.
It's the least I could do.
It's the least expensive of all.
It's the least interesting one.
It's the least of my concerns.
It's the least that can be done.
It's the least we can do.
It's the lessons learned that matter most.
It's the letter written by M. Brown.
It's the life you chose to lead, no one forced anything on you.
It's the little things in life that mean the most.
It's the living image of your grandfather.
It's the logical choice.
It's the logical thing to do.
It's the longest journey of my life!
It's the longest night of the year.
It's the longest relationship I've ever had.
It's the lying that gets me.
It's the magic of that place that made you feel attracted to me.
It's the market where we buy vegetables.
It's the mayor who will perform the marriage of the two young people.
It's the middle of November and medlars have just come off the tree.
It's the middle of the night. Why aren't you asleep?
It's the middle of the semester and Michael will never be able to catch up.
It's the minister's first official trip.
It's the moment for going back to college.
It's the moment of truth.
It's the moment to inform him.
It's the moment to work on my land.
It's the morally correct thing to do.
It's the morning of the 18th of May of 2025, with cloudy skies interspersed with blue spaces. I went walking to Tim Hortons café to enjoy a hash brown with an Earl Grey Tea with oat milk. Upon my return home, Eric, Kathy, Pia, and Minda were already awake. Eric and Kathy are fixing the new screen at the kitchen's back door. I talked a bit with Minda: Apparently, she and her new black American husband shuttle between Ohio and Cavite in the Philippines. We know that in Cavite, there is Chabacano, Philippine Creole Spanish, that is a different dialect from Zamboanga City's. Meanwhile, I ate more of the tiramisù, leftover from last night. My cousin Eve made it. Moreover, in the morning, I have been looking over my Native Indian documents in linguistics, like California's Shasta, etc.
It's the most addicting game I have ever played.
It's the most arid landscape I've ever seen.
It's the most beautiful night I've seen since I can remember.
It's the most beautiful place I've ever been.
It's the most beautiful place that I've ever been.
It's the most beautiful scenery I've ever seen.
It's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.
It's the most beautiful way to say I love you.
It's the most beautiful weather.
It's the most horrible thing you could imagine.
It's the most idiotic thing I've seen in my life.
It's the most important chess match in the world.
It's the most important of all the elements for public health and medicine.
It's the most important speech of my life.
It's the most logical explanation.
It's the most natural question in the world.
It's the most natural thing in the world for a man and a woman to feel attraction to each other.
It's the most sophisticated model on the market.
It's the most stupid sport I've ever heard of.
It's the most surefire way to solve the problem.
It's the most wonderful time of the year.
It's the mothers and friends of the bride that are difficult.
It's the name of a settlement.
It's the national anthem of Kabylia.
It's the national week of the book.
It's the new year.
It's the newest model there is.
It's the next logical step.
It's the old shell game.
It's the oldest building in Boston.
It's the oldest tree seedling nursery run by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Forest Service.
It's the oldest trick in the book.
It's the oldest wooden building in existence.
It's the only book that has given me nightmares.
It's the only explanation.
It's the only life Tom has ever known.
It's the only logical explanation.
It's the only mosque in town.
It's the only name I've got.
It's the only one I had.
It's the only one I have.
It's the only one I know of.
It's the only one in the world.
It's the only one on your right.
It's the only one there is in the shop.
It's the only possible conclusion.
It's the only possible explanation.
It's the only road going through that section of the island. We have to find a way to keep it open.
It's the only thing I can do.
It's the only thing I can think of.
It's the only thing I'm interested in.
It's the only thing Tom can do.
It's the only thing to do.
It's the only thing we can do.
It's the only thing you can do.
It's the only waterfall in this mountain range.
It's the only way I'll learn.
It's the only way out.
It's the only way to do it.
It's the only way to do that.
It's the only way to find out.
It's the only way we'll find out what happened.
It's the only way you'll ever learn to do this.
It's the only way.
It's the only word I understood from the speech he just gave me.
It's the opposite.
It's the other one.
It's the other side of the coin.
It's the painting that Tom made.
It's the parents' duty to teach their children good behavior.
It's the parents' responsibility to limit their kids' Internet access.
It's the party's job, even with an absolute majority, to think further ahead than the government can act. If the government's satisfied with the party, then the party hasn't thought far enough.
It's the peak of hurricane season.
It's the peak of the summer holiday season.
It's the people here that make me want to stay.
It's the people that just came in.
It's the perfect day for a picnic.
It's the perfect day for an outing.
It's the perfect moment for a kiss.
It's the perfect number.
It's the perfect opportunity!
It's the perfect place for a chat.
It's the perfect place for a romantic dinner.
It's the perfect place for a romantic evening.
It's the perfect place for an ambush.
It's the perfect size.
It's the perfect solution.
It's the perfect spot for a honeymoon.
It's the perfect time in Algeria now to be picking figs.
It's the perfect weekend music!
It's the period of returning to university.
It's the pinnacle of luxury.
It's the pits!
It's the place that has all of Gulfport talking.
It's the police, perhaps we should get out of their way.
It's the portrait of misery.
It's the pot calling the kettle black.
It's the prevention of migraines during daily life that's important, not dealing with migraines when they occur.
It's the price per hundred grams.
It's the price we pay for love.
It's the principle of it that concerns me.
It's the principle of the matter.
It's the principle of the thing.
It's the pure truth.
It's the queen.
It's the rainy season in Japan right now.
It's the rainy season.
It's the rat race!
It's the rat race.
It's the reader that determines whether they extract pleasure from reading.
It's the real thing.
It's the reason I love you.
It's the reason why I'm late.
It's the result of a bunch of arbitrary designs decisions made by one guy.
It's the rich that worries about their money.
It's the right decision.
It's the right size.
It's the right thing to do.
It's the right time.
It's the right way up.
It's the rule, not the exception.
It's the same as always.
It's the same as always: Anna comes, and everything has to revolve around her. She'll be the centre of attention again; you'll see.
It's the same as before here.
It's the same as before.
It's the same as ever.
It's the same as it was before here.
It's the same as it's always been.
It's the same difference.
It's the same dog with a different collar.
It's the same every time.
It's the same every year.
It's the same for everyone.
It's the same hat.
It's the same here.
It's the same life experience.
It's the same necklace as I lost yesterday.
It's the same old problem.
It's the same old story.
It's the same one.
It's the same story told over and over again.
It's the same there as it is here.
It's the same thing in a new disguise.
It's the same thing.
It's the same to me.
It's the same today.
It's the same weather here as in France.
It's the same wherever you try and escape: everywhere is a death row, and everyone's a victim.
It's the same wine.
It's the same with me.
It's the same.
It's the season for figs and prickly pears.
It's the second chapter.
It's the second door down the hall.
It's the second part.
It's the second section.
It's the second time I've taken the plane. I'm still a little afraid.
It's the second time you've told me that.
It's the second-coldest region in the country.
It's the second-highest in the world.
It's the second-warmest region in the country.
It's the secret for improving oneself.
It's the serpent who tempted Eve.
It's the shortest day of the year.
It's the shortest route to Boston.
It's the shortest route to Paris.
It's the simple things.
It's the size of a small car.
It's the ski season.
It's the small things that count.
It's the smart thing to do.
It's the soccer match tomorrow.
It's the song I prefer.
It's the sort of day when you'd like to stay in bed.
It's the sort of thing I'm interested in, as you can probably tell.
It's the sort of thing Tom would do.
It's the sort of work that calls for a high level of concentration.
It's the sound of secret minds.
It's the start of a new era.
It's the start of spring.
It's the status quo.
It's the story of a boy, a girl, and a cat.
It's the story of a cat.
It's the story of an unparalleled love.
It's the story of my life.
It's the story of the hare and the tortoise.
It's the tail wagging the dog.
It's the talk of the town.
It's the thing to do!
It's the third biggest city in Serbia.
It's the third of October.
It's the third time I've eaten Japanese food, I love it!
It's the third time you've been late this week.
It's the third today.
It's the thought that counts.
It's the time for figs and prickly pears.
It's the tip of the iceberg.
It's the topmost one.
It's the translations which seem to be the simplest that are often the most complex.
It's the treasury.
It's the trend that counts.
It's the truth, I swear.
It's the truth, although I don't like it.
It's the truth, isn't it?
It's the truth.
It's the twentieth of April.
It's the twenty-eighth of February.
It's the twigs you disregard that can blind you.
It's the type of work that requires a lot of concentration.
It's the ugliness of this puppy that makes it very nice.
It's the ultimate test.
It's the village of languid people, who face down, who stomach up: what could it be?
It's the voice of an old woman.
It's the war of all against all.
It's the war of the alcoholics.
It's the warmest region in the country.
It's the way Tom does everything.
It's the way it must be.
It's the way she does things.
It's the way she laughs at herself that, to me, makes her popular.
It's the way that she laughs at herself that endears her to me.
It's the wedding tomorrow. Everything must look very solemn.
It's the weekend, shall we go see a movie?
It's the weekend.
It's the widget that overcomes web marketing's weaknesses.
It's the word that makes the man, not the pants.
It's the world upside down.
It's the world's oldest profession.
It's the worst thing I can imagine.
It's the worst thing that could happen.
It's the worst thing that's ever happened to me.
It's the worst time in my life.
It's the worst we've ever had.
It's the worst!
It's the wrong method, isn't it?
It's the wrong one.
It's the wrong thing to be doing now.
It's the wrong way to do it.
It's the year 2154, and the world is starkly divided between the haves and the have-nots.
It's the yellow building straight ahead, with a low roof.
It's the young people of Algeria that will determine the future of the country.
It's their anniversary.
It's their business.
It's their choice.
It's their decision.
It's their dirty family secret and it must remain so.
It's their dog.
It's their dog?
It's their duty.
It's their father who showed them the direction.
It's their fault.
It's their favourite book.
It's their job to carry out the work within a fortnight.
It's their job to figure out what's wrong with Tom.
It's their job.
It's their land.
It's their last movie together.
It's their last movie.
It's their only chance.
It's their problem, not ours.
It's their problem.
It's their responsibility.
It's their right.
It's their turn.
It's theirs.
It's them who did it.
It's then that I had a good idea.
It's theoretically possible.
It's there now.
It's there to the left.
It's there.
It's things like English grammar that I hate!
It's thirteen minutes long.
It's thirty degrees below zero.
It's thirty kilometers away.
It's thirty metres in length.
It's thirty metres long.
It's thirty minutes from here by car.
It's thirty-minute drive from here to there.
It's thirty-three degrees Celsius.
It's thirty-three degrees Fahrenheit.
It's thirty-three degrees.
It's this book.
It's this month's magazine.
It's this small detail that tipped me off, otherwise I would have never known.
It's this way, Watson.
It's this year's new model.
It's those small moments.
It's thought that this compound could be a carcinogen.
It's thought that this compound could cause cancer.
It's thoughtful of you to remind me of my promise.
It's thoughtless of her to say so.
It's threatening to rain.
It's three blocks from here.
It's three fifty-five.
It's three football fields long.
It's three hours away by bus.
It's three hours away from here by bus.
It's three hours door-to-door.
It's three hundred miles to London, give or take ten.
It's three kilometers over that way.
It's three miles from here to there.
It's three miles longer than I can walk.
It's three minutes to showtime.
It's three o'clock in Boston.
It's three o'clock now; I'll come again in an hour.
It's three o'clock.
It's three pounds.
It's three years since I had a real vacation.
It's three years since we moved here.
It's three-thirty.
It's three.
It's threshing season.
It's thundering and raining.
It's thundering in the distance.
It's thundering outside. I'm really scared!
It's thundering, but it's not raining.
It's thundering, but there's no rain.
It's tight around the toes.
It's time I acted my age.
It's time I got revenge. Now I will kill you!
It's time I had a talk with Tom.
It's time Tom left.
It's time Tom stopped smoking.
It's time consuming.
It's time for Gabor and Martha to settle their differences.
It's time for Sami to marry.
It's time for Sami to pay the piper.
It's time for Sami to start making decisions about his future.
It's time for Tom to go home.
It's time for Tom to go.
It's time for Tom to leave.
It's time for Tom to make a new friend besides Mary.
It's time for Tom to step down.
It's time for Tom to stop avoiding us.
It's time for Tom to stop smoking.
It's time for Tom to understand how we want things done.
It's time for Tom to wake up.
It's time for Yanni to learn Japanese.
It's time for Yanni to spread his wings.
It's time for Yanni to stop.
It's time for Ziri to lead the section to the front.
It's time for a bath.
It's time for a break.
It's time for a change of scenery.
It's time for a change.
It's time for a coffee break.
It's time for a fresh start.
It's time for a little change from the usual habits.
It's time for a reality check.
It's time for a short break.
It's time for a spring clean!
It's time for a vote.
It's time for action.
It's time for all of us to grow up.
It's time for bed now.
It's time for bed, sweetheart.
It's time for bed.
It's time for breakfast.
It's time for cake.
It's time for change.
It's time for children to go to bed.
It's time for dinner.
It's time for gymnastics!
It's time for him to become more responsible.
It's time for him to leave Algeria again.
It's time for him to start making his own decisions.
It's time for it to end.
It's time for lunch.
It's time for me to be on my way.
It's time for me to become Muslim.
It's time for me to become a Muslim.
It's time for me to eat.
It's time for me to embrace Islam.
It's time for me to get bifocals.
It's time for me to get my eyes checked.
It's time for me to go home.
It's time for me to go to bed.
It's time for me to go, kids.
It's time for me to go.
It's time for me to leave the office.
It's time for me to leave.
It's time for me to move on.
It's time for me to prove myself.
It's time for me to start cooking dinner.
It's time for me to strike out on my own.
It's time for me to take my lithium.
It's time for me to take my medicine.
It's time for me to take my shahada.
It's time for me to tell you the truth.
It's time for my break.
It's time for my nap.
It's time for my quadrennial visit to see my college roommates.
It's time for our better angels to prevail.
It's time for our children to go to bed.
It's time for our story to begin.
It's time for payback.
It's time for pizza.
It's time for prayer.
It's time for school.
It's time for small children to go to bed now.
It's time for some exercise.
It's time for some liquid refreshment. Who's going to buy the drinks?
It's time for some magic.
It's time for some spring cleaning.
It's time for something to eat.
It's time for spring cleaning!
It's time for spring cleaning.
It's time for supper.
It's time for tea and they're serving orange juice.
It's time for tea.
It's time for the Tuaregs to transfer their herds to the valley.
It's time for the children to step in.
It's time for the finishing touches.
It's time for the human race to enter the solar system.
It's time for the kids to go to bed.
It's time for the news on Channel 79.
It's time for the truth.
It's time for them to face the music.
It's time for this abusive relationship to end.
It's time for this to all stop.
It's time for this to end.
It's time for us to be leaving.
It's time for us to change the system.
It's time for us to do something about it.
It's time for us to do something about that.
It's time for us to eat lunch.
It's time for us to eat.
It's time for us to face facts.
It's time for us to fight back.
It's time for us to get a move on.
It's time for us to get going.
It's time for us to get out of here.
It's time for us to get ready.
It's time for us to get serious.
It's time for us to go back home.
It's time for us to go home.
It's time for us to go to bed.
It's time for us to go.
It's time for us to leave here.
It's time for us to leave this path.
It's time for us to leave this place.
It's time for us to leave.
It's time for us to make a stand.
It's time for us to move on.
It's time for us to say goodbye.
It's time for us to seek new challenges.
It's time for us to set some limits.
It's time for us to set the record straight about what happened.
It's time for us to start thinking about how we can improve the situation.
It's time for us to stop doing this.
It's time for us to stop now.
It's time for us to stop.
It's time for us to take action.
It's time for us to talk.
It's time for you guys to make up.
It's time for you to buy a new car.
It's time for you to come home.
It's time for you to face facts.
It's time for you to firm up your knowledge by putting it into practice.
It's time for you to get a watch.
It's time for you to get home.
It's time for you to get to work.
It's time for you to get up.
It's time for you to go home.
It's time for you to go to bed, Ken.
It's time for you to go to bed.
It's time for you to go to sleep.
It's time for you to go.
It's time for you to join your friends in prison.
It's time for you to leave this path.
It's time for you to leave.
It's time for you to make a decision.
It's time for you to make up.
It's time for you to pack up your stuff.
It's time for you to put into practice what you've learnt.
It's time for you to renew your domain name.
It's time for you to stand on your own two feet.
It's time for you to start acting like an adult.
It's time for you to start getting ready for school.
It's time for you to start telling me the truth.
It's time for you to stop going on and on about deprived communities.
It's time for you to stop going on and on all the time about ethnic deprivation.
It's time for you to take some vacations.
It's time for you to tell me the whole truth.
It's time for you to wake up.
It's time for you two to make up.
It's time for your afternoon nap.
It's time for your medication.
It's time for your medicine.
It's time for your shot.
It's time for your therapy.
It's time for your yearly check-up.
It's time my dream came true.
It's time that Tom stopped avoiding us.
It's time that you shut up.
It's time that you stopped wasting your youth on idle pastimes.
It's time that you told me the truth.
It's time the kids went to bed.
It's time to act now.
It's time to apply the final touches.
It's time to be going.
It's time to begin downsizing.
It's time to begin.
It's time to buckle down.
It's time to build new bridges all over the world as strong as those that link us across the Atlantic.
It's time to bury the hatchet.
It's time to call in our chips.
It's time to call it a day.
It's time to call it a night.
It's time to calm down.
It's time to carry out the plan.
It's time to celebrate.
It's time to change direction.
It's time to change that.
It's time to change the password.
It's time to change your behavior.
It's time to change.
It's time to clean out this closet.
It's time to clean your room.
It's time to close the store.
It's time to come back home.
It's time to come clean about what happened.
It's time to come clean for once.
It's time to come clean.
It's time to come home.
It's time to come together around common values and show our support.
It's time to confess.
It's time to cook.
It's time to create a Kabyle academy.
It's time to decide.
It's time to defend ourselves.
It's time to do it.
It's time to do more than just count the number of victims.
It's time to do some exercise.
It's time to do some sport.
It's time to do some spring cleaning.
It's time to do something about this problem.
It's time to do something.
It's time to do that.
It's time to do what needs to be done.
It's time to do what we have to do.
It's time to dry the laundry.
It's time to eat lunch.
It's time to eat now.
It's time to eat something.
It's time to eat.
It's time to embrace the power within me to create a better future.
It's time to end this discussion.
It's time to end this.
It's time to establish the religion of love.
It's time to face the facts.
It's time to face the music, Donald.
It's time to face the music.
It's time to face the world on your own.
It's time to feed the baby.
It's time to feed the dog.
It's time to fess up.
It's time to finish what we started.
It's time to fix these windshield chips.
It's time to get a haircut.
It's time to get a ladder.
It's time to get aboard.
It's time to get around to getting up and go to buy a drink.
It's time to get back on the bus.
It's time to get back to business.
It's time to get back to reality.
It's time to get back to work.
It's time to get down to business.
It's time to get going.
It's time to get in shape!
It's time to get moving!
It's time to get out of here and head home.
It's time to get out of here.
It's time to get out of the pool.
It's time to get out of the woods.
It's time to get ready for bed.
It's time to get ready to leave.
It's time to get ready.
It's time to get serious.
It's time to get some sleep.
It's time to get some work done.
It's time to get started with the Christmas shopping.
It's time to get started.
It's time to get to work.
It's time to get up!
It's time to get up, Tom.
It's time to get up.
It's time to get your life together.
It's time to give up those bad habits and turn over a new leaf.
It's time to go and pick Tom up from school.
It's time to go back home.
It's time to go home now.
It's time to go home.
It's time to go now.
It's time to go out.
It's time to go shopping.
It's time to go to bed, so turn off the radio.
It's time to go to bed, so turn the radio off.
It's time to go to bed.
It's time to go to bed. Turn off the radio.
It's time to go to bed. Turn the radio off.
It's time to go to school.
It's time to go to sleep.
It's time to go to the gym.
It's time to go to the mosque.
It's time to go to work.
It's time to go up.
It's time to go.
It's time to graduate to the big leagues.
It's time to ground some villages.
It's time to grow up.
It's time to have fun.
It's time to have some fun.
It's time to head for the bus stop.
It's time to hit the books.
It's time to hit the road.
It's time to hit the sack.
It's time to hop onto my porn throne and machine gun jack hammer my death grip bloodshot semi-chub with my roided doomfist once again!
It's time to invest in Algeria.
It's time to lay all the cards on the table.
It's time to learn Danish.
It's time to learn German.
It's time to learn Russian.
It's time to learn the German language.
It's time to leave Tom.
It's time to leave for school.
It's time to leave off work.
It's time to leave the past behind.
It's time to leave this place.
It's time to leave, Tom.
It's time to leave.
It's time to let Tom go.
It's time to let go.
It's time to let someone else do it.
It's time to level with Tom.
It's time to live it up in Las Vegas and take advantage of our great fares to get you there.
It's time to live.
It's time to make a change.
It's time to make a decision.
It's time to make amends.
It's time to make good on my promise.
It's time to make out our annual report.
It's time to make some changes.
It's time to make space for the next generation.
It's time to make up your mind.
It's time to meet Tom.
It's time to milk the goats.
It's time to move forward.
It's time to move in for the kill.
It's time to move on.
It's time to neuter the cat.
It's time to neuter the dog.
It's time to obliterate those walls of yours!
It's time to open the third wardrobe.
It's time to pack up and go.
It's time to pack up.
It's time to party.
It's time to patch things up.
It's time to pay up all your debts and close out your loan.
It's time to pay up.
It's time to perform the ceremony.
It's time to perform the ritual.
It's time to plan ahead.
It's time to play some music.
It's time to play the joker.
It's time to play.
It's time to polish up my English for a trip.
It's time to prepare dinner.
It's time to put a stop to workplace bullying.
It's time to put an end to this.
It's time to put everything you've learned into practice.
It's time to put it behind me.
It's time to put it behind us.
It's time to put my thinking cap on and get to the bottom of this elusive mystery.
It's time to put the animals back in their cages.
It's time to put the children to bed.
It's time to put the plan in action.
It's time to put this little accident behind us.
It's time to put your cards on the table and tell us what the real story is with this situation.
It's time to put your knowledge into practice.
It's time to question Zionism.
It's time to quit.
It's time to recharge your energy. Head to bed, please.
It's time to reckon with the legacy of colonization.
It's time to reflect on your past.
It's time to remove Tom from office.
It's time to remove the battery.
It's time to replace the light switch.
It's time to resolve this question once and for all.
It's time to rest.
It's time to restore order.
It's time to return to the Tuareg camp.
It's time to return to university.
It's time to reverse the trend.
It's time to ring in the New Year.
It's time to rise up.
It's time to roll up your sleeves and get to work.
It's time to say OK.
It's time to say goodbye to Tom.
It's time to say goodbye to your mother.
It's time to say goodbye.
It's time to say goodnight.
It's time to say okay.
It's time to say thank you.
It's time to say things.
It's time to separate.
It's time to set fire to it.
It's time to set off.
It's time to set the record straight.
It's time to set the table.
It's time to set up a meeting.
It's time to show the boys some real music.
It's time to show you how it's done.
It's time to show your cards.
It's time to sitdown!
It's time to slaughter the sheep.
It's time to sleep.
It's time to start acting like an adult.
It's time to start back home.
It's time to start cooking.
It's time to start getting ready.
It's time to start having fun.
It's time to start milking the ewe.
It's time to start now.
It's time to start over.
It's time to start saving for retirement.
It's time to start the transfer.
It's time to start thinking about leaving.
It's time to start working again.
It's time to start.
It's time to stock up on provisions.
It's time to stop doing that.
It's time to stop doing this.
It's time to stop fighting.
It's time to stop fooling around.
It's time to stop gorging ourselves on junk food.
It's time to stop procrastinating.
It's time to stop this brinkmanship.
It's time to stop this madness.
It's time to stop this.
It's time to stop waiting.
It's time to stop.
It's time to take a bath.
It's time to take a snack.
It's time to take direct action.
It's time to take matters into our own hands.
It's time to take my medicine.
It's time to take my pills.
It's time to take my shower.
It's time to take out the garbage.
It's time to take out the trash.
It's time to take stock.
It's time to take the pie out of the oven.
It's time to take the rubbish out.
It's time to take your medication.
It's time to take your medicine.
It's time to talk about the birds and the bees.
It's time to talk.
It's time to tell him.
It's time to tell people the truth.
It's time to tell the whole truth.
It's time to test it.
It's time to transition to a gift economy.
It's time to try something new.
It's time to turn off the computer.
It's time to turn on the light.
It's time to turn on the power.
It's time to turn the page.
It's time to vote.
It's time to wait now.
It's time to wake Tom up.
It's time to wake up now. Tom, wake up!
It's time to wake up!
It's time to wake up, dear.
It's time to wake up.
It's time to wash off that funk, Tom. You stink.
It's time to wash that funk off, Tom. You stink.
It's time to wash your hands and get rid of those germs.
It's time to wind up.
It's time to work now. Let's get down to business.
It's time to work together.
It's time to work.
It's time to wrap it up.
It's time we all grew up.
It's time we changed that.
It's time we did something about that.
It's time we did something.
It's time we do something.
It's time we fought back.
It's time we got out of here.
It's time we got ready.
It's time we had a talk.
It's time we left.
It's time we moved on.
It's time we put our foot down.
It's time we said goodbye.
It's time we set some limits.
It's time we should make peace with us and with everything around us.
It's time we talked.
It's time we went home.
It's time we went to bed.
It's time you brushed your teeth.
It's time you cleaned your teeth.
It's time you faced reality.
It's time you got a haircut.
It's time you got back to work.
It's time you got married.
It's time you grew up.
It's time you had a dose of your medicine.
It's time you knew how I feel.
It's time you knew the truth.
It's time you left.
It's time you looked ahead.
It's time you met Tom.
It's time you pay.
It's time you started cleaning the table.
It's time you stood on your own two feet.
It's time you stopped watching television.
It's time you told Tom the truth.
It's time you told me the whole truth.
It's time you took my advice.
It's time you two talked.
It's time you went to bed, too.
It's time you went to bed.
It's time you went to bed. Turn off the radio.
It's time you went to the barber's.
It's time! You can now use a great language learning app for beginners, intermediate and even advanced learners. Duolingo has never been the best app, but it's getting worse by the day. Its primary message is not that its creators love languages, but that they are diverse in skin color.
It's time, Tom.
It's time, Ziri.
It's time, Ziri. Don't you think?
It's time-consuming.
It's time.
It's time. I have to get going.
It's times like these I just want to cry.
It's times like these that I just want to cry.
It's times like these that you give again.
It's times like this that people like us need help.
It's tiny.
It's tipping it down.
It's tiring.
It's to be expected.
It's to catch the listener's attention.
It's to see your face well.
It's to the left.
It's to the point where even a non-allied country like Algeria is obsessed with half-digested American propaganda about "wokeness."
It's to the point.
It's to the right.
It's to your advantage to learn everything you can.
It's to your advantage.
It's to your credit that you told the truth.
It's to your left.
It's toasty here.
It's today that my friend got married.
It's today that they're gone to their father's area.
It's tomorrow that I'll do that.
It's tomorrow that you're leaving, isn't it?
It's too a high price.
It's too bad I didn't study law either.
It's too bad Tom couldn't attend today's meeting.
It's too bad Tom couldn't be here.
It's too bad Tom died.
It's too bad Tom doesn't understand French very well.
It's too bad Tom is sick.
It's too bad Tom isn't here.
It's too bad Tom won't be able to come to our party tomorrow.
It's too bad but we got pummeled at the soccer match.
It's too bad he doesn't have a sense of humor.
It's too bad my friend isn't here.
It's too bad of them.
It's too bad people use computers to waste time.
It's too bad she can't come to the party.
It's too bad she's ill.
It's too bad that I don't need to lose weight.
It's too bad that I relied on you.
It's too bad that Mary didn't ask Tom to help her do that.
It's too bad that Tom and Mary didn't ask John to help them do that.
It's too bad that Tom can't be here.
It's too bad that Tom couldn't attend today's meeting.
It's too bad that Tom couldn't come.
It's too bad that Tom didn't ask Mary to help him do that.
It's too bad that Tom doesn't understand French very well.
It's too bad that Tom is sick.
It's too bad that Tom isn't going to be there.
It's too bad that Tom isn't here anymore.
It's too bad that Tom won't be able to come to our party tomorrow.
It's too bad that happened.
It's too bad that we won't be able to do that today.
It's too bad that you are leaving here.
It's too bad that you couldn't come.
It's too bad that you didn't take my advice.
It's too bad that you won't be able to take a holiday this year!
It's too bad that you're reacting like this.
It's too bad the college dining hall doesn't have fig cookies.
It's too bad the cult of Astarte died out.
It's too bad the teacher is leaving our school.
It's too bad we couldn't do that with you.
It's too bad we couldn't do that.
It's too bad we didn't get that on video.
It's too bad we didn't see Tom when we were in Boston.
It's too bad we don't speak the same language.
It's too bad we missed it.
It's too bad we're not out fishing.
It's too bad you can't come to the party.
It's too bad you can't come today.
It's too bad you can't come with us today.
It's too bad you can't stay a little longer.
It's too bad you didn't come with us.
It's too bad you didn't take my advice.
It's too bad you don't want to accept my decisions.
It's too bad you're leaving.
It's too bad you've caught a cold.
It's too bad, but your character gets killed at the start of the play.
It's too big a risk.
It's too big for me.
It's too big for you.
It's too big to fit in the car.
It's too big.
It's too boring here.
It's too bright outside to sleep.
It's too bright to be magenta.
It's too bright to sleep.
It's too bright.
It's too close to call.
It's too close to home.
It's too cold for a picnic today.
It's too cold for me to sit out here. Let's eat inside.
It's too cold for me.
It's too cold for the tortoise outside.
It's too cold for the tortoises outside.
It's too cold here.
It's too cold in here for me.
It's too cold in here.
It's too cold to do that now.
It's too cold to eat now.
It's too cold to go on a picnic today.
It's too cold to go outside today.
It's too cold to go outside.
It's too cold to go swimming today.
It's too cold to go to the sea yet.
It's too cold to support human life.
It's too cold today for a picnic.
It's too cold.
It's too complex.
It's too complicated for me.
It's too complicated to answer.
It's too complicated.
It's too conspicuous.
It's too creepy.
It's too cringe to be fake.
It's too crowded here.
It's too cute for me to handle.
It's too cute to be true.
It's too damp in our basement for a piano.
It's too dangerous for you to stay here.
It's too dangerous!
It's too dangerous.
It's too dark down here.
It's too dark here to read a book.
It's too dark in here to read.
It's too dark out here.
It's too dark so I can't see very well.
It's too dark to be able to read.
It's too dark to play baseball now.
It's too dark to play outside.
It's too dark to play tennis now.
It's too dark to play tennis.
It's too dark to read in here.
It's too dark to read.
It's too dark to see anything.
It's too dark to see.
It's too dark to take pictures here.
It's too dark to take pictures in here.
It's too dark.
It's too darned hot to do anything today.
It's too dear for me.
It's too deep for me.
It's too deep here to stand.
It's too depressing.
It's too difficult for me.
It's too difficult to do it that way.
It's too difficult to explain.
It's too difficult.
It's too early for lunch.
It's too early for that to happen.
It's too early for us to do that.
It's too early for you to come.
It's too early for you to go back to sports.
It's too early in the year for cherry blossoms to be out.
It's too early to call Tom.
It's too early to decide.
It's too early to do that now.
It's too early to do that.
It's too early to get up yet.
It's too early to get up.
It's too early to give up.
It's too early to go to bed.
It's too early to go to the beach.
It's too early to jump to conclusions.
It's too early to know.
It's too early to leave.
It's too early to play the piano.
It's too early to really tell.
It's too early to say whether Tebboune's measures are successful or not.
It's too early to say whether Tebboune's reforms are successful or not.
It's too early to say.
It's too early to sleep; besides, I'm not tired.
It's too early to tell anything.
It's too early to tell if Tom will be able to walk again.
It's too early to tell if we were successful or not.
It's too early to tell whether the strategy will pay off.
It's too early to tell yet.
It's too early to tell.
It's too early.
It's too easy for me to goof off when I'm at my computer.
It's too easy otherwise.
It's too easy that way.
It's too easy to translate.
It's too easy!
It's too easy.
It's too embarrassing.
It's too expensive for me.
It's too expensive for us to buy.
It's too expensive for us.
It's too expensive!
It's too expensive.
It's too far away to walk from here.
It's too far away.
It's too far to walk there.
It's too far to walk to the station, so let's take a bus.
It's too far to walk.
It's too far.
It's too fast.
It's too flashy.
It's too foggy. I can't see a thing.
It's too good a chance to miss.
It's too good an opportunity to let it slip away.
It's too good an opportunity to let slip away.
It's too good an opportunity to miss.
It's too good of a bargain to pass up on.
It's too good of an opportunity to miss.
It's too good to be true.
It's too hard for me to answer.
It's too hard for me.
It's too hard to do it that way.
It's too hard to explain.
It's too hard.
It's too heavy for Tom to carry.
It's too heavy for me to easily carry.
It's too heavy for me to lift.
It's too heavy to carry.
It's too heavy to lift.
It's too heavy to move.
It's too heavy, I can't lift it.
It's too heavy.
It's too heavy. I can't lift it.
It's too high in calories.
It's too high up.
It's too high.
It's too hot and I'm very tired.
It's too hot for Tom to go out.
It's too hot for me.
It's too hot for us to work.
It's too hot in here.
It's too hot in the summer.
It's too hot indoors.
It's too hot inside.
It's too hot outside.
It's too hot this summer.
It's too hot to do anything today.
It's too hot to do anything.
It's too hot to do much of anything.
It's too hot to do that now.
It's too hot to do this now.
It's too hot to eat now.
It's too hot to exercise today.
It's too hot to go for a walk.
It's too hot to go out.
It's too hot to sleep.
It's too hot to wear a sweater most of the year.
It's too hot to wear a turtleneck.
It's too hot to work outside today.
It's too hot to work right now.
It's too hot to work.
It's too hot today.
It's too hot! The snowman is going to disappear soon!
It's too hot, Mom. I can't eat.
It's too hot.
It's too hot. I will turn the AC on.
It's too hot. It's too cold. When will it ever end?
It's too hot. The bananas aren't selling.
It's too hot. We've decided to get away from the heat by going to the mountains at the weekend with our son.
It's too hot. We've decided to go to the mountains with our son this weekend to escape the heat.
It's too humid for me.
It's too humid out.
It's too humid where I live.
It's too humid.
It's too large a hazard to venture there.
It's too large.
It's too late anyway.
It's too late at night for you to walk home alone.
It's too late for Tom.
It's too late for apologies.
It's too late for her.
It's too late for him.
It's too late for me to change anything.
It's too late for me, but you could go.
It's too late for me.
It's too late for regrets.
It's too late for that now.
It's too late for that.
It's too late for them.
It's too late for us to back out.
It's too late for us to stop now.
It's too late for you to apologize now.
It's too late for you to help me now.
It's too late for you.
It's too late now to be sorry.
It's too late now to do that.
It's too late now to set off.
It's too late now, Lusya!
It's too late now.
It's too late now. Besides, it's starting to rain.
It's too late now. The cat's out of the bag.
It's too late to act.
It's too late to apologize now.
It's too late to apologize.
It's too late to ask anyone now.
It's too late to ask for help now.
It's too late to back out now.
It's too late to call Santiago to come pick us up.
It's too late to call Tom now.
It's too late to call it off.
It's too late to change your mind now.
It's too late to contact Tom now.
It's too late to contain TikTok.
It's too late to do anything about that now.
It's too late to do anything.
It's too late to do that now.
It's too late to do that.
It's too late to eat now.
It's too late to fix that now.
It's too late to get out now.
It's too late to go now.
It's too late to go out now.
It's too late to go there now.
It's too late to go to the bank now.
It's too late to help Tom now.
It's too late to help Tom.
It's too late to help her.
It's too late to help him.
It's too late to help me.
It's too late to help them.
It's too late to help us.
It's too late to help you.
It's too late to learn how to swim when the ship is sinking.
It's too late to learn to swim when the ship is sinking.
It's too late to make up for that.
It's too late to re-negotiate terms.
It's too late to regret saying that.
It's too late to say sorry.
It's too late to say you're sorry now.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the animals are out.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse has already gotten out.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse has been stolen.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse has escaped.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse has run away.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse has run off.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse is gone.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse is out.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse is stolen.
It's too late to shut the barn door when the horse has already run off.
It's too late to shut the barn door when the horse is already out.
It's too late to shut the stable door after the horse has bolted.
It's too late to start over.
It's too late to start worrying about that now.
It's too late to stop Tom now.
It's too late to try that.
It's too late to turn back now.
It's too late to turn back.
It's too late to visit Tom now.
It's too late to visit Tom.
It's too late to visit her.
It's too late to visit him.
It's too late to visit them.
It's too late to vote now. The polls are closed!
It's too late to worry about that now.
It's too late, I just need to go to bed.
It's too late, anyhow.
It's too late, the bus has already left.
It's too late.
It's too late. I'll see you home.
It's too late. I'm dying.
It's too late. We'll see each other at home.
It's too little, too late.
It's too long a story to tell you right now.
It's too long.
It's too loud I can't hear you.
It's too loud in here. I can't hear you.
It's too loud in here. Let's go outside where we can talk.
It's too loud in the club.
It's too loud in the hospital.
It's too loud in this club.
It's too loud.
It's too low.
It's too many at once.
It's too much all at once.
It's too much and never enough.
It's too much effort.
It's too much for Layla to bear.
It's too much for me.
It's too much for one person.
It's too much for you to handle.
It's too much hassle.
It's too much of a coincidence.
It's too much of a nuisance.
It's too much of a risk.
It's too much to ask.
It's too much trouble to walk there.
It's too much.
It's too muddy here. The truck refuses to go forward.
It's too narrow.
It's too noisy here for me.
It's too noisy here.
It's too noisy here. I can't concentrate.
It's too noisy here. Let's go somewhere else.
It's too noisy in here.
It's too noisy to sleep.
It's too old.
It's too overwhelming.
It's too painful.
It's too personal a question.
It's too posi.
It's too public.
It's too quiet in here.
It's too quiet.
It's too risky to fight them at a place they choose.
It's too risky.
It's too risqué for TV, but it's all over the internet.
It's too salty.
It's too scary.
It's too short.
It's too simple.
It's too slippery.
It's too slow.
It's too small for me.
It's too small.
It's too smoky here for me.
It's too smoky here.
It's too smoky in here for me.
It's too smoky in here for you, isn't it?
It's too soon for that to happen.
It's too soon for that.
It's too soon to discuss that.
It's too soon to do that.
It's too soon to draw conclusions.
It's too soon to give up.
It's too soon to joke about it.
It's too soon to tell whether it's a boy or a girl.
It's too soon to tell.
It's too soon to think about marriage. We're still getting to know each other.
It's too soon.
It's too spicy for me.
It's too spicy for you, isn't it?
It's too spicy.
It's too steep a climb.
It's too sunny to stay inside.
It's too sunny.
It's too sweet for my taste.
It's too thin.
It's too tight.
It's too ugly.
It's too unstable.
It's too violent a film for my taste.
It's too warm in here.
It's too warm in the infirmary.
It's too warm in the sickroom.
It's too windy to put the laundry out to dry.
It's top secret.
It's top-notch.
It's torn.
It's totally OK for a woman not to cover her head in Algeria.
It's totally amazing.
It's totally cool.
It's totally dark outside.
It's totally dark, I can't see a damn thing.
It's totally different.
It's totally fine.
It's totally lame.
It's totally meaningless.
It's totally my fault.
It's totally normal.
It's totally right to say that Erdogan brings disease.
It's totally true.
It's totally unbelievable.
It's totally unfair.
It's totally up to you.
It's totally useless.
It's totally without precedent for the suspect's attorney to be the true culprit.
It's totally worth a shot.
It's totally wrong.
It's touch and go.
It's tough on Yanni.
It's tough out there.
It's tough raising a kid.
It's tough right now.
It's tough to explain.
It's tough to find job openings in the US.
It's tough to forget him.
It's tough to get over this.
It's tough to get there.
It's tough to know whether Algeria is really politically stable or not.
It's tough to lose a loved one.
It's tough to make ends meet.
It's tough to make predictions, especially about the future!
It's tough to say why.
It's tough to work with Ziri.
It's translated into French.
It's transparent.
It's trash day.
It's treatable.
It's tremendously exciting.
It's tricky.
It's trivia night.
It's troublesome that Internet Explorer's stop icon looks like a shiitake mushroom.
It's true Tom is a strict father.
It's true Tom is in Australia.
It's true Tom is very lucky.
It's true Tom said that.
It's true Tom talks a lot, but he doesn't say much.
It's true any way you look at it.
It's true hard work never killed anybody, but why take the chance?
It's true love!
It's true love.
It's true of the overwhelming majority of us.
It's true that Americans love pizza.
It's true that Christmas adopts aspects of Saturnalia, which you are free to celebrate if you don't want to be called a cultural Christian, although your success may be limited.
It's true that English is full of vocabulary from other languages, but so are most languages.
It's true that I had a crush on her.
It's true that I want to know it.
It's true that I was less than honest with you about my past.
It's true that I was madly in love with Mary.
It's true that I was madly in love with her.
It's true that I'm a strict teacher.
It's true that I've been a writer before, but that felt more like I was a worker rather than a creator. It wasn't the nature of the work itself so much as my own mindset about it.
It's true that Stephen Hawking was physically disabled. But his brain was okay.
It's true that Takeshi came, but he left again.
It's true that Tom did that.
It's true that Tom is a strict father.
It's true that Tom is in Australia.
It's true that Tom is very lucky.
It's true that Tom knows a lot about cooking, but he's not a good cook.
It's true that Tom said that.
It's true that Tom talks a lot, but he doesn't say much.
It's true that a ghost appeared at my house.
It's true that cats purr when they're happy.
It's true that he doesn't do his duties well, but I don't want to make him feel bad.
It's true that he fell in love with her.
It's true that he is in America.
It's true that he is in love with her.
It's true that he said that.
It's true that he saw a monster.
It's true that he's ill.
It's true that it would be easier for students if there were only one single Spanish dialect, but that's quite far from being the case.
It's true that it's cold.
It's true that it's fun, but at the same time it's scary.
It's true that it's hot.
It's true that it's not true?
It's true that she knows a lot about cooking, but she isn't a good cook.
It's true that she's dead.
It's true that she's pretty, but she's selfish.
It's true that the earth is round.
It's true that the project is a difficult task, but Mr Hara will be able to bring it off.
It's true that there are fewer children due to the falling birthrate, and there are fewer children in the school, but that is all to the good.
It's true that today women have more rights, but before they had more power.
It's true that we can't be too careful choosing our friends.
It's true that we don't laugh every day.
It's true that you're wrong.
It's true that, as the years stack up, you come to see things.
It's true!
It's true, he knows everything.
It's true, he's dead.
It's true, isn't it?
It's true, it's a precious word.
It's true, it's from the dark.
It's true.
It's true. Books really do have a Quixotic spell.
It's true. I saw it on TV.
It's true; my self-confidence is virtually zero.
It's truly a masterpiece.
It's truly amazing.
It's truly disappointing to witness your behavior.
It's truly frightening.
It's truly quite cold.
It's truly revolutionary in Algeria.
It's truly tragic.
It's truly very cold.
It's turning sour.
It's turquoise.
It's turtles all the way down.
It's twelve exactly.
It's twelve o'clock.
It's twenty after ten.
It's twenty degrees in the shade, but even warmer in the sun.
It's twenty minutes to four.
It's twenty past six.
It's twenty past three.
It's twenty to two.
It's twenty-five to eight.
It's twenty-five to one.
It's twice as big.
It's two blocks from here.
It's two blocks north from here.
It's two hours there by bus.
It's two in the afternoon.
It's two in the morning.
It's two kilometers from the station to the library.
It's two kilometres from here.
It's two kilometres on foot, and four by bus.
It's two miles from here to the station.
It's two months since he arrived in Tokyo.
It's two months since they arrived in Tokyo.
It's two months since you arrived in Tokyo.
It's two o'clock everywhere in Chile.
It's two o'clock in the afternoon.
It's two o'clock in the morning.
It's two o'clock now.
It's two o'clock.
It's two pounds.
It's two-fifteen.
It's two-thirty.
It's typical autumn weather.
It's ugly, bright yellow and it doesn't go with anything. But at least you won't get run over in the dark!
It's ugly.
It's unacceptable behavior.
It's unacceptable to smear Islam for what some extremists do in its name.
It's unacceptable!
It's unacceptable.
It's unauthorized.
It's unavoidable.
It's unbearable to listen to.
It's unbearably hot today.
It's unbearably hot.
It's unbecoming to speak of money.
It's unbelievable but true.
It's unbelievable how fast time flies.
It's unbelievable that Tom supports that dictator.
It's unbelievable that Tom's already over 80.
It's unbelievable what a cynic Tom is.
It's unbelievable, just unbelievable!
It's unbelievable.
It's unbelievably beautiful!
It's unbelievably bothersome.
It's uncertain if Tom will come.
It's uncertain if he'll come.
It's uncertain if his heart will eat him up.
It's uncertain that she goes back to her husband's home.
It's uncertain when he will be back from Paris.
It's uncertain whether Tom will do that.
It's unclear how Tom died.
It's unclear how long Tom and Mary want us to stay.
It's unclear how long Tom wants us to stay.
It's unclear if they love each other or not.
It's unclear to me what he was doing there.
It's unclear what Tom's plan is.
It's unclear what caused the crash.
It's unclear what caused the damage.
It's unclear what their plan is.
It's unclear what went wrong.
It's unclear when Tom died.
It's unclear when that occurred.
It's unclear whether or not she knows what she's talking about.
It's unclear who did that.
It's unclear who was behind the attack.
It's unclear why Tom and Mary aren't here.
It's unclear why Tom and Mary haven't done that.
It's unclear why Tom did that.
It's unclear why Tom had stopped doing that.
It's unclear why Tom hasn't done that.
It's unclear why Tom isn't here.
It's uncommon to come across ten-pound boxes of nutmeg, so be sure to grab as many as you can when you do.
It's uncontrollable.
It's undamaged.
It's undeniably the best method.
It's under the bed.
It's under the chair.
It's under the table.
It's understandable if you failed the exam.
It's understandable that you should feel this way.
It's understood that we'll start tomorrow.
It's undisputed that Marina is infallible.
It's undoubtedly the better of the two.
It's undue risk.
It's unduly expensive.
It's unethical to own a cat as a pet.
It's unfair that my children still have to suffer the consequences of my choice.
It's unfair that one of the cans had only five, instead of seven, pieces of sardines.
It's unfair to judge all Muslims based on the actions of a few.
It's unfair to stereotype all young people as potential troublemakers.
It's unfair!
It's unfair.
It's unforgettable.
It's unforgivable to date such a beggar, darling!
It's unforgivable to date such a broken man, darling!
It's unfortunate how many language courses shy away from teaching people how to be political.
It's unfortunate that dogs and cats don't live as long as humans.
It's unfortunate that happened.
It's unfortunate that he is gone.
It's unfortunate that he's racist.
It's unfortunate that she's so shy.
It's unfortunate that that happened.
It's unfortunate that you can't go with us.
It's unfortunate that you have already booked your ticket.
It's unfortunate that you've already booked your ticket.
It's unfortunate, but it happens.
It's unfortunately true.
It's unintelligible, I know.
It's unique and irreplaceable.
It's unique.
It's unlike Tom to get so angry.
It's unlike him to get so angry.
It's unlikely Tom and Mary understand what's going on.
It's unlikely Tom can be persuaded to retire.
It's unlikely Tom is as busy as you think.
It's unlikely Tom is as stupid as you think he is.
It's unlikely Tom is as stupid as you think.
It's unlikely Tom is stupid enough to do something like that.
It's unlikely Tom understands what's going on.
It's unlikely Tom will attend the conference.
It's unlikely Tom will be at the meeting.
It's unlikely Tom will be here on time.
It's unlikely Tom will do that.
It's unlikely Tom will ever learn to play the mandolin.
It's unlikely Tom will find us.
It's unlikely Tom will go to Boston with us.
It's unlikely Tom will help us.
It's unlikely Tom will know what needs to be done.
It's unlikely Tom will know what to do.
It's unlikely Tom will return.
It's unlikely Tom will want to do that.
It's unlikely Tom will win.
It's unlikely anybody other than Tom would be interested in buying this.
It's unlikely anyone other than Tom would be interested in buying this.
It's unlikely he will go there alone.
It's unlikely it'll rain tomorrow.
It's unlikely it'll snow tomorrow.
It's unlikely our team will win.
It's unlikely she's as clueless as you think.
It's unlikely she's as stupid as you think.
It's unlikely she's that stupid.
It's unlikely that I'll have time to finish this project before next week.
It's unlikely that Tom can be persuaded to retire.
It's unlikely that Tom did that on purpose.
It's unlikely that Tom is that stupid.
It's unlikely that Tom knows Mary's phone number.
It's unlikely that Tom will attend the conference.
It's unlikely that Tom will attend the meeting.
It's unlikely that Tom will be here today.
It's unlikely that Tom will be here tomorrow.
It's unlikely that Tom will be there.
It's unlikely that Tom will do that now.
It's unlikely that Tom will do that tomorrow.
It's unlikely that Tom will do that with Mary.
It's unlikely that Tom will do that.
It's unlikely that Tom will ever learn to play the mandolin.
It's unlikely that Tom will ever return home.
It's unlikely that Tom will find us.
It's unlikely that Tom will get out of prison anytime soon.
It's unlikely that Tom will go to Boston with us.
It's unlikely that Tom will win.
It's unlikely that a hacker could get into our website.
It's unlikely that anybody other than Tom would be interested in buying this.
It's unlikely that anyone besides Tom would consider taking that job.
It's unlikely that anyone other than Tom would be interested in buying this.
It's unlikely that anything serious will happen.
It's unlikely that he did anything wrong.
It's unlikely that he did his homework himself.
It's unlikely that he'll want to get involved.
It's unlikely that it'll rain tomorrow.
It's unlikely that it'll snow tomorrow.
It's unlikely that movie will make a lot of money.
It's unlikely that our company will make a profit this year.
It's unlikely that our team will win.
It's unlikely that replacing the battery will fix the problem.
It's unlikely that that movie will make a lot of money.
It's unlikely that that would happen.
It's unlikely that that'll work.
It's unlikely that the boss would consider giving Tom a raise.
It's unlikely that the meeting will start on time.
It's unlikely that the movie will bring in a lot of money.
It's unlikely that the movie will bring in much money.
It's unlikely that the next person who walks through that door will be wearing short pants.
It's unlikely that the typhoon will hit before morning.
It's unlikely that tomorrow's meeting will last over an hour.
It's unlikely that you will go there.
It's unlikely that you'll be successful if you don't study a bit harder.
It's unlikely that you'll ever be able to convince him that he's wrong.
It's unlikely to be sold in Boston.
It's unlikely to be true.
It's unlikely to happen.
It's unlikely to rain tomorrow.
It's unlikely you'll be able to persuade anyone to do that.
It's unlikely, but not impossible.
It's unlikely.
It's unlocked.
It's unnatural.
It's unnecessary to do that.
It's unnecessary.
It's unplugged.
It's unreadable.
It's unrealistic to expect Tom and Mary to get along.
It's unrealistic to expect no conflict.
It's unrealistic to expect perfection.
It's unrealistic to expect there to be no problems.
It's unrealistic to expect to be happy all the time, don't you think?
It's unrealistic to think that small-scale farmers will be given the same power as governments or big international companies that are interested in purchasing the land.
It's unrealistic to undertake a project like that in Algeria.
It's unrealizable.
It's unreasonable to attempt doing that.
It's unrecoverable.
It's unsafe to be on the streets at night.
It's unseasonably cold.
It's unseasonably warm.
It's unspeakably stupid.
It's unstable.
It's unstoppable.
It's unsuitable for children.
It's unsurprising that Yoko would have said something like that.
It's unthinkable that a twenty-two year old can still learn something about their own language.
It's unthinkable that you sunbathe nude on the balcony.
It's unthinkable that you would sunbathe, naked, on this balcony.
It's unthinkable!
It's unusual for Jamal to go missing without saying anything.
It's unusual for Tom to be here so early.
It's unusual for Tom to be late.
It's unusual for Tom to be so quiet.
It's unusual for Tom to get up so early.
It's unusual for Tom to go to bed so early.
It's unusual for a Jew to be named Thomas.
It's unusual for a Jew to be named Tom.
It's unusual for defensive players to score many goals.
It's unusual for her to hand in an essay late.
It's unusual for him to get up early.
It's unusual for him to go to bed so early.
It's unusual for it to snow this time of year.
It's unusual for the heath to be flowering at this time of year.
It's unusual for this brand of soap not to make suds well.
It's unusual for you to be early.
It's unusual for you to be late.
It's unusual for you to complain.
It's unusual for you to do something like that.
It's unusual for you to stay up so late! Has something happened?
It's unusual hearing something like that coming from you.
It's unusual, but there are critters that bleed different colors of the rainbow besides red. The New Guinea lizards' blood — along with their tongues, muscles and bones — appear green because of incredibly large doses of a green bile pigment.
It's unusual.
It's unusually cold outside today especially since we are in October.
It's unusually ugly.
It's unusually warm today.
It's unusually warm.
It's up one floor.
It's up to 5·10⁻³ meters.
It's up to Mary whether she goes or not.
It's up to Tom now.
It's up to Tom to decide.
It's up to Tom to make sure Mary does what she's supposed to do.
It's up to Tom whether he goes or not.
It's up to Tom.
It's up to each of us.
It's up to each one of us to understand that subspecies is a biological concept, lacking in the species Homo sapiens sapiens.
It's up to her.
It's up to me to decide.
It's up to me to find a suitable person for the job.
It's up to me to tell Tom.
It's up to me to thank you.
It's up to me whether I kill you or let you live!
It's up to me.
It's up to our board.
It's up to the committee.
It's up to the court to decide.
It's up to the engineers to make sure that this tunnel doesn't collapse.
It's up to the judge to decide whether a report calls for a police investigation.
It's up to them now.
It's up to them to meet halfway.
It's up to us to ask.
It's up to us to decide how to move forward.
It's up to us to decide.
It's up to us to do it.
It's up to us to do that.
It's up to us to find it.
It's up to us to help them out.
It's up to us to make sure Tom and Mary don't do that.
It's up to us to make sure Tom doesn't do that.
It's up to us to make the next move.
It's up to us to support Tom.
It's up to us to write history.
It's up to us to write our story.
It's up to us.
It's up to you and me.
It's up to you how you spend your free time.
It's up to you how you use it.
It's up to you if we go.
It's up to you now.
It's up to you to decide the matter.
It's up to you to decide what to do.
It's up to you to decide whether or not Tom and Mary have to do that.
It's up to you to decide whether or not Tom has to do that.
It's up to you to decide whether or not to go.
It's up to you to decide whether or not we should do that.
It's up to you to decide whether we'll go there or not.
It's up to you to decide.
It's up to you to do it.
It's up to you to do that.
It's up to you to get to school on time.
It's up to you to keep things running smoothly.
It's up to you to make a choice.
It's up to you to make it happen.
It's up to you to make the decision.
It's up to you to make the next move.
It's up to you to provide evidence.
It's up to you to provide proof.
It's up to you what you do.
It's up to you whether to accept or decline.
It's up to you whether to buy it or not.
It's up to you whether you study or not.
It's up to you, Tom.
It's up to you.
It's upsetting.
It's upside down.
It's upstairs.
It's urgent that I see Tom.
It's urgent that I see her.
It's urgent that I see him.
It's urgent that I see them.
It's urgent that I see you.
It's urgent!
It's urgent, you have to go now.
It's urgent.
It's useful for organizing files.
It's useful to diversify your investment portfolio.
It's useful to study foreign languages.
It's useful.
It's useless for the police to arrest criminals if judges let them go right away.
It's useless if you don't do it with rhythm!
It's useless in this condition.
It's useless talking to Tom.
It's useless talking to her.
It's useless talking to him.
It's useless talking to them.
It's useless to argue.
It's useless to ask Tom.
It's useless to beg.
It's useless to deny it.
It's useless to escape.
It's useless to even try doing that.
It's useless to even try.
It's useless to fight.
It's useless to keep on thinking any more.
It's useless to pretend otherwise.
It's useless to run.
It's useless to say that friendship is more important than work.
It's useless to talk to Tom.
It's useless to talk to her. She doesn't listen to you.
It's useless to talk to her. She won't listen to you.
It's useless to translate things that people don't want to say.
It's useless to try and resist.
It's useless to try doing that.
It's useless to try.
It's useless!
It's useless, I'm not motivated today for some reason.
It's useless.
It's useless. Don't harp on it any longer.
It's usual for people to have disputes.
It's usually a good thing.
It's usually a pretty safe place, even after dark.
It's usually easy for Norwegians to get what Swedes are saying.
It's usually easy for Norwegians to understand what Swedes are saying.
It's usually faster to walk downhill than uphill.
It's usually hot in July.
It's usually so crowded in here that you can't find a place to sit.
It's usually the other way around.
It's usually the woman who performs the least pleasant domestic tasks.
It's utter nonsense what you offer!
It's utterly ridiculous.
It's valid to think about things differently.
It's valid until March thirty-first, nineteen-ninety-seven.
It's veal.
It's velvet season.
It's very abused.
It's very advanced and futuristic.
It's very alarming.
It's very annoying having to shave your beard constantly.
It's very attractive.
It's very bad, isn't it?
It's very bad.
It's very beautiful here, but I wouldn't want to live here.
It's very beautiful there in the summer.
It's very beautiful.
It's very big of you to admit you're wrong.
It's very big these days.
It's very big.
It's very bitter.
It's very boring.
It's very bright.
It's very catchy.
It's very cheap to live here.
It's very cheap to live off of rice and legumes.
It's very cheap.
It's very clean.
It's very clear.
It's very clogged.
It's very close by.
It's very close to here.
It's very close to the station.
It's very close.
It's very cloudy. I think it's going to rain.
It's very cloudy. I'm sure it's going to rain.
It's very cold here compared to Boston.
It's very cold here in February.
It's very cold here in January.
It's very cold here in October.
It's very cold here in the winter.
It's very cold here throughout the year.
It's very cold here! Can someone switch off the air conditioning?
It's very cold here.
It's very cold in here.
It's very cold in my house.
It's very cold in this room, isn't it?
It's very cold in this room. The fire went out.
It's very cold now.
It's very cold outside.
It's very cold this evening.
It's very cold this morning, isn't it?
It's very cold this winter!
It's very cold this winter.
It's very cold today, don't you think?
It's very cold today, isn't it?
It's very cold today.
It's very cold, the water in the bucket has frozen over.
It's very cold, this winter!
It's very cold.
It's very cold. Should I shut the window?
It's very comfortable here.
It's very comfortable.
It's very common downtown to see people standing in front of store entrances in order to attract customers.
It's very common for people to wish others a Merry Christmas, even if they don't know each other.
It's very common in Asia, especially amongst young people.
It's very common.
It's very complicated to visit Guantanamo.
It's very complicated.
It's very confusing.
It's very convenient.
It's very cool inside the house.
It's very cosy here.
It's very cosy in here.
It's very cozy here.
It's very cozy in here.
It's very creepy in here.
It's very crowded here in the summer.
It's very crowded here.
It's very crowded in here.
It's very crowded in there.
It's very dangerous for us to stay here.
It's very dangerous for you to stay here.
It's very dangerous here.
It's very dangerous to cross the street.
It's very dangerous to swim in this river.
It's very dangerous to walk around here at night.
It's very dangerous.
It's very dark in here.
It's very dark in here. Who flicked off the switch?
It's very dark in there.
It's very dark.
It's very dead around here in the summer.
It's very decent of you to help me.
It's very definitely not a flash in the pan. It's here to stay.
It's very delicious!
It's very demanding work.
It's very detailed.
It's very different from Algeria.
It's very different.
It's very difficult even for a Japanese to put on a kimono.
It's very difficult for a Palestinian to get an exit permit from Israel.
It's very difficult not to like Tom.
It's very difficult to acquire.
It's very difficult to build a computer.
It's very difficult to carry out that project.
It's very difficult to communicate with people from other cultures.
It's very difficult to cut through this fabric.
It's very difficult to do that.
It's very difficult to explain.
It's very difficult to find a black cat in a dark room, especially if there is no cat.
It's very difficult to help people who don't want to be helped.
It's very difficult to know oneself.
It's very difficult to know yourself.
It's very difficult to live here.
It's very difficult to make children behave themselves.
It's very difficult to navigate this very very dense vegetation.
It's very difficult to play football without a ball.
It's very difficult to predict exactly what's going to happen in Algeria.
It's very difficult to prove a negative.
It's very difficult to prove arson.
It's very difficult to put things in order.
It's very difficult to translate this word.
It's very difficult to transport them overland, but simple to do so by sea.
It's very difficult to trust people.
It's very difficult to understand Tom.
It's very difficult to understand her.
It's very difficult to understand him.
It's very difficult to understand you.
It's very difficult.
It's very direct.
It's very dirty.
It's very disappointing.
It's very discouraging.
It's very distracting.
It's very disturbing.
It's very drafty in here.
It's very dry.
It's very dusty in here.
It's very early.
It's very easy for me to pick up on people's vibes when they are around me.
It's very easy to become a cop in the U.S..
It's very easy to become a member in this library.
It's very easy to become famous when you're very well-known.
It's very easy to drink potato shochu now that the potato-like smell has been reduced to a low level through use of the latest biotechnology.
It's very easy to get access to your private information.
It's very easy to get bored there.
It's very easy to get into bad habits.
It's very easy to get lost in that part of Algiers.
It's very easy to learn how to swim.
It's very easy to learn the Cyrillic alphabet, but reading fluently texts written in Cyrillic characters is quite difficult for those who are just starting to learn Russian.
It's very easy to make you worry, isn't it?
It's very easy to miss this kind of mistake.
It's very easy to rant about Algeria but it's much harder to work to make Algeria a better country.
It's very easy to sacrifice someone else's health for your ability to "live your life."
It's very easy to sound natural in your own native language, and very easy to sound unnatural in your non-native language.
It's very easy to tell who is a member of the 4chan right because they all act and talk exactly the same.
It's very easy to use.
It's very easy.
It's very effective.
It's very embarrassing.
It's very entertaining.
It's very exciting, isn't it?
It's very exciting.
It's very exhausting work.
It's very expensive to live here.
It's very expensive, isn't it?
It's very expensive.
It's very exploited.
It's very far away.
It's very far from here.
It's very fast.
It's very fortunate that Tom happened to be here.
It's very fortunate that Tom was here.
It's very fortunate that this is not a traffic jam.
It's very fragile, so be careful.
It's very fragile.
It's very frosty outside.
It's very frustrating to see.
It's very frustrating to try to find your glasses when you can't see anything without glasses.
It's very frustrating.
It's very fun.
It's very good to be important, but it's more important to be good.
It's very good to do it yourself.
It's very good.
It's very gratifying to see this happening.
It's very gratifying.
It's very gray outside.
It's very hard for me to believe this.
It's very hard for me to trust anyone.
It's very hard getting a taxi in this city.
It's very hard living here.
It's very hard not to be angry today.
It's very hard to an Algerian to get access to housing.
It's very hard to convince him of anything.
It's very hard to convince him.
It's very hard to describe Gunter.
It's very hard to do that.
It's very hard to find a suitable translation.
It's very hard to find that today.
It's very hard to get along with Tom.
It's very hard to get along with him.
It's very hard to get rid of bad habits.
It's very hard to get rid of the cockroaches in our house.
It's very hard to get your heart and your head to agree in life. In my case they're not even friendly.
It's very hard to live here.
It's very hard to make anything believable to him.
It's very hard to make anything seem credible to him.
It's very hard to make children behave themselves.
It's very hard to people to understand why some mothers kill their children, but it happens.
It's very hard to play Vivaldi's bassoon concertos on the saxophone.
It's very hard to quit smoking.
It's very hard to satisfy a man like Sami.
It's very hard to see yourself as others see you.
It's very hard to see.
It's very hard to tell what might happen.
It's very hard to tell.
It's very hard to trust people.
It's very hard to understand concepts like prevalence, incidence, and case fatality ratio, but some articles explain these very well.
It's very hard to understand you.
It's very hard to understand.
It's very healthy.
It's very helpful.
It's very high.
It's very hot at night.
It's very hot during the summer.
It's very hot here in summer.
It's very hot here in the summer.
It's very hot here, it's 26 degrees.
It's very hot here.
It's very hot in Boston right now.
It's very hot in Kabylie these days.
It's very hot in here.
It's very hot in the kitchen.
It's very hot in this room.
It's very hot inside.
It's very hot outside today.
It's very hot outside.
It's very hot this morning.
It's very hot today, isn't it?
It's very hot today.
It's very hot, isn't it?
It's very hot.
It's very hot. These clothes are going to kill you!
It's very humdrum.
It's very humid here.
It's very humid in Japan.
It's very humid in summer.
It's very humid today.
It's very humid, isn't it?
It's very humid.
It's very impolite of you to decline her invitation.
It's very important for Mary that her kids behave well.
It's very important for Tom to visit his father's grave.
It's very important for me.
It's very important for our employees to be able to speak French.
It's very important for people to be able to do sports for free.
It's very important for you to be there.
It's very important for you to come.
It's very important for you to do this today.
It's very important information.
It's very important that I talk to Tom.
It's very important that we find Tom.
It's very important that we not take a half step forward where we need to take two or three steps.
It's very important that you be united at this time.
It's very important that you come.
It's very important that you do that today.
It's very important that you drink plenty of water in summer.
It's very important that you fill up all the information and do not leave any blank.
It's very important that you understand me.
It's very important to Tom.
It's very important to address the problem.
It's very important to do that.
It's very important to drink a lot of water.
It's very important to drink enough water.
It's very important to drink much water.
It's very important to explain the risks to Tom.
It's very important to get enough rest.
It's very important to her.
It's very important to him.
It's very important to keep your head if there's an emergency.
It's very important to keep your word.
It's very important to know how to let off steam, living in this world.
It's very important to know that in a language exam we don't have to demonstrate that we know words, we have to demonstrate the ability to communicate.
It's very important to know that in the language test, we're not testing the knowledge of words, but the ability to communicate.
It's very important to me what you think.
It's very important to me.
It's very important to play sports every day.
It's very important to recognise the symptoms early on.
It's very important to respect the rules.
It's very important to speak a foreign language.
It's very important to talk about it.
It's very important to them.
It's very important to us.
It's very important to vote.
It's very important!
It's very important.
It's very impressive, isn't it?
It's very improbable.
It's very inexpensive.
It's very interesting that in Chinese the concept of tense does not exist.
It's very interesting to talk with you.
It's very interesting, isn't it?
It's very interesting.
It's very jarring to hear uncensored songs with explicit lyrics playing in stores.
It's very kind of you to help me with my homework.
It's very kind of you to help me.
It's very kind of you to invite me to your birthday party.
It's very kind of you to pick me up from the station.
It's very kind of you to put it that way.
It's very kind of you to say so.
It's very kind of you to say that to me.
It's very kind of you to say that.
It's very kind of you to show me the way.
It's very kind of you.
It's very late now.
It's very late, I should already be in bed.
It's very late, so I should already be in bed.
It's very late.
It's very late. Why don't you get ready for bed, and we'll talk about this again in the morning?
It's very laudable.
It's very likely Tom will be chosen.
It's very likely Tom will be there.
It's very likely Tom will do that.
It's very likely Tom won't be there.
It's very likely Tom won't do that.
It's very likely going to be dangerous.
It's very likely he'll come.
It's very likely somebody will be waiting for us.
It's very likely someone will be waiting for us.
It's very likely that Tom will be chosen.
It's very likely that Tom will be late.
It's very likely that he'll be chosen.
It's very likely that he'll be late.
It's very likely that it will rain tomorrow.
It's very likely that it'll rain tomorrow.
It's very likely that more that fifty percent of Algiers' inhabitants are of Kabyle descent.
It's very likely that somebody will be waiting for us.
It's very likely that someone will be waiting for us.
It's very likely that someone will be waiting there for us.
It's very likely that the bus will be late. Why don't we call a taxi?
It's very likely that we will win the lawsuit.
It's very likely to rain tomorrow.
It's very likely.
It's very limited.
It's very lively in the class next door.
It's very lonely at the top.
It's very loud.
It's very low impact because they're things that would otherwise go to trash.
It's very low-tech.
It's very low.
It's very near here.
It's very near.
It's very near. It's a five minute walk.
It's very new.
It's very nice and peaceful.
It's very nice here.
It's very nice in the park when the weather's good.
It's very nice meeting you.
It's very nice of you to come.
It's very nice of you to do that for me.
It's very nice of you to help me.
It's very nice of you to invite me.
It's very nice of you to say that.
It's very nice of you.
It's very nice out.
It's very nice to meet you.
It's very nice to see you again.
It's very nice.
It's very noisy here in the summer.
It's very noisy here.
It's very noisy in here.
It's very normal to feel scared.
It's very normal.
It's very nutritious.
It's very obvious Tom and Mary like each other.
It's very obvious Tom doesn't know what he's doing.
It's very obvious Tom doesn't understand French very well.
It's very obvious Tom likes Mary.
It's very obvious Tom likes me.
It's very obvious that Tom and Mary don't understand French very well.
It's very obvious that Tom and Mary like each other.
It's very obvious that Tom and Mary like me.
It's very obvious that Tom doesn't know what he's doing.
It's very obvious that Tom doesn't understand French very well.
It's very obvious that Tom likes Mary.
It's very obvious that Tom likes me.
It's very obvious that he likes her.
It's very obvious that he likes me.
It's very obvious that he likes you.
It's very obvious.
It's very odd.
It's very old.
It's very onerous.
It's very ordinary.
It's very personal.
It's very pleasant here in the mountains.
It's very pleasant to live in a beautiful city at the foot of a mountain ridge.
It's very pleasant to talk with her.
It's very pleasant today.
It's very popular these days.
It's very popular.
It's very posi.
It's very possible Tom was correct.
It's very possible that Tom was right.
It's very practical.
It's very pretty here.
It's very pretty.
It's very private.
It's very puzzling.
It's very quick.
It's very quickly getting cold now.
It's very quiet here on Mondays.
It's very quiet here, isn't it?
It's very quiet here.
It's very quiet right now in the park.
It's very quiet.
It's very rare and priceless.
It's very rare for that to happen.
It's very rare.
It's very relaxing.
It's very rewarding.
It's very ridiculous.
It's very risky.
It's very romantic!
It's very romantic.
It's very rude of you to say a thing like that.
It's very rude to interrupt someone whilst they are talking.
It's very rude to point at people.
It's very rude to run off on somebody halfway through a date.
It's very sad indeed.
It's very sad to find out that all of our plans were in vain.
It's very sad to know that our Amerindian ancestors were almost all exterminated by the Europeans, but even more sad is to be taught in school that these genociders were heroes.
It's very sad.
It's very safe.
It's very satisfying.
It's very sensitive.
It's very serious.
It's very sexy.
It's very shameful for them in their culture.
It's very short.
It's very significant.
It's very silent here.
It's very similar.
It's very simple and intuitive.
It's very simple to understand.
It's very simple to use.
It's very simple, really.
It's very simple.
It's very slippery.
It's very slow.
It's very small and cramped.
It's very small and narrow.
It's very small.
It's very smoky in here.
It's very smoky in there.
It's very smooth.
It's very special.
It's very sticky.
It's very strange and weird.
It's very strange!
It's very strange.
It's very stressful.
It's very stuffy in here.
It's very stuffy in here. Can we open a window?
It's very stuffy. Can the window be opened?
It's very stuffy. Can we open the window?
It's very suggestive.
It's very sunny, so it's a good idea to wear a pair of dark glasses.
It's very surprising.
It's very sweet of you to pick me up from the station.
It's very sweet.
It's very symbolic.
It's very tempting.
It's very thin.
It's very tough right now.
It's very tough to trust people.
It's very tough to win.
It's very trendy to have a beard.
It's very uncomfortable.
It's very unlikely Tom and Mary know how to play mahjong.
It's very unlikely Tom knows how to play mahjong.
It's very unlikely Tom will be there.
It's very unlikely Tom will want to come.
It's very unlikely Tom will win.
It's very unlikely that I'll be adding anything new to my website anytime soon.
It's very unlikely that Tom acts that way at home.
It's very unlikely that Tom and Mary have ever done that.
It's very unlikely that Tom has ever done that.
It's very unlikely that Tom survived the crash.
It's very unlikely that Tom will agree to work for that salary.
It's very unlikely that Tom will be able to convince Mary to do that.
It's very unlikely that Tom will be fired.
It's very unlikely that Tom will be there.
It's very unlikely that Tom will come.
It's very unlikely that Tom will ever want to travel alone.
It's very unlikely that Tom will win.
It's very unlikely that Tom wrote this report.
It's very unlikely that Tom's children inherited anything from him.
It's very unlikely that a serious art collector would ever buy anything from that source.
It's very unlikely that any evidence will turn up to prove Tom's guilt.
It's very unlikely that he is actually the same man you met ten years ago.
It's very unlikely that the teacher will believe Tom's excuse for not having his homework done on time.
It's very unlikely that we will ever find a solution to this problem.
It's very unlikely that we will release a new album before next winter.
It's very unlikely that you'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
It's very unlikely that you'll ever see a horse around here.
It's very unlikely to happen.
It's very unlikely to snow tomorrow.
It's very unlikely to work.
It's very unlikely.
It's very unpleasant not to know the language.
It's very unusual for Tom to be here this time of day.
It's very unusual for a killer to dismember a body.
It's very unusual for you and Tom to disagree.
It's very upsetting.
It's very useful to have a car.
It's very valuable.
It's very warm here.
It's very warm in my room.
It's very warm in this room.
It's very warm now.
It's very warm outside.
It's very warm today.
It's very warm.
It's very warm. Shall I turn on the air conditioner?
It's very well done.
It's very wet.
It's very white.
It's very windy and my hair got messed up.
It's very windy outside, but we'll still go out for a walk.
It's very windy this morning, isn't it?
It's very windy today.
It's very windy, but it isn't cold.
It's very windy, but it's not cold.
It's very windy.
It's very worrying.
It's very, very bad.
It's very, very expensive.
It's very, very good.
It's very, very hard work.
It's very, very hard.
It's very, very hot here.
It's very, very important.
It's vibrating.
It's vile.
It's virtually impossible for Tom to pass the exam.
It's virtually impossible.
It's vital that you do that.
It's vital to respect his privacy during this time.
It's vital to understand Algeria's economy.
It's vitally important.
It's vulgar.
It's walking distance from here.
It's warm all year here.
It's warm and cozy here.
It's warm enough to swim.
It's warm enough today to bring out a slight sweat.
It's warm for this time of year.
It's warm here all the year round.
It's warm here all year round.
It's warm here.
It's warm in here.
It's warm out here.
It's warm out.
It's warm outside.
It's warm today so you can swim in the sea.
It's warm today, isn't it?
It's warm today, so we can go swimming in the ocean.
It's warm today.
It's warm under the blanket.
It's warm when the sun shines.
It's warm, so I turned on the electric fan.
It's warm.
It's warmer in the house. Let's go inside.
It's warmer outside than in this room.
It's warmer than usual tonight.
It's warmer today than it was yesterday.
It's warmer today than yesterday.
It's warmer.
It's washed and flushed.
It's washed and rinsed out.
It's washing.
It's wasteful to leave the land lying idle.
It's watching us.
It's water under the bridge.
It's water vapor.
It's water vapour.
It's water.
It's watered down.
It's way better here than where I used to live.
It's way better here than where I used to work.
It's way better here than where I usually eat.
It's way better here.
It's way better than before.
It's way better than it used to be.
It's way over there.
It's way past Tom's bed time.
It's way past Tom's bedtime.
It's way past my bed time.
It's way past my bedtime.
It's way past the time Mary promised she'd be here.
It's way past the time Tom and Mary promised they'd be here.
It's way past the time Tom promised he'd be here.
It's way past the time that Tom promised that he'd be here.
It's way past your bedtime.
It's way too big.
It's way too cold to swim.
It's way too crowded in here. Let's go somewhere else.
It's way too dangerous for us to be here.
It's way too dangerous.
It's way too early to do that.
It's way too early to leave.
It's way too early.
It's way too heavy.
It's way too hot in there.
It's way too hot inside. Let's just stay here on the porch.
It's way too hot inside...
It's way too hot to do anything today.
It's way too late to do that now.
It's way too late to do that.
It's way too late to go out now.
It's way too small.
It's way too soon.
It's way too sweet.
It's way too windy.
It's weeks since I've seen Pierre.
It's weird isn't it?
It's weird that cartoons never show cats chasing bugs.
It's weird that she hasn't yet arrived.
It's weird that that happens around here.
It's weird that the mailman hasn't come yet.
It's weird to be so far away from you.
It's weird to hear things I've said come out of other people's mouths.
It's weird to think one day you turn off a game and just happen to never play it again.
It's weird, isn't it?
It's weird.
It's well after midnight.
It's well done.
It's well known but not popular.
It's well known that African elephants are in trouble.
It's well known that spiders aren't insects.
It's well known, but it's not popular.
It's well past Tom's bedtime.
It's well said that "You can't judge people by their appearance", isn't it?
It's well worth it.
It's well worth the cost.
It's well worth the trouble.
It's well-known that spiders are not insects.
It's well-known that spiders aren't insects.
It's well-prepared, isn't it?
It's well-ventilated and an ideal place to cool down.
It's what I always drink.
It's what I always wanted.
It's what I am.
It's what I do best.
It's what I do for a living.
It's what I do.
It's what I like.
It's what I love doing.
It's what I want to do.
It's what I want.
It's what I wanted to hear.
It's what I wanted.
It's what I was born to do.
It's what I would do.
It's what I would've expected.
It's what I'd do.
It's what I'm used to doing.
It's what I'm used to.
It's what I've been waiting for.
It's what I've got to do.
It's what Tom and I are used to doing.
It's what Tom and I do best.
It's what Tom believed.
It's what Tom had.
It's what Tom painted.
It's what Tom wanted.
It's what Tom would have wanted.
It's what Tom would want us to do.
It's what Tom would want.
It's what Tom would've wanted.
It's what artists do.
It's what coaches do.
It's what dogs do.
It's what happens in the real world.
It's what he painted.
It's what he wanted to hear.
It's what life is all about.
It's what musicians do.
It's what our customers want.
It's what people do.
It's what rich people do.
It's what teachers do.
It's what the cat does.
It's what they all say.
It's what they want.
It's what was agreed to.
It's what was meant to happen.
It's what we agreed on.
It's what we always planned.
It's what we always say.
It's what we deserve.
It's what we expected.
It's what we name a knife.
It's what we name a spoon.
It's what we think we know that keeps us from learning.
It's what we've always dreamed of.
It's what you asked for.
It's what you deserve.
It's what you do and not what you say that shows who you really are.
It's what you wanted, isn't it?
It's what you've done that makes it impossible for me to stay with you.
It's what's for dinner.
It's what's inside that counts.
It's what?
It's whatever you want it to be.
It's when a man is drunk that his secrets are sunk.
It's when you become able to move that the real value of health hits home.
It's when you teach foreigners Chinese that you realize just how flawed your own Chinese is.
It's where I belong.
It's where Tom went that interests me now.
It's where it's supposed to be.
It's where no one can get it.
It's where no one can get to it.
It's where nobody can get it.
It's where nobody can get to it.
It's white like snow.
It's white.
It's wholly unnecessary.
It's why you're here.
It's wicked cold in Boston.
It's wide and broad.
It's wide.
It's wild how we have handheld devices more powerful than the room-sized computers of the past.
It's wild the way the game is set up.
It's wilful ignorance, if you ask me.
It's windier today than it was yesterday.
It's windy and cold.
It's windy and it's raining.
It's windy in the autumn.
It's windy in the fall.
It's windy out here.
It's windy outside.
It's windy today, isn't it?
It's windy today.
It's windy!
It's windy, isn't it?
It's windy.
It's wine.
It's winter and it has gotten dark hours ago.
It's winter in Australia.
It's winter.
It's wise to do that.
It's witchcraft!
It's witchcraft.
It's with great pleasure that I pronounce you man and wife.
It's with practice that you get better.
It's with them that I grew up.
It's within about two weeks.
It's within the realm of possibility.
It's within walking distance.
It's wobbling.
It's wonderful here.
It's wonderful that we're all gathered here today.
It's wonderful to be back.
It's wonderful to be here.
It's wonderful to be home.
It's wonderful to see you again.
It's wonderful to see you all again.
It's wonderful to see you.
It's wonderful weather today, isn't it?
It's wonderful!
It's wonderful.
It's wood.
It's work.
It's worked for me so far.
It's worked until now.
It's working again at last.
It's working as intended.
It's working just fine.
It's working now.
It's working out really well.
It's working properly here but not up there.
It's working so far.
It's working well so far.
It's working without any problems.
It's working!
It's working.
It's worse than I thought.
It's worse than a crime; it's a blunder.
It's worse than anything you could imagine.
It's worse than before.
It's worse than that.
It's worse than you think.
It's worse that way.
It's worse to send an innocent man to prison than to let a criminal go free.
It's worse.
It's worth a closer look.
It's worth a fortune.
It's worth a go.
It's worth a look!
It's worth a look.
It's worth a lot more than what Tom is asking for it.
It's worth a shot.
It's worth a trip.
It's worth a try, right?
It's worth a try.
It's worth at least three million dollars.
It's worth checking out.
It's worth considering.
It's worth continuing to read.
It's worth every penny.
It's worth exploring.
It's worth going to Bali because you can see the amazing sunset.
It's worth his salt.
It's worth investigating.
It's worth it to learn Berber.
It's worth it!
It's worth it.
It's worth living this life.
It's worth mentioning that during this regime, the Falklands War was its stupidest event, since boys from very poor provinces who had never seen a gun in their life were dispatched to fight.
It's worth mentioning that we need not just contributors of sentences but also people to work on the software.
It's worth much more than what Tom is asking for it.
It's worth noting that the solar water heater is also very ecological.
It's worth reading that book.
It's worth reading this book.
It's worth remembering that every emotion, as energy, can be transformed, as positive into negative, as negative into positive.
It's worth seeing!
It's worth seeing.
It's worth sending it to her.
It's worth stressing that.
It's worth talking about.
It's worth ten times my yearly salary.
It's worth the chance.
It's worth the effort.
It's worth the money.
It's worth the pain.
It's worth the price.
It's worth the risk.
It's worth the trouble.
It's worth the wait.
It's worth thinking about.
It's worth thirty million dollars.
It's worth three hundred dollars.
It's worth three times that much.
It's worth trying at all events.
It's worth trying it.
It's worth trying one more time.
It's worth trying though!
It's worth trying to write some verses.
It's worth visiting Algeria.
It's worth your time to read this book.
It's worthless for Tom.
It's worthless junk.
It's worthless.
It's worthwhile carrying out the idea.
It's worthwhile to learn foreign languages.
It's worthwhile to take his advice.
It's worthwhile to visit both places.
It's worthwhile visiting the old castles.
It's worthwhile.
It's wretchedly cold.
It's written abazure (bitch). Surely this must mean a slut?
It's written all over your face.
It's written here.
It's written in Bengali.
It's written in Croatian.
It's written in Dutch.
It's written in English.
It's written in Esperanto.
It's written in French.
It's written in Galician.
It's written in Russian.
It's written in Thai.
It's written in Ukrainian.
It's written in black and white.
It's written in black and white. How can you be in doubt?
It's written in easy English, so even you will be able to read that book.
It's written in her book.
It's written in his book.
It's written in lowercase.
It's written in pencil, so you can erase it.
It's written like that.
It's written on his face.
It's written on the label.
It's written somewhere in this book, but I don't feel like looking it up at the moment.
It's written without an apostrophe.
It's wrong of you not to be in China.
It's wrong of you not to forgive Tom.
It's wrong of you not to forgive him.
It's wrong of you to talk back to her.
It's wrong to abandon your pets, since you were the one who decided to adopt them.
It's wrong to blame the parents every time a young person commits suicide.
It's wrong to break a promise.
It's wrong to build a place of worship for your religion in place of a conquered people's place of worship for their religion.
It's wrong to deceive people, but worse to deceive yourself.
It's wrong to lie.
It's wrong to make fun of that poor man!
It's wrong to steal.
It's wrong to tell lies.
It's wrong to trick people like that.
It's wrong, Tom.
It's wrong, isn't it?
It's wrong.
It's yellow.
It's yet to be determined.
It's you I need.
It's you I'm after!
It's you I'm looking for!
It's you I'm worried about.
It's you I've come for.
It's you Mary loves, not me.
It's you Tom is interested in, not me.
It's you Tom is interested in.
It's you again.
It's you all who made that a reality.
It's you guys who made that a reality.
It's you he's interested in.
It's you she loves, not me.
It's you she's interested in.
It's you that Mary loves, not me.
It's you that she loves, not me.
It's you who are confused.
It's you who are mistaken.
It's you who argues that hypothesis.
It's you who carried that out.
It's you who doesn't understand.
It's you who has broken our agreement.
It's you who has to decide.
It's you who made that a reality.
It's you who must give up.
It's you who must thank me.
It's you who she loves, not me.
It's you who should be thanking me.
It's you who will decide whether to accept it or not.
It's you who'll make the decision.
It's you who's changed, not me.
It's you who's my friend, not him.
It's you who's to blame.
It's you who've acted inappropriately.
It's you, you the fallen angel. The perpetual fall into death. The endless fall from death to death. Bewitch the universe with your voice. Anchor yourself to your voice, bewitcher of the world, singing like a blind man lost in eternity.
It's your actions that will determine your future.
It's your bedtime.
It's your best chance.
It's your birthday soon.
It's your birthday today, isn't it?
It's your birthday, isn't it, Yuri?
It's your birthday.
It's your body.
It's your body. Take care of it.
It's your book.
It's your call, Tom.
It's your character that won my heart, not your assets.
It's your children who were late.
It's your choice, Tom.
It's your choice.
It's your civic duty to vote.
It's your civic duty.
It's your color!
It's your daily life that is your temple and your religion!
It's your deal.
It's your decision entirely.
It's your decision whether you go or stay.
It's your decision, Tom.
It's your decision.
It's your disgusting arrogance that makes you completely insufferable.
It's your dream, you have to be the one to accomplish it.
It's your duty as a son.
It's your duty to care for your parents regardless of the inconvenience.
It's your duty to do that.
It's your duty to finish the job.
It's your duty to listen to those who sheltered you.
It's your duty to vote.
It's your duty.
It's your ex-wife.
It's your father who is providing you with all these luxuries that you're so used to.
It's your fault I can't talk.
It's your fault I'm crippled.
It's your fault for being so stupid.
It's your fault that I just lost my job.
It's your fault that I'm crippled.
It's your fault that happened.
It's your fault that our story didn't turn out differently.
It's your fault that that didn't happen.
It's your fault that that happened.
It's your fault that we arrived late.
It's your fault that we're in this mess in the first place.
It's your fault this happened.
It's your fault you disrespected the locals.
It's your fault, not mine.
It's your fault.
It's your favorite song.
It's your favourite song.
It's your first time doing this kind of work. You should follow the manual exactly until you get more experience.
It's your hit, Tom.
It's your hit.
It's your home.
It's your influence!
It's your job to find it.
It's your job to see that Tom does that.
It's your job to serve as a liaison between them, so you'd better liaise.
It's your job to turn the ship around.
It's your last chance.
It's your laughter, not your bank account, that brings me joy.
It's your life and the decisions are yours to make.
It's your life, so you can do whatever, but just don't do anything that causes trouble for others.
It's your life.
It's your loss, not mine.
It's your loss.
It's your lucky day.
It's your money he wants.
It's your money, isn't it?
It's your money.
It's your money. You can do whatever you want with it.
It's your mother's birthday today.
It's your mouth that will bring it back to you again.
It's your move.
It's your night off.
It's your only chance.
It's your only choice.
It's your only hope.
It's your only shot.
It's your own fault that happened.
It's your own fault that that didn't happen.
It's your own fault that that happened.
It's your own fault.
It's your own money, right?
It's your own stupid fault.
It's your party.
It's your prerogative to decide whether to go on the trip.
It's your problem now.
It's your problem, not mine.
It's your problem.
It's your reputation that's on the line.
It's your responsibility to do that.
It's your responsibility to finish the job.
It's your responsibility to finish this job.
It's your responsibility to get Tom to do that.
It's your responsibility to keep this area clean.
It's your responsibility.
It's your right to question my intentions, but I assure you that I'm an honest person.
It's your special day.
It's your stance that he wants to talk to you about.
It's your stereotyping.
It's your terrible arrogance that makes you totally unbearable.
It's your turn next.
It's your turn now.
It's your turn soon, Bashar!
It's your turn this time.
It's your turn to answer the question.
It's your turn to change the baby.
It's your turn to deal.
It's your turn to do that.
It's your turn to do the washing up. I did it yesterday.
It's your turn to do the washing-up.
It's your turn to drive the children to school.
It's your turn to drive.
It's your turn to pay for lunch.
It's your turn to pay.
It's your turn to play.
It's your turn to read.
It's your turn to roll the dice.
It's your turn to say something now.
It's your turn to shuffle.
It's your turn to sing.
It's your turn to speak now.
It's your turn to speak.
It's your turn to take out the garbage.
It's your turn to tell me a secret.
It's your turn to throw the dice.
It's your turn to throw.
It's your turn to vacuum the house.
It's your turn to wash the dishes.
It's your turn to wash up.
It's your turn tonight.
It's your turn, Jim.
It's your turn, Tom.
It's your turn.
It's your turn. Please come this way.
It's your victory.
It's your wife on the phone. She says it's urgent.
It's your word against his.
It's yours for the asking, Tom.
It's yours for the taking.
It's yours if you want it.
It's yours now.
It's yours.
It's yours. Do what you want with it.
It's yours. I don't want it any more.
It's yucky.
It's Ṛabaḥ. He's back.
It's €35 all told.
It's €35 altogether.
It's bound to be better next time.
It, it's not like I'm doing this for you.
Italian Americans are famous for not being able to speak Italian. It's really a shame!
Italian Giuseppe Piazzi discovered Ceres on January 1, 1801 while he was searching for a star. He first believed that he had discovered a comet, but he was not confident in his belief.
Italian Pisin joke on Po.
Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte has taken new extraordinary measures to fight the spread of the coronavirus in Italy.
Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte says residents in affected towns could face weeks in lockdown.
Italian and Spanish are very similar.
Italian and Spanish fascism arose within constitutional monarchies.
Italian authorities are working around the clock putting in place unprecedented measures in an effort to curb the surge in coronavirus cases.
Italian business owners are concerned.
Italian coastguard and navy vessels backed by aircraft rescued an estimated 150,000 people in one year alone.
Italian cuisine is popular around the world.
Italian decadence may have its origins in the Middle Ages.
Italian doctors and nurses say they are burned out from their round-the-clock battle with coronavirus and the high volume of severely ill patients they are trying to save.
Italian drivers are crazy.
Italian fashion house Versace and handbag and accessories maker Furla said they would stop using real fur in their creations, joining a growing list of luxury labels turning their backs on the fur industry.
Italian film director Federico Fellini was known to have used imagery from his dreams as inspiration for scenes in some of his films.
Italian firefighters are using helicopters to fight fires along Italy's Adriatic coast and Sicily region.
Italian firefighters said they carried out more than 100 operations to clear roads of snow.
Italian had a significant influence on Ladino.
Italian imperatives confuse me.
Italian is a Romance language.
Italian is a direct descendant of Latin.
Italian is a hard language.
Italian is a language that comes from Latin.
Italian is a musical language.
Italian is a very romantic language.
Italian is my mother tongue.
Italian is my native language.
Italian is one of many pro-drop languages.
Italian is the language of love.
Italian is viewed by many as the language of love.
Italian isn't difficult.
Italian men never help in the house.
Italian men often wear scarves.
Italian officials acknowledge they do expect the drastic order to spark some civil unrest, but they believe a sense of patriotism — as well as fear of the deadly virus — will persuade most Italians to observe the restrictions on their movements.
Italian pasta is delicious.
Italian pasta is good.
Italian politicians make me mad.
Italian students are eating a pizza.
Italian students eat a pizza.
Italian students eat pizza.
Italian students like eating pizza.
Italian television is useless.
Italian verbs are grouped into three conjugations.
Italian was the only foreign language Dan knew.
Italian was the only foreign language that Dan knew.
Italian wedding soup is a savory broth with green vegetables and little meatballs. Sometimes it also contains a variety of small pasta.
Italian youth unemployment hit a record-high at 44.2 percent in June 2015.
Italian, like Portuguese and French, has three verb conjugations.
Italians are aware the virus has not been completely defeated yet.
Italians are good-humored French.
Italians are partly Gothic, Spaniards are partly Visigothic, the French are partly Franks, and the Germans themselves come not just from Germanic peoples but also from Celts, Baltic peoples, Romans, and others.
Italians are split about whether the government is being too drastic in its actions or not drastic enough.
Italians are very stylish.
Italians aren't the only Europeans expressing frustration with financially ruinous and freedom-restricting curbs—nor are they alone in demanding to be unshackled, despite rising infections.
Italians can travel within their regions starting Monday.
Italians do not drink coffee.
Italians don't drink coffee.
Italians don't eat spaghetti with a spoon.
Italians don't give up easily.
Italians don't wear flip-flops, unless they're at the pool or beach.
Italians dress neatly.
Italians eat a big meal twice a day.
Italians eat noodles.
Italians eat pasta.
Italians enjoy life.
Italians get at least 20 days of annual leave.
Italians have a different name for each differently shaped pasta, and there are many of them.
Italians have been told to avoid traveling to affected areas.
Italians in normally bustling cities like Rome and Milan woke Tuesday to empty streets and a surreal quiet.
Italians never drink cappuccino after a meal.
Italians never eat dinner before 8pm.
Italians only drink cappuccino in the morning.
Italians only use their fork to eat spaghetti.
Italians take pride in their dress and appearance.
Italians tend to dress up to go out.
Italians tend to eat late.
Italians were hoping the cup would return to Rome after 53 years.
Italians were very concerned when England scored a goal just two minutes into the game.
Italians will be able to return to bars, restaurants and beauty salons.
Italians, he argued, are finding it hard to find their bearings to navigate the current coronavirus contagion.
Italo Calvino returned to Italy when he was still a child.
Italo Calvino returned to Italy when he was still just a boy.
Italo Calvino was born in 1923 in Cuba.
Italo Calvino was born on the island of Cuba in 1923.
Italy and France are in a lot of debt.
Italy and Greece are in Europe.
Italy and Spain have been particularly hard hit by the outbreak.
Italy announced that it would shut down all schools for 10 days.
Italy as a concept is very old.
Italy failed to qualify for the World Cup.
Italy gets gas from Algeria.
Italy has 5,800 villages with fewer than 5,000 residents with nearly half virtually abandoned.
Italy has Europe's largest number of coronavirus cases — 2,700, with 100 deaths.
Italy has a rich history.
Italy has asked retired doctors to return to service to help treat coronavirus victims.
Italy has beautiful cities.
Italy has closed all nonessential businesses.
Italy has declared a state of emergency in Venice.
Italy has only 13 percent broadband links across the country and many in villages either have no internet access or poor connections via unreliable line-of-sight towers or slow speed copper phone lines.
Italy has snapped back at Greece's designs, saying blacklisting countries and travelers isn't fair, and that Italy would not allow itself to be viewed and treated as what one leading official called "a leper colony."
Italy has some of the best art galleries in the world.
Italy has two mountain ranges, the Alps and the Apennines.
Italy imports gas produced in Algeria.
Italy invaded Ethiopia in 1935.
Italy invests in small and middle industries, while America invests in large industries.
Italy is a beautiful country.
Italy is a beautiful land.
Italy is a large open-air museum.
Italy is a peninsula.
Italy is a very beautiful country.
Italy is a wine-producing country.
Italy is bounded on the north by Switzerland.
Italy is called "Italia" in Italian.
Italy is far from Brazil.
Italy is getting gas from Algeria.
Italy is having the worst economic crisis in its history.
Italy is in Europe.
Italy is in Southern Europe.
Italy is in southern Europe.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
Italy is not a good friend of Albania.
Italy is placed under lockdown.
Italy is shaped like a leg.
Italy is surrounded by the Mediterranean Sea.
Italy is taking unprecedented steps to handle the patients needing hospitalization by bringing doctors out of retirement and accelerating graduation dates for nursing students.
Italy is the country of romance.
Italy is the country where the business of selling snatched pictures of the famous began and gave the world the word "paparazzo".
Italy is the only country that regards a war as a soccer game, and a soccer game as a war.
Italy is the worst affected country in Europe.
Italy is under quarantine.
Italy isn't Greece.
Italy isn't an island country.
Italy isn't an island.
Italy lacks of leaders.
Italy purchases gas from Algeria.
Italy rejects war as an instrument of aggression against the freedom of other peoples and as a means for the settlement of international disputes.
Italy sells agricultural tools to Algeria.
Italy was once the seat of the Roman Empire.
Italy won the championship.
Italy's National Fire Corps (Vigili del Fuoco) reported that air tankers from Canada helped fight more than 715 flare-ups in the past 24 hours.
Italy's beaches are crowded in the summer.
Italy's country code is 39.
Italy's currency is the euro.
Italy's economy returned to modest growth in late 2014 for the first time since 2011.
Italy's spike in mortalities exceeded worst-case forecasts, as well as the overall rate in other stricken countries.
Italy's third fascist leader is cracking down on LGBT people living their lives.
Italy, Romania, Portugal, and Greece joined the Allies.
Italy, an early epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak in Europe, has been gradually re-opening over the past few weeks.
Italy’s National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology reported a “high intensity” explosion Monday at the Stromboli volcano, one of the most active volcanoes in the world, located off the southern coast of Sicily in the Mediterranean Sea.
Italy’s borrowing costs have fallen below the critical 7% level.
Italy’s coastal beaches are now packed again — so too are the lake shores — with vacationers breathing a sigh of relief at their escape from pandemic confinement.
Italy’s coastal beaches are now packed again.
Italy’s infection rate continues to skyrocket.
Italy’s prime minister, Giuseppe Conte, has said Italian resorts should remain closed over Christmas and the New Year holiday.
Italy’s rate of coronavirus infection slowed for a fourth day Thursday, with many hopeful that the long lockdown is providing the results everyone has been praying for.
Italy’s streets are unpeopled — a contradiction of how life is lived in Italy, which, aside from the worst of the winter months, is pursued outside, on terraces with neighbors, and in the piazzas with friends.
Itamar washed the floor.
Itamarandiba is a mining town.
Items must be selected in order to perform actions on them.
Items such as toilet paper, hand sanitizer and even eggs are hard to find.
Items with a red price tag are on sale.
Its English version is perfect.
Its architecture is principally Romanesque in form, with a generous admixture of Byzantine and Saracenic motives in detail and decoration.
Its arrival was inopportune.
Its author is little more than a college kid.
Its bark is worse than its bite.
Its beauty is incomparable.
Its beauty is unparalleled.
Its business is advancing quite well.
Its climate is continental. The humidity there reaches 84% annually. The annual rainfall is between 1,200 and 3,000 mm. As for the temperature, it varies between 5°C and 37°C.
Its color is brown.
Its color is red.
Its color is yellow.
Its conclusion is crystal clear.
Its detractors agree that it is more than a humans-in-space odyssey — even if they do not agree on why that is so.
Its doomed maiden voyage happened more than a century ago, but the sinking of the Titanic in 1912 remains the stuff of popular culture and the object of deep-sea salvage.
Its fabric didn't come from India, did it?
Its father was a very good bull, and I am expecting her to give me a very good heifer.
Its features are good, but it falls apart because of the design.
Its features are good, but the design is where it fails.
Its first inhabitants might have been soldiers.
Its flavour is indescribable.
Its flower is beautiful, but it bears no fruit.
Its glow still persists.
Its head is disproportionately big.
Its inhabitants were the docile Guaranies, who knew something of agriculture and in whose villages considerable stores of food were to be found.
Its level of modernisation far exceeded my expectations.
Its light has taken an astonishing 12.9 billion years to reach us here on Earth.
Its like a downwards spiral, which can falsely present hope of it getting better.
Its long neck resembles that of a horse.
Its massive gravity well tugs many asteroids from the outer belt inwards.
Its mechanism will cease to work.
Its metadata can be used to track and target you.
Its modernisation went much further than I had expected.
Its modernization was far beyond my expectations.
Its motion resembles the oscillation of a pendulum.
Its name is Ken.
Its name is Tom.
Its name's Tom.
Its neck and head were very soft.
Its oil is also good for the skin and the body of the person, especially for an asthmatic.
Its origin and purpose is still a total mystery.
Its origin is unclear.
Its origin is unknown.
Its origin remains unknown.
Its original soundtrack is praised for its atmosphere and originality.
Its payload is practically symbolic: a 100-kilogram satellite with a projected one-year life span containing an experimental oscillator that emits ultra short laser pulses.
Its performance on the benchmark test suite shows that this is one of the fastest computer processors in existence.
Its popularity is decreasing.
Its popularity is skyrocketing!
Its potential influence cannot be overestimated.
Its presence is important for me.
Its price has trebled.
Its principal exports are iron ore, rubber, diamonds, and gold.
Its radiance has dimmed, poor fellow.
Its radius must be thirty meters at least.
Its sale has not occurred yet
Its scope ranges from the common mistakes to the approach to the tasks, from the tips on group work to the detailed description of the exam preparation: all this to help you finish your studies successfully.
Its sharp claws began to open and close, open and close.
Its significance is very deep, especially in the case of Bangladesh.
Its smug aura mocks me.
Its structure was formed by metal columns and beams.
Its studies are widely covered in mass media and frequently cited in academic publications.
Its surface can be smooth or rough.
Its surface was as flat as a mirror.
Its tail is big.
Its taste is beyond words.
Its taste is ineffable.
Its taste is wonderful!
Its teeth are in its belly; it's a sickle, stubborn; so, what could it be?
Its value had trebled.
Its value has tripled.
Its value trebled.
Its working properly here but not up there.
Itzhak Rabin was the Nobel Peace Prize laureate for the year 1994.
It’d be best if you gave me back my knife.
It’d be better if he were more attentive.
It’d be better if you would come with me.
It’d be better to avoid her now, because she’s violent.
It’d be great if you could pick up some bread before you come home.
It’ll add to the same thing.
It’ll arrive in Chicago at 6:30.
It’ll be a big day.
It’ll be a long time before she gets over her father’s death.
It’ll be a pity if he fails.
It’ll be a waste of time if we wait for them any longer.
It’ll be cheaper in the long run to use real leather.
It’ll be fine, don’t be afraid!
It’ll be fine, you can do it! Trust yourself! You are already a splendid swimmer!
It’ll be forgotten in a few months’ time.
It’ll be impossible to get a visa at short notice.
It’ll be impossible to get a visa on short notice.
It’ll be opening time, time I get down there.
It’ll be quicker to walk than to take a taxi.
It’ll be too late then.
It’ll be two weeks before you receive the article.
It’ll be useless to stand against them.
It’ll come all right in the end.
It’ll come right in the end.
It’ll cost about 10,000 yen.
It’ll cost at least five dollars.
It’ll cost me my job.
It’ll cost over a thousand yen.
It’ll cost you 2,000 pesetas.
It’ll cure itself naturally.
It’ll do harm to you to sit up late every night.
It’ll do no harm to drink a little whisky.
It’ll just take a second.
It’ll pass in a few days.
It’ll serve him right if he fails the exam; he doesn’t study at all.
It’ll snow today.
It’ll snow tomorrow.
It’ll soon be six o’clock.
It’ll soon be three o’clock.
It’ll soon be time for dinner.
It’ll take Tom some time, but eventually he’ll get over Mary.
It’ll take a few days to break in these shoes.
It’ll take a week or so to read through this book.
It’ll take an hour to get there.
It’ll take at least one hour to go there.
It’ll take him two days to finish this work.
It’ll take me a long time to finish reading that book.
It’ll take me a long time to get over my cold.
It’ll take not less than one hour to go there.
It’ll take some time to finish unloading the truck.
It’ll take some time to get used to living here.
It’ll take some time to get used to wearing a wig.
It’ll take some time to shovel all the snow off the roof.
It’ll take some time until we have enough money to buy a new tractor.
It’ll take some time, but I think I’ll be able to learn how to play the guitar.
It’ll take some time, but I think we can patch things up.
It’ll take some time, but eventually Tom will be able to walk again.
It’ll take some time, but eventually we’ll be able to rebuild.
It’ll take the bone a month or so to set completely.
It’s 18th June today, and also Muiriel’s birthday!
It’s 2:00 p.m.
It’s 3:30.
It’s 50 yen.
It’s 7:30 now-I must fly.
It’s 7:50 in the morning.
It’s 8 P.M.
It’s 8:00 am.
It’s April first.
It’s Chinese to me.
It’s Friday, and so we have to perform our prayers.
It’s Gabriel’s turn to do that.
It’s Greek to me.
It’s Leonid’ sturn for a checkup.
It’s Lyly’s Coffee shop.
It’s Mary’s turn to wash the dishes.
It’s Monday today and it will be Tuesday tomorrow.
It’s Monday today.
It’s Monday.
It’s Mt. Rushmore.
It’s OK as long as it doesn’t get windy.
It’s OK if Yukiko can do the Tuesday, Thursday and Friday shifts from tomorrow.
It’s OK not to eat it.
It’s OK now. Don’t worry. You can depend on me one hundred percent.
It’s OK to eat the rest of the cake if you want.
It’s OK to leave the baby to cry on occasion.
It’s OK to think of ’five minutes’ as a noun phrase, right?
It’s OK with me if Tom watches television after he finishes his homework.
It’s OK with me if it’s OK with you.
It’s OK with me if we barbecue, but I don’t like it when smoke gets in my eyes.
It’s OK with me.
It’s OK, that doesn’t count.
It’s OK.
It’s October the third.
It’s Rodrigo’s turn anyways.
It’s Saturday today.
It’s Saturday. You need not have woken me up.
It’s Spain that they are going to on holiday.
It’s Sunday. He can’t have gone to school.
It’s THAT good?!
It’s Thursday and the bin lorry will be coming today.
It’s Tom I want to meet.
It’s Ying Li.
It’s a Canadian movie originally in French.
It’s a Spanish book.
It’s a TV.
It’s a bargain with the devil.
It’s a bearish market now.
It’s a beautiful country.
It’s a beautiful day!
It’s a beautiful day, isn’t it?
It’s a beautiful day.
It’s a beautiful job.
It’s a beautiful, windy day. What a day for a dog’s nose!
It’s a better line than when you used to call me from the university.
It’s a biggish chair, but it’ll just barely fit through the doorway.
It’s a bit cold, though.
It’s a bit further way.
It’s a bit much to expect me to pay the bill.
It’s a bit strange as far as I’m concerned.
It’s a bit strange to me.
It’s a bone.
It’s a book for children.
It’s a bundle of contradictions.
It’s a car that I bought in Derry yesterday.
It’s a car that I bought.
It’s a catch.
It’s a challenge to release feelings of hurt and forgive.
It’s a cinch to learn to swim.
It’s a class action involving thousands of plaintiffs, and it’s complicated.
It’s a classic commuter town, even during the day there are few people around.
It’s a clear day.
It’s a cloak-and-dagger operation.
It’s a cloudy day.
It’s a cold day, isn’t it?
It’s a comedy movie.
It’s a common mistake.
It’s a communication medium, not a substance or specific activity.
It’s a comparison of setting the white balance to "auto" versus presetting it with white copy paper.
It’s a complete mess, and it’s getting on my nerves.
It’s a concrete bridge, but several places along its length have collapsed.
It’s a couple of days in the making.
It’s a crime the way he treats his children.
It’s a crying shame that they weren’t insured against fire.
It’s a custom to celebrate Christmas.
It’s a custom to have turkey at Thanksgiving.
It’s a dead end.
It’s a deep feeling, yes really.
It’s a deeply unjust situation.
It’s a default configuration.
It’s a delicate problem.
It’s a dictionary.
It’s a different beast.
It’s a difficult matter.
It’s a direct flight from Tokyo to London.
It’s a distraction.
It’s a do-or-die situation.
It’s a doll.
It’s a double whammy.
It’s a drama where you can enjoy the delicate workings of a woman’s mind.
It’s a dreary place.
It’s a dull job to clean a bike.
It’s a fact you can’t deny.
It’s a fair cop.
It’s a fiddle going to and fro between the keyboard and mouse so are there shortcuts to allow operation using only the keyboard?
It’s a fine day and the sooner I get started the longer I can be out, so bye-bye till later on, as we are going to see Barnum’s circus.
It’s a fledgling technology but it shows great promise.
It’s a fort built to defend the town from invasion.
It’s a futile effort.
It’s a godsend.
It’s a good day to catch salmon.
It’s a good deal.
It’s a good idea for him to adopt a strict diet.
It’s a good idea to bring something to slip on over your bathing suit.
It’s a good idea to cover up when the sun is this strong.
It’s a good idea to drink bottled water.
It’s a good idea to stop using direct-links to files. Use a trick like starting the URL with double-width h t t p or something.
It’s a good idea to study the language and culture of the country you’re going to visit.
It’s a good idea, to be sure, but it’s hard to put it into practice.
It’s a good job, as far as the pay goes.
It’s a good opportunity to improve your skills.
It’s a good paper, apart from a few spelling mistakes.
It’s a good paying job, but the fly in the ointment is that I’ll have to spend a lot of time traveling.
It’s a good question.
It’s a good rule to look both ways before you cross the street anywhere.
It’s a good sentence, anyway.
It’s a good sentence, by the way.
It’s a good thing to read good books when you are young.
It’s a gradual thing.
It’s a great honor to be able to meet you.
It’s a great honor to have had the King visit our city.
It’s a great night to go dancing.
It’s a great pleasure to be here.
It’s a grim world.
It’s a guest room equipped with soundproofing with an emphasis on privacy.
It’s a half.
It’s a hard question.
It’s a hard, dirty job.
It’s a hare.
It’s a hassle trying to decide what to wear to the party.
It’s a house just like that I have seen.
It’s a house that I give to you.
It’s a house that you give to me.
It’s a huge pleasure for me to be here with all of you.
It’s a hyena.
It’s a job that few young people still dare to dream of, as it demands both patience and solitude.
It’s a job worth doing, but if I think about the working hours and the risk ... I could be onto a real losing proposition here.
It’s a kind of virtue to keep one’s temper.
It’s a kinda ridicule unnecessary fibonacci-syllabic-heap.
It’s a large brick building.
It’s a lie that, "they don’t eat fish raw abroad."
It’s a lie we don’t believe any more.
It’s a lifesize statue.
It’s a little cold today.
It’s a little farther ahead.
It’s a little sad that it’s just the two of us.
It’s a living being, so of course it shits.
It’s a long road with no curves.
It’s a long trip.
It’s a long way from here to school.
It’s a long way on foot.
It’s a long way to Boston.
It’s a long way to the station.
It’s a long way to walk.
It’s a long, long time since my girl’s been gone.
It’s a lot easier to fall in love than to stay in love.
It’s a lot less likely for a Macintosh computer to have a virus than a computer running Windows.
It’s a lot of fun going on a trip.
It’s a lot of fun making people laugh while giving a speech.
It’s a lot of fun playing outdoors.
It’s a lot of fun to be with you.
It’s a lot of fun to climb that mountain.
It’s a lot of fun.
It’s a lot too thin that our henpecked husband in fact hooked up the wallflower.
It’s a lovely day today.
It’s a lovely day.
It’s a magnificent view, isn’t it?
It’s a marvelous thing to do a play with her.
It’s a matter of cost.
It’s a matter of either-or.
It’s a matter of etiquette.
It’s a messy situation.
It’s a miracle he wasn’t killed in the plane crash.
It’s a miracle that I’ve got over cancer.
It’s a miracle that he wasn’t killed in the accident.
It’s a mistake.
It’s a misunderstanding.
It’s a more realistic plan.
It’s a new book.
It’s a nice day and I feel like taking a walk.
It’s a nice day to start again.
It’s a nice day, isn’t it?
It’s a nice day, isn’t it? Why not go out for a walk?
It’s a nice day.
It’s a no parking area here.
It’s a normal Thursday in Algiers.
It’s a page short.
It’s a pain in the neck.
It’s a painful ’truth’ for us, but watching this movie brought home to me again the danger facing Earth.
It’s a perfect example of cruel fate.
It’s a perfect trap.
It’s a pheasant.
It’s a phone call from a Mr Brown.
It’s a piece of cake.
It’s a pity for you to have to stay indoors in this weather.
It’s a pity that I don’t understand English well.
It’s a pity that I have no ear for music.
It’s a pity that Mary has no sense of humor.
It’s a pity that Mr. Mori can’t come to see us.
It’s a pity that hang, ocarina and pipa are so unpopular around here.
It’s a pity that he should be ill in bed.
It’s a pity that you can’t buy miracles like you would buy potatoes.
It’s a pity that you can’t come.
It’s a pity that you couldn’t come.
It’s a pity that you don’t know that.
It’s a pity that you should leave Japan.
It’s a pity they’re getting divorced.
It’s a pity we didn’t visit Tom when we had the chance.
It’s a pity when somebody dies.
It’s a pleasant day, isn’t it?
It’s a point of honor with me to tell the truth.
It’s a poor investment of time.
It’s a poor workman who blames his tools.
It’s a possible story.
It’s a present for you.
It’s a pretty darn good time.
It’s a pretty house.
It’s a pretty minor surgery so the doctor will probably only give you a local anaesthetic.
It’s a problem any way you look at it.
It’s a problem we do not have any answer for.
It’s a problem, however you look at it.
It’s a quaint old village.
It’s a quarter after six right now.
It’s a quarter past eight.
It’s a quarter past nine.
It’s a quarter to three.
It’s a question of life or death.
It’s a question of taste.
It’s a rainy day, so we can’t play outside.
It’s a rainy day.
It’s a rare thing to run into a famous musician on the street.
It’s a real bargain.
It’s a regular day in Algiers.
It’s a relief to have finished the assignment on time.
It’s a repetitive cycle.
It’s a riveting story.
It’s a sacred place.
It’s a secret.
It’s a secret; don’t give it away to anyone.
It’s a selection criterion.
It’s a shame that I had to quit my job just when I was getting the hang of things.
It’s a shame that many modern artists sing just as badly as elephants.
It’s a shame the way natural resources are wasted.
It’s a shame the way old people are treated.
It’s a shoot-’em-up western.
It’s a short walk.
It’s a shortcut to the school.
It’s a shot in the arm.
It’s a signal of danger.
It’s a similar situation at The Giddy Goat Coffee Roasters, an independent outfit with a unique business model of roasting coffee beans in-store and right in front of customers.
It’s a simple habit to embrace.
It’s a skill that’s not common among singers.
It’s a small noisy apartment, but it’s where I live and I call it home.
It’s a small world.
It’s a snap once you get the hang of it.
It’s a snowy day.
It’s a sop to Cerberus.
It’s a sop to Congress.
It’s a special holiday for people who like detective stories.
It’s a spectacle you won’t forget.
It’s a starry night tonight.
It’s a strange story, but every word of it is true.
It’s a student’s business to study.
It’s a sunflower.
It’s a sunny day.
It’s a surprise.
It’s a syntagm.
It’s a tad rich of me to expect perfection from others.
It’s a temporary condition.
It’s a tempting offer but I’m afraid I’m going to have to turn you down.
It’s a ten minute walk to the station.
It’s a ten minutes walk to the bus stop.
It’s a ten-minute ride from here to the train station.
It’s a terrible affair.
It’s a tiny country that most people have never heard of.
It’s a tossup as to who will win; both teams are about the same in quality.
It’s a tradition we all look forward to.
It’s a traffic lane.
It’s a tragedy that rainforests are being destroyed for the sake of profits.
It’s a trap!
It’s a trifle incident.
It’s a troll trying for click-throughs. It’s being multiposted in English-related communities all over the place.
It’s a type of neutron star known as a magnetar and is located about 10,000 light-years away from Earth in the constellation Cassiopeia.
It’s a typo. Sorry.
It’s a unique device able to make stress and melancholy vanish.
It’s a very becoming dress.
It’s a very big and busy city.
It’s a very clever piece of kit.
It’s a very dangerous sport, where a slight mistake can lead to serious injury.
It’s a very decorative plant.
It’s a very delicate matter.
It’s a very delicate question.
It’s a very good company! The president is a real go-getter and the workers all put in their best.
It’s a very good newspaper, isn’t it?
It’s a very pressing matter.
It’s a very quiet room.
It’s a very rocky soil, isn’t it?
It’s a very slow business.
It’s a very strange case.
It’s a very urgent matter.
It’s a vicious circle.
It’s a warm, blue-sky 23rd of July, 2025, here on Lulu Island. In the morning, I strolled to Tim Hortons and ordered an iced coffee with oat milk—my usual cool indulgence. The cup sweated in my hand as I walked again, this time to sunny South Arm Park. There, amidst the magical hush of the forest, I settled at a wooden picnic table. Sipping slowly, I listened to leaves whisper. It felt like something from a dream. Only today do I realize—I’m a café hobbyist. On my Social Media feed, Japan scrolls past me in serene vignettes: tatami coffee nooks, latte art under lanterns, cedarwood counterbars lit with soft amber light. Somewhere between Lulu Island and Kyōto, I wander. / iced coffee cup— / wooden tables' dream / under fir shadows
It’s a waste of time and money.
It’s a waste of time to stay longer.
It’s a waste of time.
It’s a waste of valuable time.
It’s a waste to just have the central banks watching over commodity prices.
It’s a way I have of driving off the spleen.
It’s a way of making sure that the controller is not too aggressive.
It’s a weapon without bullets.
It’s a well-known fact that spiders aren’t insects.
It’s a whole new ball game for me.
It’s a whole new ball of wax.
It’s a wholly new experience for me.
It’s a windy day.
It’s a wonder they’re still awake.
It’s a wonderful work of art.
It’s a word I’d like to find a replacement for.
It’s a word I’d like to find a substitute for.
It’s a worrying matter.
It’s abating.
It’s abnormal to have the heart on the right side.
It’s about 133 kilometers from London.
It’s about 500 metres from here.
It’s about 8 kilometers away.
It’s about a ten-minute drive from here.
It’s about five miles.
It’s about mutual understanding for us.
It’s about my husband, doctor; he sleeps badly.
It’s about one month.
It’s about ten minutes to the station by bus.
It’s about the size of an egg.
It’s about time I was going home.
It’s about time for dinner.
It’s about time for him to get here.
It’s about time for the train to arrive.
It’s about time for us to have another party.
It’s about time somebody did something about the high cost of medical care.
It’s about time somebody did something about this broken door.
It’s about time the government did something about pollution.
It’s about time to go to school.
It’s about time to start.
It’s about time we brought this party to an end, isn’t it?
It’s about time we did away with this outdated law.
It’s about time we went back.
It’s about time we went to bed.
It’s about time you get an oil change on that car.
It’s about time you got here!
It’s about time you got married.
It’s about time you got the tea ready.
It’s about time you got up.
It’s about time you sent the children to bed.
It’s about time you set about cleaning the table.
It’s about time you settled down for good.
It’s about time you stopped watching television.
It’s about time you were independent of your parents.
It’s about time.
It’s about to rain.
It’s about two miles.
It’s absolutely critical that we reconnect with nature, no matter where we are, and seriously get together to think about how we can regenerate the very system that is keeping us alive.
It’s absolutely impossible for me to go on like this.
It’s absolutely miserable outside; cold, wet rain is no good for drinking beer on the plaza with your friends.
It’s absurd never to admit your mistakes.
It’s absurd of you to do that.
It’s abundantly clear.
It’s acceptance of whatever shall be.
It’s ached before, but never as badly as right now.
It’s across the street.
It’s actually on the right way.
It’s against my rules to compromise.
It’s against the law to carry weapons.
It’s against the rules.
It’s ahead of schedule.
It’s all Greek to me, but to the Esperantist it’s VolapÃ¼k.
It’s all Greek to me.
It’s all Tom’s fault.
It’s all about feeling comfortable together.
It’s all about sentences. Not words.
It’s all but impossible.
It’s all dark outside.
It’s all going to be OK.
It’s all going wrong, Watson—all as wrong as it can go.
It’s all in a day’s work.
It’s all just a big misunderstanding.
It’s all just a misunderstanding.
It’s all laid on.
It’s all my fault.
It’s all one to me.
It’s all or nothing.
It’s all over between us.
It’s all over for me. I lost my job.
It’s all over for you.
It’s all over with her.
It’s all over with poor Tom.
It’s all over.
It’s all right for now.
It’s all right on the part of his family.
It’s all right to drink, but drink in moderation.
It’s all right to tell a man to lift himself by his own bootstraps, but it is a cruel jest to say to a bootless man that he ought to lift himself by his own bootstraps.
It’s all right with him.
It’s all right with me.
It’s all right.
It’s all the rage.
It’s all the same to me whether you go or stay.
It’s all the same to me whether you will go to sea or not.
It’s all the same to me.
It’s all the same.
It’s all up to you.
It’s all up with him.
It’s all up with me.
It’s all up with my business.
It’s all up with the firm.
It’s all white.
It’s almost half past eleven.
It’s almost hard to believe all these beautiful things were made by hand such a long time ago.
It’s almost impossible to avoid eating genetically modified food.
It’s almost impossible to work out this problem.
It’s almost late.
It’s almost midnight here.
It’s almost over.
It’s almost rush hour.
It’s almost six o’clock.
It’s almost six.
It’s almost time for the cherry blossoms.
It’s almost time for the guest to arrive.
It’s almost time to go to bed.
It’s already 11:30. We should turn in.
It’s already 7 o’clock.
It’s already 7:00.
It’s already September; however, it is very hot.
It’s already almost night.
It’s already cleared up.
It’s already dark outside.
It’s already eleven o’clock. I must be leaving now.
It’s already eleven. It’s high time you were in bed.
It’s already evening, I’m tired and have to finish writing. Good night!
It’s already nine o’clock.
It’s already out of fashion.
It’s already past ten o’clock.
It’s already seven.
It’s already ten o’clock at night.
It’s already ten o’clock. My mother must be angry.
It’s already time to go home.
It’s also scary when the lightning strikes across the sky, but what’s really scary is the sound. Once, my house was struck by lightning and since then I’ve become even more scared.
It’s always a great relief, as religion says, to think about someone unhappier than ourselves.
It’s always been like that.
It’s always been that way.
It’s always cheaper in the end to buy the best.
It’s always darkest before the dawn.
It’s always delightful to see you.
It’s always sunny in Italy.
It’s amazing how a little bit of effort can result in significant progress.
It’s amazing how little time Tom spends with his children.
It’s amazing how loud my classmates are in English class.
It’s amazing how much money Tom spends every week.
It’s amazing how much time it takes Tom to wash his car.
It’s amazing how much trouble Tom is able to get into.
It’s amazing that he won the championship at the age of nineteen.
It’s amazing that so many people cross this street when the light is red.
It’s amazing to be able to hold a glove out and have a falcon land on your hand.
It’s amazing, just like that.
It’s amazing.
It’s an African country, so you may think the climate is very hot.
It’s an American tradition to make a wish on your birthday.
It’s an absolute waste of time to wait any longer.
It’s an advantage to be good looking.
It’s an anime about a normal Japanese schoolboy who married his alien teacher. Things like this happen in Japan.
It’s an answer to her letter.
It’s an area crowded with new houses.
It’s an artificial flower.
It’s an attractive price, for this sort of device.
It’s an average day at work.
It’s an awful shame your wife couldn’t come.
It’s an easy victory.
It’s an embarrassing question.
It’s an escape route.
It’s an esoteric debate.
It’s an excellent wine.
It’s an eyesore.
It’s an hour’s walk to the station.
It’s an idea whose time has come.
It’s an ill wind that blows no good.
It’s an ill wind that blows nobody any good.
It’s an in-joke.
It’s an indescribable mixture of joy and sadness.
It’s an inflation-adjusted figure.
It’s an inside joke.
It’s an interesting piece of news.
It’s an intriguing theory, but I don’t see how it can be tested.
It’s an old piano.
It’s an ugly business, Watson, an ugly, dangerous business, and the more I see of it the less I like it.
It’s an unproductive way to use time.
It’s an unspeakable war.
It’s annoying when people make out at work.
It’s another ball of wax.
It’s anybody’s guess when she’ll come.
It’s anybody’s guess who will win the next race.
It’s apparently a metaphor for something uncatchable, light of body and fleet of foot.
It’s as bad as you can imagine.
It’s as clean as a whistle.
It’s as cold as ice.
It’s as deep as it is wide.
It’s as easy as pie for him.
It’s as easy as pie.
It’s as good as finished.
It’s as hot as toast.
It’s as if he draws all his words from the bottom of a well!
It’s as if we’re lost in separate worlds.
It’s as lovely as a rose.
It’s as smooth as a baby’s bottom.
It’s astonishing, the size of his head.
It’s at that counter.
It’s at the back of the building.
It’s at the corner.
It’s awfully cold this evening.
It’s awfully cold today.
It’s awfully hot today.
It’s bad luck to say that.
It’s bad manners to do that kind of thing during meals.
It’s bad manners to eat on trains and buses in Japan.
It’s bad manners to make a noise when you eat soup.
It’s bad manners to talk during a concert.
It’s baking hot.
It’s balmy today.
It’s beautiful weather, isn’t it?
It’s because I missed my usual train.
It’s because I want to become a translator.
It’s because I want to help sick people.
It’s because I was asked to come that I’m here.
It’s because he lived in the United States for five years.
It’s because of you that I’m a cripple!
It’s because of you that I’m an invalid.
It’s because of you that Tom decided to go home early.
It’s because of you that we were able to complete this job on time.
It’s because of you that we were late.
It’s because you don’t want to be alone.
It’s bedtime.
It’s been 10 days since my boyfriend went to jail.
It’s been 100 years since the 19th Amendment was passed giving women the right to vote in the United States.
It’s been a difficult project, but I think we’ve got there at last.
It’s been a long night.
It’s been a long time coming, but tonight, because of what we did on this day, in this election, at this defining moment, change has come to America.
It’s been a long time coming; but tonight, because of what we did on this day, in this election, at this defining moment, change has come to America.
It’s been a long time since I had such a pleasant surprise.
It’s been a long time since I visited my grandmother.
It’s been a long time since I've ridden a bicycle.
It’s been a long time since he broke-up.
It’s been a long time since she broke-up.
It’s been a long time since you broke up.
It’s been a long time.
It’s been a long while since we had such fine weather.
It’s been a week, but I’m still suffering from jet lag.
It’s been a while since I’ve felt so pampered.
It’s been a while since we last met.
It’s been a while since we’ve seen a movie together.
It’s been about two days since I put the body in the refrigerator.
It’s been ages since I saw you last.
It’s been almost ten years, but you’re as beautiful as ever.
It’s been decided that we’ll have a meeting a week from today.
It’s been drone dropped.
It’s been five years since I came to Tokyo.
It’s been five years since I last saw you.
It’s been hot and humid.
It’s been hot this month, but today’s an exception.
It’s been hundreds of years since just one person could grasp the whole of scientific knowledge.
It’s been just over a week since the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) announced its plan to redesign the country’s highest paper denominations—the 200-, 500- and 1,000-naira notes.
It’s been like this since the dawn of time.
It’s been more than a year since Tom has visited Boston.
It’s been nice meeting you.
It’s been nice talking to you, but I really must go now.
It’s been overcast for the past few days.
It’s been pouring here for the last few days.
It’s been pretty much the same over here.
It’s been quite ages since we last met.
It’s been raining all the time recently.
It’s been raining for around a week.
It’s been raining heavily since this morning, so I don’t want to go anywhere.
It’s been raining non-stop for three days.
It’s been raining since early morning.
It’s been raining since last night.
It’s been raining since morning.
It’s been reported that some men had killed and eaten some animals that were in the local zoo.
It’s been reported to the site administrators via email and should be fixed shortly.
It’s been snowing all night.
It’s been so long since we’ve met, let’s have a drink or two and talk about the good old days.
It’s been ten years since I came to this town.
It’s been ten years since my father died.
It’s been ten years since we last met.
It’s been thirty years since we got married.
It’s been three months since I met her.
It’s been three years since Tom has been to visit us.
It’s been three years since Tom left Boston.
It’s been three years since Tom started working for Mary.
It’s been two years since I saw him last.
It’s beginning to get absorbed!
It’s beginning to rain. Please share my umbrella.
It’s beginning to take form!
It’s behind schedule.
It’s being manipulated by investors trying to make it rich.
It’s believed purple nut sedge may have the ability to inhibit the growth of Streptococcus mutans.
It’s below her to say such a thing.
It’s best to drink in moderation.
It’s best to go to the dentist at regular intervals.
It’s best to have one of the locals show you around.
It’s best to make international calls person to person.
It’s best to put covers on paperbacks.
It’s best to slice into a rich cake from the middle.
It’s best to steer clear of him.
It’s best to wear a cap on your head during the cold Moscow winters.
It’s better as it is.
It’s better for me to have a fish than a bird.
It’s better for you not to see my grandpa.
It’s better for you to keep out of private affairs.
It’s better if I drove you all the way home.
It’s better not to prattle on about meaningless things. The more you open your mouth the more likely you are to put your foot in it.
It’s better not to say anything about her to him.
It’s better than drinking cola, though it’s not as good as drinking champagne.
It’s better than it was before.
It’s better to carry plastic chopsticks and wash them than to use disposable chopsticks to throw away.
It’s better to chill white wine before you serve it.
It’s better to drink in moderation.
It’s better to err on the side of caution.
It’s better to give than to receive.
It’s better to go senile while you’re still young. It’ll save you the trouble of having to do it later.
It’s better to ignore his eccentricities.
It’s better to keep my distance.
It’s better to stay in her mother’s good graces.
It’s better to take one’s time than to hurry and make mistakes.
It’s better to take things in stride than to stress out over every little detail.
It’s better to take your time at this job than to hurry and make mistakes.
It’s better to take your time than to hurry and make mistakes.
It’s better to use plastic chopsticks and wash them than to use disposable chopsticks.
It’s better.
It’s beyond me.
It’s beyond my comprehension.
It’s big for a house.
It’s big!
It’s bigger than any other dog in this town.
It’s bitter cold.
It’s blatantly obvious.
It’s blowing hard.
It’s blowing very hard.
It’s bogus.
It’s boiling in here.
It’s boring to stay at home.
It’s boring to wait for a train.
It’s both challenging and freeing to be different.
It’s bound to rain.
It’s brand new.
It’s business.
It’s by no means easy to master a foreign language.
It’s by no means impossible to earn one million yen a month.
It’s by smithing that one becomes a blacksmith.
It’s called football, not soccer.
It’s calling on the African Union to take urgent measures to stop “a growing and insidious contagion.”
It’s certainly a thrill.
It’s certainly a waste of time.
It’s chaotic.
It’s characteristic of him to be late.
It’s characteristic of him to behave like that.
It’s chilly.
It’s clear from his actions that he loves her.
It’s clear that he doesn’t want to talk to me.
It’s clear that he stole money from the safe.
It’s clear that he’s rich.
It’s clear that our arguments don’t overlap at all.
It’s clear that there’s a rather strong disagreement between the two.
It’s clear that you’re wrong.
It’s close to ten o’clock. It’s about time we went to bed.
It’s cloudier today than yesterday.
It’s cloudy today.
It’s cloudy.
It’s cold and winter is beautiful.
It’s cold so you should wear a coat.
It’s cold there even in the summer.
It’s cold today so button your coat.
It’s cold today!
It’s cold today.
It’s cold.
It’s cold. It was foolish of you not to bring your coat.
It’s colder in Dallas than it is here! What is this world coming to?
It’s coming up for Christmas.
It’s coming up to Christmas here and all the shops are like "Buy! Buy! Buy!"
It’s common knowledge that the earth turns on its axis.
It’s completely illogical. It wasn’t as if I was shouting outside while drunk.
It’s completely impossible to foretell his reaction.
It’s completely visible.
It’s complicated as hell.
It’s confusing to know what went wrong when everything seemed perfect at first.
It’s considered to be an important matter.
It’s convenient for me to see you at ten tonight.
It’s convenient living so close to the station.
It’s cool this morning, innit?
It’s cool this morning, isn’t it?
It’s cool today for July.
It’s cool today.
It’s costing me a lot to spend the holidays.
It’s crazy to think he hasn’t started dating anyone.
It’s crucial to show respect to one another.
It’s dangerous for a beginner to swim here.
It’s dangerous for you to cross the street when the light is red.
It’s dangerous to climb a mountain in bad weather.
It’s dangerous to climb this mountain.
It’s dangerous to dive in shallow water.
It’s dangerous to drive faster than the speed limit.
It’s dangerous to expose babies to strong sunlight.
It’s dangerous to fool around with electricity.
It’s dangerous to ignore the signal at a railroad crossing.
It’s dangerous to jump off a moving train.
It’s dangerous to live near a volcano.
It’s dangerous to play around the fire.
It’s dangerous to play with fire.
It’s dangerous to swim in this lake.
It’s dangerous to swim in this river.
It’s dangerous to talk on the phone and drive at the same time.
It’s dangerous to tell Chris your secrets because he tells everybody.
It’s dangerous to walk on railway lines.
It’s dangerous!
It’s dark in here. Do you have a flashlight?
It’s dark outside.
It’s dark, so watch your step.
It’s dead, whatever it was.
It’s delicious!
It’s difficult bringing up a child who is not your own.
It’s difficult choosing between what’s right and what’s wrong, but you have to choose.
It’s difficult choosing between what’s right and what’s wrong, but you have to make the choice.
It’s difficult for me to solve this problem.
It’s difficult for our income to keep up with inflation.
It’s difficult for returnees to blend in with that class.
It’s difficult to accept that you betrayed my trust.
It’s difficult to answer this question.
It’s difficult to balance a ball on your nose.
It’s difficult to breathe when humidity is high.
It’s difficult to evaluate his ability.
It’s difficult to feel at home in a foreign language.
It’s difficult to get the car going on cold mornings.
It’s difficult to give an objective definition of terrorism, as it is practically different in every country.
It’s difficult to have great ideas.
It’s difficult to help people that don’t want your help.
It’s difficult to help people when they don’t want your help.
It’s difficult to help people who can’t admit they need help.
It’s difficult to help people who don’t believe they need help.
It’s difficult to keep order in this town.
It’s difficult to learn a foreign language.
It’s difficult to live in this city.
It’s difficult to make up for lost time.
It’s difficult to read kanji.
It’s difficult to speak English well.
It’s difficult to standardize language for a multi-ethnic nation.
It’s difficult to teach people what they’re unwilling to learn.
It’s difficult to tell those two twins apart because they look so much alike.
It’s difficult to tell which is which for burnable and non-burnable rubbish as well, isn’t it?
It’s difficult to visualize four dimensions.
It’s dinner time, so I better sign out.
It’s disgusting that you’re sleeping in the movie theatre even though you came to see a movie!
It’s double Dutch to me.
It’s doubtful if we’ll finish in time for Christmas.
It’s down that street, on the left.
It’s driving me crazy.
It’s drizzling out in the garden.
It’s dry as dust.
It’s duck soup for a girl of easy virtue to find a new man.
It’s early on a Saturday afternoon and nearly 400 weekend warriors have gathered to do battle on the grounds of a state park just outside Nashville, Tennessee. But they do not carry wooden or steel copies of medieval weapons. They take the field armed with arrows, swords and shields made from foam.
It’s early.
It’s easier for me to have a job than to do housework.
It’s easier said than done.
It’s easier to ask for forgiveness than to get permission.
It’s easier to have fun than to work.
It’s easier to learn a new language when you are young.
It’s easier to lose a village than get a home.
It’s easier to make plans than to carry them out.
It’s easier to teach children than adults.
It’s easier to teach children than to teach adults.
It’s easier to write comedy on weekend mornings.
It’s easy for him to compose a good poem.
It’s easy for that man to compose a good poem.
It’s easy to catch a cold.
It’s easy to cut cheese with a knife.
It’s easy to err once you lose your cool.
It’s easy to fall into bad habits.
It’s easy to get into debt quickly with charge cards.
It’s easy to lose track of time when you are in Las Vegas.
It’s easy to make and it’s cheap.
It’s easy to make friends, but hard to get rid of them.
It’s easy to pick up bad habits.
It’s easy to see the fireworks from over there.
It’s easy to talk behind someone’s back.
It’s easy, maybe even feasible.
It’s easy.
It’s eight a.m. right now.
It’s eight miles from here to London.
It’s eight o’clock at night.
It’s eight o’clock in the morning.
It’s eleven and he’s not coming.
It’s embarrassing to be seen without make-up so please don’t stare.
It’s enough for five days.
It’s entirely up to you which one you may choose.
It’s entirely up to you.
It’s essential for the papers to be ready today.
It’s essential that everyone obeys the rules.
It’s essential that you eat more vegetables.
It’s essential that you understand the situation.
It’s estimated that just 10 to 12 percent of the human population is left-handed. Across cultures and over the years, left-handed people have been described as sinister, evil, crooked and the like. But in modern, more tolerant societies, the lefty seems to thrive. A University of London scholar even wrote that left-handed people produce an above-average quota of high achievers. What does it mean to be a lefty today?
It’s estimated that only five percent of the world’s population speak English as a first language.
It’s even chances that he will get well.
It’s even pleasant to be sick when you know that there are people who await your recovery as they might await a holiday.
It’s even very cold in May.
It’s everything but that.
It’s evident that human behaviour is more dangerous for the environment than radiation.
It’s evident that you told a lie.
It’s evident to everybody that he’s in love.
It’s exactly as you say it is.
It’s exactly half-past eight.
It’s exactly the opposite which is true: there is nothing after death, except eternity on earth.
It’s exactly what I wanted.
It’s exciting to watch her run after a cockroach.
It’s exhausting to constantly deal with your jealousy.
It’s expensive though.
It’s expensive, isn’t it?
It’s fair if they get equal pay for the same job.
It’s fair today, so we can work all day.
It’s fairly warm today.
It’s fall now.
It’s familiar to me.
It’s far from winning the first prize.
It’s faster to reserve a taxi.
It’s fate.
It’s fifteen minutes on foot.
It’s fifteen minutes’ walk from here to the campus.
It’s fifty kilometers to Paris.
It’s finally Friday.
It’s finally over.
It’s finally time to get my revenge.
It’s fine by me.
It’s fine day and I feel like going fishing.
It’s fine just the two of us. We don’t need anyone else.
It’s fine this morning and I feel like a walk.
It’s fine to make grandiose plans, but I’d like you to start with what you have on your plate.
It’s fine to set up a web page, just be sure you don’t infringe anybody’s copyright.
It’s fine today.
It’s fine with me.
It’s fine, there’s no need to feel uncomfortable!
It’s five and you’re still not in bed! You just came back from the bar, didn’t you?
It’s five in the evening.
It’s five o’ clock. If you quickly post your letter, it still might make it in time.
It’s five o’clock somewhere now.
It’s folly to eat so much.
It’s foolish for you to swim when it’s this cold.
It’s foolish taking a taxi when you can easily walk to the station.
It’s foolish to think that smoking has little to do with cancer.
It’s for a friend of mine.
It’s for free.
It’s for my family.
It’s for my personal use.
It’s for you that I have come.
It’s for you to decide.
It’s foul of you to have concealed it.
It’s four against you. You’ll be beaten up.
It’s four o’clock by my watch.
It’s free for European Union citizens.
It’s free of charge.
It’s free.
It’s freezing in this room, Cindy. I can’t put up with this cold.
It’s freezing out there!
It’s freezing.
It’s frosty outside.
It’s frozen hard.
It’s fruit fresh from the tree.
It’s fruitless to press him further.
It’s frustrating for his family to see him idle.
It’s fucking hot.
It’s fun to build a snowman in winter.
It’s fun to follow the path through the woods.
It’s fun to go for a walk in the woods.
It’s fun to knead dough.
It’s fun to learn a foreign language.
It’s fun to learn about foreign cultures.
It’s fun to learn slang words in foreign languages.
It’s fun to play tennis.
It’s fun to play, too.
It’s fun to ride a motorcycle.
It’s fun to speak in English.
It’s fun to take a trip in an automobile.
It’s fun to travel.
It’s fun to visit old friends.
It’s fun to watch TV.
It’s fun to watch nerdy cartoon characters from the 90s brag about how many megabytes of RAM they have, which is usually somewhere around 8.
It’s fun to watch the race.
It’s funny how Esperanto activists still engage in VolapÃ¼k bashing even though Esperanto has outperformed VolapÃ¼k to near-extinction over the course of a hundred years.
It’s funny how German can take a verb, cut it in half, and spread it over a five-clause sentence.
It’s funny how things turned out.
It’s funny you should say that.
It’s geared pretty much towards real fighting isn’t it? Apart from the eyes, crotch, and attacks against fallen opponents just about anything goes ...
It’s getting cloudy.
It’s getting cloudy. It may rain soon.
It’s getting colder and colder.
It’s getting cooler day by day.
It’s getting cooler, particularly in the mornings and evenings.
It’s getting dark early around here. The sun seems to drop like a rock when autumn rolls around.
It’s getting dark little by little outside.
It’s getting dark. Come back inside.
It’s getting dark. Please turn the light on for me.
It’s getting dark. You’d better go home.
It’s getting darker and darker.
It’s getting darker little by little.
It’s getting darker outside now.
It’s getting easier to find audio files by native speakers for almost any language you might want to study.
It’s getting late, so we’d better get going.
It’s getting late.
It’s getting late. I don’t wanna go home alone.
It’s getting late. I gotta go.
It’s getting late. If you don’t hurry up, I will leave without you.
It’s getting late. Let’s turn in.
It’s getting light. Morning is coming.
It’s getting more and more shadowy, soon it will be twilight.
It’s getting on my nerves.
It’s getting quite springlike.
It’s getting there.
It’s getting very late.
It’s getting warmer and warmer.
It’s getting warmer day by day.
It’s going nicely!
It’s going to be an unforgettable evening!
It’s going to be another hot day.
It’s going to be difficult to remove this stain.
It’s going to be six dollars because it’s international.
It’s going to be violent weather!
It’s going to clear up soon.
It’s going to clear up.
It’s going to get steadily hotter from now.
It’s going to rain soon.
It’s going to rain soon. Look at those black clouds.
It’s going to rain this evening.
It’s going to rain, for sure.
It’s going to rain.
It’s going to rain. Look at those dark clouds.
It’s going to take crackerjack timing, but if we can work the play, we’ll win the game.
It’s gonna get busy!
It’s good exercise to climb hills.
It’s good for health.
It’s good for us to eat vegetables every day.
It’s good for your health to get up early in the morning.
It’s good for your health to walk every day.
It’s good if you can sing.
It’s good now; neither too heavy nor too light.
It’s good that Tom did it.
It’s good to be able to concentrate single-mindedly on one’s work. But one becomes completely forgetful of the people around oneself.
It’s good to be able to concentrate single-mindedly on your work, but you’re completely ignoring the people around you.
It’s good to be home.
It’s good to get up early in the morning.
It’s good to go!
It’s good to have the food cooked in front of you.
It’s good to hear that you can work in Japan.
It’s good to put yourself in someone else’s place now and then.
It’s good to see you.
It’s good to talk things over before you buy something.
It’s good. You should try it.
It’s got cold.
It’s gotten better.
It’s great fun for us to be with her.
It’s great that you got the promotion.
It’s great to have a family.
It’s great to have you back.
It’s great to meet you.
It’s great! You’ll laugh for sure.
It’s hailing.
It’s half past eight.
It’s hard for an old man to change his way of living.
It’s hard for him to live on his small pension.
It’s hard for me to live on my small income.
It’s hard for my father to give up drinking.
It’s hard for nurses to be objective about their patients.
It’s hard to admit that you’re a failure.
It’s hard to admit to yourself that you are a failure.
It’s hard to admit, but I no longer feel the same way about you.
It’s hard to be around someone so arrogant.
It’s hard to believe it was so clear and sunny up to just now.
It’s hard to believe that Tom could murder someone.
It’s hard to believe that it has been clear and sunny until now.
It’s hard to catch him off guard.
It’s hard to catch words in the Osakan dialect.
It’s hard to change a bad habit.
It’s hard to complain against such good people.
It’s hard to distinguish an aebleskiver pan from a takoyaki pan.
It’s hard to fall asleep on stormy summer nights.
It’s hard to forget instantly a long love story.
It’s hard to get a taxi outside the station.
It’s hard to get to by bike because it’s far away.
It’s hard to handle crying babies.
It’s hard to imagine a life without pets.
It’s hard to imagine you ever feeling the need to apologize.
It’s hard to learn a foreign language.
It’s hard to let go of the hurt caused by others.
It’s hard to live with the knowledge that you are a failure.
It’s hard to love somebody when you don’t know whether they love you as much as you love them.
It’s hard to love someone when one doesn’t know whether one is loved as much as one loves.
It’s hard to love two when you don’t know whether the two love you as much as you love both.
It’s hard to love when one doesn’t know whether one is loved as much as one loves.
It’s hard to master English.
It’s hard to miss Tati. The faded Haussmanian building with its blue-and-pink checkered sign soars above the Barbès-Rochechouart metro station.
It’s hard to please Lukas.
It’s hard to please him.
It’s hard to predict what the weather will be like tomorrow.
It’s hard to put plan into concrete shape.
It’s hard to quit smoking.
It’s hard to resist temptation.
It’s hard to say for sure.
It’s hard to say goodbye to the memories, but I know it’s necessary.
It’s hard to say what the weather will be like tomorrow.
It’s hard to see a future when we’re stuck here.
It’s hard to shake the smoking habit.
It’s hard to speak English well.
It’s hard to speak three languages.
It’s hard to swat a fly with your bare hand.
It’s hard to tell Englishmen from Americans just by the way they look.
It’s hard to tell if that’s the sound of children laughing or screaming.
It’s hard to understand the Osaka dialect.
It’s hardly worthwhile worrying about him.
It’s healthy to be crazy.
It’s healthy to be mad.
It’s healthy to breathe deeply.
It’s heart-warming to see that happy old couple.
It’s heartbreaking.
It’s heavy, but I can manage it.
It’s her father’s diligence that allowed him to become such a renowned musician.
It’s her fifth birthday tomorrow.
It’s her way of laughing at herself that I find nice.
It’s high time I change my glasses!
It’s high time for bed.
It’s high time the children went to bed.
It’s high time to get going!
It’s high time to go. See you later.
It’s high time we made a decision!
It’s high time you children went to bed.
It’s high time you got going.
It’s high time you got married and settled down.
It’s high time you had a haircut.
It’s high time you had your hair cut; it has grown too long.
It’s high time you left for school, isn’t it?
It’s high time you stopped wasting your money.
It’s high time you went to bed, Ken.
It’s high time you were in bed.
It’s highly unlikely that our taxes will be lowered.
It’s hip to sip a latte with friends while dissing Trump.
It’s his first name.
It’s his greatest fault to be too generous.
It’s his job to pull the weeds in the garden.
It’s his, innit?
It’s his, isn’t it?
It’s horrible to get caught in rush hour traffic.
It’s hot as hell!
It’s hot in Kyoto in the summer.
It’s hot in here.
It’s hot today, isn’t it?
It’s hot today, so we can take a swim in the sea.
It’s hot today.
It’s hot, so you’d better head back quickly. Mackerel goes off so fast that they coined ’fresh-looking rotten fish’.
It’s hot.
It’s ideal weather for a picnic.
It’s illegal to park your car here.
It’s illegal to waste water here.
It’s impolite to stare at people.
It’s important for them to go out.
It’s important for today’s young people to study English.
It’s important for us to be thoughtful of others.
It’s important for us to think about the future of the world.
It’s important for us to understand each other.
It’s important for young people to study English.
It’s important that everybody should be told all the facts.
It’s important to complete your ballot.
It’s important to cover your ears with ear muffs in a job like that.
It’s important to follow a strict diet.
It’s important to help people who are in trouble.
It’s important to keep that area clean to avoid itching.
It’s important to know foreign languages.
It’s important to maintain personal hygiene.
It’s important to nourish your children with good food.
It’s important to promote healthy habits.
It’s important to pursue your passion but at the end of the day, you still have to make a living.
It’s important to read many books in one’s life.
It’s important to take good care of your teeth so you’ll be able to eat properly when you get older.
It’s important to unite as many workers as possible.
It’s impossible for me to believe what you are saying.
It’s impossible for me to explain it to you.
It’s impossible for the bird to escape from the trap.
It’s impossible for us to visualise four-dimensional objects.
It’s impossible not to be fascinated by her beauty.
It’s impossible not to be fascinated by his beauty.
It’s impossible not to stand out like a sore thumb when you’re seven feet tall.
It’s impossible that he forgot our meeting.
It’s impossible that she knew about it.
It’s impossible to do the sights of Tokyo in a day or two.
It’s impossible to get there by noon.
It’s impossible to go out now.
It’s impossible to learn English in a month.
It’s impossible to learn English in a short time.
It’s impossible to make a generalization with such poorly obtained data.
It’s impossible to predict earthquakes.
It’s impossible to relate them.
It’s impossible to release his foot from the trap.
It’s impossible to take on more work at the moment.
It’s impossible to work in a room this dim.
It’s impossible.
It’s impressive that he’s popular with just a bit part!
It’s improved.
It’s in Derry that I bought a car yesterday.
It’s in a small room at the end of garden.
It’s in front of a restaurant on 42nd street.
It’s in good hands.
It’s in my jacket pocket.
It’s in peak condition.
It’s in pencil so you can rub it out if you need to.
It’s in plain sight.
It’s in the air that they may get married.
It’s in the cards for her to buy a car soon.
It’s in the internet, so it must be true.
It’s in the overhead compartment.
It’s in the well.
It’s in your interest to go.
It’s incredible that you could write such a well-designed program after just picking up programming by imitation.
It’s incredible!
It’s incredible.
It’s insanely hot today.
It’s inspiring to see two people so in love choose to marry.
It’s interesting that you speak French. I also speak it.
It’s interesting to think about what the world would be like if it were ruled by women.
It’s interesting.
It’s invigorating to breathe the brisk, fresh mountain air.
It’s is so difficult that I have decided to give up trying.
It’s junk. Throw it away.
It’s just Gabriel.
It’s just a cold.
It’s just a dream.
It’s just a little further.
It’s just a matter of time before Tom gets into trouble again.
It’s just a shot away.
It’s just a stalking horse for raising taxes.
It’s just a trick of the wind.
It’s just across the street from the church.
It’s just another story.
It’s just around the corner.
It’s just between you and me, but Kazuo’s wife is pregnant.
It’s just down the street on your left.
It’s just five in the morning, but nevertheless it is light out.
It’s just hair; let it be, please.
It’s just if we have it every day we’re bound to get fed up with it. I must increase the variety of my cooking.
It’s just in Gunter’s head.
It’s just like a human. Even the hands of the robot are warm.
It’s just like a nightmare.
It’s just like rats leaving a sinking ship.
It’s just like walking on the moon.
It’s just like you say.
It’s just not working out.
It’s just possible that he’ll eventually recover the use of his legs.
It’s just ten degrees, and he is walking around outside in a T-shirt. I get cold from just looking at him.
It’s just that I admire you.
It’s just that easy.
It’s just throwing money away to have a yacht you rarely use.
It’s just time for children to go to bed.
It’s just too good to pass up.
It’s just two miles to the town.
It’s just what I wanted.
It’s just what the doctor ordered.
It’s just your imagination.
It’s karma.
It’s kind of a good luck charm.
It’s kind of a slog at times.
It’s kind of difficult to see in the dark, isn’t it?
It’s kind of you to drive me home.
It’s kind of you to say so.
It’s late already. Hurry up!
It’s late.
It’s late. I have to go.
It’s later than you think.
It’s legal for citizens to carry guns in many states.
It’s like a dream come true.
It’s like a vendetta now.
It’s like a weight has been lifted from my shoulders.
It’s like a whirlwind inside my mind.
It’s like him to behave that way.
It’s like pulling teeth to ask the government to change their policy.
It’s like saying that someone is addicted to “transport”, “art” or “politics”.
It’s like summer outside.
It’s like the lobster pot analogy, easy to get into, hard to get out of.
It’s like they’re experts in creating drama.
It’s like throwing a penny in a well.
It’s like water on the duck’s back.
It’s like you have a talent for mistakes.
It’s likely that she’ll succeed.
It’s likely the Diet will be dissolved.
It’s likely to get cold tonight, so you may need an extra blanket.
It’s likely to snow this evening.
It’s lonely in the saddle since the horse died.
It’s loud and exciting, but not all that efficient.
It’s love-it-or-hate-it stuff.
It’s lovely weather today.
It’s ludicrous to continue business operations while selling off bit by bit the land on which your business depends.
It’s lunch time.
It’s made of fine cotton.
It’s magnificent.
It’s making a great stir.
It’s making progress!
It’s marvelous how quickly the medicine relieved my pain.
It’s me that went there yesterday.
It’s me.
It’s mean of you to talk that way.
It’s merely a joke.
It’s mid-rush hour, culinarily speaking, at Sapristi restaurant outside Paris.
It’s midnight already.
It’s midnight.
It’s mine, not hers.
It’s mine, not his.
It’s mine, not its.
It’s money down the drain.
It’s more comfortable here inside.
It’s more difficult than you think.
It’s more economical to go by bus instead of taking a taxi.
It’s more interesting to travel alone than to go on a group tour.
It’s more polite to say thin than skinny.
It’s much cheaper to live on grains and vegetables you can grow in your garden.
It’s much less usual for a person to be politically aware than to be politically active.
It’s much more convenient.
It’s much too cold to swim.
It’s much too pompous for such a trivial thing.
It’s my CD, isn’t it?
It’s my CD.
It’s my bad.
It’s my belief that knowledge is power.
It’s my book.
It’s my brother’s.
It’s my business to investigate such things.
It’s my chance, I’ll make it count.
It’s my custom to go for a walk before breakfast.
It’s my dream to win a Nobel Prize.
It’s my duty to help you.
It’s my fault that the cake was burned. I was talking on the phone and didn’t notice the time.
It’s my fault, not yours.
It’s my fault.
It’s my favorite food.
It’s my favorite song.
It’s my favourite among articles on Japan.
It’s my favourite hobby.
It’s my habit to read on the toilet.
It’s my job to take care of the baby.
It’s my job.
It’s my mother’s wonderful attitude about life that has helped sustain my equilibrium during this time.
It’s my pleasure to come to UTE-HCM.
It’s my pleasure to come to VNU.
It’s my pleasure to come to your university.
It’s my pleasure.
It’s my policy to break it off with men who ask for money.
It’s my special recipe, rabbit stew.
It’s my treat.
It’s my turn to drive next.
It’s my view that guns should be banned.
It’s my younger brother’s.
It’s naive of you to believe that.
It’s natural for him to get angry.
It’s natural for him to get mad.
It’s natural for you to think so.
It’s natural that Yoko should say a thing like that.
It’s natural that he should have succeeded.
It’s natural that she should get angry.
It’s natural to be nervous when the plane takes off.
It’s nearly lunchtime. Why don’t we stop to have a bite to eat?
It’s nearly noon and he’s still in bed.
It’s nearly six o’clock.
It’s nearly three o’clock.
It’s necessary for us to sleep well.
It’s necessary for you to go.
It’s necessary for you to make the best use of your time.
It’s necessary to avoid stress.
It’s necessary to be three people to enjoy a good story: One to tell it right, one to relish it and one to not understand it. For the pleasure of the first two is doubled by the lack of understanding of the third.
It’s necessary to discuss the problem without delay.
It’s necessary to go through customs on arriving.
It’s necessary to make his language like other people’s.
It’s necessary to take correct measurements when you are tailoring a suit.
It’s neither good nor bad.
It’s never easy to tell whether he’s being serious or not.
It’s never too early to blow our own horns, just don’t let it go to your head.
It’s never too late to learn.
It’s never too late to make amends.
It’s new.
It’s news to me.
It’s next to impossible to finish it in a day.
It’s next to that building.
It’s next to the shopping mall.
It’s nice and cool.
