I promised you never to smoke again.
I promised you that I'd arrive on time.
I promised you that I'd do that, didn't I?
I promised you that I'd help you, didn't I?
I promised you that we would be together forever.
I promised you'd never need to do that, didn't I?
I promised you, remember?
I promised your father I'd look after you.
I promised your father that I'd look after you.
I promised your father to take care of you.
I promised your mother I'd look after you.
I promised your mother that I'd look after you.
I promised your parents that I'd take care of you.
I promised.
I promoted Tom.
I promoted her.
I promoted him.
I promoted them.
I pronounce this a perfect dinner.
I pronounce you husband and wife.
I pronounced his name wrong on purpose to annoy him.
I proper hate dreams sometimes. I had a dream where I came across the pretty chick I fancy in reality, but she had a boyfriend in my dream, and they were like the most cutesy and giggly couple ever. And I'm like... "Fuck it, dream! Really?"
I propose a postponement.
I propose a short rest.
I propose a toast.
I propose replacing "Tom and Mary" with "Pancras and Petunia."
I propose that something should be done.
I propose that this item be deleted two weeks from now, or sooner if Tom does the deleting.
I propose that we should have another meeting.
I propose to investigate the vegetation of the island in great detail.
I propose we do something about that right away.
I propose we go to a restaurant today.
I proposed a vote of censure on the government.
I proposed a way that wasn't so stupid.
I proposed another project to the committee.
I proposed firing Tom.
I proposed solutions.
I proposed that a doctor be sent for.
I proposed that she come with me.
I proposed the plan to my classmates, some of whom were against it.
I proposed to Helen that we have a tea party.
I proposed to Mary, but she turned me down.
I proposed to Mary.
I proposed to her.
I prostitute myself to feed my children.
I protect my data by saving important files on an external hard drive.
I protected Skura.
I protected Tom.
I protest against this stupid reform!
I protest!
I protest.
I protested.
I proudly grant you this.
I proved her wrong.
I proved him wrong.
I proved it to be true.
I proved the fact on the strength of the data.
I proved them wrong.
I provide escorts.
I provide for the needs of my family.
I provide guidance in darkness.
I provide guidance through light.
I provide help to the poor.
I provided Tom with all the documents that he requested.
I provided Tom with everything he needed.
I provided Tom with everything that he had needed.
I provided Tom with everything that he needed.
I provided him with a fictitious name.
I provided him with food.
I provided them with what they needed.
I provoked Tom.
I provoked him.
I pruned one.
I pruned the tree.
I published my little book in 2001.
I published one.
I puke on you.
I puked.
I pull off my boot.
I pulled Tom out from under the desk.
I pulled Tom out of his car.
I pulled Tom's finger, and the lightbulb he was holding in the other hand lit up.
I pulled a face.
I pulled a huge hair clog out of the bathroom sink drain.
I pulled a muscle in my back, so work today is going to be a painful experience.
I pulled a muscle in my right leg while lifting weights.
I pulled a muscle.
I pulled a rope and a whole mountain collapsed.
I pulled a triceps.
I pulled an all-nighter preparing for the exam.
I pulled as hard as I could.
I pulled back the curtain and looked outside.
I pulled her by the sleeve, but she went on talking unconcernedly.
I pulled him out from under the desk.
I pulled his pyjamas from under the pillow.
I pulled into my driveway.
I pulled into the gas station for gas.
I pulled into the lot.
I pulled my car to the left side of the road.
I pulled my hand back.
I pulled my head away from his chest in search of his face.
I pulled my phone out and called Tom.
I pulled my punches a little.
I pulled myself to my feet.
I pulled myself together and started my work.
I pulled myself together.
I pulled off of the road.
I pulled off the road.
I pulled one.
I pulled out my gun and began shooting.
I pulled out my gun and fired.
I pulled out my knitting needles.
I pulled out the potatoes.
I pulled over on the side of the road and got out.
I pulled over.
I pulled some strings.
I pulled the car over to the side of the road.
I pulled the curtains around the bed for privacy.
I pulled the door open.
I pulled the door shut.
I pulled the doors shut.
I pulled the duvet over my head and turned towards the wall.
I pulled the fire alarm.
I pulled the key out of the ignition.
I pulled the lever.
I pulled the money from my pocket.
I pulled the rope.
I pulled the sheets up.
I pulled the trigger again and again.
I pulled the trigger.
I pulled through.
I pulled to a gas station.
I pulled up the potatoes.
I pulled up to Rima's house.
I pulled up to the house.
I pulverise a plant.
I pumped five gallons of gas into my car.
I pumped my tires up.
I pumped my tyres up.
I pumped up my tires.
I pumped up my tyres.
I pumped up the tire.
I punched Tom in the chin.
I punched Tom in the face.
I punched Tom's nose and it started bleeding.
I punched Tom.
I punched her.
I punched him hard in the face.
I punched him in the arm.
I punched him in the chin.
I punched him in the face.
I punched him in the stomach after he spat in my face.
I punched him.
I punched his jaw.
I punched in the code to open the door.
I punched two triangular holes in the tin.
I punctured a tire.
I punctured my eardrum with a cotton bud.
I punished Tom.
I punished her.
I punished him.
I punished my son.
I punished them.
I purchased Tom's new novel.
I purchased a house in Kabylie, Algeria.
I purchased a house.
I purchased a new car last week.
I purchased a new car last year.
I purchased a piece of land in Kabylie, Algeria.
I purchased a shotgun.
I purchased a telescope and a book on astronomy.
I purchased an electric bicycle.
I purchased four packages of ramen noodles for one dollar.
I purchased medicine.
I purchased new tires.
I purchased one bag.
I purchased one.
I purchased the goods for half price.
I purposely didn't do that.
I push hard at work.
I pushed Mary into the water.
I pushed Tom away.
I pushed Tom back into his room.
I pushed Tom into the water.
I pushed Tom's warning to the side and got straight into action.
I pushed Tom.
I pushed him away and slapped his face.
I pushed him for a decision, but he constantly prevaricated.
I pushed him out the window.
I pushed him.
I pushed my bicycle home.
I pushed my way into the elevator.
I pushed on the window.
I pushed one.
I pushed the button to turn on the radio.
I pushed the button.
I pushed the door open.
I pushed the door, but it remained closed.
I pushed the snow away with my hands. It took a long time.
I pushed the table out of the way.
I pushed the wrong button.
I put Milton after Dante.
I put Paul's name forward as a possible candidate.
I put Paul’s name forward as a possible candidate.
I put Sami in his place.
I put Tom down as a reference.
I put Tom in his place.
I put Tom on hold.
I put Tom on the list.
I put Tom on the train.
I put Tom to bed.
I put Tom's name on the list.
I put a bait on a hook.
I put a blanket over Tom.
I put a brick on top of the rubbish bin so the wind wouldn't tear it open.
I put a clean towel in the bathroom for you.
I put a cleat in his mouth.
I put a cleat to him.
I put a couple of slices of bread in the toaster.
I put a cup of hot tea on your desk.
I put a few blueberries in your tea.
I put a glaze on it.
I put a jacket on because it was quite cold this morning.
I put a knife on the table.
I put a little food on the table.
I put a lot of milk in my coffee.
I put a lot of time into it.
I put a memo on my calendar.
I put a new handle on the door.
I put a new handle to the door.
I put a pat of butter on my toast...then another...then one more for good measure.
I put a piece of paper around the box and tied it up with a ribbon.
I put a plate out for Tom.
I put a question mark at the end of the sentence.
I put a red mark on the calendar for my birthday.
I put a spoonful of sugar in the tea.
I put a stone at the edge of the sheet so that it won't get blown away by the wind.
I put a sweater on because I was cold.
I put all Tom's stuff in boxes and put the boxes in the garage.
I put all my belongings in a plastic bag.
I put all my genius into my life; I put only my talent into my works.
I put all my money on a horse that lost.
I put all of my energy into my work.
I put all of the sheets to dry on the pole.
I put an advertisement for the new publications in the newspaper.
I put an advertisement in the newspaper saying my house was for sale.
I put an order in, but the computer didn't recognize it.
I put an underline under the word "Alice" to put an emphasis on it.
I put apple slices into some of the doughnuts before I deep-fried them.
I put aside the book I was reading.
I put away 10 dollars each month.
I put away my clothes.
I put away my phone.
I put away the report card in the drawer for fear that Mother should see it.
I put bait on the hook.
I put bandages on my hurt knee.
I put boots on.
I put both of my arms around her.
I put clean sheets on my bed.
I put cream in my coffee.
I put down a rug under my desk.
I put down his address on paper.
I put down my knife.
I put down my pen.
I put down my suitcase.
I put down on paper how I felt about him.
I put down what I thought was useful to young men.
I put earplugs in my ears whenever I play with my band at that club.
I put forth a lot of effort.
I put gas in the car.
I put great value on your knowledge about it.
I put handcuffs on him.
I put her down as a reference.
I put her suitcase on the table.
I put him down as a reference.
I put him in a difficult situation.
I put him in trouble.
I put him out of my mind.
I put honey on my peanut butter sandwich instead of jam.
I put in a good word for my friend at today's meeting.
I put in a good word for my friend at today’s meeting.
I put in an appearance.
I put in an hour of jogging before I go to school.
I put in earplugs.
I put in eye drops but my eyes kept burning.
I put in for a transfer.
I put in for more overtime.
I put in too much water.
I put it back in its place.
I put it back where it belonged.
I put it back.
I put it here somewhere.
I put it here to hide it from the cats.
I put it in a box.
I put it in a cardboard box.
I put it in my head to go there by myself.
I put it in the attic.
I put it in the box.
I put it in the drawer.
I put it in your room.
I put it on the side of the chair.
I put it on the table, all the time.
I put it on the table.
I put it on your bed.
I put it on your desk.
I put it on.
I put it somewhere but I don't know where.
I put it there.
I put it, and you take it.
I put jam on my sandwich.
I put money in a safe.
I put money in the piggy bank.
I put my Einstein novelty underwear on backwards twice today.
I put my Sunday best on.
I put my all into the job.
I put my arms around his neck.
I put my bags on the table.
I put my bike in a safe place.
I put my books in my pack.
I put my books in the drawer.
I put my books on the table.
I put my car at his disposal.
I put my car in reverse and backed into the garage.
I put my car in reverse.
I put my car over there.
I put my clothes in the dryer.
I put my coat on because I was cold.
I put my coat on inside out.
I put my coat on the table.
I put my desk by the window.
I put my faith in Zamenhof.
I put my faith in science.
I put my family before my career.
I put my fate in your beautiful hands.
I put my finger on my lips for silence.
I put my finger to my lips.
I put my fingers in my ears to block out the terrible sounds.
I put my glasses on.
I put my gloves back on.
I put my gloves on inside out by mistake.
I put my hammer away in the toolbox.
I put my hammer in the toolbox.
I put my hand on Tom's shoulder.
I put my hand on her shoulder.
I put my hand on his shoulder.
I put my hand onto the table.
I put my hat on.
I put my head down on the desk and tried to get some sleep.
I put my headband in the washer, and it still stinks.
I put my helmet on.
I put my jewelry in the safe.
I put my lighter down somewhere and now I can't find it.
I put my lighter down somewhere and now I can’t find it.
I put my money in a purse.
I put my name on the list.
I put my pencils yonder on the bed.
I put my pens in my drawer, too.
I put my pens in the drawer.
I put my phone away.
I put my phone on vibrate.
I put my school bag in its usual place.
I put my shirt on.
I put my shoes on immediately.
I put my shoes on.
I put my shoes under the bed.
I put my son through college.
I put my studies aside.
I put my suitcase down.
I put my suitcase in the baggage room yesterday, but now it seems to be missing.
I put my suitcase in the trunk.
I put my trust in Tom.
I put my trust in Zamenhof.
I put my wallet right here.
I put my watch in for repair.
I put my wife's glasses on by mistake.
I put myself between them.
I put myself in trouble.
I put myself in troubles.
I put myself on guard against the danger.
I put myself within reach.
I put new tires on my car.
I put obstacles in my own way.
I put off answering the letter for a week.
I put off the conclusion.
I put off the difficult problems and start with the ones I can solve.
I put off writing for over a month.
I put oil on the fire.
I put on 5 kilograms in half a year so I didn't eat very much.
I put on Tom's shirt by mistake.
I put on Tom's shoes by mistake.
I put on a blanket to sleep.
I put on a cap when I go to school.
I put on a gas mask.
I put on a hat because it was too sunny.
I put on a jacket because it was quite cold this morning.
I put on a little makeup.
I put on a little weight last year.
I put on a lot of sunscreen, but I still got a bad sunburn.
I put on a suit when I go to the office.
I put on a sweater because I was cold.
I put on a sweater.
I put on a thick sweater in the evening.
I put on a tie.
I put on an air of interest.
I put on an angelic face most often, but believe me, I'm so much worse than Satan itself.
I put on an apron.
I put on appropriate clothing.
I put on deodorant to cover my natural smell.
I put on everything I brought: two pairs of long underwear (tops and bottoms), a fleece, two down jackets, a balaclava, a ski hat, two pairs of gloves, and a pair ski goggles.
I put on four pounds this summer.
I put on my bathrobe after getting out of the shower.
I put on my best shirt.
I put on my cap to go out.
I put on my clothes in a hurry.
I put on my coat and hat.
I put on my coat and went outside.
I put on my coat because I was cold.
I put on my coat.
I put on my favorite dress for the party.
I put on my favourite dress for the party.
I put on my glasses to see the blackboard.
I put on my glasses.
I put on my hat.
I put on my helmet.
I put on my mask every time I leave the house.
I put on my pajamas.
I put on my robe and wizard hat.
I put on my shirt.
I put on my shoes and went out joining the others.
I put on my shoes at once.
I put on my shoes immediately.
I put on my shoes.
I put on my slippers.
I put on my socks before you could say "Jack Robinson".
I put on my socks in a jiffy.
I put on my socks lickety-split.
I put on my socks quick as greased lightning.
I put on my trousers.
I put on my wife's glasses by mistake.
I put on my wig.
I put on running clothes.
I put on shoes.
I put on some clean clothes.
I put on some makeup.
I put on some music.
I put on the left indicator.
I put on the sweater Tom gave me for Christmas.
I put on thick socks.
I put on two kilograms this summer.
I put one away.
I put one in the drawer.
I put out a lot of money for my son's education.
I put out a lot of money for my son’s education.
I put out the fire.
I put pebbles on the technical drawing because of the wind.
I put quantity after quality.
I put roll-on antiperspirant all over my body. If sweat starts squirting out the top of my head, you know why.
I put salt and pepper in the soup.
I put salt and pepper into the soup.
I put slices of avocado on my tacos.
I put some brandy in it.
I put some cookies on the table and the kids ate them right up.
I put some cream in my coffee.
I put some milk in my coffee.
I put song lyrics into a blender and now I've got a hit song.
I put sugar in my tea.
I put ten thousand yen into the bank every month.
I put that in the category about memorabilia.
I put the babies in the car.
I put the bag on or beside the chair.
I put the bins out.
I put the book down and turned on the light.
I put the book down.
I put the book on the table in the living room.
I put the book on the table.
I put the book that I borrowed from you the other day on your desk.
I put the boxes in the attic. I'll look at them later.
I put the car in drive.
I put the car in reverse.
I put the car radio on Berber music.
I put the cart before the horse.
I put the chocolate bars in the freezer.
I put the circular in the letter box.
I put the circular in the mail box.
I put the circular in the mail.
I put the circular in the post box.
I put the circular in the post.
I put the coins away.
I put the cuffs on Sami.
I put the data on a USB drive.
I put the data on the cloud.
I put the dictionary back on Tom's desk.
I put the documents on a thumb drive.
I put the documents that you requested on your desk.
I put the documents you requested on your desk.
I put the fire out.
I put the flowers in the vase.
I put the food in the microwave, but it hasn't heated all the way through.
I put the gifts in the attic so you wouldn't find them.
I put the gifts in the attic.
I put the horse back in the stable yesterday.
I put the ice-cream tub into the trolley.
I put the jello in the refrigerator.
I put the kettle on the cooker.
I put the key back where I found it.
I put the key in exactly the same place where I found it.
I put the key in the door and turned it.
I put the key in the lock.
I put the key on the table.
I put the keys on the table.
I put the ladder against the wall.
I put the leftovers in the fridge.
I put the leftovers in the refrigerator.
I put the lighter out.
I put the mask close to my face.
I put the meat we just bought in the freezer.
I put the milk back in the refrigerator.
I put the milk back into the refrigerator.
I put the milk in the refrigerator.
I put the money in a three-year time deposit at the bank.
I put the money in the safe.
I put the money into the safe.
I put the money that I owe you on the table.
I put the newspaper on the coffee table.
I put the newspapers near the armchair.
I put the notebook in my backpack.
I put the pens in my drawer.
I put the plan into practice.
I put the potatoes in the oven.
I put the pressure on Tom.
I put the question in other way.
I put the receiver to my ear.
I put the report card in the drawer so my mother wouldn't see it.
I put the report card in the drawer so my mother wouldn’t see it.
I put the rest of your clothes in the laundry.
I put the rope in the box.
I put the saddle on the horse myself.
I put the same question to Tom as I had to Mary.
I put the shoe under the table.
I put the shopping bag on the table with a thud.
I put the software on my computer.
I put the spoons on the table.
I put the thing here.
I put the tip under two glasses because I knew they were always in a hurry.
I put the trap between the branches.
I put the tub of ice cream into the trolley.
I put the used syringes in a can for safe disposal.
I put the usual headphones in my ears and selected a song at random.
I put the vase on the table.
I put the washing machine on.
I put the washing powder behind the bathtub.
I put them where I used to leave them.
I put thirteen candles on the birthday cake.
I put this question to him.
I put this track on repeat.
I put those photos on my webpage.
I put three teaspoons of sugar in your tea.
I put together a compilation of my favourite songs.
I put too much flour in the cookie dough.
I put toothpaste on my toothbrush and brush my teeth.
I put trust in her that she didn't deserve.
I put trust in him that he didn't deserve.
I put trust in them that they didn't deserve.
I put twice as many apples in the pie as the recipe said.
I put two olive trees in the ground.
I put two slices of bread into the toaster and poured myself a cup of coffee.
I put two slices of cheese on the tortilla.
I put up a notice.
I put up a small hut in the backyard.
I put up my umbrella.
I put up with her as long as I could.
I put water to boil and the pot blackened.
I put you down as a reference.
I put you through to her.
I put your name on the tile.
I put your shoes under the table.
I put your suitcases in your room.
I put your suitcases over there.
I put your theory into practice.
I put €100 in my deposit account each month.
I puzzled over the difficult math problem.
I pwn noobs.
I quarreled with Tom yesterday.
I quarrelled with my older brother yesterday.
I quarrelled with my sister because she's too kind.
I quench my thirst with a cold glass of water.
I quenched my immediate thirst by taking a sip of water straight from the water tap.
I quenched my thirst with this single glass of tea.
I question Tom's motives.
I question myself.
I question the existence of miracles.
I question the intrinsic value of nihilism.
I question the sincerity of Tom's speech.
I question whether English is really a suitable global language.
I question whether he is actually there.
I question whether he'll come in time.
I question whether he’ll come in time.
I question your choices.
I question your loyalty.
I question your sincerity.
I queue in front of the grocery store.
I quickened my pace, hoping to lose him.
I quickened my pace.
I quickened my steps to catch up with her.
I quickly adapted myself to my new school.
I quickly adapted.
I quickly agreed.
I quickly applied the brakes.
I quickly ate breakfast and then left the house.
I quickly ate lunch.
I quickly ate my lunch and then got back to work.
I quickly averted my eyes.
I quickly backed away.
I quickly boarded the train.
I quickly denied it.
I quickly dozed off.
I quickly emailed him back.
I quickly extinguished the fire.
I quickly fled to the bunker.
I quickly found the restaurant I was looking for.
I quickly found the shop I was looking for.
I quickly found the store I was looking for.
I quickly got bored of it.
I quickly got into the car.
I quickly got up.
I quickly got used to speaking in public.
I quickly grabbed a towel to cover myself.
I quickly had a shower.
I quickly laugh at everything, for fear of having to cry.
I quickly left the woods.
I quickly looked around.
I quickly picked up the remote control.
I quickly put my clothes on, left for school.
I quickly ran out of money.
I quickly ran to the bus.
I quickly ran.
I quickly realized that my text needed an exhaustive revision.
I quickly recovered.
I quickly responded.
I quickly rushed inside the store.
I quickly saw through his game.
I quickly spread the news.
I quickly stood up.
I quickly stopped what I was doing and asked Tom to do the same.
I quickly stopped what I was doing and looked around to see who was there.
I quickly stopped what I was doing and went outside to see what was going on.
I quickly stopped what I was doing as soon as I realized what was happening.
I quickly stopped what I was doing to attend to your request, my friend.
I quickly took a shower.
I quickly tried to clean up.
I quickly tried to get advice from Tom.
I quickly tried to get advice from him.
I quickly turned my gaze to the door.
I quickly vanished.
I quickly walked away.
I quickly walked off.
I quickly won Tom's trust.
I quicky left the area.
I quietly helped a fool and he shouted it from the rooftops.
I quietly helped a jerk and he blurted it out.
I quietly slipped out of the room.
I quietly take out my camera, so as not to be noticed by my photographic subject, and peek through the finder.
I quit a long time ago.
I quit after a week.
I quit at everything. I don't even finish my...
I quit at everything. I don't even finish...
I quit caffeine cold turkey.
I quit doing that a long time ago.
I quit doing that many years ago.
I quit hard drugs.
I quit in October.
I quit last month.
I quit my job and moved so I could start off with a clean slate.
I quit my job last month.
I quit my job the day before yesterday.
I quit my job two days ago.
I quit my job.
I quit on Monday.
I quit playing football.
I quit playing soccer.
I quit playing the bass guitar.
I quit playing the drums.
I quit playing the guitar.
I quit reading the novel because it wasn't very interesting.
I quit right then and there.
I quit school.
I quit smoking a year ago.
I quit smoking and drinking.
I quit smoking half a year ago.
I quit smoking six months ago.
I quit smoking three months ago.
I quit smoking three years ago.
I quit smoking two years ago.
I quit smoking when I was diagnosed with cancer.
I quit smoking.
I quit the baseball club last week.
I quit the group.
I quit three years later.
I quit while I was ahead.
I quit.
I quite agree to your proposal.
I quite agree with you on this.
I quite agree with you.
I quite agree.
I quite appreciate it.
I quite cottoned on to that man.
I quite fancy that I’d like to become her husband.
I quite forget your name.
I quite frankly don't know.
I quite like Mary, but Tom's not my cup of tea.
I quite like having Tom around.
I quite like looking back at my sentences to check which ones were translated into other languages.
I quite like that idea of hers.
I quite liked the idea.
I quoted some famous phrases in my book.
I raced back up the mountain.
I raced him a mile.
I racked my brain and still could not come up with the answer.
I racked my brains for a new idea for an article.
I racked my brains for an answer.
I racked my brains to write this.
I racked my mind to find a solution to the riddle but eventually failed to find one.
I radiate kindness and warmth.
I radiate light in my surroundings.
I radiate positivity everywhere.
I raise Arabian horses.
I raise a goose.
I raise a variety of roses in the garden.
I raise cattle.
I raise fish.
I raise funds.
I raise my child exactly how I want.
I raise my child however I want.
I raise my glass to you.
I raise orchids.
I raise rabbits for meat.
I raised Cookie from a puppy.
I raised Tom.
I raised a couple of kids.
I raised great kids.
I raised hell.
I raised her.
I raised him.
I raised money for an orphanage.
I raised my arm.
I raised my children by myself.
I raised my hand to ask a question.
I raised my hand.
I raised my hands.
I raised my head.
I raised my voice.
I raised some money to renovate the house.
I raised the binoculars again and looked at the cemetery.
I raised the issue of sleeping arrangements.
I raised the wages of my workers.
I raised thee up under the apple tree.
I raised this child.
I raised up my head and prayed.
I raised you better than that.
I raised you from an infant.
I ran a bath.
I ran a long distance for the first time in a while and now my legs are shaking.
I ran a race with Tom.
I ran a race with him.
I ran a red light in my car, because I was in a hurry.
I ran a red light.
I ran a risk of advising her.
I ran a splinter into my finger.
I ran about the shore wringing my hands and beating my head and face, exclaiming at my misery, and crying out, ‘I was undone, undone!’ till, tired and faint, I was forced to lie down on the ground to repose, but durst not sleep for fear of being devoured.”
I ran about thirty miles this week.
I ran across a rare book in a secondhand bookstore.
I ran across an ex-boyfriend of mine in town the other day.
I ran across an old classmate on my way here.
I ran across an old friend in the street.
I ran across an old friend near the bank.
I ran across an old friend of mine at party the other day.
I ran across an old friend of mine at the party yesterday.
I ran across an old friend when I went to the movies yesterday.
I ran across her in Mongolia, of all places.
I ran across his telephone number in an old address book of mine.
I ran across my old teacher on the street.
I ran across my uncle at the station.
I ran across some old friends at the party.
I ran across the field.
I ran across your mother in the library.
I ran after Skura.
I ran after Tom.
I ran after him with a pile of papers that he'd left behind.
I ran after him with a pile of papers that he’d left behind.
I ran after him, but I did not catch him.
I ran after the bus, but the driver wouldn't stop.
I ran after the sun.
I ran again.
I ran ahead to warn everybody.
I ran all over town trying to borrow some money.
I ran all the way here and I'm out of breath.
I ran all the way here and I’m out of breath.
I ran all the way home.
I ran all the way to the bus stop.
I ran all the way to the station this morning.
I ran all the way to the station.
I ran all the way, otherwise I could not have caught the train.
I ran and ran, but I couldn't catch the train.
I ran and ran, but missed the train.
I ran and ran, but the train left me.
I ran and ran; otherwise I might have been late.
I ran around the field.
I ran around the house.
I ran as fast as I could in order to catch up with Tom.
I ran as fast as I could in order to reach her.
I ran as fast as I could to catch the train.
I ran as fast as I could to catch up with Tom.
I ran as fast as I could to catch up with her.
I ran as fast as I could to catch up with them.
I ran as fast as I could to catch up.
I ran as fast as I could, but I couldn't catch her.
I ran as fast as I could, but I couldn't catch the dog.
I ran as fast as I could, but I missed the bus.
I ran as fast as I could, but I missed the train.
I ran as fast as I could, but Tom beat me by thirty seconds.
I ran as fast as I could.
I ran as fast as I was able to.
I ran as fast as lightning.
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with Tom.
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with her.
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with him.
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with them.
I ran as fast as possible to the police station.
I ran as fast as possible, but I missed the last train.
I ran as fast as possible, but I was not in time for the last train.
I ran as fast as possible, but I wasn't in time for the last train.
I ran as fast as possible.
I ran as quickly as I could.
I ran at full speed.
I ran away from Tom.
I ran away from home to the outside.
I ran away from home to the woods.
I ran away from home when I was thirteen years old.
I ran away from home when I was thirteen.
I ran away from home.
I ran away from the problem.
I ran away from the training camp.
I ran away in a hurry.
I ran away in total fear.
I ran away to the village.
I ran away with my husband's closest friend.
I ran away without saying anything because I didn't want to lose our love.
I ran away without saying anything because I didn’t want to lose our love.
I ran away.
I ran back home.
I ran back inside.
I ran back into the house.
I ran back into the trees.
I ran back onto the path.
I ran back to my car.
I ran back to the car, got in, and drove away.
I ran back to the house.
I ran back to the side of the house.
I ran back towards the campsite to see what was happening.
I ran back upstairs.
I ran because I was late for school.
I ran deeper into the forest.
I ran down the corridor leading to the toilet.
I ran down the deserted road.
I ran down the hall.
I ran down the hill.
I ran down the slope.
I ran down the stairs.
I ran downhill.
I ran downstairs.
I ran fast.
I ran faster.
I ran for a mile.
I ran for cover.
I ran for help.
I ran for it.
I ran for mayor.
I ran for my life.
I ran for the bus and was already breathless.
I ran for the car.
I ran for the door.
I ran for the governor.
I ran for the hills.
I ran for the mayor.
I ran from everything.
I ran from his office in tears.
I ran hard.
I ran here.
I ran home as fast as I could.
I ran home when it started to rain.
I ran home, too embarrassed.
I ran home.
I ran in order to be on time.
I ran in order to get there sooner.
I ran in order to make it on time.
I ran in the direction of the sun.
I ran inside.
I ran into Bernard yesterday in a restaurant.
I ran into Jean this morning, he was going to the market.
I ran into Ken at the park.
I ran into Mary at a party last week.
I ran into Mary at the party last week.
I ran into Michael and Caroline in town this afternoon.
I ran into Mr Lynch on the bus.
I ran into Mr Yoshiyuki at Shibuya station.
I ran into Mr. Lynch on the bus.
I ran into Mr. Yoshiyuki at Shibuya station.
I ran into Tom at a conference three weeks ago.
I ran into Tom at lunch today.
I ran into Tom at the library.
I ran into Tom at the mall.
I ran into Tom at the party last night.
I ran into Tom at the station.
I ran into Tom at the supermarket.
I ran into Tom earlier today.
I ran into Tom in Australia last week.
I ran into Tom in Boston last week.
I ran into Tom in the park.
I ran into Tom last week in Australia.
I ran into Tom last week in Boston.
I ran into Tom on my way home from work.
I ran into Tom on my way home.
I ran into Tom on the bus.
I ran into Tom on the street the other day.
I ran into Tom on the street.
I ran into Tom on the train.
I ran into Tom the day before yesterday and we started talking.
I ran into Tom the other day.
I ran into Tom this afternoon in the supermarket.
I ran into Tom this morning at the bus stop.
I ran into Tom this morning at the supermarket.
I ran into Tom this morning on my way to work.
I ran into Tom this morning.
I ran into Tom today.
I ran into Tom when I was in Boston.
I ran into Tom yesterday.
I ran into Tom.
I ran into Yoko on the way to the theater.
I ran into a deer.
I ran into a few problems.
I ran into a friend of mine in the park.
I ran into a friend of mine on the bus.
I ran into a friend on the bus.
I ran into a friend on the street, but he appeared distracted and didn't seem to recognise me.
I ran into a friend while walking in Ginza.
I ran into a group of Canadians in the park.
I ran into a little trouble.
I ran into a man who knew us.
I ran into a parking meter last week.
I ran into a pole.
I ran into a policeman but he didn't notice me at all.
I ran into a tree.
I ran into an old classmate of mine on my way to the station.
I ran into an old friend at Tokyo Station.
I ran into an old friend at the airport.
I ran into an old friend at the grocery store.
I ran into an old friend at the station.
I ran into an old friend in the park.
I ran into an old friend of mine at the party the other day.
I ran into an old friend of mine outside the station.
I ran into an old friend of mine this morning.
I ran into an old friend of mine.
I ran into an old friend three days ago.
I ran into an old friend.
I ran into big trouble.
I ran into debt.
I ran into her again at the shopping mall.
I ran into her at the store.
I ran into her by chance.
I ran into her in the street.
I ran into her yesterday at the store.
I ran into her.
I ran into him again.
I ran into him at the church.
I ran into him unexpectedly at the airport yesterday.
I ran into him yesterday at the airport.
I ran into him.
I ran into my aunt by chance in Europe.
I ran into my buddy.
I ran into my friend at the theater last night.
I ran into my friend.
I ran into my friends in the train station.
I ran into my old teacher at the station.
I ran into my professor at a restaurant last night.
I ran into my teacher just as I left the store.
I ran into some friends at the train station.
I ran into some of my friends at the train station.
I ran into some problems.
I ran into the classroom out of breath.
I ran into the house because it started to rain.
I ran into the house.
I ran into the room.
I ran into the woods.
I ran into trouble.
I ran into your brother on the street.
I ran into your dad yesterday.
I ran into your father yesterday.
I ran into your girlfriend.
I ran into your mother in the library.
I ran like lightning.
I ran like the wind.
I ran my hand over my stomach.
I ran my tongue across my mouth.
I ran off some of the oil.
I ran off the road.
I ran off when I saw that man.
I ran on and on and came in sight of a light.
I ran out and caught a taxi.
I ran out of breath.
I ran out of cat litter.
I ran out of cheese.
I ran out of food.
I ran out of fuel.
I ran out of gas.
I ran out of gasoline on the way.
I ran out of ideas.
I ran out of ink.
I ran out of juice.
I ran out of money and couldn't buy everything that I needed.
I ran out of money during my stay in Australia.
I ran out of money during my stay in India.
I ran out of money for the bus.
I ran out of money.
I ran out of my own house.
I ran out of paint before I finished painting the ceiling.
I ran out of petrol.
I ran out of room on my phone.
I ran out of shampoo.
I ran out of soap.
I ran out of the house.
I ran out of the room without knowing what I was doing.
I ran out of the woods.
I ran out of time to study because I was watching TV.
I ran out of time.
I ran out of water halfway through my hike.
I ran out of water.
I ran out.
I ran outside and the door locked itself behind me.
I ran outside and the door locked itself behind me. It was almost -40.
I ran outside.
I ran over a cat.
I ran past Skura.
I ran past Tom.
I ran past them.
I ran really fast and won the race.
I ran setup and then the whole thing crashed.
I ran so I would be on time.
I ran so I'd be on time.
I ran some errands for Tom.
I ran the risk of losing my job to help her.
I ran through the forest.
I ran through the textbook once more before the examination.
I ran to Dad, giggling.
I ran to Gerrouma.
I ran to Iraq.
I ran to a neighbor's house.
I ran to catch the train.
I ran to catch up with Tom.
I ran to her and threw my arms round her, but at that moment her knees seemed to give way and she fell to the ground.
I ran to him and saw that he was shaking with fear.
I ran to him.
I ran to hug Dad.
I ran to my mother.
I ran to school, but the bell had already rung.
I ran to school.
I ran to see my mother.
I ran to the back door.
I ran to the bathroom to look at myself in the mirror.
I ran to the bathroom, undressed and jumped into the shower.
I ran to the bus stop.
I ran to the campsite.
I ran to the garage.
I ran to the mountain peak.
I ran to the scene.
I ran to the station not to miss the train.
I ran to the station so I wouldn't miss my train.
I ran to the station this morning.
I ran to the station.
I ran to the tent.
I ran to the train station.
I ran to the window and threw it wide open.
I ran to throw myself into his arms.
I ran to win.
I ran toward the door.
I ran toward the translucent sphere, and the next thing I knew, I was mysteriously suspended in mid-air.
I ran towards Rima's house.
I ran towards him and melted into an enveloping embrace.
I ran towards the house.
I ran towards the park.
I ran towards you.
I ran until I reached the school parking lot.
I ran up the hill.
I ran up the stairs, taking two at a time.
I ran up the stairs.
I ran up the steps.
I ran upstairs to Tom's office.
I ran upstairs to fetch my racquet.
I ran upstairs to his office.
I ran upstairs two steps at a time.
I ran upstairs.
I ran while gasping for air.
I ran with Tom at the park.
I ran without a second thought.
I ran.
I ran. I devoted my entire life to running to a flower that had already wilted when I reached it.
I randomly came up with this story in 33 minutes.
I rang Mary to tell her I'd be late.
I rang Tom before I came here.
I rang Tom up.
I rang Tom, but it was engaged.
I rang Tom, but the number was engaged.
I rang Tom.
I rang her yesterday, but she didn't answer.
I rang her, but it was engaged.
I rang her, but the number was engaged.
I rang him at home, but it turned out he wasn't in.
I rang him the same day.
I rang him this morning.
I rang him up yesterday.
I rang him up, but he wasn't there.
I rang him up.
I rang him yesterday, but he didn't answer.
I rang him, but it was engaged.
I rang him, but the number was engaged.
I rang him.
I rang his office again and again, but no one answered.
I rang home on my mobile as soon as the patchy coverage along the route let me.
I rang my mother from the station.
I rang the bell and roused the house.
I rang the bell and waited.
I rang the bell several times.
I rang the bell six times.
I rang the bell.
I rang the doorbell.
I rang twice, but there was no one at home.
I rang twice, but there was no one in.
I rang.
I ranted over something that was besides the point.
I raped her.
I raped him.
I raped you while you were asleep, bro. No homo.
I raped you.
I rapidly threw on my clothes and was ready in a few minutes to accompany my friend down to the sitting-room.
I rarely catch a cold.
I rarely come to Australia.
I rarely come to Boston.
I rarely come to the village.
I rarely complain about anything.
I rarely complain.
I rarely cry.
I rarely do that with Tom.
I rarely do that.
I rarely drink alcohol, but I have tried Greek "ouzo."
I rarely drink coffee.
I rarely drink fruit juice.
I rarely drink instant coffee.
I rarely drink nowadays.
I rarely drink these days.
I rarely drink.
I rarely drive my father's car.
I rarely drive to work.
I rarely eat before noon.
I rarely eat meat any more.
I rarely eat meat.
I rarely eat out.
I rarely enjoy free moments.
I rarely ever do that.
I rarely ever laugh.
I rarely ever met Tom's dad growing up, as he was an ER doctor.
I rarely ever sleep on a plane.
I rarely find what I'm looking for.
I rarely get a chance to relax.
I rarely get angry.
I rarely get enough sleep.
I rarely get out on weekends.
I rarely get to sit down.
I rarely get up this early.
I rarely get visitors.
I rarely go back home at five.
I rarely go on trips with my father.
I rarely go out after dark.
I rarely go out on weekends.
I rarely go shopping.
I rarely go there.
I rarely go to Australia.
I rarely go to Boston.
I rarely go to Spain.
I rarely go to art museums.
I rarely go to bed before midnight.
I rarely go to church.
I rarely go to the beach.
I rarely go to the cinema.
I rarely go to the mall, but I went yesterday.
I rarely go to the movies.
I rarely go to the tunnel.
I rarely go to the village.
I rarely have moments of inactivity.
I rarely have spare moments.
I rarely have time to read.
I rarely hear Tom speaking French.
I rarely hear him speaking Berber.
I rarely leave a bookstore empty handed.
I rarely leave the house.
I rarely listen to the radio.
I rarely make a mistake.
I rarely make mistakes.
I rarely prepare for the world history lessons.
I rarely read books in French.
I rarely read books in the library. I prefer to read them at home.
I rarely read magazines.
I rarely remember my dreams.
I rarely saw him at school.
I rarely see Algerians here.
I rarely see Tom any more.
I rarely see Tom anymore.
I rarely see Tom.
I rarely see her kid.
I rarely see him on the Internet.
I rarely see him.
I rarely see them.
I rarely see you and Tom.
I rarely sing.
I rarely sit in the front.
I rarely sleep on a plane.
I rarely speak French with Tom.
I rarely speak French.
I rarely stay out late.
I rarely stay up this late.
I rarely step out of the house.
I rarely talk on the phone.
I rarely thought of clairsentience as a real thing.
I rarely touch coffee.
I rarely translate something into languages other than English.
I rarely travel.
I rarely understand what this student writes in Toki Pona.
I rarely use plastic bags.
I rarely walk to work.
I rarely watch documentaries.
I rarely watch television.
I rarely wear a hat.
I rarely wear a tie.
I rarely wear my nose ring.
I rarely, if ever, talk on the phone till late at night.
I rate him among the best modern composers in Japan.
I rather enjoyed the party.
I rather like Tom.
I rather like him.
I rather like that name.
I rather read sci-fi in Japanese. It is easier to read.
I re-emerged stronger than before.
I re-read my diary after some time.
I re-read my manuscript again.
I reach the ramparts and the shadowy gates / whence first I issued, backward through the night / my studied steps retracing. Horror waits / around; the very silence breeds affright.
I reached Boston three days later.
I reached Nagoya early this morning.
I reached Seattle before sundown.
I reached for a pen on my nightstand.
I reached for and tapped his shoulder.
I reached for my cane.
I reached for the book.
I reached into the pile and felt soft fabric.
I reached my destination in a week.
I reached my endurance limit.
I reached my goal.
I reached my kitchen.
I reached my workplace.
I reached out and tapped him on the shoulder.
I reached out and tapped his shoulder.
I reached out and touched Mary's hand.
I reached out and touched Tom's shoulder.
I reached out because he runs a hotel chain.
I reached out to him and made him an offer.
I reached out to kiss him on the mouth.
I reached over to let the dog smell my hand.
I reached school before the rain started.
I reached the car.
I reached the crest.
I reached the goal.
I reached the hilltop exactly at five.
I reached the hotel.
I reached the level 18.
I reached the museum after a few minutes' walk.
I reached the museum after a few minutes’ walk.
I reached the river.
I reached the school parking lot.
I reached the station at six.
I reached the summit of the mountain in exactly five hours.
I reached the valley floor.
I reached the village before dark.
I react.
I reacted instantly.
I reacted instinctively.
I reacted on instinct.
I read Berber books for pleasure.
I read Berber books.
I read Berber novels.
I read Carlos Castaneda's books when I was 15.
I read French better than I can speak it.
I read French novels.
I read Tatar.
I read The Age of Spiritual Machines by Ray Kurzweil in Amsterdam on September 7, 2006.
I read The Great Gatsby when I was in high school.
I read The New York Times.
I read Tom a poem.
I read Tom a story.
I read Tom's article.
I read Tom's book.
I read Tom's diary.
I read Tom's essay.
I read Tom's letter to Mary.
I read Tom's letter.
I read Tom's message first.
I read Tom's note.
I read Tom's poems. Did you read them, too?
I read a Berber book.
I read a Berber translation of the Quran.
I read a French book last weekend.
I read a French book.
I read a Spanish book.
I read a book about brandy.
I read a book about the evolution of fashion trends over the decades; it was so captivating.
I read a book about the snow queen.
I read a book as I walked.
I read a book as a child about a guy who went after an ant and destroyed his whole house.
I read a book before going to bed.
I read a book called "The Joy of Not Needing Anything."
I read a book every night before bed.
I read a book in French last weekend.
I read a book in French.
I read a book last night.
I read a book of adventure stories.
I read a book on my iPad while I was eating.
I read a book on the challenges of translating the classics, it was captivating.
I read a book today.
I read a book while I eat.
I read a book while I waited.
I read a book while eating.
I read a book yesterday.
I read a book.
I read a certain book on this subject that I borrowed.
I read a comic book.
I read a couple more chapters before I went to sleep.
I read a couple of more chapters before I went to sleep.
I read a few books last week.
I read a few books to my child during the evening.
I read a few more chapters before I went to sleep.
I read a few verses of the Quran.
I read a letter.
I read a lot in my diary yesterday.
I read a lot of books in English.
I read a lot of books in French.
I read a lot of books in my youth; I am a scholar in my own way.
I read a lot of books last summer.
I read a lot of books.
I read a lot of magazines.
I read a lot of modern authors.
I read a lot of novels.
I read a lot when I was in prison.
I read a lot while I was in prison.
I read a lot.
I read a magazine to kill time.
I read a menu.
I read a most interesting book in my library.
I read a most interesting novel yesterday.
I read a newspaper every day so that I may keep up with the time.
I read a newspaper while eating.
I read a newspaper.
I read a poem to Tom.
I read a poem to my students.
I read a really interesting book last weekend.
I read a really interesting book.
I read a really long book last week.
I read a sci-fi book, when I was a teenager, about life in the future in what is now Baja California. I cannot remember the title, and I did search for it on the Web.
I read a story to my children.
I read a study that suggests the same thing.
I read a synopsis of the film.
I read a ton of books.
I read a very interesting novel yesterday.
I read a womanly expression on her face.
I read about All Ball.
I read about almond paste containing carcinogens.
I read about half of this detective novel.
I read about him in the newspaper.
I read about his death in the paper.
I read about how to make beef stroganoff in a recipe book.
I read about how to make tempura in a book.
I read about it in the newspaper.
I read about it in the paper.
I read about that in today's paper.
I read about that.
I read about the accident in the newspaper.
I read about the singer in a magazine, too.
I read adventure books.
I read all her books.
I read all his books.
I read all kinds of books.
I read all of her books.
I read all of his books.
I read all of my books on my phone.
I read all the books.
I read all the reviews.
I read all the sections except the Sport section.
I read all these books in three months.
I read all your text messages.
I read an academic article in that language and understood almost everything, but when I tried reading a story for beginners I understood nothing.
I read an article about acid rain yesterday.
I read an article in Japanese, and then explained what it said in Spanish.
I read an article that said that men are attracted to women in red clothes.
I read an exciting story.
I read an interesting article about Algeria.
I read an interesting article about climate change in this morning's paper.
I read an interesting article by Tom Jackson about that.
I read an interesting article this morning.
I read an interesting book at the library.
I read an interesting book yesterday.
I read and reread the sentence; I just couldn't believe it.
I read and watch sci-fi in different languages. I have some sci-fi novels in different language versions. I watch the same sci-fi shows dubbed in different languages.
I read anger in her face.
I read another fifty pages.
I read another thirty pages.
I read anything I can get.
I read as few books as possible.
I read at least a book a month.
I read at least one book a month.
I read at least one book every month.
I read books about Islam.
I read books all day long and even finished a novel.
I read books aloud with great pleasure.
I read books and magazines to keep up with the times.
I read books at night.
I read books in Berber.
I read books in French.
I read books in my spare time.
I read books to kill time.
I read books.
I read both of those books in tandem several years ago and I can't remember which one the scene you're describing was in.
I read comic books.
I read contemporary Greek literature.
I read detective stories exclusively.
I read detective stories.
I read every book I could lay my hands on.
I read everything I can get my hands on. I read everything written.
I read everything I could about Islam.
I read everything about Islam.
I read everything published by Naturei Karta.
I read everything written by Rabbi Yisroel Dovid Weiss.
I read everything.
I read fan-fiction.
I read few books last week.
I read fifty pages further.
I read five different magazines each month.
I read for an hour or so.
I read for fun only.
I read four new books.
I read his Berber poems.
I read his book in depth.
I read his book.
I read his diaries.
I read his notebooks with great interest.
I read in a book once that a rose by any other name would smell as sweet, but I've never been able to believe it.
I read in a magazine that he was killed.
I read in order to learn.
I read in the classifieds that there's an apartment for rent nearby.
I read in the newspaper advertisements that there is an apartment for rent near here.
I read in the newspaper recently that the crops really need rain.
I read in the newspaper that contact with the plane had been lost.
I read in the newspaper that he had been murdered.
I read in the newspaper that my neighbors had won a prize.
I read in the newspaper where contact with the plane had been lost.
I read in the paper that he was murdered.
I read informative books as much as I can.
I read it again.
I read it in Berber.
I read it in French.
I read it in a book.
I read it in a day.
I read it in a magazine three days ago.
I read it in a magazine.
I read it in some book.
I read it in the extended edition of the newspaper.
I read it in the magazine three days ago.
I read it in the newspaper.
I read it in the train.
I read it in today's edition.
I read it in today’s edition.
I read it incorrectly.
I read it on Facebook.
I read it on the internet, so it must be true.
I read it over again.
I read it to my family.
I read it wrong.
I read jokes almost every day.
I read kids' books in Berber.
I read lips.
I read many books, and attained refinement.
I read many books.
I read many foreign languages, but I don't speak any.
I read many foreign languages, but speak none.
I read many interesting books last winter.
I read many translations of his novels.
I read more e-books than printed books.
I read more ebooks than printed books.
I read more than thirty books last year.
I read more today than I did yesterday.
I read more today than yesterday.
I read my book sometimes.
I read my books, you yours, and Marcos his.
I read my comic books and I'm happy.
I read my horoscope every day.
I read my horoscope today.
I read my manuscript through once more.
I read my notes.
I read new books.
I read newspapers in order to keep up with the times.
I read newspapers.
I read not only his novels but also his poems.
I read novels at random.
I read novels.
I read on electronic devices, since I mostly read at night.
I read on my smartphone, because it fits in my pocket, while books don't.
I read on the news that renewable energies are making good progress.
I read one of his works.
I read one or two books every week.
I read one time that reading is a threat to ignorance.
I read one.
I read only detective novels.
I read only the first translation.
I read only the headline.
I read only what I was looking for.
I read over 300 books last year.
I read physical books because I like not being limited by battery life.
I read physical books, because I like the way they feel.
I read plenty of articles in Spanish.
I read proverbs daily to keep myself motivated.
I read several books a week.
I read several books about Islam.
I read several books last week, including yours.
I read several books last week.
I read some books.
I read something like that.
I read something on social media recently that really resonated with me.
I read somewhere that animals can sense an earthquake before it hits.
I read somewhere that butter is healthier than margarine.
I read somewhere that eggs aren't as bad for you as people once thought.
I read somewhere that in Britain, "billion" is becoming to mean the American sense of the word. They must be confused with numbers over there.
I read somewhere that short people need more sleep than tall people.
I read somewhere that some people are attracted to evil.
I read somewhere that some people drink their own urine.
I read ten books this month.
I read that a typhoon is coming.
I read that article last week.
I read that book a long time ago.
I read that book in Berber.
I read that book in French.
I read that book in high school.
I read that book several years ago.
I read that book three years ago.
I read that book while I was in hospital.
I read that book while I was in the hospital.
I read that book, too, and believe me: it changed my life.
I read that in the paper.
I read that it's going to be more episodic and have fewer arcs.
I read that marzipan contains carcinogens.
I read that report before lunch.
I read that story in French.
I read that story in some book.
I read that the president of Brazil is a woman. Her name is Dilma.
I read that the president of Brazil is a woman. She's called Dilma.
I read that we're going to have the coldest winter in the last sixty years.
I read the Berber translation.
I read the Bible every day.
I read the Bible in order to learn Esperanto.
I read the Bible.
I read the French translation and I thought it sounded OK.
I read the French translation and I thought that it sounded OK.
I read the Quran and I benefited from its reading.
I read the Quran in Arabic.
I read the Quran many times.
I read the Quran multiple times.
I read the Quran regularly.
I read the Quran.
I read the Sunset Warrior Cycle of Eric Van Lustbader. He wrote stories in a fantasy Orient-like setting. The Orient inspired his fictional universe.
I read the Times.
I read the article "A DNA Search for the First Americans Links Amazon Groups to Indigenous Australians."
I read the article "Agency of Life, Entropic Gravity and Phenomena Attributed to 'Dark Matter'."
I read the article "Amerindian Sociocosmologies of Northwestern South America: Some Reflections on the Dead, Metamorphosis, and Religious Specialists."
I read the article "An Overabundance of Low-density Neptune-like Planets."
I read the article "Animism and perspectivism: Still anthropomorphism? On the problem of perception in the construction of Amerindian ontologies."
I read the article "Animism: The Religion of the Tribal World."
I read the article "Antisymmetry and Hixkaryana."
I read the article "Between Bodhisattva and Christian Deity: Guanyin and the Virgin Mary in Late Ming China."
I read the article "Changes in Temperature, Texture, and Structure of Konnyaku (Konjac Glucomannan Gel) During High‐pressure‐freezing."
I read the article "China Coast Pidgin: Texts and contexts" about language contact developments during the China Trade with Westerners.
I read the article "Configurationality in Classical Nahuatl."
I read the article "Conversion to Protestant Christianity in China and the 'supply-side model': Explaining changes in the Chinese religious field."
I read the article "Cosmic wabi-sabi: Tell-tale morphological imperfections in impact crater shapes revealed by numerical analysis."
I read the article "Dark matter haloes: a multistream view."
I read the article "Dyson Spheres around White Dwarfs."
I read the article "Effects of Collisions upon a Partial Dyson Sphere."
I read the article "Encoding Information Structure in Yucatec Maya: On the Interplay of Prosody and Syntax."
I read the article "Examples of Buddho-Daoist Interaction: Afterlife Conceptions in Early Medieval Epigraphic Sources."
I read the article "Exoplanet Biosignatures: Observational Prospects."
I read the article "Grammaticalization in Tok Pisin."
I read the article "Hixkaryana: The Syntax of OVS Word Order" about an unusual Brazilian indigenous language.
I read the article "Hokkien Chinese Borrowings in Tagalog."
I read the article "Human Religious Evolution."
I read the article "Indexing Exoplanets with Physical Conditions Potentially Suitable for Rock-Dependent Extremophiles."
I read the article "Interstellar: When Science Inspires Science Fiction."
I read the article "Mathematico-Physical Understanding of the Supernatural Potential and Creation of Parallel Universes of the Energy of Consciousness in Life Forms" about the Korean Changsoo Shin's pondering of a mathematical model of the creation of the universe by a supernatural potential.
I read the article "Multiple Instruction Multiple Data (MIMD) Implementation on Clusters of Terminals."
I read the article "Mutually conditioned mood and object agreement in Inuit."
I read the article "On the search for artificial Dyson-like structures around pulsars."
I read the article "Parallel Processing Unit with MIMD Architecture."
I read the article "Rhetorical Structure of a Lushootseed (Salish) Narrative."
I read the article "Science Enabled by a Moon Village" about the possible scientific opportunities of a lunar outpost, in the similar scheme as an Antarctic research facility.
I read the article "Secularization without Secularism: The Political-Religious Configuration of Post-1989 China."
I read the article "Stability of a tachyon braneworld."
I read the article "Syntactic Developments in Sranan."
I read the article "Syntactic Nominalization in Halkomelem Salish."
I read the article "The Emergence of Determiner Clisis in Upriver Halkomelem."
I read the article "The Ethics of Artificial Intelligence."
I read the article "The Return of the Animists: Recent Studies of Amazonian Ontologies."
I read the article "The Southeast Asian Shophouse as a Model for Sustainable Urban Environments."
I read the article "The Super-Earth Opportunity – Search for Habitable Exoplanets in the 2020s."
I read the article "Toward a Quantum Theory of Tachyon Fields."
I read the article "Towards Engaged Ontographies of Animist Developments in Amerindian South America."
I read the article "Variability in the Atmosphere of the Hot Giant Planet HAT-P-7 b."
I read the article "What about China? Religious Vitality in the Most Secular and Rapidly Modernizing Society."
I read the article "Xenobiology, New-to-Nature Synthetic Cells and Genetic Firewall."
I read the article "Xenobiology: State-of-the-Art, Ethics, and Philosophy of New-to-Nature Organisms."
I read the article about you in yesterday's newspaper.
I read the article that Tom wrote.
I read the article you told me about.
I read the article.
I read the book "The Divine Comedy".
I read the book after I had finished my homework.
I read the book after I'd finished my homework.
I read the book from beginning to end.
I read the book from cover to cover.
I read the book in my second year of high school.
I read the book in the light of criticism.
I read the book last night.
I read the book over and over again.
I read the book up to page 80 yesterday.
I read the book while I was eating.
I read the book you recommended.
I read the book, too.
I read the book.
I read the book. It was very interesting.
I read the complaint.
I read the contract before I signed it.
I read the contract very carefully.
I read the diary.
I read the dissertation "A Grammar of Chilliwack Halkomelem."
I read the dissertation "Cavite Chabacano Philippine Creole Spanish: Description and Typology."
I read the dissertation "The Sociophonetics and Phonology of the Cavite Chabacano Vowel System."
I read the document "A morphological study of traditional shophouse in China and Southeast Asia."
I read the entire book.
I read the entire works of Milton during my vacation.
I read the entire works of Milton over the holiday.
I read the first page.
I read the first volume of "Murena" — thanks for the recommendation, sacredceltic!
I read the flyer that was handed to me.
I read the hieroglyphs.
I read the label very carefully.
I read the label.
I read the letter again and again.
I read the letter at home.
I read the letter for him.
I read the letter to him.
I read the longest of the author's three novels.
I read the magazine cover to cover.
I read the menu.
I read the message again.
I read the message.
I read the most interesting book in my library.
I read the news about the landslide caused by the storm.
I read the newspaper every day when I was in college.
I read the newspaper every day.
I read the newspaper every morning.
I read the newspaper sometimes.
I read the newspaper this morning.
I read the newspaper to keep myself informed.
I read the newspaper with my coffee every morning.
I read the newspaper.
I read the note and immediately noticed that she had him written under the influences of strong emotions.
I read the note you left.
I read the note.
I read the novel Ladylord by Sasha Miller about an Oriental-like fantasy world. Unlike some Western-author fantasy books which portrayed a more European-like setting, this book was different.
I read the novel in three days.
I read the novel out loud to better enjoy the musicality of the language.
I read the novel with pleasure.
I read the novels.
I read the old documents.
I read the paper every day to keep in touch with what's going on.
I read the paper sometimes.
I read the paper while eating.
I read the play aloud so that I could memorize all the lines.
I read the poem for my child.
I read the poem for my family.
I read the reader's column in newspapers and magazines.
I read the replies.
I read the report carefully.
I read the report this morning.
I read the report very carefully.
I read the report with a certain scepticism.
I read the report with some scepticism.
I read the report you wrote.
I read the research paper "African Settlements in India" about the Afro-Indians, descendants of the African employs of the Muslim Sayyad rulers.
I read the research paper "An Exploration of kinship terms of Hokkien Chinese-Indonesians in Surabaya."
I read the research paper "Black Holes: Attractors for Intelligence?"
I read the research paper "Let Us Think of the Future: A Critical Study of Science Fiction in Indian English Literature."
I read the research paper "Life under a black sun."
I read the research paper "Linguistic relativism and the basic expression of rationality in Inuktitut."
I read the research paper "Merging the orthographies of Papiamento and Papiamentu, from a Curaçao perspective."
I read the research paper "Sea ice, extremophiles and life on extra-terrestrial ocean worlds."
I read the research paper "Sinodonty vs. Sundadonty: issues of source populations and timing in the settlement of the Americas," comparing the dental morphologies of Amerindian and Asian populations.
I read the research paper "Sinodonty, Sundadonty, and the Beringian Standstill model: Issues of timing and migrations into the New World."
I read the research paper "Some diachronic changes in Yoruba grammar."
I read the research paper "The Syntax and Semantics of Modification in Inuktitut: Adjectives and Adverbs in a Polysynthetic Language."
I read the research paper "The features of omnipredicativity in Classical Nahuatl."
I read the research paper "Type III Dyson Sphere of Highly Advanced Civilizations around a Super Massive Black Hole."
I read the research paper "Xenobiology: A new form of life as the ultimate biosafety tool."
I read the research paper entitled "Genetic Relationships of Asians and Northern Europeans, Revealed by Y-Chromosomal DNA Analysis."
I read the signs.
I read the song to my child.
I read the story in a book.
I read the story three times.
I read the text on page nine.
I read the thesis "A Lexical-Functional Analysis of Swahili Relative Clauses."
I read the thesis "An Estelle Compiler," by Jacques van Dijk, Estelle being a computer language I was involved with in university summer work.
I read the thesis "Identity in the Papiamentu Haiku of Elis Juliana."
I read the thesis "Unikkaaqtuat: Traditional Inuit Stories."
I read the thirty pages of this book.
I read the title too fast.
I read the whole article.
I read the whole book in a day.
I read the whole book in one day.
I read the whole book in one evening.
I read the will again.
I read the will.
I read the word several times, but couldn't remember it.
I read the work "Semantic and Pragmatic Functions in Plains Cree Syntax."
I read the work "The Early Development of Inuktitut Syllabic Orthography."
I read the work "The features of omnipredicativity in Classical Nahuatl" about an ancient Mexican language. I am interested also in the omnipredicativity in the Lojban artificial language.
I read thirty books last year.
I read thirty more pages.
I read this and thought you might like to read it too.
I read this article yesterday.
I read this book a couple of years ago.
I read this book a long time ago.
I read this book again and again.
I read this book in Rome.
I read this book in a day.
I read this book in high school.
I read this book in two days.
I read this book last night.
I read this book last week.
I read this book many years ago, back when I was still a kid.
I read this book on the plane.
I read this book once when I was little.
I read this book several times.
I read this book several years ago.
I read this book to the end.
I read this book two years ago.
I read this book when I was a kid.
I read this book when I was in college.
I read this book when I was in elementary school.
I read this book when I was in high school.
I read this book when I went to primary school.
I read this book yesterday.
I read this book, but I didn't understand any of it.
I read this book. It was interesting from beginning to end.
I read this in Cosmo.
I read this in Cosmopolitan.
I read this in the newspaper.
I read this in today's issue.
I read this news yesterday and it seemed so impossible to me.
I read this sentence on the side of a rubbish skip in Vienna yesterday: "The Danube is not blue."
I read this tome from end to end.
I read those books when I was a kid.
I read those messages in Berber.
I read those novels.
I read three books a week.
I read three books last week.
I read three kinds of newspapers in order to keep abreast of the times.
I read three kinds of newspapers in order to keep abreast with the times.
I read three novels last week.
I read thrillers.
I read through the document again.
I read through the novel.
I read to learn.
I read to my son every night.
I read two books a week.
I read two books last week. I loved them both.
I read until the small hours of the morning.
I read you five by five.
I read your Berber poems.
I read your ad in the paper.
I read your book about Boston.
I read your book and I found it very interesting.
I read your book.
I read your book. I found it very interesting.
I read your book. It was really interesting.
I read your book. It's quite interesting.
I read your letter to my family.
I read your letter with great pleasure.
I read your letter yesterday.
I read your letter.
I read your letters to Tom.
I read your new book with real delight.
I read your novel.
I read your post on Twitter.
I read your report and found it very interesting.
I read your report.
I read your thoughts.
I read your tweet.
I read, so I translate.
I read, understood and accepted the privacy statement.
I read.
I read; you write.
I readily grasped at his proposal.
I realise that love has been my greatest downfall.
I realise that you are the second authority in Europe.
I realise the problem.
I realise you lot wouldn't be here if you didn't have to be.
I realised I didn't understand anything.
I realised I needed help.
I realised it too late.
I realised something sitting on the toilet.
I realised that I was lying to myself.
I realised we weren't communicating anymore.
I realised what I really want is you.
I realize I could probably save myself a lot of time by just doing that myself.
I realize I don't actually really need a sailboat.
I realize I don't have enough money to buy everything I need.
I realize I don't have enough money to buy everything I want.
I realize I don't have enough money to buy what I need.
I realize I don't have enough money to buy what I want.
I realize I don't have enough money.
I realize I don't have enough time to do everything that needs to be done.
I realize I don't have enough time to do that.
I realize I don't have enough time to do what has to be done.
I realize I don't have enough time to do what needs to be done.
I realize I don't have to do that again.
I realize I don't have to do that anymore.
I realize I don't have to do that.
I realize I don't really need to do this.
I realize I have a problem.
I realize I may not be the most desirable man in the world, but I still hope that you'll consider going out with me.
I realize I may not be the most desirable man in the world, but I still hope you'll consider going out with me.
I realize I may not be the most desirable man in the world, but I still hope you’ll consider going out with me.
I realize I may not meet your expectations.
I realize I messed up.
I realize I need more experience with kids.
I realize I should've been more careful.
I realize I should've called.
I realize I'd never have a special place in your life.
I realize I'm just stating the obvious.
I realize I'm new here, but I have a suggestion.
I realize I'm not very likely to be able to do that without your help.
I realize I'm not very likely to be able to do that.
I realize I'm not what you were looking for.
I realize I've been doing that the wrong way.
I realize Tom always does that that way.
I realize Tom could be doing that right now.
I realize Tom could be finished doing that by 2:30.
I realize Tom could easily have done that.
I realize Tom could force you to do that.
I realize Tom could get Mary to do that.
I realize Tom could get Mary to show us how to do that.
I realize Tom could get hurt if he tried to do that.
I realize Tom could get injured if he tried to do that.
I realize Tom could probably be finished doing that by 2:30.
I realize Tom could probably convince Mary not to do that.
I realize Tom could probably convince Mary to do that.
I realize Tom could probably force you to do that.
I realize Tom doesn't know how to do that.
I realize Tom doesn't really want to be here.
I realize Tom has actually done that.
I realize Tom has been doing that.
I realize Tom hasn't been doing that.
I realize Tom might be able to convince Mary not to do that.
I realize Tom might be able to convince Mary to do that.
I realize Tom might be tempted to do that.
I realize Tom shouldn't do that either.
I realize Tom was the one who did that.
I realize Tom wasn't joking.
I realize Tom will try to do that.
I realize Tom would help me do that if I asked him to.
I realize how frustrated you must be.
I realize it was a stupid thing to do.
I realize it was you who shut the door.
I realize it's hard to believe.
I realize it's probably too late.
I realize now that that book, which seemed so good to me, probably contains errors.
I realize now there's no other solution.
I realize now why I shouldn't have done that.
I realize that I could probably save myself a lot of time by just doing that myself.
I realize that I devote a lot of energy to other people's lives.
I realize that I don't have enough money.
I realize that I don't really need to do this.
I realize that I may not be the most desirable man in the world, but I still hope that you'll consider going out with me.
I realize that I may not be the most desirable man in the world, but I still hope you'll consider going out with me.
I realize that I messed up.
I realize that I need help.
I realize that I should've been more careful.
I realize that I'm my own worst critic.
I realize that I'm not very likely to be able to do that without your help.
I realize that I'm not very likely to be able to do that.
I realize that I'm not where I'd like to be yet.
I realize that I'm the only one here who can speak French.
I realize that I'm the only one here who knows how to do that.
I realize that I've been doing that the wrong way.
I realize that Tom always does that that way.
I realize that Tom could be doing that right now.
I realize that Tom could be finished doing that by 2:30.
I realize that Tom could easily have done that.
I realize that Tom could force you to do that.
I realize that Tom could get Mary to do that.
I realize that Tom could get Mary to show us how to do that.
I realize that Tom could get hurt if he tried to do that.
I realize that Tom could get injured if he tried to do that.
I realize that Tom could probably be finished doing that by 2:30.
I realize that Tom could probably convince Mary not to do that.
I realize that Tom could probably convince Mary to do that.
I realize that Tom could probably force you to do that.
I realize that Tom doesn't know how to do that.
I realize that Tom doesn't really want to be here.
I realize that Tom has actually done that.
I realize that Tom has been doing that.
I realize that Tom hasn't been doing that.
I realize that Tom might be able to convince Mary not to do that.
I realize that Tom might be able to convince Mary to do that.
I realize that Tom might be tempted to do that.
I realize that Tom shouldn't do that either.
I realize that Tom was the one who did that.
I realize that Tom wasn't joking.
I realize that Tom will try to do that.
I realize that Tom would help me do that if I asked him to.
I realize that independence is essential for personal growth
I realize that isn't very likely to happen.
I realize that it is easier to write than to speak.
I realize that it was a stupid thing to do.
I realize that it's hard to believe.
I realize that it's probably too late.
I realize that many of my relatives are just getting old, so they are becoming "grumpy."
I realize that may not happen.
I realize that my self-improvement still has a lot of ground to cover and a long journey ahead of it.
I realize that that isn't very likely to happen.
I realize that that may not happen.
I realize that the only reason Tom did that was because Mary asked him to.
I realize that the only reason that Tom did that was because Mary asked him to.
I realize that there's a problem.
I realize that this is a difficult decision for you.
I realize that this may sound crazy, but I think I've fallen in love with your younger sister.
I realize that this may sound crazy, but I think I’ve fallen in love with your younger sister.
I realize that this may sound crazy, but I think that I've fallen in love with your younger sister.
I realize that this might sound crazy, but I think I've fallen in love with your younger sister.
I realize that you don't really want to be here.
I realize that you guys wouldn't be here if you didn't have to be.
I realize that you're going to desperately look for arguments to prove your point.
I realize that.
I realize the effort you have put into this project and I really appreciate it.
I realize the only reason Tom did that was because Mary asked him to.
I realize the only reason that Tom did that was because Mary asked him to.
I realize there's a problem.
I realize there's more here than meets the eye.
I realize this is a difficult time for you.
I realize this may sound crazy, but I think I've fallen in love with your younger sister.
I realize this may sound crazy, but I think that I've fallen in love with your younger sister.
I realize this sentence is very American.
I realize what the problem is.
I realize you don't care for her.
I realize you don't really want to be here.
I realize you poke fun at me at every opportunity!
I realize you're anxious to finalize the details.
I realized Christianity wasn't the true religion.
I realized I barely had enough money to buy what I had to buy.
I realized I barely had enough time to do what I needed to do.
I realized I barely had enough time to do what I wanted to do.
I realized I couldn't win.
I realized I didn't have enough money to buy everything I needed.
I realized I didn't have enough money to buy everything I wanted.
I realized I didn't have enough money to buy what I needed.
I realized I didn't have enough money to buy what I wanted.
I realized I didn't have enough money.
I realized I didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
I realized I didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
I realized I didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
I realized I didn't have to do that anymore.
I realized I didn't have to do that.
I realized I didn't need to do that.
I realized I needed help.
I realized I needed to get out of there.
I realized I needed to study French a little harder.
I realized I shouldn't have done that as soon as I did it.
I realized I still had your keys.
I realized I still hadn't eaten anything.
I realized I was being followed.
I realized I was dreaming because a female voice coming from nowhere started demeaning me for not realizing I was dreaming, which led me to do a reality check.
I realized I was lost when I saw a police car with an insignia I didn't recognize.
I realized I was off my guard.
I realized I wasn't ready.
I realized Tom and Mary were right.
I realized Tom didn't like me much.
I realized Tom had to do that.
I realized Tom was right.
I realized Tom wasn't joking.
I realized Tom wasn't laughing and wondered what was wrong.
I realized after I finished eating.
I realized early on.
I realized even though I wanted to eat, I didn't have enough time.
I realized he was right.
I realized how fortunate I was and how many second chances life has given me.
I realized how rare happy people were.
I realized how stupid I was.
I realized it only then.
I realized it was a mistake as soon as I did it.
I realized it was a mistake as soon as I did that.
I realized it was a mistake.
I realized it wasn't for me.
I realized later that I shouldn't have done that.
I realized later that the person I was talking to wasn't Tom.
I realized my father's dream.
I realized one month had passed without my making good my promise.
I realized only then where it was going.
I realized something about American children.
I realized something was terribly wrong.
I realized something was very wrong.
I realized something was wrong.
I realized that I can't win.
I realized that I couldn't beat him in math.
I realized that I couldn't win.
I realized that I couldn’t beat him in math.
I realized that I didn't have to do that.
I realized that I didn't need to do that.
I realized that I didn't understand anything.
I realized that I didn't want to spend any more time dealing with that problem.
I realized that I didn’t want to spend any more time dealing with that problem.
I realized that I had grown up when I started heeding my parents' advice.
I realized that I needed help.
I realized that I needed to study French a little harder.
I realized that I was being followed.
I realized that I was probably not going to be able to do that.
I realized that I wasn't ready.
I realized that Taninna cannot be in my life.
I realized that Tom didn't like me much.
I realized that Tom was right.
I realized that Tom wasn't joking.
I realized that Tom wasn't laughing and wondered what was wrong.
I realized that box was empty.
I realized that cats can see in the dark.
I realized that even though I wanted to eat, I didn't have enough time.
I realized that even though I wanted to eat, I didn’t have enough time.
I realized that he knew more than he wanted me to believe.
I realized that he wasn't joking.
I realized that his exposure to these books has really expanded his vocabulary.
I realized that it was a mistake.
I realized that it wasn't for me.
I realized that my zip was undone.
I realized that on Tatoeba, only three or four people are involved with the Kabyle language. I wonder why?
I realized that putting this thing into practice was hard.
I realized that something was very wrong.
I realized that something was wrong.
I realized that that box was empty.
I realized that the transfer of a human brain from an organic body to a complex artificial space ship would not involve the loss of the intellectualization faculty of the mind.
I realized that this would never work.
I realized that too late.
I realized that what I had chosen didn't really interest me.
I realized that what I had chosen didn’t really interest me.
I realized that, having fallen asleep, I had missed my stop.
I realized the whole job is sitting in the office by yourself.
I realized then that this awful cellar was the only place that could save our lives.
I realized this would never work.
I realized too late that I needed Tom's help.
I realized too late that I needed Tom’s help.
I realized we broke up for a reason.
I realized what my mistake was.
I realized what was going on.
I realized what was happening.
I realized when I opened it.
I really admire Tom's ability to answer questions.
I really admire Tom's ability to focus on his work, no matter what's going on around him.
I really admire Tom's ability to get people to do things.
I really admire Tom's ability to get people to work together.
I really admire Tom's ability to stay calm under pressure.
I really admire Tom.
I really admire William's dedication to his work.
I really admire the way Tom deals with difficult customers.
I really admire this guy.
I really admire you.
I really admire your courage.
I really agree with what you're saying.
I really agree with what you’re saying.
I really agree with you.
I really am ashamed.
I really am busy.
I really am getting married.
I really am glad you're here.
I really am interested.
I really am sorry.
I really am sure.
I really am unlucky!
I really am very busy, Tom.
I really am very busy.
I really am very hungry.
I really am very proud of you.
I really am very thirsty.
I really am very tired.
I really appreciate Tom.
I really appreciate all of your help.
I really appreciate all the trouble you've gone to.
I really appreciate all the trouble you’ve gone to.
I really appreciate all your help.
I really appreciate everything you've done for me.
I really appreciate everything you've done for us.
I really appreciate him!
I really appreciate it, Tom.
I really appreciate it.
I really appreciate our friendship.
I really appreciate that you think of me that way.
I really appreciate that.
I really appreciate the fact that you like me just the way I am.
I really appreciate the help you've given me over the years.
I really appreciate the invitation, but I won't be able to go.
I really appreciate the offer.
I really appreciate this.
I really appreciate what you did for me.
I really appreciate what you've done for me.
I really appreciate what you've done.
I really appreciate what you’ve done.
I really appreciate you being there for me.
I really appreciate you correcting my mistakes.
I really appreciate you doing that for me.
I really appreciate you helping me out.
I really appreciate you helping me.
I really appreciate you letting me use your apartment.
I really appreciate you letting me use your house.
I really appreciate you meeting with me.
I really appreciate you picking me up.
I really appreciate you saying that.
I really appreciate you translating my sentences to French.
I really appreciate you're doing this to me.
I really appreciate your advice.
I really appreciate your attitude.
I really appreciate your care in washing the dishes.
I really appreciate your coming.
I really appreciate your company.
I really appreciate your cooperation.
I really appreciate your doing that for me.
I really appreciate your doing this for me.
I really appreciate your help.
I really appreciate your kindness.
I really appreciate your offer to drive me to the station.
I really appreciate your offer to help me clean out my garage.
I really appreciate your offer.
I really appreciate your support.
I really appreciate your visit.
I really appreciate your willingness to testify.
I really appreciated it.
I really appreciated that.
I really appreciated what you said at this morning's meeting.
I really appreciated your help yesterday afternoon.
I really ate too much.
I really believe in God now, more than ever before.
I really believe in God.
I really believe in you.
I really believe it.
I really believe that that'll happen.
I really believe that won't happen.
I really believe that'll happen.
I really believe that's going to happen.
I really believe that.
I really believe you mean that.
I really believed it would work.
I really can't accept this.
I really can't afford to buy this dress.
I really can't afford to spend so much.
I really can't be late.
I really can't come to Australia next week.
I really can't come to Boston next week.
I really can't comment on that right now.
I really can't comment on that.
I really can't deal with that right now, OK?
I really can't deal with that right now.
I really can't do that.
I really can't explain why.
I really can't figure it out.
I really can't figure out why.
I really can't help you.
I really can't leave right now.
I really can't make any promises.
I really can't refuse.
I really can't remember people's names, but I don't forget faces.
I really can't remember.
I really can't say that my mother cooks well. For seasoning as well, I prefer the way my wife cooks. But despite this, I want her to teach me. To teach me that taste that I tasted when I was a child.
I really can't sing any more tonight.
I really can't speak French very well.
I really can't stand kids.
I really can't take it anymore.
I really can't take no for an answer.
I really can't talk about it now.
I really can't talk about that now.
I really can't talk about this.
I really can't talk right now.
I really can't talk.
I really can't tell the difference.
I really can't thank you enough that you're doing this for me.
I really can't top that.
I really can't understand it.
I really can't understand modern sculpture.
I really can't wait any longer.
I really cannot find any error in his theory.
I really can’t remember people’s names, but I don’t forget faces.
I really can’t understand modern sculpture.
I really care about Algeria.
I really care about Tom.
I really care about him.
I really care about it.
I really care about you.
I really care.
I really could use a drink.
I really could use my computer now.
I really couldn't believe it.
I really couldn't care less!
I really couldn't have done this without you.
I really couldn't imagine that happening.
I really couldn't understand what was being said.
I really did have a great time.
I really did learn a lot.
I really did love Tom at one point in time.
I really did see something.
I really did that.
I really did well.
I really didn't care anymore.
I really didn't care, you know?
I really didn't care.
I really didn't do much.
I really didn't even notice.
I really didn't expect Tom to succeed.
I really didn't expect that to happen.
I really didn't have a plan.
I really didn't have any money.
I really didn't have time.
I really didn't know what to do.
I really didn't let it get to me.
I really didn't like that.
I really didn't mean any of what I said yesterday.
I really didn't mean for this to happen.
I really didn't mean to hurt you.
I really didn't mean to upset you.
I really didn't need this today.
I really didn't say everything I said.
I really didn't see it coming.
I really didn't think I was likable to anyone anymore.
I really didn't think anyone could like me anymore.
I really didn't think much of it.
I really didn't think this animal would come out of the water.
I really didn't understand it.
I really didn't understand.
I really didn't want to bother you again.
I really didn't want to go to work today.
I really didn't want to go to work yesterday.
I really didn't want to play in Tom's band.
I really didn't want to play tag with Tom and his friends.
I really didn't want to play tennis with Tom.
I really didn't want to play.
I really dig that singer.
I really dislike Tom.
I really dislike chicken.
I really dislike people that bully newcomers.
I really dislike people that tease newcomers.
I really dislike the rainy days.
I really do appreciate all your hard work.
I really do appreciate it.
I really do appreciate your hard work.
I really do believe Tom and Mary know who stole my wallet.
I really do believe Tom knows who stole my wallet.
I really do believe he was a great man.
I really do believe that won't happen.
I really do care.
I really do enjoy it.
I really do feel phenomenal now.
I really do feel sorry for Tom.
I really do hate Tom.
I really do hate her.
I really do hate him.
I really do hate it.
I really do hate that.
I really do hate the way Tom makes spaghetti.
I really do hate the way Tom sings.
I really do hate them.
I really do hate these.
I really do hate this.
I really do hate those.
I really do hate you.
I really do have a problem.
I really do have to get back to work.
I really do have to go.
I really do hope Tom gets well soon.
I really do hope that Tom gets well soon.
I really do hope that doesn't happen to us.
I really do hope that doesn't happen.
I really do hope that that doesn't happen to us.
I really do hope that that doesn't happen.
I really do hope that you can come to my party.
I really do hope that you can come.
I really do hope that you'll do that without complaining.
I really do hope that you've learned your lesson.
I really do hope we can still be friends.
I really do hope you can come to my party.
I really do hope you can come.
I really do hope you've learned your lesson.
I really do just want to go.
I really do like Australia.
I really do like Boston.
I really do like Christmas.
I really do like Italian movies very much.
I really do like Tom.
I really do like it a lot.
I really do like it.
I really do like the village.
I really do like you a lot.
I really do like you.
I really do like your ideas.
I really do love Australia.
I really do love Boston.
I really do love it.
I really do love to travel!
I really do love to travel.
I really do love you.
I really do love your tie.
I really do miss Australia.
I really do miss Boston.
I really do miss my parents a lot.
I really do need a vacation.
I really do need to speak with Tom.
I really do need to speak with you.
I really do need your help.
I really do not want to go.
I really do think that.
I really do want Tom to be happy.
I really do want that.
I really do want to devote some more time to studying French.
I really do want to get to know Tom better.
I really do want to get to know you better.
I really do want to help Tom.
I really do want to help her.
I really do want to help him.
I really do want to help them.
I really do want to help you.
I really do want to marry you.
I really do want you to talk to Tom.
I really do wish you could come with us.
I really do wish you hadn't done that.
I really do wish you'd be quiet.
I really do wish you'd help us.
I really do wish you'd just shut up.
I really do wish you'd leave.
I really don't believe it.
I really don't believe so.
I really don't believe that.
I really don't care anymore.
I really don't care if Tom does that or not.
I really don't care if you do that or not.
I really don't care what Tom and Mary think.
I really don't care what Tom thinks.
I really don't care what happens.
I really don't care what he says.
I really don't care what went on.
I really don't care whether Tom does that or not.
I really don't care whether you do that or not.
I really don't care who wins.
I really don't care.
I really don't do that anymore.
I really don't envy you.
I really don't feel good.
I really don't feel like doing that now.
I really don't feel like doing that today.
I really don't feel like doing that.
I really don't feel like it.
I really don't feel like seeing Tom.
I really don't feel like talking right now.
I really don't feel like talking to Tom right now.
I really don't feel like talking.
I really don't feel the cold.
I really don't feel well.
I really don't get why you're so upset.
I really don't get you.
I really don't have a choice.
I really don't have a lot of money.
I really don't have an answer.
I really don't have an appetite today.
I really don't have an opinion about it.
I really don't have any questions.
I really don't have anyone to blame except myself.
I really don't have anything else to say.
I really don't have enough money.
I really don't have much choice, do I?
I really don't have much choice.
I really don't have much time.
I really don't have patience for this.
I really don't have the time to do that right now.
I really don't have the time.
I really don't have time for this right now.
I really don't have time for this.
I really don't have time to deal with this right now.
I really don't have time to listen to you right now.
I really don't know Tom that well.
I really don't know Tom very well.
I really don't know Tom.
I really don't know anything about it.
I really don't know anything about that.
I really don't know at all what the situation is like in my country.
I really don't know her.
I really don't know him.
I really don't know how I can thank you.
I really don't know how many songs I've written.
I really don't know how often Tom goes there.
I really don't know how this works.
I really don't know how to dance.
I really don't know how to do that.
I really don't know how to tell you this.
I really don't know if I want to see it.
I really don't know much about that.
I really don't know that woman.
I really don't know them.
I really don't know this anymore.
I really don't know those guys.
I really don't know what happened.
I really don't know what that creature was.
I really don't know what to do.
I really don't know what to say here.
I really don't know what to say.
I really don't know what to suggest.
I really don't know what you're talking about.
I really don't know what's going to happen.
I really don't know where Tom is.
I really don't know where to start.
I really don't know why I'm so tired.
I really don't know why that happened.
I really don't know with whom Tom was there.
I really don't know.
I really don't like Apple products.
I really don't like Tom.
I really don't like anything about you.
I really don't like cats.
I really don't like chicken.
I really don't like chickens.
I really don't like children.
I really don't like cleaning up.
I really don't like cockroaches.
I really don't like dogs.
I really don't like doing that.
I really don't like dress codes.
I really don't like goat cheese at all.
I really don't like going to school.
I really don't like him.
I really don't like kids.
I really don't like liars.
I really don't like playing tennis.
I really don't like seeing pictures of skin being pierced.
I really don't like spaghetti the way Tom and Mary make it.
I really don't like spaghetti the way Tom makes it.
I really don't like speaking French.
I really don't like swimming.
I really don't like the way Sami is looking at me.
I really don't like the way Tom does that.
I really don't like things like that.
I really don't like this.
I really don't like to lose.
I really don't like to use this word.
I really don't like you.
I really don't mind doing this.
I really don't mind the rain.
I really don't mind who wins.
I really don't need any help.
I really don't need anyone to defend me.
I really don't need help.
I really don't recommend doing that now.
I really don't recommend that today.
I really don't remember it.
I really don't remember.
I really don't see any advantage.
I really don't see any of these things being my career.
I really don't see the point.
I really don't sing.
I really don't think I can do that.
I really don't think I can swim to that island.
I really don't think I can take care of myself.
I really don't think I need to do that.
I really don't think Tom and Mary are going to go.
I really don't think Tom and Mary have to do that.
I really don't think Tom and Mary need to do that.
I really don't think Tom and Mary want to do that.
I really don't think Tom did it.
I really don't think Tom did that, but maybe he did.
I really don't think Tom did that.
I really don't think Tom had to do that.
I really don't think Tom has to do that.
I really don't think Tom is going to go.
I really don't think Tom needed to do that.
I really don't think Tom needs to do that.
I really don't think Tom wanted to do that.
I really don't think Tom wants to do that.
I really don't think Tom will go.
I really don't think it works.
I really don't think it's over.
I really don't think so.
I really don't think that I can do that.
I really don't think that I can take care of myself.
I really don't think that Tom did that, but maybe he did.
I really don't think that Tom is going to go.
I really don't think that Tom needs to do that.
I really don't think that Tom wants to do that.
I really don't think that it works.
I really don't think that this is of any importance to us.
I really don't think that you'd understand.
I really don't think that'll be necessary.
I really don't think that's a good idea.
I really don't think that's necessary.
I really don't think we need this.
I really don't think you'd understand.
I really don't think you've got anything to worry about.
I really don't understand French.
I really don't understand anything.
I really don't understand the plan they presented.
I really don't understand the question.
I really don't understand these kids and their "face books". Back in my day, we read real books. They had no battery life, and they wouldn't break if you dropped them. Don't get me started! In the winter, we had to walk to school in two feet of snow, uphill both ways.
I really don't understand this problem.
I really don't understand what all the commotion is about.
I really don't understand what he means by that.
I really don't understand what you're saying to me.
I really don't understand what you're talking about.
I really don't understand what's so funny.
I really don't understand what's up with her.
I really don't understand why Tom did that.
I really don't understand why Tom didn't do that.
I really don't understand why that happened.
I really don't understand why this is happening.
I really don't understand why you have this kind of thinking.
I really don't understand why you think that's a good idea.
I really don't understand why.
I really don't understand women.
I really don't understand you.
I really don't understand.
I really don't use Twitter much.
I really don't want a battle.
I really don't want anything to eat at the moment.
I really don't want anything to eat right now.
I really don't want it.
I really don't want my parents to go to jail.
I really don't want the kids left alone now.
I really don't want to be alone tonight.
I really don't want to be here.
I really don't want to bother you.
I really don't want to cause you a heartache by dumping you for someone else.
I really don't want to clean my room.
I really don't want to cry.
I really don't want to dance.
I really don't want to disappoint Tom.
I really don't want to do that.
I really don't want to do this.
I really don't want to eat anything at the moment.
I really don't want to eat right now.
I really don't want to get any first-degree burns.
I really don't want to get into it.
I really don't want to get into this.
I really don't want to go back to jail.
I really don't want to go out on a date with Mary.
I really don't want to go there alone.
I really don't want to go there.
I really don't want to go to Boston with Tom.
I really don't want to go to school today.
I really don't want to go.
I really don't want to hurt you.
I really don't want to live here.
I really don't want to live in Australia.
I really don't want to live in Boston.
I really don't want to miss that.
I really don't want to play.
I really don't want to sing.
I really don't want to sit in that room.
I really don't want to sit in the back of the bus.
I really don't want to talk about it.
I really don't want to talk about this.
I really don't want to talk to you.
I really don't want to tell Tom where I was.
I really don't want to walk there if I don't have to.
I really don't want you to do childish things.
I really don't want you to do that.
I really don't want you to go.
I really don’t have an opinion about it.
I really don’t know much about that.
I really don’t know where I put the keys.
I really don’t know which one to choose. I like all of them.
I really don’t know which one to choose. I like them all.
I really don’t know which one to choose. I like them both.
I really don’t like Apple products.
I really don’t understand the plan they presented.
I really don’t understand this problem.
I really don’t understand what’s up with her.
I really doubt Tom would be interested in investing in such a project.
I really doubt it.
I really doubt that Tom would be interested in investing in such a project.
I really doubt that.
I really dream of such a tree in my garden.
I really encourage you to go visit Algeria.
I really encourage you to read that book.
I really enjoy being here.
I really enjoy biking.
I really enjoy coming here.
I really enjoy cooking for Tom.
I really enjoy cycling.
I really enjoy dancing.
I really enjoy doing that.
I really enjoy doing this.
I really enjoy driving.
I really enjoy golf.
I really enjoy hanging out with Tom.
I really enjoy hanging out with you.
I really enjoy helping disabled people.
I really enjoy hiking.
I really enjoy horseback riding.
I really enjoy it a lot.
I really enjoy it.
I really enjoy learning Berber.
I really enjoy learning another language.
I really enjoy learning languages.
I really enjoy learning other languages.
I really enjoy mountain climbing.
I really enjoy playing basketball.
I really enjoy playing golf.
I really enjoy playing miniature golf.
I really enjoy playing putt-putt golf.
I really enjoy playing putt-putt.
I really enjoy playing tennis.
I really enjoy skiing.
I really enjoy speaking to you.
I really enjoy spending time with you.
I really enjoy studying French.
I really enjoy surfing.
I really enjoy swimming.
I really enjoy taking advantage of those who don't understand Chinese.
I really enjoy talking to you.
I really enjoy talking with you.
I really enjoy tennis.
I really enjoy the climate.
I really enjoy the fine, granular control of formatting provided by LaTeX.
I really enjoy the time I spend with my family.
I really enjoy this stuff.
I really enjoy watching Premier League matches.
I really enjoy what I do.
I really enjoy working in my yard.
I really enjoy working with Tom.
I really enjoy working with you.
I really enjoy writing songs with Tom.
I really enjoy writing songs.
I really enjoy your accurate questions.
I really enjoy your company.
I really enjoy your posts.
I really enjoyed Lakhdar Benkoula's performance last night.
I really enjoyed being here.
I really enjoyed being there.
I really enjoyed betting in Las Vegas.
I really enjoyed doing that.
I really enjoyed doing this with you.
I really enjoyed doing this.
I really enjoyed eating out while I was in Boston.
I really enjoyed hanging out with you.
I really enjoyed it.
I really enjoyed last night.
I really enjoyed my French classes in high school.
I really enjoyed my first dinner with Tom.
I really enjoyed my stay in Finland, and wish I could return there as soon as possible.
I really enjoyed my time in Australia.
I really enjoyed my time in Boston.
I really enjoyed myself at the party.
I really enjoyed myself tonight.
I really enjoyed myself.
I really enjoyed our dinner.
I really enjoyed reading that book you gave me last week.
I really enjoyed reading that.
I really enjoyed reading these books.
I really enjoyed reading this book.
I really enjoyed reading your story.
I really enjoyed spending time with you.
I really enjoyed taking French classes.
I really enjoyed talking to you.
I really enjoyed talking with Tom.
I really enjoyed talking with you.
I really enjoyed that movie.
I really enjoyed that.
I really enjoyed the beefsteak you served, not to mention the other dishes.
I really enjoyed the class.
I really enjoyed the film.
I really enjoyed the meal.
I really enjoyed the movie.
I really enjoyed the party.
I really enjoyed the picnic.
I really enjoyed the play.
I really enjoyed the pretzels and the mulled wine with cinnamon.
I really enjoyed the show.
I really enjoyed the talk we had about politics.
I really enjoyed the time we spent together.
I really enjoyed the trip.
I really enjoyed the way Daniel played the drums in Katatonia.
I really enjoyed this book.
I really enjoyed this week.
I really enjoyed translating your book into French.
I really enjoyed using this website for learning Berber.
I really enjoyed watching you dance.
I really enjoyed writing this book.
I really enjoyed yesterday.
I really enjoyed your class.
I really enjoyed your company.
I really enjoyed your talk about Islam.
I really expect to win.
I really fancy a drink right now, I've been dying of thirst for the whole morning at least.
I really fancy a walk today.
I really feel at one with nature.
I really feel bad about it.
I really feel bad.
I really feel for you.
I really feel home here in Algiers.
I really feel hurt.
I really feel it's a red herring.
I really feel like I learned something worthwhile today.
I really feel like I missed my chance.
I really feel like a beer.
I really feel like crying right now.
I really feel like drinking beer.
I really feel like eating Chinese food tonight.
I really feel like eating carrot halwa.
I really feel like going for a walk today.
I really feel like we should split from each other. This is very good.
I really feel like we're on the same wavelength.
I really feel sad for Tom.
I really feel sore after all the work we did this afternoon.
I really feel sorry for Tom.
I really feel sorry for that old man who lives alone and has no family.
I really feel terrible.
I really feel this is unfair.
I really feel tired.
I really feel very good.
I really feel very happy.
I really fell for her.
I really felt bad this morning.
I really felt good.
I really felt rotten this morning.
I really fucked it up.
I really fucked up.
I really got depressed.
I really got my hands dirty.
I really got used to the routine.
I really gotta piss.
I really had a crush.
I really had a good time at her party.
I really had a good time today.
I really had a good time.
I really had a great time with you tonight.
I really had a hard time leaving.
I really had an enjoyable childhood.
I really had fun.
I really had to run for it to catch the train.
I really hate Tom.
I really hate being alone.
I really hate dairy products.
I really hate eating alone.
I really hate her.
I really hate him.
I really hate his dirty jokes.
I really hate it when people stare at me.
I really hate it when you call me that.
I really hate it.
I really hate job hunting.
I really hate myself right now.
I really hate people that bully newcomers.
I really hate people that tease newcomers.
I really hate people who cut in line.
I really hate people who pick on people weaker than them.
I really hate snakes.
I really hate that.
I really hate them.
I really hate this.
I really hate those.
I really hate to see you in such pain.
I really hate when you call me that.
I really hate winter because I'm not able to write easily.
I really hate you.
I really hated you when we were both in high school.
I really have a bad feeling about this.
I really have a great mess.
I really have a problem.
I really have missed you.
I really have never seen it.
I really have no expectations from you, as most of you are really not intelligent.
I really have no idea what I'm supposed to be doing.
I really have no idea what I'm supposed to do.
I really have no idea what Tom likes.
I really have no idea what Tom wants to do.
I really have no idea.
I really have no time.
I really have nothing else to say.
I really have to be going now.
I really have to be going.
I really have to be there by 2:30.
I really have to choose the lesser of two evils.
I really have to do this on my own.
I really have to do this right now.
I really have to do this work today.
I really have to eat something.
I really have to find my passport.
I really have to finish my homework.
I really have to fix my leaky ceiling one of these days.
I really have to fix my leaky ceiling.
I really have to get back to the office.
I really have to get back to work now.
I really have to get going.
I really have to get this done today.
I really have to go now.
I really have to go to bed.
I really have to go to sleep.
I really have to go to the bathroom!
I really have to go.
I really have to leave.
I really have to take this call.
I really have to talk to Tom.
I really have to think about this a bit more.
I really haven't been to Boston.
I really haven't thought that far ahead.
I really helped Tom a lot, I think.
I really hope I don't have to do that.
I really hope I don't have to face a traffic jam.
I really hope I don't need to do that again.
I really hope I don't need to do that.
I really hope I find my keys soon.
I really hope I'm wrong.
I really hope Mr. Jackson is my French teacher next year.
I really hope Robert's dad didn't punish him for that.
I really hope Tom Jackson doesn't get elected.
I really hope Tom and Mary are happy here.
I really hope Tom and Mary are right.
I really hope Tom and Mary come back.
I really hope Tom comes back.
I really hope Tom doesn't do that.
I really hope Tom doesn't get out of prison.
I really hope Tom finds Mary.
I really hope Tom is found quickly.
I really hope Tom is happy here.
I really hope Tom is here.
I really hope Tom is right.
I really hope Tom will be able to do that.
I really hope Tom wins.
I really hope it doesn't rain tomorrow.
I really hope it works out this time.
I really hope it's nothing serious.
I really hope no one does that.
I really hope no one saw that.
I really hope no one saw us doing that.
I really hope nobody does that.
I really hope nobody saw that.
I really hope nobody saw us doing that.
I really hope not.
I really hope one of us gets the award.
I really hope so.
I really hope that I can speak authentic Chinese.
I really hope that I'm wrong.
I really hope that Mr. Jackson is my French teacher next year.
I really hope that Tom comes back.
I really hope that Tom doesn't do that.
I really hope that Tom doesn't get out of prison.
I really hope that Tom finds Mary.
I really hope that Tom is found quickly.
I really hope that Tom is here.
I really hope that Tom will come back.
I really hope that doesn't happen.
I really hope that happens this time.
I really hope that happens.
I really hope that it doesn't rain tomorrow.
I really hope that it works out this time.
I really hope that no one saw us doing that.
I really hope that nobody saw us doing that.
I really hope that that doesn't happen.
I really hope that that happens this time.
I really hope that that happens.
I really hope that this helps.
I really hope that this isn't some kind of hoax.
I really hope that we don't lose.
I really hope that you can visit us again.
I really hope that you didn't drink that water.
I really hope that you voted for Tom.
I really hope that you will come.
I really hope the gift cheers Sami up.
I really hope there is an archive.
I really hope they can live happily ever after as husband and wife.
I really hope they will be found.
I really hope they'll find them.
I really hope things work out for you.
I really hope this helps.
I really hope this is not some kind of hoax.
I really hope this isn't some kind of hoax.
I really hope we don't lose.
I really hope we get snow this winter.
I really hope you can come.
I really hope you can visit us again.
I really hope you didn't drink that water.
I really hope you don't get sick.
I really hope you guys don't feel that way.
I really hope you understand me.
I really hope you voted for Tom.
I really hope you're kidding.
I really hope you're right.
I really hurried.
I really just don't know.
I really just don't like Christmas music.
I really just want to make friends.
I really just want to talk.
I really just wanted to talk to you.
I really know nothing more criminal, more mean, and more ridiculous than lying.
I really know what he said.
I really like Australia a lot.
I really like Australia.
I really like Boston a lot.
I really like Boston.
I really like China.
I really like Chinese food.
I really like French a lot.
I really like French cooking.
I really like French.
I really like Google Drive.
I really like Hebrew.
I really like Hokkaido.
I really like Jiro Akagawa's novels.
I really like Jiro Akagawa’s novels.
I really like Kabylie.
I really like Madonna's most Japanesque music videos, "Rain" and "Nothing Really Matters."
I really like Mary, but I'm not sure I want to marry her.
I really like Mary, but I'm not sure that I love her.
I really like Mary.
I really like Scatman's theme.
I really like TV.
I really like Tatoeba.
I really like Tom a lot.
I really like Tom's voice in this song.
I really like Tom, but I'm not sure I want to marry him.
I really like Tom, but I'm not sure that I love him.
I really like Tom.
I really like Westerns that don't shy away from the racial and sexual politics of the period.
I really like Zidane's work with Real Madrid.
I really like a cloudy sky. Why? I don't even know.
I really like adventures.
I really like basketball.
I really like being Kabyle.
I really like being alone.
I really like being here.
I really like being married to you.
I really like being with Tom.
I really like being with you.
I really like biking.
I really like black cats.
I really like blackberries.
I really like blueberry ice cream.
I really like books about languages.
I really like calpas sausage.
I really like cats.
I really like chess.
I really like chips.
I really like city life.
I really like classical music.
I really like coffee.
I really like coming here.
I really like cookies n' cream ice cream.
I really like cooking.
I really like cycling.
I really like decasyllabic verses in poetry.
I really like dogs.
I really like doing that.
I really like doing this.
I really like doing those things.
I really like donuts.
I really like doughnuts.
I really like drinking wine.
I really like drinking.
I really like driving this car.
I really like driving.
I really like eating egg sandwiches.
I really like eating seafood.
I really like fishing.
I really like football.
I really like fruit smoothies.
I really like garlic.
I really like going to movies.
I really like green peppers.
I really like hanging out with Tom.
I really like hanging out with you.
I really like hard boiled eggs.
I really like hard-boiled eggs.
I really like helping people.
I really like her a lot.
I really like her songs.
I really like her, but I'm not sure that I love her.
I really like her, but sometimes she really gets on my nerves.
I really like her.
I really like hiking.
I really like him a lot.
I really like him!
I really like him, but not his circle of friends.
I really like him.
I really like his dick.
I really like his kitchen.
I really like his performances.
I really like his songs.
I really like hot dogs.
I really like how books smell.
I really like how empathetic Tom is.
I really like how mindful and empathetic the Japanese are of others and of the community as a whole.
I really like indulging myself.
I really like it here in Australia.
I really like it here in Boston.
I really like it here.
I really like it when you say my name.
I really like it when you smile at me.
I really like it, too.
I really like it.
I really like jogging.
I really like kittens.
I really like lasagna.
I really like learning about these things.
I really like listening to you.
I really like living here.
I really like living in Boston.
I really like meatballs with pasta.
I really like money.
I really like mountain climbing.
I really like my French class.
I really like my French teacher.
I really like my coworkers.
I really like my daughter-in-law.
I really like my godmother.
I really like my house.
I really like my in-laws.
I really like my job.
I really like my new furniture for my atrium.
I really like my teammates.
I really like my work.
I really like opera.
I really like owls.
I really like oysters.
I really like pampering myself.
I really like pancakes with jam.
I really like pear juice.
I really like peonies.
I really like pizza.
I really like playing baseball.
I really like playing chess with Tom.
I really like puppies.
I really like reading your blog.
I really like reading.
I really like red meat.
I really like red sportscars.
I really like red.
I really like riding buses.
I really like riding horses.
I really like riding motorcycles.
I really like riding my bicycle.
I really like riding my bike to school.
I really like riding.
I really like robots.
I really like running.
I really like seafood.
I really like sleeping under the stars.
I really like snow.
I really like spending time with you.
I really like staying home.
I really like strawberries a lot.
I really like strawberries.
I really like studying French.
I really like studying foreign languages.
I really like studying languages.
I really like studying various languages at the same time.
I really like summer.
I really like summer. In fact, it's my favourite week of the year.
I really like sweet pineapple.
I really like swimming a lot.
I really like swimming.
I really like taking care of animals.
I really like talking about this kind of stuff.
I really like talking to people in different languages.
I really like talking to you.
I really like talking with Tom.
I really like talking with her.
I really like talking with you.
I really like telling jokes.
I really like ten-syllable verses in poetry.
I really like tennis.
I really like that Tom is empathetic.
I really like that about Tom.
I really like that car.
I really like that dress.
I really like that feeling.
I really like that girl.
I really like that guy.
I really like that singer.
I really like that yellow on my team's goalkeeper's uniform.
I really like that.
I really like the Sun.
I really like the Tatoeba website.
I really like the color of your shirt.
I really like the concept of this website.
I really like the crisp texture of gizzards.
I really like the films that are shown at the Cannes Festival.
I really like the furniture store. It's like Disneyland!
I really like the language I'm learning.
I really like the music in this elevator.
I really like the olive soaps I bought in Hatay. They are not cheap, though.
I really like the operas of Giuseppe Verdi.
I really like the pandas on your onesie.
I really like the people I talked to in the village appart from Yidir's son.
I really like the people I work with.
I really like the snow. It's just so pretty!
I really like the song that Tom wrote.
I really like the songs you write.
I really like the sound and rhythm of your translation.
I really like the sound of French.
I really like the sound of Toki Pona.
I really like the sound of a harpsichord.
I really like the sound of the harpsichord.
I really like the style of this singer.
I really like the sun.
I really like the technique called chiaroscuro.
I really like the village.
I really like the way Tom does that.
I really like the way Tom plays the piano.
I really like the way Tom thinks.
I really like the way she speaks.
I really like the way that Tom does that.
I really like the way that Tom plays the piano.
I really like the way you do that.
I really like the way you do this.
I really like the way your hair looks.
I really like the word "credible".
I really like their mascot.
I really like them a lot.
I really like them.
I really like these stories.
I really like this album.
I really like this answer.
I really like this beach.
I really like this book but I guess it is worlds apart from what the real situation is.
I really like this book.
I really like this car.
I really like this chair.
I really like this cold weather.
I really like this country.
I really like this couscous.
I really like this dog.
I really like this fruit.
I really like this guy.
I really like this house.
I really like this kind of music.
I really like this old part of town.
I really like this one.
I really like this part of town.
I really like this photo.
I really like this picture of you.
I really like this picture.
I really like this place.
I really like this quote.
I really like this restaurant.
I really like this shirt.
I really like this singer.
I really like this skirt, can I try it on?
I really like this skirt. Can I try it on?
I really like this song.
I really like this story.
I really like this team.
I really like this video.
I really like this weather.
I really like this wine a lot.
I really like this word.
I really like this.
I really like to buy books.
I really like to challenge myself.
I really like to dance.
I really like to eat bread.
I really like to help people.
I really like to play football.
I really like to read.
I really like to study foreign languages.
I really like to travel.
I really like to watch Power Rangers!
I really like toast.
I really like trains.
I really like translating your sentences.
I really like traveling by ship.
I really like traveling.
I really like travelling by ship.
I really like travelling.
I really like treating myself.
I really like tulips.
I really like visiting you.
I really like watching TV.
I really like wearing a hat.
I really like wearing hats.
I really like what I do.
I really like what Tom wrote.
I really like what he wrote.
I really like wind surfing.
I really like working here.
I really like working in groups.
I really like working independently.
I really like working with Tom.
I really like working with people.
I really like writing.
I really like writing. Do you?
I really like you a lot.
I really like you new car.
I really like you with a beard.
I really like you!
I really like you, Mennad.
I really like you, Tom.
I really like you, too.
I really like you.
I really like you. Can you go on a date with me?
I really like your Kabyle dress.
I really like your company.
I really like your eyes.
I really like your friends.
I really like your handbag.
I really like your idea.
I really like your music.
I really like your outfit.
I really like your paintings.
I really like your personality.
I really like your place.
I really like your plushies. Is that one Sonic?
I really like your sense of humor.
I really like your shoes.
I really like your sister.
I really like your spaghetti.
I really like your sweater.
I really like your website.
I really like your work.
I really like yоur hоuse.
I really liked Boston.
I really liked Diyarbakir.
I really liked Kabylie.
I really liked Mr. Jackson's classes.
I really liked Tom's design.
I really liked Tom's performance.
I really liked Tom, too.
I really liked Tom.
I really liked attending that school. Every day, Gustavo would bring the guitar for us to play and sing during the break.
I really liked doing that.
I really liked her accent!
I really liked her.
I really liked him.
I really liked his style of performance.
I really liked his style of singing.
I really liked it there.
I really liked it.
I really liked my French teacher.
I really liked parachuting.
I really liked reading this book.
I really liked talking to Tom.
I really liked talking to her.
I really liked talking to him.
I really liked talking to them.
I really liked talking to you.
I really liked that film!
I really liked that film.
I really liked that house.
I really liked that kind of work.
I really liked that movie.
I really liked that picture.
I really liked that shirt. I should've bought it.
I really liked that.
I really liked the dance that we saw yesterday.
I really liked the dinner.
I really liked the gift you gave me.
I really liked the last song you sang.
I really liked the movie.
I really liked the soup.
I really liked the way you sang.
I really liked them.
I really liked this article.
I really liked this book.
I really liked this example.
I really liked those guys.
I really liked watching you dance.
I really liked what Tom said.
I really liked what you cooked for me.
I really liked what you said earlier.
I really liked you.
I really liked your outfit.
I really liked your story.
I really look forward to your visit in the near future.
I really look up to my English teacher, Mr Taniguchi.
I really look up to my French teacher.
I really looked up to Tom.
I really lost.
I really love Berber.
I really love Boston.
I really love Christmas Eve.
I really love French books.
I really love French things.
I really love French.
I really love Japanese.
I really love Kabylie.
I really love Mary.
I really love Russian.
I really love Tom so much.
I really love Tom.
I really love basketball.
I really love books in French.
I really love cats.
I really love coffee.
I really love coming here.
I really love dogs.
I really love doing that.
I really love flowers.
I really love flying.
I really love fog. It hides you from the world and the world from you.
I really love giraffes a lot.
I really love half-price sales.
I really love her older sister a lot.
I really love her younger sister a lot.
I really love her.
I really love him.
I really love his sister.
I really love languages. Thank you, Tatoeba!
I really love languages. Thanks to Tatoeba for making it possible to study and help people learn them.
I really love modern art.
I really love my blue pen.
I really love my grandmother.
I really love my job.
I really love my work.
I really love playing the guitar, but I don't like singing.
I really love reading books in French.
I really love roses.
I really love studying French.
I really love the fact you can hear his Geordie accent when he sings.
I really love the rugs.
I really love the sun.
I really love the way you speak.
I really love theater.
I really love this beach.
I really love this game.
I really love this photo.
I really love this place.
I really love this restaurant.
I really love this towel.
I really love this tune.
I really love this.
I really love those Kabyle dresses.
I really love watching anime and reading manga.
I really love what I do.
I really love working out.
I really love you.
I really love your eldest sister.
I really love your house.
I really love your smile.
I really loved Tom.
I really loved doing that.
I really loved her.
I really loved him.
I really loved learning Berber.
I really loved my job.
I really loved that car.
I really loved that woman.
I really loved the show.
I really loved them.
I really loved this book as a kid.
I really loved working here.
I really loved you.
I really mean it.
I really meant it.
I really meant what I said.
I really messed up.
I really misjudged you.
I really miss Algeria.
I really miss Algiers.
I really miss Australia.
I really miss Boston.
I really miss Jamal.
I really miss Kabylie.
I really miss Thai food.
I really miss Tom.
I really miss her.
I really miss him.
I really miss it.
I really miss my boyfriend.
I really miss my ex.
I really miss my girlfriend.
I really miss my husband.
I really miss my mom's cooking.
I really miss my mom.
I really miss my mother's cooking.
I really miss my mother.
I really miss my native Kabylie.
I really miss my wife.
I really miss seeing Algerians here in China.
I really miss seeing Algerians here.
I really miss that friend.
I really miss the old days.
I really miss them.
I really miss you a lot!
I really miss you a lot.
I really miss you all.
I really miss you when you're not here.
I really miss you.
I really missed it.
I really missed you guys.
I really missed you when you were in Australia.
I really missed you when you were in France.
I really missed you.
I really must be going.
I really must buy that radio next time I am in New York.
I really must finish this.
I really must go to bed.
I really must go to sleep.
I really must go.
I really must have my watch repaired.
I really must leave.
I really must say good-bye.
I really must speak to Tom about that.
I really need Tom.
I really need a cup of coffee.
I really need a drink now.
I really need a drink.
I really need a fix, man.
I really need a friend.
I really need a hot bath.
I really need a hug.
I really need a job.
I really need a massage.
I really need a vacation.
I really need an easy to carry dictionary that's compact.
I really need go get home.
I really need help.
I really need it.
I really need money urgently.
I really need money.
I really need more time.
I really need one of those.
I really need some advice from you.
I really need some help.
I really need some money.
I really need some space here.
I really need some tequila!
I really need that.
I really need the money.
I really need the pills for myself.
I really need this camera for my trip to Boston.
I really need this camera for my trip to Osaka.
I really need this job.
I really need this paycheck.
I really need this.
I really need those diapers now.
I really need to ask you a favor.
I really need to be alone right now.
I really need to catch the first train tomorrow morning.
I really need to do that.
I really need to do this.
I really need to eat some waffles, stat!
I really need to find Tom.
I really need to find a new job.
I really need to find another job.
I really need to find my key.
I really need to find my passport.
I really need to focus on this.
I really need to get a Samsung Galaxy.
I really need to get a haircut.
I really need to get back on the road.
I really need to get going.
I really need to get home.
I really need to get some sleep.
I really need to get something to eat.
I really need to get to Boston by Monday.
I really need to go home and catch some z's.
I really need to go home and catch some zees.
I really need to go outside and get some fresh air.
I really need to go to sleep.
I really need to go to the bathroom.
I really need to go.
I really need to hit somebody.
I really need to know this.
I really need to learn Berber.
I really need to learn French.
I really need to learn how to do that.
I really need to meet with him.
I really need to move on with my life.
I really need to read all this.
I really need to see Tom today.
I really need to see Tom.
I really need to see you. It's important.
I really need to sleep.
I really need to speak with you.
I really need to study tonight.
I really need to take a shower.
I really need to take care of some business.
I really need to talk to Tom sometime today.
I really need to talk to Tom.
I really need to talk to her.
I really need to talk to him.
I really need to talk to my boyfriend.
I really need to talk to someone.
I really need to talk to them.
I really need to talk to you about Tom.
I really need to talk to you privately.
I really need to talk to you today.
I really need to talk to you.
I really need to talk with someone.
I really need to talk with you.
I really need you in my life.
I really need you.
I really need your help here.
I really need your help on this one.
I really need your help.
I really need your opinion.
I really needed Tom there.
I really needed a laugh today.
I really needed it.
I really needed someone like Tom.
I really needed that.
I really needed this.
I really needed to breathe some fresh air.
I really needed to do that with you.
I really needed to do that.
I really needed to go.
I really needed to have a good cry at this point.
I really never liked Tom.
I really only told Tom.
I really opened up a can of worms, didn't I?
I really ought to buy a new car.
I really ought to get back to my office.
I really ought to go.
I really ought to stop writing so many confusing and roundabout sentences that - I am sure - no-one can begin to understand.
I really owe Tom a lot.
I really owe you an apology.
I really quit.
I really regret doing that.
I really regret going to Australia.
I really regret going to Boston.
I really regret kissing Tom.
I really regret lying.
I really regret not asking for help when I needed it.
I really regret not spending more time with my grandparents before they passed away.
I really regret not taking better care of my mental health.
I really regret taking my health for granted.
I really regret that I was absent.
I really regret that!
I really regret the times I didn’t stand up for myself.
I really regret what I did.
I really regret what I said to Tom yesterday.
I really regret what I said to her yesterday.
I really resent her for the situation.
I really respect Tom.
I really respect my teacher a lot.
I really respect you.
I really see no reason to leave.
I really see no reason to stay.
I really should be doing that right now.
I really should be getting home.
I really should be getting ready for my trip.
I really should be getting to bed.
I really should be going.
I really should be helping Tom and Mary do that.
I really should be helping Tom do that.
I really should be helping Tom.
I really should be in Australia now.
I really should be in Boston now.
I really should be in bed.
I really should buy a new car.
I really should do that now.
I really should do that.
I really should finish this right now.
I really should get some sleep.
I really should go to Australia to help Tom.
I really should go to Boston to help Tom.
I really should go.
I really should have been a little more patient.
I really should have called.
I really should have come!
I really should have done that.
I really should have eaten breakfast.
I really should have given Tom more help.
I really should have given Tom more money.
I really should have given Tom more time.
I really should have gone to Boston.
I really should have helped Tom do that.
I really should have helped Tom more.
I really should have helped Tom.
I really should have known that.
I really should have left earlier.
I really should have left early.
I really should have phoned.
I really should have rung.
I really should have stayed in Boston a little longer.
I really should have stayed where I was.
I really should have studied harder for the test.
I really should have told Tom not to do that.
I really should have told Tom not to go to Boston.
I really should have told Tom not to stay in Boston for another week.
I really should have told Tom to do that.
I really should have told Tom to visit Boston.
I really should have told Tom why he was supposed to do that.
I really should know the answer.
I really should learn English, but I want to watch a movie.
I really should leave.
I really should mop the floor.
I really should study French.
I really should tell Tom that.
I really should've been a little more patient.
I really should've called.
I really should've done that.
I really should've eaten breakfast.
I really should've given Tom more help.
I really should've given Tom more money.
I really should've given Tom more time.
I really should've gone to Australia.
I really should've gone to Boston.
I really should've helped Tom and Mary do that.
I really should've helped Tom do that.
I really should've helped Tom more.
I really should've helped Tom.
I really should've known that.
I really should've left earlier.
I really should've left early.
I really should've phoned.
I really should've stayed in Australia a little longer.
I really should've stayed in Australia longer.
I really should've stayed in Boston a little longer.
I really should've stayed in Boston longer.
I really should've stayed where I was.
I really should've studied harder for the test.
I really should've told Mary why she was supposed to do that.
I really should've told Tom and Mary why they were supposed to do that.
I really should've told Tom not to do that.
I really should've told Tom not to go to Boston.
I really should've told Tom not to stay in Boston for another week.
I really should've told Tom to do that.
I really should've told Tom to visit Australia.
I really should've told Tom to visit Boston.
I really should've told Tom why he was supposed to do that.
I really shouldn't ask, but could you get some tofu for me?
I really shouldn't ask, but could you go get some tofu for me?
I really shouldn't be doing this.
I really shouldn't be here right now.
I really shouldn't be here.
I really shouldn't complain, should I?
I really shouldn't do this.
I really shouldn't have eaten so much ice cream.
I really shouldn't have eaten so much.
I really shouldn't stay any longer.
I really shouldn't tell you.
I really shouldn’t ask, but could you go get some tofu for me?
I really smoked when I was young.
I really spoke too harshly.
I really started to enjoy learning Berber.
I really think English is difficult.
I really think I should drive.
I really think I'd like to be a minister's wife when I grow up.
I really think I'll drive you home.
I really think Tatoeba is a good tool for learners and have even suggested it for all my students.
I really think Tom and I are safe here.
I really think Tom deserved to win.
I really think Tom is improving a great deal.
I really think it won't happen again.
I really think it would be better not to stay here too long.
I really think it would be better to let Mary do that by herself.
I really think it would be better to let Tom and Mary do that by themselves.
I really think it would be better to let Tom do that by himself.
I really think it's possible.
I really think my gym teacher hated me.
I really think so.
I really think someone should stay here with Tom.
I really think that Tom and I are safe here.
I really think that it's possible.
I really think that that'll happen.
I really think that we could do that.
I really think that we shouldn't be doing this.
I really think that we shouldn't do that.
I really think that we, women, have an extra sense.
I really think that you need to talk to Tom.
I really think that you shouldn't do that.
I really think that'll happen.
I really think the woods are just as lovely in winter as in summer. They're so white and still, as if they were asleep and dreaming pretty dreams.
I really think they're good.
I really think this book is going to help you.
I really think this is the best way to do it.
I really think we can oversee this.
I really think we need to be honest with Tom.
I really think we need to talk.
I really think we should be honest with Tom.
I really think we should do this.
I really think we should have de-emphasized the "constantly drunk on duty" part of their eulogy.
I really think we should talk.
I really think we shouldn't be doing this.
I really think we shouldn't do that.
I really think we're safe here.
I really think you need to talk to Tom.
I really think you should come.
I really think you should leave.
I really think you should put some pants on.
I really think you should put some trousers on.
I really think you should stop doing that.
I really think you should stop drinking so much.
I really think you should stop smoking.
I really think you should try to relax.
I really think you shouldn't do that.
I really think you'd like Tom.
I really think you're great.
I really thought I could do it.
I really thought I could do that.
I really thought I'd win.
I really thought Sami would change his mind.
I really thought Tom and Mary were busy.
I really thought Tom and Mary were doctors.
I really thought Tom and Mary were happy.
I really thought Tom and Mary were hungry.
I really thought Tom had changed.
I really thought Tom liked me.
I really thought Tom was a doctor.
I really thought Tom was busy.
I really thought Tom was dead.
I really thought Tom was going to do that.
I really thought Tom was happy.
I really thought Tom was hungry.
I really thought Tom wasn't going to do that.
I really thought Tom would change his mind.
I really thought Tom would do that.
I really thought Tom would have to do that.
I really thought Tom wouldn't do that.
I really thought that Tom was going to do that.
I really thought that Tom wasn't going to do that.
I really thought that Tom would change his mind.
I really thought that Tom would do that.
I really thought that Tom would have to do that.
I really thought that Tom wouldn't do that.
I really thought that that would happen.
I really thought that would happen.
I really thought we were going to do that.
I really thought we were going to win.
I really thought you were behind all this.
I really tried, during this trip I tried to feel good at all costs.
I really tried.
I really truly don't want to hurt Tom.
I really trust his ability.
I really understand what you mean.
I really wanna go to the park today.
I really wanna learn to speak Kansai-ben.
I really want Tom near me.
I really want Tom to like me.
I really want Tom to stop doing that.
I really want Tom.
I really want a beer now.
I really want a beer right now.
I really want a beer.
I really want a bike.
I really want a cup of coffee.
I really want a motorcycle.
I really want an airplane.
I really want another chance.
I really want her near me.
I really want him near me.
I really want it.
I really want people to like me.
I really want some biscuits.
I really want some blue cheese dressing.
I really want that bag of paprika potato chips.
I really want that packet of paprika-flavour crisps there.
I really want that.
I really want them near me.
I really want this for my kids.
I really want this telephone.
I really want this yukata.
I really want this.
I really want to be a good friend, but it is hard.
I really want to be a good teacher.
I really want to be able to do that someday.
I really want to be able to speak French fluently.
I really want to be around you.
I really want to be happy.
I really want to be with Tom right now.
I really want to be with her.
I really want to be with you.
I really want to believe you.
I really want to come to Australia.
I really want to come to Boston.
I really want to continue studying here.
I really want to dance.
I really want to die already.
I really want to do better.
I really want to do that, if at all possible.
I really want to do that.
I really want to do this again.
I really want to eat Chinese food tonight.
I really want to eat a loquat right now.
I really want to eat dumplings.
I really want to eat some daifuku.
I really want to eat something I haven't eaten for quite a long time.
I really want to experience Thailand's street food culture.
I really want to figure this out.
I really want to get something to eat.
I really want to get this work done.
I really want to get to know you better.
I really want to go away, far from the noises of the city.
I really want to go back to Kabylie.
I really want to go home now.
I really want to go home, and so I will pay for the ticket no matter what it costs.
I really want to go home.
I really want to go swimming with you.
I really want to go talk to Tom.
I really want to go to Australia again.
I really want to go to Australia with you.
I really want to go to Australia.
I really want to go to Boston again.
I really want to go to Boston with you.
I really want to go to Boston.
I really want to go to Egypt.
I really want to go to Turkey!
I really want to go to the beach this summer.
I really want to go to the concert with you, but all the concerts are cancelled.
I really want to go to the concert with you.
I really want to go with you, but I can't.
I really want to go with you.
I really want to go.
I really want to have a website.
I really want to have an airplane.
I really want to have galinhada for lunch on my birthday.
I really want to help Tom.
I really want to help her.
I really want to help him.
I really want to help them.
I really want to help you.
I really want to hit drinking age already.
I really want to hold your hand.
I really want to impress Tom.
I really want to impress her.
I really want to impress him.
I really want to impress them.
I really want to kill you.
I really want to kiss you again.
I really want to kiss you.
I really want to know her name.
I really want to know more about you.
I really want to know the truth.
I really want to know what Tom found out.
I really want to know what the hell is going on.
I really want to know what you think.
I really want to know what your thoughts are about me.
I really want to know what's going on here.
I really want to know what's going on.
I really want to know what's happening here.
I really want to know what's in Tom's suitcase.
I really want to know why Tom did that.
I really want to know why Tom didn't do that.
I really want to know why he did that kind of thing.
I really want to know.
I really want to learn Berber.
I really want to learn French, too.
I really want to learn French.
I really want to learn Japanese too.
I really want to learn how to do that.
I really want to learn how to drive.
I really want to learn how to speak French.
I really want to learn to speak French fluently.
I really want to leave.
I really want to live in peace with everyone.
I really want to meet Kumiko.
I really want to meet Tom.
I really want to meet her.
I really want to meet him.
I really want to meet them.
I really want to meet you.
I really want to move back to Australia.
I really want to move back to Boston.
I really want to move to Finland, but it's more important I improve my Swedish first.
I really want to see Kumiko.
I really want to see Mt. Fuji.
I really want to see Tom again.
I really want to see Tom today.
I really want to see Tom.
I really want to see her today.
I really want to see him today.
I really want to see the Leaning Tower of Pisa.
I really want to see them today.
I really want to see this movie with her.
I really want to see you again.
I really want to see you today.
I really want to see you.
I really want to sing with your band.
I really want to sing.
I really want to speak English fluently.
I really want to speak French fluently.
I really want to spend some time alone with Tom.
I really want to stay in Australia a little longer.
I really want to stay in Australia longer.
I really want to stay in Boston little longer.
I really want to stay in Boston longer.
I really want to stay.
I really want to stop.
I really want to study French.
I really want to talk to Tom.
I really want to talk to her.
I really want to talk to him.
I really want to talk to them.
I really want to talk to you.
I really want to thank you.
I really want to try real Korean barbecue someday.
I really want to understand.
I really want to visit Australia.
I really want to visit Boston.
I really want to, but I can't.
I really want you guys to get along.
I really want you near me.
I really want you to be happy.
I really want you to be my friend.
I really want you to believe me.
I really want you to hug me.
I really want you to meet Tom.
I really want you to meet her.
I really want you to meet him.
I really want you to meet them.
I really want you to pay attention here.
I really want you to pay more attention.
I really want you to quit.
I really wanted Sami to come and live with me.
I really wanted Tom to succeed.
I really wanted some couscous.
I really wanted that job.
I really wanted the job.
I really wanted to be alone.
I really wanted to believe it was true.
I really wanted to believe that.
I really wanted to do that with you.
I really wanted to do that.
I really wanted to do this.
I really wanted to eat some couscous.
I really wanted to go back to Australia.
I really wanted to go back to Boston.
I really wanted to go swimming with my friends yesterday, but something came up.
I really wanted to go to Australia with Tom.
I really wanted to go to Australia with you.
I really wanted to go to Australia.
I really wanted to go to Boston with you.
I really wanted to go to Boston.
I really wanted to go to Tom's concert, but it was sold out.
I really wanted to go to the party, but I couldn't.
I really wanted to go.
I really wanted to help, but after what happened, I already can't tell if I believe you two.
I really wanted to help.
I really wanted to kiss Tom.
I really wanted to kiss you.
I really wanted to make some money.
I really wanted to marry Tom.
I really wanted to play tennis yesterday, but something came up.
I really wanted to please Tom.
I really wanted to see Tom.
I really wanted to see it.
I really wanted to see you today.
I really wanted to see you.
I really wanted to study French.
I really wanted to talk to you today.
I really wanted to talk with you.
I really wanted to visit Boston.
I really wanted to write, but I couldn't manage to get my scattered thoughts down.
I really wanted to write, but I didn't succeed in getting my scattered thoughts down.
I really wanted you to meet Tom.
I really was happy.
I really was hoping Tom would be here tonight.
I really wasn't expecting that from you.
I really wasn't going to do that.
I really wasn't good at it.
I really wasn't in any trouble.
I really wasn't paying attention.
I really wasn't planning on doing that.
I really wasn't planning to do that.
I really wasn't sure.
I really wasn’t expecting that from you.
I really will have to study.
I really wish I could be there with you.
I really wish I could believe you.
I really wish I could do more.
I really wish I could do that.
I really wish I could go to bed early every day and get up early!
I really wish I could go with you, but I can't.
I really wish I could have met Tom.
I really wish I could help.
I really wish I could play tennis with you tomorrow.
I really wish I could've helped you more.
I really wish I could've met Tom.
I really wish I didn't have to go to that meeting this afternoon.
I really wish I didn't have to tell you this.
I really wish I hadn't just said that.
I really wish I knew how to do that.
I really wish I knew what Tom and Mary plan to do.
I really wish I knew what Tom plans to do.
I really wish I knew when Tom and Mary were going to be here.
I really wish I knew when Tom was going to be here.
I really wish I knew where Tom put my briefcase.
I really wish I knew who painted this picture.
I really wish I knew why Tom didn't like me.
I really wish I'd paid more attention in Budapest instead of going shopping and seeing the Harry Potter movie.
I really wish Mary would behave herself.
I really wish Tom and Mary would behave themselves.
I really wish Tom would behave himself.
I really wish that I could've helped you more.
I really wish that I knew what Tom plans to do.
I really wish that I knew where Tom put my briefcase.
I really wish that I knew why Tom didn't like me.
I really wish there was something I could do.
I really wish to see you today.
I really wish we'd rehearsed longer.
I really wish you hadn't done that.
I really wish you hadn't seen that.
I really wish you hadn't sold our car.
I really wish you hadn't told Tom that.
I really wish you would do that.
I really wish you wouldn't do that.
I really wish you'd be quiet.
I really wish you'd call me.
I really wish you'd do that.
I really wish you'd do this for me right now.
I really wish you'd help me.
I really wish you'd quit doing that.
I really won.
I really wonder how much the inheritance tax will amount to.
I really wonder what Tom and Mary are doing now.
I really wonder what Tom is doing now.
I really would like Tom's opinion on this.
I really would like to be with you right now.
I really would like to meet another Esperantist some day...
I really would rather be alone right now.
I really would rather you didn't come.
I really would rather you didn't do that.
I really would rather you didn't say that.
I really wouldn't feel comfortable with that.
I really, really need it.
I really, really need to do that.
I really, really need to show you something.
I really, really want this.
I really, really want to do that.
I really, truly believe that.
I rear cattle.
I reason Tom did that was because Mary asked him to.
I reason Tom did that was because everybody else in his family did.
I reason Tom did that was because everyone else in his family did.
I reason that Tom did that was because Mary asked him to.
I reason that Tom did that was because everybody else in his family did.
I reason that Tom did that was because everyone else in his family did.
I reasoned him out of his fears.
I reassured Mina.
I reassured him it was an accident, nothing to worry about.
I reassured him that I would not be late.
I reassured him that it would be fun.
I rebuilt the fire.
I recall feeling so good at that time.
I recall less and less of my childhood.
I recall my childhood less and less often.
I recall my childhood with pleasure.
I recall neither her name nor her face.
I recall the day when the younger brother was born.
I recall the happy days and nights we spent together.
I recall what my father said to me.
I recall what my mother said to me.
I recalled a newspaper story about those twins.
I recalled all the past events.
I recalled her as an energetic, autocratic personality, somewhat inclined to charitable and social notoriety, with a fondness for opening bazaars and playing the Lady Bountiful.
I recalled her as an energetic, autocratic personality, somewhat inclined to charitable and social notoriety.
I recalled her as an energetic, autocratic personality.
I recalled my mother who left us two months ago.
I recalled my superstitious feeling that if she fell in love with me, I would have mala sombra there.
I receive a big salary for doing it.
I receive a lot of letters and I always respond to them.
I receive a million messages a day and I can't answer them all.
I receive criticism and praise with the same serenity.
I receive disability.
I receive food stamps.
I receive hormone therapy for a thyroid condition.
I receive information from a variety of sources.
I received Tom's letter last week.
I received a $300 gift card from Tom for Christmas.
I received a Christmas card from my brother in Italy.
I received a Playstation Vita as a gift.
I received a ball for the doll.
I received a better offer.
I received a birthday present.
I received a book in Dutch.
I received a call from Tom this afternoon.
I received a call from Tom.
I received a circular from the bank.
I received a coded message from Tom this morning.
I received a couple of your messages.
I received a court summons this morning.
I received a death threat today.
I received a fine in the village.
I received a five hundred dollar advance on my pay.
I received a friendly letter.
I received a gift card from him.
I received a gift.
I received a good job offer.
I received a job offer.
I received a knife with a sharp blade.
I received a late-rent notice.
I received a lengthy reply from Tom.
I received a letter from Boston.
I received a letter from Silya.
I received a letter from Tom.
I received a letter from a friend in London.
I received a letter from her to the effect that she couldn't accept my marriage proposal.
I received a letter from her to the effect that she couldn’t accept my marriage proposal.
I received a letter from her.
I received a letter from him to the effect that he could not accept my offer.
I received a letter from my brother.
I received a letter from my friend.
I received a letter from my mother who is in the country.
I received a letter from my mother yesterday.
I received a letter from my sister.
I received a letter from one of my friends in Australia.
I received a letter from one of my friends in Japan.
I received a letter from the CEO inviting me to give a speech at the upcoming conference.
I received a letter in English yesterday.
I received a letter in French last week.
I received a letter informing me of his arrival.
I received a letter that he will come soon.
I received a letter that was written a week ago.
I received a letter three months later.
I received a letter which was written by her.
I received a letter written in English yesterday.
I received a letter written in English.
I received a letter written in French.
I received a letter written one week ago.
I received a letter yesterday which was written in English.
I received a letter.
I received a lovely note from her this morning and it totally made my day!
I received a message for you from your father.
I received a message from a friend.
I received a message from the past today.
I received a nice thank-you note from Tom.
I received a notice for the shareholders' meeting.
I received a number of emails with such content.
I received a postcard from Kabylie, Algeria.
I received a postcard from Norway yesterday.
I received a postcard from abroad.
I received a postcard from my friend in Lyon.
I received a premium six-piece cheese knife set as a birthday gift.
I received a rattle as a gift for Purim.
I received a scholarship.
I received a shock of over 200 volts.
I received a strange email.
I received a strange phone call this morning.
I received a sweater from her on my birthday.
I received a telegram from Tom.
I received a telegram from her.
I received a telegram saying that my uncle had arrived.
I received a telephone call from Tom early this morning.
I received a text from Tom saying he'd be late.
I received a text from him.
I received a thank-you letter.
I received a thoughtful letter in the mail.
I received a very hospitable welcome here.
I received a very strange e-mail the other day.
I received a vibrator from my partner.
I received a warm welcome.
I received a watch as a gift from my godfather.
I received a welcome.
I received an English translation of the Quran sent to me from London.
I received an advisory notice about my electricity cutting off this month.
I received an apology message from him.
I received an e-Reader for Christmas.
I received an e-book Reader for Christmas.
I received an e-mail from Tom this morning.
I received an e-mail from her.
I received an eReader for Christmas.
I received an ebook Reader for Christmas.
I received an email from Tom about thirty minutes ago.
I received an email from Tom this morning.
I received an email in French last week.
I received an email message.
I received an email notification of his upcoming party.
I received an invitation from Tom, but didn't accept it.
I received an invitation from him, but I didn't accept it.
I received an invitation from him, but didn't accept it.
I received an invitation from him, but didn’t accept it.
I received an invitation to join them.
I received an invitation to the birthday party.
I received an invitation.
I received an item that I did not order.
I received an item that I didn't order.
I received an offer to work in the United States.
I received around 300 New Year's cards, just about as many as I had sent out.
I received everything I wanted without effort.
I received fine invitation to a wedding.
I received great benefit from your teaching.
I received her letter last week.
I received her letter the other day.
I received her letter yesterday.
I received his invitation, but I didn't accept it.
I received his letter last week.
I received his letter the other day.
I received his letter unexpectedly.
I received his personal visit yesterday.
I received it fifteen days ago.
I received money in return.
I received my birthday present.
I received my bonus.
I received my electricity bill.
I received my father's inheritance.
I received my order.
I received my salary yesterday.
I received no inheritance.
I received notification that we must move out in one month.
I received one.
I received some unexpected gifts.
I received some very bad news today.
I received the gift.
I received the hospitality of the family.
I received the same advice as you.
I received this as a gift, but I have no idea what it does!
I received this electric knife as a gift.
I received this fax from Tom.
I received this fax from her.
I received this fax from him.
I received this fax from them.
I received this.
I received threats.
I received three threatening phone calls this morning.
I received two of your messages.
I received word from the local fire station.
I received your Christmas card.
I received your Model 345 in good condition.
I received your communiqué today.
I received your gift.
I received your letter and I was very worried.
I received your letter of 10 July.
I received your letter of July 10.
I received your letter the day before yesterday.
I received your letter with thanks.
I received your letter yesterday.
I received your letter.
I received your message yesterday.
I received your message.
I received your note.
I received your telegram.
I recently baked a cake. I don't want to be praising myself, but it tasted really good.
I recently broke up with my boyfriend of three years.
I recently changed the way I take notes, and ever since then I've gained confidence in math. For example, usually when I take tests, I don't know anything, and I get bad grades. But yesterday I took a test, and although I don't know my score yet, I think it went well for once.
I recently changed toothpastes.
I recently got my vaccine.
I recently got vaccinated.
I recently had surgery.
I recently heard that your restaurant received some excellent reviews.
I recently heard this sentence in a doctor's surgery waiting room.
I recently injured my ankle, so I am trying to take it easy now.
I recently learned about what Tom did.
I recently learned that the people I thought were my real parents aren't my real parents.
I recently left my job.
I recently met Tom and Mary in a supermarket.
I recently met Tom for the first time.
I recently met Tom.
I recently met an old friend.
I recently met her.
I recently met him.
I recently met them.
I recently moved into a new flat.
I recently moved to a new flat.
I recently moved to the village.
I recently quit smoking.
I recently read that wisdom teeth are a remnant from the time when humans were more ape-like and had larger mouths.
I recently saw a documentary about Japanese toilets, and discovered that for some time they’ve been working on mechanisms that save the people who use them from embarrassment. They should be tested to see how effective they are. But at least they’re working on it. Here, however, toilets, and bathrooms in general, haven’t changed much in decades. This is why it’s very common to find people who don’t use other people’s restrooms because it embarrasses them that other people can hear or smell what they’re doing. So instead, they hold in their urges.
I recently started learning Spanish.
I recently started school.
I recently started seeing a man.
I recently started smoking again.
I recently started teaching at a cram school. Mainly I tutor maths and English to students individually.
I recently switched toothpastes.
I recently took up learning Spanish.
I recently went back to the small town where I grew up.
I recently went to Kabylie.
I recharged my phone.
I rechecked the data.
I reckon I won't be needing these any more.
I reckon I'll go.
I reckon Tom will be interested.
I reckon Tom will eventually work out that Mary doesn't really like him.
I reckon Tom's already gone home.
I reckon he will be back soon.
I reckon he'll be back soon.
I reckon he's in Boston by now.
I reckon it's about time I went home.
I reckon it's quite good.
I reckon it's time for us to leave.
I reckon it's time to go.
I reckon it's time to wake Robert up.
I reckon it's time to wake up Robert.
I reckon she ought to be punished a little. But don't be too hard on her, Marilla.
I reckon so.
I reckon something scared him.
I reckon that I'm right.
I reckon that comma is in the wrong place.
I reckon that man is lost.
I reckon that was a joke.
I reckon that you should do that.
I reckon that's a good idea.
I reckon that's true.
I reckon the battery's flat.
I reckon the only aim of science is to alleviate the hardships of human existence.
I reckon there's something wrong with Tom.
I reckon we can leave the sentence like that.
I reckon we could.
I reckon we should do that.
I reckon we'll see him once more.
I reckon we’ll see him once more.
I reckon you don't really care.
I reckon you look a lot better without a beard, Tom.
I reckon you should do it.
I reckon you should do that.
I reckon you're wasting your time. You put in a lot of effort for not much reward.
I reckoned on Tom being late.
I reckoned on her to take my place.
I recognise her handwriting.
I recognise that bloke.
I recognise that your intentions are good.
I recognise the problem.
I recognise you now.
I recognise your value.
I recognised her straight away; she hasn't changed a bit.
I recognised her voice.
I recognised him as the love of my life right away.
I recognised him immediately.
I recognised his face.
I recognised my wife's handwriting at once.
I recognised the name.
I recognised them in France.
I recognised your voice immediately.
I recognised your voice.
I recognize I am different from what you anticipated.
I recognize Tom's handwriting.
I recognize him, but I don't remember his name.
I recognize him.
I recognize his handwriting.
I recognize it.
I recognize my progress with each passing day.
I recognize only one dictatorship — the dictatorship of law.
I recognize that I haven't been a good father to you.
I recognize that I'm unlike many others.
I recognize that car.
I recognize that guy.
I recognize that he could have handled things better than he did.
I recognize that melody.
I recognize that person from somewhere.
I recognize that pool!
I recognize that smug face!
I recognize that what he says is the truth.
I recognize the problem.
I recognize the sound.
I recognize this as the truth.
I recognize this pain; it's very distinct.
I recognize this to be true.
I recognize those dogs.
I recognize those people.
I recognize what I make everywhere.
I recognize you by the terrible edge of your sword.
I recognize you from the eyes, which measures the Earth with force.
I recognize you from the terrible edge of the sword.
I recognize you now.
I recognize you.
I recognize your contribution to keeping the kitchen clean.
I recognized Jane at once by her voice.
I recognized Mary as soon as she walked into the room.
I recognized Mary the moment I saw her.
I recognized Mina.
I recognized Mr Jones at first glance.
I recognized Tom and Mary as soon as they walked into the room.
I recognized Tom as soon as I saw him.
I recognized Tom as soon as he walked into the room.
I recognized Tom at once by his voice.
I recognized Tom by his voice.
I recognized Tom from the billboard.
I recognized Tom immediately.
I recognized Tom right away.
I recognized Tom the moment I him.
I recognized Tom the moment I saw him.
I recognized Tom's car.
I recognized Tom's handwriting.
I recognized Tom's voice.
I recognized Tom, but he didn't recognize me.
I recognized Tom.
I recognized her as soon as I saw her.
I recognized her at first glance.
I recognized her at first sight.
I recognized her by her fiery red hair.
I recognized her by the hat she was wearing.
I recognized her instantly.
I recognized her right away.
I recognized her the moment I saw her.
I recognized her voice.
I recognized her.
I recognized him at a glance.
I recognized him at first glance.
I recognized him at once, because I had seen him before.
I recognized him at once, because I'd seen him before.
I recognized him at once.
I recognized him by the way he walks.
I recognized him from his Kabyle accent.
I recognized him immediately since we had previously met.
I recognized him immediately.
I recognized him instantly.
I recognized him right away.
I recognized him.
I recognized his face.
I recognized his voice.
I recognized it.
I recognized my former music professor at the party.
I recognized my friends.
I recognized one.
I recognized some of the tunes Tom played.
I recognized some of the tunes that Tom played.
I recognized that voice.
I recognized that woman.
I recognized the actor the minute I saw him.
I recognized the bank teller as the man I had seen in the movie theater.
I recognized the name.
I recognized the sound of your footsteps.
I recognized the teacher at once, because I had met him before.
I recognized the voice instantly.
I recognized the voice.
I recognized the waiter's accent as Kabyle.
I recognized them, but they didn't recognize me.
I recognized them.
I recognized those people.
I recognized you as soon as I saw you.
I recognized you right away.
I recognized you.
I recognized your voice right away.
I recognized your voice.
I recoiled in disgust.
I recoiled in horror as I opened the curtains.
I recoiled in horror.
I recoiled when I saw how gaunt she had become.
I recollect his saying so.
I recommend Boston.
I recommend Maui.
I recommend Tom to you.
I recommend Tom.
I recommend a quiet room in which you won't hear the noise from the trams.
I recommend a quiet room where you won't hear the noise from the trams.
I recommend a thorough checkup for your husband.
I recommend absolutely everyone to look at this painting. It evokes inexpressible emotions and forces one to think deeply.
I recommend buying what you can from this merchant right now. She will disappear after the next main quest.
I recommend caution.
I recommend contributing sentences in your own native language, since people will be able to trust that what you have contributed is likely to be good and natural-sounding.
I recommend doing that the way Tom suggested.
I recommend doing that.
I recommend earmuffs to help with your noise sensitivity.
I recommend giving it to them straight, don't waffle your way around the subject.
I recommend giving it to them straight, don’t waffle your way around the subject.
I recommend going by train.
I recommend going to Algeria.
I recommend installing this anti-spam add-on on your Wordpress site.
I recommend it a lot.
I recommend it highly.
I recommend it strongly.
I recommend it to everybody.
I recommend it to everyone.
I recommend it to you.
I recommend it.
I recommend learning about edible plants that are native to your area.
I recommend not doing that the way Tom suggested.
I recommend not doing that.
I recommend not making friends with Tom.
I recommend not watching that movie.
I recommend putting up your hair so your fringe doesn't get on your forehead.
I recommend putting up your hair so your fringe doesn’t get on your forehead.
I recommend spending that money on a psychiatrist.
I recommend starting with the math problems first.
I recommend studying French.
I recommend that restaurant.
I recommend that they don't buy this car.
I recommend that this sentence be deleted after two weeks, as long as there is no objection by then.
I recommend that we do that tomorrow afternoon.
I recommend that you ask Tom.
I recommend that you call your mother.
I recommend that you don't buy this car.
I recommend that you don't do that again.
I recommend that you don't do that anymore.
I recommend that you don't do that.
I recommend that you don't go there by yourself.
I recommend that you don't talk to Tom today.
I recommend that you go by bus.
I recommend that you learn French.
I recommend that you number the boxes.
I recommend that you pay your electricity bill before it expires.
I recommend that you read that novel.
I recommend that you read this book.
I recommend that you read this novel.
I recommend that you should buy a learner's dictionary.
I recommend that you should buy a learner’s dictionary.
I recommend that you stop supporting Tom.
I recommend that you take a bus.
I recommend that you take a vote.
I recommend that you try to do that.
I recommend that you watch the movie "Farha." It's about Palestine.
I recommend that.
I recommend the brandy.
I recommend the public transport be enhanced.
I recommend the public transport be improved.
I recommend the public transport should be enhanced.
I recommend the public transport should be improved.
I recommend the steak at Adriano's to everyone I know.
I recommend this book even less than the first one.
I recommend this book.
I recommend this brand of coffee.
I recommend this cheese.
I recommend this chocolate pudding.
I recommend this dish.
I recommend this lawyer.
I recommend this movie to all and sundry. It is genuinely interesting.
I recommend this movie to one and all.
I recommend this.
I recommend using the cable that came with the phone.
I recommend vigilance.
I recommend visiting Algeria.
I recommend we do that tomorrow afternoon.
I recommend we keep our distance.
I recommend you consult a doctor about this as soon as you can.
I recommend you do the same.
I recommend you go by bus.
I recommend you learn French.
I recommend you look on the top shelf.
I recommend you read this novel.
I recommend you take a bus.
I recommend you take a deep breath.
I recommend you the ASSIMIL method.
I recommend you to go by train.
I recommend you to set about your business without delay.
I recommend you to take care of the minutes, for the hours will take care of themselves.
I recommend you to travel to Kabylie, Algeria, and learn Berber.
I recommend you to visit Algeria if you can.
I recommend you try it this way.
I recommend you try studying a bit harder.
I recommend you visit the Imperial War Museum in London.
I recommended Tom for the job.
I recommended Tom.
I recommended a book to my sister.
I recommended her.
I recommended him.
I recommended the steak at Adriano's restaurant to everyone I knew.
I recommended them.
I recommended this book to the students.
I recommended you.
I reconciled myself to the loss.
I reconsidered your offer.
I reconsidered your proposal.
I recorded 2000 English words in my neurons.
I recorded a hit.
I recorded a rugby game on videotape.
I recorded one.
I recorded our conversation.
I recorded that.
I recorded the conditions up until now!
I recorded the interview.
I recorded this video in Algeria.
I recorded you singing.
I recovered from cancer.
I recovered from my illness.
I recovered from my wounds.
I recovered quickly.
I recovered.
I recycle and take care of the environment.
I recycle as much as possible.
I recycled batteries.
I reddened like a tomato.
I redesigned the whole thing.
I redid it.
I rediscovered the importance of constant efforts.
I reduced my speed slightly.
I reengaged with her.
I refer to our telephone conversation of 12 April.
I refer to our telephone conversation of December fourth.
I refer to the Labiate family,—a family to which the lavenders, the mints, the thymes, and the hyssops belong, with basil, rosemary, and marjoram,—all plants of "gray renown," as he happily remarks in his description of the herbal of his "Schoolmistress."
I refer to you.
I refer you to the dictionary for the correct spelling.
I refer, of course, to the treaty to ban nuclear tests in the atmosphere, outer space, and under water--concluded by the Soviet Union, the United Kingdom, and the United States--and already signed by nearly 100 countries.
I referred to the company for his work record.
I refilled the gas tank.
I reflect also on another fact.
I reflect like him as well.
I reflect on the beauty of each passing moment.
I reflect on the beauty that surrounds us, even in the mundane.
I reflect on the essence of life.
I reflect on the lessons each day brings.
I reflect on the wisdom gained through hardship.
I reflect on what it means to be alive.
I reflect on what it means to exist.
I reflect upon the beauty of the world in all its forms.
I reflected on my happy school days.
I reflected on the problem.
I refrain from drinking.
I refrained from voting.
I refreshed myself with a hot bath.
I refuse even to talk to this two-faced scum, so you will serve as my mouthpiece.
I refuse them.
I refuse to accept it.
I refuse to accept that.
I refuse to accept these unfair terms.
I refuse to allow it.
I refuse to allow this.
I refuse to answer such a stupid question.
I refuse to answer that question.
I refuse to answer that.
I refuse to answer the question.
I refuse to answer your question.
I refuse to answer.
I refuse to apply for credit cards.
I refuse to be Tom's lackey.
I refuse to be a dictator.
I refuse to be a victim.
I refuse to be afraid.
I refuse to be called anything besides "Your Highness".
I refuse to be ignored any longer.
I refuse to be in sunshine the whole day.
I refuse to be made into a laughing stock.
I refuse to be my dog's chew toy.
I refuse to be taken in by her guile.
I refuse to be treated like a child.
I refuse to be treated like a slave by you.
I refuse to be without hope.
I refuse to be your puppet.
I refuse to believe "emoji" is a trademark.
I refuse to believe Tom would do such a thing.
I refuse to believe that she's dead.
I refuse to believe that we can't do anything about the situation.
I refuse to believe we can't do anything about the situation.
I refuse to believe your lies any further.
I refuse to cage birds.
I refuse to choreograph such a hideous and immoral production.
I refuse to consent to that plan.
I refuse to cook for Tom.
I refuse to dignify that with a response.
I refuse to discuss that question.
I refuse to discuss that with Tom.
I refuse to discuss the question.
I refuse to discuss this topic.
I refuse to do it.
I refuse to do so.
I refuse to do that with Tom.
I refuse to do that.
I refuse to drink this.
I refuse to drive Tom home.
I refuse to eat an animal that I wouldn't dare to kill myself.
I refuse to eat dairy.
I refuse to eat fish! Don't you know that the French word for "fish" is "poisson," which looks just like the English word "poison"? And doesn't that suggest something to you?
I refuse to eat this.
I refuse to file taxes.
I refuse to get in the car if Tom is driving.
I refuse to get in the car if Tom is going to be driving.
I refuse to give up on this.
I refuse to give up.
I refuse to go into exile.
I refuse to go there with Tom.
I refuse to go there with you.
I refuse to go to Australia.
I refuse to go to Boston.
I refuse to go.
I refuse to help Tom and Mary do that.
I refuse to help Tom do that.
I refuse to help Tom.
I refuse to help.
I refuse to herd geese any longer with that girl.
I refuse to hug Tom.
I refuse to influence others to participate in war.
I refuse to invite misfortune into my life.
I refuse to keep dealing with miscreants such as yourself.
I refuse to leave Australia.
I refuse to leave Boston.
I refuse to leave.
I refuse to let my symptoms hold me back from pursuing my goals and dreams.
I refuse to let you marry that man!
I refuse to let you marry that man.
I refuse to listen to you.
I refuse to listen to your excuses.
I refuse to listen.
I refuse to lose faith in Algeria.
I refuse to obey you any longer.
I refuse to open the door.
I refuse to participate.
I refuse to pay attention to you.
I refuse to pay more than standard rates.
I refuse to pay this bill.
I refuse to pay.
I refuse to put up with his carelessness any longer.
I refuse to read e-books.
I refuse to recognize people as Muslims or Christians or Hindus. I see human beings as human beings.
I refuse to reply to these charges.
I refuse to respond to that.
I refuse to say anything about that.
I refuse to settle for mediocrity.
I refuse to sign that document.
I refuse to sing that song.
I refuse to sit there.
I refuse to speak English.
I refuse to speak French from now on.
I refuse to speak French.
I refuse to succumb to despair.
I refuse to take any medicine.
I refuse to take him with me.
I refuse to take part in this.
I refuse to take part.
I refuse to talk about that.
I refuse to talk to Tom.
I refuse to talk to you!
I refuse to tell you that.
I refuse to use plastic bags.
I refuse to use public restrooms, as they are very unhygienic.
I refuse to wait any longer.
I refuse to work my life away.
I refuse to work under pressure.
I refuse to work.
I refuse to write this sentence.
I refuse your help.
I refuse.
I refused absolutely.
I refused at first.
I refused for personal reasons.
I refused her invitation to dinner.
I refused it for personal reasons.
I refused it for private reasons.
I refused right away.
I refused the gifts.
I refused the help.
I refused the offer.
I refused to agree to the terms.
I refused to answer Tom's question.
I refused to answer him.
I refused to answer them.
I refused to answer.
I refused to be paid.
I refused to believe him.
I refused to believe it.
I refused to believe such a thing could have happened.
I refused to believe what they told me.
I refused to come.
I refused to do so.
I refused to do that for personal reasons.
I refused to do that.
I refused to do what Tom asked of me.
I refused to do what Tom wanted me to do.
I refused to eat until my parents came home.
I refused to give up and started making money in many ways.
I refused to leave.
I refused to let her take my son.
I refused to pay.
I refused to speak up.
I refused to stay at home and went out of a walk.
I refused to talk.
I refused to tell him what happened.
I refused treatment.
I refused, of course.
I refused.
I regaled the devil; he gave me a fable.
I regard Vivi as the most amazing person I've met, even though I know that inflates her ego.
I regard consciousness as fundamental. I regard matter as derivative from consciousness. We cannot get behind consciousness. Everything that we talk about, everything that we regard as existing, postulates consciousness.
I regard crab as a great delicacy.
I regard him as a man of character.
I regard him as a poet.
I regard him as an enemy.
I regard him as the best person for the job.
I regard his advice as valuable.
I regard myself as your guardian.
I regard that as necessary.
I regard the contract as having been broken.
I regard the theatre as the greatest of all art forms, the most immediate way in which a human being can share with another the sense of what it is to be a human being.
I regarded Tom and Mary as friends.
I regarded Tom as a friend.
I regarded him as a friend.
I regarded him as a good teacher.
I regarded him as the best doctor in town.
I regarded the man as an enemy.
I regarded your offer as a joke.
I registered as a member of Tatoeba.org five years ago today.
I registered at this school two years ago.
I regret I didn't do this earlier.
I regret I didn't tell Tom the truth.
I regret I wasted so much time.
I regret a lot of things.
I regret becoming a teacher.
I regret coming here.
I regret coming to Australia.
I regret coming to Boston.
I regret doing that.
I regret doing this.
I regret eating those oysters.
I regret giving Tom my phone number.
I regret giving up.
I regret going there.
I regret going to Australia.
I regret going to Boston.
I regret having been idle in my school days.
I regret having been idle in my youth.
I regret having been lazy in my school days.
I regret having been rude to Tom.
I regret having been rude to him.
I regret having come to Australia.
I regret having done it.
I regret having done such a thing.
I regret having done that.
I regret having fallen in love with a girl like her.
I regret having gone to Australia.
I regret having gone to Boston.
I regret having idled away my youth.
I regret having left Australia.
I regret having left the profession.
I regret having neglected my health.
I regret having said so.
I regret having said such a thing to my teacher.
I regret having said that to Tom.
I regret having said that to him.
I regret having said that.
I regret having spoken the truth.
I regret having to say this.
I regret having told the truth.
I regret having told you.
I regret having visited Australia.
I regret his death.
I regret hugging Tom.
I regret inviting Tom and Mary to my wedding.
I regret inviting Tom to my wedding.
I regret inviting Tom to our wedding.
I regret it about him.
I regret it anyway.
I regret it.
I regret kissing Tom.
I regret kissing her.
I regret kissing him.
I regret kissing you.
I regret laughing.
I regret leaving Australia.
I regret leaving Boston.
I regret leaving early.
I regret leaving the village.
I regret leaving.
I regret losing that opportunity.
I regret lying to Tom.
I regret missing the chance to meet her.
I regret missing the speech.
I regret my actions.
I regret my decision.
I regret my recent behavior.
I regret not being able to help as much as I wanted.
I regret not being able to join you.
I regret not believing him more and more each day.
I regret not doing anything to help Tom.
I regret not doing that.
I regret not doing this earlier.
I regret not having been here in time.
I regret not having been honest with you.
I regret not having bought that house.
I regret not having done that earlier.
I regret not having heard that conversation.
I regret not having kept my promise.
I regret not having learned this sooner.
I regret not having listened.
I regret not having lived a better life.
I regret not having paid more attention to what the teacher said.
I regret not having regrets.
I regret not having studied hard at school.
I regret not having studied hard for the test.
I regret not having studied harder at school.
I regret not having taken his advice.
I regret not having taken my doctor's advice.
I regret not having taken my doctor’s advice.
I regret not having worked hard in my youth.
I regret not helping Tom.
I regret not inviting Tom.
I regret not kissing Tom.
I regret not marrying her.
I regret not marrying your brother.
I regret not paying attention to my health.
I regret not paying attention.
I regret not paying more attention to what the teacher said.
I regret not seizing opportunities that came my way.
I regret not staying in Australia longer.
I regret not staying in Boston longer.
I regret not studying French harder when I was in school.
I regret not studying French.
I regret not swimming.
I regret not taking French in high school.
I regret not taking Tom seriously then.
I regret not taking multivariable calculus.
I regret not telling Tom I loved him.
I regret not telling Tom about that.
I regret not telling Tom that I loved him.
I regret not telling Tom the truth.
I regret not telling Tom.
I regret not telling the truth.
I regret nothing of my life.
I regret nothing, because what's done is done.
I regret nothing.
I regret saying no.
I regret saying that you were wrong.
I regret saying that.
I regret saying this.
I regret saying what I said.
I regret selling my soul to the dark forces of the Illuminati.
I regret singing that song at Tom and Mary's wedding.
I regret skipping breakfast today.
I regret spending so much money.
I regret supporting your application.
I regret talking to him.
I regret telling the truth.
I regret telling them about my family.
I regret telling you the truth.
I regret telling you.
I regret that I am going away.
I regret that I can't come to your birthday party.
I regret that I can't come today.
I regret that I can't help you do that.
I regret that I can't help you in this matter.
I regret that I can't help you.
I regret that I can't see you tonight.
I regret that I can't understand what you have said in English.
I regret that I can’t come today.
I regret that I can’t help you.
I regret that I can’t see you tonight.
I regret that I couldn't do that.
I regret that I couldn't go with Tom.
I regret that I couldn't go with her.
I regret that I couldn’t go with her.
I regret that I did not do the right thing.
I regret that I did not work harder.
I regret that I did that.
I regret that I didn't do it.
I regret that I didn't do that.
I regret that I didn't do this earlier.
I regret that I didn't go there.
I regret that I didn't say that to you.
I regret that I didn't study harder.
I regret that I didn't study more in my youth.
I regret that I didn't tell Tom the truth.
I regret that I have never been kind to him.
I regret that I have to inform you of the bad news.
I regret that I lied.
I regret that I told you.
I regret that I wasn't able to do that.
I regret that I wasn't as careful as I should have been.
I regret that I wasn't as careful as I should've been.
I regret that I wasted so much time.
I regret that I wasted the money.
I regret that I will be unable to meet you on February 27 owing to an unexpected matter.
I regret that I'm going away.
I regret that a previous engagement prevents me from accepting your kind invitation.
I regret that decision now.
I regret that decision.
I regret that he died without me seeing him.
I regret that quite a lot.
I regret that some of our most intelligent colleagues obstinately cling to a purely technocratic view of language as if it were a machine built out of mechanical parts.
I regret that this all happened.
I regret the delay in writing to you to thank you for your hospitality on my visit to your country.
I regret this decision already.
I regret this very much.
I regret to confirm that this didn't happen.
I regret to inform you that I will be unable to keep our appointment for February 27.
I regret to inform you that your application has been denied.
I regret to inform you that your application has been refused.
I regret to inform you that your mother-in-law has died.
I regret to say I can't come.
I regret to say I can’t come.
I regret to say I couldn't come yesterday.
I regret to say I couldn’t come yesterday.
I regret to say he's gone for good.
I regret to say he’s gone for good.
I regret to say that he is ill in bed.
I regret to say that he's gone, never to return.
I regret to say that the product you have asked for is currently out of stock.
I regret to say that this is unknown to me.
I regret to say this.
I regret to tell you the truth.
I regret visiting Australia.
I regret visiting Boston.
I regret wasting my time hanging around in pubs.
I regret wasting my time on that.
I regret watching that movie.
I regret what I did.
I regret what I have done.
I regret what I said to Tom yesterday.
I regret what I said.
I regret what I've done.
I regret what happened here yesterday as much as you do.
I regret what happened to Tom.
I regret what happened to her.
I regret what happened to him.
I regret what happened to them.
I regret what happened to you.
I regret what happened yesterday.
I regret what happened.
I regret your departure.
I regretfully admit that I don't love you anymore.
I regretted doing that as soon as I did it.
I regretted doing that.
I regretted drinking so much earlier.
I regretted having done it.
I regretted having done that.
I regretted having wasted a great deal of time.
I regretted it as soon as I said it.
I regretted it right away.
I regretted lying to her.
I regretted lying to him.
I regretted lying to them.
I regretted lying.
I regretted my decision to do that.
I regretted my decision.
I regretted saying that.
I regretted the decision.
I regularly attend training.
I regularly contribute to the Berber corpus.
I regularly do shopping.
I regularly drive far distances in Algeria.
I regularly find myself racing against time.
I regularly go to bed at nine.
I regularly had dreams about him.
I regularly have numerous commitments.
I regularly help Tom to load industrial waste at our company.
I regularly read a newspaper these days.
I regularly run in the park.
I regularly start to fall asleep while watching a movie.
I regularly went for a walk each morning.
I reheated the stew for lunch.
I rehung the picture on the opposite wall.
I reign.
I reignited the fire.
I reimbursed Tom for all his travel expenses.
I reject religion.
I reject the notion that life is predetermined and believe in the power of free will.
I rejected Tom.
I rejected the deal.
I rejected the offer.
I rejected their offer.
I rejected this proposition.
I rejoice exceedingly when I punish an enemy.
I rejoice in your success.
I rejoice to see you in good health.
I rejoined my friends. When did you rejoin them?
I rekindled the fire.
I relate to about a third of this.
I relate with people better when I'm not caught up worrying about myself.
I relax in the living room.
I relax myself by talking.
I relax while listening to classical music.
I relaxed a bit.
I relaxed a little.
I relaxed at home last Sunday.
I relaxed by the lake.
I relaxed to the sounds of the forest.
I relaxed.
I relayed the message to Tom.
I relayed the message to her.
I release all of my content under a Creative Commons license.
I release the horses.
I released the grip on my past.
I released the sentence so you could adopt it, Ayumi.
I relented.
I relied on Tom.
I relied on him.
I relied on his kindness.
I relieved him of his burden.
I relish the diversity of flavors.
I relished England.
I reloaded the webpage.
I relocated to the village.
I relocated.
I reluctantly agreed.
I reluctantly did that.
I reluctantly kissed Tom.
I reluctantly obeyed.
I reluctantly sold my guitar.
I reluctantly waited.
I rely on Ken.
I rely on Tom.
I rely on him.
I rely on you and Tom.
I rely on you to help him.
I rely on you.
I rely on your promise.
I remain alone despite having much to offer.
I remain cautiously hopeful.
I remain committed to making amends to everyone I have hurt.
I remain confident that that'll happen.
I remain confident that'll happen.
I remain doubtful.
I remain in the village.
I remain just one thing, and one thing only, and that is a clown. It places me on a far higher plane than any politician.
I remain level-headed.
I remain optimistic.
I remain puzzled.
I remain silent because I don't want your words to arouse even more hatred in the hearts of my enemies.
I remain skeptical.
I remain unconvinced by his arguments.
I remain unconvinced by your arguments.
I remain unconvinced.
I remain very cautious.
I remain very confident.
I remained alone in the room.
I remained alone with my thoughts.
I remained alone.
I remained behind.
I remained calm.
I remained extremely unsatisfied.
I remained frozen in front of her.
I remained in Algiers.
I remained in the study, turning the whole matter over and over in my head, and feeling as sombre as ever I had done in my life. What was the past of this Trevor, pugilist, traveller, and gold-digger, and how had he placed himself in the power of this acid-faced seaman?
I remained in the village.
I remained locked in all day.
I remained locked in my room for the whole evening.
I remained quiet.
I remained resolute in my determination.
I remained seated.
I remained silent.
I remained standing.
I remained still.
I remained suspended in limbo because I didn't understand what had happened.
I remained undaunted as soon as I heard the news.
I remained until Tom arrived.
I remained where I was.
I remarked on his hair style.
I remarked on the beauty of the landscape.
I remarried.
I remember Cancun, Mexico, from years ago. The breeze was fresh and warm along the shore in the night. The water in the beach was warm like in a bathtub. The meals were extravagant buffets. I ate frog legs for the first time. It was a Club Med resort. The gardeners and the room attendants were Mayan descendants. I bought books about Mayan linguistics. I really liked snorkelling in the clear waters full of life.
I remember Fadil's face.
I remember Fred visiting Kyoto with his mother.
I remember Halloween when I was a kid.
I remember I had Berber class with her.
I remember I saw the queen.
I remember I was just like you.
I remember Rima from high school.
I remember Tom as a boy.
I remember Tom asking for my help.
I remember Tom being there too.
I remember Tom bullying me.
I remember Tom doing that.
I remember Tom having an argument with that man.
I remember Tom laughing.
I remember Tom mowing the grass at our company. Now he works as a technician there.
I remember Tom now.
I remember Tom promising he'd be here.
I remember Tom promising he'd do that.
I remember Tom promising that he'd be here.
I remember Tom promising that he'd do that.
I remember Tom promising us he'd be here.
I remember Tom promising us he'd do that.
I remember Tom promising us that he'd be here.
I remember Tom promising us that he'd do that.
I remember Tom quite well.
I remember Tom saying something about that.
I remember Tom saying that he didn't like Mary.
I remember Tom saying that to me once.
I remember Tom saying that.
I remember Tom talking about that.
I remember Tom telling me about the time he and Mary had climbed Mt. Fuji.
I remember Tom telling us that story.
I remember Tom very well.
I remember Tom was wearing a brown hat.
I remember Tom well.
I remember Tom's bachelor party.
I remember Tom's cat Cookie. He must have passed away by now.
I remember Tom's daughters.
I remember Tom's face.
I remember Tom's laugh.
I remember Tom's smile.
I remember Tom's son.
I remember Tom.
I remember Walid as a boy.
I remember a clock of this latter type, that we had in the house when I was a boy, routing us all up at three o'clock one winter's morning.
I remember a couple of weeks ago a woman sweeping the cherry blossoms on the street and pavement. It was virtually snowing petals from the trees. The wind kept blowing the cherry blossoms to the ground, and still the woman kept sweeping. I was astonished at how seemingly futile it was. What made her do it? Today is the 14th of May of 2001.
I remember a story my nan told me.
I remember a story told to me my nan.
I remember a time before chip and PIN.
I remember a time when Tom and I confided in each other.
I remember a time when Tom and I could tell each other anything.
I remember a time when people thought it was OK to say things like that.
I remember a time when we could tell each other anything.
I remember a word my dad used to tell me.
I remember all my teachers.
I remember all of their names.
I remember all that.
I remember all their names.
I remember almost nothing.
I remember as a child in the 1970s in the Philippines, there were many comics in Tagalog, of different genres. That phenomenon continues. Today, I enjoy particularly the wholly translated fantasy book The Explorers by Kirsten Nimwey into Tagalog. With machine translation greatly improving, maybe there will be many whole books translated by machine, with maybe some human editing and tinkering, in the coming decades. Machine translation is much better now than just ten or so years ago. It will affect the literature of many languages.
I remember as a kid, I once got scabies and almost scratched the skin off my back.
I remember asking Tom not to do that.
I remember asking Tom that.
I remember asking Tom to do that.
I remember asking an old man the way.
I remember being devastated.
I remember being here a few years ago.
I remember being here before.
I remember being here some years ago.
I remember being hungry.
I remember being introduced to him at a party last year.
I remember being on a ship when I was only five years old.
I remember being surprised when I learned that Tom had spent time in prison.
I remember being there.
I remember both of you.
I remember buying this.
I remember calling at his house.
I remember clearly that Robert was wearing a denim jacket.
I remember coming out on TV one time.
I remember doing so quite reluctantly.
I remember doing so reluctantly.
I remember doing so.
I remember doing that somewhere.
I remember doing that three years ago.
I remember doing that when I was thirteen years old.
I remember doing that when I was thirteen.
I remember doing that with Tom.
I remember doing that with you once.
I remember doing that with you.
I remember doing that.
I remember driving through northeastern Algeria.
I remember eating with Tom.
I remember every detail.
I remember every morning in my university, I would walk from the big parking lot down the tree-lined Main Mall to my class.
I remember every threat.
I remember everything I read online about her.
I remember everything they told me to do.
I remember everything you tell me.
I remember everything you told me.
I remember everything.
I remember feeling bad about that when it happened.
I remember feeling my body run cold.
I remember feeling sick to my stomach.
I remember feeling very sad and just shocked.
I remember fighting with Tom.
I remember getting really sick after we ate these.
I remember getting really sick after we ate those oysters.
I remember giving Tom some money.
I remember giving Tom the key.
I remember giving her the key.
I remember giving him the key.
I remember giving you the key.
I remember going on a lovely trip to Italy in May 1990.
I remember going the circus when I was a kid.
I remember going to Australia when I was a child.
I remember going to Australia when I was a kid.
I remember going to Boston when I was a child.
I remember going to Boston when I was a kid.
I remember going to Tom's house a couple of years ago.
I remember having a hot discussion about the matter with him.
I remember having a long discussion about that matter with Tom.
I remember having already met this person in Cambridge at some point.
I remember having done that somewhere.
I remember having done that.
I remember having heard a similar sound in my dreams.
I remember having met Tom in Boston.
I remember having met him in Paris.
I remember having met that man once in Cambridge.
I remember having read that novel before.
I remember having read this novel.
I remember having seen her before.
I remember having seen her some place.
I remember having seen her somewhere.
I remember having seen him somewhere before.
I remember having seen that film.
I remember having seen the queen.
I remember having seen this movie before.
I remember having seen you somewhere before.
I remember he smelt.
I remember hearing a very similar story to that.
I remember hearing about Tom.
I remember hearing about her.
I remember hearing about him.
I remember hearing about them.
I remember hearing that music somewhere.
I remember hearing the story once.
I remember hearing this tune before.
I remember her a lot.
I remember her daughter.
I remember her face, but I don't remember her name.
I remember her face, but I don’t remember her name.
I remember her very well.
I remember her.
I remember him as a cute, bright little boy.
I remember him saying something about that.
I remember him well.
I remember him with gratitude and love.
I remember him.
I remember his face but I can't call his name to mind.
I remember his face but I can't remember his name.
I remember his face but I can’t call his name to mind.
I remember his face but I can’t remember his name.
I remember his face, but I don't remember his name.
I remember his face, but his name is not coming to me.
I remember his fingernails changed color.
I remember his name now.
I remember his words.
I remember hitting Tom.
I remember hitting her.
I remember how Tom used to be.
I remember how angry you made me.
I remember how badly Tom treated me.
I remember how excited I was when I found my first treasures as a kid.
I remember how good it was.
I remember how grateful Tom was.
I remember how he used to be.
I remember how he was.
I remember how impolite Tom was.
I remember how it happened.
I remember how it started.
I remember how much I struggled to learn Berber.
I remember how that was.
I remember how this works.
I remember how well you did that.
I remember in art class in elementary school, we were made to wear smocks so our clothes wouldn't get splattered with paint.
I remember it all.
I remember it as if it were yesterday, but in reality it was fifteen years ago.
I remember it as if it were yesterday.
I remember it being bigger.
I remember it happened on a Monday.
I remember it like it happened yesterday.
I remember it like it was yesterday.
I remember it like today.
I remember it now.
I remember it perfectly.
I remember it very distinctly.
I remember it very well.
I remember it vividly.
I remember it well.
I remember it!
I remember it, too.
I remember it.
I remember last Christmas.
I remember last night perfectly.
I remember last night very well.
I remember last night well.
I remember last summer's adventure.
I remember last summer’s adventure.
I remember laughing.
I remember learning German from German children in those days.
I remember like it was yesterday my dad coming back from France.
I remember listening to the tapes.
I remember locking the door.
I remember mailing the letter.
I remember mailing your letter yesterday.
I remember many of the stories my grandmother told me.
I remember many things.
I remember meeting Tom at a conference in Boston.
I remember meeting Tom in Australia.
I remember meeting Tom in Boston.
I remember meeting her somewhere.
I remember meeting him in Paris.
I remember meeting him somewhere.
I remember meeting that gentleman before.
I remember meeting that man at Cambridge before.
I remember meeting that man before.
I remember meeting that man once in Cambridge.
I remember meeting the queen.
I remember meeting them somewhere.
I remember meeting you a few years ago.
I remember meeting you before.
I remember meeting you in Australia.
I remember meeting you in Boston.
I remember meeting you somewhere.
I remember mentioning it once or twice.
I remember my art class in my private school La Salle Green Hills in the Philippines. There was a blonde British teacher there who spoke English, not Tagalog. It was difficult for other people to understand her accent.
I remember my childhood clearly.
I remember my childhood well.
I remember my childhood with pleasure.
I remember my first day in school.
I remember my high school classmate, the blond Andrew Wassenaar, during P.E. Class, as I was doing back flexibility tests, telling me that I was "like a frog." He thought that I was similar to a Francophone Canadian.
I remember my last days in the tropics, when I ate shrimp crackers and an elder said that I could not get those delicacies in the northern country to which I was going.
I remember my mother spanking me a lot.
I remember my mother teaching me the alphabet.
I remember my mother telling me about it.
I remember my mother telling me that.
I remember my mother when I see this.
I remember my own teenage years and the challenges.
I remember my parents telling me about it.
I remember my parents telling me about that.
I remember my password, but I don't remember my username.
I remember my school days very well.
I remember my student days.
I remember no such thing.
I remember nothing.
I remember noticing that the white camellia was the same color as her smooth forehead “that looked like marble and smelt like myrrh”, that the red camellia matched the color in her cheeks and lips.
I remember now.
I remember one fellow in particular.
I remember one poem in particular.
I remember owning a shareware copy of Wolfenstein 3D.
I remember perfectly.
I remember playing the original Pac-Man game when I was a kid.
I remember playing with Yoshiko in that garden when we were young.
I remember playing with magnets in kindergarten.
I remember playing with those.
I remember posting the letter yesterday.
I remember posting this letter.
I remember posting your letter yesterday.
I remember raping her.
I remember reading about a dog that had eaten its owner.
I remember reading about it.
I remember reading about that.
I remember reading about those twins in the newspaper.
I remember reading something about a dog that ate its master.
I remember reading that book when I was a student.
I remember reading that book.
I remember reading the book three times when I was young.
I remember reading the book.
I remember reading this book.
I remember reading this novel before.
I remember reading this novel.
I remember returning the book to the library.
I remember riding home on a pickup truck last Sunday.
I remember saying that.
I remember seeing Tom and Mary do that.
I remember seeing Tom do that.
I remember seeing Tom doing that.
I remember seeing Tom there.
I remember seeing her before.
I remember seeing her once on the street.
I remember seeing her once.
I remember seeing her somewhere.
I remember seeing her.
I remember seeing him before.
I remember seeing him once.
I remember seeing him somewhere before.
I remember seeing him somewhere.
I remember seeing him.
I remember seeing it.
I remember seeing something like that.
I remember seeing that film.
I remember seeing that gentleman before.
I remember seeing that gentleman somewhere.
I remember seeing that man somewhere before.
I remember seeing that movie.
I remember seeing the gentleman before.
I remember seeing the movie before.
I remember seeing the movie.
I remember seeing the queen.
I remember seeing them.
I remember seeing this before.
I remember seeing this movie before.
I remember seeing those pictures.
I remember seeing you all somewhere.
I remember seeing you at that party.
I remember seeing you before.
I remember seeing you last year.
I remember seeing you somewhere.
I remember singing scales every day during music lessons.
I remember singing that song long ago.
I remember singing this song with you years ago.
I remember sitting beside my dad in the back seat of the car listening to music.
I remember someone telling me that.
I remember something about that.
I remember something.
I remember studying French with Tom.
I remember talking to Tom, but I don't remember what that conversation was about.
I remember talking to Tom, but I don't remember what we talked about.
I remember talking to Tom.
I remember telling Tom about that.
I remember telling Tom that joke.
I remember telling Tom that news.
I remember telling Tom that.
I remember telling her that news.
I remember telling you about it.
I remember telling you so.
I remember that I closed the door.
I remember that I gave Tom the key.
I remember that I gave her the key.
I remember that I gave him the key.
I remember that I met her somewhere.
I remember that I met him somewhere.
I remember that I met the queen.
I remember that I once received an autograph letter from Santa Claus, full of good counsels.
I remember that I used to scribble things on my eraser during class.
I remember that Lenin listened to theremin in 1920 (but of course I wasn't there in person at that time).
I remember that Tom said that.
I remember that Tom was kind of cute.
I remember that Tom was wearing a brown hat.
I remember that Tom wasn't wearing a jacket that morning.
I remember that Venice was like a labyrinth full of old alleyways and canals.
I remember that a letter is sent.
I remember that all too well.
I remember that clearly.
I remember that day clearly.
I remember that day like it was yesterday.
I remember that day very well.
I remember that day well.
I remember that day.
I remember that episode.
I remember that evening.
I remember that feeling.
I remember that guy.
I remember that happening.
I remember that he said that.
I remember that it was winter because it was really cold and snowy.
I remember that kids in high school would draw on their jeans with a ballpoint pen.
I remember that last December was very snowy.
I remember that last October we were very busy.
I remember that laugh.
I remember that laundromat in Paris.
I remember that like it was yesterday.
I remember that long road trop across Algeria.
I remember that man's face, but not his name.
I remember that man's name very well.
I remember that man... He spoke so much that it got invasive! And his wife's cut from the same cloth, she couldn't put a sock in it...
I remember that man’s name very well.
I remember that night.
I remember that one day, when I was a child, I went to see Notre-Dame's great bell.
I remember that one time Erik, after finding out I had crashed into his car with my bike and left a sizable dent, kicked my ass.
I remember that place.
I remember that quite clearly.
I remember that she wore a green hat.
I remember that situation.
I remember that speech.
I remember that the plane was empty.
I remember that the weather was good that day.
I remember that time vividly.
I remember that vividly.
I remember that we lost.
I remember that word.
I remember that you said that you had a car.
I remember that you wanted children.
I remember that you were in Australia for a short while.
I remember that!
I remember that.
I remember the Christmases when I was little.
I remember the Usenet days.
I remember the cold and winter nights in the village.
I remember the date accurately.
I remember the date when I first ate a date.
I remember the day I first met you.
I remember the day I met Tom.
I remember the day I met her.
I remember the day I met him.
I remember the day I met them.
I remember the day I met you.
I remember the day Tom broke his leg.
I remember the day that I met you.
I remember the day that we met.
I remember the day we met.
I remember the day when the accident happened.
I remember the day when we first met.
I remember the day you were born very well.
I remember the dream I had when I slept in your arms.
I remember the event as clearly as if it had happened just yesterday.
I remember the event as vividly as if it were just yesterday.
I remember the fact that you're my brother.
I remember the first time I ever saw Tom.
I remember the first time I heard this song.
I remember the first time I kissed you.
I remember the first time I listened to this song.
I remember the first time I met you.
I remember the first time I saw Tom.
I remember the first time that I ever saw Tom.
I remember the first time that I heard this song.
I remember the first time that I met you.
I remember the first time that we met.
I remember the first time we met.
I remember the first time you came to the mosque.
I remember the first time.
I remember the four days that I spent in Kabylie.
I remember the happy days we spent together.
I remember the horror I felt when she screamed.
I remember the hot soup and the coffee with milk that my grandma would treat me with every time I'd stop by her house to visit.
I remember the house where I grew up.
I remember the letter.
I remember the living and I can't forget the dead.
I remember the love we shared, but it no longer exists for me.
I remember the man's face but I can't call his name to mind.
I remember the man's face, but forgot his name.
I remember the man’s face but I can’t call his name to mind.
I remember the night I first saw the Milky Way.
I remember the night Tom met Mary.
I remember the night when I first saw the Milky Way.
I remember the past.
I remember the plane was empty.
I remember the sound of your laugh.
I remember the sting, both physical and emotional.
I remember the time when he returned.
I remember the time when the Germans called the Euro "Esperantogeld" to mean that it would never happen. Of course, none of the people who said that would admit it today. It's the peculiarity of paradigms to seem so natural that one cannot imagine having lived in a different paradigm, even an opposite one, in the past.
I remember the times when you were still with me.
I remember the tropical house with its neglected swimming pool full of tadpoles.
I remember the warmth of her arms.
I remember the warmth of his arms.
I remember the way Tom used to flirt with Mary.
I remember the way you used to dance.
I remember the way you used to flirt with Tom.
I remember the way you used to look at Tom.
I remember the word.
I remember the words to the song, but I can't remember the melody.
I remember the year when he began working and earning money.
I remember the year when he got a job.
I remember them now.
I remember them very well.
I remember them well.
I remember them.
I remember these faces.
I remember this map.
I remember this music.
I remember this old house.
I remember this photo.
I remember this place.
I remember this poem.
I remember this pretty well.
I remember this song.
I remember this story.
I remember this word.
I remember this.
I remember those beautiful days.
I remember those days.
I remember those times.
I remember those weekends filled with your music.
I remember tropical parties, which served giant prawns on rice.
I remember turning off the stove.
I remember very clearly that he threw two pistols into the river.
I remember very well our first meeting.
I remember very well what Tom did to them.
I remember visiting Boston.
I remember visiting Tom and Mary in Boston once.
I remember watching Tom.
I remember watching this show when I was a kid.
I remember well the time I first met him.
I remember what I ate.
I remember what I did.
I remember what I said.
I remember what I saw.
I remember what Tom did.
I remember what Tom said.
I remember what Tom used to be like.
I remember what happened last night.
I remember what happened last time we tried doing this.
I remember what happened last time.
I remember what happened.
I remember what he said.
I remember what he used to be like.
I remember what her nails looked like.
I remember what it was.
I remember what my father told me.
I remember what my mother said to me.
I remember what my mother told me.
I remember what she said.
I remember what you said last night.
I remember what you said the other day.
I remember what you said.
I remember what you told me.
I remember when Anna told me she fell in love.
I remember when Cookie was a kitten.
I remember when I first came to Algeria.
I remember when I first saw you.
I remember when I used to go there.
I remember when I was about your age.
I remember when I was small and played with my brothers on the beach.
I remember when I was young, that I had pants with knee patches that had my favorite animated characters on them.
I remember when I was young.
I remember when I was your age.
I remember when Tom and Mary were babies.
I remember when Tom was a baby.
I remember when corporal punishment was allowed in schools.
I remember when food was cheap.
I remember when he was young.
I remember when it happened.
I remember when my old grandpap used to sit out on the porch lightly strumming his guitar.
I remember when she was young.
I remember when they were young.
I remember when we used to cut the umbilical cord with a sharp knife.
I remember when we used to fight all the time.
I remember when we used to never eat vegetables that we didn't grow ourselves.
I remember when we used to play in this park.
I remember when we were young.
I remember when we would play in the park.
I remember when you could buy three of these for a dollar.
I remember when you did that.
I remember when you were just a wee little baby.
I remember when you were young.
I remember where we did that, but I don't remember when.
I remember where we first met.
I remember where we were playing hide-and-seek.
I remember where, but I don't remember when.
I remember writing to Tom.
I remember writing to her.
I remember writing to him.
I remember you appeared on television once.
I remember you fondly.
I remember you often went to Betty's house to tea when you were a little girl.
I remember you often went to Betty’s house to tea when you were a little girl.
I remember you saying something about this.
I remember you saying that.
I remember you talking about her.
I remember you very well.
I remember you were in Australia for a short while.
I remember you were serious, but also silly. You always wanted to be in my pictures.
I remember you when you were about this high.
I remember you.
I remember you. We met three years ago.
I remember your daughter.
I remember your face, but I don't remember your name.
I remember your face, but I don’t remember your name.
I remember your father-in-law; he was funny.
I remember your father.
I remember your grandfather well.
I remember your heavy breathing on me.
I remember your voice so clearly, it's like you were still here.
I remember.
I remembered I loved her.
I remembered I was late and stepped on the gas.
I remembered Mary.
I remembered Tom.
I remembered a song that I had often listened to as a middle schooler, and I sang it softly to myself.
I remembered everybody.
I remembered everything that happened.
I remembered him.
I remembered his words.
I remembered how fond you used to be of music.
I remembered how it was.
I remembered how the smell of food filled the air.
I remembered it all.
I remembered it.
I remembered my mother, who died suddenly.
I remembered one.
I remembered perfectly.
I remembered riding home in a pickup truck last Sunday.
I remembered that I had heard someone describe her as being a beauty. The woman who approached me was certainly that, and of a most uncommon type.
I remembered that I left my keys inside after I closed the door.
I remembered that I live alone.
I remembered that I was late and stepped on the gas.
I remembered that boys will be boys.
I remembered that you were my brother.
I remembered the case well, for it was one in which Holmes had taken an interest on account of the peculiar ferocity of the crime and the wanton brutality which had marked all the actions of the assassin.
I remembered the man.
I remembered the past.
I remembered to do that.
I remembered to lock the door, but I forgot to lock the windows.
I remembered where I was born.
I remembered wrong.
I remembered you immediately.
I remembered you're my sibling.
I remembered your birthday this year, didn't I?
I remind myself that growth lies beyond fear.
I remind you that you are still under oath.
I reminded Mary that she had to do that.
I reminded Mary that she needed to do that.
I reminded Tom and Mary that they had to do that.
I reminded Tom and Mary that they needed to do that.
I reminded Tom that he had to do that.
I reminded Tom that he needed to do that.
I reminded Tom that he needed to have his oil changed.
I reminded him of his duties.
I reminded him of his interview with the president.
I reminded him of it so that he didn't forget.
I reminded him of it so that he wouldn't forget.
I reminded him to write to his mother soon.
I reminded my son to get up during the night to urinate.
I reminded you about the past.
I reminisced about everything that transpired.
I remodeled the kitchen.
I remonstrate with my boss about my performance evaluation.
I remonstrated with him about his treatment of his children.
I removed a weight from his heart.
I removed her bra.
I removed her number after severing our friendship.
I removed it.
I removed my gloves.
I removed my jacket.
I removed one.
I removed the English and Japanese language links.
I removed the English and Japanese links.
I removed the mask.
I removed the screw.
I removed the screws.
I removed the sticker.
I removed the tag "simple past," which seemed inappropriate.
I removed their names from the list.
I renamed the Gulf of Mexico the Gulf of America.
I renamed the file.
I renounce everything as long as I can be with you.
I renovated my house.
I rent a car from my friend.
I rent a room by the month.
I rented Tom's old house and lived there for three years.
I rented a beach house in Algeria.
I rented a beach house.
I rented a bicycle for Tom.
I rented a boat by the hour.
I rented a car while I was in Australia.
I rented a car yesterday.
I rented a car.
I rented a house in the suburbs.
I rented a house while I was in Boston.
I rented a house with a garage.
I rented a pair of skis.
I rented a place in Boston.
I rented a rowboat.
I rented a small plane.
I rented a snowboard.
I rented a tux for a wedding.
I rented a tux for prom.
I rented a videotape this morning.
I rented an apartment next to yours.
I rented an apartment when I lived in Australia.
I rented an apartment when I lived in Boston.
I rented one.
I rented out a small house in Algiers.
I rented out the guest bedroom.
I repaid him the money I owed him.
I repair broken phones.
I repair computers almost every day.
I repaired one.
I repaired the clock, it is now in order.
I repaired the radio for him.
I repeat it by way of caution.
I repeat it for you once and for all!
I repeat it, and say that the world is but a flock of sheep.
I repeat that the lady is his wife and not his sister.
I repeat, "Above all, it's important not to exaggerate."
I repeat, do not arrive late!
I repeated exactly what he had said.
I repeated his exact statement.
I repeated my name.
I repeated myself.
I repeated that.
I repeated the same thing numerous times.
I repeated the word several times for her.
I repeated what he said exactly as he had said it.
I repeated what he said word for word.
I repeated what he said, in the exact same way he said it.
I repented.
I rephrased the sentence. It wasn't natural.
I replaced Skura.
I replaced a blown bulb.
I replaced my computer.
I replaced the battery in my clock.
I replaced the broken cups with new ones.
I replaced the faulty part, but the problem still persists.
I replaced the tap in the kitchen.
I replaced the toilet.
I replanted it in a larger pot.
I replied as soon as I could.
I replied automatically when I heard my name.
I replied that I did not know.
I replied that I didn't have parents any more.
I replied that I was coming.
I replied that I would come.
I replied to the police that everything was under control.
I replied to you.
I replied.
I reply that I also thought that it was a very important subject.
I report to work at 9 o'clock every morning.
I report to work at 9 o’clock every morning.
I reported that to campus police.
I reported that to the police.
I reported the incident to the authorities.
I reported the incident.
I reported the theft of my car to the police.
I reported to him by means of an SMS that he had to stop his work as soon as possible.
I reported to him through an SMS that he had to stop his work as soon as possible.
I represent Tom Jackson.
I represent all of the students in the class when I thank you for the help that you've given us.
I represent an American firm.
I represent hope for everyone.
I represented guys like Tom.
I represented my country.
I represented my university at the conference.
I reprimanded him for his insolence.
I reprimanded him well.
I repurpose old newspaper racks.
I repurpose old phone booths.
I request permission to come aboard.
I request soap.
I request that Tom be held responsible for his wicked deeds.
I request that you not forget to wipe the windows.
I request that your brothers be good and diligent.
I request.
I requested a window seat.
I requested extra salt on my French fries.
I requested extra salt on my french fries.
I requested help.
I requested him to keep me informed.
I requested that he keep me informed.
I require absolute loyalty from all my employees.
I require absolute loyalty of my employees.
I require advice.
I require an apple.
I require that all my employees be on time.
I require two explanations.
I require your advice.
I require your assistance.
I required one thing of her.
I required that John leave at once.
I reread the document.
I reread the notes I've jotted down more than once.
I resat the English class because I failed last year.
I rescheduled.
I rescued Tom.
I rescued a kitten from a shelter.
I rescued a kitten.
I rescued her.
I rescued him.
I rescued the cat.
I rescued them.
I rescued this wolf cub from a bear trap and took care of him.
I rescued you.
I research French with Tom three times each week.
I resemble my mother.
I resent his rude attitude.
I resent that implication.
I resent that.
I resent the dentist who hurt my teeth.
I resent the self-confident nations.
I resent the way he treated me.
I resent their rude attitude.
I resent these implications.
I resent you for being successful.
I resent your cynical remarks.
I resent your implication that I am engaged to you only because of your money.
I resent your implication.
I resented Tom.
I resented his superiority.
I reserve the right to be wrong.
I reserved a place.
I reserved a seat.
I reserved a spot.
I reserved my hotel room three weeks in advance.
I reserved that time for Tom.
I reside in Algiers.
I reside in Hyogo.
I reside in the village.
I resign.
I resigned from my position as club treasurer.
I resigned from my work.
I resigned from the army immediately after I got busted.
I resigned last week.
I resigned myself to no longer complaining.
I resigned myself to restrain my feelings.
I resigned this week.
I resigned today.
I resigned.
I resist change in my life.
I resisted all pressure to stay for lunch, and I set off at once upon my return journey, taking the grass-grown path by which we had come.
I resisted.
I resolutely refused.
I resolved I would do my best.
I resolved myself to go.
I resolved that I would work harder.
I resolved to break up with her cleanly.
I resolved to keep a diary this year.
I resolved to spend the rest of my life pursuing my ideals.
I resolved to study harder.
I resorted to the help of law enforcement.
I respect Algeria.
I respect Islam.
I respect Mr. Brown.
I respect Muslims.
I respect Silya.
I respect Tom a lot.
I respect Tom's views, even though I don't agree with them.
I respect Tom, even if I don't agree with some of the things he says.
I respect Tom.
I respect all my team members.
I respect all who always give it their best.
I respect elderly people.
I respect everybody's opinion.
I respect everyone here.
I respect everyone's opinion.
I respect her selflessness.
I respect her so much.
I respect her.
I respect him as a writer and as a man.
I respect him because he had the balls to come in and face me.
I respect him more than I used to respect myself.
I respect him, even if I don't agree with some of his views.
I respect him.
I respect his decision.
I respect his poised bearing.
I respect his selflessness.
I respect his views, even if I don't agree with many of them.
I respect my English teacher, Mr. Taniguchi.
I respect my French teacher.
I respect my opponents.
I respect my teacher very much.
I respect my teachers.
I respect my uncle, so I named my first son John after him.
I respect myself.
I respect other people's opinions, but I like mine more.
I respect people like that.
I respect people's autonomy and choose not to interfere in their personal matters.
I respect people.
I respect the Berber language.
I respect the choices that you've made.
I respect the decision that you made.
I respect the decision you made.
I respect the elderly.
I respect the field of literature.
I respect the mister's point of view.
I respect the praying mantis as a living being!
I respect the praying mantis as a living creature!
I respect the way you approach problems.
I respect the way you approach the world.
I respect their choice as a couple.
I respect them.
I respect those older than me.
I respect those who always do their best.
I respect those who make different choices.
I respect you and Tom.
I respect you and your opinions.
I respect you because you're the way you are.
I respect you for telling the cold, hard facts.
I respect you for telling things as they are.
I respect you for what you have done.
I respect you more than any woman I've ever met.
I respect you more than anyone.
I respect you, Tom.
I respect you.
I respect your decision.
I respect your family.
I respect your honesty; I want to practice that in my life.
I respect your hustle.
I respect your ideas.
I respect your opinion, Tom.
I respect your opinion.
I respect your personal space.
I respect your point of view.
I respect your right to privacy.
I respect your talent.
I respect your viewpoint.
I respect your views.
I respected Tom.
I respected her.
I respected him.
I respected my teachers.
I respected some young writers.
I respected the woods.
I respected them.
I respected you.
I responded badly to him.
I responded differently.
I responded quickly.
I responded to the newspaper ad to model for Victoria's Secret's plus size clothing line.
I responded with pleasure.
I rest in tall, green grass, in peace. Around me grilling does not cease.
I rest in the knowledge that all things pass in time.
I rest my case.
I rest on Sunday.
I rest on your promise.
I rested a bit and I feel better.
I rested as long as I could.
I rested as much as I wanted.
I rested at home.
I rested in the shade of a plant.
I rested in the shade of a tree.
I rested my elbows on my knees and crossed my fingers under my chin.
I rested my tired feet on the bed.
I rested my weary head on the pillow and closed my eyes.
I rested under a large tree.
I rested.
I restrained myself from bursting into thunderous laughter.
I restrained myself from commenting on my beloved friend this time.
I restrained myself.
I resumed his journey on my own.
I resumed my hissing.
I resumed my place at the table; but the dinner was finished, and the wine had no further relish.
I resumed my whistling.
I resumed paddling.
I resumed regular breathing.
I resumed walking.
I resumed watching the movie.
I resumed whistling.
I retained strong links with Algeria.
I retaliate.
I retaliated.
I retire in four years' time.
I retired at sixty.
I retired in 2013.
I retired last year.
I retired three years ago.
I retired to the countryside.
I retired when I got married.
I retired when I was sixty years old.
I retired.
I retraced my steps but still no keys.
I retranslated the English.
I retreated.
I return her smile.
I return to Australia in October.
I return to Boston in October.
I return to Semoune.
I return walking.
I returned Tom's book to him.
I returned because I ran out of money.
I returned fire.
I returned from Australia on October 20th.
I returned from Australia yesterday.
I returned from Boston on October 20th.
I returned from Boston three months ago.
I returned from Boston yesterday.
I returned from abroad.
I returned from school.
I returned from the village yesterday.
I returned from work to find the house empty.
I returned his book to him.
I returned home after an absence of two years.
I returned home at seven o'clock.
I returned home by train.
I returned home for something I had forgotten, and found the food delivery person standing in front of the door.
I returned home from Australia yesterday.
I returned home from Boston yesterday.
I returned home in time.
I returned home on time.
I returned home that night.
I returned home to eat.
I returned home.
I returned immediately.
I returned it to Tom.
I returned my key to the hotel's reception.
I returned on October 20th.
I returned the book to its shelf.
I returned the book to the library.
I returned the book, but it's still showing up in my account.
I returned the books I borrowed from the library, and I borrowed some new ones.
I returned the greeting.
I returned the knife that I borrowed.
I returned the knife which I had borrowed.
I returned the money to Maria.
I returned the shirt because it was too small.
I returned to Algeria after this.
I returned to Algeria.
I returned to Algiers.
I returned to Australia in 2013.
I returned to Australia on Monday.
I returned to Australia on October 20th.
I returned to Boston in 2013.
I returned to Boston on Monday.
I returned to Boston on October 20th.
I returned to Boston yesterday.
I returned to Japan.
I returned to Milan that evening.
I returned to Senegal 10 years later.
I returned to Tim Hortons café at night. I was drinking an Iced Coffee with Oat Milk at a corner near the bay window overlooking the darkness of the intersection outside. My neighbours, Ming (Richard) and his white wife Linda, were having a "banquet" on the long table with the ice hockey rink graphic. The couple liked to frequent Victoria, BC. I said that I remembered a big beautiful boarding house there, antique and owned by a gentle Sinospheric family. In the café, at a different corner near the bay window, were a foursome sharing a table together: two head-covered Arabic ladies and two Sinospheric ladies. They all were having a lively chat. It was the 23rd of January of 2025.
I returned to bed with herbal tea and a piece of cake.
I returned to my home country.
I returned to my home this spring.
I returned to my hometown after five years' absence.
I returned to my hometown after five years’ absence.
I returned to my hotel room.
I returned to my house.
I returned to my native village after two years' absence.
I returned to my native village after two years’ absence.
I returned to my seat.
I returned to my work.
I returned to the Government on the shoulders of the people.
I returned to the airport.
I returned to the cafe in the afternoon of the 7th of November of 2021. As I lined up to order my iced green tea, two dark-haired white men in black leather with three small children were ahead of me. One girl was dressed in a pink Halloween costume. Yes, for some like me, Halloween extends through Christmas.
I returned to the car.
I returned to the house.
I returned to the living room.
I returned to the office.
I returned to the village.
I returned to work.
I returned today.
I returned without delay.
I returned, and saw under the sun, that the race is not to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, neither yet bread to the wise, nor yet riches to men of understanding, nor yet favor to men of skill; but time and chance happen to them all.
I retweeted that tweet.
I revealed the secret.
I revealed the truth of the matter.
I revere this book.
I reversed.
I reviewed my Berber vocabulary flashcards.
I reviewed the budget, and decided to cut costs.
I reviewed the file.
I reviewed the lesson three times that evening.
I revise my lessons almost every day.
I revised all night for the exam.
I revised everything before the exam.
I revised my theory.
I revisited a book I read long ago.
I rewarded Tom.
I rewarded my pigeons with food for climbing onto the box.
I rewound the cassette.
I rewrote everything from scratch.
I rewrote it.
I rewrote my report.
I rewrote one.
I rewrote the sentence.
I rid the garden of the weeds.
I ride a bicycle almost every day.
I ride a bicycle to school every day.
I ride a bike to work.
I ride a horse.
I ride a motorcycle.
I ride a scooter.
I ride my bike to school.
I ride my bike to work.
I ride my horse almost every day.
I ride my motorcycle to work.
I ride my motorcycle, even on rainy days.
I ride public transportation.
I ride the bus every day.
I ride the bus to school.
I ride the subway every day.
I ride the subway to school.
I ring her every evening.
I ring him every evening.
I ring him every night.
I rinsed it thoroughly.
I rinsed one.
I rinsed the dishes.
I ripped my pants.
I ripped open the envelope.
I ripped the envelope open.
I ripped up the newspaper.
I ripped up the note and threw it away.
I rise like the tide, steady and strong.
I rise with each passing day.
I rise with hope as my guide.
I rise with hope in my heart.
I rise with the courage of the earth.
I rise with the courage of the night.
I rise with the dawn, unafraid of the day.
I rise with the sun, full of hope.
I rise, unshaken by the storm.
I risked everything.
I risked going to jail.
I risked my ass for you.
I risked my life for it.
I risked my life for you.
I risked my life revealing this.
I roam around like a nomad.
I robbed Tom.
I robbed a bank this morning.
I robbed a convenience store with Tom.
I robbed a thief.
I rock a lot of polka dots.
I rocked the baby in my arms.
I rocked the baby on my knee.
I rocked the baby to sleep.
I rode Tom's horse.
I rode a bicycle.
I rode a bike a lot.
I rode a horse for the first time yesterday.
I rode a horse last week for the first time.
I rode a motorcycle for three years before I started driving a car.
I rode a unicycle today.
I rode all over the countryside on horseback.
I rode around the country on horseback.
I rode fifty miles that day.
I rode home with Tom last night.
I rode in a hot air balloon.
I rode my bicycle a lot today.
I rode my bicycle to the store.
I rode my bike seven blocks to school.
I rode my bike to the dentist in the rain.
I rode my bike.
I rode my horse to the lake.
I rode on a horse.
I rode on horseback.
I rode on the back of my friend's bicycle.
I rode one.
I rode the elevator to the third level.
I rode to Potsdam.
I rode up in the elevator with Tom.
I rode with Tom.
I rode with her as far as the station.
I roll my own cigarettes.
I roll.
I rolled around in the bed.
I rolled around like a dog.
I rolled down both windows.
I rolled down my window all the way, turned on my dome light, and rested my hands on the steering wheel to show that I wasn't reaching for a weapon.
I rolled one up.
I rolled out of bed last night.
I rolled out of bed.
I rolled out the dough.
I rolled over in bed.
I rolled over on the bed.
I rolled the ball into the mud.
I rolled the dice.
I rolled the dough to make some cookies.
I roomed with Tom while I was in college.
I roomed with Tom.
I roomed with a delegate from Algeria.
I root for the French national team because I identify with the country and because my grandpa was from there. I loved him very much.
I rose early and went out to the field.
I rose from the dead.
I rose once in a while and went to the window, but could see no one to whom the pale face could have belonged.
I rose to my feet, stared at him for some seconds in utter amazement, and then it appears that I must have fainted for the first and the last time in my life.
I rose, opened my door, and peeped out.
I rose.
I rowed the boat while Dad steered.
I rub the soles of my feet with pumice in order to smooth them.
I rubbed his spots with these leaves.
I rubbed my eyes and stared. And I saw the most extraordinary little fellow studying me intently.
I rubbed my eyes to see the image projecting in front of me.
I rubbed my feet.
I rubbed my hands from how cold it was.
I rubbed my name out.
I rubbed my sleepy eyes.
I rue the day I crossed paths with this asshole.
I rue the day I met them.
I ruffled his hair.
I ruin everything I get my bony hands on.
I ruined Mina.
I ruined everything.
I ruined her life.
I ruined it all.
I ruined it.
I ruined lots of lives.
I ruined my chance.
I ruined my clothing.
I ruined one of my best shirts when I spilled some battery acid on the sleeve.
I ruined the dishwasher.
I ruined the lunch.
I ruined the moment.
I ruined the rug.
I ruined the whole show.
I ruined the whole thing.
I rule the world through words.
I ruled.
I rummaged through the plastic grocery bag.
I run 10 kilometers every day.
I run a charity.
I run a fake numbers station just to troll people.
I run a lot as a method for the Olympics.
I run a lot.
I run a motel.
I run a small business.
I run a successful business.
I run a tight ship.
I run a very serious business.
I run as fast as Jim.
I run at least a kilometer every morning.
I run at least a kilometre every morning.
I run before breakfast every morning.
I run every day.
I run every morning.
I run faster in spring.
I run faster than Inge.
I run faster than Tom.
I run faster than you.
I run five miles a day.
I run in the park.
I run into Tom all the time.
I run into Tom occasionally.
I run into all kinds of people in my line of work.
I run into him sometimes at the club.
I run my own business.
I run quickly.
I run six miles a day.
I run ten kilometers a day.
I run ten kilometers daily.
I run ten kilometres a day.
I run the restaurant.
I run this place.
I run three kilometers every morning.
I run through the hop-yard, scaring the crows, and being spotted by the farmer.
I run to the toilet every thirty minutes.
I run twice a week.
I run two times per week.
I run worse than Usain Bolt.
I run, run, and run.
I run.
I rung the bell countless times, but nobody came.
I rushed Tom to the hospital.
I rushed and lost money.
I rushed away.
I rushed back inside the house.
I rushed back inside.
I rushed down the stairs.
I rushed inside.
I rushed into his arms and held myself tightly to him.
I rushed into his arms, and he enveloped me in a strong embrace.
I rushed off home.
I rushed out of my house.
I rushed out this morning and didn't make any food.
I rushed out to see what was going on.
I rushed outside.
I rushed over to Rima's house.
I rushed to Dad.
I rushed to Grannie's house and it wasn't locked, so I went inside.
I rushed to Grannie’s house and it wasn’t locked, so I went inside.
I rushed to catch the bus.
I rushed to catch the train in time.
I rushed to my car.
I rushed to the TV so I wouldn't miss the game.
I rushed to the TV so I wouldn’t miss the game.
I rushed to the awaiting helicopter.
I rushed to turn on the TV so I wouldn't miss that game.
I rushed towards him.
I rushed towards you.
I rushed upstairs to make sure that she was not in the house.
I rushed upstairs.
I sacked Tom.
I sacked him.
I sacrificed a lot in order to educate my daughter.
I sacrificed a lot to become who I am.
I sacrificed everything for Tom.
I sacrificed everything.
I sacrificed one.
I saddled the horse myself.
I saddled the horses, sir.
I said "Stop!"
I said "fair fish in the sea."
I said "good night" to my parents and went to bed.
I said 'Quit it'. Can't you see Keiko hates that?
I said I agreed with his departure.
I said I agreed with his exit.
I said I believe in you.
I said I believe you.
I said I can't help you.
I said I could do it, not that I would.
I said I could do that.
I said I couldn't do it.
I said I didn't hear anything.
I said I didn't know Tom.
I said I didn't know you.
I said I didn't need it.
I said I didn't remember.
I said I didn't want a taxi.
I said I don't like it, and that's final.
I said I don't want to talk about it.
I said I had a bomb.
I said I knew Tom.
I said I knew what to do next.
I said I liked it.
I said I liked what he had made for dinner, but I was only being polite.
I said I liked what she had made for dinner, but I was only being polite.
I said I might be going to Australia next weekend.
I said I might be going to Boston next weekend.
I said I needed a tablespoon, not a teaspoon.
I said I needed your help.
I said I saw Tom.
I said I still don't know.
I said I think I found something.
I said I think I might be ready.
I said I thought it was funny.
I said I told Tom to go.
I said I want the truth!
I said I wanted to do that.
I said I wanted to eat.
I said I wanted to talk to Tom.
I said I was alone, didn't I?
I said I was busy.
I said I was fine.
I said I was going to do that.
I said I was hungry.
I said I was in the house.
I said I was sad.
I said I was sorry.
I said I was tired.
I said I wasn't busy.
I said I wasn't going to pick mushrooms with them.
I said I wasn't guilty.
I said I wasn't hungry.
I said I wasn't ready.
I said I wasn't serious.
I said I wasn't willing to do that.
I said I would do my best.
I said I would do that!
I said I would handle it.
I said I would help you.
I said I would help.
I said I would make her happy.
I said I would ring again later.
I said I would tell you.
I said I would try.
I said I wouldn't do that.
I said I wouldn't help you.
I said I wouldn't see Tom again.
I said I wouldn't tell Tom.
I said I wouldn't tell her.
I said I wouldn't tell him.
I said I wouldn't tell them.
I said I wouldn't worry.
I said I'd be more open.
I said I'd be there.
I said I'd be willing to do that.
I said I'd buy you a drink, so here.
I said I'd do it.
I said I'd do that.
I said I'd figure it out.
I said I'd get it.
I said I'd go.
I said I'd have to think about it.
I said I'd have to think about that.
I said I'd help.
I said I'd look after Tom.
I said I'd look after her.
I said I'd look after him.
I said I'd look after them.
I said I'd look after you.
I said I'd sing.
I said I'd stay for a couple days.
I said I'd talk to Tom about it.
I said I'd tell you the truth.
I said I'd think about it.
I said I'd try.
I said I'd wait for Tom.
I said I'd wait for her.
I said I'd wait for him.
I said I'd wait for them.
I said I'd wait for you.
I said I'd wait.
I said I'll be fine.
I said I'll do it.
I said I'll do that for you.
I said I'll get it.
I said I'll think about it.
I said I'm fine.
I said I'm not going to do that again.
I said I'm not going to do that anymore.
I said I'm sorry.
I said I'm terrible at dancing.
I said I'm tired of it.
I said Islam respects women, not Muslim men.
I said OK.
I said Paul was out, but that Mary was at home.
I said Tom and Mary are friends.
I said Tom could stay with us tonight.
I said Tom didn't do it.
I said Tom is a friend.
I said Tom looked tired.
I said a complex tanru.
I said a very foolish thing.
I said all I had to say.
I said all I'm going to say.
I said all along that he was not a person to be trusted, but you would not listen to me.
I said almost the same thing as Tom did.
I said almost the same thing as you did.
I said as much as I wanted to.
I said as much as I wanted.
I said back off!
I said be quiet!
I said come alone.
I said come back here!
I said come back in an hour.
I said come over here.
I said don't do that.
I said don't talk to me.
I said don't worry about it.
I said drop it!
I said drop your gun!
I said drop your weapon!
I said enough.
I said essentially the same thing that Tom did.
I said essentially the same thing.
I said everything I had to say.
I said everything I knew.
I said everything I wanted to say.
I said everything I wanted to.
I said everything I wanted.
I said everything is alright.
I said everything was fine.
I said everything.
I said exactly what they wanted to hear.
I said get back!
I said get down!
I said get out of my way.
I said get out!
I said get out.
I said get up!
I said go away.
I said go home.
I said good morning to everyone.
I said good morning.
I said good night to everyone.
I said good night to my parents and went to bed.
I said good night.
I said goodbye to Tom.
I said goodbye to a friend at the train station.
I said goodbye to her.
I said goodbye to my sisters.
I said goodbye to them; I gave Jack a hug and Mamie kisses on her cheeks, and I shook Tommy's hand.
I said goodbye.
I said goodnight to my parents and went to bed.
I said he could go.
I said he might go.
I said hello to Debby but she totally ignored me.
I said hello to a friend in the street.
I said hello to her and she smiled.
I said hello to her.
I said hello to him.
I said hello to the police officer when he approached.
I said hello. Didn't you hear?
I said hi to Tom, but he ignored me.
I said hi to Tom.
I said hi.
I said if you wanted soup.
I said ignore it.
I said it as a joke.
I said it by way of a joke.
I said it in jest.
I said it might rain.
I said it on purpose, to make him jealous.
I said it only to placate Tom.
I said it straight to Tom's face! "I can't talk to you if you're drunk."
I said it three times.
I said it to her.
I said it to you, because you are the tallest here.
I said it under my breath.
I said it was OK for Tom to go.
I said it was OK for him to go.
I said it was OK.
I said it was all right.
I said it was an accident.
I said it was fine.
I said it wasn't a very good idea.
I said it wasn't an error.
I said it wasn't possible.
I said it wasn't your fault.
I said it wouldn't work.
I said it!
I said it's Thursday.
I said it's not going to happen.
I said it, but I didn't really mean it.
I said it, damn it!
I said keep your hands up.
I said lay off.
I said leave Tom alone.
I said leave her alone.
I said leave him alone.
I said leave it alone.
I said leave them alone.
I said let Tom go.
I said let her go.
I said let him go.
I said let them go.
I said maybe.
I said my piece.
I said no GMO!
I said no such thing.
I said no!
I said no.
I said not now.
I said not to do that.
I said nothing about it.
I said nothing about the matter.
I said nothing in reply, but turned my face to the wall, sick at heart, with my mind filled with a thousand venomous doubts and suspicions.
I said nothing of the kind.
I said nothing of the sort.
I said nothing that made her angry.
I said nothing that made him angry.
I said nothing to her, which made her upset.
I said nothing, and that made him angry.
I said nothing, but that made him angry.
I said nothing, which made Tom angry.
I said nothing, which made her angry.
I said nothing, which made him all the more angry.
I said nothing, which made him angry.
I said nothing, which made him more furious.
I said nothing.
I said open the door.
I said put it down!
I said put the gun down!
I said put the trash in the trash now.
I said show me that.
I said shut up or I'll have you expelled.
I said shut up or you're expelled.
I said shut up!
I said shut up.
I said sit down.
I said so by way of a joke.
I said so only by guess.
I said so purely in jest.
I said so with a view to pleasing him.
I said so.
I said some things I didn't mean to say.
I said some things I didn't mean.
I said some things I wish I didn't.
I said some things I wish I hadn't said.
I said something I shouldn't have said.
I said something I shouldn't have.
I said something I thought was funny, but no one laughed.
I said something I thought was funny, but nobody laughed.
I said something stupid.
I said something that I shouldn't have said.
I said something that I shouldn't have.
I said something that I thought was funny, but no one laughed.
I said something that I thought was funny, but nobody laughed.
I said something weird, didn't I?
I said something weird.
I said something wrong ... eff me.
I said something.
I said sorry, didn't I?
I said stay back!
I said stay back.
I said stay here.
I said step away.
I said stop it!
I said stop right there!
I said stop this now!
I said stop!
I said stop.
I said such dreadful things to her.
I said such dreadful things to him.
I said such horrible things about Tom. I feel awful.
I said such horrible things about her.
I said such horrible things about him.
I said such horrible things to him. I feel so awful.
I said such horrible things to you.
I said such horrible things to you. I'm sorry.
I said take it.
I said take your time.
I said thanks.
I said that I come from the state of Georgia, not the country!
I said that I could, not that I would.
I said that I did not love her nor would I ever love her.
I said that I did not love him nor would I ever love him.
I said that I didn't go shopping with her.
I said that I didn't remember anything.
I said that I didn't understand French.
I said that I didn't want to do that with Tom.
I said that I didn't want to do that.
I said that I didn’t go shopping with her.
I said that I don't remember having had any toys, and I also don't remember having had any snacks.
I said that I don't want to talk about it.
I said that I don’t remember having had any toys, and I also don’t remember having had any snacks.
I said that I knew what to do next.
I said that I liked Tom.
I said that I thought it was funny.
I said that I wanted to do that.
I said that I was confused.
I said that I was going to do that.
I said that I was just kidding about it.
I said that I wasn't going to pick mushrooms with them.
I said that I will not help her.
I said that I would be twenty next birthday.
I said that I would help Tom.
I said that I would help her.
I said that I would help him.
I said that I would try.
I said that I'd come.
I said that I'd do that.
I said that I'd try.
I said that I'll do that for you.
I said that I'm not going to do that again.
I said that a long time ago.
I said that ages ago.
I said that as a joke.
I said that everything was fine.
I said that from tomorrow, I would smoke no longer.
I said that he had already made too many decisions.
I said that he should not have anything.
I said that it might have rained.
I said that it wasn't true.
I said that it's not going to happen.
I said that quite a long time ago.
I said that the teacher smells like chicken and I think she overheard.
I said that this was a meeting room, not a bedroom!
I said that to Tom's face.
I said that to her.
I said that to him.
I said that to myself.
I said that to please my mother.
I said that was OK.
I said that wasn't what I meant.
I said that with pride.
I said that without thinking.
I said that wrong.
I said that you were good.
I said that's all I know.
I said that's enough.
I said that.
I said the exact same thing to Tom.
I said the opposite!
I said the safe word, but she didn't stop.
I said the same thing to him.
I said the shahada in the mosque library.
I said the shahada.
I said the wrong thing at the wrong time.
I said the wrong thing.
I said there was nothing we could do.
I said there's no one here.
I said things I didn't really mean.
I said this a long time ago.
I said this without thinking.
I said to Chad that you're in a position to influence people.
I said to her, "You look pale. Are you all right?"
I said to myself, "Behold, I have obtained for myself great wisdom above all who were before me in Jerusalem. Yes, my heart has had great experience of wisdom and knowledge."
I said to myself, "I wonder what she means."
I said to myself, "That's a good idea."
I said to myself, "That’s a good idea."
I said to myself.
I said to the king: Your Majesty, please forgive me!
I said to wait for me.
I said too much.
I said turn right.
I said we aren't going to do it.
I said we don't have to hurry.
I said we'd find Tom.
I said we'd find her.
I said we'd find him.
I said we'd find them.
I said we'd get one.
I said we'd take care of it.
I said we'll get one.
I said we'll take care of it.
I said we're closed.
I said we're doing a staring contest!
I said we're finished.
I said what I meant.
I said what I said!
I said what I said.
I said what I thought.
I said what I wanted to say.
I said what I was supposed to say.
I said what do you want?
I said what had to be said.
I said what happened.
I said what she wanted to hear.
I said what they wanted to hear.
I said yes immediately.
I said yes.
I said you are handsome.
I said you could go.
I said you could leave.
I said you were lucky.
I said you were making a mistake.
I said ’Quit it’. Can’t you see Keiko hates that?
I said, "Could you please turn your television down?"
I said, "Five months worth of the Pill, please," and was told "Certainly."
I said, "Is there anything I can do?"
I said, "Sir, let's just go west".
I said, "That's enough!"
I said, I will go up to the palm tree, I will take hold of the boughs thereof.
I said, shut up!
I said: "I'm not interested."
I sail along the coast.
I sail.
I salted the meat.
I salute both of you for your professionalism.
I salute your dedicated work.
I sang a beautiful song.
I sang a duet with Tom.
I sang a lot when I was a child.
I sang a lot when I was a kid.
I sang a song.
I sang about my lovely wife.
I sang alone.
I sang along with the song.
I sang and accompanied myself on the piano.
I sang at church.
I sang for Tom.
I sang for him.
I sang for three hours.
I sang for two hours.
I sang in Berber.
I sang in French.
I sang in Tamazight.
I sang in the choir.
I sang in the church choir for three years.
I sang on television once.
I sang on the podium.
I sang one.
I sang some old songs.
I sang songs all day long and entertained my friends.
I sang that song once already tonight.
I sang the national anthem.
I sang well.
I sang with Tom.
I sang.
I sank into a dark depression.
I sank into the down-filled pillows on the bed.
I sank into the mud and couldn't get free.
I sank into unconsciousness.
I sank my face into the pillow.
I sank.
I sat among them.
I sat an exam yesterday.
I sat and stared at it.
I sat apart from them.
I sat around in the park for quite a while.
I sat as close to the fire as I could get.
I sat as if mesmerised while I received this staggering proposal, which the extraordinary personage beside me made in the matter-of-fact tone of one who is asking another to undertake the posting of a letter.
I sat at a busy bar for the rest of the night.
I sat at a picnic table.
I sat at the bar by myself.
I sat at the bar with Tom.
I sat at the bar.
I sat at the counter by myself.
I sat at the counter.
I sat at the front in order to hear the lecture clearly.
I sat at the river's edge.
I sat at the riverbank, under the shade of an oleander.
I sat back down at my computer and got back to work.
I sat back down at my computer.
I sat back down.
I sat back in the armchair and opened the book.
I sat before the mirror and wept bitterly.
I sat behind a very tall man in the theater.
I sat behind a very tall person at the theater.
I sat beside Tom.
I sat beside her.
I sat between Tom and John.
I sat between Tom and Mary.
I sat between them.
I sat by her side.
I sat by his side.
I sat by myself.
I sat by the campfire.
I sat by the fire.
I sat by the lake and relaxed.
I sat by the pool and read a book.
I sat by the window.
I sat close to the fire.
I sat down across from Tom.
I sat down across from her.
I sat down across from him.
I sat down again.
I sat down and drank tea with Tom.
I sat down and had a meal with the guy who killed Tom.
I sat down and leaned up against the tree.
I sat down and opened my laptop.
I sat down and opened my notebook.
I sat down and read a book.
I sat down and rested.
I sat down and watched them.
I sat down beside her on the floor.
I sat down between them.
I sat down by the telephone.
I sat down in a corner of the room.
I sat down in the armchair.
I sat down in the shade of a tree and read the book.
I sat down next to Tom and he poured me a drink.
I sat down next to Tom.
I sat down next to her.
I sat down next to him.
I sat down next to someone I didn't know.
I sat down on a bench next to Tom.
I sat down on a bench.
I sat down on a log.
I sat down on a rock.
I sat down on the bench next to Tom.
I sat down on the couch next to Tom.
I sat down on the couch next to her.
I sat down on the couch next to him.
I sat down on the couch.
I sat down on the floor next to Tom.
I sat down on the ground next to Tom.
I sat down on the ground.
I sat down on the sand and watched the children playing on the beach.
I sat down on the sofa and gathered my thoughts.
I sat down on the sofa next to Tom.
I sat down on the sofa.
I sat down to eat.
I sat down to gave a snack.
I sat down to set up the chess set.
I sat down to think.
I sat down to translate the sentence shown on the main page into my native language, and half an hour and two dozen sentences later I had to convince myself to stop.
I sat down to wait.
I sat down, leaning my back against the tree.
I sat down.
I sat face to face with you.
I sat for a scholarship.
I sat for about twenty minutes turning the thing over in my mind and trying to find some possible explanation.
I sat for some time and then went away.
I sat for the exam, only to fail.
I sat in complete silence in darkness.
I sat in front of the car.
I sat in front of the fan.
I sat in front.
I sat in my car, listening to music.
I sat in my car, thinking about everything that had happened.
I sat in my car, waiting for Tom.
I sat in my car.
I sat in on part of a law lecture once.
I sat in silence.
I sat in the back today.
I sat in the back with Tom.
I sat in the back.
I sat in the car.
I sat in the front of the bus.
I sat in the front.
I sat in the kitchen flipping through the newspapers.
I sat in the living room.
I sat in the tent.
I sat in the truck.
I sat in the waiting room for what seemed like hours.
I sat in the waiting room while my dog was getting X-rayed.
I sat in the wrong spot.
I sat my exam!
I sat near John.
I sat near Tom.
I sat near the door.
I sat near the window and read a book.
I sat next to John.
I sat next to Tom.
I sat next to a man from Australia.
I sat next to a man on the airplane who snored the whole time.
I sat next to a woman from Boston.
I sat next to her in school.
I sat next to her on the bus.
I sat next to her.
I sat next to him speechless.
I sat next to him.
I sat next to his bed for more than two hours.
I sat next to the driver.
I sat on a bench and waited.
I sat on a bench in front of the sea.
I sat on a log.
I sat on a needle.
I sat on a park bench and read a book.
I sat on a park bench and studied French.
I sat on a park bench and waited for Tom.
I sat on a park bench this morning and read a good book.
I sat on a stool.
I sat on chewing gum.
I sat on one.
I sat on something and broke it.
I sat on the bed's edge.
I sat on the bed.
I sat on the couch.
I sat on the curb.
I sat on the edge of his desk.
I sat on the floor.
I sat on the ground.
I sat on the hall stairs with my head in my hands.
I sat on the large rock.
I sat on the loo, thinking.
I sat on the rocky cliff over the beach and watched the ocean waves until the sunset.
I sat on the sofa.
I sat on the stairs.
I sat on the toilet seat and started pushing to evacuate my bowels but I couldn't because I was constipated.
I sat on this.
I sat outside and studied Japanese.
I sat outside studying Japanese.
I sat over there, pretending that I wasn't listening.
I sat reading a book.
I sat right next to Tom.
I sat smoking a pipe.
I sat still.
I sat stolidly puffing at my pipe and skipping over the pages of Henri Murger's Vie de Bohème.
I sat the exam only to fail it.
I sat the grandmother on the bed.
I sat there by myself for a long time.
I sat there for a long time.
I sat there for a short time, too surprised to move.
I sat there for about three minutes.
I sat there in disbelief.
I sat there in silence.
I sat there with Tom.
I sat there.
I sat under a tree and read the newspaper.
I sat up all last night reading a novel.
I sat up all night.
I sat up in bed and listened intently.
I sat up in bed and rapped my knuckles against the rail to make certain that I was truly awake.
I sat up in the freshness of the morning, trying to remember how I had got there.
I sat up last night until two o'clock watching the Olympic Games on TV.
I sat up last night until two o’clock watching the Olympic Games on TV.
I sat up reading till late last night.
I sat up till late last night.
I sat up until three a.m. waiting for you!
I sat up.
I sat very still.
I sat waiting on a bench.
I sat waiting on the bench.
I sat watching a baseball game on TV.
I sat watching an exciting game on television.
I sat.
I satisfied you, right?
I sautéed vegetables in butter.
I save money by eating at home.
I save my receipts.
I save what money I got.
I saved Mary.
I saved Tom a seat.
I saved Tom's dog from drowning.
I saved Tom's life.
I saved Tom.
I saved a lot of money.
I saved a piece of pie for you.
I saved a seat for Tom.
I saved a slice of chocolate cake for my nephew.
I saved all my photos to the cloud.
I saved for future needs a little money as our marriage fund.
I saved her.
I saved him from a gruesome and dishonorable death.
I saved him from a gruesome and humiliating death.
I saved him from a very gruesome and dishonorable death.
I saved him from death.
I saved him.
I saved it for Tom.
I saved it to my flash drive.
I saved it.
I saved money.
I saved myself.
I saved on travelling expenses by staying at a cheap hotel.
I saved one.
I saved the best for last.
I saved the cat.
I saved the changes.
I saved the file on a flash drive.
I saved the meal for Tom.
I saved the situation with a quick raise of my eyebrows.
I saved up my food for later.
I saved you a piece of pie.
I saved you a seat.
I saved you.
I saved your ass.
I saved your life.
I savor black tea.
I savored every bite of Adriano's steak.
I savored the warm, freshly baked bun.
I savoured the sensations.
I saw "Star Wars" some months ago.
I saw Andrea leaving home.
I saw Andrée go out of the house.
I saw Andrée leave the house.
I saw Andrée leaving the house.
I saw Bill in the library yesterday.
I saw Bob and Mary while I was waiting for Kate.
I saw Bob this morning.
I saw Christine here yesterday.
I saw Dan and Andrei.
I saw Dana.
I saw Dr. Jackson today.
I saw EibhlÃ­n at the library, not Sorcha.
I saw Eibhlín at the library, not Sorcha.
I saw Fadil there with that other woman.
I saw Fred in the street.
I saw Jack yesterday.
I saw Jane go into her classroom with a smile.
I saw Jessie standing there.
I saw Jim and Mary taking a walk hand in hand in the park.
I saw Joe last Sunday.
I saw John at the library.
I saw Juan yesterday.
I saw Julie off at the airport.
I saw Keiko playing tennis after school.
I saw Liz this morning.
I saw Marcus' house.
I saw Marcus's house.
I saw Mary a few minutes ago and she looked tired.
I saw Mary at church today.
I saw Mary before she saw me.
I saw Mary hiding her money.
I saw Mary in Monte Carlo.
I saw Mary in church today.
I saw Mary kill Tom.
I saw Mary kiss Tom.
I saw Mary leaving her house.
I saw Mary looking at herself in the mirror.
I saw Mary looking into a show window.
I saw Mary naked, but I wish I hadn't.
I saw Mary sitting in front of a mirror brushing her hair.
I saw Mary sitting on Tom's lap.
I saw Mary standing there all by herself.
I saw Mary talking with a young man who had long hair.
I saw Mary the other day.
I saw Mary try to kill herself.
I saw Mary with him.
I saw Mary yesterday.
I saw Mary, but she didn't see me.
I saw Michaela and Caroline in the city this afternoon.
I saw Michaela and Caroline in town this afternoon.
I saw Michel last week. He'd been sick for a week.
I saw Michel last week. He’d been sick for a week.
I saw Miss Smith in the theater yesterday.
I saw Mr Yamada at Shinjuku Station this morning.
I saw Mr. Yamada at Shinjuku Station this morning.
I saw Mt Fuji through the train window.
I saw Nils as well.
I saw Nils, too.
I saw Nuja at the bar this afternoon kissing another man.
I saw Nuja leaving the post office.
I saw Osaka Castle.
I saw Professor GÃ³mez yesterday.
I saw Professor Gómez yesterday.
I saw Pulp Fiction yesterday.
I saw Rima in the village.
I saw Rosalie O'Connor recently.
I saw Rosalie O’Connor recently.
I saw Roy and he asked me to pass this along to you.
I saw Sami and Layla at the beach this morning.
I saw Sami at the airport.
I saw Sami leave.
I saw Sami nodding out on the bus.
I saw Sami on the farm.
I saw Santa Claus kissing Mommy.
I saw Shin'ichi in Kakogawa yesterday.
I saw Shinichi in Kakogawa yesterday.
I saw Shin’ichi in Kakogawa yesterday.
I saw Skura enter the post office.
I saw Tom a couple of weeks ago in Australia.
I saw Tom a couple of weeks ago in Boston.
I saw Tom a few minutes ago and he looked tired.
I saw Tom a few minutes ago.
I saw Tom a minute ago.
I saw Tom a moment ago.
I saw Tom a short time ago.
I saw Tom a while ago.
I saw Tom a while back.
I saw Tom across the crowded room.
I saw Tom again last night.
I saw Tom again the next day.
I saw Tom again.
I saw Tom almost every day last week.
I saw Tom and Mary a few minutes ago and they looked tired.
I saw Tom and Mary at a party together.
I saw Tom and Mary at the library.
I saw Tom and Mary at the party, but I didn't speak to them.
I saw Tom and Mary carrying their fishing poles and tackle boxes.
I saw Tom and Mary come in together.
I saw Tom and Mary come out together.
I saw Tom and Mary dancing together at John's party.
I saw Tom and Mary dancing together.
I saw Tom and Mary do that last week.
I saw Tom and Mary do that yesterday.
I saw Tom and Mary do that.
I saw Tom and Mary eating breakfast together.
I saw Tom and Mary eating popsicles.
I saw Tom and Mary fall off their bicycles.
I saw Tom and Mary fall off their bikes.
I saw Tom and Mary get into their car.
I saw Tom and Mary get into their cars.
I saw Tom and Mary go into the library.
I saw Tom and Mary hiding their money.
I saw Tom and Mary holding hands in the park.
I saw Tom and Mary holding hands.
I saw Tom and Mary hugging this morning.
I saw Tom and Mary in the park this morning.
I saw Tom and Mary in the park.
I saw Tom and Mary just this morning.
I saw Tom and Mary kissing again.
I saw Tom and Mary kissing behind the barn.
I saw Tom and Mary kissing each other behind the barn.
I saw Tom and Mary kissing each other.
I saw Tom and Mary kissing.
I saw Tom and Mary last weekend.
I saw Tom and Mary leave together.
I saw Tom and Mary leaving their house.
I saw Tom and Mary looking at themselves in the mirror.
I saw Tom and Mary making out in the movie theater last night.
I saw Tom and Mary making out.
I saw Tom and Mary on the beach this morning.
I saw Tom and Mary playing a game of dominoes.
I saw Tom and Mary playing dominoes.
I saw Tom and Mary playing tennis.
I saw Tom and Mary quarreling.
I saw Tom and Mary shake hands.
I saw Tom and Mary standing there all by themselves.
I saw Tom and Mary swimming together.
I saw Tom and Mary taking a walk in the park.
I saw Tom and Mary talking to each other this morning.
I saw Tom and Mary talking together.
I saw Tom and Mary there together.
I saw Tom and Mary together once.
I saw Tom and Mary together today.
I saw Tom and Mary together.
I saw Tom and Mary walk out together.
I saw Tom and Mary walking arm in arm.
I saw Tom and Mary walking down the street holding hands.
I saw Tom and Mary walking in the park this morning.
I saw Tom and Mary walking side by side.
I saw Tom and Mary walking together in the park this morning.
I saw Tom and Mary walking together.
I saw Tom and Mary wandering off together.
I saw Tom and Mary waving their hands.
I saw Tom and Mary while I was waiting for John.
I saw Tom and Mary whispering.
I saw Tom and Mary yelling at each other yesterday.
I saw Tom and Mary's wedding photos.
I saw Tom and Mary's wedding video.
I saw Tom and Mary.
I saw Tom and could barely recognize him.
I saw Tom and his dog in the park.
I saw Tom and his dog, Cookie, walking in the park.
I saw Tom and his father walking down the street.
I saw Tom and the others.
I saw Tom arguing with Mary.
I saw Tom arrive.
I saw Tom as well.
I saw Tom at church last week.
I saw Tom at church.
I saw Tom at the airport.
I saw Tom at the bar last night.
I saw Tom at the beach last weekend.
I saw Tom at the dance.
I saw Tom at the dog park yesterday.
I saw Tom at the door.
I saw Tom at the funeral today.
I saw Tom at the funeral.
I saw Tom at the grocery store just last week. He was talking my ear off, how he got out of jail on good behavior, spent a year in rehab, yada yada yada. Anyways, he's getting his CDL now, gonna be a trucker.
I saw Tom at the library.
I saw Tom at the mall three hours ago.
I saw Tom at the party, but I didn't speak to him.
I saw Tom at the party.
I saw Tom at the restaurant.
I saw Tom at the station this morning.
I saw Tom at the station.
I saw Tom at the supermarket this morning.
I saw Tom at the supermarket, buying some bread.
I saw Tom at the window.
I saw Tom before he saw me.
I saw Tom being arrested.
I saw Tom being interviewed on TV.
I saw Tom being murdered.
I saw Tom blink.
I saw Tom blush.
I saw Tom break the window.
I saw Tom briefly today.
I saw Tom by the shed.
I saw Tom carrying a gas can.
I saw Tom choking Mary.
I saw Tom climbing in through the window.
I saw Tom climbing up the scaffolding.
I saw Tom climbing up to the window.
I saw Tom come in.
I saw Tom come out of the house.
I saw Tom come out of the library.
I saw Tom coming down the stairs, so I left.
I saw Tom coming in.
I saw Tom coming toward me.
I saw Tom coming up the stairs.
I saw Tom coming.
I saw Tom cough up blood.
I saw Tom cross the street.
I saw Tom crossing the bridge about an hour ago.
I saw Tom crossing the bridge.
I saw Tom crossing the road.
I saw Tom crossing the street.
I saw Tom cry.
I saw Tom crying last night.
I saw Tom crying.
I saw Tom dance once.
I saw Tom dancing with Mary.
I saw Tom dancing with another girl.
I saw Tom die.
I saw Tom digging a hole.
I saw Tom do a Nazi salute.
I saw Tom do it.
I saw Tom do that last week.
I saw Tom do that yesterday.
I saw Tom do that.
I saw Tom do this.
I saw Tom doing it.
I saw Tom doing that earlier today.
I saw Tom doing that in the park yesterday afternoon.
I saw Tom doing that just a few hours ago.
I saw Tom doing that just a while ago.
I saw Tom doing that just this morning.
I saw Tom doing that with my own eyes.
I saw Tom doing that yesterday.
I saw Tom doing that.
I saw Tom doodling.
I saw Tom downtown this afternoon.
I saw Tom drawing a picture.
I saw Tom drinking tequila.
I saw Tom drive up.
I saw Tom driving away.
I saw Tom driving down the road.
I saw Tom driving down the street.
I saw Tom driving your car.
I saw Tom driving.
I saw Tom dying.
I saw Tom earlier this morning.
I saw Tom earlier.
I saw Tom eating a sandwich over there.
I saw Tom eating lunch alone.
I saw Tom eating lunch.
I saw Tom enter that restaurant.
I saw Tom enter the building.
I saw Tom enter the cave.
I saw Tom enter the room.
I saw Tom entering that restaurant.
I saw Tom entering the cave.
I saw Tom fall down from the roof of his house.
I saw Tom fall down.
I saw Tom fall off his bicycle.
I saw Tom fall off his bike.
I saw Tom fall off the roof of his house.
I saw Tom fall three times.
I saw Tom fall.
I saw Tom fighting.
I saw Tom first.
I saw Tom flirt with my wife.
I saw Tom flirting with Mary.
I saw Tom get arrested.
I saw Tom get hit by a car.
I saw Tom get hurt.
I saw Tom get in a car.
I saw Tom get into Mary's car.
I saw Tom get into a taxi.
I saw Tom get into his car.
I saw Tom get off the bus.
I saw Tom get on the train.
I saw Tom get out of a taxi.
I saw Tom get out of the taxi.
I saw Tom get shot.
I saw Tom getting arrested.
I saw Tom getting into Mary's car.
I saw Tom getting into a dark blue van.
I saw Tom getting off the bus.
I saw Tom getting on the elevator.
I saw Tom getting ready.
I saw Tom getting shot.
I saw Tom give Mary a peck on the cheek.
I saw Tom give Mary something in a small box.
I saw Tom give Mary something.
I saw Tom give a flower Mary.
I saw Tom give something to Mary.
I saw Tom go inside.
I saw Tom go into that restaurant.
I saw Tom go into the cave.
I saw Tom go into the store across the street.
I saw Tom go outside.
I saw Tom going into that cave over there.
I saw Tom going into the bank.
I saw Tom going into the cave.
I saw Tom going out.
I saw Tom grab Mary's arm.
I saw Tom grinning.
I saw Tom having a drink at the bar.
I saw Tom having an argument with Mary.
I saw Tom here earlier today.
I saw Tom here in the park just a while ago.
I saw Tom here last night.
I saw Tom here yesterday.
I saw Tom hide something.
I saw Tom hiding his money.
I saw Tom hiding something.
I saw Tom hit Mary.
I saw Tom hitting Mary.
I saw Tom hitting on Mary.
I saw Tom holding Mary's hand.
I saw Tom holding hands with Mary.
I saw Tom holding hands with a girl.
I saw Tom holding your hand.
I saw Tom in Australia last month.
I saw Tom in Australia last week.
I saw Tom in Australia last weekend.
I saw Tom in Australia.
I saw Tom in Boston last month.
I saw Tom in Boston last week.
I saw Tom in Boston last weekend.
I saw Tom in Boston.
I saw Tom in Mary's car.
I saw Tom in Tokyo.
I saw Tom in church last Sunday.
I saw Tom in church today.
I saw Tom in church.
I saw Tom in concert four times.
I saw Tom in handcuffs.
I saw Tom in my dreams.
I saw Tom in the alley.
I saw Tom in the audience.
I saw Tom in the cafeteria.
I saw Tom in the classroom.
I saw Tom in the crowd.
I saw Tom in the doorway.
I saw Tom in the forest.
I saw Tom in the hall.
I saw Tom in the hallway.
I saw Tom in the helicopter.
I saw Tom in the hospital.
I saw Tom in the library yesterday.
I saw Tom in the library.
I saw Tom in the mirror so I turned around and said hi.
I saw Tom in the mirror.
I saw Tom in the park that morning.
I saw Tom in the park the other day.
I saw Tom in the park.
I saw Tom in the parking lot when I left.
I saw Tom in the parking lot.
I saw Tom in the pool.
I saw Tom in the rain.
I saw Tom in the restaurant.
I saw Tom in the river.
I saw Tom in the shadows.
I saw Tom in there.
I saw Tom jump into the pool.
I saw Tom jump off the bridge.
I saw Tom jump.
I saw Tom just a few hours ago.
I saw Tom just a few moments ago.
I saw Tom just now.
I saw Tom just the other day.
I saw Tom just this morning.
I saw Tom kick your dog.
I saw Tom kicking your dog.
I saw Tom kill Mary.
I saw Tom kill the neighbor's cat.
I saw Tom kiss Mary.
I saw Tom kiss you.
I saw Tom kissing John's wife.
I saw Tom kissing Mary behind the barn.
I saw Tom kissing Mary yesterday.
I saw Tom kissing Mary.
I saw Tom kissing another girl at the party.
I saw Tom kissing another girl.
I saw Tom last Monday walking in the park with Mary.
I saw Tom last Monday.
I saw Tom last night in the library.
I saw Tom last night on TV.
I saw Tom last night, or rather very early this morning.
I saw Tom last night.
I saw Tom last week.
I saw Tom last weekend at the club.
I saw Tom last weekend.
I saw Tom laugh.
I saw Tom laughing.
I saw Tom leave about thirty minutes ago.
I saw Tom leave early.
I saw Tom leave his house.
I saw Tom leave the auditorium.
I saw Tom leave the room.
I saw Tom leave.
I saw Tom leaving his house.
I saw Tom leaving the church.
I saw Tom leaving.
I saw Tom less than an hour ago.
I saw Tom limping down the street.
I saw Tom looking at Mary.
I saw Tom looking at himself in the mirror.
I saw Tom looking through the keyhole.
I saw Tom lying next to the ladder, covered in blood.
I saw Tom naked.
I saw Tom off at the airport.
I saw Tom off.
I saw Tom on Monday.
I saw Tom on TV last night.
I saw Tom on TV.
I saw Tom on campus today.
I saw Tom on television.
I saw Tom on the beach this morning.
I saw Tom on the beach.
I saw Tom on the bus.
I saw Tom on the escalator.
I saw Tom on the farm.
I saw Tom on the ground.
I saw Tom on the playground.
I saw Tom on the porch.
I saw Tom on the roof.
I saw Tom on the stairs.
I saw Tom on the train.
I saw Tom out front.
I saw Tom out of the corner of my eye.
I saw Tom out there.
I saw Tom outside earlier.
I saw Tom outside the post office.
I saw Tom outside your door, eavesdropping.
I saw Tom outside your window, listening.
I saw Tom outside.
I saw Tom over there earlier.
I saw Tom panic.
I saw Tom peeping through your window.
I saw Tom pick it up and put it in his pocket.
I saw Tom pick something up.
I saw Tom pick up something.
I saw Tom picking his neighbor's flowers.
I saw Tom picking something up.
I saw Tom play tennis.
I saw Tom playing banjo by the river.
I saw Tom playing basketball.
I saw Tom playing tennis.
I saw Tom playing the flute.
I saw Tom pull out a knife.
I saw Tom pulling up outside.
I saw Tom pushing a stroller down the sidewalk.
I saw Tom reading Mary's diary.
I saw Tom reading Mary's email.
I saw Tom reading a book in the park yesterday afternoon.
I saw Tom reading a newspaper.
I saw Tom riding a horse.
I saw Tom riding on the back of Mary's motorcycle.
I saw Tom rowing across the lake.
I saw Tom running a red light.
I saw Tom running away from Mary.
I saw Tom running down the road.
I saw Tom running down the street.
I saw Tom running.
I saw Tom scolding Mary.
I saw Tom scribbling on the wall.
I saw Tom shoot Mary.
I saw Tom shoot himself.
I saw Tom sitting all alone.
I saw Tom sitting alone on the beach.
I saw Tom sitting alone.
I saw Tom sitting at his desk, reading a book.
I saw Tom sitting at the bar alone, drinking wine.
I saw Tom sitting by himself at the bar.
I saw Tom sitting in his rocking chair.
I saw Tom sitting in the corner by himself.
I saw Tom sitting in the first row.
I saw Tom sitting in the third row.
I saw Tom sitting on Mary's lap.
I saw Tom sitting on the dock.
I saw Tom sitting on the porch.
I saw Tom sitting under that tree three hours ago.
I saw Tom skateboarding.
I saw Tom sleeping in his car.
I saw Tom sleeping on a bench in the park.
I saw Tom slip and fall.
I saw Tom smile yesterday.
I saw Tom smile.
I saw Tom smiling.
I saw Tom smoking a cigarette.
I saw Tom smoking behind the school building.
I saw Tom sneaking out the back door.
I saw Tom sneaking out.
I saw Tom spike Mary's drink.
I saw Tom spiking Mary's drink.
I saw Tom spray painting something on the wall.
I saw Tom standing all alone at the gate.
I saw Tom standing all alone.
I saw Tom standing alone, looking miserable.
I saw Tom standing alone.
I saw Tom standing behind you.
I saw Tom standing in front of the school.
I saw Tom standing in the corner of the room.
I saw Tom standing in the doorway.
I saw Tom standing in the garden.
I saw Tom standing in the middle of the road.
I saw Tom standing near the exit.
I saw Tom standing near the window.
I saw Tom standing next to Mary's motorcycle.
I saw Tom standing on the corner as I drove by.
I saw Tom standing on the other side of the street.
I saw Tom standing outside a cheap motel.
I saw Tom standing over there a moment ago.
I saw Tom standing over there just a while ago.
I saw Tom standing over there not too long ago.
I saw Tom standing over there.
I saw Tom standing there all by himself.
I saw Tom standing there.
I saw Tom staring at Mary's legs.
I saw Tom staring at Mary.
I saw Tom stealing apples from one of your trees.
I saw Tom stealing something out of your purse.
I saw Tom stumble and fall.
I saw Tom stumble.
I saw Tom swim across the river.
I saw Tom swimming across the river.
I saw Tom swimming in the pool.
I saw Tom swimming.
I saw Tom take a French leave moments ago.
I saw Tom take a bribe.
I saw Tom take it.
I saw Tom take the knife.
I saw Tom take your keys.
I saw Tom talking on the phone.
I saw Tom talking to Mary this morning.
I saw Tom talking to Mary.
I saw Tom talking to a beautiful girl.
I saw Tom talking to some children in the park.
I saw Tom talking to the French teacher.
I saw Tom talking to you at the bar.
I saw Tom talking with Mary in front of the library.
I saw Tom talking with Mary.
I saw Tom the day before yesterday.
I saw Tom the other day.
I saw Tom the other day. He helped a kitten that was drowning in the river.
I saw Tom there that night.
I saw Tom there with another woman.
I saw Tom there.
I saw Tom this afternoon with his new girlfriend.
I saw Tom this afternoon.
I saw Tom this morning.
I saw Tom three days ago.
I saw Tom three different times today.
I saw Tom three hours ago.
I saw Tom three weeks ago.
I saw Tom through the windshield.
I saw Tom throw something at your dog.
I saw Tom throw something.
I saw Tom throwing rocks at your dog.
I saw Tom today.
I saw Tom tonight.
I saw Tom trip and fall.
I saw Tom try to kill himself.
I saw Tom try to kiss you.
I saw Tom trying to break into your car.
I saw Tom trying to talk to Mary.
I saw Tom unlock the door.
I saw Tom up there.
I saw Tom waiting at the bus stop.
I saw Tom waiting at the entrance.
I saw Tom waiting for a bus.
I saw Tom waiting for the bus.
I saw Tom waiting in the lobby.
I saw Tom waiting.
I saw Tom walk by.
I saw Tom walking a dog, but I'm not sure if it was his dog or not.
I saw Tom walking down Park Street in the middle of the night.
I saw Tom walking down the beach.
I saw Tom walking down the street.
I saw Tom walking in the park with Mary last Monday.
I saw Tom walking in the park with a girl I didn't know.
I saw Tom walking in the park yesterday afternoon.
I saw Tom walking in the park.
I saw Tom walking out of the bar at about midnight.
I saw Tom walking towards the beach.
I saw Tom walking with his girlfriend in the park.
I saw Tom walking with his girlfriend last night.
I saw Tom walking with his girlfriend.
I saw Tom was happy.
I saw Tom was having trouble.
I saw Tom was shivering.
I saw Tom was trembling.
I saw Tom washing his car this morning.
I saw Tom wearing a hat.
I saw Tom when I was in Boston.
I saw Tom while I was in Boston.
I saw Tom while I was waiting for Mary.
I saw Tom whisper something in Mary's ear.
I saw Tom win.
I saw Tom wink at Mary.
I saw Tom wink at you.
I saw Tom wink.
I saw Tom winking at Mary.
I saw Tom wiping his fingerprints off the doorknob.
I saw Tom wiping his nose.
I saw Tom with Mary in the park.
I saw Tom with Mary the other night.
I saw Tom with Mary yesterday.
I saw Tom with Mary.
I saw Tom with a girl wearing a pink sweater.
I saw Tom with a group of men.
I saw Tom with his children yesterday.
I saw Tom working on the report this morning.
I saw Tom working.
I saw Tom yawning.
I saw Tom yesterday and he looked sad.
I saw Tom yesterday evening.
I saw Tom yesterday for the first time.
I saw Tom yesterday in a restaurant. He was talking to a girl.
I saw Tom yesterday in the woods.
I saw Tom yesterday morning.
I saw Tom yesterday.
I saw Tom's birth certificate.
I saw Tom's book that you lost.
I saw Tom's car in the parking lot.
I saw Tom's car parked in Mary's driveway.
I saw Tom's car parked in front of Mary's house.
I saw Tom's car parked outside the warehouse.
I saw Tom's car parked outside.
I saw Tom's car pull into the driveway.
I saw Tom's car.
I saw Tom's daughter last week.
I saw Tom's disappointment.
I saw Tom's face.
I saw Tom's father.
I saw Tom's file.
I saw Tom's footprints in the snow.
I saw Tom's house.
I saw Tom's interview on television.
I saw Tom's light on.
I saw Tom's name on that list.
I saw Tom's name on the cover.
I saw Tom's name on the list.
I saw Tom's name on the package.
I saw Tom's name on the roster.
I saw Tom's note that he left on the kitchen table.
I saw Tom's open briefcase on his desk.
I saw Tom's photo.
I saw Tom's photograph.
I saw Tom's photos.
I saw Tom's picture in the newspaper.
I saw Tom's picture in today's newspaper.
I saw Tom's picture.
I saw Tom's pictures.
I saw Tom's reaction in the mirror.
I saw Tom's reaction.
I saw Tom's reflection in the window.
I saw Tom's scar.
I saw Tom's scars.
I saw Tom's sister last week.
I saw Tom's van out front.
I saw Tom, but I didn't see Mary.
I saw Tom, but he didn't see me.
I saw Tom, too.
I saw Tom.
I saw Tom. He was with another woman.
I saw Tony off at Kansai International Airport.
I saw Yanni's Volvo today.
I saw Yoshida for the first time in five years.
I saw Yumi in my dream.
I saw Yuri kissing your girlfriend.
I saw a European turtle-dove in North Africa.
I saw a European turtledove in North Africa.
I saw a Ferrari yesterday.
I saw a Tom last night.
I saw a UFO three nights ago.
I saw a UFO! I'm serious! Please, believe me. I'm not crazy or anything like that.
I saw a UFO.
I saw a baboon at the zoo.
I saw a bear driving a van.
I saw a bear yesterday.
I saw a beautiful bird.
I saw a beautiful house.
I saw a beautiful lady.
I saw a beautiful pink brick house with geraniums on the windows and doves on the roof.
I saw a beautiful pink brick house, with geraniums in the windows and doves on the roof.
I saw a beautiful waterfall there.
I saw a beggar asking for charity.
I saw a bellman coming along.
I saw a bench to my left and sat down.
I saw a big black spider.
I saw a big dog lying in front of Mr Hill's house.
I saw a big dog lying in front of Mr Hill’s house.
I saw a big dog lying in front of Mr. Hill's house.
I saw a big pelican there.
I saw a bird fly across the sky.
I saw a bird fly over the tree.
I saw a bird flying over a tree.
I saw a bird outside your window!
I saw a bit of 21st century fashion.
I saw a black cat run into the house.
I saw a blue whale yesterday.
I saw a boat above the bridge.
I saw a boat upstream of the bridge.
I saw a book on the table.
I saw a bottle of black hair dye in the medicine cabinet.
I saw a bow in my dream.
I saw a boy crossing the street.
I saw a boy get hit by a car.
I saw a boy knocked down by a car.
I saw a boy masturbate in public.
I saw a boy swimming across the river.
I saw a boy wearing brown shoes.
I saw a boy wearing colorful shoes.
I saw a boy wearing red shoes yesterday.
I saw a boy wearing red shoes.
I saw a boy with colorful shoes.
I saw a boy with colourful shoes.
I saw a boy.
I saw a bright red Ferrari parked at the campus gates and my jaw just dropped.
I saw a bum at the train station.
I saw a bunch of drunk people dancing in the park.
I saw a cafe just like that in London.
I saw a car accident yesterday evening.
I saw a car hit a man.
I saw a car parked outside your house yesterday afternoon.
I saw a car through the window.
I saw a caracal.
I saw a carbonated tea once.
I saw a cat chasing a dog.
I saw a cat on the roof.
I saw a cat running after a dog.
I saw a cat running after the dog.
I saw a chain of mountains.
I saw a child called Tonio Evans.
I saw a cockroach in the bathroom.
I saw a cocoon on the tree.
I saw a cottage in the distance.
I saw a couple of crazy men fighting in the park.
I saw a couple sitting on a park bench, holding hands.
I saw a couple strolling in the park.
I saw a crowd of children at the cinema.
I saw a deer yesterday morning.
I saw a deer.
I saw a dent in my new car.
I saw a dirty dog coming into the garden.
I saw a dirty dog enter the garden.
I saw a doctor this morning.
I saw a doctor.
I saw a documentary about it.
I saw a documentary about that.
I saw a documentary on that.
I saw a doe.
I saw a dog and its tail was cut short.
I saw a dog chasing a squirrel.
I saw a dog crossing the street.
I saw a dog lying on the floor.
I saw a dog sleeping on the porch.
I saw a dog swim across the river.
I saw a dog with one paw bandaged.
I saw a dog.
I saw a dog. The dog held a piece of meat in its mouth.
I saw a dragon!
I saw a drunk lying in the street.
I saw a drunk lying on the road.
I saw a ferret.
I saw a few birds fly away.
I saw a few drunks in the park singing and dancing.
I saw a few gorgeous babes at the beach today.
I saw a fight.
I saw a figure approaching in the distance.
I saw a film and I found it very interesting.
I saw a fish swimming right over there.
I saw a fishing boat about a mile off the shore.
I saw a flash of lightning far in the distance.
I saw a flash of lightning.
I saw a flock of birds fly away.
I saw a flock of birds flying aloft.
I saw a flock of sheep.
I saw a flower on the table.
I saw a fly on the ceiling.
I saw a for sale sign on Tom's house.
I saw a fox run across the road just now.
I saw a fox.
I saw a friend of mine in the park.
I saw a friend of mine yesterday.
I saw a friend of mine.
I saw a friend.
I saw a frog on the road.
I saw a frog.
I saw a funny clown with a big red nose.
I saw a funny comedy last night.
I saw a gangster lying in the light from the hall.
I saw a ghost cat.
I saw a ghost last night.
I saw a ghost.
I saw a girl tumble and ran to her in spite of myself.
I saw a girl wearing a patch with a picture of a cute-looking flower.
I saw a girl wearing yellow toed shoes.
I saw a girl whose hair came down to her waist.
I saw a girl with long hair.
I saw a goat yesterday on the farm.
I saw a goat yesterday.
I saw a goat!
I saw a goat.
I saw a good movie last night.
I saw a good movie yesterday.
I saw a group of Muslims praying in public.
I saw a group of boys walking down the street with skis on their shoulders.
I saw a group of foreigners on my way to school this morning.
I saw a group of teenagers hanging out in the park.
I saw a group of thugs preventing Tom from entering his own house.
I saw a group of tourists who spoke Turkish.
I saw a group of tourists who were speaking French.
I saw a group of turkeys in Hawaii collecting macadamia nuts and placing them in the road and waiting for cars to drive by and crush open the nuts, then they'd all run out and eat the nuts and a few turkeys would stand guard and alert the ones eating when another car was coming up the hill and they'd all run back into the bushes. I was impressed.
I saw a guy do this in a toothpaste ad once.
I saw a happy smile on his face.
I saw a hare in the forest.
I saw a helicopter flying overhead.
I saw a hippo at the zoo.
I saw a hippopotamus at the zoo.
I saw a horse galloping toward me.
I saw a horse pulling a cart.
I saw a house in the distance.
I saw a house whose roof was red.
I saw a house with a red roof.
I saw a huge dog lying in front of Mr Hill's house.
I saw a huge octopus while scuba diving yesterday.
I saw a hut in the distance.
I saw a jackal.
I saw a joyful smile on his face.
I saw a jumbo jet take off.
I saw a kabuki play in Tokyo.
I saw a koala for the first time.
I saw a koala.
I saw a lady go through the gate without showing her ticket.
I saw a lady go through the gate without showing the ticket.
I saw a lady in a Kabyle dress.
I saw a lady walking three dogs.
I saw a laptop on the desk.
I saw a large snake today.
I saw a large stone at a little distance, and thinking that it would afford me some protection if I slept beside it, I began to pull up some rushes with which to form my bed.
I saw a light at the end of the tunnel.
I saw a light far away.
I saw a light in the distance.
I saw a light on in the kitchen.
I saw a lightning bolt.
I saw a lion in the jungle.
I saw a lioness.
I saw a little boy called Tony Evans.
I saw a little boy fall over a few steps ahead.
I saw a little boy running.
I saw a little girl sitting by the road, crying.
I saw a little girl who was sweet and happy.
I saw a look of fear on Tom's face.
I saw a look pass between them.
I saw a lot of birds flying toward the south.
I saw a lot of birds.
I saw a lot of buses.
I saw a lot of cars being towed away.
I saw a lot of children in the park.
I saw a lot of dirty clothes in the corner of Tom's room.
I saw a lot of felled trees there.
I saw a lot of fish while scuba diving.
I saw a lot of fish.
I saw a lot of foreigners at the restaurant.
I saw a lot of geese.
I saw a lot of intense colors.
I saw a lot of people dancing.
I saw a lot of people get hurt.
I saw a lot of people in the park.
I saw a lot of things that day.
I saw a lot of things while I was there.
I saw a male lion.
I saw a man being attacked by a dog yesterday.
I saw a man coming toward me.
I saw a man dressed as a ninja.
I saw a man dressed as a pirate.
I saw a man dressed like a ninja.
I saw a man dressed like a pirate.
I saw a man enter that room.
I saw a man enter the room.
I saw a man get arrested by the police a few minutes ago.
I saw a man get hit by a car.
I saw a man go into that room.
I saw a man holding a rabbit in his arms yesterday.
I saw a man in the park wearing a green jacket and light brown pants who looked like he was in good shape.
I saw a man knocked down by a car.
I saw a man standing naked under the waterfall.
I saw a man stealing clothes off my clothesline.
I saw a man swimming across the river this morning.
I saw a man with a child.
I saw a man with a cigar in his mouth.
I saw a man with a red hat.
I saw a man with binoculars over there just a minute ago.
I saw a man with blue skin.
I saw a man yesterday eating from a garbage can.
I saw a man's face in the window.
I saw a man's face inside the window.
I saw a man’s face in the window.
I saw a man’s face inside the window.
I saw a marlin.
I saw a marvelous animal act at the circus.
I saw a meerkat.
I saw a mischievous smile on Tom's face.
I saw a monkey.
I saw a moose crossing the road on my way to work this morning.
I saw a moose today.
I saw a mouse scamper across the floor.
I saw a mouse!
I saw a mouse.
I saw a movie for the first time in two years.
I saw a movie yesterday.
I saw a number of old couples sitting on benches in the park.
I saw a number of people around the police box.
I saw a number of people in front of the police station.
I saw a pack of dogs.
I saw a pair of Mormon missionaries riding bicycles.
I saw a panda once.
I saw a person in the woods.
I saw a phantom cat.
I saw a photo of a 10-foot python eating a crocodile.
I saw a picture of you drunk.
I saw a pile of cash on the table.
I saw a plane go down.
I saw a plane.
I saw a polar bear yesterday.
I saw a polecat.
I saw a police car in my rearview mirror.
I saw a police car parked in front of your house yesterday.
I saw a policeman on my way to school.
I saw a post about the job.
I saw a post about the position.
I saw a rabbit in the forest.
I saw a rainbow before yesterday.
I saw a rainbow the day before yesterday.
I saw a rainbow this morning.
I saw a rat in the subway.
I saw a raven.
I saw a really good movie yesterday.
I saw a red car and a white one. The red one was nicer looking than the white one.
I saw a red car and a white one; the red one was nicer looking than the other.
I saw a red kite up on the hill the other day.
I saw a rough sleeper at the railway station.
I saw a rough sleeper at the train station.
I saw a saw I saw saw a saw I saw.
I saw a school of fish swimming by.
I saw a sci-fi movie wherein children learn their lessons by intravenous therapy.
I saw a secondary school girl running with bread in her mouth this morning.
I saw a set of keys in the bowl.
I saw a shadow move behind that tree!
I saw a shape in the dark.
I saw a shark in Tigzirt.
I saw a shark.
I saw a sheep herder and his dog standing on the side of the road.
I saw a shooting star.
I saw a sign in Berber that read "Airport."
I saw a skunk.
I saw a sleeping dog.
I saw a slight hesitation in his step.
I saw a small house in the distance.
I saw a snake eating a mouse.
I saw a snake swallowing a frog.
I saw a snake this morning.
I saw a snake.
I saw a soldier carrying a flamethrower.
I saw a spider in the kitchen.
I saw a spider walking on the ceiling.
I saw a spooky white face looking in the window.
I saw a squirrel this morning.
I saw a star today.
I saw a steam-ship yesterday.
I saw a strange lady there.
I saw a strange light in the woods.
I saw a strange man with dark glasses loitering near the girls bathroom.
I saw a strange moving object in the sky.
I saw a strange woman there.
I saw a stranger enter that house.
I saw a stranger standing at the door.
I saw a stranger steal into his house.
I saw a striking blue jay in the backyard.
I saw a tapir in the zoo, and it is one of those animals that is so ugly, it is cute.
I saw a terrible accident.
I saw a totally different side of Kabylie.
I saw a town in the distance.
I saw a traffic accident yesterday.
I saw a train pull into the station.
I saw a very good movie last weekend.
I saw a very interesting documentary yesterday.
I saw a very old man trying to cross the street.
I saw a video of a man who can fry chicken without using tongs.
I saw a video of my boyfriend participating in the Black Lives Matter protests where I live.
I saw a wallet with cash on the sidewalk.
I saw a weeping girl, I dried her tears.
I saw a whale tail today.
I saw a wheelbarrow behind the barn.
I saw a white bird on my way home.
I saw a white caribou.
I saw a white cloud sailing across the sky.
I saw a white dog jump over the fence.
I saw a white rabbit.
I saw a white reindeer.
I saw a wolf eating a heron in the forest yesterday.
I saw a wolf, a fox and a rabbit.
I saw a wolf, a fox, and a rabbit.
I saw a wolf.
I saw a wolverine.
I saw a woman I didn't know talking to Tom.
I saw a woman at the church, whose beauty made a lasting impression on me.
I saw a woman dressed in rags.
I saw a woman in black.
I saw a woman pass through the gate without showing her ticket.
I saw a woman who I thought was Mary's mother.
I saw a woman who I thought was Mary’s mother.
I saw a woman with hollow cheeks.
I saw a wonderful fall there.
I saw a wonderful movie last night.
I saw a young boy crossing the street by himself.
I saw a young couple cuddling on a park bench.
I saw a young man lying on the bench under the cherry tree in the park.
I saw a zebra at the zoo.
I saw all eight of them about an hour ago.
I saw an American musical.
I saw an aeroplane.
I saw an airplane.
I saw an albino squirrel today.
I saw an alien.
I saw an amazing bird.
I saw an amusing comedy last night.
I saw an elk in the forest.
I saw an empty beer bottle on the table.
I saw an exciting baseball game last Saturday.
I saw an explosion.
I saw an inchworm.
I saw an injured serviceman being interviewed on TV.
I saw an interesting poster yesterday.
I saw an interesting program that featured a child movie star who had become a dentist.
I saw an obstacle in the street.
I saw an old and hollow pecan tree that had some bees flying around it.
I saw an old film featuring Charlie Chaplin yesterday.
I saw an old friend of mine yesterday.
I saw an old friend of mine.
I saw an old friend of yours this afternoon.
I saw an old friend on the train.
I saw an old man fall on his back in the street.
I saw an old man with a walker.
I saw an old woman cross the street.
I saw an opportunity and I took it.
I saw an opportunity and took it.
I saw an opportunity.
I saw an optometrist.
I saw an orb hovering over the lake.
I saw an otter.
I saw an owl at my window.
I saw and heard everything.
I saw another enter the mosque.
I saw another man.
I saw another video.
I saw astonishment and horror on the faces of the people around me.
I saw at a glance that he was an extraordinary man.
I saw at a glance that he was an ordinary man.
I saw at a glance that the empty house was badly in need of repair.
I saw at a glance that the last two months had been very trying ones for him.
I saw at a glance that there was something the matter with my father.
I saw at once by his face that something disturbing had occurred.
I saw at once that he was ill at ease.
I saw bear tracks in the snow.
I saw beautiful houses.
I saw blood everywhere.
I saw blood on the floor.
I saw blue-shirt-wearing bearded Michael, the Dane-French, this sunny, blue-sky morning of the 24th of June of 2022, along a neighbourhood alleyway on Lulu Island. We talked about American politics and the pervasive ignorance in humanity. I irksomely mentioned, "Most of humanity is not good quality." We talked about travelling around this world, as I said that I have journeyed through Asia, Africa, Europe, North America, and Latin America. A striking part of our conversation was about my Egyptian excursion. My early objective in life was to see the Great Pyramids, which I managed to do in my twenties. Egypt was like a different planet, with old French colonial buildings and multimillennial ruins. The sky was a deep blue over the desert. Michael mentioned, "That's why it's called the Dark Continent..."
I saw by the Inspector's face that his attention had been keenly aroused.
I saw cats mating in the street.
I saw children begging for food along the side of the road.
I saw children playing in the stream.
I saw children playing in the street.
I saw cockroaches in my hotel room.
I saw crowds flock in the theater.
I saw every episode.
I saw everyone was already there waiting for me.
I saw everything Tom did.
I saw everything that Tom did.
I saw everything that happened there.
I saw everything that happened.
I saw everything you did.
I saw everything you saw.
I saw everything.
I saw exactly that.
I saw exactly what happened.
I saw fear in Tom's eyes.
I saw fear in her eyes.
I saw fear in his eyes.
I saw five airplanes flying away like so many birds.
I saw five airplanes flying like birds.
I saw five men.
I saw five planes taking off, as if they were birds.
I saw flashes of lightning in the distance.
I saw flashing red lights in my rear-view mirror and my heart sank.
I saw footprints in the snow.
I saw footprints of a bear in the snow.
I saw grandfather last week.
I saw grandpa two or three times a week.
I saw hand-to-hand combat only one time. Once in real life. And a thousand times in dreams. One who says there is nothing to fear from war knows nothing about war.
I saw happiness of the child and rejoiced too.
I saw he was of the material from which Nature hews her heroes.
I saw her a few minutes ago.
I saw her a minute ago.
I saw her a short time ago.
I saw her a week ago today.
I saw her a week ago.
I saw her a while back.
I saw her again last night.
I saw her again.
I saw her as she was walking by, but she didn't see me.
I saw her at it with great enthusiasm.
I saw her at the funeral today.
I saw her at the party.
I saw her at the restaurant.
I saw her at the station five days ago, that is, last Friday.
I saw her at the station.
I saw her at the train station five days ago, that is, last Friday.
I saw her at work.
I saw her before she saw me.
I saw her blink.
I saw her blush.
I saw her carrying the bags.
I saw her clean the room.
I saw her come by here.
I saw her coming across the street.
I saw her coming up the road.
I saw her coral lips move, and with her breath, she did perfume the air.
I saw her crossing the road.
I saw her crossing the street.
I saw her crying.
I saw her dance once.
I saw her die.
I saw her do it.
I saw her doing it.
I saw her doing that with enthusiasm.
I saw her earlier this morning.
I saw her earlier.
I saw her enter the room.
I saw her everywhere.
I saw her exactly a week ago.
I saw her fall.
I saw her fill her glass.
I saw her fill up her glass.
I saw her first and last that day.
I saw her first.
I saw her five days ago.
I saw her for a moment, but then lost sight of her in the crowd.
I saw her for a moment.
I saw her for the last time.
I saw her friend on the bus the day before yesterday.
I saw her get hit by a car.
I saw her get in a car.
I saw her get on the bus.
I saw her go inside.
I saw her hide something.
I saw her high-five him.
I saw her hit herself.
I saw her home.
I saw her house.
I saw her in a dream.
I saw her in my dream yesterday.
I saw her in the doctor's waiting room recently.
I saw her in the meeting room.
I saw her in the parking lot.
I saw her in the theatre.
I saw her in the waiting room at the doctor's the other day.
I saw her in their yard.
I saw her in there.
I saw her jump into the pool.
I saw her just a few hours ago.
I saw her just the other day.
I saw her just this morning.
I saw her kissing another guy at the party.
I saw her kissing another guy.
I saw her last night.
I saw her last week.
I saw her last weekend.
I saw her leave.
I saw her leaving the room.
I saw her little calico dress, her little brown bare feet, the ringlets of yellow hair hung about her cheeks.
I saw her naked.
I saw her on TV.
I saw her on the stairs.
I saw her once at a party.
I saw her only a week ago.
I saw her picture.
I saw her play tennis.
I saw her play the piano.
I saw her pulling the petals off a flower one by one.
I saw her recently in the doctor's waiting room.
I saw her rubbing up against you.
I saw her smile.
I saw her smoking a cigarette.
I saw her somewhere two years ago.
I saw her spike his drink.
I saw her sweep the room.
I saw her swim.
I saw her swimming.
I saw her take it.
I saw her take your keys.
I saw her taking a walk in the park at midnight.
I saw her talking on the phone.
I saw her talking to someone.
I saw her the other day.
I saw her there in the moonlight.
I saw her there.
I saw her this morning.
I saw her three hours ago.
I saw her three weeks ago.
I saw her today.
I saw her tonight.
I saw her trip and fall.
I saw her try to kiss you.
I saw her waiting in the lobby.
I saw her walking along the kerb.
I saw her wash the car.
I saw her with a group of men.
I saw her with him.
I saw her with my own eyes.
I saw her with you.
I saw her yesterday morning.
I saw her yesterday.
I saw her, but she didn't see me.
I saw her.
I saw him a few minutes ago.
I saw him a minute ago.
I saw him a short time ago.
I saw him a while back.
I saw him after ten years.
I saw him again last night.
I saw him again.
I saw him approaching me.
I saw him at one time or another.
I saw him at the funeral today.
I saw him at the restaurant.
I saw him at the station a few days ago.
I saw him at the window.
I saw him beaten yesterday.
I saw him beating the animal.
I saw him before he saw me.
I saw him behave in a way that seemed so insensitive to me.
I saw him being scolded by his father.
I saw him being scolded by his mother.
I saw him blink.
I saw him blush.
I saw him break the window.
I saw him but once.
I saw him carrying books.
I saw him caught by the police.
I saw him climb through the window.
I saw him come this way.
I saw him coming out of the hotel.
I saw him coming through the window.
I saw him coming upstairs.
I saw him coming with his briefcase under his arm.
I saw him cross the road.
I saw him cross the street as I got off the bus.
I saw him cross the street.
I saw him crossing the road.
I saw him crossing the road. He didn't look left or right, and he was wearing headphones. A car almost hit him!
I saw him crossing the street.
I saw him cry.
I saw him crying.
I saw him cut down a tree.
I saw him dance once.
I saw him die.
I saw him do it.
I saw him doing it.
I saw him dying.
I saw him earlier this morning.
I saw him earlier.
I saw him eat an apple.
I saw him eating an apple.
I saw him enter the garage.
I saw him enter the house.
I saw him enter the room.
I saw him enter the store.
I saw him fall for a long way. Then he struck a rock, bounded off, and splashed into the water.
I saw him fall.
I saw him first.
I saw him for the first time in 10 years.
I saw him for the first time in Paris.
I saw him for the first time in more than 10 years.
I saw him from my window walking slowly across the grass arm in arm with Cynthia Murdoch.
I saw him get hit by a car.
I saw him get in a car.
I saw him get into a taxi.
I saw him get killed right in front of me.
I saw him get killed right in front of my eyes.
I saw him go inside.
I saw him go into the toilet a few minutes ago.
I saw him go out of the room just now.
I saw him go out.
I saw him hold Mary's hand.
I saw him hold your hand.
I saw him holding hands with a girl.
I saw him in Kabylie.
I saw him in the garden.
I saw him in the mosque.
I saw him in the park.
I saw him in the parking lot.
I saw him in the street just this minute.
I saw him in there.
I saw him instead of his father.
I saw him jump into the pool.
I saw him jump.
I saw him just a few hours ago.
I saw him just now.
I saw him just this morning.
I saw him kiss your hand.
I saw him kissing another girl.
I saw him kneeling in church.
I saw him last night in the bar and he was really drunk.
I saw him last night.
I saw him last week.
I saw him last weekend.
I saw him leave.
I saw him leaving just before the party ended.
I saw him leaving the hotel.
I saw him limping just now.
I saw him looking at me.
I saw him naked through the keyhole of the bathroom door.
I saw him naked.
I saw him no more.
I saw him nodding out on the bus.
I saw him off at the airport.
I saw him on TV.
I saw him on the stairs.
I saw him on the train once.
I saw him once at a party.
I saw him once on the train.
I saw him once.
I saw him pacing up and down the pavement outside his house with his phone pressed to his ear.
I saw him pat her on the shoulder.
I saw him play baseball.
I saw him play tennis.
I saw him playing baseball.
I saw him playing basketball.
I saw him playing cards with all of them.
I saw him praying in the mosque.
I saw him pulling out of the parking lot.
I saw him reading a book.
I saw him recently.
I saw him run after the dog.
I saw him run away.
I saw him running away.
I saw him running while it was raining.
I saw him running.
I saw him sawing a tree.
I saw him scolded by his father.
I saw him scolded by his mother.
I saw him skulking downcast in the bathroom.
I saw him sleeping in the street.
I saw him smile.
I saw him smoking a cigarette.
I saw him standing there alone and I started to feel sorry for him.
I saw him steal, but I believed him when he swore by all his gods that he was innocent.
I saw him swim across the river.
I saw him take it.
I saw him take out something like a pot from the box.
I saw him take your keys.
I saw him talking on the phone.
I saw him talking to someone.
I saw him talking to you at the bar.
I saw him tear up the letter.
I saw him ten years later.
I saw him the day before.
I saw him the other day.
I saw him there.
I saw him this morning.
I saw him three hours ago.
I saw him three weeks ago.
I saw him three years ago.
I saw him today.
I saw him tonight.
I saw him trip and fall.
I saw him try to kiss you.
I saw him twice today.
I saw him waiting in the lobby.
I saw him walking alone in the park.
I saw him walking around town wearing his Sunday best.
I saw him walking barefoot.
I saw him walking down the street.
I saw him walking towards me.
I saw him walking with a book under his arm.
I saw him wash the car.
I saw him with Mary.
I saw him with a Quran.
I saw him with a group of men.
I saw him with another woman.
I saw him with her.
I saw him with my own eyes.
I saw him with you.
I saw him writing.
I saw him yesterday morning.
I saw him yesterday.
I saw him, but he didn't see me.
I saw him.
I saw his car make a right turn.
I saw his car make a turn to the right.
I saw his car veering to the left.
I saw his car veering to the right.
I saw his dark face lit up with a boyish enthusiasm as he gazed about him.
I saw his daughter was crying.
I saw his eyes shining with love.
I saw his face in the dim light.
I saw his face switch to anger.
I saw his former employer at a conference.
I saw his long moustache droop over the stock and his eye gleam as it peered along the sights.
I saw his mother scold him.
I saw his name on the screen and walked out of the classroom to answer.
I saw his pictures in Japan.
I saw honey bees buzzing in the clover.
I saw how Tom and Mary were doing that.
I saw how Tom did it.
I saw how Tom did that.
I saw how Tom did this.
I saw how Tom kissed you.
I saw how Tom was doing that.
I saw how angry Tom was.
I saw how brave Tom was.
I saw how determined Tom was.
I saw how disappointed you were.
I saw how happy Tom was.
I saw how happy you were.
I saw how hard you studied.
I saw how he crossed the road.
I saw how he fled from here.
I saw how it happened.
I saw how mad Tom was.
I saw how much Mary was enjoying herself.
I saw how much Tom and Mary were enjoying themselves.
I saw how much Tom was enjoying himself.
I saw how much rice you bought.
I saw how much you drank.
I saw how scared Tom was.
I saw how the students clean their classroom after the course.
I saw how upset Tom was.
I saw how you did that.
I saw how you saved Tom's life.
I saw hundreds of birds.
I saw immediately that he was uncomfortable.
I saw in the paper that he had returned from the South Pole.
I saw in the papers that he had been engaged by the French government upon a matter of supreme importance, and I received two notes from Holmes, dated from Narbonne and from Nimes, from which I gathered that his stay in France was likely to be a long one.
I saw it a long time ago.
I saw it after the seven o'clock news.
I saw it after the seven o’clock news.
I saw it all in a dream last night.
I saw it and thought of you.
I saw it arrive.
I saw it as killing two birds with one stone.
I saw it being killed.
I saw it coming.
I saw it first.
I saw it from the window.
I saw it happen in five minutes!
I saw it happen.
I saw it in a documentary produced by NHK, Japan's public broadcaster.
I saw it in a journal.
I saw it in a magazine.
I saw it in the newspaper.
I saw it in the store.
I saw it in your eyes.
I saw it last night.
I saw it myself.
I saw it on Discovery Channel.
I saw it on Fox News.
I saw it on TV.
I saw it on Twitter.
I saw it on television.
I saw it on the news.
I saw it over there.
I saw it there.
I saw it three hours ago.
I saw it with my own eyes.
I saw it with my own two eyes.
I saw it with the eyes of my soul.
I saw it, too!
I saw it, too.
I saw it.
I saw jackals.
I saw land in the distance.
I saw lots of beautiful colors.
I saw lots of smoke.
I saw many birds yesterday morning.
I saw many familiar faces.
I saw many patients at the hospital, some of whom were badly injured.
I saw many people barbecuing in the park.
I saw many people hurrying toward the ball park.
I saw many people starving to death on TV.
I saw many people who had no clothes and I saw many clothes which had no people in them.
I saw many signs written in Chinese in the meeting room.
I saw many things by being there.
I saw many things.
I saw many tourists on the beach.
I saw men carrying guns.
I saw more than Tom and Mary know.
I saw more than Tom knows.
I saw more than Tom thought I saw.
I saw my Twitter account suspended after a while.
I saw my brother and also my sister.
I saw my cat playing with the corpse of a big spider in the courtyard.
I saw my face in the mirror.
I saw my first snowdrop of the year today!
I saw my friend at the store last week.
I saw my friend off at the station.
I saw my friend running up the stairs.
I saw my friend to the station.
I saw my friend yesterday.
I saw my friend.
I saw my friends yesterday.
I saw my future wife.
I saw my grandfather last week.
I saw my mate there, drinking wine.
I saw my mother hide the cake.
I saw my mother hiding cake.
I saw my mother hiding the cake.
I saw my mother's face.
I saw my name on the list.
I saw my neighbor's dog running around in the yard.
I saw my neighbor's dog running in my garden.
I saw my neighbor's dog running in my yard.
I saw my neighbor’s dog running around in the yard.
I saw my old classmate last week. She's as boring as ever.
I saw my old classmate last week. She’s as boring as ever.
I saw my older sister sleeping in the room towards the end.
I saw my reflection in the mirror and didn't like myself.
I saw my reflection in the mirror.
I saw my reflection in the stream.
I saw my reflection in the window.
I saw my sister tear up the letter.
I saw my sister there.
I saw my spouse while he was cheating on me with my best friend.
I saw my true love at the window, combing her hair by candlelight.
I saw my uncle kill a scorpion with his bare hand.
I saw my uncle on the way to school.
I saw my village from afar.
I saw my wife going towards the window.
I saw myself crying.
I saw myself in the mirror.
I saw neither Tom nor Mary.
I saw neither him nor her.
I saw no alternative but to think about ending it all.
I saw no one this morning.
I saw no other choice.
I saw no point in doing that.
I saw no reason to hurry.
I saw no reason to lie.
I saw no reason to wait.
I saw no trace of a smile.
I saw nobody around.
I saw nothing and heard nothing.
I saw nothing at all.
I saw nothing but water.
I saw nothing more.
I saw nothing new.
I saw nothing.
I saw one familiar name on the list.
I saw one just like it in the other room.
I saw one man.
I saw one many times.
I saw one once.
I saw one today.
I saw one woman.
I saw one yesterday.
I saw one, a mermaid, when I was a primary schooler. But it wasn't that sort of fairy-tale atmosphere of a story.
I saw one, a mermaid, when I was a primary schooler. But it wasn’t that sort of fairy-tale atmosphere of a story.
I saw one.
I saw only angry reactions.
I saw only trees.
I saw people wearing jeans.
I saw pink dolphins, which are in the rivers of the Amazon.
I saw red and went to go confront Gabor.
I saw red from the first.
I saw several barges floating down the river.
I saw several fish swimming near the surface of the water.
I saw several hawks today.
I saw several intoxicated people in the park.
I saw several men walking my way.
I saw several people hanging out in the park.
I saw several rabbits on my way home.
I saw several rabbits on the way home.
I saw several women riding their bicycles.
I saw sharks.
I saw smoke coming out of Tom's chimney.
I saw some English female soldiers in yesterday night's news reel. For some, you couldn't tell whether it was a man or a woman, but the majority were rather feminine, and it didn't feel that grotesque.
I saw some beautiful houses.
I saw some birds flying away.
I saw some birds take off.
I saw some bodies.
I saw some boys flying kites in the park.
I saw some boys swimming.
I saw some cars in the parking lot.
I saw some children crouching in the bushes.
I saw some children playing in the park.
I saw some dragonflies.
I saw some ducks on the pond in the park near the library.
I saw some empty bottles lying on the ground.
I saw some flowers on the table.
I saw some funny people today.
I saw some girls bully her.
I saw some girls picking daisies.
I saw some goats.
I saw some kids playing in the park.
I saw some kind of dark animal. It was a bear.
I saw some men with guns.
I saw some monkeys climbing the tree.
I saw some of the guests leave the banquet room.
I saw some otters.
I saw some people swimming in the river.
I saw some people there leading a low life.
I saw some poor cats kicked out.
I saw some rabbits.
I saw some sheep.
I saw some small animals running away in all directions.
I saw some smoke.
I saw some students on their way to school.
I saw some swimmers floating on the lake in their life jackets.
I saw some tadpoles swimming in the pond.
I saw some very beautiful scenes.
I saw some very strange creatures.
I saw some wolves.
I saw somebody kiss Tom.
I saw somebody kiss her.
I saw somebody kiss him.
I saw somebody kissing Tom.
I saw somebody looking into your window.
I saw somebody steal the merchandise.
I saw somebody.
I saw someone I knew.
I saw someone following me.
I saw someone go in there.
I saw someone go into the room.
I saw someone in Australia doing it, and decided that I'd like to try it out myself.
I saw someone in the house.
I saw someone in the shadows.
I saw someone jump off the roof.
I saw someone kill Tom.
I saw someone kiss Tom.
I saw someone kissing Tom.
I saw someone longboarding with a wine bottle in one hand.
I saw someone looking into your window.
I saw someone lurking around outside your house last night.
I saw someone on the balcony.
I saw someone on the stairs.
I saw someone riding this tricycle-looking thing on the freeway.
I saw someone sleeping on the bench.
I saw someone standing near the fountain.
I saw someone there.
I saw someone watching us.
I saw someone with a knife.
I saw someone.
I saw something I wished I hadn't seen.
I saw something about that earlier.
I saw something awful.
I saw something back there.
I saw something dangerous.
I saw something different.
I saw something floating in the water.
I saw something horrible.
I saw something in the sky.
I saw something in the water.
I saw something incredible.
I saw something interesting.
I saw something lying on my desk.
I saw something move.
I saw something moving in the bushes.
I saw something moving in the dark.
I saw something moving out there.
I saw something moving over there.
I saw something moving.
I saw something new.
I saw something on the other side of the room.
I saw something outrageous.
I saw something pretty interesting.
I saw something pretty weird.
I saw something scary.
I saw something strange in the sky.
I saw something strange on my way to work this morning.
I saw something strange this morning.
I saw something strange.
I saw something suspicious.
I saw something terrible.
I saw something that concerned me.
I saw something that seemed odd to me.
I saw something that worried me.
I saw something today that reminded me of you.
I saw something unusually shiny flying in the night sky.
I saw something very bright fly across the night sky.
I saw something very curious.
I saw something very interesting.
I saw something very unusual on my way here.
I saw something very unusual.
I saw something weird on my way to work.
I saw something white flying in the sky, so that I came to believe in angels.
I saw something white in the park.
I saw something wonderful.
I saw something.
I saw sorrow's print upon her face.
I saw sorrow’s print upon her face.
I saw spiders everywhere.
I saw straight away that he was uneasy.
I saw straight through her.
I saw straight through him.
I saw tears in Tom's eyes.
I saw tears in her eyes.
I saw tears in his eyes.
I saw that Tom and Mary were afraid.
I saw that Tom and Mary were serious.
I saw that Tom and Mary were smiling.
I saw that Tom had a visitor.
I saw that Tom was afraid.
I saw that Tom was alone.
I saw that Tom was attentive.
I saw that Tom was serious.
I saw that Tom was smiling.
I saw that Tom's feet were muddy.
I saw that comedy. That killed me.
I saw that coming a mile away.
I saw that coming.
I saw that drawing.
I saw that episode.
I saw that film a long time ago.
I saw that film long ago.
I saw that film on Saturday.
I saw that film, but it wasn't very good.
I saw that film, but it wasn’t very good.
I saw that girl the other day.
I saw that happen.
I saw that happening.
I saw that he came.
I saw that he was right.
I saw that in a journal.
I saw that in the newspaper this morning.
I saw that movie a long time ago.
I saw that movie last Monday.
I saw that movie last month when I was in Boston.
I saw that movie on Monday.
I saw that movie on Saturday.
I saw that movie on TV last month.
I saw that movie three years ago.
I saw that movie wasted.
I saw that movie with Tom.
I saw that movie, but it wasn't very good.
I saw that on TV.
I saw that on the news.
I saw that one coming.
I saw that one.
I saw that report.
I saw that something was wrong.
I saw that the door was open, so I went in.
I saw that the weather will be beautiful this weekend.
I saw that the whole case hung upon one point. Fixing her with my eye in a way which I always found effective with women, I asked her at what hour her son returned.
I saw that tonight.
I saw that you cleaned that nasty pot too!
I saw that you were still sleeping when I went off to work.
I saw that you were tired.
I saw that you were upset.
I saw that you were working and didn't disturb you.
I saw that your fridge was empty.
I saw that, too.
I saw that.
I saw the Spirit come down from heaven as a dove and remain on him.
I saw the UFO with my own eyes.
I saw the advertisement.
I saw the announcement.
I saw the baby carried out of the burning house.
I saw the baby sucking its thumb.
I saw the battle.
I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by madness.
I saw the blue light.
I saw the boat sink.
I saw the boxing match on television.
I saw the boy in brown shoes.
I saw the boy jump over the fence and run away.
I saw the boy that was wearing brown shoes.
I saw the boy wearing brown shoes.
I saw the boy who was wearing brown shoes.
I saw the building burning.
I saw the bus.
I saw the cake you made.
I saw the car explode.
I saw the car hit a man.
I saw the car up ahead.
I saw the cat.
I saw the children kill the bird.
I saw the children walk across the street.
I saw the concern on Tom's face.
I saw the cook.
I saw the crippled wretch standing by the lamp-post and shaking his clenched fists in the air as if he were mad with rage.
I saw the data.
I saw the debate on TV.
I saw the dirty dog go into the yard.
I saw the doctor.
I saw the dog running quickly in the park.
I saw the dog.
I saw the elves again.
I saw the entire thing.
I saw the fear in Tom's eyes.
I saw the fear in his eyes.
I saw the fear of death in your eyes.
I saw the fight.
I saw the figure of a man.
I saw the file.
I saw the film The Forgotten Hill.
I saw the film and found it interesting.
I saw the film in San Francisco last year.
I saw the film, which was not so good.
I saw the film.
I saw the future.
I saw the game live.
I saw the game.
I saw the gift you gave to Tom.
I saw the gifts you brought.
I saw the girl swimming in the river.
I saw the girl.
I saw the girls pick the wild flowers.
I saw the great prophet with my own eyes. He had eyes like sparkling stars, and a beard like foaming water.
I saw the hill.
I saw the honey, but did not see the honeybees.
I saw the house struck by lightning.
I saw the house.
I saw the interview.
I saw the joy in their eyes when they first talked.
I saw the killer and he saw me, too.
I saw the killer and she also saw me.
I saw the killer.
I saw the light at the end of the tunnel.
I saw the light.
I saw the lights and instantly ran off.
I saw the look in your eyes.
I saw the look of terror in Tom's eyes.
I saw the look on Tom's face and knew that he was angry.
I saw the look on Tom's face.
I saw the look on your face when Tom asked you to help Mary.
I saw the look on your face when Tom asked you to wait for Mary.
I saw the man enter the room.
I saw the man get ganged up on.
I saw the man jump.
I saw the man knocked down and the driver driving away.
I saw the man knocked down by a car.
I saw the man you were talking about.
I saw the man.
I saw the mark of sadness that had remained on her face.
I saw the match last night.
I saw the match on television.
I saw the message.
I saw the moon above the horizon.
I saw the moon above the roof.
I saw the mouldering ruin of an abbey overrun with ivy, and the taper spire of a village church rising from the brow of a neighboring hill.
I saw the mountain for the first time.
I saw the movie Tom recommended and found it interesting.
I saw the movie five times.
I saw the movie long ago.
I saw the movie on video.
I saw the movie with the kids.
I saw the movie.
I saw the name "Algeria" on that panel.
I saw the news on TV this morning.
I saw the news.
I saw the northern lights.
I saw the note you left.
I saw the old gentleman cross the street and enter a store on the corner.
I saw the old man feed his dog chicken bones.
I saw the old man two or three times a week.
I saw the opera Carmen in London, 41 years ago, on the only trip I made abroad.
I saw the package.
I saw the patrol car’s blue flashing emergency lights in my rearview mirror, so I pulled over, onto the right shoulder of the highway.
I saw the person I expected standing there.
I saw the person I expected to be standing there.
I saw the person I was expecting standing there.
I saw the picture of the fish you caught.
I saw the picture you took of that fish.
I saw the picture.
I saw the pictures Tom took last weekend.
I saw the pictures, too.
I saw the pictures.
I saw the plane hit the building.
I saw the price tag.
I saw the progress.
I saw the queen.
I saw the rabbit entering its warren.
I saw the ramparts of my native land. One time so strong, now dropping in decay.
I saw the receipt on the kitchen table.
I saw the red light.
I saw the report.
I saw the robber.
I saw the sadness in your eyes.
I saw the security cameras.
I saw the ship sink in the sea.
I saw the shooter.
I saw the shooting.
I saw the sight and laughed in spite of myself.
I saw the sights of Kyoto during my vacation.
I saw the silhouette of a man.
I saw the silhouette of a woman inside the train.
I saw the smirk on your stupid face.
I saw the souls.
I saw the sponge in the sink.
I saw the stars; they captivate the eye, and their beauty is beyond comparison.
I saw the students cleaning their classroom after school.
I saw the sudden change on the broad's face as she realized that she wouldn't be able to cajole the ticket collector into letting her make it off without any fine.
I saw the sunrise.
I saw the teacher walk across the street.
I saw the tears in her eyes.
I saw the train come into the station.
I saw the treasures of the British Museum.
I saw the two together on several occasions.
I saw the venereologist.
I saw the video last night.
I saw the video.
I saw the waves crash on rocks.
I saw the way Tom and Mary were looking at each other.
I saw the way Tom and Mary were looking at you.
I saw the way Tom was looking at Mary.
I saw the way Tom was looking at you.
I saw the way he was looking at you.
I saw the way she was looking at you.
I saw the way you looked at Tom.
I saw the way you two look at each other.
I saw the way you two were looking at each other last night.
I saw the way you two were looking at each other.
I saw the way you were looking at Tom.
I saw the way you were looking at each other.
I saw the way you were looking at her.
I saw the way you were looking at him.
I saw the white trail of his frozen breath.
I saw the whole accident with my own eyes.
I saw the whole thing from my window.
I saw the whole thing with my own eyes.
I saw the whole thing.
I saw the window roll down.
I saw the world.
I saw their mouths moving, though I couldn't hear them.
I saw their wedding photo.
I saw them a few minutes ago.
I saw them a few months before they got big, opening for Tom Jackson and the Boston Canadians.
I saw them a few months before they got big.
I saw them a minute ago.
I saw them a short time ago.
I saw them a while back.
I saw them again last night.
I saw them all there.
I saw them all.
I saw them at the funeral today.
I saw them at the restaurant.
I saw them blush.
I saw them crying.
I saw them dance once.
I saw them die.
I saw them do that.
I saw them earlier this morning.
I saw them earlier.
I saw them enter the bank.
I saw them exchange glances.
I saw them get on a bus.
I saw them go inside.
I saw them holding hands on the street.
I saw them in the parking lot.
I saw them in the theater.
I saw them in there.
I saw them jump into the pool.
I saw them just a few hours ago.
I saw them just this morning.
I saw them kill it.
I saw them kissing behind the barn.
I saw them kissing.
I saw them last night.
I saw them leave the coffee shop downstairs.
I saw them leave together.
I saw them leave.
I saw them live.
I saw them making out on the couch.
I saw them making out!
I saw them on TV.
I saw them on the stairs.
I saw them over there a while ago.
I saw them play baseball in the playground.
I saw them play baseball.
I saw them play tennis.
I saw them smile.
I saw them smoking cigarettes.
I saw them surrounding him.
I saw them swimming.
I saw them take it.
I saw them the other day.
I saw them there.
I saw them this morning.
I saw them three hours ago.
I saw them three weeks ago.
I saw them today.
I saw them together several times and in different locations.
I saw them together.
I saw them tonight.
I saw them trip and fall.
I saw them waiting in the lobby.
I saw them walking arm in arm.
I saw them when they opened for Tom Jackson and the Boston Canadians.
I saw them when they were here.
I saw them working with the children in the garden.
I saw them yesterday morning.
I saw them yesterday.
I saw them.
I saw these people for years.
I saw this coming.
I saw this house in my dream.
I saw this in a movie.
I saw this movie a very long time ago.
I saw this on Oprah.
I saw this on television.
I saw this scary monster under my bed.
I saw those photos.
I saw three cars on the bridge.
I saw three cars parked in front of Tom's house.
I saw three children in the park.
I saw three elephants at the zoo.
I saw three giraffes.
I saw three guys standing there.
I saw three men attacking Tom.
I saw three men beating Tom up.
I saw three men chasing Tom.
I saw three palm trees near the beach.
I saw three people waiting at the bus stop.
I saw three sets of footprints in the snow from the road up to my front door.
I saw three ships.
I saw three turtles this morning.
I saw through his game.
I saw through his little game.
I saw through their plot at once.
I saw to it.
I saw to that.
I saw travelers who were going to the city.
I saw two cars parked here.
I saw two girls kissing.
I saw two guys kissing each other in the hallway.
I saw two men go inside.
I saw two men struggling for the knife.
I saw two men.
I saw two riders leaving the stables.
I saw two women.
I saw what I saw.
I saw what I wanted in the store window.
I saw what Tom did.
I saw what Tom drew.
I saw what Tom wanted me to see.
I saw what Tom was doing.
I saw what Tom was wearing.
I saw what Tom wrote.
I saw what happened clearly.
I saw what happened here.
I saw what happened last year. I hope that doesn't happen again this year.
I saw what happened that night.
I saw what happened there.
I saw what happened to you.
I saw what happened yesterday.
I saw what happened.
I saw what just happened.
I saw what looked like a large wolf.
I saw what was happening from my window.
I saw what was happening.
I saw what was inside.
I saw what was left.
I saw what you did earlier.
I saw what you did there.
I saw what you did.
I saw what you do.
I saw what you were doing.
I saw what you're doing.
I saw what you've never seen.
I saw what your dog did.
I saw where Tom hid his money.
I saw who did it.
I saw who gave that to Tom.
I saw who was driving.
I saw with these here eyes, myself.
I saw wolves in the Appennines.
I saw yesterday, I see today, but maybe I will not see tomorrow.
I saw you across the street.
I saw you all enter the apartment.
I saw you and Tom arguing.
I saw you and Tom earlier.
I saw you and Tom fighting in the park.
I saw you and Tom fighting.
I saw you and Tom hugging.
I saw you and Tom kissing.
I saw you and Tom talking.
I saw you and Tom yelling at each other yesterday.
I saw you and Tom.
I saw you arguing with Tom.
I saw you at the flower shop.
I saw you at the park.
I saw you at the school assembly.
I saw you carrying Mary's books for her.
I saw you come back to the apartment.
I saw you coming in late.
I saw you cooking.
I saw you crossing the street.
I saw you crying.
I saw you dance once.
I saw you dancing at the party, you were amazing!
I saw you dancing with Tom.
I saw you dancing.
I saw you do it.
I saw you do that.
I saw you doing that.
I saw you drive in.
I saw you driving Tom's car.
I saw you driving by my house this morning.
I saw you driving your new car.
I saw you enter the apartment.
I saw you flick your tail.
I saw you flinch.
I saw you flirting with Mary.
I saw you flirting with Tom.
I saw you following them.
I saw you get arrested.
I saw you getting arrested.
I saw you give it to Tom.
I saw you give it to her.
I saw you give it to him.
I saw you give it to them.
I saw you guys kissing.
I saw you guys talking to Tom.
I saw you guys talking to her.
I saw you guys talking to him.
I saw you guys talking to them.
I saw you guys with a girl.
I saw you having coffee this morning with Tom.
I saw you hesitating.
I saw you hide it under your bed.
I saw you hide something.
I saw you hit Tom.
I saw you hitting Tom yesterday.
I saw you hitting Tom.
I saw you holding his hand.
I saw you hug Tom.
I saw you hugging Tom.
I saw you in Luxembourg City.
I saw you in my dream.
I saw you in my dreams.
I saw you in the city.
I saw you in the jury room.
I saw you in the newspaper today.
I saw you in the parade.
I saw you in the park last night.
I saw you in the park with Tom.
I saw you in the park with her.
I saw you in the park with him.
I saw you in the park with them.
I saw you in the park yesterday.
I saw you in the park.
I saw you in the show yesterday.
I saw you in the strip club the day before yesterday.
I saw you in this parking lot six months ago.
I saw you jogging.
I saw you kick Tom.
I saw you kill Tom.
I saw you kill her.
I saw you kiss Tom.
I saw you kiss him. Do not deny it!
I saw you kissing Tom.
I saw you kissing her.
I saw you kissing him.
I saw you kissing your girlfriend.
I saw you knock Tom down.
I saw you last night.
I saw you laugh.
I saw you laughing at me.
I saw you laughing.
I saw you leave alone.
I saw you leave early.
I saw you leave the building at 2:30.
I saw you leaving the building at 2:30.
I saw you leaving.
I saw you lock the door.
I saw you look at it.
I saw you looking at Tom.
I saw you looking at her.
I saw you looking.
I saw you making eyes at Mr Nagashima.
I saw you making eyes at Tom.
I saw you ogling women on the beach as they passed by.
I saw you on TV.
I saw you on television.
I saw you on the street.
I saw you out here by yourself and thought you might like someone to talk to.
I saw you outside.
I saw you playing tennis.
I saw you playing the violin.
I saw you practicing.
I saw you practising in front of the mirror.
I saw you practising.
I saw you reading.
I saw you shoot Tom.
I saw you skiing yesterday morning.
I saw you slap Tom.
I saw you smack Tom.
I saw you smile.
I saw you smiling.
I saw you sneaking away.
I saw you snickering.
I saw you snorting cocaine. Don't deny it!
I saw you spying on Tom.
I saw you spying on her.
I saw you spying on him.
I saw you spying on them.
I saw you spying on us.
I saw you staring at Tom.
I saw you staring at her.
I saw you staring at him.
I saw you staring at me.
I saw you staring at them.
I saw you steal Tom's wallet.
I saw you stealing Tom's wallet.
I saw you stick your claws out.
I saw you sunbathing yesterday afternoon.
I saw you swimming.
I saw you tailing them.
I saw you take Tom's keys.
I saw you take something.
I saw you take the money.
I saw you taking the money.
I saw you talking on the phone.
I saw you talking to Tom earlier.
I saw you talking to Tom.
I saw you talking to her.
I saw you talking to him.
I saw you talking to somebody.
I saw you talking to them.
I saw you talking with Tom.
I saw you there with a tall guy. Who is he?
I saw you there.
I saw you three together last night.
I saw you throw that at Tom.
I saw you throwing away your old clothes.
I saw you trip and fall.
I saw you two fighting.
I saw you under the fig tree.
I saw you waiting for someone in front of the school.
I saw you waiting in the lobby.
I saw you waiting.
I saw you washing your lorry today.
I saw you wasting water.
I saw you watching us.
I saw you were afraid to throw that at Tom.
I saw you while you were still under the fig tree before Philip called you.
I saw you whispering something to Tom.
I saw you win.
I saw you winking at Tom.
I saw you winning earlier.
I saw you with Layla.
I saw you with Mary.
I saw you with Tom in the park.
I saw you with Tom last Monday.
I saw you with Tom today.
I saw you with Tom yesterday.
I saw you with Tom.
I saw you with a box.
I saw you with a girl.
I saw you with a group of men.
I saw you with a guy.
I saw you with a man.
I saw you with a policeman.
I saw you with a tall boy.
I saw you with a woman.
I saw you with her last Monday.
I saw you with her.
I saw you with him last Monday.
I saw you with him.
I saw you with my own eyes with those girls.
I saw you with some girl.
I saw you with them last Monday.
I saw you working and I didn't bother you.
I saw you working and I didn’t bother you.
I saw you working in the garden.
I saw you yawn.
I saw you yawning.
I saw you yesterday at the funeral.
I saw you yesterday in the park.
I saw you yesterday in the station, were you going to say goodbye to Marta?
I saw you yesterday morning.
I saw you yesterday.
I saw you've posted a "for sale" sign.
I saw you, but I don't know when and where.
I saw you, by the river.
I saw you-know-who at the market today.
I saw you.
I saw your audition video.
I saw your boyfriend kissing Mary.
I saw your boyfriend kissing Tom.
I saw your brochure.
I saw your brother the day before yesterday.
I saw your brother the other day.
I saw your car outside.
I saw your chest move.
I saw your cool photos.
I saw your cousin Tom just a few days ago.
I saw your designs.
I saw your ex.
I saw your father and hers.
I saw your father and his.
I saw your father and your sister.
I saw your father.
I saw your feet move.
I saw your fingers move.
I saw your friend here yesterday.
I saw your friend the other day.
I saw your friends here yesterday.
I saw your girlfriend kissing Tom.
I saw your guys's father.
I saw your hands move.
I saw your light was on and knew you were still awake.
I saw your lights. Are you in distress?
I saw your lips move.
I saw your livestream.
I saw your name and posts in an English forum and took the liberty of reading your profile.
I saw your name on the list.
I saw your new pictures online.
I saw your note.
I saw your notice.
I saw your painting.
I saw your paintings.
I saw your parents at church.
I saw your partner run off just now and now you're sitting all alone.
I saw your performance yesterday.
I saw your photo.
I saw your photographs.
I saw your photos.
I saw your picture in the paper.
I saw your plans.
I saw your profile today at tatoeba.org and I love it. I would like to know more about you, so please email me back and I will send you some pictures of me.
I saw your progress about your dentist career and I'm really happy for you!
I saw your report.
I saw your resume.
I saw your shadow.
I saw your shop board out there on the road.
I saw your show last night.
I saw your sister the day before yesterday.
I saw your sketchbook.
I saw your sketches.
I saw your smoke signals. Are you in distress?
I saw your son yesterday morning.
I saw your student.
I saw your tattoo.
I saw your test scores.
I saw your toes move.
I saw your trial.
I saw your van outside.
I saw your window open.
I saw.
I sawed off my own arm.
I say "Hi, friend.".
I say "I'm Tom".
I say "You walk on the ice." two times.
I say "no" to clothing that's black and sad.
I say "should", because theses written in the present tense are still seen around and about.
I say I'm a conscious shopper.
I say I'm not guilty.
I say Paul's book will be read.
I say both as they are different genres of music.
I say everything in Berber.
I say everything.
I say give it a chance.
I say go for it.
I say goodbye to you.
I say happy birthday.
I say in all sincerity.
I say it all the time.
I say it's OK.
I say it's time for a change.
I say it's time to sleep!
I say it's worth a try.
I say it's worth the risk.
I say live and let live.
I say my pipe is a non-pot pipe.
I say now amo “I love”, then you say quem amas? “Whom do you love?” I say te amo “I love you” then my love falls on you, and you can say amor a te “I am loved by you”; doceo te “I teach you”, and you say: doceor a te “I am taught by you”, et cetera.
I say quite deliberately that the Christian religion, as organized in its churches, has been and still is the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.
I say something in Lojban.
I say thank you at least ten times a day.
I say that a wise doctor, when he does not know what he is talking about, should know enough to keep his mouth shut.
I say that all the time.
I say that for you.
I say that the city now has too much extravagance.
I say that this apple is delicious.
I say that with a smile.
I say the same thing over and over.
I say the stuff is rotten.
I say there's nothing better than a cold glass of water on a hot day!
I say things the way I feel them.
I say this as a compliment.
I say this every day.
I say this from my heart.
I say this from my own experience.
I say this is not true.
I say this is the truth.
I say this not because of me.
I say this so that you understand.
I say to Algeria thank you with all my heart.
I say to you quite frankly that the time for racial discrimination is over.
I say we get a smoothie.
I say we take a break.
I say we take a chance.
I say we take a look.
I say we take a vote.
I say what I think, and not what you want to hear.
I say what I think.
I say what other people won't.
I say when I don't like something.
I say, â€œI’m Johnâ€.
I say, “I’m John”.
I scalded myself with boiling water from the kettle.
I scaled Mt. Fuji three times.
I scaled one.
I scanned the QR code.
I scanned the clearing, but saw nothing.
I scanned the old book.
I scanned the room.
I scarcely believed my eyes.
I scarcely ever do that anymore.
I scarcely ever do that.
I scarcely slept a wink.
I scarcely think so.
I scare easily.
I scare her.
I scare him.
I scare no one.
I scare women.
I scared Nuja.
I scared Tom.
I scared her.
I scared him out of cheating on the exam.
I scared him with a knife.
I scared him.
I scared one away.
I scared the kids.
I scared the stray dogs off.
I scared you.
I scheduled a consultation with an oncologist.
I scoff at it.
I scoffed it dry.
I scoffed.
I scolded Tom for doing that.
I scolded Tom.
I scolded him well.
I scolded him.
I scored 100 on the maths exam.
I scored 20 on the maths exam.
I scored a goal.
I scored only 33 points in the test.
I scored only 33 points on the test.
I scored some goals.
I scored thirty points.
I scoured the Internet for information about the case.
I scoured the neighborhood.
I scowled.
I scraped my knee on the fence.
I scraped my knee.
I scraped my shin.
I scratched my CDs.
I scratched my head so hard it started bleeding.
I scratched my records.
I scratched myself on a branch.
I scratched myself with a branch.
I scream a lot.
I scream for ice cream.
I scream, but it drowns in the laughter of others.
I scream.
I scream. We scream. We all scream for ice cream.
I screamed again.
I screamed and ran as fast as I could.
I screamed and ran out of the room.
I screamed at Skura.
I screamed at the top of my lungs.
I screamed but nobody could hear me.
I screamed for help, but no one came.
I screamed for help.
I screamed in pain.
I screamed, but nobody could hear me.
I screamed.
I screwed around a lot.
I screwed everything up.
I screwed up at work.
I screwed up big-time.
I screwed up my courage and went there.
I screwed up the exam.
I screwed up the very first note.
I screwed up, and I know it.
I screwed up.
I scribbled down his address in the back of my diary.
I scribbled.
I scrub the dirty floor.
I scrubbed the bathtub rigorously.
I scrubbed the sink.
I scrunched down.
I search for meaning in this emptiness, hoping for a sign to help.
I search for the right words but find nothing.
I searched about, in surprise, and came on a beautiful baby, in rich swaddling bands, with a gold signet ring tied round its neck.
I searched all of YouTube for the movie, but all I found was Rickrolls.
I searched all over for Tom.
I searched all over for her.
I searched all over for him.
I searched all over for them.
I searched all over for you.
I searched all the dictionaries to find a suitable word.
I searched all the rooms for the lost thing.
I searched anxiously, but I found nothing.
I searched at the pub for the person I had met online, but there was nobody who looked like that.
I searched every room for my keys.
I searched everywhere, but I didn't find it.
I searched everywhere, except for the right place.
I searched for Mina.
I searched for Rima in the house.
I searched for Swedish rap, but found nothing other than Iraqi guys rapping in Swedish.
I searched for a book with many pictures.
I searched for hours, but couldn't find it.
I searched for my father's false teeth at the lost and found, but had no luck.
I searched for the meaning of this word in the dictionary.
I searched for them.
I searched high and low for my glasses but couldn't find them.
I searched high and low for my glasses but couldn’t find them.
I searched high and low for my lighter but couldn't find it.
I searched high and low for my lighter but couldn’t find it.
I searched in my pocket for a coin to make a phone call.
I searched my pockets for my wallet.
I searched my pockets for the wallet.
I searched something like "How to earn money online”.
I searched that room myself.
I searched the area.
I searched the drawer for the key.
I searched the entire house looking for my phone, but it was in my pocket the whole time.
I searched the whole house, but there was no sign of him.
I searched the whole house.
I searched the whole world — I didn’t miss a single country!
I searched under the mat and in the nearby flower pot to find the key.
I searched, but I didn't find her.
I searched, but I didn't find him.
I searched, but I didn't find it.
I season the salad with oil and vinegar to give it flavor.
I seasoned the beans with herbs.
I seasoned the black-eyed beans with spices.
I seasoned the fish with salt and pepper.
I seated myself between Tom and John.
I second his nomination.
I second that idea.
I second that.
I second the motion.
I secretly admire a few famous personalities for their work.
I secretly hoped this would happen.
I secretly installed cameras at Rima's house.
I secretly photographed her.
I seduced Mina.
I see Dan and Andrei.
I see Dan.
I see Dana and Corina.
I see Dana.
I see I have no choice.
I see I was right.
I see I was wrong.
I see I'm wasting my time.
I see José's house.
I see Marika almost every day.
I see Mary every time she comes to Boston.
I see Mary playing the piano.
I see Tom a lot.
I see Tom almost every day after school.
I see Tom almost every day.
I see Tom and Mary.
I see Tom as cunning rather than clever.
I see Tom coming down the street.
I see Tom dropped by.
I see Tom every day.
I see Tom every time he comes to Australia.
I see Tom every time he comes to Boston.
I see Tom every time that he comes to Australia.
I see Tom every week.
I see Tom every weekend.
I see Tom four or five times a month.
I see Tom frequently.
I see Tom from time to time.
I see Tom hasn't changed at all.
I see Tom here all the time.
I see Tom is still asleep.
I see Tom isn't here again.
I see Tom isn't here today.
I see Tom now.
I see Tom once every three months.
I see Tom pretty often.
I see Tom quite often.
I see Tom sitting over there.
I see Tom trusts you.
I see Tom up there.
I see Tom's face everywhere I go.
I see Tom's house.
I see Tom's not here again.
I see Tom's point here.
I see Tom's point.
I see Tom, but I don't hear his footsteps.
I see Tom.
I see a bad moon emerging.
I see a beard and a cloak, but I have yet to see a philosopher.
I see a bee on the flower.
I see a big difference.
I see a big smile on your face. You must be happy.
I see a big star in the sky.
I see a bird on the roof.
I see a black horse.
I see a boat.
I see a book on the desk.
I see a book on the table.
I see a book.
I see a box.
I see a boy.
I see a bright future for you.
I see a bus.
I see a castle.
I see a cat chasing a dog.
I see a cat made of plastic.
I see a cat.
I see a church.
I see a clock, but I cannot envision the clockmaker. The human mind is unable to conceive of the four dimensions, so how can it conceive of a God, before whom a thousand years and a thousand dimensions are as one?
I see a cross made of wood.
I see a cross.
I see a crown.
I see a cup made of shining ivory.
I see a deer.
I see a dog.
I see a door.
I see a flower on the desk.
I see a flower on the table.
I see a future with you.
I see a gentleman and a lady.
I see a ghost, how creepy!
I see a giraffe.
I see a girl standing under that tree.
I see a girl.
I see a good boy.
I see a great danger in his plan.
I see a harmful animal.
I see a house among the trees.
I see a house.
I see a lady and two dogs in the car.
I see a laptop on the desk.
I see a large bear.
I see a light.
I see a lion.
I see a little boy standing right next to me.
I see a little girl.
I see a lot of PhD students these days who have poor mental health.
I see a lot of hypocrisy.
I see a lot of similarities.
I see a lot of this.
I see a lot, but understand little.
I see a lot.
I see a man and a woman.
I see a man behind the trees.
I see a man between the trees.
I see a man.
I see a mirror.
I see a monkey without a tail.
I see a mouse.
I see a nest high up in the tree.
I see a nobleman and a noblewoman.
I see a page has been torn out of this book.
I see a pattern, there.
I see a pattern.
I see a plane flying over our house.
I see a plane.
I see a queen.
I see a rare flower in the vase.
I see a red car ahead.
I see a reindeer.
I see a resemblance.
I see a robe.
I see a rose.
I see a school.
I see a shadow in the garden.
I see a ship on the horizon.
I see a silly face, walking around and smiling at me.
I see a small ship.
I see a small vessel.
I see a smoke stack over the horizon.
I see a spider.
I see a star.
I see a stone.
I see a surge in loan growth.
I see a tattered flag which continues to flutter in the wind.
I see a tower over there.
I see a tractor.
I see a tree.
I see a white lion.
I see a woman in the park.
I see a woman wearing black.
I see a woman.
I see a world of possibilities.
I see again the nativity scene with the ox and the donkey.
I see an America on the move again, united, a diverse and vital and tolerant nation, entering our third century with pride and confidence, an America that lives up to the majesty of our Constitution and the simple decency of our people.
I see an ivory cross.
I see an old woman under the tree.
I see and hear.
I see another but a tinier Troy, / a seeming Pergama recalls the great. / A dried-up Xanthus I salute with joy, / and clasp the portals of a Scaean gate.
I see beauty in the smallest details of life.
I see better with my right eye than with my left.
I see bubbling already.
I see clearly now the fog has lifted. I can see all the ties in the closet!
I see cold ice.
I see couples together and wonder why I can no longer feel that way.
I see dead people.
I see death around the corner.
I see double.
I see everything black.
I see everything from my window.
I see fear in your eyes.
I see fireworks!
I see fireworks.
I see five men.
I see flamingos everywhere.
I see flashlights in the distance.
I see flowers sold everywhere around town today.
I see friends and greet them.
I see great possibility in him.
I see great potential in Tom.
I see hate in your eyes, just as you once saw it in mine.
I see he's still asleep.
I see her all the time, although I never talk to her.
I see her as a woman of faith.
I see her even in my dreams.
I see her every day.
I see her frequently.
I see her house.
I see her in my dreams often.
I see her laughing and joking with them.
I see her only on Mondays.
I see her pretty often.
I see her quite often.
I see her sweeping the room.
I see her two or three times a month.
I see her two, three times a month.
I see her.
I see him almost every day.
I see him as a stranger.
I see him as my son.
I see him as slave of money.
I see him coming over the bridge.
I see him eating and sleeping, sleeping and eating, playing games whenever, lazy in the utmost!
I see him every day.
I see him frequently.
I see him from time to time.
I see him in the library now and then.
I see him in the mosque.
I see him now.
I see him often.
I see him on occasion.
I see him once in a while.
I see him only on Tuesdays during Physics lectures.
I see him pretty often.
I see him quite often in the city. Sometimes we have lunch together.
I see him quite often.
I see him singing, but this isn't often.
I see him singing, but this isn’t often.
I see him tomorrow afternoon.
I see him very rarely.
I see him.
I see his house.
I see how dangerous it is.
I see how it is.
I see how you are studying.
I see how you did that.
I see how you study.
I see in double.
I see it as a journey of self-discovery and growth.
I see it as being like a book club.
I see it every day.
I see it now as well.
I see it now, too.
I see it now.
I see it quite differently.
I see it rarely.
I see it that way, too.
I see it the same way.
I see it's OK now.
I see it's snowing.
I see it.
I see life differently now.
I see life through the light of your eyes.
I see linguistic diversity as a precious treasure to be protected.
I see linguistic diversity as a treasure to be cherished.
I see little of my father these days.
I see love as a valuable treasure.
I see many documentaries on television about nature and animal life.
I see marriage differently now.
I see mine every day.
I see money, but I don't see gold.
I see much future potential in you.
I see much of Takaoka.
I see my book.
I see my brother's glass.
I see my brother.
I see my crown.
I see my family.
I see my friends while going to school.
I see my friends' house.
I see my future wife.
I see my reflection in the window.
I see my rose.
I see my ship.
I see my table.
I see myself as a historian.
I see myself as different from most people.
I see myself better than everybody.
I see myself differently than you see me.
I see myself getting better.
I see myself in Mary.
I see myself in Tom.
I see myself in the mirror.
I see myself in you.
I see myself transforming over time.
I see myself.
I see no God up here.
I see no alternative.
I see no analogy between your problem and mine.
I see no benefit.
I see no cause for alarm.
I see no conspiracy here.
I see no conspiracy there.
I see no contradiction here.
I see no easy solution.
I see no harm in your going out alone this evening.
I see no indication of that ever happening.
I see no means of solving this.
I see no need for Tom to do that.
I see no need for me to do that.
I see no need for you to do that.
I see no need to do that again.
I see no need to do that.
I see no need to go to Australia.
I see no need to go to Boston.
I see no need to stay in Australia any longer.
I see no need to stay in Boston any longer.
I see no need to study French.
I see no need to tell Tom.
I see no need to tell her.
I see no need to tell him.
I see no need to tell them.
I see no need to tell you.
I see no other alternative.
I see no other choice.
I see no other course of action.
I see no other possibility.
I see no other possible explanation.
I see no point in continuing this conversation.
I see no point in doing it.
I see no point in doing that.
I see no problem with that.
I see no problem with this.
I see no problems here.
I see no reason I should participate.
I see no reason for us to be enemies.
I see no reason for us to do what Tom told us to do.
I see no reason for us to leave.
I see no reason not to do that right now.
I see no reason not to do that.
I see no reason not to tell Tom what happened.
I see no reason not to visit Tom.
I see no reason not to.
I see no reason that we have to wait until Tom gets here to start drinking.
I see no reason that we need to wait until Tom gets here to start drinking.
I see no reason to change our plans.
I see no reason to continue this discussion.
I see no reason to continue.
I see no reason to discuss it further.
I see no reason to stop.
I see no reason to tell Tom anything.
I see no reason to tell you anything.
I see no reason we need to wait until Tom gets here to start drinking.
I see no reason why I should defend Tom.
I see no reason why I should respect Tom.
I see no reason why I should support somebody like Tom.
I see no reason why I should tell you.
I see no reason why I shouldn't accept her offer.
I see no reason why I shouldn't put it into practice.
I see no reason why I shouldn’t accept her offer.
I see no reason why I shouldn’t put it into practice.
I see no reason why he doesn't relate to the firm.
I see no reason why he doesn’t relate to the firm.
I see no reason why we can't start drinking.
I see no reason why we shouldn't do that.
I see no reason why you shouldn't ask Tom to go to Boston with you.
I see no reason why you shouldn't do that.
