Yanni's smile demonstrates trust.
Yanni's smile means something else.
Yanni's smile really creeped me out.
Yanni's smooth talking got him off the hook.
Yanni's snoring is almost musical.
Yanni's soccer career moved onwards and upwards.
Yanni's son can do things with a smartphone even better than his dad can.
Yanni's son fell and got bruised.
Yanni's son has some birth defects.
Yanni's son shoved something in the crack of the window.
Yanni's son was born severely cross-eyed.
Yanni's song is sung to that same tune.
Yanni's song is very similar to that tune.
Yanni's speech is literally making less and less sense.
Yanni's speech was so inspiring.
Yanni's stab wounds were not life-threatening.
Yanni's stalker has followed him here.
Yanni's stalking gave Skura nightmares.
Yanni's steering wheel started resisting a bit.
Yanni's stitches came out.
Yanni's stomach twisted.
Yanni's stool almost fell over.
Yanni's store got a little busier.
Yanni's store is closing.
Yanni's store is located forty minutes away.
Yanni's store is open 24 hours a day.
Yanni's store is open.
Yanni's store is opening soon.
Yanni's store sits in the countryside of Algeria.
Yanni's stories sound like a broken record.
Yanni's story blew Skura's mind.
Yanni's story didn't really stick up.
Yanni's story gave police their first big lead.
Yanni's story has multiple parts.
Yanni's story is false.
Yanni's story is funny.
Yanni's story is inspirational.
Yanni's story is less funny.
Yanni's story is long and convoluted.
Yanni's story is worse.
Yanni's story made Skura's skin crawl.
Yanni's story made me sick to my stomach.
Yanni's story matched that of his friends.
Yanni's story puzzles investigators to this day.
Yanni's story sounds crazy.
Yanni's story sounds like complete bullshit.
Yanni's story sounds weird.
Yanni's street was all taped off and teeming with police officers.
Yanni's supervisor made the decision.
Yanni's surgery was postponed.
Yanni's swimming pool is behind the house.
Yanni's t-shirt is ugly.
Yanni's table is clean.
Yanni's talent can be seen in his paintings.
Yanni's taste in women is pretty bad in general.
Yanni's tattoos would put a hardened gang member to shame.
Yanni's teaching salary is not enough to fund his extravagant lifestyle.
Yanni's technique can really help.
Yanni's teeth and fingernails were stained yellow.
Yanni's teeth were yellow.
Yanni's temper began to take a dramatic turn.
Yanni's terrible sins can't be washed away.
Yanni's test came back normal.
Yanni's testimony will clear up any confusion about Skura's death.
Yanni's thoughts are normal.
Yanni's thoughts instantly went to Skura.
Yanni's thriving career was ripped from under him.
Yanni's throat was slashed twice.
Yanni's time will come.
Yanni's tone changed.
Yanni's toolbag looks like a purse.
Yanni's torch started getting dimmer and dimmer.
Yanni's town is located so close to Algiers.
Yanni's town isn't too far from Algiers.
Yanni's town isn't very far from Mecca.
Yanni's town was nowhere near Algiers.
Yanni's transfer left a hole in his office.
Yanni's trip started out normal.
Yanni's trip to Algiers was a memorable experience.
Yanni's trip to Algiers was a memorable moment.
Yanni's trip to Japan has changed him a lot.
Yanni's trip to Japan was an amazing experience.
Yanni's truck disappeared behind a thick patch of trees.
Yanni's truck doesn't have mud flaps.
Yanni's truck drove around again.
Yanni's truck sure looks like Rima's.
Yanni's truck was missing.
Yanni's trucking route is from Algiers to Bejaia.
Yanni's true name is Ziri.
Yanni's tumor in his brain burst.
Yanni's upbringing was extremely violent.
Yanni's van exploded.
Yanni's van has over forty thousand kilometers.
Yanni's van is filled with German technology.
Yanni's van is still running great.
Yanni's van is still running nice.
Yanni's van was filthy.
Yanni's vehicle was located in Algiers.
Yanni's very life depends on this answer.
Yanni's victims were all prostitutes.
Yanni's video is entitled "Tamazight For Beginners."
Yanni's video is four minutes long. It should have been four seconds.
Yanni's video is four minutes long. It should have been one.
Yanni's video was broadcast by BBC.
Yanni's village is at the foot of the Djurdjura Mountains.
Yanni's violent bursts are forecasting doom.
Yanni's violent mood swings were never far from the surface.
Yanni's visual impairment makes him more vulnerable.
Yanni's voice is louder than a foghorn.
Yanni's voice scared the life out of Skura.
Yanni's voice sounded shook.
Yanni's voice was Skura's therapy.
Yanni's voice was so soft and soothing.
Yanni's voice will be silenced.
Yanni's wallet is empty.
Yanni's wallet was found in the septic tank.
Yanni's wallet was lying there on the pavement.
Yanni's washing machine is working.
Yanni's weirdness was part of his charm.
Yanni's wife and kids are away right now.
Yanni's wife and their new maid were polar opposites.
Yanni's wife bled him dry.
Yanni's wife forbade him from using Facebook anymore.
Yanni's wife gave birth last night.
Yanni's wife gave birth yesterday.
Yanni's wife has left him.
Yanni's wife hates him.
Yanni's wife is Muslim.
Yanni's wife is from Algeria.
Yanni's wife is from Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni's wife is sick and needs constant care.
Yanni's wife is so stressed around the house.
Yanni's wife just left him.
Yanni's wife kicked him out.
Yanni's wife suddenly died.
Yanni's wife takes care of the money. He just makes it.
Yanni's wife walked out on him.
Yanni's wife was abused and neglected while ill with cancer.
Yanni's wife was born and raised in Algiers.
Yanni's wife went up to Skura and apologized.
Yanni's wig is totally different than his own hair.
Yanni's window faces the post office.
Yanni's window was never shut.
Yanni's window was shattered.
Yanni's windows are barred shut.
Yanni's windshield bullseye is larger than a quarter.
Yanni's windshield chips are barely noticeable.
Yanni's windshield chips are barely visible.
Yanni's windshield chips can't be seen at all.
Yanni's windshield crack is growing rapidly.
Yanni's windshield crack started growing and growing.
Yanni's windshield crack started growing.
Yanni's windshield doesn't have chips.
Yanni's windshield has a couple huge cracks.
Yanni's windshield has a tiny chip on the left.
Yanni's windshield has dozens of chips.
Yanni's windshield has huge cracks.
Yanni's windshield has lots of rock chips.
Yanni's windshield has many murky areas.
Yanni's windshield has wiper marks.
Yanni's windshield has wiper scratches.
Yanni's windshield is all cracked.
Yanni's windshield is all damaged.
Yanni's windshield is all dirty.
Yanni's windshield is all scratched up.
Yanni's windshield is all scratched.
Yanni's windshield is always dirty.
Yanni's windshield is cracked.
Yanni's windshield is dusty.
Yanni's windshield is full of chips, cracks, and scratches.
Yanni's windshield is nice and clean.
Yanni's windshield is really scratched up.
Yanni's windshield is scratched all over.
Yanni's windshield is scratched.
Yanni's windshield is totally damaged.
Yanni's windshield is wet.
Yanni's windshield isn't curved properly. That's why when it rains, his car leaks inside.
Yanni's windshield isn't damaged.
Yanni's windshield looks a lot better now.
Yanni's windshield looks really ugly.
Yanni's windshield needs cleaning.
Yanni's windshield needs to be replaced.
Yanni's windshield wipers are worn out and they're scratching his windshield.
Yanni's wine is very sweet.
Yanni's wipers still make that noise.
Yanni's word was final.
Yanni's words are the final straw. I'm filing for a divorce.
Yanni's words chilled Skura's blood.
Yanni's words fell on deaf ears.
Yanni's work is very good.
Yanni's world was about to come crashing down.
Yanni's world was crashing down.
Yanni's world was crumbling.
Yanni's world was turned upside down.
Yanni's worst fear is being alone.
Yanni's yes isn't yes.
Yanni, Skura, Ziri, and Nuja were all raised by the same mother.
Yanni, Skura, and their friends arranged a meeting on Christmas eve.
Yanni, a Norwegian ex-priest, came to Islam in 2004.
Yanni, a bank robber, taught Skura the tricks of his trade and they became partners in crime.
Yanni, a football player who killed his wife, won't be another O.J. Simpson. He will be punished accordingly.
Yanni, a judge's son, can bring Skura down.
Yanni, an experienced first-responder, has saved more than four hundred lives.
Yanni, are you paying attention?
Yanni, our ex-imam, tried many paths before he decided to serve God.
Yanni, please stop.
Yanni, too, has days like that.
Yanni, too, left the car.
Yanni, where have you been?
Yanni, who got life in prison at twenty-four, had a life ahead of him.
Yanni, who was used to living paycheck to paycheck, is now out of the red.
Yannin and Skura were both in hell.
Yannin isn't part of Skura's life.
Yannin was inside the house.
Yannio never turns the bathroom lights on.
Yantarenergosbyt sent me another invoice for utility bills.
Yanukovich became president of Ukraine in 2010.
Yanukovich was Ukraine's pro-Russian president.
Yanukovich's government was toppled in 2014.
Yanukovych’s Mezhyhirya residence became a corruption museum of sorts.
Yaoundé is the capital of Cameroon.
Yara is avoiding me.
Yaren is the capital of Nauru.
Yarn bombing is the practice of covering objects or trees with knitted yarn.
Yarn is spun from different fibers.
Yaroslav likes New Zealand, a big country with a small population.
Yaroslav the Ukrainian and I have discussed the concept of having one time zone for this whole world. He's like the "Esperanto Man."
Yasmin is Brazilian.
Yasmina did not get what she hoped to.
Yasmina. Behind such a warm voice lies a moving story.
Yasuhisa Toyota, one of the world’s most sought-after acousticians, designed the Elbphilharmonie's concert hall.
Yasunori leaned into the armrest and looked in bemusement at the breakfast laid before him.
Yautja culture places great importance on trophies, and they often collect skulls and other body parts from their slain prey.
Yautja weaponry is highly advanced, including plasma-based weapons, shoulder-mounted cannons, and retractable wrist blades.
Yawn a big long yawn.
Yawn, that's enough for today.
Yawning in a meeting is not polite.
Yawning in a meeting isn't polite.
Yawning is contagious.
Yay!
Yay! I'm gonna go swimming in the ocean today!
Yay! I'm happy that it's an apple that I'm eating!
Yay! Our team won again.
Yay! We're gonna win!
Yay, I went to the store!
Yay, I won!
Yay.
Yazid, my Algerian friend, was with me all the time.
Yazidi activists and religious freedom advocates say restorative justice is needed for the community to recover from the genocide and remain in Iraq.
Yazidi tradition dictates that the songs are handed down from one generation to the next, with musicians memorizing upward of 500 pieces.
Ye heed not what he saith.
Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me; and where I am, thither ye cannot come.
Ye speak.
Yea your father hath also overreached me, and hath changed my wages ten times: and yet God hath not suffered him to hurt me.
Yea, I guess you can call that a supermarket.
Yea, and more, / in war enduring, ere he built a home, / and his loved household-deities brought o'er / to Latium, whence the Latin people come, / whence rose the Alban sires, and walls of lofty Rome.
Yea, that's all it is.
Yea, that’s all it is.
Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.
Yea, would to God, I were among the roses, That lean to kiss you as you float between While on the lowest branch a bud uncloses A bud uncloses, to touch you, my queen.
Yeah I know full well that they would appreciate it, but it would just bore me to death.
Yeah, I asked about six times.
Yeah, I felt bad when we broke up, but I don't lose any sleep over it.
Yeah, I felt bad when we broke up, but I don’t lose any sleep over it.
Yeah, I figured as much.
Yeah, I got a new job but it's nothing to write home about.
Yeah, I got a new job but it’s nothing to write home about.
Yeah, I guess that's a good point.
Yeah, I have a good idea.
Yeah, I just stepped on your foot. What are you going to do about it?
Yeah, I know it's a lot.
Yeah, I like that.
Yeah, I see what you mean.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
Yeah, I understand, thanks.
Yeah, I understand.
Yeah, I want you to do it.
Yeah, I wear pajamas to sleep. Doesn't everyone?
Yeah, I'd like that.
Yeah, I'm crazy.
Yeah, I'm going to get married.
Yeah, I'm going to take tomorrow off.
Yeah, I'm interested.
Yeah, I'm talking to you.
Yeah, I've always thought it's as plain as the nose on your face.
Yeah, I've had it forever.
Yeah, I’ll go.
Yeah, I’m going to take tomorrow off.
Yeah, I’ve always thought it’s as plain as the nose on your face.
Yeah, I’ve had it forever.
Yeah, OK, Tom.
Yeah, a little.
Yeah, and?
Yeah, baby.
Yeah, but I'll have to take the rap if they slip up.
Yeah, but I’ll have to take the rap if they slip up.
Yeah, fat chance!
Yeah, how did you guess?
Yeah, isn't that great?
Yeah, it is mine.
Yeah, it's been a long time.
Yeah, it's exactly the same.
Yeah, it's going very well.
Yeah, it's no big deal.
Yeah, it’s been a long time.
Yeah, let's go!
Yeah, let's move on!
Yeah, me too.
Yeah, right!
Yeah, right, he'll get his act together. When pigs fly.
Yeah, right, he'll mend his ways. When Hell freezes over.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, she must be the sure thing!
Yeah, show us your t... ranslations...
Yeah, show us your ti..., uh, translations.
Yeah, so what?
Yeah, something like that.
Yeah, sometimes they do.
Yeah, sure, lord it over me, why don't you.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, that felt wrong actually.
Yeah, that sounds fine.
Yeah, that's exactly what I want.
Yeah, that's right! Thanks.
Yeah, that's the truth.
Yeah, that's what I meant.
Yeah, that's what I said.
Yeah, that's what I'd do.
Yeah, that's what I'll do.
Yeah, there was some sort of reply from them.
Yeah, this is true.
Yeah, we already know you're a big guy!
Yeah, we're experiencing revolutionary times.
Yeah, yeah, exactly! That's what I wanted to say.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, you could be right.
Yeah, you could say that.
Yeah, you got us.
Yeah, you guys are right.
Yeah, you're right.
Yeah.
Yeah. I think I can live with that.
Yeah. I think so, too.
Yeah. I was the one who called you last night.
Yeah. I'm super worn-out.
Yeah. I'm the one who called you last night.
Yeah. That'd be great.
Year 10 students weren't invited.
Year 2011's most infamous expression is "Kebab murders".
Year 2011's most notorious expression is "Kebab murders".
Year after year they re-appeared; and it was known that underneath those fertile spots, heaps of men and horses lay buried, indiscriminately, enriching the ground.
Year after year, production continued to increase.
Year by year, summer becomes warmer and winter becomes cooler.
Year followed year...
Year in and year out in this place we have naught but these little haps to lighten our thoughts.
Years ago this principle was widely recognized.
Years ago, I looked forward to lunchtime, when I worked for a software company called TGI Technologies, near Main Street and Science World in Vancouver, BC. I alternated between several Chinese restaurants, an East Indian restaurant called Nirvana, and a Japanese restaurant with a very friendly Korean waitress.
Years ago, my Fijian neighbour would wear a colourful wraparound "sulu" around his house and yard.
Years ago, she used to hang around with a bunch of bikers.
Years ago, the elves in that forest were cursed.
Years ago, when Tom's children were young, he used to take a lot of pictures.
Years ago, when Tom’s children were young, he used to take a lot of pictures.
Years ago, you weren't alive.
Years ago.
Years back, I had a coronary vasospasm that could have led to a heart attack.
Years do not wait, no matter how much men may wait.
Years flew by and Ziri turned fourteen.
Years have passed before I fully grasped my Master's teachings.
Years have passed before I fully understood my Master's teachings.
Years intervene between the two incidents.
Years later, Europeans established colonies in the coastal areas.
Years later, at the International Space Station, his dream of being an astronaut came true.
Years later, she broke her silence.
Years of cooking for her family have made her molcajete very well-seasoned.
Years of effort came to nothing.
Years of effort have come to nothing.
Years of farm work have hardened his body.
Years of hardship had not caused him to lose his faith.
Years of heavy drinking has left John with a beer gut.
Years of living an immigrant's life in North America has corrupted her once genteel Filipina demeanour.
Years of peace that had ended in an instant with one of those terribly frightening screams resurfaced in his mind. Their details, however minute, came back to his memory with such intensity that even reality no longer seemed as "real".
Years of practice has enabled me to keep accounts without difficulty.
Years of resistance to misfortune ended when the settlers' village was overcome by the savages and their hopes and lives came to the bitter end.
Years of resistance to misfortune ended when the settlers’ village was overcome by the savages and their hopes and lives came to the bitter end.
Years of running in marathons have taken a toll on my knees.
Years pass swiftly in Burzee, for the nymphs have no need to regard time in any way. Even centuries make no change in the dainty creatures; ever and ever they remain the same, immortal and unchanging.
Years passed, till Vasilissa grew up and became of an age when it is good to marry. All the young men in the village, high and low, rich and poor, asked for her hand, while not one of them stopped even to look at the stepmother's two daughters, so ill-favored were they.
Years passed.
Years spent playing in the percussion section took a toll on her hearing.
Yeast acts as an agent in making bread rise.
Yeast is used in making beer.
Yeast is used in making bread.
Yeast makes beer ferment.
Yeast makes dough rise.
Yeast will make the dough rise.
Yecch. This rice cracker is soggy.
Yekaterinburg used to be named Sverdlovsk, after the communist revolutionary, Yakov Sverdlov. The oblast that it is in is still called "Sverdlovsk Oblast".
Yelha usmel n Tatoeba?
Yell!
Yell.
Yella Houha has the citizenship of a non-existent nation.
Yella Houha is the citizen of a non-existent nation.
Yella yeẓra belli ad d-yas was ad yessiweḍ.
Yelling about it won't help now. You should have done that when it counted.
Yelling about it won't help now. You should've done that when it counted.
Yelling about it won’t help now. You should have done that when it counted.
Yelling and screaming is not going to get you anywhere.
Yelling and screaming isn't going to get you anywhere.
Yelling at Tom isn't going to help.
Yelling became Sami's way for solving his problems.
Yelling is completely unnecessary.
Yellow and blue go well together.
Yellow fever and smallpox were no longer a threat.
Yellow fever is a viral disease affecting the liver and kidneys, causing high fever and a yellowing of the skin and eyes.
Yellow is a primary colour of pigments, but not of light; those are only red, green, and blue.
Yellow is my favorite color.
Yellow jackets are more aggressive than hornets.
Yellow leaves carpeted the lanes and fluttered down upon us as we passed.
Yellow loosestrife is edible.
Yellow or stripe rust has been in the region for many years but was contained by using certain resistant crops.
Yellow-bellied marmots are found in the western U.S., while groundhogs are found in the east.
Yellow-spotted bell frogs were thought to have become extinct until a chance discovery a decade ago.
Yellowish leafs can be synonym for plagues.
Yellowstone National Park is located in Wyoming.
Yellowstone Park has many thermal areas of geysers and mud pots.
Yellowstone offers exquisite colorings of its mineral formations.
Yemach shmoy!
Yemen faced possible famine in late 2018, but donors stepped up and averted a catastrophe.
Yemen is a country in the Middle East.
Yemen is at war.
Yemen is dying and nobody cares.
Yemen's 2000-year-old Jewish community has come to an end on account of Houthi persecution.
Yemenite Hebrew is the closest living tradition to Tiberian Hebrew, though it actually comes from the similar Babylonian Hebrew.
Yennayer came around and I couldn't go to Kabylie.
Yennayer came around.
Yennayer is a centuries old tradition.
Yennayer is a national holiday in Algeria.
Yennayer is a public holiday in Algeria.
Yennayer is a very old Berber tradition.
Yennayer is a very special moment.
Yennayer is approaching.
Yennayer is celebrated just once a year.
Yennayer is coming up.
Yennayer is in five days.
Yennayer is my favorite holiday.
Yennayer is now officially celebrated in all of Algeria.
Yennayer is officially celebrated in Algeria every January 12.
Yennayer is on January 12.
Yennayer is the biggest traditional Berber celebration.
Yennayer is the main festival of the Berber calendar.
Yennayer is the new year for the Amazigh nation.
Yennayer was approaching.
Yennayer was coming up.
Yennayer was only a few weeks away.
Yennayer was over.
Yep!
Yep, I understand. Thanks a bunch.
Yep, go to Tatoeba and write it there!
Yep, that sucks.
Yep, that's right.
Yep, they did it.
Yep.
Yep. OK.
Yerba mate became a hit in Korea.
Yerevan is Armenia's capital.
Yerevan is older than Rome.
Yerevan is the capital of Armenia.
Yerevan was founded in 782 B.C.
Yes I am.
Yes and no.
Yes and super exhausted.
Yes indeed, it certainly is.
Yes indeed.
Yes it's mine.
Yes or no would suffice.
Yes or no?
Yes sir!
Yes sir.
Yes that's perfect! Except it isn't, it's the worst disaster we could've expected.
Yes this is my home.
Yes!
Yes! I agree.
Yes! I will kill her! You'll see, I will kill her!
Yes! I won twice in a row!
Yes! Yes! Exactly that happened!
Yes, Bob helped me.
Yes, Dad.
Yes, Einstein smoked a pipe.
Yes, European unity can require frustrating compromise. It adds layers of government that can slow decision-making. I understand. I've been in meetings with the European Commission.
Yes, Fitzpatrick. He comes from the U.S.
Yes, I agree with you. It's also that.
Yes, I also have a relationship with the prophet.
Yes, I am Ana.
Yes, I am Anna.
Yes, I am He Sai. And you?
Yes, I am Muslim.
Yes, I am Tom.
Yes, I am Xiaoyu. Who are you?
Yes, I am crying.
Yes, I am from Sapporo.
Yes, I am hale and hearty!
Yes, I am his father.
Yes, I am his mother.
Yes, I am married.
Yes, I am referring to you.
Yes, I am swearing!
Yes, I am very scared of it.
Yes, I am.
Yes, I am. Are you Mr Nakano?
Yes, I believe so.
Yes, I believe that you should go.
Yes, I brought the book back.
Yes, I came from Sapporo.
Yes, I can agree with that.
Yes, I can break up with you. I just did.
Yes, I can hear you, but it's not like that.
Yes, I can speak Mandarin.
Yes, I can speak it a little bit.
Yes, I can.
Yes, I certainly agree.
Yes, I cried then.
Yes, I cried this time.
Yes, I did it.
Yes, I did mean to say that.
Yes, I did that and I'd do it again if had a chance.
Yes, I did that.
Yes, I did this intentionally.
Yes, I do believe so.
Yes, I do have them.
Yes, I do love her, but I don't want to marry her.
Yes, I do.
Yes, I do. I answered.
Yes, I don't want it.
Yes, I eat chili.
Yes, I forgive you.
Yes, I gave my word, but I've changed my mind.
Yes, I get it.
Yes, I have 3 sons.
Yes, I have a baby.
Yes, I have a daughter.
Yes, I have a good idea.
Yes, I have a problem with you Americans!
Yes, I have a stomach ache.
Yes, I have heard mention of that, but I love to hear it from you.
Yes, I have insurance.
Yes, I have problems with you Americans!
Yes, I have read the book.
Yes, I have seen one many times.
Yes, I have smoked crack cocaine.
Yes, I have student ID.
Yes, I have time tomorrow.
Yes, I kissed him.
Yes, I kissed him. So what?
Yes, I knew.
Yes, I know Mary.
Yes, I know her. I look up to her.
Yes, I know how it's going to end.
Yes, I know it's a contrived example, but you get the idea.
Yes, I know it.
Yes, I know that well.
Yes, I know.
Yes, I know. Tom told me.
Yes, I like being with you.
Yes, I like it very much.
Yes, I like it.
Yes, I like that, I'm into that.
Yes, I like that, but slow down.
Yes, I live here.
Yes, I lived there for many years.
Yes, I love it.
Yes, I love that, but do it harder.
Yes, I love that.
Yes, I love this.
Yes, I love you, which is why I have to let you go.
Yes, I love you.
Yes, I made a delicious breakfast Monday morning.
Yes, I made mistakes.
Yes, I met her in the library yesterday.
Yes, I now see that lively image in my head.
Yes, I really like him.
Yes, I received it!
Yes, I said that murder is a sin, but I never said that sins are wrong.
Yes, I said that, but I was wrong.
Yes, I see her.
Yes, I see it.
Yes, I see them.
Yes, I send thousands of soldiers to be mutilated or killed in excruciatingly painful ways — but I draw the line at torturing people for information!
Yes, I should try to figure out what she is thinking and feeling.
Yes, I speak Kashubian, but only a little.
Yes, I speak Spanish.
Yes, I speak a little Ojibwe.
Yes, I spoke with the company president.
Yes, I start wars in which millions of people are injured or killed in excruciatingly painful ways — but I draw the line at using torture for information!
Yes, I studied psychology but I didn't learn anything that I didn't already know; I only had to learn the vocabulary.
Yes, I suppose so.
Yes, I suppose you could call it that.
Yes, I swear to this.
Yes, I think I need to go.
Yes, I think it's okay.
Yes, I think it’s okay.
Yes, I think so too.
Yes, I think so, too.
Yes, I think that I'm going to stay here if my father will give me the permission.
Yes, I think that's OK.
Yes, I think you ought to go.
Yes, I think you should go there.
Yes, I think you should go.
Yes, I thought so.
Yes, I took bribes.
Yes, I totally agree with you.
Yes, I understand Slovak.
Yes, I understand that.
Yes, I understand them.
Yes, I understand you well.
Yes, I understand you.
Yes, I understand!
Yes, I understand, but we can't do anything about it.
Yes, I understand.
Yes, I understand. Thank you.
Yes, I understand. Thanks a lot.
Yes, I want it!
Yes, I want to have a baby, but now I'm going to write some more sentences.
Yes, I want to know, too.
Yes, I want to!
Yes, I want you to do it.
Yes, I wanted a dog, but not that.
Yes, I was outside and it's raining cats and dogs.
Yes, I was outside and it’s raining cats and dogs.
Yes, I was there yesterday.
Yes, I went yesterday.
Yes, I will be able to forget my busy work and relax.
Yes, I will be your Valentine.
Yes, I will change trains there.
Yes, I will come with you.
Yes, I will put snacks out.
Yes, I will take care of buying the tickets.
Yes, I would like it very much.
Yes, I would like to go to the cinema.
Yes, I'd like a single room with a private bath, please.
Yes, I'll be glad to.
Yes, I'll be right there.
Yes, I'll call you at nine. Will you be there?
Yes, I'll come at once.
Yes, I'll come, Bob.
Yes, I'll do what you ask me.
Yes, I'll go with you.
Yes, I'll have sherry.
Yes, I'll probably be at home.
Yes, I'll take some ham too.
Yes, I'm Anna.
Yes, I'm Canadian.
Yes, I'm Muslim.
Yes, I'm Tom's sister, but I'm not like him!
Yes, I'm Tom.
Yes, I'm a furry. Is that really a surprise?
Yes, I'm a student too.
Yes, I'm afraid so.
Yes, I'm also Kurdish.
Yes, I'm cheating on you!
Yes, I'm coming immediately.
Yes, I'm coming now.
Yes, I'm coming!
Yes, I'm coming.
Yes, I'm cumming.
Yes, I'm fine.
Yes, I'm going to get married.
Yes, I'm here.
Yes, I'm hungry.
Yes, I'm in a hurry.
Yes, I'm in a rush.
Yes, I'm insane.
Yes, I'm studying several languages.
Yes, I'm sure of that.
Yes, I'm the most humble.
Yes, I'm the most modest.
Yes, I'm the person who called you last night.
Yes, I'm the wife.
Yes, I'm thirsty.
Yes, I'm wearing a Kabyle dress.
Yes, I've always been queer.
Yes, I've been there a couple of times.
Yes, I've heard of that.
Yes, I've made mistakes.
Yes, I've seen cats without a smile, but a smile with no cat...
Yes, I've understood.
Yes, I’d like a single room with a private bath, please.
Yes, I’ll be right there.
Yes, I’ll come, Bob.
Yes, I’ll have sherry.
Yes, I’m afraid so.
Yes, I’m coming immediately.
Yes, I’m coming!
Yes, I’m coming.
Yes, I’m in a hurry.
Yes, I’m in a rush.
Yes, I’m sure.
Yes, I’ve been there a couple of times.
Yes, Mom.
Yes, Salisbury steak day in the cafeteria.
Yes, Sir!
Yes, Tom actually said that.
Yes, Tom is a nice guy, but I wouldn't be able to fall in love with him.
Yes, Tom, you understood my comment correctly.
Yes, Tom, you're probably right.
Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus. He exists as certainly as love and generosity and devotion exist, and you know that they abound and give to your life its highest beauty and joy.
Yes, a coffee, please.
Yes, a little bit.
Yes, a little.
Yes, a man is as good as his word. But I'll just be helping, you understand. You'll have to work too.
Yes, a man is as good as his word. But I’ll just be helping, you understand. You’ll have to work too.
Yes, and here's a photo of the farm where we milked the cows.
Yes, and here’s a photo of the farm where we milked the cows.
Yes, and?
Yes, another Roosevelt. The Roosevelts have some of the most gorgeous memorials in D.C. This one is dedicated to the 32nd President of the United States, and each of the four terms of his presidency has its own room. With walls covered with some of Roosevelt's most inspirational quotes — "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself" — and statues of Americans listening to Roosevelt's radio addresses or standing in bread lines, the memorial is a trip through time. If you're in D.C. for longer than a few days, it's also a great place to study. Sit by Roosevelt's statue and watch as people touch his finger for good luck. (And maybe slyly do the same on your way out. Hey, we could all use some luck!)
Yes, appetizers have been put out.
Yes, as a matter of fact, Tom did that.
Yes, as a matter of fact, Tom was the one who did that.
Yes, as far as I know.
Yes, at last.
Yes, both words have the same meaning.
Yes, bring me gruel.
Yes, but I'm getting bored.
Yes, but how to transport an orange tree by air?
Yes, but it doesn't matter.
Yes, but it'll be difficult.
Yes, but it’ll be difficult.
Yes, but she just left.
Yes, but she left just now.
Yes, but that's not important.
Yes, but that?
Yes, but they are a lot of work.
Yes, but they're so much work.
Yes, but what happens after the fall?
Yes, but who gives a damn?
Yes, but you do not have to stay to the end.
Yes, but you never know.
Yes, but you're a boy.
Yes, by all means.
Yes, certainly.
Yes, certainly. After tea will do quite well.
Yes, corporal!
Yes, don't let him sink in the meantime.
Yes, don't worry!
Yes, don't worry. We'll leave some mince pies for Father Christmas.
Yes, each one of you contributed.
Yes, each one of you made a contribution.
Yes, fits me well.
Yes, gladly.
Yes, he actually said that.
Yes, he ate with knife and fork.
Yes, he can, if he tries hard.
Yes, he can.
Yes, he did. He really looked like a doctor.
Yes, he does.
Yes, he has already written it.
Yes, he is Anthony.
Yes, he is an inventor, if I understood correctly.
Yes, he is angry.
Yes, he is intelligent. But we must be more intelligent. We must be so intelligent that he does not suspect us of being intelligent at all.
Yes, he is my father.
Yes, he is very humorous.
Yes, he is.
Yes, he lives here.
Yes, he shaved all the frets off of his bass guitar, but it doesn't make him Jaco Pastorius.
Yes, he shaved all the frets off of his bass guitar, but it doesn’t make him Jaco Pastorius.
Yes, he should get on board.
Yes, he wears glasses.
Yes, he's almost as tall as I am.
Yes, he's at home.
Yes, he's from Brazil.
Yes, he's home.
Yes, he's our manager.
Yes, he's still asleep despite the light.
Yes, hello? Matsui here.
Yes, he’s almost as tall as I am.
Yes, his surname is also Tom. Tom's full name is Tom Tom.
Yes, how much do they cost?
Yes, in America, there is too much money in politics; too much entrenched partisanship; too little participation by citizens, in part because of a patchwork of laws that makes it harder to vote.
Yes, in January it is hot. It's summer in Brazil.
Yes, in Osaka too we say "idiot" when we are insulting someone.
Yes, in Osaka, too, we say "idiot" when we are insulting someone.
Yes, in the narrowest sense of the word.
Yes, indeed! She does that sometimes.
Yes, it absolutely is possible that you're pregnant.
Yes, it can be done very easily.
Yes, it can be done, but it shouldn't be.
Yes, it could be said.
Yes, it did happen, but not in this year.
Yes, it does.
Yes, it does. But it snows more in Niigata than in Hokkaido.
Yes, it happens from time to time.
Yes, it happens now and then.
Yes, it happens once in a while.
Yes, it happens sometimes.
Yes, it has already started.
Yes, it hurts.
Yes, it is a dog.
Yes, it is heavy, but I would not consider its weight one of its salient features.
Yes, it is nice, but I do not like the red color very much.
Yes, it is the correct answer.
Yes, it is the statement of a certain legend of the Baskerville family.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is. There's a lot of moisture in the air.
Yes, it is. There’s a lot of moisture in the air.
Yes, it is. You were three months old then.
Yes, it seems it was a misdiagnosis.
Yes, it was a spacious two-story house.
Yes, it was a sunny day; but for many days before, the sky had been veiled in gloomy clouds; and joyous indeed was it to look up into that blue vault, and see it unobscured by its sombre screen; and my heart fluttered, like a prisoned bird, with its painful longings for an unchecked flight amidst the beautiful creation around me.
Yes, it was good.
Yes, it works like this.
Yes, it's a flamingo.
Yes, it's a sad reality.
Yes, it's a starter.
Yes, it's already up, because I just saw it.
Yes, it's an appetizer.
Yes, it's been sent.
Yes, it's better to land on the Sun at night. That's what the Kabyles want to do too, so that those who persecute them don't know where they've been.
Yes, it's for that reason that I'm making a cake.
Yes, it's here to the right.
Yes, it's just this.
Yes, it's over there.
Yes, it's possible.
Yes, it's pretty, but I don't like red.
Yes, it's quite obvious!
Yes, it's such a lovely night.
Yes, it's such a nice evening.
Yes, it's that easy.
Yes, it's there too.
Yes, it's time to go home.
Yes, it's time to go.
Yes, it's true I've forgotten the world. Who cares about it but you? Luckily, you're there to save it!
Yes, it's true!
Yes, it's true, but he doesn't need to know that.
Yes, it's true. And you?
Yes, it's upstairs already, because I just saw it.
Yes, it's very funny.
Yes, it’s here to the right.
Yes, it’s pretty, but I don’t like red.
Yes, it’s such a lovely night.
Yes, it’s such a nice evening.
Yes, it’s there too.
Yes, it’s time to go.
Yes, it’s true. And you?
Yes, keep talking!
Yes, let's do it!
Yes, let's go!
Yes, let's.
Yes, let’s.
Yes, like that.
Yes, master.
Yes, may they all rest in peace, yours like all the other missing.
Yes, me too.
Yes, mister deputy!
Yes, mistress.
Yes, my angel.
Yes, my child.
Yes, my father is already retired.
Yes, my insurance covers tow service.
Yes, my love.
Yes, my name is Karen Smith.
Yes, my name's Anna.
Yes, next Tuesday.
Yes, obviously they're two different people, and it's perfectly possible (if you're not Tom, I guess) to imagine a situation where it would be said this way.
Yes, of course!
Yes, of course, I remember you.
Yes, of course, I'll help you.
Yes, of course, you are right.
Yes, of course, you're correct.
Yes, of course, you're right.
Yes, of course.
Yes, of course. You're right.
Yes, one coffee please.
Yes, one day, I would like to.
Yes, orange juice, please.
Yes, our shoes are leather.
Yes, over there.
Yes, people usually curse at someone they are acquainted with.
Yes, please come.
Yes, please do it more.
Yes, please do that.
Yes, please do.
Yes, please.
Yes, really!
Yes, really? Well, we must live and learn.
Yes, samideano, I came here to talk with you.
Yes, sausage and sauerkraut please.
Yes, see you tomorrow.
Yes, send me emails. I’d like to stay informed about the project.
Yes, seventeen is less than eighteen.
Yes, she actually said that.
Yes, she does.
Yes, she is angry.
Yes, she wanted. I gave her your notebook.
Yes, she was a shy girl.
Yes, she was my girlfriend, but now we're together again.
Yes, she will.
Yes, she'll be with you in a minute.
Yes, she'll probably come home.
Yes, she's Carmen.
Yes, she's at home.
Yes, she's home.
Yes, she's our manager.
Yes, she’ll be with you in a minute.
Yes, she’ll probably come home.
Yes, sir!
Yes, sir, I would like to speak French.
Yes, so am I.
Yes, so?
Yes, someone actually said that.
Yes, sometimes.
Yes, sorry, I forgot to acknowledge it.
Yes, take an umbrella.
Yes, thank you.
Yes, thank you. I've recently had a tough time, I have only lately been able to sleep normally again.
Yes, thanks.
Yes, thanks. Recently I've been roughing it so I was able to get a proper sleep for the first time in a while.
Yes, thanks. Recently I’ve been roughing it so I was able to get a proper sleep for the first time in a while.
Yes, that I know well.
Yes, that happened again.
Yes, that happens from time to time.
Yes, that happens occasionally.
Yes, that is most certainly so.
Yes, that is true.
Yes, that is what I thought when I saw you come in a little while ago, dragging your feet as if they were lead, and your eyes on the ground.
Yes, that makes sense.
Yes, that must be beer.
Yes, that was amazing. Unbelievable!
Yes, that would do nicely.
Yes, that's OK.
Yes, that's beautiful.
Yes, that's certainly an issue.
Yes, that's correct.
Yes, that's exactly the point.
Yes, that's exactly what I'm suggesting.
Yes, that's how it works.
Yes, that's it.
Yes, that's it. You have a good memory.
Yes, that's just the hard stuff. Listen to this song.
Yes, that's my dictionary.
Yes, that's my house.
Yes, that's normal.
Yes, that's not bad.
Yes, that's our manager.
Yes, that's possible.
Yes, that's pretty much what happened.
Yes, that's right! Thank you.
Yes, that's right.
Yes, that's right. The air is very humid.
Yes, that's right. There’s a lot of moisture in the air.
Yes, that's something I know well.
Yes, that's the right answer.
Yes, that's the truth.
Yes, that's true. The air is very humid.
Yes, that's what I mean.
Yes, that's what it's all about!
Yes, that's where you're wrong.
Yes, that’s certainly an issue.
Yes, that’s how you say that in German.
Yes, that’s my house.
Yes, that’s the right answer.
Yes, the Romans had rotten luck.
Yes, the apple is red.
Yes, the baby is yours.
Yes, the cat is big.
Yes, the cat is furry.
Yes, the computer is faulty.
Yes, the department reimbursed me.
Yes, the milk is very good.
Yes, the milk will last till Friday.
Yes, the wine is red.
Yes, there are appetizers.
Yes, there are two important reasons.
Yes, there are two.
Yes, there are. How many of you are there, Sir?
Yes, there is nothing easier!
Yes, there was swimming towards this direction!
Yes, there.
Yes, these are unsettling times. And when the future is uncertain, there seems to be an instinct in our human nature to withdraw to the perceived comfort and security of our own tribe, our own sect, our own nationality, people who look like us, sound like us. But in today's world, more than any time in human history, that is a false comfort. It pits people against one another because of what they look or how they pray or who they love. And yet, we know where that kind of twisted thinking can lead. It can lead to oppression. It can lead to segregation and internment camps.
Yes, they are.
Yes, they visited his good friend, Doctor Mortimer.
Yes, this exam is quite tough.
Yes, this is Anthony.
Yes, this is a wine.
Yes, this is buy-one-get-one-free.
Yes, this is my dictionary.
Yes, this is my house.
Yes, this is my union.
Yes, this one is very nice. How much does it cost?
Yes, this sentence is correct.
Yes, this title is to be quoted.
Yes, three is the correct number.
Yes, today is Friday.
Yes, today is the eleventh.
Yes, tomorrow is my day off.
Yes, truthfully, until it was right in front of me like this, I half-doubted it ...
Yes, try again.
Yes, two.
Yes, unfortunately.
Yes, very much so.
Yes, we can accomplish it.
Yes, we can change.
Yes, we can do it.
Yes, we can go.
Yes, we can succeed.
Yes, we can.
Yes, we conspired to murder the king and steal his rightful throne.
Yes, we have been friends since our childhood.
Yes, we have two children.
Yes, we promise.
Yes, we want that.
Yes, we were abroad, in Switzerland.
Yes, we were all on board.
Yes, we will help you.
Yes, we will take revenge, they whispered to one another.
Yes, we're also Kurdish.
Yes, we're very happy.
Yes, well, that depends.
Yes, we’re doing fine.
Yes, what is it?
Yes, what of it?
Yes, why not?
Yes, why?
Yes, with pleasure.
Yes, with time, all will become clear.
Yes, yes, I am going with you.
Yes, yes, I'll go with you.
Yes, yes, of course.
Yes, yes.
Yes, you are right about that.
Yes, you are right, young lady. My real intention was to ask you for the next dance.
Yes, you are right.
Yes, you are.
Yes, you can capitalise the school subject here. Some style guides insist on it, others don't. I'm often inconsistent about it, though: sometimes I feel the need to do it, and sometimes I don't.
Yes, you can celebrate anything you want.
Yes, you can go with us.
Yes, you can indicate everything you see.
Yes, you can use it.
Yes, you can.
Yes, you could put it that way.
Yes, you could say that.
Yes, you did.
Yes, you each made your own contribution.
Yes, you have to practise every day.
Yes, you know, I'm a little fond of pathos.
Yes, you love me.
Yes, you may go to the cinema.
Yes, you may wash the dishes. Take plenty of hot water, and be sure you dry them well.
Yes, you must practise every day.
Yes, you must.
Yes, you need glasses.
Yes, you need to practice every day.
Yes, you need to practise every day.
Yes, you should wear red lipstick for Valentine's day.
Yes, you're hot.
Yes, you're quite right.
Yes, you're right.
Yes, you're right; there is no sweeter pleasure than to surprise a man by giving him more than he hopes for.
Yes, you've already said that.
Yes.
Yes. Always when I can.
Yes. And it's only a hop, skip and a jump to the nearest mall.
Yes. And it’s only a hop, skip and a jump to the nearest mall.
Yes. Everyone admires the pictures painted by him.
Yes. Gladly!
Yes. He can run 100 meters within twelve seconds.
Yes. He had just come home when I called.
Yes. He swims fastest in our school.
Yes. I am Tom.
Yes. I do it very often.
Yes. I have to read it by tomorrow.
Yes. I recognize him now.
Yes. I was very surprised at the news.
Yes. I'm pretty sure there are complimentary tickets that haven't been used somewhere.
Yes. I’m pretty sure there are complimentary tickets that haven’t been used somewhere.
Yes. No. Maybe. I don't know.
Yes. No. Maybe. I don’t know.
Yes. Send me your photo.
Yes. She got an introduction from her old doctor and transferred.
Yes. She got an introduction from her previous doctor and transferred to another hospital.
Yes. She got an introduction from her previous doctor and transferred to this hospital.
Yes. She used to be a very shy girl.
Yes. Thank you.
Yes. Thanks.
Yes. That's right.
Yes. That’s right.
Yes. The air is very humid.
Yes. This one I can sing from memory.
Yes. Tony had it.
Yes. We should be very careful.
Yes. We'll visit a factory which produces television sets.
Yes. We’ll visit a factory which produces television sets.
Yes. You always see the smoke before the fire.
Yes. You're absolutely right.
Yes. You’re absolutely right.
Yes... ha ha ha... yes!
Yes?
Yes? What were you looking for?
Yesterday Betty went to the sea.
Yesterday I arrived in Boston.
Yesterday I arrived in Tokyo.
Yesterday I ate 10 skewers.
Yesterday I ate lunch with Tom.
Yesterday I ate pasta.
Yesterday I ate rice.
Yesterday I ate too much and now I feel sick.
Yesterday I attended the meeting.
Yesterday I baked pastries with mushrooms.
Yesterday I became a god, but found that a bit boring, so today I became a devil.
Yesterday I bought a book for Tom.
Yesterday I bought a book.
Yesterday I bought a dildo.
Yesterday I bought a dog. Sadly my aunt cooked it for dinner.
Yesterday I bought a horse.
Yesterday I bought a new processor on an internet auction.
Yesterday I bought a new tablecloth.
Yesterday I bought a pig in a poke.
Yesterday I bought a three pound watermelon.
Yesterday I bought pumpkin seeds before the giraffe bit me.
Yesterday I bought two steamed buns.
Yesterday I came here.
Yesterday I caught a Charizard.
Yesterday I caught a mouse in the basement.
Yesterday I couldn't sleep and stayed up all night.
Yesterday I did not have a lot to do.
Yesterday I did not play tennis.
Yesterday I did not visit my parents, but I will visit them today.
Yesterday I didn't do that because I had a headache.
Yesterday I didn't go to school.
Yesterday I didn't have anything to do so I was just lolling around all day long.
Yesterday I didn't see Tom at all.
Yesterday I didn’t have anything to do so I was just lolling around all day long.
Yesterday I dreamt everything was words.
Yesterday I enjoyed watching a soccer match.
Yesterday I felt so-so – today I feel a bit better.
Yesterday I finished learning Esperanto on Duolingo.
Yesterday I finished studying Esperanto on Duolingo.
Yesterday I finished the job.
Yesterday I found an old letter from my sister in the drawer.
Yesterday I got in an argument with my brother.
Yesterday I got tired out and I need to rest.
Yesterday I got up earlier than usual.
Yesterday I got up early.
Yesterday I had a big day.
Yesterday I had a high fever.
Yesterday I had a horrible accident on the highway.
Yesterday I had an exam.
Yesterday I had my bicycle stolen.
Yesterday I had some free time for the first time in a long time, so I went swimming.
Yesterday I had the pleasure of accompanying a foreign friend all across Paris.
Yesterday I had to work overtime.
Yesterday I happened to find an old sketchbook that I had completely forgotten about and I felt nostalgic.
Yesterday I happened to run into Tom on the street.
Yesterday I heard a beautiful song.
Yesterday I heard that Tom did that.
Yesterday I heard you talking in your sleep.
Yesterday I helped my father.
Yesterday I helped the father.
Yesterday I hit on a good idea.
Yesterday I hung out with Tony.
Yesterday I learned a new game.
Yesterday I listened to a very beautiful song.
Yesterday I met Christina.
Yesterday I met Julia.
Yesterday I met Marie.
Yesterday I met Mary on the street.
Yesterday I met Tom on the way to school.
Yesterday I met a friend I hadn't seen in ten years.
Yesterday I met an old friend of mine whom I had not seen for a long time.
Yesterday I met one of the greatest actors of our generation.
Yesterday I met one of the most famous actors in the world.
Yesterday I met one of the most popular actors in the world.
Yesterday I met two Americans who are bicycling through Japan.
Yesterday I met with Tom there at the market.
Yesterday I met your sister. She is a very nice lady.
Yesterday I myself cooked dinner.
Yesterday I nearly ran into Robert in Ginza.
Yesterday I only got home at half past eleven.
Yesterday I played badminton with Tom.
Yesterday I played basketball.
Yesterday I played chess with Tom.
Yesterday I played football.
Yesterday I played games all day.
Yesterday I played soccer.
Yesterday I played tennis for the first time.
Yesterday I played tennis with Taro.
Yesterday I played volleyball.
Yesterday I played with Tony.
Yesterday I purchased an ergonomic chair.
Yesterday I put my suitcase in the luggage compartment, but now it seems like it's lost.
Yesterday I put on a hat as it was very cold.
Yesterday I put the gifts in the attic, and today I put them under the bed.
Yesterday I put the gifts in the attic, today I put them under the bed and tomorrow I'll throw them out the window.
Yesterday I ran across an old friend of mine at the airport.
Yesterday I ran across her at the station.
Yesterday I ran across him at the station.
Yesterday I ran into Yamada, whom I hadn't seen in years.
Yesterday I ran into Yamada, whom I hadn’t seen in years.
Yesterday I read a book that was unfortunately very boring.
Yesterday I read a very well written short story.
Yesterday I read an article about acid rain.
Yesterday I read an interesting story.
Yesterday I received a letter from an old friend.
Yesterday I received a postcard from Norway.
Yesterday I received her letter.
Yesterday I received his letter.
Yesterday I received your letter.
Yesterday I saw a big wolf in the forest.
Yesterday I saw a deer here up in the hillside.
Yesterday I saw a film in which a prisoner escaped from his cell using a chisel.
Yesterday I saw a girl whom I had met in the library a month before.
Yesterday I saw a man crying bitterly.
Yesterday I saw a man who was crying bitterly.
Yesterday I saw a naked person.
Yesterday I saw a sign in a sushi restaurant saying 'We are a Taiwanese company'.
Yesterday I saw an interesting TV program.
Yesterday I saw an old acquaintance whom I hadn't seen in ten years.
Yesterday I saw him walking through the city.
Yesterday I saw you at the convenience store.
Yesterday I should have done that, but since I didn't have time I gave up the idea.
Yesterday I should've done that, but since I didn't have time I gave up the idea.
Yesterday I simply did not go to work.
Yesterday I slept from 12:00 midnight to 5:30 this morning.
Yesterday I sold two books.
Yesterday I spend the day with Tom.
Yesterday I spent the night in jail.
Yesterday I spent the night under the bridge, and today I drink champagne in a fancy restaurant.
Yesterday I spent the whole day working.
Yesterday I spent the whole evening at home.
Yesterday I started a new book.
Yesterday I stayed home all day.
Yesterday I stayed home, since I had absolutely no desire to go out.
Yesterday I stayed up all night doing homework.
Yesterday I stumbled across a copy of my father's family register.
Yesterday I stumbled across a copy of my father’s family register.
Yesterday I took a walk with my cousin.
Yesterday I took part in the opening of the painting exposition.
Yesterday I took the day off from work and went to the hospital.
Yesterday I trained at the stadium for two hours.
Yesterday I translated a video and composed subtitles in Esperanto and Spanish.
Yesterday I visited Tom's house.
Yesterday I walked all over the city, which is why I feel stiff today.
Yesterday I walked to the park.
Yesterday I was absent because of an exam.
Yesterday I was caught in a shower on my way home from school.
Yesterday I was caught in a shower on my way home from walking in the park.
Yesterday I was caught in a shower on my way home.
Yesterday I was caught in a shower.
Yesterday I was cleaning my apartment.
Yesterday I was clever and tried to change the world, and today I have become wise and started with myself.
Yesterday I was happy.
Yesterday I was here, today I am here, tomorrow who knows!
Yesterday I was ill.
Yesterday I was in a meeting.
Yesterday I was in the garden all day.
Yesterday I was late for school.
Yesterday I was not at home the whole day.
Yesterday I was on my way home from work when I ran smack into my old girlfriend.
Yesterday I was sick.
Yesterday I was single.
Yesterday I was so hot.
Yesterday I was told I looked like Kohei Tanaka.
Yesterday I was told I looked like Tom.
Yesterday I washed my hair. Today I'll cut it.
Yesterday I washed my hair. Today I’ll cut it.
Yesterday I watched a documentary on the expansion of the Roman Empire.
Yesterday I watched this film for the ninth time already.
Yesterday I went and fished by the river.
Yesterday I went for a walk in the park.
Yesterday I went into the country with my uncle.
Yesterday I went out with my friends.
Yesterday I went swimming in the river.
Yesterday I went swimming with Tom.
Yesterday I went to Denizli and I saw a rooster near the coop.
Yesterday I went to Disney.
Yesterday I went to Disneyland.
Yesterday I went to Stockholm.
Yesterday I went to Tom's house.
Yesterday I went to Zoagli to buy velvet for my historical group's costumes.
Yesterday I went to bed without brushing my teeth.
Yesterday I went to lie down at midnight.
Yesterday I went to see Robert, whose father is a pilot.
Yesterday I went to sleep at 10 PM.
Yesterday I went to the Goethe-Institut in Bologna with my mother to ask for information about their German courses.
Yesterday I went to the beach.
Yesterday I went to the doctor and when I came back I wrote the essay myself.
Yesterday I went to the doctor.
Yesterday I went to the gym to work out.
Yesterday I went to the hairdresser's.
Yesterday I went to the hairdresser’s.
Yesterday I went to the movies.
Yesterday I went to the movies. The movie was interesting.
Yesterday I went to the opera.
Yesterday I went to the park.
Yesterday I went to the river to catch fish.
Yesterday I went to the store to get my watch checked.
Yesterday I went to the zoo and saw a huge walrus.
Yesterday I went to wash in the river.
Yesterday I woke up early.
Yesterday I worked until late evening.
Yesterday I wrote to Ellen.
Yesterday John left for France.
Yesterday Leonard observed a strange UFO in the sky.
Yesterday Maria wore a red dress.
Yesterday Mary gave me a book the cover of which was blue.
Yesterday Mary smiled at me.
Yesterday Mary stayed home all day.
Yesterday Mary was sentenced to two years eight months in jail for investment fraud.
Yesterday Tom and I were caught in a shower.
Yesterday Tom and Mary were sick.
Yesterday Tom caught three fish.
Yesterday Tom had a very unpleasant encounter with some rando on the street.
Yesterday Tom smiled at me.
Yesterday Tom stayed home all day.
Yesterday Tom was a little better than usual.
Yesterday Tom was in despair because he had lost a lot of money, and today he has a hangover.
Yesterday Tom was sick.
Yesterday Tom went missing.
Yesterday Tom went to Mary's house.
Yesterday Tom went to the opera.
Yesterday Tom went to the park with Mary.
Yesterday Tom went to the river to catch some fish.
Yesterday Tom's bicycle was stolen while he was at school.
Yesterday Tom's uncle bought a dog.
Yesterday Yanni spent all day doing that.
Yesterday a car fell over the cliff.
Yesterday a courier delivered my order.
Yesterday a fire broke out near my house.
Yesterday a fire broke out near our house.
Yesterday a foreigner spoke to me in English on the train.
Yesterday a friend of mine that I hadn't seen in years gave me a call out of the blue asking to borrow money.
Yesterday a pedestrian was run over by a truck at this pedestrian crossing.
Yesterday a truck hit this wall.
Yesterday afternoon I did my homework, then I saw my friends.
Yesterday afternoon I wrote a letter.
Yesterday another salesman worked here.
Yesterday at the park I saw a super magnificent red-crowned crane.
Yesterday at this time, we were at the movie theater.
Yesterday doesn't matter. Life is today. Life is now.
Yesterday ended last night, and today is a brand new day. And it's yours.
Yesterday evening I had a terrible nightmare.
Yesterday evening I slept at 11.
Yesterday evening I wrote a letter.
Yesterday evening was nice.
Yesterday evening we heard the President talk on television.
Yesterday evening, my grandmother's dog died.
Yesterday evening? As in what time?
Yesterday he came back late.
Yesterday he came just to visit you.
Yesterday he couldn't go to school, but today he can.
Yesterday he had an argument with his brother.
Yesterday he had written the letter.
Yesterday he missed the train to Sapporo.
Yesterday he saw a big man.
Yesterday he stayed home all day.
Yesterday he visited me.
Yesterday he was quiet and pensive.
Yesterday he was seriously ill, but today he is much better.
Yesterday he was still in perfect health.
Yesterday he went caribou hunting.
Yesterday his hat was blown away by the wind.
Yesterday in the morning, I was harvesting potatoes. Because of the rain they were partly rotten.
Yesterday is a more "yest" day than today. On the other hand, a "yest" day is the most "y" day.
Yesterday is already history, and tomorrow, a mystery. However, today is a present of fate, and presents are supposed to bring joy.
Yesterday is better than tomorrow.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift. That is why it is called the "present".
Yesterday is when I bought a car.
Yesterday it did not rain in the whole country.
Yesterday it drizzled.
Yesterday it rained a lot.
Yesterday it rained all day.
Yesterday it rained hard.
Yesterday it rained heavily.
Yesterday it rained the entire afternoon.
Yesterday it rained the whole day.
Yesterday it snowed.
Yesterday it stormed and today it is windy.
Yesterday it was Friday and the day after tomorrow is Monday.
Yesterday it was a butcher shop.
Yesterday it was neither too warm nor too cold. It was an ideal day for taking a walk.
Yesterday it was raining.
Yesterday it was so cold again. I may have frozen.
Yesterday it was so cold that I stayed home.
Yesterday it was so cold that I stayed in the house.
Yesterday it was ten degrees below zero.
Yesterday morning I ate a waffle!
Yesterday morning I ate a waffle.
Yesterday morning I saw many birds.
Yesterday morning I was eating bread.
Yesterday morning I wrote her a letter.
Yesterday morning he went back to Rotterdam.
Yesterday morning the sun shone, but it rained again later.
Yesterday morning they wrote a letter.
Yesterday morning was very cold.
Yesterday morning, I harvested my potatoes. Because of the rain, they were partly rotten.
Yesterday morning, I wrote her a letter.
Yesterday morning, my cat jumped onto the cooktop to lick the grease in the pan.
Yesterday morning, the President welcomed the press corps.
Yesterday morning.
Yesterday my bicycle was stolen while I was doing some shopping.
Yesterday my big brother went to Fukushima to help the locals. I'm very afraid of the rise in radiation levels.
Yesterday my brother went to Fukushima to help the inhabitants. I'm afraid that the radiation will increase.
Yesterday my brother went to Fukushima to help the inhabitants. I’m afraid that the radiation will increase.
Yesterday my cousin came to visit me.
Yesterday my father caught three fish.
Yesterday my head hurt.
Yesterday my sister went to Kobe.
Yesterday my uncle bought a car.
Yesterday my uncle bought a dog.
Yesterday my wife and I went to the theatre.
Yesterday night I went to the Festa dell'Unità.
Yesterday night I went to the Festa dell’UnitÃ .
Yesterday night, I shared a cab with Paris Hilton.
Yesterday night, I was almost bitten to death by the laboratory mosquitoes.
Yesterday our hens laid a lot more eggs than usual. I wonder why.
Yesterday our hens laid a lot of eggs.
Yesterday our village became famous all over the country.
Yesterday she got a letter from an old friend.
Yesterday she got us drunk.
Yesterday she made a blog post.
Yesterday she sat for the entrance examination.
Yesterday she saw a big man.
Yesterday she smiled at me.
Yesterday she stayed at home instead of going out.
Yesterday she was writing better than today.
Yesterday snow fell.
Yesterday the alarm clock didn't go off and Kurt didn't wake up.
Yesterday the alarm clock didn’t go off and Kurt didn’t wake up.
Yesterday the book was bought.
Yesterday the club elected its officers.
Yesterday the co-founder of Turning Point USA died of COVID-19; today Herman Cain died of the virus.
Yesterday the river Inn attained its maximum height at Schärding.
Yesterday the students finished Chapter 1 so now they'll move on to Chapter 2.
Yesterday the students finished Chapter 1 so now they’ll move on to Chapter 2.
Yesterday the teacher said to us, "I'll give you a test tomorrow."
Yesterday the teacher said to us, "I’ll give you a test tomorrow."
Yesterday the teacher told us that he would give us a test today.
Yesterday the unveiling of the founder's statue and the opening of the school building took place.
Yesterday the water was very warm.
Yesterday the weather was pretty bad.
Yesterday there was a cultural event on television.
Yesterday there was a huge earthquake in India.
Yesterday there was a young missionary at my door, but I wasn't able to dissuade him from his faith.
Yesterday there was an accident on the highway.
Yesterday there was an earthquake.
Yesterday there was an unfortunate accident.
Yesterday there was sun.
Yesterday there was thunder and lightning.
Yesterday there were two weddings here.
Yesterday they didn't play tennis, because it rained.
Yesterday they didn’t play tennis, because it rained.
Yesterday they fired seven employees.
Yesterday they upset me.
Yesterday they went fishing.
Yesterday they were talking about the holiday.
Yesterday was Friday and the day after tomorrow is Monday.
Yesterday was Friday and the day after tomorrow will be Monday.
Yesterday was Friday, so he took a break.
Yesterday was Friday.
Yesterday was Friday; the day after tomorrow is Monday.
Yesterday was Halloween.
Yesterday was Monday.
Yesterday was Saturday.
Yesterday was Sunday, not Saturday.
Yesterday was Sunday, so I slept all day.
Yesterday was Sunday, so I spent the whole day lazing around.
Yesterday was Sunday, the eighth of October.
Yesterday was Sunday, today is Monday, and tomorrow is Tuesday.
Yesterday was Sunday.
Yesterday was Thursday and the day after tomorrow is Sunday.
Yesterday was Thursday the 26th of January 2010.
Yesterday was Thursday.
Yesterday was Tom's birthday.
Yesterday was Tom's thirtieth birthday.
Yesterday was Tuesday, 2010, January the 26th.
Yesterday was Tuesday, 26 January 2010.
Yesterday was Tuesday, January 26, 2010.
Yesterday was Tuesday.
Yesterday was Wednesday, and tomorrow will be Friday.
Yesterday was Wednesday.
Yesterday was a busy day.
Yesterday was a good day.
Yesterday was a historic day.
Yesterday was a holiday.
Yesterday was a hot day.
Yesterday was a humid and cold day.
Yesterday was a lot colder than today.
Yesterday was a lot of fun.
Yesterday was a lot worse than today.
Yesterday was a normal day.
Yesterday was a sad day.
Yesterday was a very good day for you, wasn't it?
Yesterday was a very hectic day.
Yesterday was a very hot day.
Yesterday was a warm, even hot day.
Yesterday was an ordinary day.
Yesterday was an uneventful day.
Yesterday was awfully hot.
Yesterday was cloudy.
Yesterday was cold.
Yesterday was colder.
Yesterday was glorious sunshine.
Yesterday was hard.
Yesterday was his day off.
Yesterday was hot and humid.
Yesterday was hot, but today is milder.
Yesterday was hot.
Yesterday was hotter.
Yesterday was more fun than today.
Yesterday was much hotter than today.
Yesterday was my birthday.
Yesterday was my day off.
Yesterday was my grandmother's birthday.
Yesterday was my seventeenth birthday.
Yesterday was my thirteenth birthday.
Yesterday was my thirtieth birthday.
Yesterday was our day off.
Yesterday was partly cloudy.
Yesterday was rain, today is sunshine.
Yesterday was really fun.
Yesterday was scorching hot.
Yesterday was super nice.
Yesterday was the first Monday in February.
Yesterday was the first day of autumn.
Yesterday was the first time I had spoken to Tom in French.
Yesterday was the first time I've ever seen Tom drunk.
Yesterday was the first time Tom had ever played in front of an audience.
Yesterday was the first time in a long time that I really worked out, so all the muscles in my body ached when I woke up this morning.
Yesterday was the first time in a long time that Tom and I ate together.
Yesterday was the first time that I had spoken to Tom in French.
Yesterday was the first time that Tom had ever played in front of an audience.
Yesterday was the highest temperature in Debrecen.
Yesterday was the last day of school.
Yesterday was the last day you could register.
Yesterday was the school closing ceremony.
Yesterday was their day off.
Yesterday was very cold so I wore a hat.
Yesterday was very hot and humid.
Yesterday was very hot.
Yesterday was very humid and hot.
Yesterday was warm.
Yesterday was warmer.
Yesterday was wasted.
Yesterday was what day of the week?
Yesterday was your birthday, wasn't it?
Yesterday was Þorláksmessa, today is Christmas Eve, and tomorrow is Christmas Day.
Yesterday was, without a doubt, the worst day of my thirty years of life.
Yesterday wasn't Halloween.
Yesterday wasn't a normal day.
Yesterday wasn't as cold as the day before yesterday.
Yesterday wasn't as hot as I thought it was going to be.
Yesterday we collected nearly half a kilo of pieces of broken glass on the beach within an hour, which was a record result.
Yesterday we coordinated with the department head to organize an office party.
Yesterday we did many things. Today we're tired.
Yesterday we dined in a typically Portuguese restaurant.
Yesterday we had a good evening with my brothers and friends, and a very nice barbecue.
Yesterday we had fun.
Yesterday we had great news for Brazilian chess. Renato Quintiliano achieved his definitive standard and became the 15th Brazilian grandmaster. Congratulations!
Yesterday we heard a funny joke.
Yesterday we interviewed some tourists from all over the world.
Yesterday we let our hair down.
Yesterday we made an excursion to the nature reserve.
Yesterday we met with the Minister of Education.
Yesterday we painted the town red.
Yesterday we played a game of baseball.
Yesterday we prepared some delicious fish in a new microwave.
Yesterday we saw an amazing picture: a bear, a wolf, and a fox attacking each other.
Yesterday we shared a coffee, today he has passed away.
Yesterday we sinned, today we pay.
Yesterday we walked to school but later rode the bus home.
Yesterday we went into a huge maze.
Yesterday we went surfing there.
Yesterday we went surfing.
Yesterday we went to a cinema.
Yesterday we went to a classical music concert. In the first part, they played something sad – I almost fell asleep; the second part was a little happier.
Yesterday we went to the bank.
Yesterday we went to the cinema.
Yesterday we went to the movies.
Yesterday we were biking in the woods.
Yesterday we were drinking coffee together, today he is dead.
Yesterday we were in your garden.
Yesterday we wrote our essays.
Yesterday when my brother came home, I was having my dinner.
Yesterday work didn't get anywhere, we just kept making mistakes.
Yesterday work didn’t get anywhere, we just kept making mistakes.
Yesterday you broke the window.
Yesterday you forgot where your desk and locker were.
Yesterday you promised to do everything I asked.
Yesterday you promised to do everything.
Yesterday you really were different.
Yesterday you saw a big man.
Yesterday you were at home.
Yesterday you were better than today.
Yesterday's board meeting was a big success.
Yesterday's board meeting was a ten-strike!
Yesterday's class was long.
Yesterday's dinner was a meat dish.
Yesterday's dinner was an absolute treat to have.
Yesterday's dinner was fish.
Yesterday's dinner was so delightful.
Yesterday's maximum temperature was 37°C.
Yesterday's meal was delicious.
Yesterday's meeting with Tom was very unpleasant.
Yesterday's mistakes aren't mistakes anymore today.
Yesterday's paper is on the kitchen table.
Yesterday's party was an unforgettable one.
Yesterday's party was very nice.
Yesterday's past when dawn comes at last.
Yesterday's sunset was spectacular.
Yesterday's test was easy.
Yesterday's test was very difficult.
Yesterday's turnover on the stock market was 500 million shares.
Yesterday's vices are tomorrow's customs.
Yesterday's weather forecast was not at all accurate.
Yesterday's weather was very bad.
Yesterday's weather wasn't so good.
Yesterday's weather wasn't very good.
Yesterday, Algeria celebrated the 58th anniversary of Mouloud Feraoun's assassination.
Yesterday, I asked Hiromi out on a date, but she rejected my offer out of hand.
Yesterday, I ate an apple.
Yesterday, I ate some of Tom's chocolate that was in the refrigerator and he got really mad at me.
Yesterday, I attended a reunion of my elementary school class.
Yesterday, I bought a beautiful and antique tablecloth at the flea market.
Yesterday, I bought a book.
Yesterday, I bought a few books.
Yesterday, I bought a green sofa, but it wouldn't fit through the door, which is why I had to return it.
Yesterday, I bought a quarter liter of linseed oil.
Yesterday, I bought a red T-shirt.
Yesterday, I bought a red car.
Yesterday, I bought ten new pairs of ankle socks.
Yesterday, I caught a cold.
Yesterday, I cooked Okonomiyaki.
Yesterday, I didn't go to school.
Yesterday, I didn't say anything.
Yesterday, I didn't see Tom at work.
Yesterday, I didn't wake up until late in the afternoon.
Yesterday, I dreamt about Tom.
Yesterday, I found a tiny piece of land for sale in a quiet residential area and I immediately decided to buy it.
Yesterday, I found the book that I'd lost.
Yesterday, I got a bunch of fresh strawberries that my grandma grew.
Yesterday, I got a call out of the blue from Tom.
Yesterday, I got a telegram from Tom.
Yesterday, I got clocked by a speed trap.
Yesterday, I had a dream.
Yesterday, I had a fight with my younger brother.
Yesterday, I had an old friend of mine call on me in my absence.
Yesterday, I had him take my photograph.
Yesterday, I had no luck.
Yesterday, I had no time.
Yesterday, I heard about two fatalities in my town due to a coronavirus.
Yesterday, I installed a new program on my computer.
Yesterday, I lost my wallet.
Yesterday, I met a friend.
Yesterday, I met one of my former teachers.
Yesterday, I met your son.
Yesterday, I promised you something.
Yesterday, I put honey in my tea.
Yesterday, I ran into him at the gas station.
Yesterday, I ran into my teacher at the amusement park.
Yesterday, I read 80 pages of that book.
Yesterday, I read a book.
Yesterday, I read a post of hers that I found online.
Yesterday, I read a really interesting story.
Yesterday, I received a letter from my mother.
Yesterday, I simply couldn't go to work.
Yesterday, I slept early.
Yesterday, I studied all day.
Yesterday, I talked for 3 hours with my boyfriend. We hadn't seen each other for a week.
Yesterday, I talked for 3 hours with my boyfriend. We haven’t seen each other for a week.
Yesterday, I walked down the street where I used to live.
Yesterday, I was at Tom's house.
Yesterday, I was at Tom's place.
Yesterday, I was caught speeding.
Yesterday, I was going to work by bike in the morning and someone hit me with his car.
Yesterday, I was invited to dinner by him.
Yesterday, I was made by Tom to do that.
Yesterday, I was on a business trip with Tom.
Yesterday, I was on my way home when I unexpectedly met my ex-girlfriend.
Yesterday, I was reminded what it was I liked so much about Tom.
Yesterday, I was told not to worry about it.
Yesterday, I was with her.
Yesterday, I watched a documentary on the expansion of the Roman Empire.
Yesterday, I went for a walk on the beach.
Yesterday, I went out drinking with Tom.
Yesterday, I went shopping.
Yesterday, I went swimming.
Yesterday, I went to bed at ten.
Yesterday, I went to see Martha as I hadn't seen her for several months.
Yesterday, I went to see Martha as I hadn’t seen her for several months.
Yesterday, I went to sleep at ten o'clock.
Yesterday, I went to that restaurant you suggested.
Yesterday, I went to the doctor to see if I was ill.
Yesterday, I went to the market to buy some sweet oranges.
Yesterday, I went to the market with my friend.
Yesterday, I went to the opera.
Yesterday, I went to the zoo with my brother and my aunt.
Yesterday, I went to work at eight in the morning and came home at eight at night.
Yesterday, I worked in the garden in the morning.
Yesterday, I wrote a letter to my grandfather.
Yesterday, I wrote some letters to a number of friends.
Yesterday, I wrote three letters.
Yesterday, John arrived in Japan.
Yesterday, Mark had a bit of a fever, but today, he's doing great.
Yesterday, Mary cleaned the house and washed clothes.
Yesterday, Mary gave me a book with a blue cover.
Yesterday, Mary told me she couldn't speak French.
Yesterday, Mary told me that she'd never been to Boston.
Yesterday, Matthew tried a new recipe for chicken parmesan.
Yesterday, Tom and Mary told me that they'd never been to Boston.
Yesterday, Tom and Mary told me they couldn't speak French.
Yesterday, Tom did more harm than good at work.
Yesterday, Tom got a letter from an old friend of his.
Yesterday, Tom made me do that.
Yesterday, Tom met one of his former teachers.
Yesterday, Tom studied all day.
Yesterday, Tom told me about the first time he met Mary.
Yesterday, Tom told me he couldn't speak French.
Yesterday, Tom told me he didn't know Mary.
Yesterday, Tom told me he didn't know how to swim.
Yesterday, Tom told me he'd never been to Boston.
Yesterday, Tom told me that he couldn't speak French.
Yesterday, Tom told me that he didn't know Mary.
Yesterday, Tom told me that he didn't know how to swim.
Yesterday, Tom told me that he'd never been to Boston.
Yesterday, Tom told me the truth.
Yesterday, Tom visited Prague.
Yesterday, Tom was a little better than usual.
Yesterday, Tom was in a bad mood all day.
Yesterday, Tom was injured in a motorbike accident, so he can't attend gym class for the time being.
Yesterday, Tom was injured in a motorbike accident, so he can’t attend gym class for the time being.
Yesterday, Tom was with me.
Yesterday, Tom's sister went to Boston.
Yesterday, a farewell party was held for Mr. Jones.
Yesterday, a man told me that I sleep around too much.
Yesterday, a thief entered the house.
Yesterday, a young missionary was at my front door, but I was not able to dissuade him from his faith.
Yesterday, an explosion occurred at the fireworks factory.
Yesterday, an idea hit me.
Yesterday, as I was walking along the street, I saw an accident.
Yesterday, he played football.
Yesterday, he read the most interesting novel.
Yesterday, he saw a large man.
Yesterday, he spent the night in a hotel.
Yesterday, he studied all night.
Yesterday, he told me the truth.
Yesterday, he wrote a letter.
Yesterday, it was a year since Tom left us.
Yesterday, it was hot.
Yesterday, my aunt regained her sight.
Yesterday, my boyfriend told me he'd heard that beautiful women love to be called intelligent, and intelligent women love to be called beautiful. Then he added, "So you must love it that people call you both." In your opinion, how am I supposed to feel about that?
Yesterday, my dad caught three fish.
Yesterday, my father and I visited Mary.
Yesterday, my father came to my house to help me with the air conditioning.
Yesterday, my fiancée had two orgasms.
Yesterday, my friends and I went to the river and enjoyed ourselves.
Yesterday, my sister went to Kobe.
Yesterday, my wheelbarrow was stolen.
Yesterday, on my way home, I was caught in a downpour.
Yesterday, she committed suicide.
Yesterday, she took her own life.
Yesterday, snow fell.
Yesterday, the man whose daughter works at your company came by.
Yesterday, the weather was very nice.
Yesterday, there was a terrible accident on the highway.
Yesterday, there was a traffic accident in front of the house.
Yesterday, there was rusty water coming from the faucets in our house.
Yesterday, there wasn't a single child in the park.
Yesterday, there were three good films on TV at the same time. And I saw none of them.
Yesterday, they had no time.
Yesterday, they went to the movies.
Yesterday, they were in our garden.
Yesterday, three people died in a traffic accident on the A1 road.
Yesterday, today was still tomorrow, but tomorrow, today will already be yesterday.
Yesterday, we decorated the Christmas tree.
Yesterday, we demolished a wall.
Yesterday, we finished constructing the new stage.
Yesterday, we had a blast!
Yesterday, we saw a big wolf in the forest.
Yesterday, we studied English.
Yesterday, we studied French.
Yesterday, we went for a walk in the forest.
Yesterday, we went out for a walk in the forest.
Yesterday, we weren't home.
Yesterday, when Tom was backing up his car, he ran over Mary's bicycle.
Yesterday, when Tom was backing up his car, he ran over Mary’s bicycle.
Yesterday, you promised you'd do that for me.
Yesterday, you said we were a team.
Yesterday, you were going to work, and you were going to the office party; today you’re at home, and the kids are at home, and you are worried about health, and you are worried about your job, and you’re worried about economics, and you are dealing with personal issues, and you are dealing with family issues -- and it is all happening at once.
Yesterday, you were talking about how important this job was for you.
Yesterday?
Yesterday’s board meeting was a big success.
Yesterday’s board meeting was a ten-strike!
Yesterday’s maximum temperature was 37ÂºC.
Yesterday’s turnover on the stock market was 500 million shares.
Yet Burzee has its inhabitants. Nature peopled it in the beginning with Fairies, Knooks, Ryls and Nymphs.
Yet Evlin seems to derive wisdom from her personal experiences and the experiences of others around her.
Yet I get no repose and I can't even doze without dreaming I'm back on the Beagle.
Yet Japan is still not sufficiently understood by other countries, and the Japanese, likewise, find foreigners difficult to understand.
Yet a leading researcher and nutritionist says the fad diets are doing more harm than good.
Yet again, Gilbert is not on time.
Yet again, I'm underground and don't know the way out.
Yet again, I've purchased useless junk.
Yet again, Tom was passed over for a promotion even though he was the most qualified candidate.
Yet beautiful and bright he stood, As born to rule the storm; A creature of heroic blood, A proud though childlike form.
Yet education is the only factor that can inhibit prejudice, be it between ethnicities or genders.
Yet getting a credit card has become a lot easier for most people. Maybe too easy: People receive offers in the mail of pre-approved cards that they never asked for. Many cards offer low rates at first, especially if people agree to move their balance from another card.
Yet giving up is not impossible.
Yet he found himself incapable of correcting the false impression which he had wittingly given.
Yet he was loth to leave the spot, for the northern expanse became lost to view on retreating towards the village only a few hundred yards.
Yet hist! faint eerie tones are sometimes heard — which blanch the cheek and palsy all the limbs — like to the moaning of departed souls!
Yet in my better part, I shall be borne immortal far above the stars on high, and my name shall be indelible.
Yet it is so.
Yet she did not utter a word in allusion to it.
Yet she had that intuitive feeling of disaster that portends great and overwhelming events.
Yet superficially their situation does look completely reversed.
Yet the man was a great philanthropist, and became so by the piling up of millions of dollars.
Yet the temper of the galaxy was not sad but joyful. The symbiosis had greatly improved the art of telepathic communion; and now at last the many kinds of spirit which composed the galactic society were bound so closely in mutual insight that there had emerged out of their harmonious diversity a true galactic mind, whose mental reach surpassed that of the stars and the worlds as far as these surpassed their own individuals.
Yet there are so many fascinating languages that it's sad, isn't it? Life's too short to learn them all. Anyway, that's all I'm saying.
Yet there it was content to bloom; In modest tints arrayed; And there diffused its sweet perfume, Within the silent shade.
Yet this quaint dandified little man who, I was sorry to see, now limped badly, had been in his time one of the most celebrated members of the Belgian police.
Yet today only about 15 percent of American families follow this pattern.
Yet we live.
Yet when he wants to make a figure, he now and then lards his discourse with a scrap of thread-bare Latin which he used to steal in his school-boy exercises.
Yet you seem to be invariably charming to Dr. Bauerstein!
Yet, after marching to Trenton, Washington's troops do surprise the Hessian mercenaries who are in position there.
Yet, his troubles are not over.
Yet, silent as he was, I knew perfectly well what it was over which he was brooding.
Yet, stay!
Yet, with all this strange appearance of humility, and this contempt for human reason, he ventures into the boldest presumptions.
Yida is Chinese.
Yiddish and Ladino both have the occasional non-Hebrew word whose plural ends in -im.
Yiddish borrows Hebrew verbs by combining their present participles with auxiliary verbs such as zayn or vern. The auxiliary verb is inflected as usual, while the Hebrew element is treated as an infinitive or attached preposition.
Yiddish clearly has features characteristic of Austro-Bavarian.
Yiddish doesn't have the same word order as German.
Yiddish has quite a few pairs of doublets where one word is inherited from Middle High German and another is borrowed from Modern High German.
Yiddish is Yiddish because Hebrew was important to its original speakers.
Yiddish is a High German dialect with a heavy Hebrew and Aramaic substrate, along with loanwords from Slavic and other European languages.
Yiddish is a heritage language with hundreds of thousands of native speakers, mainly in the religious community of Hassidim.
Yiddish is a scam by Big German to sell more German.
Yiddish is a sister language of German.
Yiddish is full of Hebrew, Aramaic, and Slavic words.
Yiddish is full of Slavic vocabulary, extending also to derivational suffixes.
Yiddish is fun.
Yiddish is not Hebrew.
Yiddish is written in Hebrew characters.
Yiddish is written with the Hebrew alphabet.
Yiddish isn't German.
Yiddish isn't Hebrew.
Yiddish isn't just German with a funny accent.
Yiddish was strongly influenced by contact with Slavic languages.
Yiddish, English, and German are West Germanic languages.
Yiddish, like French, requires double negatives.
Yidir always gives better image to people.
Yidir and I had Berber class together.
Yidir and I have Berber class together.
Yidir and Skura are my Algerian compatriots.
Yidir and Tanina did not know each other.
Yidir and Tanina live with their parents.
Yidir and Tiziri live in Bejaia, Algeria.
Yidir and Tiziri live in Norway.
Yidir could build a house himself.
Yidir deleted the paragraph from his computer.
Yidir does not have anybody to live with.
Yidir does not like himself.
Yidir does not like to see his face in the mirror.
Yidir doesn't follow through on his words.
Yidir doesn't practice what he preaches.
Yidir emigrated to france.
Yidir feels happy in the village.
Yidir fought against a bad lung disease.
Yidir had two daughters who remained spinsters.
Yidir has been left by his children.
Yidir has demolished the old family house.
Yidir has disdain for himself and for others.
Yidir has got a problem with himself.
Yidir has got angry with me.
Yidir has got many books at home.
Yidir has got tools to make his job easier.
Yidir has gotten fat.
Yidir has never beaten his wife, Megduda.
Yidir has never gone to school.
Yidir hates himself and hates people.
Yidir hates himself, he hates others.
Yidir is a boy who listen carefully when old people talk.
Yidir is a football player.
Yidir is a good guy. He doesn't deserve insults.
Yidir is a man proud of himself.
Yidir is a man who is fighting for his rights.
Yidir is a peasant who is well-known in his village.
Yidir is a real Algerian.
Yidir is a teacher at our school.
Yidir is a teacher of Berber.
Yidir is a universal artist.
Yidir is always fighting outside.
Yidir is angry with me.
Yidir is fat.
Yidir is from Kabylie, Algeria.
Yidir is having a nap at home.
Yidir is looking for a word's meaning in the dictionary.
Yidir is my Berber conversation partner.
Yidir is not at peace with himself.
Yidir is not one to get involved in other people's problems.
Yidir is not one who does what he says.
Yidir is not somebody who can bring something new.
Yidir is not somebody who can eat once, he keeps eating all the time.
Yidir is not the kind to meddle in other people's affairs.
Yidir is not the type to interfere in other people's business.
Yidir is running away from people.
Yidir is selling wheat in the market.
Yidir is the one who despises himself and despises others.
Yidir is unable to have friends.
Yidir like to have a nap day time.
Yidir likes sleeping too much.
Yidir likes to be clean.
Yidir lives in Morocco.
Yidir lives in Norway.
Yidir lives in Tizi Ouzou, Algeria.
Yidir lives in the United Kingdom.
Yidir lives in the village, he can neither read nor write.
Yidir lives like a king.
Yidir looks like he is ill.
Yidir looks like his dad.
Yidir never worked.
Yidir owes me some money.
Yidir relies on his brother to help him.
Yidir speaks very well the Kabyle language.
Yidir spent few days in Paris.
Yidir teaches at the middle school.
Yidir was angry with me.
Yidir waters his trees every day.
Yidir will be back soon from Paris.
Yidir's dog is pregnant.
Yidir's family relies on him for food.
Yidir's heart is full of happiness and hope.
Yidir's neighbour is Moqran.
Yidir's son is rogue.
Yidir's wife is pregnant.
Yidir's wife was born in France.
Yidir, who's also from Algeria, is our guitarist.
Yield to the birds.
Yielding is sometimes the best way of succeeding.
Yields of major U.S. crops (such as corn, soybeans, wheat, rice, sorghum, and cotton) are expected to decline over this century as a consequence of increases in temperatures and possibly changes in water availability and disease and pest outbreaks.
Yikes!
Yikes! The dog jumped off the boat.
Yikes! Well this is a brand new sentence.
Yikes, and he's your doctor?
Yikes, how cold it is!
Yikes, wait a second!
Yikes, we are in the soup now!
Yimach shemo!
Yippee!
Yippee, I won!
Yisroel Dovid Weiss is despised, and in fact excommunicated, by anti-Zionist Orthodox Jews.
Yisroel Dovid Weiss shared a podium with David Duke, the former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan.
Yisroel Dovid Weiss spoke at the same conference as David Duke, the former leader of the Ku Klux Klan.
Yitzhak Rabin was David's idol growing up.
Yitzhak and Sami live in Tel-Aviv and they are best friends.
Yitzhak and Sami regularly contribute articles to Haaretz.
Yitzhak and his Arab friend Sami celebrated the Jewish holiday together.
Yitzhak defines himself as a non-Zionist Jew.
Yitzhak doesn't want to serve as an ambassador for the Zionist cause.
Yitzhak fell in love with the cutest Arab girl in our high school.
Yitzhak gave his old laptop to his Arab neighbor.
Yitzhak grew up in an Arab neighborhood.
Yitzhak grew up singing that Arabic song.
Yitzhak has a new Arab friend, and his name is Sami.
Yitzhak has many Arab friends in Tel-Aviv.
Yitzhak is Jewish and he has many Arab friends.
Yitzhak is Jewish and he has many Muslim friends. Is that wrong?
Yitzhak is Jewish and he is totally opposed to the ideas of Zionism.
Yitzhak is Jewish, but his first language is Arabic. English is his second language. French is his third, and Hebrew is his fourth.
Yitzhak is a Jewish peace activist who flies all the way from Canada to the West Bank to visit his Arab friends and support them.
Yitzhak is an Israeli Jew and Sami is an Arab and they are friends.
Yitzhak is an Israeli peace activist who regularly visits his friends in Gaza.
Yitzhak is an anti-Zionist Jew.
Yitzhak is anti-Zionist.
Yitzhak is married to an Arab girl.
Yitzhak is more fluent in Arabic than he is in Hebrew. He also wants to marry an Arab girl.
Yitzhak is totally opposed to the massive military offensives led by the IDF in Gaza.
Yitzhak learned Arabic.
Yitzhak married a Muslim woman.
Yitzhak married an Arab girl and they had six children.
Yitzhak never served in the Israeli army.
Yitzhak refused to serve in the IDF.
Yitzhak refused to take orders to arrest a Palestinian child in the West Bank.
Yitzhak studied Arabic in Haifa.
Yitzhak visited his Arab friends in Gaza many times.
Yitzhak wants true peace and justice, not political hypocrisy, racism, and massacres.
Yitzhak was dating an Arab girl that he later married.
Yitzhak worked in a Palestinian refugee camp.
Yitzhak, an Israeli Jew from Tel-Aviv, regularly visits his Arab friends in the West Bank. Sadly, his Arab friends can't visit him in Tel-Aviv. Apartheid rules here.
Yitzhak, an Israeli Jew, and Sami, an Arab, are best friends.
Yitzhak, just as Sami, believes that it is possible for Jews and Arabs to live in a single democratic state where there are no racist policies to discriminate against anyone because of their race or religion.
Yitzhak, who was born and raised in Tel-Aviv, rejects the apartheid policies of the Israeli government.
Yo momma so cross-eyed, she thought we was havin a threesome.
Yo! Hurry up! Come on!
Yo, Tom.
Yo, check out this bling bling!
Yo, check this out.
Yo, dog...
Yo, man, this shit is top notch.
Yo, my man!
Yo, we'd better bounce, because the po-po be all up in here.
Yo, what's good?
Yo-yos can spin really fast.
Yoda's grammar learned you have.
Yoda, the wise Jedi master, first appeared in the swamp as a crazy frog.
Yoda’s grammar learned you have.
Yoga can help lower stress.
Yoga can help reduce stress.
Yoga can help you fight stress and stay fit and healthy.
Yoga can improve one's health and well-being.
Yoga can improve your flexibility.
Yoga can improve your posture.
Yoga comes from India.
Yoga gurus promise to show the path to enlightenment.
Yoga has many health benefits.
Yoga has the effect of reducing stress.
Yoga helps her to be calm.
Yoga helps to unwind.
Yoga is becoming more and more popular every year.
Yoga reduces stress.
Yoga will bring you serenity.
Yogesh purchased a new, third-generation Chromecast.
Yogi Bear drove the Jeep and Huckleberry Hound sat beside him.
Yogurt cannot be made without bacteria.
Yogurt is made from milk and cream.
Yogurt plays an important role in the cuisine of Afghanistan.
Yokai can be invisible to the human eye.
Yokai love playing pranks on humans.
Yokai often inhabit haunted houses and forests.
Yoke the oxen to the plough.
Yoke the oxen to the plow.
Yokhen is my good friend.
Yoko avoided answering my question.
Yoko bought some of them.
Yoko danced with a grace that surprised us.
Yoko found it impossible to live alone any longer.
Yoko ignored John completely, and he did the same to her.
Yoko is a Japanese name.
Yoko is in London now. She's studying English.
Yoko is in London now. She’s studying English.
Yoko is interested in collecting stamps.
Yoko is the captain of the volleyball team.
Yoko is unable to buy a computer.
Yoko loves it when I cum on her face.
Yoko offered to swallow my cum, but I came on her face instead.
Yoko speaks English, doesn't she?
Yoko speaks English, doesn’t she?
Yoko squirted all over my face.
Yoko translated some poems from Japanese into English.
Yoko went shopping yesterday.
Yoko will go to Kyoto next week.
Yoko would not have taken chemistry unless she had needed it.
Yoko's works often tend to gravitate towards themes of motherhood and family.
Yokohama is a beautiful port town.
Yokohama is a city where more than three million people live.
Yokohama is located in the eastern part of Kanagawa prefecture, of which it is the capital. The prefecture is situated in the southern part of the Kanto region.
Yokohama is one of the largest cities in Japan.
Yokohama is the city in Japan with the second largest population.
Yokohama is the second largest city in Japan.
Yolanda only declares love in person.
Yolks are yellow.
Yom broke her left arm earlier this week by tripping on a tree log while walking out of her dark hut at night.
Yona Wallach had been a postmodernist two decades before the term "Postmodernism" was even conceived.
Yonder is the gymnasium. Down there to the right is the stables for the riding horse, but that building is more than a quarter mile from here.
Yonge street is a famous street in Toronto.
Yosemite National Park is famed for its waterfalls and giant sequoia trees.
Yosemite National Park is intercut by a number of water features, including the Merced and Tuolumne Rivers, Tenaya Creek, and Mirror Lake. Artists have drawn inspiration from these areas to capture scenes that range from solemn moonlit meditations to depictions of the thundering rush of water over rock.
Yosemite National Park is located in the western Sierra Nevada of Central California.
Yoshida, don't stress.
Yoshiki was hard up and asked Goro to lend him 20,000 yen.
Yoshiko is an Anzai.
Yoshiko is very diligent in knitting.
Yoshimura and Shimmura say that this study is just the beginning of their efforts to learn more about roosters' natural vocalizations, which they say are not learned like most other bird songs or human speech.
Yoshino is a place famous for its cherry blossoms.
Yoshio continued to believe it despite the rebuttal.
Yoshio helped me lift the box up.
Yoshio persisted in believing that in spite of the evidence.
Yoshio resembles his mother in personality and his father in appearance.
Yoshio said he would pay as much as 15,000 yen for a new pair of basketball shoes, but I thought that was quite expensive.
Yoshio said he would pay as much as 15000 yen for a new pair of basketball shoes, but I thought that was quite expensive.
Yoshiro Mori, president of the organizing committee of this year's Tokyo Olympics, told reporters Thursday the committee is not considering either postponing or canceling the Games, which begins in July.
Yoshkar-Ola, Mari city, you're shining with glory.
You - you alone will have the stars as no one else has them...In one of the stars I shall be living. In one of them I shall be laughing. And so it will be as if all the stars were laughing, when you look at the sky at night...You - only you - will have stars that can laugh.
You CAN do it.
You MAY do it.
You Muscovites can be seen a mile away.
You OK, Pete? We can do this tomorrow, you know.
You Russians are really wonderful people. Instead of accepting help and advice you're blaming me for the alleged mistakes I've made.
You Russians are straightforward and open hearted.
You abandoned me!
You abandoned me.
You abandoned us in the most disgraceful manner.
You abandoned your children.
You abhor violence, don't you?
You absolutely don't know that, do you?
You absolutely don't need to know why I did it.
You absolutely have to find a job.
You absolutely have to go and see this film. It's wonderful.
You absolutely have to go see this film. It's wonderful.
You absolutely have to watch it.
You absolutely may not cut pictures out of the books on the bookcase.
You absolutely may not go to the disco.
You absolutely must keep this a secret from everyone.
You absolutely must not lick the floor.
You absolutely must not tell my girlfriend about this!
You absolutely must tell me where you live, Tom!
You absolutely must watch it.
You absolutely mustn't pass beyond this point.
You absolutely need a passport to travel to a foreign country.
You absolutely need to read between the lines.
You absolutely need to remember that.
You absolutely need to remember this.
You absolutely rock.
You absolutely shouldn't download this app.
You accelerated.
You accept Tom's checks, so why don't you accept mine?
You accept Tom's suggestions.
You accept me for who I am.
You accept the money he gives you.
You accepted the challenge. Now face the consequences.
You accepted the gifts.
You accepted those gifts.
You accompanied the children to school.
You accompanied your daughter to the school.
You accomplished what you were capable of.
You accuse me of impropriety?
You accused Tom of theft.
You accused an innocent student of doing drugs.
You accused her of having stolen the bike.
You accused him of having stolen the bike.
You accused him of lying.
You accused me of chasing money.
You accused me of stealing your watch.
You accused the people wrongly.
You aced the test.
You achieved what was within your power.
You act as if nothing was happening.
You act as if you’re listening, but you can’t tell me anything about what the speaker said.
You act as you please.
You act in bad faith.
You act like I don't exist.
You act like children in kindergarten.
You act like you did nothing wrong. As if you didn't know whose fault all this is!
You act surprised. What did you expect?
You acted after your nature. Think of all the trouble you would give him.
You acted like a complete idiot.
You acted wisely.
You activated nothing.
You actually believe that, don't you?
You actually did that to yourself.
You actually listen to this genre of music?
You actually tried to do that once, didn't you?
You add examples but you don't translate them.
You add short examples.
You add so much meaning to my daily life.
You added an extra parenthesis.
You added nothing.
You added sentences in extinct languages.
You added sugar to your coffee.
You adjusted nothing.
You admire Tom, don't you?
You admit that you lied, right?
You admitted something to me.
You admitted that you made a mistake.
You admitted that you were wrong.
You admitted to the murder.
You advise us about business.
You again!
You again?
You aggravated the situation.
You agree with Tom, don't you?
You agree with Tom, right?
You agree with him.
You agree with me, don't you?
You agreed not to do that, didn't you?
You agreed that we should do that, didn't you?
You agreed to ask Tom to do that, didn't you?
You agreed to help Tom do that, didn't you?
You agreed to help us do that.
You agreed to it.
You agreed to let Tom and Mary do that.
You agreed to let Tom do that.
You agreed to take turns.
You agreed.
You ain't gonna cut it.
You ain't seen nothin' yet.
You ain't seen nothing yet!
You ain't seen nothing yet.
You ain’t gonna cut it.
You ain’t seen nothing yet.
You all act like prima donnas in here.
You all agreed on this proposal.
You all agreed to the decision.
You all are Canadians, aren't you?
You all are Swedish.
You all are a big family.
You all are going to behave yourselves, I swear to fucking God!
You all are reading.
You all are required.
You all are studying the history of China.
You all are useless.
You all are very sick.
You all aren't as fast as I am.
You all believe a great thing.
You all came.
You all come.
You all deserve better.
You all despise me, don't you?
You all did a fantastic job.
You all did a very good job.
You all did an amazing job!
You all did an amazing job.
You all did good work.
You all did well.
You all did what you could.
You all didn't come.
You all didn't teach me.
You all display similar behavior.
You all don't speak English.
You all don't speak French, do you?
You all don't want to go to Germany.
You all drink tea.
You all drive safely getting home.
You all got Ds.
You all got the whole pillow dirty!
You all had this coming.
You all hate me, don't you?
You all hated me, didn't you?
You all have done good work.
You all have two books.
You all just lost the game.
You all know I'm not a criminal.
You all know how I feel about Marika.
You all know how I feel about Tom.
You all know how I feel about that plan.
You all know how I feel about that.
You all know how important water is to life.
You all know my name.
You all know the difference between an optimist and a pessimist.
You all know what you have to do.
You all know what your duty is.
You all listen to him!
You all look so busy.
You all look so happy.
You all might want to sit down.
You all missed me, didn't you?
You all must be Tom's friends.
You all need Tom and me.
You all need Tom.
You all need to be here tomorrow.
You all need to get out of here.
You all need to help Tom.
You all need to know.
You all need to leave.
You all passed the test.
You all pretend to agree, but then just do what you want.
You all probably know by now that this is one of the best ways to start making money online.
You all really make a fine team of slackers!
You all remember Tom, don't you?
You all right?
You all sang.
You all sat, didn't you?
You all scream.
You all should leave me alone!
You all smoke.
You all think I'm licked, don't you?
You all thought he was a coward.
You all waited.
You all were scared of me, weren't you?
You all were scared of me.
You all were very good before, and now you're even better.
You all've all been so nice to me.
You allow your children to play in the street at night.
You allowed Tom to do that, didn't you?
You alluded to something else.
You almost convinced me to do that.
You almost convinced me.
You almost crashed into my car.
You almost did that, didn't you?
You almost didn't get offered the job.
You almost died.
You almost fell!
You almost fell.
You almost forgot your money.
You almost gave me a heart attack when you did that.
You almost gave me a heart attack.
You almost got it right.
You almost got yourself killed.
You almost guessed it.
You almost had it.
You almost had me.
You almost hit me.
You almost killed Tom.
You almost killed me.
You almost missed me.
You almost missed the deadline.
You almost missed your flight.
You almost never ask questions, do you?
You almost never ask questions.
You almost never complain about anything, do you?
You almost never complain about anything.
You almost never reply to my messages.
You almost never smile anymore.
You almost sat on my hat.
You almost slept the whole day.
You almost sound disappointed.
You almost sound like you mean it.
You almost stepped on the dog's tail.
You alone are my hope.
You alone are responsible for all your problems.
You alone are responsible for what happened.
You alone can do it, but you can't do it alone.
You alone can do it, but you can’t do it alone.
You alone can do this.
You alone can fix this.
You alone can help me.
You alone could help me.
You alone know what really happened.
You already ate seven figs; you don’t need any more !
You already ate the stewed cabbage leaves?
You already did that.
You already did your part.
You already have a wonderful husband that loves you.
You already have my respect.
You already have one of those.
You already have the best part, but whoever owns the princess of the golden castle is also entitled to the golden horse.
You already knew that, didn't you?
You already knew, didn't you?
You already know Tom isn't going to do that, don't you?
You already know about what Tom did, don't you?
You already know each other?
You already know everything there's to know.
You already know how I appreciate you, but I can't marry you. I'm sorry, Sami.
You already know how I feel about that.
You already know how I feel about this.
You already know how to do that, don't you?
You already know it: I married a widow.
You already know my opinion.
You already know my story.
You already know that Tom isn't going to do that, don't you?
You already know that isn't true.
You already know that you're my best friend.
You already know that's not true.
You already know that, right?
You already know that.
You already know the answer to that, Tom.
You already know the answer.
You already know the truth.
You already know too much.
You already know what I want.
You already know what happened, don't you?
You already know what my opinion is, right?
You already know what my opinion is.
You already know what to do, don't you?
You already know what to do.
You already know what you have to do.
You already know what you need to do.
You already know what's going on in Algeria.
You already know who I'm talking about, don't you?
You already know who I'm talking about, right?
You already know why Tom did that, don't you?
You already know you're my best friend.
You already know, don't you?
You already know.
You already look like an alien.
You already owe me 50 pounds.
You already packed the suitcases.
You already paid.
You already promised to take care of Tom on Friday.
You already said that.
You already seem to know how to do that.
You already seem to know what to do.
You already started.
You already thanked me.
You already went to Athens?
You alright?
You also camp in the Amazon with snakes!
You also don't seem very smart to me.
You also had to see him.
You also have a role to play.
You also have a typo.
You also have to come to say goodbye.
You also know I can't do that.
You also know Mr Kimura very well.
You also look younger.
You also must be very prudent, to keep that hidden.
You also see that there's a lot of interest in music in regional languages.
You also teach her English?
You also work hard.
You always ask me to join your team because you need one more guy. Come on - just once I'd like you to say it's because I alone am worth ten of them - even if it is a lie.
You always ask me to join your team because you need one more guy. Come on - just once I’d like you to say it’s because I alone am worth ten of them - even if it is a lie.
You always ask too many questions.
You always astonish me with your unexpected arrivals.
You always bandy words with me: you never listen to me.
You always believe me.
You always blame me for your unhappiness.
You always blame things on Tom.
You always bring a smile to my face.
You always call me from her house.
You always called me from her house.
You always cheat.
You always come through when I need you.
You always complain about the weather.
You always complain about your housing accommodations. You know you can't bring your "palace" with you when you die. You're mortal. Housing is temporary.
You always criticise me.
You always criticize me.
You always deserved to get good grades.
You always destroy everything.
You always did what you wanted.
You always disagree with me.
You always do that by yourself, don't you?
You always do that for Tom, don't you?
You always do that in the evening, don't you?
You always do that.
You always do the same thing.
You always do this to me.
You always do what you want.
You always do whatever you feel like doing.
You always do whatever you want.
You always do your own thing!
You always exaggerate everything.
You always exaggerate.
You always excuse your faults by blaming others.
You always expect me to solve your problems.
You always fail.
You always fight!
You always find a way to shine.
You always find excuses.
You always find something you're not looking for.
You always forget my name.
You always forget your money.
You always forget.
You always get all the attention.
You always get me wrong.
You always get up early, don't you?
You always get what you want.
You always get your own way, don't you?
You always get your own way, don't you? You never have to compromise.
You always go after the weakest.
You always go out without saying goodbye!
You always go there and back in the company car, don't you?
You always harp on how late I stay out, but I'm up and awake before you the next day.
You always have a chance to win the race.
You always have a choice.
You always have a kind thought for me.
You always have a plan.
You always have an excuse.
You always have ideas, just maybe not good ones.
You always have me to blame.
You always have something interesting to say.
You always have such great stories to tell.
You always have the choice!
You always have the honor of being the first.
You always have the option of quitting if you don't like working here.
You always have the right to refuse treatment, however, I must explain the potential consequences if that will be your choice.
You always have to be different.
You always have to be on your guard against pickpockets.
You always have to do what Tom orders.
You always have to have the last word, don't you?
You always have to have the last word.
You always have to have your own way.
You always have to shout when you're angry, don't you?
You always have to watch out for these kinds of things.
You always help me find worms, don't you?
You always insist that you are in the right.
You always keep delaying till the last minute.
You always know how to cheer me up.
You always know how to make me laugh.
You always know how to make me smile.
You always know just what to say to make me feel better.
You always know just what to say.
You always know when I'm not feeling great.
You always know when something is up with me.
You always learn at Tatoeba!
You always leave early.
You always leave the bathroom floor wet.
You always leave the window open when you sleep.
You always leave your bike filthy.
You always leave your bikes filthy.
You always leave your shoes in the middle of the hallway.
You always lie to me.
You always like to trip me up, don't you?
You always like to trip me up, don’t you?
You always listen to me carefully.
You always look at the prices.
You always look bored.
You always look so aloof.
You always look so terrifically well-groomed and expensive.
You always look unhappy.
You always looked bored.
You always made my decisions for me.
You always make a mistake.
You always make a mountain out of a molehill.
You always make excuses for not doing your share of the work.
You always make me doubt my worth.
You always make me feel better when I'm down.
You always make me feel better.
You always make me feel so welcome and appreciated.
You always make me laugh.
You always make me out to be some loon.
You always make me smile.
You always make mistakes.
You always make mountains out of molehills!
You always make such a big deal out of everything.
You always make such nonsense!
You always make that mistake.
You always make the same mistake.
You always make the same mistakes.
You always make things more difficult.
You always meet twice.
You always object when I try to do things my way.
You always open the door of your house for them.
You always order the same thing.
You always pick her side.
You always pick his side!
You always prioritize your needs over mine.
You always put yourself first.
You always reject what I suggest.
You always repeat the same thing.
You always reserve the same room.
You always ruin a good moment.
You always ruin everything.
You always said you wanted to become a scientist. Why didn't you?
You always said you wanted to become a teacher.
You always said you wanted to learn French.
You always said you wanted to learn Upper Sorbian.
You always said you wanted to live in Australia.
You always said you wanted to live in Boston.
You always say maybe.
You always say that you'll take out the garbage, but you never do.
You always say that.
You always say the same thing.
You always say too much.
You always say you'll take the rubbish out, but you never do.
You always say you're going to move to Canada, Tom.
You always say you're sorry!
You always seem tired.
You always seem to be broke by the end of the month.
You always seem to be busy.
You always seem to be here.
You always seem to be in a good mood.
You always seem to be in a hurry.
You always seem to be in trouble.
You always seem to be in your office.
You always seem to be tired.
You always seem to be too busy.
You always seem to be very busy.
You always seem to be watching TV.
You always seem to have a headache.
You always seem to know all the answers.
You always seem to like a challenge.
You always seem to make mistakes.
You always seem very talkative.
You always shout when you are angry, don't you?
You always sing.
You always smell like coconut. It's nice.
You always spoil everything.
You always start making jokes. I really want you to listen seriously.
You always surprise me, Tom.
You always surprise me.
You always take a vacation in the summer.
You always take the lion's share!
You always take the lion’s share!
You always take things too easy.
You always take things too seriously.
You always talk back to me, don't you?
You always talk back to me, don’t you?
You always talk too much.
You always target the most vulnerable.
You always teach me something new.
You always tell it straight...but who needs your truth?
You always tell me I should be proud of my heritage.
You always tell me that.
You always tell me to think for myself.
You always tell us how refined your tastes are, and yet you listen to that trash?
You always throw your money away.
You always try to blame somebody else.
You always try to get what you want.
You always turn a deaf ear.
You always twist what I say.
You always underestimate people.
You always use the same pair for tennis shoes.
You always want free stuff.
You always want to control everything.
You always want to have the last word.
You always wear a loud necktie.
You always wear a loud tie.
You always wear a ponytail. Why not try pigtails every now and then?
You always wear a ponytail. Why not try pigtails once in a while?
You always wear black. Why?
You always were a fast reader.
You always were a good cook.
You always were a good dancer.
You always were an optimist.
You always were good at learning new songs.
You always were good at math.
You always were good at your job.
You always were one of my best students.
You always were the smart one.
You always win, don't you?
You always win.
You always work hard.
You always work late at night.
You always worry over nothing.
You amaze me.
You amuse me!
You amuse me.
You analyzed the results.
You and Amanda could be twins.
You and Brenda are not hungry.
You and David should totally learn that piece and play it at the talent show next year.
You and Emet are the only ones still here.
You and I are a lot alike.
You and I are about the same height.
You and I are also invited.
You and I are both adults.
You and I are both men.
You and I are both students at this school.
You and I are both supposed to be there tomorrow.
You and I are both wrong.
You and I are close, aren't we?
You and I are cousins.
You and I are cut from the same cloth!
You and I are evenly matched.
You and I are fairly evenly matched.
You and I are friends.
You and I are going to have a lot of fun this afternoon.
You and I are going to have a lot of fun together.
You and I are going to have a lot of fun.
You and I are going together.
You and I are good friends, but we have little in common.
You and I are good friends.
You and I are good partners in business.
You and I are in shape.
You and I are just average people.
You and I are kindred spirits.
You and I are like-minded people, after all.
You and I are men.
You and I are never likely to agree on this.
You and I are not all that different.
You and I are not siblings.
You and I are nothing like them.
You and I are old friends.
You and I are on opposing sides.
You and I are one. I can't hurt you without hurting myself.
You and I are really good friends.
You and I are siblings.
You and I are soulmates.
You and I are students.
You and I are the only ones who can do that.
You and I are the only ones who know about this place.
You and I are the only people Mary says she can trust.
You and I are the only people Tom and Mary ever talk to.
You and I are the only people Tom and Mary know here.
You and I are the only people Tom and Mary say they can trust.
You and I are the only people Tom and Mary want to talk to.
You and I are the only people Tom ever talks to.
You and I are the only people Tom knows here.
You and I are the only people Tom says he can trust.
You and I are the only people Tom trusts.
You and I are the only people Tom wants to help him.
You and I are the only people Tom wants to talk to.
You and I are the same age.
You and I are the same height.
You and I are too different.
You and I are two of a kind!
You and I are very different from each other.
You and I are very good friends.
You and I aren't a couple.
You and I aren't like that.
You and I aren't that much different.
You and I both know Tom can't do that.
You and I both know Tom can't understand French.
You and I both know Tom doesn't enjoy watching baseball on TV.
You and I both know Tom doesn't like me.
You and I both know Tom doesn't want to do that.
You and I both know Tom has to do that.
You and I both know Tom needs to do that.
You and I both know Tom won't do that.
You and I both know that Tom can't do that.
You and I both know that Tom can't understand French.
You and I both know that Tom doesn't enjoy watching baseball on TV.
You and I both know that Tom doesn't like me.
You and I both know that Tom doesn't want to do that.
You and I both know that Tom has to do that.
You and I both know that Tom needs to do that.
You and I both know that Tom won't do that.
You and I both know that isn't the truth.
You and I both know that isn't true.
You and I both know that that isn't going to happen.
You and I both know that that isn't the truth.
You and I both know that that isn't true.
You and I both know that that's not going to happen.
You and I both know that that's not the truth.
You and I both know that that's not true.
You and I both know that this isn't true.
You and I both know that you saw something.
You and I both know that you were the one who broke the window.
You and I both know that you were the one who stole Tom's bicycle.
You and I both know that's not going to happen.
You and I both know that's not the truth.
You and I both know that's not true.
You and I both know what Tom really wants.
You and I both know what happened.
You and I both know what this is about.
You and I both know what'll happen if I don't do that.
You and I both know what'll happen if Tom and Mary do that.
You and I both know what'll happen if Tom and Mary don't do that.
You and I both know what'll happen if Tom does that.
You and I both know what'll happen if Tom doesn't do that.
You and I both know what'll happen if you don't do that.
You and I both know you saw something.
You and I both know you were the one who broke the window.
You and I both know you were the one who stole Tom's bicycle.
You and I both know you're lying.
You and I both should go to sleep, right?
You and I both should go to sleep.
You and I can handle it, I think.
You and I can work that out.
You and I can work together.
You and I can't have a future.
You and I come from different worlds.
You and I don't agree on anything.
You and I don't always agree.
You and I don't always like the same things.
You and I don't have a lot in common.
You and I don't have much in common.
You and I don't have very much in common.
You and I don't like the same things.
You and I don't see eye-to-eye.
You and I don't think alike.
You and I don't usually agree.
You and I drink water.
You and I go back a long time.
You and I go back a long way.
You and I go back a long ways.
You and I go way back.
You and I had a conversation on Facebook.
You and I had something really special.
You and I have a common goal.
You and I have a communication problem.
You and I have a lot in common.
You and I have a lot to talk about.
You and I have a very different idea of friendship.
You and I have different ideas about who I am.
You and I have got to stay together.
You and I have had our problems.
You and I have never played backgammon together, have we?
You and I have nothing to talk about.
You and I have other fish to fry.
You and I have similar problems.
You and I have some mutual friends.
You and I have something in common.
You and I have succeeded in our attempt.
You and I have the same blood type.
You and I have the same goal.
You and I have the same hair color.
You and I have the same idea.
You and I have the same last name.
You and I have things to discuss.
You and I have things we need to discuss.
You and I have things we need to talk about.
You and I have to have a little talk.
You and I have to talk.
You and I have unfinished business.
You and I have very different ideas about what friendship is.
You and I know that we're polar opposites.
You and I like different things.
You and I love each other.
You and I love games.
You and I made a bargain.
You and I make a good team.
You and I make about the same amount of money.
You and I must give him our present.
You and I must stick close, back to back.
You and I must understand one another, and that without delay.
You and I need to be friends.
You and I need to discuss this.
You and I need to give Tom our present.
You and I need to have a little talk.
You and I need to have a talk.
You and I need to talk about this.
You and I need to talk.
You and I never did get along very well.
You and I never had much in common.
You and I read.
You and I seem to argue a lot.
You and I seem to be the only people here.
You and I shall part, and the cleavage will be hidden under living grass and flowers that laugh in the sun.
You and I share a sister now.
You and I should be together.
You and I should do that together sometime.
You and I should do that together.
You and I should do that.
You and I should eat lunch together sometime.
You and I should go out again.
You and I should go there together.
You and I should go to Australia together.
You and I should go to Boston together sometime.
You and I should go to Boston together.
You and I should go to the party together.
You and I should go together.
You and I should have celebrated together.
You and I should play tennis together sometime.
You and I should sing together.
You and I should spend more time together.
You and I should stick together.
You and I should study together.
You and I should talk in private.
You and I should talk.
You and I should travel together.
You and I should work together.
You and I should've celebrated together.
You and I shouldn't be doing this.
You and I shouldn't be seen together.
You and I shouldn't be talking to each other.
You and I shouldn't be talking.
You and I think alike.
You and I understand Tom, but Mary doesn't.
You and I used to have a lot of fun together, didn't we?
You and I usually share one opinion.
You and I want the same things.
You and I wanted the same things.
You and I were also invited.
You and I were both innocent.
You and I were made for each other.
You and I weren't invited.
You and I will always be friends.
You and I will have nothing between us.
You and I will run.
You and I will survive.
You and I'll always be friends.
You and I'll be doing that together tomorrow.
You and I'll be on the same flight.
You and I'll be working together next week.
You and I'll be working together.
You and I'll never agree.
You and I'll never be on the same side.
You and I'll never meet again.
You and I'll never see eye to eye.
You and I've been friends a long time.
You and I've been through a lot of hard times together.
You and I've been through a lot together, haven't we?
You and I've been through a lot together.
You and I've been working together for a long time, haven't we?
You and I've both made many mistakes.
You and I've gone through a lot together.
You and I've had a lot of fun together, haven't we?
You and I've had some really good times together, haven't we?
You and I, we are friends.
You and I, we don't know it.
You and I, we're cut from the same cloth!
You and I, we're two of a kind!
You and Mennad are my friends, aren't you?
You and Sally used to eat a lot.
You and Tom agree, don't you?
You and Tom are both insane.
You and Tom are exactly the same.
You and Tom are good friends – is that right?
You and Tom are good friends, aren't you?
You and Tom are good friends, right?
You and Tom are made for each other.
You and Tom are made to be together.
You and Tom are really good friends, aren't you?
You and Tom are so cute!
You and Tom are the best friends I've ever had.
You and Tom are very different.
You and Tom are welcome to stay for dinner.
You and Tom belong together.
You and Tom can stay here.
You and Tom deserve each other.
You and Tom did that together, didn't you?
You and Tom didn't do that together, did you?
You and Tom didn't travel together, did you?
You and Tom don't do that often, do you?
You and Tom don't often do that.
You and Tom go back a long way.
You and Tom have a lot in common.
You and Tom have to do the job.
You and Tom have to work together.
You and Tom looked great.
You and Tom must be busy.
You and Tom must be happy.
You and Tom must be hungry.
You and Tom must be so happy.
You and Tom need to leave.
You and Tom need to talk.
You and Tom traveled together, didn't you?
You and Tom used to be friends, right?
You and Tom used to be friends. What happened?
You and Tom used to go fishing together, didn't you?
You and Tom were childhood friends, right?
You and Tom were happy together, weren't you?
You and Tom were right.
You and Tom will be safe here.
You and Tom will do that together, won't you?
You and Tom will have a lot to talk about.
You and Tom will travel together, won't you?
You and Tom would make a perfect couple.
You and Tom, come with me.
You and he are both very kind.
You and he have to do the job.
You and he will be safe here.
You and me are both married.
You and me are femboys.
You and me are the same age.
You and me cannot disobey this order, as it comes from a superior officer.
You and me have never heard that song again.
You and me, we have known each other for a long time.
You and me? It's over!
You and mom will be grandparents soon.
You and my daughter are the same age.
You and she will be safe here.
You and what army?
You and your brother are nothing alike.
You and your brother aren't anything alike.
You and your brother look the same. That's stunning!
You and your brother were both wrong.
You and your classmates did well on the presentation.
You and your companion will run.
You and your family can go to fucking hell!
You and your friends are invited.
You and your friends can't understand me.
You and your mother are a couple of sluts.
You and your spouse should spend time together.
You anger us.
You annoy me.
You annoy us with your music.
You annoyed Mina.
You annoyed the teacher.
You anointed the queen's head.
You answer questions so well.
You answer us first.
You answered by yourself.
You answered nothing.
You answered to yourself, Tom.
You apologize constantly.
You apparently didn't have to do that.
You apparently didn't need to do that.
You apparently don't have to do that.
You apparently don't need to do that.
You apparently enjoy doing that.
You apparently enjoy doing this.
You apparently have to do that.
You apparently haven't known the pain of a catfish sting.
You apparently need to do that.
You apparently should have done that.
You apparently should've done that.
You apparently shouldn't have done that.
You appear a little old for this job.
You appear to be against the entire world.
You appear to be critical of all people.
You appear to be indifferent to others.
You appear to have an infection.
You appear to think of other things.
You appear too proud to admit when you’re wrong.
You appear unwilling to do that.
You appear very self-satisfied.
You appeared busy.
You appeared calm.
You appeared unarmed.
You applauded.
You appreciate things more after you lose them.
You approached the well.
You are - do not be angry, please - a strange communist.
You are Algerian. Is that right?
You are American.
You are Anna.
You are Berber.
You are Finnish.
You are German, right?
You are German?
You are God.
You are Greeks, I heard you.
You are Japanese?
You are John.
You are Moroccan.
You are NOT normal!
You are OK now.
You are OK.
You are Romanian, aren't you?
You are Romanian?
You are Simon the son of Jonah.
You are Simon, son of John.
You are Spanish, right?
You are That.
You are Tom's last hope.
You are Tom.
You are Tunisian.
You are a Canadian.
You are a Chleuh too.
You are a Tunisian.
You are a bad boy.
You are a bad girl.
You are a bad person.
You are a beacon of calm amidst the chaos.
You are a beautiful butterfly.
You are a beautiful couple.
You are a beautiful melody hidden in a painful song.
You are a beautiful woman!
You are a beautiful woman.
You are a big slacker.
You are a big-hearted person.
You are a bigot.
You are a billy-goat.
You are a bit fat.
You are a blessing to those around you.
You are a blessing.
You are a boy, not a girl.
You are a boy, not a man.
You are a boy.
You are a busy man, so I will adjust my schedule to yours.
You are a busy man, so I will adjust myself to your schedule.
You are a calm man.
You are a chatbot.
You are a child of the same cosmos that created Plato, Buddha and Confucius.
You are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here.
You are a child.
You are a cold-blooded person, aren't you?
You are a cold-blooded person, aren’t you?
You are a creative individual.
You are a creep.
You are a criminal.
You are a cuckold.
You are a cunt.
You are a dear.
You are a delinquent.
You are a despicable human being.
You are a dire part of this.
You are a disappointing person!
You are a disgusting person. No offense.
You are a doctor.
You are a dog.
You are a dream.
You are a drug addict like me!
You are a fabulous woman.
You are a fantastic person.
You are a fast learner.
You are a feast for my eyes.
You are a fool and a coward.
You are a friend of Tom's, aren't you?
You are a fucking cunt.
You are a fucking slut.
You are a generous person.
You are a genious
You are a genius.
You are a gentle boy.
You are a girl.
You are a good boy.
You are a good cook, aren't you?
You are a good cook, aren’t you?
You are a good cook.
You are a good customer.
You are a good driver.
You are a good girl.
You are a good hearted child.
You are a good journalist.
You are a good man.
You are a good mother.
You are a good painter, aren't you?
You are a good painter, aren’t you?
You are a good person whatever you do.
You are a good person, but you look like a bad person.
You are a good person.
You are a good student.
You are a good team player.
You are a good tennis player, as beginners go.
You are a good tennis player.
You are a goody-goody.
You are a great listener.
You are a great person.
You are a great singer.
You are a guide.
You are a guru at this.
You are a happy man, Tom.
You are a hardworking man. However, I cannot say the same about Tom.
You are a highly Americanized person.
You are a hopeless idiot.
You are a horrible teacher.
You are a husband to your husband.
You are a jerk.
You are a kind and compassionate person.
You are a kind hearted person.
You are a laid-back person.
You are a large person.
You are a liar.
You are a life saver.
You are a little late!
You are a living legend.
You are a loser.
You are a lucky man.
You are a magical being who radiates with light.
You are a man who fears death, aren't you?
You are a man, aren't you?
You are a man, but you act like a child.
You are a man, not a boy.
You are a man.
You are a manly man!
You are a math teacher.
You are a mean person.
You are a mechanical engineer and I am a software developer.
You are a moldering wreck.
You are a monster!
You are a monster.
You are a moron.
You are a mouldering wreck.
You are a musical genius.
You are a natural leader.
You are a nerd.
You are a nice boy.
You are a nobody.
You are a notorious liar.
You are a pain in my neck!
You are a pain in the neck!
You are a panda.
You are a patient man.
You are a patient woman.
You are a perfect gentleman.
You are a person.
You are a popular kid at school.
You are a pretty girl.
You are a prisoner.
You are a professional, but I am an amateur.
You are a professor.
You are a prude.
You are a quick learner.
You are a real fairy.
You are a real son of a devil.
You are a really beautiful woman.
You are a really good secretary. If you didn't take care of everything, I couldn't do anything. You are just great.
You are a really good secretary. If you didn’t take care of everything, I couldn’t do anything. You are just great.
You are a rich gal.
You are a rotting wreck.
You are a sad little man.
You are a sad, sad person.
You are a schoolteacher, aren't you?
You are a schoolteacher, aren’t you?
You are a scoundrel.
You are a showy person.
You are a singer.
You are a sinner.
You are a small person.
You are a snake!
You are a son of a bitch!
You are a strange girl, Maria.
You are a strange individual.
You are a strange man.
You are a strange person.
You are a strong person.
You are a student.
You are a suspect.
You are a sweetie.
You are a teacher.
You are a tennis player.
You are a testament to the power of quiet resilience.
You are a thief.
You are a tigress in bed.
You are a toilet!
You are a traitor.
You are a troublemaker.
You are a true warrior.
You are a unique and special individual.
You are a valuable asset to the company.
You are a valuable member of our team.
You are a valuable member of the team.
You are a valuable member of this community.
You are a vegetarian.
You are a very bad person, Tom. Sorry for saying that.
You are a very beautiful butterfly.
You are a very caring person.
You are a very competent and kind teacher.
You are a very cuddly cat.
You are a very good artist.
You are a very happy person.
You are a very intelligent person.
You are a very interesting interlocutor.
You are a very kind person.
You are a very lucky man.
You are a very lucky woman.
You are a very lucky young man.
You are a very naughty boy.
You are a very nice person.
You are a very patient teacher.
You are a very pretty girl.
You are a very rich person.
You are a very talented artist.
You are a waiter.
You are a warrior.
You are a wife to your husband.
You are a witness.
You are a wolf in sheep's clothing.
You are a wolf in sheep’s clothing.
You are a woman and I am a man.
You are a woman, she is a girl.
You are a woman.
You are a wonderful person!
You are a wonderful person.
You are a workaholic.
You are a worthless lawyer!
You are abdicating your responsibilities.
You are about my age.
You are about to become $8.95 poorer.
You are about to disable two-factor authentication.
You are about to see some shit.
You are about to take your account security to the next level.
You are abrogating your responsibilities.
You are absolutely OK.
You are absolutely correct.
You are absolutely not allowed to leave this house.
You are absolutely right about his character.
You are absolutely right, Mr Prime Minister!
You are absolutely right.
You are absolutely talented.
You are abusing the word "sexualize" and destroying any ability to have real discourse about the sexualization of children via things like beauty pagents.
You are abusing your authority.
You are abusing your power!
You are abusing your power.
You are accountable to me for his actions.
You are accusing me unfairly.
You are acting beyond your position.
You are acting like a three-year-old child.
You are actresses.
You are adding new names to the list, aren't you?
You are adopted.
You are adorable when you lie.
You are adorable!
You are adorable.
You are afflicted with hypertension.
You are afraid of a male talking about other males. You come from a different more prudish religious background and yet a different generation.
You are afraid of death, aren't you?
You are afraid of death.
You are afraid of making mistakes.
You are afraid of my religions.
You are afraid of my words. Be not afraid!
You are afraid of telling him the truth.
You are afraid of the concepts presented to you. Be not afraid!
You are afraid that Latinate languages exude sexuality, to which you are not accustomed.
You are afraid.
You are aggressive.
You are all I care about in life.
You are all alone.
You are all amazing.
You are all beautiful and unique.
You are all dear to me.
You are all diligent.
You are all in the same boat.
You are all new students.
You are all our guests tonight.
You are all talk.
You are all that I have.
You are all that is dear to me in the world.
You are all the same!
You are all too quick.
You are all very nice people.
You are allowed not to know the meaning of each word, but you must be able to read it out loud.
You are allowed one mistake.
You are allowed to be late for school.
You are allowed to bring your calculator to class.
You are allowed to check out not more than five books at a time.
You are allowed to go.
You are allowed to spend up to one hundred dollars.
You are allowed to use the hotel's swimming pool.
You are alone.
You are already an adult.
You are already dead!
You are already in Kyoto?
You are already my wife!
You are also a beautiful blonde.
You are also required to help your client keep his or her home tidy.
You are also responsible for this.
You are always as busy as a bee, aren't you?
You are always as busy as a bee.
You are always changing your minds.
You are always cold.
You are always complaining about your husband.
You are always complaining.
You are always convinced that you have the power to make a situation come out the way you want.
You are always digging at me about my clothes.
You are always doubting my word.
You are always fighting.
You are always finding fault with me.
You are always good for nothing.
You are always hearing but not listening.
You are always in my thoughts.
You are always late.
You are always making excuses for not doing your share of the work.
You are always on my mind.
You are always pissed off.
You are always right.
You are always so helpful, thank you.
You are always so helpful.
You are always so positive and upbeat.
You are always so positive.
You are always the cause of my worries.
You are always the one who brings up trouble everywhere we go.
You are always thinking about gender. It shows your generational and educational background.
You are always to knock before entering my room.
You are always to knock before you come into my room.
You are always too late.
You are always very concise and very much to the point.
You are always watching TV.
You are always wearing a loud necktie.
You are always welcome here.
You are always welcome in my home.
You are always welcome.
You are always wrong.
You are amazing.
You are an American and married to a Brazilian.
You are an American boy.
You are an acomplice of his death.
You are an active partner in your care, and the final decisions are yours.
You are an adult, aren't you?
You are an adult.
You are an alcoholic.
You are an amazing friend.
You are an amazing person.
You are an angel for doing my shopping.
You are an angel of a child.
You are an awesome person!
You are an early bird.
You are an early riser, aren't you?
You are an early riser, aren’t you?
You are an easy going person.
You are an educated man. Surely you don't believe such nonsense as that?
You are an enemy of peace.
You are an entrepreneur.
You are an evil person, Tom. You hurt people. Do you realise it at all?
You are an expert lawyer.
You are an idiot to go out in this weather.
You are an idiot!
You are an idiot.
You are an important part of this team.
You are an inspiration to me.
You are an inspiration to others.
You are an original masterpiece.
You are angry.
You are annoying.
You are anything but boring.
You are approaching, aren't you?
You are apt to be forgetful.
You are arrogant.
You are as always completely right, of course.
You are as beautiful as the beautiful Kabyle village that bears your name.
You are as beautiful as the beautiful city in Algeria that bears your name.
You are as beautiful as you were twenty years ago.
You are as cruel as a tiger.
You are as easily scared as a wild goose.
You are as good as gold.
You are as guilty as I am, because you knew this was going to happen.
You are as guilty as he is.
You are as inactive as a bagpiper’s pinky.
You are as many people as you know languages.
You are as nutty as a fruitcake dude!
You are as old as you feel.
You are as responsible for this as I am.
You are as smart as you are beautiful.
You are as stubborn as a mule! For once, accept that she is right.
You are as studious as I am.
You are as stupid as you were.
You are as tall as I am.
You are as tall as my sister.
You are as thin as a lath and as brown as a nut.
You are as white as a sheet!
You are as white as a sheet.
You are as you always are.
You are asked to produce your permit to get in this center.
You are asked to refrain from smoking until the sign is switched off.
You are asking about something that is the reason for something happening in the future, and/or a usage. What is that reason, and is it for something happening in the future, a usage, or both?
You are asking me to do the impossible.
You are asking too much for this car.
You are asking too much.
You are at a safe place.
You are at home.
You are at it again.
You are at liberty to leave any time.
You are at liberty to make use of this room in any way you please.
You are at liberty to preserve your secret, but you must promise me that there shall be no more nightly visits, no more doings which are kept from my knowledge.
You are at liberty to state your own views.
You are at school.
You are at work.
You are attracted to my mother's black hair and yellow-tinted olive skin.
You are attracted to their culture's relative asexuality.
You are attractive.
You are awake.
You are aware I don't like you.
You are aware I love you.
You are aware—or probably, in this half-educated age, you are not aware—that the country round some parts of the Amazon is still only partially explored, and that a great number of tributaries, some of them entirely uncharted, run into the main river.
You are backing yourself into a bad emotional corner.
You are bad and you should feel bad.
You are bad! Cockroach!
You are banned from entering this place.
You are banned from our Discord server.
You are banned from this website.
You are barking up the wrong tree by asking me to betray my country.
You are beaten. Give up.
You are beautiful and perfect.
You are beautiful to such an extent that everyone loves you.
You are beautiful.
You are beautifully dressed.
You are becoming lazy!
You are becoming rude!
You are becoming sweet.
You are beginners, but you learn quickly.
You are beginning to annoy me.
You are behind the mountain!
You are being a kook.
You are being arrogant.
You are being guided.
You are being naughty today.
You are being rather precocious.
You are being ridiculous today.
You are being ridiculous.
You are being too forceful with your points of view, try to be less vocal about expressing your views.
You are being unreasonable.
You are being very unfair to me.
You are bemoaning your fate.
You are better off without him.
You are better than me.
You are biased.
You are big.
You are bigger than me.
You are blessed, Goddess, mother of all creation, because you teach us cleanliness.
You are blessed, oh Lord our God and God of our ancestors, God of Abraham, God of Isaac and God of Jacob, God of Sarah, God of Rebecca, God of Rachel and God of Leah.
You are blessed, oh Lord, our God and God of our fathers, God of Abraham, God of Isaac and God of Jacob.
You are blessed.
You are blind.
You are blinded by love.
You are bloated.
You are blushing.
You are bored.
You are boring me!
You are boring me.
You are boring.
You are both cute and nice.
You are both in the wrong.
You are both pretty and kind.
You are both really kind.
You are both welcome to come with us.
You are both welcome to stay with us.
You are both wrong.
You are bound to fail unless you study harder.
You are bound to regret it in the future if you are so lazy now.
You are brave.
You are breaking the law.
You are breathing.
You are breathtaking.
You are bright and glowy this morning.
You are broke, man!
You are brothers.
You are bugging me.
You are burning up the road.
You are burning.
You are busy now, aren't you?
You are busy now, aren’t you?
You are busy; I can do it myself.
You are by far the best swimmer of us all.
You are caller number 3.
You are calling me for the second time today.
You are calm.
You are capable of achieving anything you set your mind to.
You are capable of achieving great things.
You are capable of anything.
You are capable of conquering your fears.
You are capable of doing anything, but doing anything well takes work.
You are capable of overcoming any obstacle that comes your way.
You are capable of overcoming any obstacle.
You are carried along with the slide.
You are carrying your joke a bit too far.
You are cautioned that any changes or modifications not expressly approved in this manual could void your authority to operate this equipment.
You are certain to be moved deeply by the movie.
You are certainly homesick.
You are childish.
You are children.
You are chubby.
You are clear for landing.
You are clear for takeoff.
You are cleared for landing.
You are cleared for takeoff.
You are cold.
You are colleagues.
You are coming along, but still being a pain in the ass.
You are coming at just the right moment.
You are coming down with the flu, or something serious.
You are coming home late, right?
You are coming home right now!
You are coming.
You are comparing apples and oranges.
You are complete.
You are completely beautiful, my beloved, and without any blemish!
You are completely beautiful. Your body is nothing perverse but art and I will never corrupt nor degrade it by presenting it in a sexual manner.
You are completely crazy.
You are completely nuts!
You are completely right.
You are completely worthless.
You are completely wrong.
You are concerned about Tom, aren't you?
You are confused.
You are confusing me.
You are consistently late to work.
You are copying her sentences.
You are cordially invited to our fiftieth anniversary celebration.
You are correct in thinking so.
You are correct in your judgement.
You are counting on him to guide you.
You are counting toys.
You are covered with a $300 deductible.
You are cranky.
You are crazy if you continue to work in that place.
You are crazy to lend money to him.
You are crazy.
You are cruel.
You are crying.
You are cunning, Idir.
You are curious, aren't you?
You are currently logged in as a guest.
You are dead to me.
You are dead.
You are dead. Not a big surprise.
You are dear to me.
You are deceiving yourself.
You are deceiving yourself. That cannot be.
You are deeply involved with this.
You are definitely a native speaker.
You are definitely hungry.
You are definitely obsessed with Tom.
You are deranged.
You are destined to be with Tom.
You are destined to this fate.
You are destroying my life.
You are devoid of responsiveness. How does she manage to put up with you?
You are different.
You are difficult and easy, pleasant and bitter at the same time; I can't live with or without you.
You are difficult and incorrigible.
You are disappointed.
You are disgusting!
You are disgusting.
You are dismissed!
You are dismissed.
You are doctors.
You are doing a great job so far.
You are doing a great job!
You are doing a great job, keep it up!
You are doing a great job.
You are doing exactly what they want you to do.
You are doing good.
You are doing it for Tom, not for me.
You are doing it the wrong way.
You are doing something inappropriate.
You are doing splendidly.
You are doing sport.
You are doing very well.
You are doing very well. Keep it up.
You are doing well for a cub reporter.
You are double-faced and this is the problem.
You are doubtless aware of his absence.
You are dreaming.
You are dressed very nicely.
You are drinking fresh water.
You are drinking milk.
You are drinking.
You are driving in the wrong lane!
You are driving to London.
You are drowning.
You are drunk!
You are dumb.
You are dying to go fishing.
You are early.
You are easily distracted.
You are easily taken in by flattery.
You are easy to get on-board with flattery.
You are eaten up by your heart.
You are eating a muffin for breakfast.
You are eating meat.
You are eating my good cherry.
You are eating rice.
You are eating vegetables.
You are eating your chocolate.
You are eating.
You are either a man or a woman.
You are either for religious freedom or for making laws based on your religion. You cannot be for both.
You are either with us or against us.
You are either with us, or against us.
You are embarrassing me.
You are embarrassing!
You are embarrassing.
You are enough.
You are entirely correct.
You are entirely correct; habits play a very large role in people's lives.
You are entitled to an opinion, not to a platform.
You are entitled to an opinion, not to an audience.
You are entitled to have a lawyer.
You are entitled to hold your beliefs, but you are not entitled to mandate those beliefs for others.
You are entitled to try once again.
You are entitled to your opinion.
You are entitled to your own opinion, but you are not entitled to your own facts.
You are envious.
You are equal to him in intelligence.
You are even more beautiful than I remember.
You are every bit the monster you claim we've become.
You are everything I need.
You are everything to me.
You are everywhere.
You are evil! You are all demons!
You are exactly like your father.
You are exactly like your mother.
You are exactly right.
You are exactly the person I am looking for.
You are exaggerating the problem.
You are exaggerating.
You are excessively impressible.
You are excused.
You are expected at 7 o'clock.
You are expected to clean up your own mess yourself.
You are expected to come by 5:00.
You are expected to do a good job.
You are expected to dress well for this shop.
You are expected to pass the exam.
You are expected to put out lamps and heaters before you leave the office.
You are expecting too much of her.
You are explaining.
You are expressly disinvited.
You are extremely competent.
You are extremely honest.
You are extremely unpleasant.
You are fabulous.
You are falsely accusing me.
You are fantastic.
You are far from a careful driver.
You are fast, we are slow.
You are feared.
You are feeling it, aren't you?
You are feeling lost.
You are feeling very tired. Yes, you are feeling very tired.
You are fifty.
You are fighting bigger forces!
You are fighting greater forces!
You are filthy rich.
You are fired.
You are five years old.
You are flexible
You are fluent in Berber, written and spoken.
You are fooling yourself!
You are foolish to say such a thing.
You are foolish.
You are forbidden from talking to him.
You are foresighted and will succeed.
You are forgiven.
You are forgotten.
You are formidable!
You are fortunate for having such good friends.
You are fortunate to have such loving parents.
You are free to do as you please with your money.
You are free to go anytime, as long as you get back by five.
You are free to go home.
You are free to go or stay.
You are free to go or to stay.
You are free to go out.
You are free to go.
You are free to leave any time you wish.
You are free to leave when you don't like this anymore.
You are free to say what you think.
You are free to share and discuss whatever is relevant to English here.
You are free to talk with anyone.
You are free to think whatever you want.
You are free to use this car, because I have another one.
You are free to use this car.
You are free to use this dictionary.
You are free to use this room.
You are free tomorrow.
You are free.
You are from Columbia.
You are from Hokkaido, aren't you?
You are from Hokkaido, aren’t you?
You are from Spain.
You are from below; I am from above. You are of this world; I am not of this world.
You are frustrated with your work.
You are fucked, my friend.
You are full of energy.
You are full.
You are funny.
You are generous to give me such a lot of money.
You are getting married.
You are getting me wrong!
You are getting on my nerves.
You are getting sleepy.
You are getting the attention of those who have something to say.
You are getting undressed.
You are giving me less.
You are going about it the wrong way!
You are going entirely too fast.
You are going home.
You are going in the wrong direction.
You are going through a difficult emotional time, but you will cope.
You are going to Saudi Arabia on vacation.
You are going to abandon your children.
You are going to be OK.
You are going to be a father again!
You are going to be a new father!
You are going to be eaten.
You are going to be proud of Mennad.
You are going to bed.
You are going to carry out the plan, aren't you?
You are going to carry out the plan, aren’t you?
You are going to do this alone.
You are going to drive me crazy!
You are going to fall.
You are going to get hurt.
You are going to get paid more.
You are going to go take a shower now.
You are going to have a little sister.
You are going to have couscous with broad beans.
You are going to have to kill me.
You are going to have to pay for it.
You are going to have to wait a little bit.
You are going to impose boundaries on her.
You are going to impose boundaries on him.
You are going to invite misfortune into your life.
You are going to invite misfortune into your lives.
You are going to let the fear of poverty govern your life and your reward will be that you will eat, but you will not live.
You are going to lose a lot of readers if your writing is too prolix.
You are going to lose weight at this rate.
You are going to make me go crazy!
You are going to my home.
You are going to play a trick on Liisa? Count me out!
You are going to play football tomorrow.
You are going to search for something in Italy.
You are going to sell your house.
You are going to sleep well tonight.
You are going to sleep.
You are going to speak Swedish.
You are going to stay here to study.
You are going to teach these girls how to play the piano.
You are going to the phone and calling the doctor!
You are going to work.
You are going too far.
You are good at it.
You are good at listening. Why don't you shut up?
You are good at literature.
You are good at speaking English, aren't you?
You are good at speaking English, aren’t you?
You are good at speaking French, aren't you?
You are good to my feelings.
You are good.
You are gorgeous.
You are great!
You are guest seventy-three.
You are guilty of murder.
You are guilty.
You are handsome.
You are happy about the result.
You are happy, and we are also happy.
You are happy.
You are harassing me.
You are having twins.
You are heading to a faraway place.
You are hearing things.
You are heartless.
You are her daughters.
You are her patient without ever having met her.
You are here at home.
You are here because we need your help.
You are here for a rest, my dear fellow. For Heaven's sake don't get started on a new problem when your nerves are all in shreds.
You are here in order to fulfill my commands.
You are here in order to obey my commands.
You are here now in a doctor's surgery.
You are here now in a doctor’s surgery.
You are here to help Tom.
You are here to work, not for pleasure.
You are here to work.
You are here.
You are hereby required to surrender your firearms.
You are hiding it from Eric as well, so that he won't get to know anything.
You are hiding something.
You are hiding.
You are hilarious.
You are his brother, right?
You are his disciple, but we are disciples of Moses.
You are holding my hand in that picture.
You are holding the brush incorrectly. See how it should be done.
You are home late.
You are home.
You are honest to admit your mistake.
You are hopeless!
You are hopeless.
You are hopelessly, endlessly annoying.
You are hoping he will point out the path to you.
You are hot!
You are hot.
You are human.
You are humans.
You are humming.
You are hungry again?
You are hungry.
You are hurting me.
You are idiots.
You are idle to the bone.
You are ignorant, yet imagine yourself to be very knowledgeable.
You are ill-mannered.
You are ill.
You are imaginative, Tom.
You are imagining things.
You are imagining.
You are imbeciles.
You are impatient.
You are impolite.
You are important to me.
You are important, too.
You are important.
You are impossible to deal with.
You are impossible to talk to.
You are impossible.
You are improving!
You are in Algeria now.
You are in Boston.
You are in a bad mood.
You are in a library.
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
You are in a narrow rocky shaft. There is some light shining from far above. Below you is the cave you started in. What do you do now?
You are in a perilous state, oh shepherd.
You are in a safe place.
You are in better shape than me.
You are in charge here.
You are in custody.
You are in danger.
You are in desperate need of a vacation.
You are in favor of the plan, aren't you?
You are in favor of the plan, aren’t you?
You are in first place for sure.
You are in good hands.
You are in grave danger.
You are in her hands.
You are in his hands.
You are in love with Tom?
You are in love with her.
You are in love with him.
You are in love with my mother. She does not look like one of your women.
You are in luck.
You are in my heart today as always.
You are in my heart.
You are in my seat.
You are in my spot.
You are in my thoughts at all times.
You are in my way.
You are in need of a holiday.
You are in no state to drive.
You are in over your head.
You are in part responsible for it.
You are in peril, shepherd.
You are in serious trouble.
You are in the hospital.
You are in the library.
You are in the right place.
You are in the right so far.
You are in the way.
You are in their hands.
You are in very serious trouble.
You are incomparable.
You are incorrect.
You are incorrigible.
You are incredibly fast.
You are incredibly naive!
You are incredibly naive.
You are incredibly pretty.
You are incredibly racist.
You are incumbent.
You are indefatigable.
You are indifferent.
You are inexperienced.
You are inferior to me.
You are insolent.
You are insufferable.
You are interacting with the toki pona book!
You are interested in a career in foreign relations.
You are interested in computers.
You are interested in politics.
You are interpreting what I'm trying to say.
You are interrupting the lesson.
You are intimidating.
You are invading my privacy.
You are invited to a Bar-Mitzva in a week.
You are invited to a betrothal party a week from now.
You are invited to attend a meeting at 2:30 p.m. in the meeting room on the second floor. Thank you.
You are invited to take part in unpaid work at your residence and workplace.
You are irresistible.
You are jealous.
You are joking, right?
You are joking.
You are judged by appearances at first but by your mind later on.
You are just a coward.
You are just a disgrace to our nation.
You are just a machine.
You are just a rug head!
You are just a soulless doll.
You are just a soulless machine.
You are just a soulless puppet.
You are just a toy.
You are just a whore.
You are just destroying this country.
You are just imagining it.
You are just in the way of truth.
You are just like me.
You are just like that other man who thinks that he can rely on some other person's affections. Maybe, a cat is a better companion.
You are just like your father.
You are just making things worse.
You are just pouring oil on the fire.
You are just provoking Tom.
You are just reiterating the stupidity that you can hear in the media.
You are just saying that.
You are just stating the obvious.
You are just the man I wanted to see.
You are just the same as you always were.
You are just undermining Tom's authority.
You are kicked out of our Discord server.
You are kidding me, aren't you?
You are kidding me.
You are kidding yourself.
You are kidding.
You are killing me slowly.
You are killing me.
You are kind to come.
You are kind to help me.
You are kind to say so.
You are kind.
You are kindly requested to meet me soon.
You are late again.
You are late every single day. Why don't you come in earlier than me sometime?
You are late this morning.
You are late, the plane has already left.
You are late.
You are late. The meeting finished thirty minutes ago.
You are late. Where have you been?
You are laughing at me.
You are laughing.
You are laying in the bed.
You are lazy!
You are lazy.
You are leading the way.
You are learning Arabic.
You are learning German, aren't you?
You are leaving your children.
You are leaving, then, are you?
You are leaving.
You are less beautiful than you think.
You are level-headed.
You are liable for the debt.
You are liars.
You are light as a feather, my darling.
You are like Cassandra.
You are like a flower.
You are like a woman because you think that sex is humility.
You are like a young girl I once saw, but whom I never expect to see again.
You are like someone who builds a house from scrap lumber.
You are like the one who builds a house with scrap wood.
You are like your father.
You are listening to English.
You are listening to him.
You are living a dream, and the dream is about to end.
You are looking at me oddly.
You are looking at me strangely.
You are looking for an apartment.
You are looking for your key.
You are looking quite inviting at the moment.
You are losing blood.
You are losing.
You are lost, aren't you?
You are loved and missed throughout the world, man.
You are loved.
You are lucky because he didn't bite you.
You are lucky to have such a beautiful family.
You are lucky to have such a devoted wife.
You are lucky.
You are luring me.
You are lying to me.
You are lying.
You are mad to go out in the snow without a coat.
You are mad to try to do it all alone.
You are mad.
You are made to be a poet.
You are making a big fuss.
You are making a big mistake.
You are making a foolhardy judgment about me.
You are making a mistake by hanging up!
You are making everyone laugh at you!
You are making history.
You are making it harder for actual victims of pedophilia to get help.
You are making it up.
You are making it worse for yourself.
You are making me sweat saying a thing like that.
You are making progress.
You are making spare parts in a car factory, aren't you?
You are making the lives of victims of pedophilia worse by abusing terms like "groomer" and "sexualize" for cheap political points.
You are making things worse for victims of actual pedophilia.
You are manipulative.
You are mankind's last hope.
You are married, are you not?
You are men.
You are merciless.
You are mine.
You are missing the point.
You are mistaken about that.
You are mistaken as to what makes him so nervous.
You are mistaken if you think he is wrong.
You are mistaken!
You are mistaken, my wife is Fernanda.
You are mistaken: he plays double bass, not trombone.
You are monsters!
You are moody.
You are more and more unsympathetic for me.
You are more beautiful than any woman I've ever known.
You are more beautiful than you think.
You are more capable than Tom.
You are more stupid than I thought.
You are more than a friend.
You are more than invited to our party.
You are more than welcome to come over.
You are morons.
You are mortgaging Mary's future.
You are motivated.
You are much more beautiful than Marika. Believe me!
You are much more mature than I!
You are much taller than you used to be.
You are much too far from the microphone.
You are much too kind to me.
You are much too modest.
You are much younger than Tom.
You are my angel.
You are my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.
You are my best friend!
You are my best friend, Lorenzo.
You are my best friend.
You are my brother.
You are my buddy.
You are my children.
You are my closest friend.
You are my daughter.
You are my equal; not my inferior or superior.
You are my eye candy.
You are my father.
You are my first child.
You are my first love.
You are my flesh and blood.
You are my forbidden fruit.
You are my friend, not him.
You are my friend.
You are my friends.
You are my girlfriend.
You are my good friend.
You are my good friends.
You are my grandson.
You are my group of friends.
You are my guests.
You are my guiding star.
You are my happiness.
You are my hero.
You are my hope and support.
You are my inspiration, too.
You are my issue.
You are my king.
You are my last hope.
You are my leader.
You are my life.
You are my love, my angel. Don't treat me like a potato.
You are my mother.
You are my muse.
You are my new sweet coconut.
You are my obsession.
You are my one thing.
You are my only family.
You are my only hope.
You are my only interest.
You are my only resort.
You are my pride and joy.
You are my princess.
You are my prisoner.
You are my property.
You are my queen.
You are my reason for living.
You are my refuge and my shield; I have put my hope in your word.
You are my sand; I am your wave; sweat is our sea.
You are my saviour.
You are my secretary.
You are my servant.
You are my sister.
You are my slave.
You are my soulmate, my partner in crime, and my greatest love. I can't fathom a future where you're not there, for I simply can't live without you.
You are my sunshine!
You are my sunshine.
You are my three best friends.
You are my true friend!
You are my world.
You are naughty.
You are near an explosive material so don't smoke here!
You are neglecting yourself.
You are neither alive nor dead.
You are never alone.
You are never going to believe this.
You are never going to dry the clothes if you leave them in the shade.
You are never short of stories in the United States.
You are never too old to learn a new language.
You are never too old to learn something new.
You are never too old to learn.
You are never wrong.
You are new students.
You are next.
You are nice.
You are nitpicking.
You are no better at remembering things than I am.
You are no daughter of mine.
You are no kin of mine.
You are no longer a baby.
You are no longer a child.
You are no longer a girl, you are already a young lady.
You are no longer a mere child.
You are no longer a student, eh?
You are no longer a young man.
You are no longer a youth.
You are no longer alone.
You are no longer hungry.
You are no longer in charge.
You are no longer in the prime of life.
You are no longer quite certain which side of the fence is a dream.
You are no longer welcome here.
You are no more a god than I am.
You are no relative of mine.
You are no relative to me.
You are no son of mine.
You are no younger than I am.
You are nobody to judge me.
You are nodding over your work.
You are not Japanese.
You are not Romanian language specialists.
You are not a child any more.
You are not a child anymore.
You are not a club member.
You are not a coward.
You are not a doctor.
You are not a dog. Are you a cat?
You are not a genius.
You are not a good person. You know that, right?
You are not a member of the club.
You are not a member of the family.
You are not a penguin.
You are not a student.
You are not a woman.
You are not able to care for yourself.
You are not able to swim, are you?
You are not actually an idiot.
You are not allowed here!
You are not allowed here.
You are not allowed here. This is private property.
You are not allowed in this room.
You are not allowed to buy that without a prescription.
You are not allowed to climb into his car.
You are not allowed to drive on a bus lane.
You are not allowed to enter that room.
You are not allowed to go in there!
You are not allowed to go into that room.
You are not allowed to go out without a mask.
You are not allowed to leave here.
You are not allowed to leave the room.
You are not allowed to park on the sidewalk.
You are not allowed to park there.
You are not allowed to park there. They are going to give you a fine.
You are not allowed to park there. They are going to make you pay a fine.
You are not allowed to ride your bike on the sidewalk.
You are not allowed to simply place large appliances outside.
You are not allowed to smoke at work.
You are not allowed to smoke.
You are not allowed to speak one word, not even a whisper!
You are not allowed to take anything.
You are not allowed to turn left on this street.
You are not allowed to use this car.
You are not allowed to violate the rules.
You are not alone.
You are not always in shape.
You are not an advocate.
You are not an elephant. You are a small animal.
You are not an idiot!
You are not answering the question correctly.
You are not as lucky as her.
You are not as lucky as him.
You are not as rich as that man.
You are not as short as I.
You are not at all what I expected.
You are not at all wrong.
You are not at home.
You are not at the hospital this morning.
You are not authorized to attend the meeting.
You are not authorized to enter there.
You are not beautiful.
You are not being careful.
You are not blind when you see nothing, but when you recognize nothing.
You are not brave.
You are not brooding and existing in your own head.
You are not coming, are you?
You are not coming.
You are not compelled to engage in this situation.
You are not consistent in your actions.
You are not consistent.
You are not doing anything wrong.
You are not dumb.
You are not eating anything.
You are not enjoying your microspot.
You are not entitled to anyone's bandwidth.
You are not entitled to attend the meeting.
You are not even man enough to admit your fault.
You are not excused from the responsibility for this serious situation.
You are not fond of pets, are you?
You are not forced to meddle in this problem.
You are not from Mexico, are you?
You are not from here, obviously.
You are not funny.
You are not going on holiday to New Zealand.
You are not going to Australia to build stores.
You are not going to die here.
You are not going to eat this apple. It is rotten!
You are not going to make it in time for school.
You are not going to put that back.
You are not going to see her again.
You are not going to the picnic and that's final.
You are not going to welcome the guests.
You are not good for my health!
You are not good in topology. Of course, the south of a globe could be at the top.
You are not having difficult time.
You are not here.
You are not his favourite person.
You are not immune to me.
You are not immune to propaganda.
You are not in a legal position to demand anything.
You are not in a position to ask for anything.
You are not in a position to defend yourself.
You are not in a position to make demands.
You are not in my heart.
You are not in our hearts.
You are not in the clear yet.
You are not in the least happy.
You are not in wonderland.
You are not inspiring passenger confidence!
You are not interested in Mary.
You are not invited, so this is not your business.
You are not jealous.
You are not kind.
You are not leaving the office now, are you?
You are not less pretty than her.
You are not local people.
You are not logged in.
You are not looking!
You are not lying.
You are not me.
You are not mine.
You are not missing out on anything.
You are not more stupid because you don't get up earlier.
You are not my brother.
You are not my cousin.
You are not my daughter.
You are not my father.
You are not my favourite person.
You are not my friend.
You are not my mother.
You are not my relative.
You are not my sister.
You are not my son.
You are not my wife.
You are not needed.
You are not obligated to complete the work, nor are you free to abandon it.
You are not obligated to finish your work.
You are not obliged to answer any of these questions.
You are not obliged to get involved in this matter.
You are not obliged to say anything, but anything you do say may be given in evidence against you.
You are not old enough to go swimming by yourself.
You are not old.
You are not older than her.
You are not older than me.
You are not omnipotent.
You are not on this forum to learn languages.
You are not only exacerbating the problems faced by LGBTQ people, but also by child sexual abuse victims.
You are not ordering shit off of Amazon.
You are not our favourite people.
You are not our friend.
You are not perfect.
You are not permitted to bring dogs into this building.
You are not permitted to smoke.
You are not permitted to touch the art.
You are not powerful.
You are not pregnant.
You are not punctual.
You are not ready.
You are not really contributing linguistics in this language-oriented forum. This forum is not a chatroom.
You are not really funny.
You are not really prepared to go on a pilgrimage.
You are not safe from Ohio.
You are not serious.
You are not shorter than I.
You are not still a child.
You are not stupid.
You are not supposed to be an artist.
You are not supposed to play baseball here.
You are not supposed to smoke at school.
You are not supposed to smoke here.
You are not supposed to smoke in here.
You are not taking care of yourself.
You are not the first I see this morning.
You are not the first to make this mistake.
You are not the one I need.
You are not the only one responsible for it, I am too.
You are not the only one who can do that.
You are not the only one who doesn't understand that.
You are not the only one who is dead.
You are not the owner of this save data. You will not be able to save your progression. Trophies will be disabled.
You are not the problem.
You are not thin.
You are not thinking.
You are not tired?
You are not to blame for anything.
You are not to blame for the accident.
You are not to blame, nor is he.
You are not to break the law.
You are not to do that.
You are not to leave this building.
You are not to leave this room without my permission.
You are not to leave this room.
You are not to leave your room.
You are not to neglect your duty.
You are not to sleep in this room.
You are not to smoke here.
You are not to speak to him while he is studying.
You are not to speak to the man at the wheel.
You are not trustworthy!
You are not trustworthy.
You are not trying!
You are not ugly.
You are not under his protection.
You are not used to rolling up your sleeves.
You are not very fat.
You are not very friendly.
You are not very smart, are you?
You are not watching TV now.
You are not welcome in my home anymore.
You are not welcome in this house.
You are not what I imagined.
You are not what you think you are, but you are what you think.
You are not working for free.
You are not yet of age.
You are not young anymore.
You are not your job.
You are not.
You are nothing but a fool! I have to explain everything to you!
You are nothing but a student.
You are nothing like your sister.
You are now among the elite.
You are now an adult.
You are now banned.
You are now breathing manually.
You are now old enough to support yourself.
You are now on the way to recovery.
You are now quite at home in English.
You are number one!
You are nuts.
You are obsessed with LGBTQ. Sexologists know that most people are really bisexual.
You are obviously homophobic.
You are of German nationality.
You are off the point.
You are old enough to be independent of your parents.
You are old enough to behave yourself.
You are old enough to know better than to act like that.
You are old enough to know better.
You are old enough to know better. Behave yourself.
You are old enough to know this.
You are old enough to make your own living.
You are old enough to stand on your own feet.
You are old enough to take care of yourself.
You are old enough to understand this.
You are old.
You are on day 333 of your 30-day trial.
You are on the air!
You are on the air.
You are on the wrong plane.
You are on the wrong train.
You are on top of a Gaussian curve.
You are on top of the car.
You are one disturbed woman!
You are one of my best friends.
You are one of my closest friends.
You are one of the experts in the room when you sit with a mental health professional.
You are one of the most despicable people it has ever been my displeasure to meet.
You are one of the most disgusting people I've ever had the misfortune to encounter. And I mean that in the best possible way.
You are one of the most intelligent people I know.
You are one of the most wonderful people I know.
You are one of us.
You are one stinky dog!
You are one to talk.
You are only a common mortal, who will have to die one day, and you cannot stay here any longer.
You are only a heckler and koch person.
You are only as good as the company that you keep.
You are only causing harm to yourself.
You are only causing harm to yourselves.
You are only harming yourself.
You are only harming yourselves.
You are only hurting yourself.
You are only hurting yourselves.
You are only just in time.
You are only young once.
You are opening the window.
You are originally from Algeria, aren't you?
You are our advocate Tom.
You are our bulwark against anihilation.
You are our last hope.
You are our new neighbor.
You are our one millionth customer.
You are our one thousandth customer!
You are our only hope.
You are our pride.
You are our second child.
You are our thousandth customer!
You are our visitor number one hundred thousand.
You are out of control.
You are out of danger now.
You are out of danger.
You are out of step.
You are overestimating my English level!
You are overworked.
You are paid by the week.
You are pale.
You are part of the problem.
You are partially responsible.
You are pathetic.
You are pedantic.
You are perfect.
You are perfectly normal.
You are perpetually chilly.
You are persona non grata.
You are pitiful.
You are playing hard-to-get.
You are playing the wrong notes.
You are plotting.
You are plump.
You are poison for women.
You are popular kids at school.
You are pregnant already?
You are pregnant.
You are pretty good at this.
You are pretty like a cherry blossom.
You are pretty spoiled.
You are pretty, like a cherry blossom.
You are probably wrong.
You are probably, once again, right.
You are prohibited from smoking here.
You are proud of yourself.
You are prouder than a peacock.
You are provoking me.
You are pulling my leg.
You are pushing matters.
You are qualified to be a doctor.
You are quibbling.
You are quite a man.
You are quite big.
You are quite in the wrong.
You are quite justified in answering him back.
You are quite right.
You are quite skilled at studying in English.
You are quite small.
You are random.
You are rapacious.
You are reading my thoughts.
You are reading this sentence right now.
You are reading.
You are ready to fill your head with new ideas.
You are ready! Let us play!
You are really a genius.
You are really a hopeless idiot, aren't you?
You are really a lost cause.
You are really adorable.
You are really aggressive.
You are really annoying.
You are really clumsy, aren't you!
You are really clumsy, aren’t you!
You are really crafty.
You are really crazy.
You are really demanding.
You are really doing a great job!
You are really dumb!
You are really energetic.
You are really full of curiosity, aren't you?
You are really full of curiosity, aren’t you?
You are really going to forget about your daily routine there.
You are really handsome!
You are really incorrigible!
You are really putting me off.
You are really sad. You have a different view of this world.
You are really serious.
You are really silly.
You are really smart.
You are really so bad.
You are really strong!
You are really talented.
You are really too stupid.
You are really very good.
You are really very productive today.
You are rebels.
You are receiving this information letter because you have been in contact with our firm either as a client, a partner, or a prospect. If you no longer want to be on this list of recipients, please just send us an email with the subject "unregister".
You are recovering so don't work too hard.
You are reliable like a shack in the middle of a hurricane.
You are reliable.
You are religious, right?
You are repulsive.
You are requested not to smoke.
You are required to come here tomorrow.
You are required to do chores that are painful or impossible for your client.
You are required to help your client keep his or her home tidy.
You are required to not smoke.
You are required to provide three months' rent in deposit.
You are required to provide three months’ rent in deposit.
You are required to wear a business suit for this occasion.
You are required to wear a suit and tie to work, aren't you?
You are responsible for completing this work.
You are responsible for the consequences.
You are responsible for the death of the child.
You are responsible for the outcome.
You are responsible for the result.
You are responsible for the results.
You are responsible for this accident.
You are responsible for what you do.
You are responsible for what you have done.
You are responsible for your own future.
You are responsible.
You are rich indeed, but I doubt that you are happy.
You are rich.
You are richer than I am because your pay is double my pay.
You are ridiculous!
You are ridiculous.
You are riding for a fall.
You are right in a way.
You are right to a certain extent.
You are right, after all.
You are right, as always.
You are right.
You are right. He is wrong.
You are right. I will go by taxi.
You are rude!
You are rude.
You are ruined.
You are running fast.
You are running low on fuel.
You are running out of disk space.
You are running.
You are sad.
You are safe here with me.
You are safe here.
You are safe so long as you stay here.
You are safe.
You are satisfied with the argument.
You are satisfied with your life, aren't you?
You are satisfied with your life, aren’t you?
You are saying you intentionally hide your good looks?
You are scared to fall into his hands.
You are scared.
You are scary.
You are screwed.
You are scum.
You are seated between Tom and John.
You are secure from danger here.
You are seeing a man.
You are seeing your friends.
You are seeking a job, aren't you?
You are seeking jobs, aren't you?
You are selling him short.
You are selling your soul.
You are sending me a Japanese doll, right?
You are sensitive about lectures.
You are seriously ill.
You are setting the table.
You are shaking.
You are shallow.
You are sharp.
You are shearing the sheep, aren't you?
You are short.
You are sick and bedridden.
You are sick and confined to bed.
You are sickening!
You are simply unbearable!
You are simply unbelievable.
You are singing now.
You are singing songs for me.
You are sitting between Meg and me.
You are skinny.
You are slandering me in vain.
You are sleeping.
You are sliding on oil.
You are sloth!
You are smart. You must understand that.
You are smarter than that.
You are so Algerian.
You are so annoying!
You are so annoying.
You are so beautiful, inside and out.
You are so beautiful, my love, so beautiful!
You are so beautiful, you do not need to use makeup.
You are so beautiful.
You are so beautiful. What are you doing this evening?
You are so brave!
You are so busted.
You are so childish sometimes.
You are so cold towards your son.
You are so considerate.
You are so courageous!
You are so creative and innovative.
You are so creative, your ideas are always amazing.
You are so cruel to make me decide who should go there.
You are so cute.
You are so dazzlingly beautiful.
You are so dedicated to your work.
You are so dumb.
You are so far away from the real truth.
You are so fast, like the fire brigade.
You are so formal.
You are so fucking sexy.
You are so fucking tight, my God.
You are so full of crap!
You are so full of shit.
You are so funny and the Germans are crazy.
You are so gullible.
You are so hot.
You are so intelligent, I always learn something new from you.
You are so intelligent.
You are so jealous, right?
You are so kind.
You are so lazy!
You are so lucky to have such good friends.
You are so lucky to live here!
You are so lucky to live here.
You are so lucky.
You are so nice to me.
You are so pretentious!
You are so sexy.
You are so smart!
You are so strong.
You are so stupid.
You are so sure about it.
You are so sweet!
You are so talented at playing the guitar.
You are so talented!
You are so talented, don't ever give up on your dreams.
You are so tall!
You are so taunting for no reason!
You are so thoughtful, my dear.
You are so tired that you can't study.
You are so un-Japanese!
You are so white!
You are so wrong it hurts.
You are someone irreplaceable to me.
You are someone very special to me.
You are someone who is needed.
You are something.
You are sorry.
You are soul needs rescue.
You are sparkling.
You are speaking Chinese.
You are speaking a bit too fast for me. Could you please speak more slowly?
You are speaking like a white supremacist.
You are speaking nonsense, my friend.
You are special to me.
You are special.
You are spectacular at speaking English!
You are spinning wool, aren't you?
You are splitting hairs.
You are stepping over a line now.
You are still asking yourself what the meaning of life is?
You are still at risk for sexually transmitted diseases.
You are still eating.
You are still feverish.
You are still full of energy.
You are still keeping secrets, right?
You are still scared.
You are still sick. You have to stay in bed.
You are still so beautiful.
You are still the same ignorant person I met once in the park.
You are still very young.
You are stingy.
You are strangling her.
You are strangling him.
You are stressing me out so much I am going to break your fingers.
You are strong-minded.
You are strong.
You are struggling greater forces!
You are studying Arabic.
You are stupid, and so is he.
You are stupid.
You are such a bad girl.
You are such a boring person.
You are such a coach potato.
You are such a coward.
You are such a crazy driver; you drive me crazy.
You are such a fast typer!
You are such a generous person.
You are such a good friend.
You are such a good listener and advisor.
You are such a great role model.
You are such a hard worker.
You are such a kind person.
You are such a liar!
You are such a liar.
You are such a loser.
You are such a mouse potato.
You are such a nice person! You are so kind to me! Thank you.
You are such a petty person.
You are such a self-promoter.
You are such a slow typer!
You are such a snob.
You are such a sweetheart.
You are such a talented musician.
You are such an egoist!
You are such an idiot!
You are such an idiot.
You are such an insufferable person.
You are suitable for the job.
You are supposed to be back by noon.
You are supposed to come at 7 o'clock.
You are supposed to come at 7 o’clock.
You are supposed to come in person.
You are supposed to go to Tom.
You are supposed to hand in the homework by the end of the week.
You are supposed to hand in the report by the end of this week.
You are supposed to hand in your homework by Friday.
You are supposed to introduce yourselves in turn.
You are supposed to obey the law.
You are supposed to report it to the police as soon as possible.
You are supposed to start dinner.
You are supposed to take off your shoes when entering a house in Japan.
You are sure it was not a house-breaker's jimmy?
You are sure of what you are saying.
You are sure to succeed in time.
You are sure to succeed, whatever you do.
You are surprised.
You are surrounded.
You are suspicious.
You are swimming.
You are taking courses.
You are taking those bags to Bgayet.
You are taking your donkey.
You are taking your final exam, aren't you?
You are talking like a fool.
You are talking through the nose.
You are talking.
You are tall, but he is still taller.
You are tall.
You are taller than I.
You are taller than her.
You are taller than me.
You are taller than she is.
You are taller than she.
You are tallest.
You are taught to never question your teachers.
You are teachers.
You are teaching your grandmother to suck eggs.
You are telling it second hand, aren't you?
You are telling it second hand, aren’t you?
You are temperamental.
You are ten minutes behind the appointed time.
You are ten times better looking than I am.
You are the abbot, and I am the mayor. Who will open the door?
You are the apple of my eye.
You are the backing group.
You are the best guys.
You are the best husband in the world!
You are the best thing that ever happened to me.
You are the best thing that has ever happened to me!
You are the best thing that has ever happened to me.
You are the best.
You are the biggest liar.
You are the blood of my blood.
You are the boss.
You are the butt of everyone's jokes!
You are the carbon they want to reduce.
You are the chosen one.
You are the coach. Not me.
You are the demons.
You are the detective. What would you conclude from these clues?
You are the devil incarnate.
You are the doctor.
You are the expert.
You are the fastest.
You are the father.
You are the fifth wheel on the wagon.
You are the first to arrive.
You are the great love of my life.
You are the greatest father ever.
You are the guardian angel of my solitude.
You are the guilty party.
You are the happiest person on Earth.
You are the hero.
You are the key.
You are the keystone of this business.
You are the kind of guitarist I like to sing with.
You are the king of your house.
You are the last person I expected to see here.
You are the last person I would have expected to see here.
You are the last person that I expected to meet.
You are the last person that I expected to see here.
You are the last person whom I expected to meet here.
You are the latest three tweets that you posted.
You are the laughingstock of everyone!
You are the light of my eyes.
You are the light of my life.
You are the light of the world.
You are the loser who pays for Hustler's university.
You are the losers of the game.
You are the love of my life.
You are the main character in your own movie.
You are the man I've been looking for.
You are the man I’ve been looking for.
You are the man behind the curtain.
You are the man.
You are the master of your own destiny.
You are the mistake.
You are the moon light in my night.
You are the moon of my life.
You are the most beautiful flower in my life.
You are the most beautiful flower of my life.
You are the most beautiful girl I have ever seen.
You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen.
You are the most boring person I know.
You are the most hardworking student.
You are the most important person in my life.
You are the most important person of us all.
You are the most intelligent person I know.
You are the music of my heart.
You are the next in line for promotion.
You are the one I warmed to, the day the frost froze me.
You are the one I'm looking for.
You are the one paying.
You are the one that I want!
You are the one that I want.
You are the one that I was looking for.
You are the one who adores money.
You are the one who bumped into me.
You are the one who solved the problem.
You are the one who warned me.
You are the one.
You are the only adult here.
You are the only human I trust.
You are the only man in the world that I can call my friend.
You are the only one I can trust.
You are the only one I love.
You are the only one I miss.
You are the only one who can carry the bag.
You are the only one who can decide your future.
You are the only one who can help me.
You are the only one who can help us.
You are the only one who can protect them.
You are the only one who can save the world.
You are the only one who really understands me.
You are the only one.
You are the only ones that could save this town.
You are the only person that I know here in Boston.
You are the only person who doesn't remember any dream upon waking up.
You are the only reason I have to finish university!
You are the opposite of Tom.
You are the owner.
You are the person in the front seat of your car. You are the one who decides whether your car goes down a bad path or a good path. You are the one that decides what defines you.
You are the person who best fits the position.
You are the prettiest flower in my life.
You are the problem.
You are the product of that system.
You are the reason I'm here.
You are the reason why I believe in love.
You are the reason why I believe in miracles.
You are the reason why I feel alive.
You are the reason why I smile every day.
You are the reason, Tom.
You are the ruler of your words, but, once said, they rule you.
You are the salt of the earth.
You are the same rascal like Tom.
You are the same!
You are the scum of the earth.
You are the sky. Everything else – it's just the weather.
You are the smartest person I know.
You are the star I contemplate.
You are the steward of your own destiny.
You are the stupidest fellow I've ever met.
You are the sunshine of my life.
You are the sunshine on a cloudy day.
You are the talk of the whole town.
You are the tallest of us all.
You are the tallest one.
You are the teacher.
You are the toki pona book called “pu”!
You are the very man I want to see.
You are the very person I have been looking for.
You are the very person I need.
You are the victor.
You are the weakest link. Goodbye!
You are the wickedest witty person I know.
You are the woman of my dreams.
You are the worst.
You are there from the beginning. Talk me through what happened.
You are thin.
You are thirsty, do you want water?
You are thirsty.
You are three centimeters taller than me.
You are three centimetres taller than me.
You are threshing wheat.
You are tired from doing nothing.
You are tired this evening.
You are tired, and so am I.
You are tired, aren't you?
You are tired, aren’t you?
You are tired.
You are tired? Buy these vitamins!
You are tireless.
You are to apologize to her for it.
You are to be commended for that.
You are to be congratulated for that.
You are to blame for the accident.
You are to blame for the failure.
You are to blame.
You are to clean your teeth before you go to bed.
You are to come here at 9 o'clock tomorrow.
You are to come with me.
You are to do as I tell you.
You are to do it at once.
You are to do that today.
You are to do your homework before supper.
You are to finish this work by the end of this month.
You are to get up earlier.
You are to give up smoking at once.
You are to hand in your assignments by Monday.
You are to hand in your report by 5:00 tomorrow.
You are to obey the captain's rules.
You are to obey your parents.
You are to observe traffic rules.
You are to pay your debt.
You are to return home before nine.
You are to see a doctor at once.
You are to shut the door after you enter a room.
You are to shut the door at once.
You are to start as early as possible.
You are to start at once.
You are to stay here till they return.
You are to stay here until we come back.
You are to stay here.
You are too big.
You are too blind to see the truth.
You are too busy in taking pictures!
You are too clever not to solve the hard problem.
You are too critical of others' shortcomings.
You are too critical of others’ shortcomings.
You are too drunk.
You are too far from the microphone.
You are too foolish!
You are too indifferent to those around you.
You are too inquisitive about other people's affairs.
You are too inquisitive about other people’s affairs.
You are too kind to me.
You are too late.
You are too much letter-bound.
You are too negligent of those around you.
You are too old not to see the reason.
You are too poetic!
You are too ready to speak ill of others.
You are too sensitive to criticism.
You are too sensitive to noise.
You are too skinny!
You are too strict.
You are too tall.
You are too thin!
You are too wise to be seven and a half years old.
You are too young to be in love.
You are too young to marry.
You are too young to travel alone.
You are too, son!
You are trash.
You are treading on her corns.
You are trespassing on private property.
You are trespassing.
You are truly an antidote for my melancholy.
You are truly insatiable.
You are truly one of a kind.
You are truly rude.
You are truly talented.
You are truly very strong.
You are truly well-read to know everything about the poems of the Tang dynasty.
You are trusted by every one of us.
You are trying to compare apples and oranges.
You are trying to kill me.
You are twenty-nine. Not ninety-two.
You are twice as strong as I am.
You are twice as strong as I.
You are twice as strong as me.
You are two years younger than Tom.
You are two years younger than me.
You are two-faced.
You are ugly.
You are unable to mock me.
You are unaware of what occurred.
You are unbeatable!
You are unbelievably dishonest.
You are unbelievably naive.
You are under Tom's protection here.
You are under arrest for housebreaking and theft by night.
You are under arrest for possession of controlled drugs.
You are under arrest for the murder of Tom Jackson.
You are under arrest!
You are under arrest.
You are under her care.
You are under his care.
You are under his protection.
You are under no obligation to divulge that information.
You are under no obligation whatsoever to share this information.
You are under oath.
You are under their care.
You are under their protection.
You are undoubtedly the best swimmer among us.
You are unique, just like everyone else.
You are unique.
You are uniquely talented; it's a shame you haven't learned more.
You are unlikely to find many Maithili speakers in South India.
You are unstoppable!
You are urgently needed in Boston.
You are used to go on industrial strike.
You are used to sleeping in a tent.
You are useless.
You are using the word incorrectly.
You are very aggressive.
You are very annoying.
You are very arrogant.
You are very attractive in blue.
You are very bad in the eyes of Jesu.
You are very beautiful.
You are very brave.
You are very busy.
You are very capable.
You are very competent.
You are very courageous.
You are very creative.
You are very cute boys.
You are very cute children.
You are very cute kids.
You are very cute too.
You are very dear to me.
You are very dependent on everyone.
You are very early this morning.
You are very elegant.
You are very fond of the lunch menu of this restaurant.
You are very fortunate that you have such friends.
You are very full of energy.
You are very funny.
You are very good at it.
You are very good at sewing.
You are very good.
You are very handsome and always so strong.
You are very handsome today.
You are very handsome.
You are very healthy.
You are very insensitive.
You are very inspiring.
You are very intelligent.
You are very introverted.
You are very kind to me.
You are very kind to say so.
You are very kind to show me the way.
You are very kind, but I am fine.
You are very kind, ma'am.
You are very kind.
You are very likely right.
You are very lucky.
You are very nice.
You are very persistent, and that counts for a lot.
You are very pretty in those clothes.
You are very pretty today.
You are very rich.
You are very romantic!
You are very rude.
You are very sexy.
You are very shameless.
You are very shy.
You are very silly to trust him.
You are very similar to him.
You are very slow!
You are very smart.
You are very special to me.
You are very sweet.
You are very talented.
You are very trying to me sometimes.
You are very ugly.
You are very welcome, Ms. Lindsey.
You are very welcome.
You are victors!
You are waging war on multiple communities.
You are waiting for him to show you the way.
You are waiting in vain if you think that one fine day you will wake up and your soul mate will appear in front of your eyes.
You are walking in Melbou.
You are walking in the midst of snares.
You are walking to Kherata.
You are walking too quickly.
You are wandering.
You are wanted on the phone, Mike. It's Jane.
You are wanted on the phone, Mike. It’s Jane.
You are wanted on the phone.
You are warm.
You are washing dishes.
You are washing my apple.
You are wasting a bunch of time.
You are wasting our time.
You are wasting time.
You are wasting your time.
You are watching TV all the time.
You are watching.
You are watering the garden, aren't you?
You are wavering.
You are way off the track.
You are way off track.
You are way out of line.
You are way out of my league.
You are way out of your league.
You are way too intelligent to think you'd be smarter than me.
You are way too kind-hearted and easily deceived.
You are way too kinky for me.
You are weak.
You are wearing a new jumper.
You are wearing expensive earrings.
You are wearing new trousers.
You are wearing your shirt inside out.
You are wearing your socks inside out.
You are weaving a carpet, aren't you?
You are weird.
You are welcome at my place.
You are welcome here!
You are welcome here.
You are welcome to any book in my library.
You are welcome to do anything you like.
You are welcome to join us!
You are welcome to join us.
You are welcome to take a picture or make a drawing of the fossil, then go to one of the visitor centers to see if a park ranger can help you identify it.
You are welcome to the use of my yacht.
You are welcome to the use of our house while we are away on vacation.
You are welcome!
You are welcome, Jack!
You are welcome, Ravi.
You are welcome.
You are welcomed in our class.
You are well aware that Austria has no coast.
You are well educated.
You are well on-track on the road to success.
You are well.
You are what matters to me.
You are what you are.
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do.
You are what you eat.
You are what you like.
You are what you read.
You are who you are in spite of the abuse, not because of it.
You are wicked.
You are wise to be concerned.
You are with me.
You are without conscience!
You are wonderful.
You are working alone.
You are working for a very powerful man.
You are working in Milan.
You are working too hard. Sit down and take it easy for a while.
You are working too hard. Take it easy for a while.
You are worsening the lives of people whose lives are hard enough.
You are worth nothing.
You are worthy.
You are writing.
You are wrong if you think that Tom would do everything for you.
You are wrong in some respects.
You are wrong there.
You are wrong to say that we cannot move about in Time.
You are wrong, however.
You are wrong.
You are wrong. That is not what I said.
You are yawning.
You are young and healthy and you will surely live a long life.
You are young and playful, and everything is easy for you.
You are young boys.
You are young, you will heal quickly.
You are young. I, on the contrary, am very old.
You are young. I, on the other hand, am very old.
You are younger than all of us.
You are your own best friend.
You are your own boss now.
You are your own boss.
You are your own worst enemy.
You are, hands down, the biggest idiot I've ever met.
You are, hands down, the biggest idiot I’ve ever met.
You are, so to speak, a fish out of water.
You are, then, a strange person.
You aren't Algerian, are you?
You aren't Algerian.
You aren't Brazilian, are you?
You aren't Canadian, are you?
You aren't Canadian.
You aren't Japanese.
You aren't Spaniards.
You aren't Tom's type.
You aren't Tom, are you?
You aren't Tom.
You aren't a Canadian, are you?
You aren't a bad person.
You aren't a barber, are you?
You aren't a carpenter, are you?
You aren't a chauffeur, are you?
You aren't a child anymore.
You aren't a city girl, are you?
You aren't a club member.
You aren't a coach, are you?
You aren't a dentist, are you?
You aren't a doctor, are you?
You aren't a farmer, are you?
You aren't a fool and whatever you decide to do will be for a good reason.
You aren't a good liar.
You aren't a hero.
You aren't a mechanic, are you?
You aren't a member of the club.
You aren't a mental health diagnosis; you're a full person with strengths, skills, talents, and the ability to live a full life.
You aren't a millionaire yet, are you?
You aren't a millionaire, are you?
You aren't a monster.
You aren't a morning person, are you?
You aren't a musician, are you?
You aren't a nice person.
You aren't a one-armed man.
You aren't a pilot, are you?
You aren't a policeman, are you?
You aren't a saint either.
You aren't a soldier anymore.
You aren't a spy, are you?
You aren't a spy, right?
You aren't a student here, are you?
You aren't a student, are you?
You aren't a tailor, are you?
You aren't a teacher, are you?
You aren't a teenager yet, are you?
You aren't a very good cook, are you?
You aren't a very good liar, Tom.
You aren't a very good liar.
You aren't a very good mechanic, are you?
You aren't a very good negotiator, are you?
You aren't a very good salesman, are you?
You aren't a very good swimmer, are you?
You aren't a veterinarian, are you?
You aren't a waiter, are you?
You aren't a waitress, are you?
You aren't able to swim, are you?
You aren't actually going to do that today, are you?
You aren't actually going to do that, are you?
You aren't actually going to sing, are you?
You aren't actually suggesting that I go out with another girl, are you?
You aren't actually threatening me, are you?
You aren't afraid of dying, are you?
You aren't afraid of ghosts, are you?
You aren't afraid of heights, are you?
You aren't afraid of me, are you?
You aren't afraid to face the challenges of life.
You aren't afraid to sleep alone, are you?
You aren't afraid, are you?
You aren't afraid.
You aren't allergic to anything, are you?
You aren't allowed in here.
You aren't allowed in there.
You aren't allowed in this room.
You aren't allowed to attend the meeting.
You aren't allowed to bring food into the library.
You aren't allowed to do that anymore.
You aren't allowed to do that anywhere.
You aren't allowed to do that here.
You aren't allowed to do that without a permit.
You aren't allowed to do that, are you?
You aren't allowed to do that.
You aren't allowed to eat that.
You aren't allowed to go into that room.
You aren't allowed to leave the classroom during the exam.
You aren't allowed to park here.
You aren't allowed to park on the sidewalk.
You aren't allowed to park there.
You aren't allowed to record here.
You aren't allowed to smoke here.
You aren't allowed to smoke in here.
You aren't allowed to speak French here.
You aren't allowed to swim at this beach.
You aren't allowed to swim here.
You aren't allowed to swim in this pool until after 7:00 a.m.
You aren't allowed to take photographs here.
You aren't allowed to take photographs.
You aren't allowed to use this car.
You aren't alone anymore, Tom.
You aren't alone anymore, are you?
You aren't alone anymore.
You aren't alone there, are you?
You aren't alone, Tom.
You aren't alone, are you?
You aren't alone.
You aren't always right, are you?
You aren't ambitious enough, Tom.
You aren't an angel as well.
You aren't and never will be Arab.
You aren't angry, are you?
You aren't answering me.
You aren't answering my question.
You aren't any better at remembering things than I am.
You aren't any better than me.
You aren't any younger than I am.
You aren't anything like Tom.
You aren't anywhere near being finished.
You aren't as beautiful as you think you are.
You aren't as cool as you think you are.
You aren't as cool as you think.
You aren't as fast as you said.
You aren't as heavy as I am.
You aren't as lucky as Tom is.
You aren't as poor as I am.
You aren't as poor as me.
You aren't as short as I am.
You aren't as short as me.
You aren't as tall as I am, are you?
You aren't as tall as I am.
You aren't as tall as me, are you?
You aren't as young as I am.
You aren't as young as Tom.
You aren't as young as me.
You aren't asking me to give up, are you?
You aren't asking me, are you?
You aren't at all like Tom.
You aren't attracted to me, are you?
You aren't backing out now, are you?
You aren't bad either.
You aren't bad.
You aren't being fair, are you?
You aren't being fair.
You aren't being helpful.
You aren't being very helpful.
You aren't better than me.
You aren't bleeding.
You aren't blind, are you?
You aren't bored, are you?
You aren't bothering me.
You aren't bruised.
You aren't busy now, are you?
You aren't busy, are you?
You aren't buying any of this, are you?
You aren't buying this, are you?
You aren't close to at jlil.
You aren't cold, are you?
You aren't college material.
You aren't coming, are you?
You aren't consistent.
You aren't cooperating.
You aren't crazy.
You aren't crying, are you?
You aren't cut out for the military because of its rigid discipline.
You aren't dead, are you?
You aren't dead.
You aren't depressed, are you?
You aren't disappointed, are you?
You aren't doing anything now, are you?
You aren't doing anything wrong, are you?
You aren't doing anything wrong.
You aren't doing anything.
You aren't doing so well, are you?
You aren't doing that correctly.
You aren't doing what I asked you to do.
You aren't doing your best, are you?
You aren't doing your best.
You aren't doing your job.
You aren't done yet, are you?
You aren't dressed.
You aren't dressing up this year?
You aren't drinking and driving, are you?
You aren't driving without a license, are you?
You aren't dying, are you?
You aren't dying.
You aren't eating.
You aren't even listening to what I'm saying.
You aren't even trying.
You aren't ever going to do that, are you?
You aren't ever going to leave Boston, are you?
You aren't exactly as tall as Mary.
You aren't expected to be able to do that.
You aren't expected to do that, are you?
You aren't expected to do that.
You aren't expecting Tom to do that, are you?
You aren't expecting me to do that, are you?
You aren't expecting me to help you, are you?
You aren't expecting me to sing, are you?
You aren't far from the truth.
You aren't fat.
You aren't feeling well, are you?
You aren't finished, are you?
You aren't finished.
You aren't fit.
You aren't fluent in Berber yet, but you will be.
You aren't fluent in Berber yet.
You aren't focusing on your health.
You aren't following the rules.
You aren't fooling anybody, are you?
You aren't fooling anybody, except maybe Tom.
You aren't fooling anyone, Tom.
You aren't fooling anyone, Tom. We know it's you.
You aren't fooling me.
You aren't frightened to take on life's problems.
You aren't from around here, are you?
You aren't from here, are you?
You aren't funny.
You aren't getting any younger.
You aren't getting away from me that easily, Tom.
You aren't getting enough sleep.
You aren't giving up, are you?
You aren't going anywhere.
You aren't going dressed like that, are you?
You aren't going like that, are you?
You aren't going out now, are you?
You aren't going out?
You aren't going there by yourself, are you?
You aren't going to Bosnia on vacation.
You aren't going to Ouirdja with him.
You aren't going to at yidir.
You aren't going to believe what happened to Tom.
You aren't going to betray that one.
You aren't going to call my parents, are you?
You aren't going to catch Tom.
You aren't going to catch me.
You aren't going to cry, are you?
You aren't going to die here.
You aren't going to do it, are you?
You aren't going to do that now, are you?
You aren't going to do that, are you?
You aren't going to eat that, are you?
You aren't going to faint, are you?
You aren't going to find Tom.
You aren't going to find anybody better than Tom for the job.
You aren't going to find anyone better than Tom for the job.
You aren't going to get away with this, Tom.
You aren't going to get away with this.
You aren't going to get fired, are you?
You aren't going to get in trouble for helping me, are you?
You aren't going to give up, are you?
You aren't going to have to go alone.
You aren't going to help me, are you?
You aren't going to hurt me, are you?
You aren't going to leave me here, are you?
You aren't going to leave me, are you?
You aren't going to let Tom do that, are you?
You aren't going to let Tom drive, are you?
You aren't going to let Tom swim, are you?
You aren't going to let me sleep, are you?
You aren't going to let them beat you up, are you?
You aren't going to let them do that, are you?
You aren't going to like that, are you?
You aren't going to make it in time for school.
You aren't going to make me drink alone, are you?
You aren't going to open it, are you?
You aren't going to regret this, are you?
You aren't going to school tomorrow, are you?
You aren't going to see Tom today, are you?
You aren't going to sleep, are you?
You aren't going to tell Mary, are you?
You aren't going to tell Tom the truth, are you?
You aren't going to tell Tom, are you?
You aren't going to tell me what I want to know, are you?
You aren't going to tell my parents, are you?
You aren't going to tell on me, are you?
You aren't going to the party dressed like that, are you?
You aren't going to the party like that, are you?
You aren't going to tubiret.
You aren't going to walk, are you?
You aren't going to wear that, are you?
You aren't going yet, are you?
You aren't going, are you?
You aren't good at math.
You aren't good at this, are you?
You aren't guilty.
You aren't happy, are you?
You aren't having much luck, are you?
You aren't helping a lot.
You aren't helping, Tom.
You aren't helping.
You aren't her enemy.
You aren't here.
You aren't hiding anything, are you?
You aren't his enemy.
You aren't hungry, are you?
You aren't hurt, are you?
You aren't hurt.
You aren't in a hurry to the city.
You aren't in a hurry to the valley of the wind.
You aren't in a hurry, are you?
You aren't in any condition to drive.
You aren't in any danger.
You aren't in any trouble, Tom.
You aren't in charge, are you?
You aren't in danger.
You aren't in love with Tom, are you?
You aren't in step with the times.
You aren't in the clear yet.
You aren't in trouble, are you?
You aren't in tune with my feelings.
You aren't in tune with women's emotions.
You aren't interested in anything but Tom.
You aren't invited.
You aren't involved in any case.
You aren't irreplaceable.
You aren't jealous, are you?
You aren't joking, are you?
You aren't just a trauma victim; you're a survivor.
You aren't just working for Tom.
You aren't kidding!
You aren't kidding, are you?
You aren't kids anymore.
You aren't late.
You aren't laying one finger on Tom's money.
You aren't leaving Boston for good, are you?
You aren't leaving Japan for good, are you?
You aren't leaving me here in the middle of the night, are you?
You aren't leaving until tomorrow, right?
You aren't leaving, are you?
You aren't less of a woman because you can't have children.
You aren't like Tom at all.
You aren't like anyone else I know.
You aren't like the other kids.
You aren't like the others.
You aren't likely to be able to convince Tom to do that, are you?
You aren't likely to be able to convince Tom to do that.
You aren't likely to find that word in a dictionary that's this small.
You aren't likely to win, are you?
You aren't listening to what I'm saying.
You aren't listening, are you?
You aren't listening.
You aren't living here.
You aren't living in Boston anymore, are you?
You aren't looking.
You aren't lost, are you?
You aren't mad anymore, are you?
You aren't mad at me anymore, are you?
You aren't mad at me, are you?
You aren't making any sense, Tom.
You aren't making sense.
You aren't married to your therapist, and even if you were, you could still get a new one.
You aren't married to your therapist.
You aren't married, are you?
You aren't me.
You aren't meeting Tom, are you?
You aren't moving back to Australia, are you?
You aren't moving back to Boston, are you?
You aren't much of a talker, are you?
You aren't my children.
You aren't my friend.
You aren't my husband anymore.
You aren't my mother.
You aren't my son.
You aren't my wife anymore.
You aren't my wife.
You aren't needed.
You aren't neutral because you refuse to acknowledge your agenda.
You aren't obligated to come if you don't want to.
You aren't obligated to do that, are you?
You aren't offended, are you?
You aren't often wrong, are you?
You aren't old enough to be doing that.
You aren't old enough to drink, are you?
You aren't old enough to drive yet.
You aren't old enough to drive, are you?
You aren't old enough to get a driver's license, are you?
You aren't old enough to grasp some concepts.
You aren't on the list.
You aren't one of them, are you?
You aren't one of us, are you?
You aren't one of us.
You aren't our friend.
You aren't paying enough attention to your health.
You aren't perfect.
You aren't permitted to bring dogs into this building.
You aren't permitted to do that anymore, are you?
You aren't permitted to do that anymore.
You aren't permitted to do that anywhere.
You aren't permitted to do that here.
You aren't permitted to do that without a permit, are you?
You aren't permitted to do that without a permit.
You aren't permitted to do that, are you?
You aren't permitted to do that.
You aren't planning to go after Tom alone, are you?
You aren't planning to stay up all night, are you?
You aren't qualified to be the leader.
You aren't quite right about that — let me explain.
You aren't ready for a serious commitment.
You aren't ready for this.
You aren't ready to go yet, are you?
You aren't ready to go, are you?
You aren't ready yet, are you?
You aren't ready.
You aren't really a millionaire, are you?
You aren't really a teacher, are you?
You aren't really afraid of me, are you?
You aren't really asking people to believe that, are you?
You aren't really doing that, are you?
You aren't really going to Boston with Tom, are you?
You aren't really going to argue with Tom, are you?
You aren't really going to buy Tom's old tractor, are you?
You aren't really going to buy that, are you?
You aren't really going to do that, are you?
You aren't really going to drive Tom's car, are you?
You aren't really going to eat that, are you?
You aren't really going to get rid of your classic car, are you?
You aren't really going to go camping with Tom, are you?
You aren't really going to go to Boston in Tom's car, are you?
You aren't really going to join the army, are you?
You aren't really going to kill Tom, are you?
You aren't really going to sing that song, are you?
You aren't really going to vote for Tom, are you?
You aren't really going, are you?
You aren't really older than I am, are you?
You aren't really older than me, are you?
You aren't really over thirty, are you?
You aren't really planning on doing that, are you?
You aren't really planning on going, are you?
You aren't really planning on helping Tom, are you?
You aren't really planning on staying here all day, are you?
You aren't really planning on taking pictures, are you?
You aren't really planning to do that tomorrow, are you?
You aren't really planning to do that, are you?
You aren't really planning to go, are you?
You aren't really planning to help Tom, are you?
You aren't really planning to kill Tom, are you?
You aren't really planning to leave before noon, are you?
You aren't really planning to paint your house purple, are you?
You aren't really planning to stay here all day, are you?
You aren't really planning to take pictures, are you?
You aren't really supposed to do that, are you?
You aren't really supposed to do that.
You aren't really that naive, are you?
You aren't really worried, are you?
You aren't related to me, are you?
You aren't replaceable.
You aren't required to do that.
You aren't responsible for Tom anymore.
You aren't responsible for Tom's death.
You aren't responsible for that mess.
You aren't responsible for what Tom did.
You aren't responsible.
You aren't rich, are you?
You aren't rich.
You aren't safe walking alone around here.
You aren't safe.
You aren't satisfied with these results, are you?
You aren't satisfied, are you?
You aren't scared anymore, are you?
You aren't scared of snakes, are you?
You aren't scared, are you?
You aren't scaring me, Tom.
You aren't serious, are you?
You aren't serious.
You aren't seriously considering going, are you?
You aren't sick, are you?
You aren't sick.
You aren't sleepy, are you?
You aren't smarter than us.
You aren't smiling.
You aren't so smart.
You aren't special.
You aren't spontaneous.
You aren't starting to believe this stuff, are you?
You aren't staying here, are you?
You aren't still afraid of dogs, are you?
You aren't still afraid of me, are you?
You aren't still afraid, are you?
You aren't still sore, are you?
You aren't still thinking about what Tom said, are you?
You aren't strong enough, are you?
You aren't studying French, are you?
You aren't stupid.
You aren't stupider because you don't want to.
You aren't suggesting I had anything to do with that, are you?
You aren't suggesting Tom could have done it, are you?
You aren't suggesting Tom could have done that, are you?
You aren't suggesting Tom could've done it, are you?
You aren't suggesting Tom could've done that, are you?
You aren't suggesting Tom did that, are you?
You aren't suggesting Tom didn't do that, are you?
You aren't suggesting we give all the money to Tom, are you?
You aren't superstitious by any chance, are you?
You aren't superstitious by any chance?
You aren't supposed to be doing that, are you?
You aren't supposed to be doing that.
You aren't supposed to be here now, are you?
You aren't supposed to be here, Tom.
You aren't supposed to be here, are you?
You aren't supposed to be here.
You aren't supposed to be in here, are you?
You aren't supposed to be out here, are you?
You aren't supposed to burn trash here.
You aren't supposed to do that that way.
You aren't supposed to do that, are you?
You aren't supposed to go fishing without a license.
You aren't supposed to help Tom do that, are you?
You aren't supposed to know that yet.
You aren't supposed to park here.
You aren't supposed to play baseball here.
You aren't supposed to smoke in here.
You aren't supposed to swim here.
You aren't sure, are you?
You aren't surprised to see me, are you?
You aren't taking it, are you?
You aren't taking that job in Australia, are you?
You aren't taking that job in Boston, are you?
You aren't tall enough, are you?
You aren't tall like I am.
You aren't tall like me.
You aren't telling me the truth, are you?
You aren't telling me the whole truth, are you?
You aren't telling the truth, are you?
You aren't telling us everything, are you?
You aren't that old either.
You aren't that old, Tom.
You aren't that old, are you?
You aren't the absolute holder of the truth, get that into your head.
You aren't the boss.
You aren't the chosen ones.
You aren't the easiest person to live with.
You aren't the first one to say that to me.
You aren't the only Canadian here, are you?
You aren't the only one Tom asked.
You aren't the only one Tom has cheated, are you?
You aren't the only one Tom has cheated.
You aren't the only one capable of playing dirty.
You aren't the only one here from Australia, are you?
You aren't the only one here from Boston, are you?
You aren't the only one here who can speak French, are you?
You aren't the only one here who can't speak French, are you?
You aren't the only one here who wants to go home early, are you?
You aren't the only one hurting here.
You aren't the only one that was hurt, are you?
You aren't the only one that was hurt.
You aren't the only one who bought one of these, are you?
You aren't the only one who cares about Tom.
You aren't the only one who doesn't believe Tom.
You aren't the only one who doesn't like Tom.
You aren't the only one who has had problems with Tom, are you?
You aren't the only one who has had problems with Tom.
You aren't the only one who has to do that, are you?
You aren't the only one who knows how to do that, are you?
You aren't the only one who knows what's going on, are you?
You aren't the only one who likes baseball. Tom and Mary like it, too.
You aren't the only one who likes baseball. Tom likes it, too.
You aren't the only one who likes chess. He likes it, too.
You aren't the only one who needs help.
You aren't the only one who uses this computer, are you?
You aren't the only one who's had problems with Tom.
You aren't the only one who's hungry.
You aren't the only one who's in love with Mary.
You aren't the only one who's not able to do that, are you?
You aren't the only one who's supposed to do that, are you?
You aren't the only woman who has an abusive husband.
You aren't the police, are you?
You aren't the right person for me, according to my father.
You aren't thinking about leaving, are you?
You aren't thinking of enlisting, are you?
You aren't thinking of taking Tom with you, are you?
You aren't thinking straight.
You aren't thinking.
You aren't thirsty, are you?
You aren't thirty.
You aren't threatening to kill me, are you?
You aren't tired, are you?
You aren't to blame.
You aren't to go, Bill.
You aren't too busy to talk, are you?
You aren't too old for Tom.
You aren't too old to do that, are you?
You aren't trying to trick me, are you?
You aren't twins, but you look alike.
You aren't ugly.
You aren't under any obligation to do that.
You aren't upset, are you?
You aren't very ambitious, are you?
You aren't very busy, are you?
You aren't very funny, are you?
You aren't very funny.
You aren't very good at French, are you?
You aren't very good at cooking, are you?
You aren't very good at doing that, are you?
You aren't very good at it, are you?
You aren't very good at math, are you?
You aren't very good at maths.
You aren't very good at speaking French, are you?
You aren't very happy, are you?
You aren't very hospitable.
You aren't very hungry, are you?
You aren't very intelligent.
You aren't very intimidating.
You aren't very likely to succeed this time either, are you?
You aren't very organized, are you?
You aren't very polite, are you?
You aren't very sad.
You aren't very smart, are you?
You aren't very smart.
You aren't watching.
You aren't wearing that to the party, are you?
You aren't wearing your name tag.
You aren't welcome here.
You aren't welcome in my life.
You aren't welcome in this house.
You aren't welcome.
You aren't well, are you?
You aren't well-informed.
You aren't well.
You aren't what I expected.
You aren't working for free.
You aren't working hard.
You aren't worried about the test, are you?
You aren't wrong.
You aren't yet old enough to drink, are you?
You aren't yet old enough to drive, are you?
You aren't young.
You aren't yourself today.
You aren't yourself.
You aren't' really going to ask Tom to do that, are you?
You aren't' really going to do that, are you?
You aren't, by any chance, Tom, are you?
You aren’t a spy, are you?
You aren’t able to conceal the mystery, are you?
You aren’t afraid of ghosts, are you?
You aren’t allowed to mine here.
You aren’t allowed to swim at this beach.
You aren’t allowed to take photographs.
You aren’t busy now, are you?
You aren’t busy, are you?
You aren’t cut out for the military because of its rigid discipline.
You aren’t leaving Japan for good, are you?
You aren’t permitted to bring dogs into this building.
You aren’t quite right about that â€” let me explain.
You aren’t really going to argue with Tom, are you?
You aren’t really going to buy Tom’s old tractor, are you?
You aren’t really going to drive Tom’s car, are you?
You aren’t really going to get rid of your classic car, are you?
You aren’t really going to go camping with Tom, are you?
You aren’t really going to go to Boston in Tom’s car, are you?
You aren’t really going to join the army, are you?
You aren’t really going to kill Tom, are you?
You aren’t really going to vote for Tom, are you?
You aren’t the only one who likes baseball. Tom likes it, too.
You aren’t to go, Bill.
You aren’t yourself today.
You argue with us.
You arouse my jealousy.
You arranged the chairs in a row.
You arrested me.
You arrested the criminals.
You arrive at 2.30 and Mary arrives a bit later.
You arrive early.
You arrive soon, don't you?
You arrive soon, don’t you?
You arrived a bit late.
You arrived at 2.30, and Mary came a bit later.
You arrived at the moment I left.
You arrived before I arrived.
You arrived before I did.
You arrived by car, didn't you?
You arrived early today.
You arrived just in time.
You arrived on time.
You arrived quickly.
You arrived there before Tom.
You arrived there before her.
You arrived there before him.
You arrived there before them.
You arrived there before they did.
You arrived three days ago.
You arrived too early.
You as usual, are misunderstanding.
You as well as I are wrong.
You as well as he are diligent.
You as well, child.
You as well?
You ask Tom a lot of questions.
You ask Tom. I'll ask Mary.
You ask a lot of questions, don't you?
You ask a lot of questions.
You ask a lot, Tom.
You ask dumb questions.
You ask for consent.
You ask in vain for forgiveness; your actions are unforgivable.
You ask me about the nature of the soul.
You ask me how deep my love is for you? The moon represents my heart.
You ask me to do the impossible.
You ask me why I buy rice and flowers? I buy rice to live and flowers to have something to live for.
You ask me, child, what love is? A star in a pile of dung.
You ask questions about everything.
You ask questions, that are unanswerable.
You ask the questions and I'll answer them.
You ask the right questions.
You ask too many questions.
You ask too much of me.
You ask your husbands about love.
You ask yourself far too many questions.
You ask “What is life?” That is the same as asking “What is a carrot?” A carrot is a carrot and we know nothing more.
You ask, I obey.
You asked Maria to look after the kids.
You asked Mary how she'd do that, didn't you?
You asked Mary if she could do that, didn't you?
You asked Mary if she had to do that, didn't you?
You asked Mary if she wanted to do that, didn't you?
You asked Mary if she'd like to do that, didn't you?
You asked Mary to do that by herself, didn't you?
You asked Mary to watch the kids.
You asked Mary why she did that, didn't you?
You asked Mary why she had to do that, didn't you?
You asked Mary why she hadn't done that, didn't you?
You asked Mary why she'd done that, didn't you?
You asked Tom and Mary how they'd do that, didn't you?
You asked Tom and Mary if they could do that, didn't you?
You asked Tom and Mary if they had to do that, didn't you?
You asked Tom and Mary if they wanted to do that, didn't you?
You asked Tom and Mary if they'd like to do that, didn't you?
You asked Tom and Mary to do that by themselves, didn't you?
You asked Tom and Mary why they did that, didn't you?
You asked Tom and Mary why they had to do that, didn't you?
You asked Tom and Mary why they hadn't done that, didn't you?
You asked Tom and Mary why they'd done that, didn't you?
You asked Tom for help, didn't you?
You asked Tom how he'd do that, didn't you?
You asked Tom if he could do that, didn't you?
You asked Tom if he had to do that, didn't you?
You asked Tom if he wanted to do that, didn't you?
You asked Tom if he'd like to do that, didn't you?
You asked Tom not to do that again, didn't you?
You asked Tom not to do that anymore, didn't you?
You asked Tom not to do that here, didn't you?
You asked Tom to do that by himself, didn't you?
You asked Tom to do that for Mary, didn't you?
You asked Tom to do that for you, didn't you?
You asked Tom to do that quietly, didn't you?
You asked Tom to help Mary do that, didn't you?
You asked Tom to help you do that, didn't you?
You asked Tom to play the guitar.
You asked Tom to show you how to do that, didn't you?
You asked Tom to stop doing that, didn't you?
You asked Tom why he did that, didn't you?
You asked Tom why he had to do that, didn't you?
You asked Tom why he hadn't done that, didn't you?
You asked Tom why he'd done that, didn't you?
You asked a question, and now you've answered it yourself.
You asked a question, but now you're answering it yourself.
You asked about her? What did she say?
You asked after her? What did she say?
You asked all the right questions.
You asked for it and I delivered.
You asked for it.
You asked for my advice, so I'm giving it to you.
You asked for my advice.
You asked for my opinion.
You asked for nothing.
You asked for our help.
You asked her to open the window.
You asked if Tom had to do that, didn't you?
You asked me a question. Now, let me answer it.
You asked me for a conversation, sir. I'm listening.
You asked me for help.
You asked me for it.
You asked me for something.
You asked me something.
You asked me the other day what my wishes were.
You asked me to be sincere.
You asked me to be your companion.
You asked me to do that for Tom, didn't you?
You asked me to help.
You asked me to love you.
You asked me to stay. That's why I'm here.
You asked me to talk to Tom, remember?
You asked me what songs I liked.
You asked me what you could do for me.
You asked me, and I've said nothing.
You asked me.
You asked them.
You asked to see me.
You asked to see me?
You asked too many questions.
You asked us not to do that.
You asked us to do that.
You asked us to extend the subscription.
You asked us to trust you.
You asked.
You assemble cranes.
You assemble sewing machines.
You assemble trucks.
You assembled nothing.
You assume we are all sexually stable; while on the other hand, as I have become acquainted with people, I find that they are all perverted sinners, one way or another, that the whole society is corrupt and rotten and repressed and unconscious that it exhibits its repression in various forms of social sadism.
You at least, you can face them!
You at least, you like simplicity!
You ate a little bit of cheese and I ate a lot of it.
You ate a little bit of cheese and I ate a lot.
You ate a little cheese and I ate a lot of it.
You ate a little cheese and I ate a lot.
You ate a piece of cake, didn't you?
You ate all the cheese?
You ate all the waffles?
You ate an apple, yay!
You ate and drank.
You ate breakfast, didn't you?
You ate cabbage.
You ate figs.
You ate it all? But that was for three people!
You ate just one potato chip? Is that even possible?
You ate meat.
You ate my sandwich.
You ate nothing.
You ate olives.
You ate prickly pears.
You ate raisins.
You ate rice.
You ate something, didn't you?
You ate sushi yesterday, didn't you?
You ate sushi yesterday, didn’t you?
You ate the caramel.
You ate tomatoes.
You ate too much.
You ate.
You attach too much importance to what he says.
You attacked Nuja.
You attempted to take my life.
You attend all the meetings.
You attend all the parties.
You attend conferences abroad.
You attended a school for boys.
You attract me like a magnet attracts metal.
You attract more flies with honey than vinegar.
You attract the worst kind of people.
You attracted clients.
You attracted customers.
You attracted the customers.
You authorize your children to watch bad movies.
You authorize your workers to smoke in the office.
You avoid attachment.
You avoid confrontation like it’s a plague.
You avoided the problems.
You awaken primal urges in me.
You back off when it comes to getting serious.
You backed out.
You bake bread in your ovens.
You bake delicious pies.
You bake in your kitchen.
You baked nothing.
You baked some cookies for Tom.
You barely ate anything.
You barely missed it.
You barely touched your food.
You barked.
You bastard, I'll kill you!
You bastard.
You be quiet.
You be the judge of that.
You bear the responsibility for what you do.
You beast!
You beat Tom.
You beat her.
You beat him.
You beat me fair and square.
You beat me to it.
You beat me to the punch.
You beat them, didn't you?
You beat them.
You became a father to a beautiful little girl.
You became a monster!
You became aggressive.
You became agitated.
You became black.
You became defensive.
You became distant.
You became invisible.
You became livid.
You became pregnant.
You became rich.
You became unavailable.
You became vulnerable.
You become a writer by writing.
You become accustomed to it.
You become old too soon, and prudent too late.
You become what you hate, or what you suffer.
You become what you think about all day long.
You become wiser if you travel.
You befooled me.
You began to cry.
You began to learn Esperanto.
You began to play an old song.
You begged for alms.
You behave like a spoiled child.
You behave odiously towards me, a woman.
You behave yourself while I'm gone.
You behaved responsibly.
You behaved rudely.
You being there for me is what keeps me going.
You being there makes it all better!
You believe Tom will win, don't you?
You believe Tom, don't you?
You believe doing that would be a mistake, don't you?
You believe everything you read.
You believe everything.
You believe he is a good doctor, and he is indeed.
You believe her, don't you?
You believe him completely.
You believe him, don't you?
You believe in Tom.
You believe in angels; why do demons seem far-fetched?
You believe in god.
You believe in the moon?
You believe it's roses and rainbows, but it's not the case.
You believe it, don't you?
You believe me, don't you?
You believe that Tom can do that, don't you?
You believe that Tom can win, don't you?
You believe that because your leader said it.
You believe that it is grammatically correct by what logic?
You believe that love is transcendent and eternal.
You believe that, don't you?
You believe them, don't you?
You believe what I'm telling you, don't you?
You believe what you see.
You believed Tom, didn't you?
You believed her.
You believed him.
You believed in God.
You believed it was unimportant.
You believed that.
You believed you were going to die in that place!
You belong at home with your family.
You belong in a better place than this.
You belong on another planet.
You belong to me.
You belong to the next generation.
You belong to which household?
You belong with us.
You best be careful where you step.
You best be off to sleep now.
You best believe.
You best go off to sleep now.
You bet I was surprised.
You bet I'm angry.
You bet I'm going.
You bet I'm worried.
You bet your ass!
You bet your sweet life!
You betcha!
You betrayed me and I'll hold it against you for the rest of our lives.
You betrayed me and then you escaped.
You betrayed me.
You betrayed me. Why?
You betrayed my trust.
You betrayed us all.
You betrayed us, Tom.
You betrayed us.
You betrayed your country.
You betrayed yourself.
You better avoid Tom today. He got up on the wrong side of bed this morning.
You better be honest with me, or else I'll tell our mother.
You better be ready for that.
You better believe it!
You better believe it.
You better brush up your English if you go to America.
You better buy that book.
You better call him.
You better calm down, Tom.
You better calm down.
You better change your ways.
You better change.
You better check yourself before you wreck yourself.
You better come.
You better cough up the money, or else.
You better decide if it's the place for you.
You better do your homework.
You better eat breakfast.
You better get in the car. I'm warning you.
You better get some sleep.
You better get that tent set up before the sun completely sets.
You better give me some money.
You better give me your badge and your gun. You're suspended.
You better go ahead. Don't wait for me.
You better go and see a psychiatrist.
You better go back to your room.
You better go before you hurt yourself.
You better go get dressed now.
You better go get dressed.
You better go home.
You better go to your room.
You better go.
You better hand me the check you owe me or that's the cops I'm going to next.
You better have a good explanation for this.
You better hide somewhere.
You better hide.
You better hope your boss doesn't get wind of this.
You better hurry, buddy.
You better hurry.
You better know what you're doing.
You better learn how to follow rules.
You better let me go right night.
You better mind your own business.
You better not be sleeping in there.
You better not do that!
You better not do that. I know where your parents live.
You better not eat that pear if you have diabetes.
You better not get closer.
You better not have eaten that pie!
You better not mess this up.
You better not open your mouth.
You better not oppose Tom that much. He's scary when he's mad.
You better not tell Dad.
You better not tell Mom.
You better pay up!
You better put on some clothes first.
You better put on some clothes.
You better run.
You better shut up and stay calm. If they realize we're here, they'll kill all the men and rape all the women.
You better shut up and stay out of this.
You better shut up.
You better shut your mouth.
You better sleep.
You better start packing your bags before I pack them for you.
You better stay out of my way or else...
You better stay silent!
You better stop messaging me.
You better tell me the truth.
You better tell the truth.
You better think again.
You better think of another way.
You better watch your back!
You better watch your back.
You better win.
You biked home, didn't you?
You bit off more than you could chew.
You bit the hand that fed you.
You bitch!
You blame Tom for everything.
You blamed others for your own failure.
You blew a red light and two stop signs.
You blew it, Tom.
You blindly love her, and are unable to see any flaws.
You blocked me on Facebook, and now you're going to die.
You blockhead!
You boil water in an oven.
You boil water to cook eggs.
You boil water to kill all the microbes in it.
You boiled nothing.
You bombed your speech.
You boob! I should not have asked you.
You bore me.
You borrow a book.
You borrow books.
You borrow jewels from your friends.
You borrow money from Taninna.
You borrow pens from your friends.
You borrowed nothing.
You both are correct.
You both are important for me.
You both are right.
You both chop wood every day, don't you?
You both crossed the line this time.
You both did fine.
You both did this to him.
You both did very well.
You both did well.
You both got Ds.
You both hate me, don't you?
You both have some explaining to do.
You both have to do that.
You both look like you're having fun.
You both love each other, don't you?
You both need to do that.
You both need to get away.
You both need to leave.
You both ought to do that.
You both saw me, didn't you?
You both seem afraid.
You both seem bitter.
You both seem tired.
You both seem to get on well.
You both seem very young.
You both should do that.
You both want the same thing, right?
You bother me.
You bothered him.
You bought Tom a gift, right?
You bought a bottle of wine, didn't you?
You bought a brand-new car?
You bought a coat yesterday, didn't you?
You bought a lot of jewels.
You bought a low quality leather jacket.
You bought a macaw.
You bought a new car?
You bought a new house.
You bought a new vacuum cleaner.
You bought a parrot.
You bought a very small funnel.
You bought an expensive coat, didn't you?
You bought an expensive coat.
You bought an expensive umbrella for Mary.
You bought an old truck.
You bought bread.
You bought candles, didn't you?
You bought it for Tom, didn't you?
You bought it for Tom, right?
You bought it from Tom, didn't you?
You bought it, didn't you?
You bought it.
You bought me a beer, remember? Now, let me buy you one.
You bought me a gift?!
You bought nothing.
You bought rolls, I hope.
You bought some bread.
You bought something for Mary.
You bought something.
You bought sunflower oil, but I asked you to buy olive oil.
You bought that.
You bought the food, so if I buy the wine that will even things up.
You bought the last round of drinks. Now it's my turn.
You bought the ticket for the train?
You bought these articles at too high a price.
You bought things you didn't need again.
You bought too much bread.
You bought too much milk.
You bought us some time.
You bought, the women bought.
You bowed down.
You bowed your head.
You boycotted merchandise from that country.
You boys ought to be ashamed of yourselves.
You boys ought to be ashamed.
You brag more than a mouse on cheese.
You braked.
You break it, you bought it.
You break it, you buy it.
You break my heart.
You break the law.
You breathe.
You bring joy to my life in every way.
You bring joy to my life.
You bring joy to my life; losing you would leave an empty space.
You bring me to life...
You bring nothing but shame to your family.
You bring out a side of me that I don't like at all.
You bring out the best in me and make me strive to be a better person. With you, I have found my true happiness. You're my everything.
You bring out the best in me.
You bring the bagels.
You bring the donuts.
You bring your women here. Why can't I bring my girlfriends?
You broke Mom's favorite vase. You've really done it this time.
You broke Tom's heart.
You broke cover.
You broke everything!
You broke her heart.
You broke his heart.
You broke into my territory. Now I must shoot you.
You broke it again!
You broke it, you fix it.
You broke it.
You broke me.
You broke my arm.
You broke my cup.
You broke my hand.
You broke my heart.
You broke my nose.
You broke my toy!
You broke nothing.
You broke the Internet.
You broke the computer. Nice going, Einstein.
You broke the computer. Nice going, genius.
You broke the glasses.
You broke the law.
You broke the rule.
You broke the rules.
You broke the stove.
You broke the table you were sitting on.
You broke the washing machine.
You broke the window.
You broke the world record.
You broke the yolk.
You broke up the old furniture.
You broke up with me because of him, didn't you? You're gonna regret this.
You broke your arm when you were a teenager, didn't you?
You broke your arm.
You broke your leg.
You broke your promise.
You broke your promises.
You brought Tom here yesterday.
You brought a parrot.
You brought an umbrella.
You brought apple from the tree.
You brought dinner, didn't you?
You brought her cognac?
You brought him some cognac?
You brought in clients.
You brought in customers.
You brought it on yourself.
You brought it over?
You brought me something.
You brought me two pens of the same color.
You brought nothing back.
You brought nothing in.
You brought nothing out.
You brought nothing.
You brought some water.
You brought them here, didn't you?
You brought this on yourself!
You brought this on yourself.
You brought this upon yourself.
You brought trouble upon yourself.
You brought yours, didn't you?
You brush your teeth.
You brushed your teeth.
You brutally murdered Mina.
You built a factory out there? Good for you. But I want to be clear. You moved your goods to market on the roads the rest of us paid for. You hired workers the rest of us paid to educate.
You built a house out of wood.
You built it, didn't you?
You built that all by yourself?
You built that cottage yourself.
You bumped into me.
You buried her.
You buried nothing.
You buried the lede.
You burned it.
You burned the French fries.
You burned the paper.
You burned yourself, didn't you?
You burned yourself.
You burned.
You burnt a hole in my coat with your cigarette.
You burnt nothing.
You burped loudly.
You burst out laughing.
You butchered that totally.
You buy a lot of things.
You buy a pencil for him.
You buy and sell.
You buy bread.
You buy stamps at the tobacco shop.
You buy us batteries.
You cackled.
You call him over!
You call it soda and she calls it coke, but I call it pop.
You call it thirst for adventure, and I call it irresponsibility.
You call me an Impostor! And why?
You call me if anything else happens.
You call me just when you need me.
You call me lazy? Ha! I devised a way to acquire anything I need from the comfort of my chair with just the ring of a bell! I call it: my little sister. Genius, isn't it?
You call that a bed?
You call that a marriage?
You call that an ultimatum?
You call that an upgrade? It's more of a downgrade, if you ask me.
You call that dancing?!
You call that music? To me it's no more than noise.
You call them mavericks; I call them cowboys.
You call this art? It's just a splotch of paint on a canvas!
You call this easy?
You call this hard?
You call this propaganda?
You call yourself a Berber teacher?
You call yourself a debater?
You called Tom "the mouse."
You called Tom.
You called me a coward.
You called me a traitor.
You called me at bad time. Sorry, I'm busy.
You called me in the middle of the night.
You called me rich, not because of my character.
You called me.
You called the police.
You called the wrong number.
You called us, didn't you?
You called us.
You called your grandfather.
You called your son "Tom".
You called your son Tom.
You called, Your Majesty?
You called.
You called?
You came across somebody stronger than you.
You came alone today?
You came around to it.
You came at a good time.
You came at five.
You came at just the right moment.
You came at just the right time.
You came at the right time.
You came back after a short while.
You came back empty-handed.
You came back.
You came by bus, didn't you?
You came by car, didn't you?
You came by car, right?
You came by train, didn't you?
You came by train, right?
You came despite my ban.
You came down from the seventh floor.
You came first.
You came here because you wanted to know the truth.
You came here to swim, right?
You came here yesterday, didn't you?
You came here. I am sure of it.
You came home at 5:00.
You came home.
You came in late.
You came in through the window.
You came in time, yet you were late. You should've come in advance.
You came in.
You came into my room.
You came just in time.
You came late.
You came on Monday and left again the next day.
You came on Monday, and left again the following day.
You came on Monday, leaving again the following day.
You came on foot, didn't you?
You came on time, yet you were late. You should've come ahead of time.
You came on too strong.
You came out of the room.
You came out of your nap.
You came prepared.
You came running.
You came so quickly.
You came through for me in my hour of need.
You came to Bergerac every summer!
You came to Greece and you didn't tell me.
You came to the exhibition here yesterday.
You came to the right place.
You came to the wrong house to start criticizing me.
You came to work with Tom this morning.
You came too early.
You came too late.
You came too soon.
You came up with that yourself, didn't you?
You came when I was thirty.
You came with your brother.
You can absolutely do everything you just told me.
You can accelerate as much as you want, but since the car's in neutral, we won't be going anywhere.
You can access the kitchen through this door.
You can accomplish amazing things.
You can accomplish this.
You can achieve anything you set your mind to.
You can achieve more if you have bigger dreams.
You can activate the lower trap with an over-the-shoulder bar raise.
You can add a literal translation.
You can add coconut to it.
You can add comments to sentences.
You can add cream of tartar to baking soda if you're out of baking powder, but it won't work as well.
You can add new sentences.
You can add sentences that you can't translate yourself. Maybe someone else can translate them!
You can add sentences that you do not know how to translate.
You can add sentences that you do not know how to translate. Perhaps someone else will know!
You can add sentences that you do not know how to translate. Perhaps someone else will know! If you can, so much the better.
You can add sentences that you do not know how to translate. Perhaps someone else will know! Please do not forget capital letters and punctuation! Thank you.
You can add sentences that you do not know how to translate. Perhaps someone else will know.
You can add sentences to "public lists".
You can add sentences to your favorites list attached to your profile.
You can add sentences whose translations you don't know. Maybe someone else knows them. Please pay attention to uppercase and lowercase letters and punctuation! Thank you.
You can add sentences you don't know how to translate.
You can add sentences you don’t know how to translate.
You can add sesame seed oil or some seasoning.
You can add tags.
You can add this page to your web browser's favorites so you can come back to it later.
You can add whatever toppings you like to the pizza.
You can add whatever you want.
You can add your sentences to the "favorites", and from there admire how they are translated by others.
You can address me informally.
You can address the very real, clear and present material evils of Zionist oppression without erasing Jewish history and culture.
You can adduce studies and reports all you like, but their sophistry will always win out.
You can adjust game configuration options when starting the game for the first time.
You can adjust the color on the TV by turning this knob.
You can adjust the flow rate on the faucet.
You can adjust the height and gradient.
You can adjust the seat height by moving the adjustment lever up.
You can adjust the temperature limiter.
You can adjust the water pressure by turning the faucet.
You can adjust this desk to the height of any child.
You can adjust this seat.
You can adopt any of the non-native sentences I created.
You can afford it.
You can afford to relax.
You can afford to speak frankly.
You can all be inducted into the new administration.
You can all come with me.
You can all help.
You can all leave.
You can also buy a book for your journey at the railway station.
You can also buy reading material at the station.
You can also buy something to read on the journey at the station.
You can also cast a postal vote.
You can also cast your vote by post.
You can also do it like that, of course.
You can also do it like that.
You can also do it like this.
You can also do it that way, of course.
You can also do it this way.
You can also do this.
You can also drag and drop any file into the Recycle Bin to delete it.
You can also eat it raw.
You can also fertilize orchids -- but not too much. Too much fertilizer can also kill the roots.
You can also find many books in various formats at Project Gutenberg.
You can also get the weather forecast by telephone.
You can also go up with the elevator.
You can also go up with the lift.
You can also leave that sort of decision to your daughter.
You can also link any two sentences with this URL.
You can also pay in euro.
You can also read how archaeologists working in the field investigated thousands of years of trade and life around the Black Sea. And there's even an exhibit showcasing almost 3,000 years of piercing, tattooing and other body mods.
You can also replace the mascarpone with cream.
You can also reverse what is said below left and right.
You can also ride on an old, restored, steam train.
You can also use the Ctrl+Alt+R keyboard shortcut.
You can also vote by post.
You can also vote by postal ballot.
You can always add an alternative translation.
You can always ask Tom for help.
You can always ask a question in return.
You can always ask for Tom's help.
You can always ask for Tom’s help.
You can always ask for her help.
You can always ask for his help.
You can always ask her for help.
You can always ask him for help.
You can always ask me for help.
You can always ask us for help.
You can always bank on me.
You can always be relied upon.
You can always buy another one.
You can always call me.
You can always call or text me.
You can always change it.
You can always come back here anytime you want.
You can always come back.
You can always come here.
You can always contact me.
You can always count on Holmes in any emergency.
You can always count on Tom in any emergency.
You can always count on Tom.
You can always count on a friend.
You can always count on her.
You can always count on him in any emergency.
You can always count on him.
You can always count on me.
You can always count on them.
You can always count on us.
You can always depend on Tom to help.
You can always depend upon her to help.
You can always drape your jacket over your chair if you need a place to put it.
You can always find an infinity more infinite than another infinity.
You can always find baked goods somewhere on my grocery list.
You can always find me here on Mondays.
You can always find plenty of wood shavings in the carpenter's workshop.
You can always find someone to practice Berber with online.
You can always improve.
You can always manufacture a myth to start a war of aggression.
You can always pour out your heart to a good friend.
You can always preset it.
You can always quit the job.
You can always reckon on me.
You can always rely on Jane to tell it like it is.
You can always rely on Tom.
You can always rely on her.
You can always rely on him.
You can always rely on me.
You can always rely on them.
You can always ride the elevator.
You can always run!
You can always run, you'll never make it.
You can always see the same there.
You can always sleep on my couch.
You can always talk to me.
You can always tell a man by the kind of woman that is with him.
You can always tell if Tom and Mary are lying.
You can always tell if Tom is lying.
You can always tell what any individual wants most by what he does.
You can always tell when a ruler of the shadow government dies of natural causes due to the shuffling of power.
You can always text Tom.
You can always text her.
You can always text him.
You can always text me.
You can always text them.
You can always text us.
You can always think of me as your daughter.
You can always try doing it by yourself.
You can always try doing that by yourself.
You can always try doing that by yourselves.
You can always use a girl to secure your fortune.
You can always use my dictionary.
You can always use some extra cash.
You can always use your phone.
You can and will.
You can answer it.
You can answer me whenever you like.
You can answer this question from various angles.
You can answer, can’t you?
You can appeal to the court.
You can apply for a physical fitness test regardless of your age.
You can apply for an extension for your essay if you have mitigating circumstances such as an illness or bereavement.
You can apply for debt relief.
You can apply informally any time.
You can arrive at a compromise.
You can ask Diana to come over and spend the afternoon with you and have tea here.
You can ask Tom about anything.
You can ask Tom about that.
You can ask Tom for help.
You can ask Tom yourself if you want.
You can ask Tom yourself tomorrow when you see him.
You can ask Tom yourself.
You can ask Tom.
You can ask Tom. He saw it, too!
You can ask a question to that teacher.
You can ask any price.
You can ask anyone, and they'll tell you the same thing.
You can ask for help if you don't understand something in class.
You can ask for help if you need it.
You can ask for whoever you want to.
You can ask her for help.
You can ask her yourself.
You can ask him for help.
You can ask him yourself, Mary, if you want.
You can ask him yourself.
You can ask him.
You can ask me about anything you want to know.
You can ask me about anything you want.
You can ask me any question about Islam.
You can ask me anything you like.
You can ask me anything you want.
You can ask me anything.
You can ask me questions about the homework.
You can ask more questions later.
You can ask questions at the meeting.
You can ask questions if you don't understand.
You can ask questions in a moment.
You can ask questions later.
You can ask that child that's playing over there.
You can ask the Court of Justice to undo an act.
You can ask the child that is playing over there.
You can ask the child who is playing over there.
You can ask the child who's playing over there.
You can ask the child who’s playing over there.
You can ask them for help.
You can ask them yourself.
You can ask whoever you want.
You can ask your teacher for extra help in school.
You can assemble the dollhouse.
You can assume an expert knows their field well.
You can attend college fairs and information sessions at school.
You can attend school assemblies and pep rallies.
You can attend school dances and proms.
You can avoid foodborne illness by having separate cutting boards for meat and vegetables.
You can avoid stomach ailments by drinking purified water and always washing your hands before eating.
You can avoid this kind of problem if you bear these tips in mind.
You can baffle them with a simple question.
You can bank on me.
You can bank on that.
You can barely see the paint on the road.
You can be Muslim and still be imperfect.
You can be a Muslim.
You can be a bit of a prick sometimes.
You can be a bit of an airhead.
You can be a real jerk sometimes.
You can be a real nuisance when you want to.
You can be anything you want to be when you grow up.
You can be anything you want.
You can be arrested at any time.
You can be as loud as you want.
You can be assertive in a respectful way.
You can be assured that I'll do that.
You can be beautiful at any size.
You can be both kind and firm. One does not preclude the other.
You can be charged with child endangerment for driving while intoxicated if you're carrying passengers younger than 15 years old.
You can be charged with criminal assault without actually touching the victim.
You can be completely open with me.
You can be dismissed for dishonesty.
You can be forgiven for that.
You can be frank with me.
You can be frank with us.
You can be happy if you want.
You can be hasty in your decisions.
You can be noticed by a lot of people.
You can be our guitarist.
You can be pretty charming when you want to be.
You can be pretty helpful when you want to be.
You can be pretty tough yourself.
You can be proud of that.
You can be such a drama queen, Tom.
You can be such a drama queen.
You can be such a jerk sometimes.
You can be sure I will not hurt you but you should know I will not forgive you.
You can be sure of it.
You can be sure of that.
You can be sure that the money you give them will be put to good use.
You can be sure this made me very upset.
You can be sure this money will be put to good use.
You can be very good.
You can be very sure!
You can be whatever you want to be.
You can believe Tom.
You can believe her.
You can believe him.
You can believe him. He's not an untrustworthy person.
You can believe his report to a certain degree.
You can believe in the pipe dream of modern medicine curing diseases or just stop eating processed food.
You can believe it if you want to.
You can believe it if you want, but I choose not to.
You can believe it if you want.
You can believe it.
You can believe me, because I heard this news first hand.
You can believe me.
You can believe what you like.
You can believe what you want to about me, but that doesn't mean it's true.
You can believe what you want.
You can believe whatever you wanna believe.
You can believe whatever you want.
You can bet Tom knows plenty about Mary.
You can bet on that.
You can bet your ass he's gonna win.
You can bet your boots on that.
You can bet your life on that.
You can bite off more than you can chew.
You can blame it all on Tom.
You can blame me for what happened.
You can blame me.
You can blame that on me.
You can blame yourself.
You can bleach and dye your hair at home.
You can block people's view of the world using a newspaper.
You can bond with others while fishing.
You can book a hotel room on this site.
You can borrow Mary's mittens.
You can borrow a copy from any public library.
You can borrow an umbrella if you need one.
You can borrow it from Tom.
You can borrow mine.
You can borrow my banjo if you want to.
You can borrow my banjo if you want.
You can borrow my banjo.
You can borrow my bicycle for a few days.
You can borrow my camera, but it's quite old.
You can borrow my car anytime.
You can borrow my car if you want.
You can borrow my car until you make enough money to buy your own car.
You can borrow my car whenever you want to.
You can borrow my car whenever you want.
You can borrow my car.
You can borrow my pen.
You can borrow my poncho if you want to.
You can borrow the keys as long as you return them.
You can borrow these books from the library for a week.
You can borrow three books at a time.
You can both achieve your goals together.
You can both burn in hell.
You can bring a date if you want.
You can bring a guest to the meeting.
You can bring anyone you like.
You can bring it here.
You can bring it home as long as you give me your borrower's card.
You can bring them with you, if you want.
You can bring us all back something to eat.
You can browse sentences by language, with the latest submissions listed first.
You can browse sentences by their tags.
You can browse through sentences.
You can build a camera obscura with a shoe box.
You can build a doghouse.
You can build a greenhouse.
You can build a pinhole camera with a shoe box.
You can build a treehouse.
You can build anything with Legos.
You can buy a good dog with money, but you don’t get a wagging tail to go with it.
You can buy a new car with the bonus you're going to get.
You can buy a new one next week.
You can buy a ticket en route.
You can buy a ticket on the train.
You can buy all kinds of groceries at the supermarket.
You can buy all kinds of newspapers at the bookstore.
You can buy almost everything in the big department store.
You can buy and read any kind of book at any time.
You can buy anise tea at the pharmacy.
You can buy any magazine from this shelf.
You can buy any of these books.
You can buy anything you want, as long as it doesn't cost more than three hundred dollars.
You can buy anything you want.
You can buy cuttlefish at the fish market.
You can buy gifts in a shop.
You can buy good stuff here.
You can buy it at any bookstore.
You can buy it at newsstands.
You can buy it at the bookshop.
You can buy it for a thousand yen or so.
You can buy it here.
You can buy it yourself.
You can buy newspapers at the newsagent's.
You can buy now and pay later with credit.
You can buy stamps at any post office.
You can buy that dog if you want to. It is for sale.
You can buy the magazine Paris-Match at the stand on the street corner.
You can buy the ticket from the vending machine too.
You can buy these in Australia.
You can buy this in Algeria for a fraction of its price here in Canada.
You can buy this in Algeria.
You can buy this mascara anywhere.
You can buy tickets at the railway station.
You can buy tickets at the station.
You can buy whatever you want.
You can buy whichever you like, but not both.
You can buy wine here.
You can buy yourself a dog in that store.
You can cage the singer but not the song.
You can call a cat a small tiger, and a tiger a big cat.
You can call it what you like.
You can call it whatever you want.
You can call me "tú."
You can call me Bob please.
You can call me Bob.
You can call me Sami.
You can call me Tom if you want.
You can call me Tom, by the way.
You can call me Tom.
You can call me Urso.
You can call me Ziri, by the way.
You can call me any time.
You can call me anytime you like.
You can call me anytime you want.
You can call me anytime.
You can call me at any time you like.
You can call me at any time.
You can call me at whatever time you want.
You can call me by my first name.
You can call me for anything you need.
You can call me on this number at any time.
You can call me this afternoon if you want.
You can call me tonight.
You can call me whatever you want.
You can call me when you want.
You can call me whenever you want.
You can call me.
You can call off the search.
You can call something bad without calling it the Holocaust.
You can call something bad without comparing it to the Holocaust.
You can call this off any time you like.
You can call us at any time.
You can cancel at any time.
You can cash your check at this window.
You can cast your vote at a polling station.
You can catch COVID-19 from kissing­.
You can catch a variety of fish while fishing.
You can catch and release fish while fishing.
You can catch bigger fish while deep sea fishing.
You can catch different species of fish while fishing.
You can catch different types of fish while fishing.
You can catch fish at different times of the day while fishing.
You can catch fish for food while fishing.
You can catch fish for scientific research while fishing.
You can catch fish in different weather conditions while fishing.
You can catch fish of different sizes while fishing.
You can catch me later.
You can catch mono from kissing­.
You can catch more flies with honey than vinegar.
You can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.
You can catch more flies with honey.
You can catch rare fish while fishing.
You can certainly call him a pushover, but not a coward.
You can certainly rely on him.
You can certainly run fast.
You can certainly swim in the lake, but there is no sense in doing so.
You can chain me, you can torture me, you can even destroy this body, but you will never imprison my mind.
You can change it for another one.
You can change it if you like.
You can change lives.
You can change that if you want.
You can change that yourself.
You can change that.
You can change the color of the image by twisting this switch.
You can change the future yet.
You can change the interface language in the settings.
You can change the language in the settings.
You can change the outcome.
You can change the world, just one mail bomb at a time.
You can change them if you like.
You can change your mind if you want to.
You can change your name if you have good reasons to. And I'm sure you have, Tom!
You can change your social condition through hard work.
You can change.
You can charge your phone here.
You can charge your phone or tablet here.
You can charge your phone over there.
You can charge your phone there.
You can check my music out on Spotify — just search in the ‘artist’ category for “Alex Sharp Cole.”
You can check online how long the shops are open.
You can check out that video out there.
You can check these things yourself.
You can check with Tom.
You can chime in here.
You can choose a path, but not the people you'll meet on it.
You can choose any color.
You can choose between dark mode and light mode.
You can choose between mashed potatoes or rice as a side dish for the meals.
You can choose either the fruit salad or the cheese.
You can choose from several options.
You can choose from six meals.
You can choose one of the two.
You can choose one of them.
You can choose something - and it's on us.
You can choose something at our expense.
You can choose to do this, you can choose not to do it.
You can choose whatever name you like for the two types of government. I personally call the type of government which can be removed without violence "democracy", and the other "tyranny".
You can choose whatever you like.
You can choose whichever color you like.
You can choose your friends, but you can't choose your family.
You can claim back your traveling expenses.
You can clean a paintbrush with turpentine.
You can clean the faucet with soap and water.
You can clean up. Just don't throw anything away.
You can clean with baking soda.
You can clean your room yourself.
You can clearly make out Devaki's face in the video clip.
You can clearly see he is crazy. He doesn't believe in astrology.
You can clearly see what comes out when an English beginner tries to form a sentence in English. At that stage of learning the best thing for him to do is, I repeat, make sentences in Russian, translate them to English and get them fixed here if need be.
You can click on a sentence, modify it, or replace it with another sentence.
You can click on the pen to change sentences afterwards.
You can close your eyes to reality but not to memories.
You can close your eyes to reality, but not to memory.
You can collect the goods from us if you like; otherwise we'll gladly send them to you.
You can come along if you want.
You can come along.
You can come and get it today.
You can come and go as you please.
You can come and see me whenever it's convenient for you.
You can come and see me whenever it’s convenient for you.
You can come and stay with me in the castle.
You can come as often as you like.
You can come as you are.
You can come at any time.
You can come at your convenience.
You can come back again but not in this hideous Kabyle dress.
You can come back any time.
You can come back by 3:30.
You can come back here anytime you want.
You can come back in.
You can come back to my place.
You can come by.
You can come home.
You can come if you like.
You can come if you want to.
You can come if you want.
You can come in and sit down.
You can come in here.
You can come in if and only if you know our password.
You can come in if you want to.
You can come in if you want.
You can come in now.
You can come in, Tom.
You can come in.
You can come on Monday instead.
You can come out now.
You can come over any time you like, if you want.
You can come over any time you like.
You can come over any time.
You can come over whenever you like.
You can come pick up the goods, or we can bring them to you.
You can come see a fortress there.
You can come to Boston and stay with me all winter if you want to.
You can come to my party, but you have to bring me a gift.
You can come to the hotel whenever it is convenient for you.
You can come to the party.
You can come to visit me, as long as you promise to behave well.
You can come to visit me, but only if you promise to behave well.
You can come to visit me, provided that you promise me you'll behave.
You can come to visit us anytime you want.
You can come to want a good thing for yourself.
You can come together.
You can come tomorrow if you like.
You can come tomorrow, can't you?
You can come tomorrow.
You can come visit me whenever you like.
You can come visit whenever you want to.
You can come visit whenever you want.
You can come when you want.
You can come whenever it is convenient for you.
You can come whenever it's convenient for you.
You can come whenever you like.
You can come whenever you want.
You can come with me today.
You can come with me tomorrow.
You can come with me.
You can come with us.
You can come with.
You can come, but don't tell anybody else.
You can come, too, if you want to.
You can come, too, if you want.
You can come, too.
You can come.
You can commission me to draw your fursona by clicking here.
You can compete with others while fishing.
You can complain 'til the cows come home, but it's not going to make a bit of difference.
You can complain ’til the cows come home, but it’s not going to make a bit of difference.
You can compost maize-cobs.
You can condition your mind.
You can confront your co-worker about it.
You can congratulate me.
You can consider yourself lucky.
You can consult with me any time.
You can contact me in Japanese.
You can contact me in case of emergency.
You can contact me.
You can contact us in Japanese.
You can continue learning the language over the internet.
You can contribute to society in various ways.
You can convince people of only their own opinions.
You can cook delicious food in an old pan.
You can cook here.
You can cook the fish you catch while fishing.
You can cook.
You can correct mistakes that you find in a sentence if it is not "owned" by another user.
You can correct mistakes that you find, if the sentence is not "owned" by another user.
You can count me among your friends.
You can count me out on that!
You can count me out.
You can count on Jack.
You can count on Sami.
You can count on Tom to tell the truth.
You can count on Tom.
You can count on her.
You can count on him to tell the truth.
You can count on him – he's got a lot of experience. And yes, he's got a lot of self-confidence, but he never boasts about his achievements. Bear in mind, though, that he's slow.
You can count on him.
You can count on him. He never disappoints you.
You can count on him. He's very experienced. And although he does have a great deal of self-confidence, he never boasts about his achievements. You should know, however, that he is slow.
You can count on it.
You can count on me any time.
You can count on me for a one thousand dollar donation.
You can count on me for five thousand yen or so when you're in difficulties.
You can count on me for five thousand yen or so when you’re in difficulties.
You can count on me for sure!
You can count on me if you want.
You can count on me to be there by 10:00.
You can count on me, Fadil.
You can count on me, I'll look into it as soon as I get back home.
You can count on me, Jim.
You can count on me, Tom.
You can count on me.
You can count on my support for your decisions.
You can count on my support.
You can count on our help.
You can count on that.
You can count on the $3,000 I have promised you.
You can count on us for better service in the future.
You can count on us!
You can count on us, Tom.
You can count on us.
You can count your good friends with one hand.
You can count yourself lucky!
You can crash at my place but just for one night, OK?
You can crash at my place if you want to.
You can crash here for as long as you want.
You can crash on the sofa if you're tired.
You can crash with me until you find a place to live.
You can create a list and add sentences.
You can create a vocabulary list to learn new words.
You can create sentences that already exist somewhere.
You can create your own color palette in the app, or find palettes others have created.
You can critique it all you want and it won't change a thing. It's over.
You can critique it all you want and it won’t change a thing. It’s over.
You can cry and wail all you like, no one is going to hear you.
You can cry if you want.
You can cry now. It's okay.
You can customize your couscous.
You can cut corners.
You can cut wood with a hand saw, or with a jigsaw.
You can dance until midnight.
You can dance, can't you?
You can dance, can’t you?
You can deceive a fool.
You can deceive fools.
You can decide what we do next.
You can decimate points from or smooth any automation clip you want in FL Studio!
You can decorate the cocktail with a cherry or a pineapple.
You can decorate the house for a party.
You can decorate the house.
You can defeat your enemies, we are here just to protect your friends.
You can defend yourself, can't you?
You can delete anyone's tags, not just your own.
You can delete sentences.
You can delete that now.
You can delete the file since it's not needed anymore.
You can delete things from your browser history, but not from your conscience.
You can delete your own tags.
You can depend on Americans to do the right thing, when they have exhausted every other possibility.
You can depend on Jack.
You can depend on Tom to help you.
You can depend on Tom's help.
You can depend on Tom.
You can depend on his help.
You can depend on it.
You can depend on me.
You can depend on my friendship.
You can depend on my older sister-in-law to help you with your homework.
You can depend on the timetable to tell you when trains leave.
You can depend on this dictionary.
You can depend on us.
You can deprive me of my title if you want.
You can describe reality but not know it.
You can dig dirt from the ground.
You can dine here à la carte.
You can disagree without issues.
You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation.
You can discover something new every day.
You can distil water and whiskey.
You can do a lot better than that.
You can do almost anything you want in college. After all, you're paying them to be there.
You can do anything with mayonnaise, except sit on it.
You can do anything with numbers.
You can do anything you like.
You can do anything you set your mind to.
You can do anything you want as soon as you start not wanting to do anything you can’t do.
You can do anything you want to.
You can do anything you want, depending on what floats your boat.
You can do anything you want.
You can do anything!
You can do anything, if you put your mind to it.
You can do better on your tests.
You can do better than that, Tom.
You can do better than that.
You can do better than that. You can go lower than that.
You can do better than this.
You can do better!
You can do better.
You can do both things.
You can do business in Algeria.
You can do it again if you want to.
You can do it any way you like.
You can do it at your leisure.
You can do it differently.
You can do it either this way or you can do it that way–as you like it.
You can do it either way.
You can do it from outside.
You can do it from the outside.
You can do it high.
You can do it however you like.
You can do it if you put your mind to it.
You can do it if you try.
You can do it like that.
You can do it like this.
You can do it now, sir.
You can do it now.
You can do it only when Tom allows it.
You can do it when you B&Q it.
You can do it yourself if you choose to do so.
You can do it yourself.
You can do it!
You can do it, Tom.
You can do it, Tom. I know that you can.
You can do it, Tom. I know you can.
You can do it, can't you?
You can do it, can’t you?
You can do it, girl.
You can do it, too.
You can do it.
You can do it. It'll be a cakewalk!
You can do it. It’ll be a cakewalk!
You can do it. Let's go. I'm with you.
You can do many things in virtual reality that you can't do in real life.
You can do maths in bed. All you need is a pencil and a piece of paper. Some don't even need that.
You can do much better.
You can do no more for me.
You can do so much better than that.
You can do so much better.
You can do something else if you want.
You can do something for me.
You can do that again if you want to.
You can do that again if you want.
You can do that any way you like.
You can do that better than I can, I think.
You can do that better than I can.
You can do that better than anyone else here.
You can do that by yourself, can't you?
You can do that even better than Tom can.
You can do that faster than I can, I think.
You can do that however you like.
You can do that if you put your mind to it.
You can do that if you try.
You can do that if you want to.
You can do that if you want, but I'd advise against it.
You can do that if you want.
You can do that in no time.
You can do that later.
You can do that now if you really want to.
You can do that now if you want to.
You can do that right now if you want to.
You can do that right now.
You can do that today if you like.
You can do that tomorrow.
You can do that wherever you want to.
You can do that wherever you want, right?
You can do that wherever you want.
You can do that with Tom if you really want to.
You can do that without my help, can't you?
You can do that yourself.
You can do that yourselves.
You can do that, Tom. I know that you can.
You can do that, Tom. I know you can.
You can do that, can't you?
You can do that, guys!
You can do that, too, if you want to.
You can do that.
You can do the same now.
You can do this in an easy way.
You can do this with ease.
You can do this without having to move to Algeria.
You can do this without me.
You can do this, I'm telling you.
You can do this, can't you?
You can do this, too, if you try.
You can do this.
You can do two things at the same time.
You can do what they say or you can leave.
You can do what you like.
You can do what you please.
You can do what you want.
You can do whatever you like.
You can do whatever you want now.
You can do whatever you want to do, of course.
You can do whatever you want to do.
You can do whatever you want to, of course.
You can do whatever you want to.
You can do whatever you want with it.
You can do whatever you want with them.
You can do whatever you want with this stuff.
You can do whatever you want.
You can do whatever you wish to do.
You can do without this.
You can donate blood if you have none of these restrictions.
You can donate toys you no longer use to others in need.
You can donate your old furniture to families who can't afford it.
You can donate your old toys to children in need.
You can douse a grease fire by covering the pan with a lid.
You can download all the sentences.
You can download audio files by native speakers from our website.
You can download it.
You can download our publications in Acrobat Portable Document Format.
You can download that app from my website.
You can download the instruction manual for the heat exchanger here.
You can draw an interesting parallel between those two events.
You can draw your own conclusions.
You can drink anything you want.
You can drink the juice since it's not artificial.
You can drink the juice that's on the table.
You can drink the tap water here.
You can drink water, but you can also let it be.
You can drink water, but you can also let it walk.
You can drink water, but you can also pass it.
You can drink whatever you want.
You can drive a car, can't you?
You can drive a car, can’t you?
You can drive around Algeria today without fear.
You can drive fast here.
You can drive if you want to.
You can drive if you want.
You can drive it if you want to.
You can drive this car with one hand.
You can drive, can't you?
You can drop me anywhere you like.
You can duplicate the keys at the hardware store.
You can earn money with the Internet.
You can easily change that.
You can easily drill through that panel.
You can easily find Tom's house.
You can easily find the bank.
You can easily get sick in a climate like this.
You can easily get there by bus.
You can easily get there by train or bus.
You can easily identify Tom because he is very tall.
You can easily identify him because he is very tall.
You can easily judge the ripeness of a banana by the color of its peel.
You can easily learn from defeat. It’s harder to learn from success.
You can easily save energy in the winter by setting the thermostat to 20°C while you're awake and setting it lower while you're asleep or away from home.
You can easily save energy in the winter by setting the thermostat to 68°F while you're awake and setting it lower while you're asleep or away from home.
You can easily score a MILF in this club.
You can easily see the politician in him.
You can easily tell that he is a genius.
You can easily walk there from here.
You can eat a complete meal, or just go easy with our salad bar.
You can eat all you want.
You can eat and drink as much as you want.
You can eat any mushroom once.
You can eat anything you want.
You can eat as much as you like.
You can eat as much as you want.
You can eat figs whole.
You can eat here for free.
You can eat it raw.
You can eat lunch here in this room.
You can eat my pickle.
You can eat that flower.
You can eat that fruit as long as you don't eat it all.
You can eat the figs.
You can eat the prasad after the aarti is over.
You can eat the rest of the cake if you want.
You can eat the rest of the cake too, if you want.
You can eat the rest of the cake, if you want.
You can eat there free that many food you want if you weigh at least 350 pounds.
You can eat this fruit.
You can eat this if you want.
You can eat this.
You can eat those dates.
You can eat twenty-two of these crackers.
You can eat up all you've got, but not tell all you know.
You can eat very well there.
You can eat whatever you like.
You can eat whatever you want.
You can eat whenever you like.
You can eat with us.
You can either believe that words can't hurt or that "SJWs" are toxic, but you can't believe both.
You can either stay here by yourself or come with us.
You can eliminate a few constraints from your optimization problem if you parametrize your variables into spherical coordinates.
You can employ him.
You can enjoy some recorded music while you wait.
You can enjoy the outdoors while fishing.
You can enjoy the peacefulness of fishing.
You can enter now.
You can enter the library freely.
You can enter.
You can entrust the tennis to me!
You can even add a custom engraving inside the locket, for $10 extra, of course.
You can even be a president!
You can even see blood sprays in old kids' shows.
You can even walk around here at night.
You can exchange it for another one.
You can expect a frosty welcome.
You can expect me tomorrow.
You can expect that.
You can expect to receive a little something from us soon.
You can explore the city by bike.
You can express the sentence this way.
You can feel Ziri's sense of insecurity.
You can feel safe here in the house.
You can feel the magic get through your whole body here at Disneyland.
You can feel the worm as a painful strand under the skin.
You can feel totally at ease in my presence.
You can figure it out later.
You can find a Summer Street and a Winter Street in many cities in Massachusetts.
You can find a taxi at the railroad station.
You can find all kinds of things at the market.
You can find another job.
You can find answers to this and other questions in the book.
You can find answers to this and other questions on our website.
You can find anything you want.
You can find better things to do with your time.
You can find better things to do.
You can find different mobs on different biomes.
You can find dung beetles even in northern Europe.
You can find everything you need here.
You can find exactly the same thing in Berber.
You can find fanatics in any religion including Buddhism.
You can find firewood there.
You can find fresh water, as well as very hot water. Such is the world.
You can find happiness in Islam.
You can find her phone number in the directory.
You can find him at the rifle range.
You can find it in that direction.
You can find it nowhere else.
You can find it on the left side.
You can find it on the right side.
You can find it that way.
You can find it to the left.
You can find it to the right.
You can find many date palm groves in southern Algeria.
You can find many language learning resources in the language laboratory.
You can find many nice beaches in Kabylie, Algeria.
You can find more info on our website.
You can find more information on our website.
You can find out more about Tatoeba at Tatoeba.org.
You can find people who love one another everywhere.
You can find plenty of things to eat.
You can find somebody else to help you.
You can find someone else to help you.
You can find strawberry trees everywhere in this area.
You can find the Big Dipper easily.
You can find the same thing anywhere.
You can find yoghurt in the dairy section.
You can find yogurt in the dairy section.
You can find your way home without me.
You can finish it at home.
You can finish your essay now.
You can fish during different seasons.
You can fish for sport or for relaxation.
You can fish in different countries.
You can fish in different parts of the world.
You can fish in rivers, lakes, and oceans.
You can fish using different methods.
You can fish.
You can fix all this.
You can fix it, can't you?
You can fix the heater, can't you?
You can fix this.
You can fly across America in about five hours.
You can fold these towels so easily.
You can follow me.
You can follow the rules.
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time; but you cannot fool all the people all of the time.
You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can't fool all of the people all of the time.
You can forget about Tom.
You can forget about that.
You can forget my comment.
You can forgive, but forgetting is impossible.
You can format and customize a worksheet, and insert and use tables, charts, formulas and functions.
You can freely enter the library.
You can from outside.
You can fuck off for all I care!
You can generally rely on Tom to make good his promises.
You can get "tech neck" from holding the neck at a 45 degree angle.
You can get a better look over here.
You can get a better look over there.
You can get a car license after you turn eighteen.
You can get a drivers license for this island at the police station.
You can get a fine view of the sea from the mountaintop.
You can get a freckle pencil.
You can get a hold of Tom by calling this number.
You can get a loan from a bank.
You can get a lot of bang for your buck at this store.
You can get a nice view from here when the weather is good.
You can get a quick glimpse of Mt. Fuji from the window of the train.
You can get a streetcar on this corner.
You can get a visa if you say you're an entrepreneur.
You can get ahead in the world.
You can get all kinds of things to eat if you go to the free samples area in a department store.
You can get an idea what we are doing here soon.
You can get anything less expensive in bulk.
You can get better.
You can get clothes for cheap at a thrift store.
You can get diarrhoea if you eat too many pears and persimmons, so be careful how much you eat.
You can get dressed now.
You can get energy from the sunshine.
You can get fined for riding a motorcycle without a helmet.
You can get from Washington to New York by train.
You can get further details of our products from our internet site, http://www.jpgarden.com.
You can get good food for a modest sum at the restaurant.
You can get good welds with this welder.
You can get hold of me at the Yasesu Hotel.
You can get in touch with Tom at his home tonight.
You can get in touch with him at his home tonight.
You can get in touch with me at Hotel Landmark.
You can get in touch with me at the Hilton Hotel.
You can get in touch with me tomorrow.
You can get injured from a shard of stained glass.
You can get it at a bookstore.
You can get it at any bookseller's.
You can get it at any bookseller’s.
You can get it for free.
You can get it for nothing.
You can get it from Tom.
You can get it from any chemist.
You can get more details from Tom.
You can get more information about us on our website.
You can get much farther with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone.
You can get nothing without labor.
You can get okra and breadfruit from the grocer on the corner.
You can get on my motorbike.
You can get on the bus over there.
You can get only NHK in the Ogasawara islands.
You can get out of this.
You can get over the handicap soon.
You can get rid of the cold if you take this medicine.
You can get that from any chemist.
You can get that from any pharmacy.
You can get the bus to the university.
You can get the bus to university.
You can get there by bus.
You can get there by crossing the street at the second intersection.
You can get there by train or by bus.
You can get there by train.
You can get there faster by train.
You can get there in less than thirty minutes.
You can get there only by sea.
You can get this medicine without a prescription.
You can get those in packs of six, twelve or eighteen.
You can get to her house in a variety of different ways.
You can get to the other side of the road by going through this subway.
You can get to the other side of the road by going through this underpass.
You can get to the other side of the road by using this subway.
You can get to the station by bus.
You can get to the station either by bus or metro.
You can get to the station either by bus or tube.
You can get to the station either by bus or underground.
You can get toxic shock syndrome if you sleep with a tampon.
You can get up from the examination table now.
You can get used to anything.
You can get your belly button safely pierced for forty dollars.
You can give Tom all of it, if you want to.
You can give Tom mine.
You can give him another chance.
You can give it back whenever you want to as I bought that book for missionary work.
You can give me a detention if you have to.
You can give me a hand, now that you're here.
You can give me a ride, can't you?
You can give me so much more.
You can give me some money?
You can give me the details later.
You can give the coffee to someone else.
You can give the gift of life by donating blood.
You can glaze carrots with honey when cooking them.
You can go ahead, I'll pretend not to see anything.
You can go alone if you like.
You can go alone if you want.
You can go alone.
You can go and see Tom.
You can go and see a fortress there.
You can go anyplace you like.
You can go anywhere you like.
You can go anywhere you want.
You can go anywhere.
You can go back playing.
You can go back to bed.
You can go back to what you were doing.
You can go back to work now.
You can go back.
You can go bathing or fishing.
You can go by bus, by metro or on foot.
You can go camping with Tom if you really want to.
You can go either way.
You can go everywhere.
You can go first.
You can go for walks on the hills.
You can go from Washington to New York by train.
You can go home after you have finished this work.
You can go home again.
You can go home at noon.
You can go home early if you want.
You can go home if you like.
You can go home if you want to.
You can go home now if you like.
You can go home now if you want to.
You can go home now.
You can go home.
You can go however you like.
You can go if you have made up your mind.
You can go if you want to.
You can go if you want.
You can go in now.
You can go in the bath first.
You can go inside, Tom.
You can go now if you wish.
You can go now, I guess.
You can go now, Tom.
You can go now, sir.
You can go now.
You can go on ahead.
You can go on the Internet and say whatever you want without backing it up or responding to criticism.
You can go one hundred kilometers an hour on the highway.
You can go or stay, as you wish.
You can go or stay, whichever you want.
You can go out and play as long as you stay in the yard.
You can go out on condition that you come home by seven.
You can go out, as long as you promise to be back by 11 o'clock.
You can go out, as long as you promise to be back by 11 o’clock.
You can go out, as long as you promise to be back early.
You can go play outside, as long as you don't get yourself dirty.
You can go play with your friends when your chores are done.
You can go see for yourself.
You can go skiing if you like, but for my part I prefer to stay at home and read a novel.
You can go swim now.
You can go swimming or fishing.
You can go there directly by bus or by train.
You can go there if you want to.
You can go there if you want.
You can go there in a boat.
You can go there, but you'll need to be careful the whole time.
You can go there.
You can go this way to Donggongon town.
You can go to Algeria.
You can go to Boston if you want to.
You can go to Boston if you want.
You can go to Kabylie.
You can go to jail for that.
You can go to prison for that.
You can go to sleep now.
You can go to the Daily Mail with any old made-up story about trans people and they'll print it.
You can go to the ballpark on this bus.
You can go to the bathroom first.
You can go to the bus station.
You can go to the station by bus.
You can go to the theatre, the cinema, or the swimming pool.
You can go to the university by bus.
You can go to university by bus.
You can go tomorrow.
You can go when the traffic light is green.
You can go where you want.
You can go wherever you want to go.
You can go wherever you want to.
You can go wherever you want.
You can go wild and just scream your head off.
You can go, but Tom will stay here.
You can go, but remember our deal.
You can go.
You can go; the light's green.
You can gossip as much as you want, dirty shrew!
You can growl "Auuu!" for all you want, but you won't turn into a wolf.
You can guess the protagonist's fate.
You can guess what happened next.
You can hand in your certificates to Ms Maier in the admin office.
You can handle hedgehogs when their quills are down, even pet them.
You can handle it.
You can handle this project any way you choose.
You can handle this without me.
You can handle this.
You can handwash your towels.
You can hang a chandelier in the house.
You can hang it on the coat-hanger.
You can hang me, or do what you like with me, but you cannot punish me as I have been punished already. I cannot shut my eyes but I see those two faces staring at me—staring at me as they stared when my boat broke through the haze.
You can hang out with us if you want to.
You can hang out with us if you want.
You can hang pictures in the house.
You can hang the picture back in its usual place.
You can hang your coat up over there.
You can hang your towel on that rack.
You can hardly expect me to help you.
You can have a doctoral degree in nursing.
You can have a drink.
You can have a fulfilling life despite many unfulfilled dreams.
You can have a group of friends that share your interests.
You can have a little fun while you wait.
You can have a little salami.
You can have a lot of friends, until you want to go stay with them.
You can have a picnic in the summer.
You can have a ride on my motorcycle.
You can have a slice of pizza if you want.
You can have a snack in the meantime.
You can have all of them.
You can have another cookie if you one.
You can have another cookie.
You can have any cake on the table.
You can have any picture that you want.
You can have any three of these books that you want.
You can have any you want.
You can have anything in the box.
You can have anything in this box.
You can have anything in this room.
You can have anything you want.
You can have as many as you like.
You can have as many as you want.
You can have as many cookies as you want.
You can have as much as you want.
You can have as much time as you need.
You can have both of them.
You can have both of these.
You can have both of those.
You can have both.
You can have breakfast between 7 and 9.
You can have either coffee or tea.
You can have either of these, but not both.
You can have every confidence in me.
You can have fun while fishing.
You can have half of my ice cream.
You can have half of my sandwich.
You can have half of this.
You can have it for a bite of bread.
You can have it for free.
You can have it for nothing.
You can have it free of charge.
You can have it if you want it.
You can have it today.
You can have it.
You can have it. I don't want it any more.
You can have it. I don't want it anymore.
You can have it. I no longer want it.
You can have me.
You can have mediocre results now, or outstanding results later.
You can have mine.
You can have my sandwich.
You can have my share.
You can have one cupcake.
You can have one more biscuit.
You can have one more cookie if you want to.
You can have one more cookie if you want.
You can have romance and / or sex.
You can have several careers in your life.
You can have some if you want.
You can have some more if you want.
You can have some salami.
You can have somebody do that for you if you like.
You can have somebody do that for you.
You can have someone do it for you.
You can have someone do that for you if you like.
You can have someone do that for you.
You can have someone else to do it.
You can have someone else to do that.
You can have someone else to do this.
You can have that one for free.
You can have the day off.
You can have the last word with a woman, on the condition that it is yes.
You can have the last word.
You can have the pick of the litter.
You can have the rest of everything.
You can have the rest of the fries.
You can have the rest of the pie.
You can have the rest of these cookies if you want them.
You can have the rest.
You can have the seat by the window if you want.
You can have the top bunk.
You can have the towel.
You can have them all.
You can have them.
You can have this bicycle before your birthday.
You can have this book for nothing.
You can have this book.
You can have this pen.
You can have this room all to yourself.
You can have this watch for nothing.
You can have this, no strings attached.
You can have this.
You can have this. It's yours to enjoy.
You can have three guesses.
You can have three tries.
You can have too much of a good thing.
You can have two sandwiches but no more.
You can have whatever you want.
You can have your old job back.
You can have your opinion about Islam. It's fine.
You can have your opinion. Everybody has the right to be wrong, after all.
You can have your pick of any of them.
You can have your secret as long as I have your heart.
You can have your stuff back.
You can head on home.
You can heal by yourselves.
You can hear English on Channel 1, and Japanese on Channel 7.
You can hear Tom singing every morning.
You can hear a pin drop.
You can hear aeroplanes long before you see them.
You can hear animals yammer in the meadows.
You can hear everything.
You can hear her singing every morning.
You can hear music.
You can hear sounds in the distance better on clear days than you can on cloudy days.
You can hear the church bells from there.
You can hear the news on the radio at nine o'clock.
You can hear the news on the radio at nine o’clock.
You can hear the sound of the ocean.
You can hear the sound of the sea in this hotel room.
You can hear the water dripping from the pipe.
You can help me by leaving me in peace.
You can help me make some rules for everyone to follow.
You can help me, can't you?
You can help me.
You can help other people learn English by translating this video lesson into their native language.
You can help other people to learn English by translating this video lesson into their native language.
You can help others learn English by translating this video lesson into their native language.
You can help stop that.
You can help us by translating this poster into every language you know.
You can help us do that, can't you?
You can help us escape.
You can help us save energy by remembering not to leave lights on when they're not needed.
You can help your local economy by spending your money at local stores.
You can help.
You can hide here for a few days.
You can hide in here until the police leave.
You can hide in here.
You can hire a bicycle by the hour at this shop.
You can hire a boat by the hour.
You can hire me to clean your kitchen.
You can hire someone else to do that.
You can hire someone to clean that.
You can hit anyone.
You can hit me harder than that if you want.
You can hold convictions about things without being narrow-minded.
You can hold my hand.
You can hook your computer up to the router with an ethernet cable.
You can identify children's voices without any problem.
You can identify children’s voices without any problem.
You can if you think you can.
You can imagine from what I say that my poor sister Julia and I had no great pleasure in our lives.
You can imagine how Tom felt.
You can imagine how difficult it can be to manage a country like Algeria.
You can imagine how disappointed I was.
You can imagine how it went.
You can imagine how sad I was as the course came to a close.
You can imagine how they felt.
You can imagine the disappointment I felt.
You can imagine what happened.
You can imagine, Dr. Watson, how pleased I was at such an extraordinary bit of good fortune.
You can improve your Berber skills in this class.
You can improve your English if you try.
You can improve your French if you try.
You can improve your fluency in English.
You can improve your learning results by repetition.
You can improve your performance.
You can increase or decrease the size of your character's ears by moving the Ear slider to the left or right.
You can indulge yourself without spending a fortune.
You can install a filter attachment on the faucet.
You can invite any person you like.
You can invite anybody you like.
You can invite anybody you want to.
You can invite anybody you want.
You can invite anyone who would like to come.
You can invite anyone you like to your birthday party.
You can invite anyone you like.
You can invite anyone you want to.
You can invite anyone you want.
You can invite friends over to play with your toys.
You can invite other people.
You can invite whoever you want.
You can invite whomever you desire.
You can invite whomever you want.
You can join a bike club for group rides.
You can join a club or a sports team at school.
You can join if you are thirteen years old or older.
You can join the conversation.
You can join us if you like.
You can join us if you want.
You can join, or not. It's your choice.
You can judge people by the company they keep.
You can judge someone by what they do and don't care about.
You can judge your age by the amount of pain you feel when you come in contact with a new idea.
You can jump to a randomly-selected sentence.
You can jump.
You can just call me Taro.
You can just call me Tom.
You can just call.
You can just do away with that.
You can just do away with this.
You can just focus on coaching your team.
You can just follow the timeline of events.
You can just go fuck yourself.
You can just keep it if you want it.
You can just keep it if you want to.
You can just keep it.
You can just leave if you want to.
You can just reply with a yes or no.
You can just sit there and relax a bit if you like.
You can just switch channels.
You can justify absolutely anything that way.
You can keep both of those.
You can keep doing that if you want to.
You can keep it if you want to.
You can keep it if you want.
You can keep it.
You can keep that.
You can keep the change.
You can keep the house.
You can keep the pen.
You can keep the porridge and just reheat it whenever needed.
You can keep the rest of the money.
You can keep the rest.
You can keep the room over the weekend as long as you leave by midday on Monday.
You can keep the scarf.
You can keep them.
You can keep this book until tomorrow.
You can keep this dictionary if necessary.
You can keep this one for yourself.
You can keep this tape until tomorrow.
You can keep trying all you like, but it won't help.
You can keep your advice to yourself.
You can keep your name.
You can keep your racist comments to yourself. I won't stand for that kind of thing.
You can kill Tom, but he'll just come back to life.
You can kill Tom, but you can't kill his spirit.
You can kill a man with a BB gun.
You can kill a man, but you can't kill an idea.
You can kiss me when you've shaved off your moustache.
You can kiss my ass!
You can kiss the bride!
You can kiss your dreams of working with Ziri goodbye.
You can know a man by his friends.
You can landscape around the house.
You can laugh all you want, I remain indifferent.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can’t make him drink.
You can lean on me.
You can learn Berber at your own pace.
You can learn Berber easily.
You can learn Berber easy.
You can learn Berber faster than me.
You can learn Berber from the comfort of your own computer.
You can learn Berber in Algeria.
You can learn Berber on this website.
You can learn Berber.
You can learn English on TikTok.
You can learn Esperanto in a short time.
You can learn French if you study hard enough.
You can learn French.
You can learn Globasa in one year.
You can learn Spanish in a year.
You can learn a lot about nature while fishing.
You can learn a lot about what can be done in 24 hours by observing the mayfly.
You can learn a lot by playing baseball.
You can learn a lot from books.
You can learn a lot of vocabulary by reading.
You can learn a lot of words by reading.
You can learn about Islam here.
You can learn about advanced search features here.
You can learn anything.
You can learn anything; it just takes diligence.
You can learn as much in the library as in school.
You can learn from your teacher's experiences and knowledge.
You can learn how to become a leader through school clubs and organizations.
You can learn new abilities as you progress through the game.
You can learn new techniques while fishing.
You can learn new things by playing with toys.
You can learn some lessons from this.
You can learn something every day.
You can learn to share and take turns through toy games.
You can learn virtues from all kinds of people.
You can learn words much better in context, for example in sentences or stories.
You can learn, no matter your age.
You can learn.
You can leave a review.
You can leave any time you want.
You can leave at any time.
You can leave early if you like.
You can leave if you want to.
You can leave if you want.
You can leave it with me as long as you need to.
You can leave me alone.
You can leave now if you want to.
You can leave now.
You can leave now. I'll see to our luggage.
You can leave now. I’ll see to our luggage.
You can leave that to me.
You can leave the file on my desk.
You can leave the light on.
You can leave the room now.
You can leave the tennis to me!
You can leave tomorrow.
You can leave whenever you choose.
You can leave whenever you like.
You can leave whenever you want.
You can leave your dog with me if you travel.
You can leave your glasses on the nightstand.
You can leave your hat on.
You can leave your shoes on.
You can leave your suitcase over there.
You can leave.
You can let Tom go now.
You can let Tom go.
You can let go now.
You can let go of me now.
You can let her go now.
You can let her go.
You can let him go now.
You can let him go.
You can let it slide with a "oh?" or you can take it seriously.
You can let them go now.
You can let them go.
You can let us go now.
You can lie down here.
You can lie to God, but you can't fool Him.
You can lie to everyone else, but you can't lie to yourself.
You can lie to everyone else, but you can’t lie to yourself.
You can lie to others, but not to yourself.
You can light a candle.
You can light the candle.
You can like beer, but I prefer wine.
You can likely talk Tom into doing that.
You can likely talk Tom out of doing that.
You can limit the search results to one language and additionally state whether there have to be translations in a certain language for the sentences.
You can link and unlink sentences.
You can listen to anything you want.
You can listen to audio files by native speakers on our website.
You can listen to it.
You can listen to the whole interview on our website.
You can literally throw an ant from an airplane, and it won't be seriously harmed.
You can live a perfectly good life without a partner.
You can live comfortably in a place like this.
You can live in Algeria without paying a dime.
You can live quite comfortably with not much money.
You can live to be a hundred if you give up all the things that make you want to live to be a hundred.
You can live with me.
You can lock up an introvert in a New York City apartment and have them not come out for two months and they'll be perfectly happy.
You can log in from your phone or from your computer.
You can look at a fortress there.
You can look at lists of sentences made by users and export these lists.
You can look at mine.
You can look now.
You can look up information about the event on this website.
You can look, but don't touch.
You can lose ten pounds in ten days. No effort required!
You can lose weight by eating less.
You can lose weight.
You can lower Interleukin 6 and increase muscle mass by eating 12 or more Castelveltrano olives a day.
You can make 4, 6 or 12 payments.
You can make a barbecue any time you want.
You can make a cake with flour and milk and an egg.
You can make a cake with flour, milk and an egg.
You can make a computer-to-computer call on the internet for free!
You can make a difference in the world.
You can make a difference.
You can make a glider out of balsa wood.
You can make a lot of money as a streamer, but it takes effort and a fair bit of luck.
You can make a thousand happy trips, but you will not return from one of them.
You can make a wish list for your birthday.
You can make an educated guess, can't you?
You can make an informal application at any time.
You can make another one if this one breaks.
You can make any number of claims, but what we need is evidence.
You can make as many justifications as you like; it won't change the fact that it's unethical.
You can make book on it that he won't help you.
You can make book on it that he won’t help you.
You can make friends while fishing.
You can make ice cream out of anything.
You can make improvements.
You can make it easier for yourself.
You can make it on your own.
You can make it! Go for it. I'll stand by you.
You can make it! Go for it. I’ll stand by you.
You can make it.
You can make me happy by being happy.
You can make memories while fishing.
You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.
You can make more tomorrow.
You can make of that what you will.
You can make some slight modifications to this VR headset to make it more comfortable.
You can make sounds by combining letters in Modern Greek. For example you can use Î¼Ï€ to make the sound "b", Î½Ï„ to make the sound "d", Î³Îº to make the sound "g" and Ï„Î¶ to make the sound "dj".
You can make sounds by combining letters in Modern Greek. For example you can use μπ to make the sound "b", ντ to make the sound "d", γκ to make the sound "g" and τζ to make the sound "dj".
You can make the salad.
You can make up for lost time by taking an airplane instead of a train.
You can make up to 80,000 yen a month in that part-time job.
You can make use of paraphrasing to explain a word that you don't know in French.
You can make websites advertising Interlingua.
You can make your choice freely without fear of retribution.
You can make your dream come true by working hard.
You can make your life like a heaven or a hell.
You can make your own decisions.
You can make your own.
You can make yourself heard even from here.
You can manage, can't you?
You can manually adjust the saturation of your image in this program.
You can master English without adopting yankee ways.
You can master English without swearing like some Americans do.
You can measure a clown's erection by the sounds of his slide whistle.
You can measure a clown’s erection by the sounds of his slide whistle.
You can meditate almost anywhere.
You can meet Dr. White only by appointment.
You can meet Tom there.
You can meet Tom tonight.
You can meet her tonight.
You can meet him tonight.
You can meet him.
You can meet me somewhere sometime or something.
You can meet me tomorrow.
You can meet me tonight.
You can meet them tonight.
You can meet us downstairs when you're ready.
You can meet us tonight.
You can mix different foods in a blender.
You can mix heathers and heaths together.
You can move about in all directions of Space, but you cannot move about in Time.
You can move as far as six tiles in a single turn.
You can move in on 1 September.
You can move in on the 1st of September.
You can move into Ziri's room.
You can name the puppy whatever you want.
You can name your price.
You can navigate the canals of Venice by gondola.
You can needlessly attempt to argue with me all you want; my brain is like a spam filter.
You can never achieve perfection.
You can never bathe in the same river twice.
You can never be happy if you feel envious of other people.
You can never be neutral. Even silence is an opinion.
You can never be sure when your life is nearing is end.
You can never be sure.
You can never be too careful in this unpredictable world.
You can never be too careful.
You can never be too safe.
You can never catch Tom off guard.
You can never completely understand another person. They always remain a mystery.
You can never count on Tom.
You can never find anything in this room!
You can never forget your first love.
You can never generalize.
You can never get bored with him around, so keep him around for as long as you need him, the cool thing is that he never makes any moment feel dull when he is around.
You can never go back.
You can never have enough energy, time and money.
You can never have too much ego.
You can never have too much of a good thing.
You can never know if a politician truly believes what they're saying.
You can never know what will happen.
You can never make the same mistake twice because the second time you make it, it's no longer a mistake, it's a choice.
You can never plan the future by the past.
You can never really know anything.
You can never really know if a politician believes what they're saying.
You can never really live anyone else's life, not even your child's. The influence you exert is through your own life, and what you've become yourself.
You can never recover spent time.
You can never see any emotions on his face.
You can never stop at one.
You can never tell anyone what I just told you.
You can never tell how long these meetings will last.
You can never tell what Tom is going to do.
You can never tell what a man is capable of till he has been tried.
You can never tell what will happen to us.
You can never tell.
You can never use too much butter.
You can never win.
You can no longer hurt me.
You can no longer represent my agency after this incident.
You can no more expect me to change my opinion than expect the sun to rise in the west.
You can not afford this house!
You can not apply this to your skin. You cannot apply it. Cannot be applied.
You can not appreciate the poem until you have read it many times.
You can not be rude to everyone and expect to get away with it forever.
You can not believe a word he says.
You can not depend on his word any more than on the wind.
You can not drink the seawater, for it is too salty.
You can not easily catch a perch.
You can not expect him to know the story seeing he has not read it.
You can not live at all if you do not learn to adapt yourself to your life as it happens to be.
You can not master English in a short time.
You can not miss it.
You can not solve your doubts until you face the culprit.
You can not stop the dog from barking, let alone the liar from lying.
You can not swim here.
You can not travel without passport.
You can not win without someone losing.
You can now consider Layla your daughter.
You can now follow the Pope on Twitter.
You can now get up to 70% off in the winter sales.
You can now see that I'm a bad people pleaser.
You can number me among your friends.
You can observe a lot by just watching.
You can observe a lot just by looking.
You can obviously take care of yourself.
You can often change your circumstances by changing your attitude.
You can often judge people by the company they keep.
You can often tell where a person comes from by his speech.
You can often tell where a person comes from by the way he speaks.
You can omit the last chapter of the book.
You can omit the preposition in this phrase.
You can omit the preposition in this sentence.
You can only apply the Pythagorean theorem to triangles with right angles.
You can only be a soldier for so long before you don't need a reason to fight anymore.
You can only bury these deeply in your heart.
You can only buy it here.
You can only buy the medicine with a prescription.
You can only buy these in Australia.
You can only buy tickets online.
You can only choose one.
You can only come in if you are invited.
You can only come to China if you’ve got a visa.
You can only die once.
You can only do it under Tom's supervision.
You can only drink water from the water dispenser.
You can only eat half of the fillet.
You can only eat those in a stall.
You can only experience something for the first time once.
You can only find dragon scales as a loot drop by killing dragons.
You can only find this in LA and here.
You can only go so far.
You can only hear what you want to, right?
You can only learn the good things from nature.
You can only let the matter take its own course.
You can only make local calls from the room; you can go to the front desk to call long-distance.
You can only miss so many shifts before termination becomes inevitable.
You can only paint over it again when it's dry.
You can only see it if you crouch down here and look through this hole.
You can only see that in the dead of winter.
You can only see what you like the most.
You can only smoke in the roof garden.
You can only smoke on the patio.
You can only smoke on the terrace.
You can only take advantage of our offer if you are an attendee.
You can only take out 60 euros.
You can only use it once.
You can open it with your mobile.
You can open no mind with a hammer!
You can open the books.
You can open the door.
You can open the window.
You can open your eyes now.
You can open your eyes.
You can open your eyes. I know you're just pretending to be asleep.
You can open your gift now.
You can operate a crane, can't you?
You can opt out if you like.
You can order anything you want.
You can order anything you want. It's on me.
You can organize a fun activity for the kids.
You can overcome obstacles.
You can overcome your problems.
You can overtake them safely after the bend.
You can owe me.
You can paint a flower, but what about it's odor?
You can paint over it again when it's dry.
You can paint.
You can park anywhere you want to.
You can park anywhere you want.
You can park anywhere.
You can park at the trailhead.
You can park behind the hotel.
You can park here.
You can park on either side of the street.
You can park the car in front of the house except Thursdays from 10:00 A.M. to 2:00 P.M.
You can park wherever you want.
You can park your car outside our house.
You can participate in class discussions in school.
You can participate in community service projects through your school.
You can participate in fishing tournaments.
You can participate in school events like talent shows and fundraisers.
You can pass from one train car to another through the vestibule.
You can pay at a counter.
You can pay at the register.
You can pay bail for murder in Thailand.
You can pay by cash.
You can pay cash on delivery, by bank transfer or by postal order.
You can pay cash.
You can pay in cash or with a credit card.
You can pay in cash.
You can pay through the app.
You can pay your mom a visit any time you want.
You can pet a bear once.
You can pet him; he doesn't bite.
You can pet my dog if you want to.
You can pet the dog.
You can phone whenever you feel like it.
You can pick medlars when they're still rock-hard and leave them in a dark place to blet.
You can pick out any book you like.
You can pick up a lot of words by reading.
You can pick up shavers from the hotel's front desk.
You can pick up the key from reception.
You can pick up your purse at lost property in Goethe Street.
You can pick up your purse at the lost-property office in Goethe Street.
You can play Go on a sheet of paper by drawing a grid and marking O's and X's on the intersections as you play.
You can play Go using whatever you have, such as poker chips, beads, buttons, coins, etc. You do not need to use Go stones.
You can play PS2 games on a PC using an emulator.
You can play a musical instrument, can't you?
You can play all triple-A games flawlessly at ultra high settings for several years with this computer.
You can play an instrument.
You can play as a human, as an elf or as a dwarf.
You can play checkers with chess pieces, but not chess with checkers.
You can play checkers with chess pieces, but not the other way around.
You can play chess? Why didn't you say so before?
You can play chess? Why didn't you say so?
You can play free, but for a small fee, you can get an advantage over other players.
You can play music and be a Muslim.
You can play music.
You can play outside if you don't make yourself dirty.
You can play outside if you want to.
You can play outside if you want.
You can play so many more notes on this instrument.
You can play the game.
You can play this game in different ways.
You can play this piano, but not at night.
You can play with my dog if you want to.
You can play your own music.
You can polish the faucet with a soft cloth.
You can pour the liquid by using a funnel.
You can pour the wine into the glass.
You can practically do nothing.
You can practice catch-and-release fishing to protect the environment.
You can practice speaking in English with me.
You can practice your writing here and get feedback on it, but having a conversation through this platform is really hard.
You can practise how to fly an aeroplane in the flight simulator.
You can practise how to fly an aeroplane using a simulator.
You can practise meditation almost anywhere.
You can practise your driving here.
You can pray all you want.
You can pray here.
You can pray in this room.
You can pray there.
You can pray to him for help.
You can predict their reactions with surprising accuracy.
You can pretend that nothing is happening, but that doesn't mean it's true.
You can pretend to be serious, but you can't pretend to be funny.
You can pretend to be whoever you want to be.
You can probably buy one of these cheaper elsewhere.
You can probably buy one of these cheaper someplace else.
You can probably buy one of these cheaper somewhere else.
You can probably cut it with a pair of scissors.
You can probably do that by yourself.
You can probably do that by yourselves.
You can probably do that without any help.
You can probably guess what happened next.
You can probably guess what happens though.
You can probably learn how to do that in about three hours.
You can probably learn how to do that in three hours.
You can probably learn to do that in about three hours.
You can probably read this book in about three hours.
You can probably read this without my help.
You can procrastinate and play with the settings on the massage bed!
You can produce alpha waves in your brain when you meditate.
You can profit from your free time.
You can prolong the life of your clothing by washing it sparingly.
You can proofread sentences and "adopt" sentences that you think are good.
You can protect me.
You can prove nothing to Tom.
You can purchase a faucet repair kit online.
You can purchase a faucet repair manual for guidance.
You can purchase a ticket from the conductor.
You can purchase it here.
You can purchase this medicine without a prescription.
You can put a solar panel where there's a lot of sunlight.
You can put a tenth of a percent or a hundredth of a percent of nanotubes in a plastic and make it conductive and use it to protect your computer case from static discharge.
You can put anything into a hodgepodge.
You can put five of them across the head of a match.
You can put into practice the plan you thought up.
You can put it anywhere.
You can put it down now.
You can put it here.
You can put it there.
You can put it up here.
You can put lipstick on a pig, but it's still a pig.
You can put me in jail, but you cannot give me narrower quarters than as a seaman I have always had; you cannot give me coarser food than as a seaman I have always eaten; you cannot make me lonelier than as a seaman I have always been.
You can put on your jacket now.
You can put on your vest.
You can put that down now.
You can put the flowers on the table.
You can put this car to use as you like.
You can put vinegar on your fries. I love doing so.
You can put your glasses on the bedside table.
You can put your jacket on now.
You can put your name on a name tag.
You can put your stuff in this closet.
You can put your talents to good use if you become a designer.
You can put your vest on.
You can quickly find a room to let if you want to stay tonight.
You can quiz me.
You can quote me on that.
You can raise goats on one acre of land.
You can re-gift the present if you don't want it.
You can reach him at this number.
You can reach me at the address written here.
You can reach me at this number.
You can reach out for us.
You can reach the other side of the road by going through this subway.
You can reach the park by either road.
You can reach the village by bus.
You can reach your goals!
You can read French, can't you?
You can read a lot more than you think you can.
You can read a magazine in your free time.
You can read all about it on my website.
You can read any book that interests you.
You can read anything you want.
You can read between the lines.
You can read it after Tom.
You can read it after her.
You can read it after him.
You can read it for yourself.
You can read it in Berber.
You can read something else if you want.
You can read ten books in a week? Don't you mean in a month?
You can read ten books in a week? Don’t you mean in a month?
You can read the most recent comments on sentences in all languages.
You can read the program of the festival on the brochure.
You can read this book.
You can read what members are talking about.
You can read what's on the wall.
You can read whatever you want into it, but I didn't mean anything by it.
You can read where you were, but you can't write where you'll be.
You can read, can't you?
You can read.
You can read?
You can really eat four bread rolls? I can hardly eat two.
You can really express ugliness in your language.
You can rearrange the furniture in the apartment.
You can reason with those spirits.
You can reasonably expect her to come.
You can recognize Mr. Oz by his red hair.
You can recognize a bird by its feathers and a man by his friends.
You can recognize a good worker by his tools.
You can recognize wheat by its market.
You can record audio files.
You can recover from your trauma.
You can recover.
You can redecorate the house.
You can redeem your gift tokens at the booth over there.
You can reduce your home's heating and cooling costs through proper insulation and air sealing techniques.
You can register for free and become a member.
You can register for free.
You can register for the subjects on the computer.
You can regret it all you want, but it won't do you any good now.
You can regret it all you want, but it won’t do you any good now.
You can relax in the summer sun.
You can relax now.
You can relax now. It's over.
You can relax on the grass, but don't trample it.
You can relax.
You can relax. No one's going to bother you.
You can relax. Nothing bad will happen to you.
You can rely on Jack.
You can rely on Tom's proven ability.
You can rely on Tom.
You can rely on her.
You can rely on him.
You can rely on him. He never lets you down.
You can rely on his proven ability.
You can rely on me at all times, I want you to know.
You can rely on me.
You can rely on my support.
You can rely on their coming on time.
You can rely on us.
You can rely upon him.
You can rely upon his being punctual.
You can remain silent.
You can remember the taxonomic hierarchy with the mnemonic, "Dear Ken, please come over for gay sex."
You can remodel the house.
You can remodel the kitchen in the house.
You can remove the NNC.
You can remove the yolk from an egg without cracking it by creating a small hole in the eggshell with a needle.
You can renovate the house.
You can rent a bicycle by the hour at this shop.
You can rent a bike at the park.
You can rent a boat by the hour.
You can repaint the house exterior.
You can repair multiple windshield chips and cracks with this tube of resin.
You can replace Yuri.
You can replace a little bit of the white flour with rye flour.
You can replace the old faucet with a modern design.
You can resolve this as a system of equations.
You can rest assured all my love's for you.
You can rest assured.
You can rest for a little bit.
You can rest.
You can return home.
You can ride my bicycle if you want.
You can ride with Tom.
You can ride with me.
You can ring whenever you fancy.
You can ring whenever you feel like it.
You can run on ahead and I'll catch you up later.
You can run very fast, can't you?
You can run, but you can't hide.
You can run, but you can’t hide.
You can safely assume that anything the aggressor says is a lie.
You can safely forget about that!
You can save a great deal of money if you decide not to buy branded goods.
You can save a lot of money if you buy in bulk.
You can save a lot of money if you decide not to buy branded goods.
You can save a lot of money if you decide not to buy branded products.
You can save as much as 10% a year on heating and cooling by simply turning your thermostat back 4°-6°C for 8 hours a day from its normal setting.
You can save as much as 10% a year on heating and cooling by simply turning your thermostat back 7°-10°F for 8 hours a day from its normal setting.
You can save energy by turning off the lights when you leave a room.
You can save energy by turning the heating down when you're not there.
You can save face with a happy smile.
You can save money on your heating and cooling bills by simply resetting your thermostat when you are asleep or away from home.
You can save water by installing a low-flow faucet.
You can save your breath. There is no use talking to him.
You can save your life and your family lives by always preparing for earthquakes.
You can save yourself a lot of trouble by just doing it right the first time.
You can save yourself a lot of trouble by selling this car.
You can save yourself the bother.
You can save yourself the trouble.
You can say anything on the Internet.
You can say anything you want about me, but don't say anything bad about Tom.
You can say anything you want in Berber.
You can say anything you want.
You can say it both ways, right?
You can say it both ways.
You can say it either way.
You can say it like that, but it's rude.
You can say no.
You can say that again!
You can say that again.
You can say that the circumstances were thus in the period leading up to the declaration of war.
You can say that to Tom yourself.
You can say this in two ways.
You can say what you like, but I'll never forgive you.
You can say what you like.
You can say what you want.
You can say what you want. I'm not giving up.
You can say whatever you like.
You can say whatever you want to.
You can say whatever you want.
You can say you're a cat, but you'd still be a rat.
You can scream all you want.
You can search for his number in this telephone book.
You can search for sentences containing a certain word, and you'll get translations for the sentences. Why sentences, you may ask? It's because sentences are more interesting.
You can search for sentences.
You can search me!
You can search sentences containing a certain word and get translations for these sentences.
You can search words, and get translations. But it's not exactly a typical dictionary.
You can search words, and get translations. But it’s not exactly a typical dictionary.
You can see Tom in the morning.
You can see a book.
You can see a deep weariness in her face.
You can see a house through the trees.
You can see a large number of shooting stars in summer.
You can see a lot of Native Americans in Alaska.
You can see a lot of animals in this forest.
You can see a lot of fallen trees in the street.
You can see a lot of shooting stars in summer.
You can see a lot of stars away from the city.
You can see a lot of stars in the sky.
You can see a lot of uprooted trees in the street.
You can see a red sky in this picture.
You can see a white tower over there.
You can see better from here.
You can see better from up here.
You can see both sides of almost any issue -- and while it might exasperate your friends and lead to a few Hamlet moments, you're perfectly happy with your broad perspective.
You can see both sides of almost any issue -- and while it might exasperate your friends and lead to a few Hamlet moments, you’re perfectly happy with your broad perspective
You can see by my clothes that I'm a Muslim woman.
You can see by my clothes that I'm a Muslim.
You can see cars and buses in every city.
You can see dust everywhere.
You can see for miles from the roof.
You can see for yourself.
You can see for yourselves.
You can see from his chin that takes after his father.
You can see from the soot on the walls that the fire reached this floor as well.
You can see he's ill.
You can see her in the morning.
You can see him in the morning.
You can see him with my permission.
You can see how clean the towels are.
You can see how dirty these towels are.
You can see how dirty this towel is.
You can see how greasy this towel is.
You can see how much difference a few degrees can make.
You can see how well bananas grow in Algeria.
You can see infrared, can't you?
You can see it from as far as over there.
You can see it from here.
You can see it now.
You can see it playing out in real time.
You can see it with the naked eye.
You can see it, but you cannot take it away.
You can see it, right?
You can see just a shadow of my lip freckle coming through.
You can see many animals in this forest.
You can see me in the front row!
You can see me in the morning.
You can see me, but myself I cannot see you!
You can see me, can't you?
You can see millions of stars on this hill.
You can see now this is why I don't want to get married.
You can see our school from here.
You can see people standing in the street through a gap in the shutters.
You can see planet Venus in the sky tonight.
You can see some wild rabbits in the forest.
You can see stars with a telescope.
You can see symbols of freemasonry on the one dollar bill.
You can see that I'm tired, can't you?
You can see that every day.
You can see that from the title.
You can see that he's ill.
You can see that mountain's perpetual snow from here.
You can see that some links below are affiliates, yet have no additional cost passed down to you.
You can see that the architect paid scrupulous attention to detail.
You can see that the house is solidly built.
You can see that the house was solidly built.
You can see that, can't you?
You can see the Algerian flag over there.
You can see the Dome of the Rock up ahead.
You can see the Empire State Building from here.
You can see the Golden Gate Bridge from here.
You can see the Skytree from there.
You can see the ancient ruins in the distance.
You can see the beautiful variegation on the leaves of this ivy.
You can see the colors of the spectrum in a rainbow.
You can see the crack in the windshield disappear.
You can see the difference very easily.
You can see the difference, can't you?
You can see the differences very easily.
You can see the filament inside the light bulb.
You can see the house was built firm.
You can see the house was built solidly.
You can see the hummingbird, can't you?
You can see the island in the distance.
You can see the large exhibition at the department store anytime.
You can see the mosque in the background.
You can see the ocean from this narrow field-of-view.
You can see the ocean on your right.
You can see the pool from the garden.
You can see the roof of my house from here.
You can see the roof of the house from there.
You can see the sadness in Yanni.
You can see the same thing on the playing field.
You can see the sea from here when it's not hazy.
You can see the sea from that hilltop.
You can see the sea from the hilltop.
You can see the sea from this window.
You can see the sea on your right.
You can see the server chat.
You can see the setting sun from the window.
You can see the smokestacks of the factory from the window.
You can see the stars clearly tonight.
You can see the stars using a telescope.
You can see the stars with your naked eye, and even better through a telescope.
You can see the sun peeking through the clouds.
You can see the sun setting from the window.
You can see the tower from here.
You can see the whole city from here.
You can see the whole city from this hill.
You can see the whole city skyline from here.
You can see the whole park from the restaurant.
You can see them in the morning.
You can see them laughing and dancing at night.
You can see there's a problem.
You can see this easily if you put a straw into a glass of water.
You can see this everywhere you go in Algeria.
You can see us in the morning.
You can see well enough.
You can select a word from any one of the brackets, and it will become a valid English sentence.
You can select any one word from each of the brackets, and it will create a valid English sentence.
You can sell it.
You can sell them if you don't want them.
You can sell your products online.
You can send Tom for the shopping.
You can send private messages to other members.
You can send us your application via email, but if you can also use snail mail if you absolutely must.
You can set a clock ahead, but not time.
You can set a timer and it'll turn itself off.
You can set a timer and it'll turn off by itself.
You can set the white of an egg by boiling it.
You can set up a birdhouse.
You can sew.
You can shape your life the way you want it to be through the people you meet in daily life.
You can share your fishing experiences with others.
You can share your ideas at the meeting.
You can shout your head off, but I will not answer until you calm down.
You can show that you have a large vocabulary without burdening your readers with added information.
You can shower here.
You can shut up now.
You can simply change the subject.
You can sin against your dog, too.
You can sing a song.
You can sing if you want to.
You can sing much better than Tom can.
You can sing much better than Tom.
You can sing with us if you want to.
You can sing, right?
You can sing.
You can sit a little closer.
You can sit anywhere you like.
You can sit anywhere you want.
You can sit at any place that you like.
You can sit between me and Meg.
You can sit by the exotic plants in front of the lake, away from the noise.
You can sit down again.
You can sit down if you like.
You can sit down if you want.
You can sit down now.
You can sit down.
You can sit either in front of or behind Paul.
You can sit here if you want to.
You can sit here.
You can sit if you want.
You can sit in front of or next to Paul.
You can sit in my chair.
You can sit in the armchair if you want each arm to have support.
You can sit in the chair.
You can sit next to me if you want to.
You can sit next to me.
You can sit over there.
You can sit where you like.
You can sit wherever you like.
You can sit wherever you want to.
You can sit wherever you want.
You can sit with me.
You can skate safely on this side of the lake.
You can skate, can't you?
You can ski and go to the beach in the same day.
You can ski as well as your brother.
You can ski on that hill.
You can skip stage three of the certification process and advance immediately to stage six.
You can sleep as late as you want.
You can sleep first.
You can sleep here for a while if you want to.
You can sleep here if you want to.
You can sleep here if you want.
You can sleep here if you want. I don't mind.
You can sleep here tonight if you want.
You can sleep here tonight.
You can sleep here. I don't mind.
You can sleep if you're tired.
You can sleep in if you want.
You can sleep in my bed if you want.
You can sleep in the hammock.
You can sleep in the spare bedroom.
You can sleep in tomorrow morning.
You can sleep in tomorrow.
You can sleep late tomorrow morning.
You can sleep now.
You can sleep on that one.
You can sleep on the couch.
You can sleep on the pull-out bed.
You can sleep when you're dead.
You can slice the cake now that we're hungry.
You can slip through the fence on all fours.
You can smash your guitar on the stage, but I won't buy you another one.
You can smell the chocolate from outside!
You can smell the coming storm.
You can smell the ocean from here.
You can smoke a cigar when you grow up.
You can smoke a decoder if you are not careful.
You can smoke a pipe when you grow up.
You can smoke here.
You can smoke in this room.
You can soak up the rays of the morning sun lying on your deckchair.
You can soak up the water droplets with a cloth.
You can soften dialysis tubing by soaking it in water.
You can solve anything without yelling.
You can solve the problem in nonviolent ways.
You can speak Berber with me.
You can speak English well, can you not?
You can speak English well, can't you?
You can speak English well, can’t you?
You can speak English.
You can speak French, can't you?
You can speak French.
You can speak German.
You can speak Spanish.
You can speak a foreign language more quickly if you're not afraid of making mistakes.
You can speak about the future in the English language, and this is usually called the future tense. But many linguists (people who study languages) will tell you that the English language does not actually have a future tense.
You can speak as you actually feel.
You can speak both Russian and Chinese.
You can speak casually with me.
You can speak freely, Tom.
You can speak in Chinese. Lily will translate for me.
You can speak now.
You can speak out freely here.
You can speak roughly forty different languages.
You can speak so many languages!
You can speak to God directly.
You can speak to a child the same way you speak to everyone else.
You can speak, I am listening.
You can speak, right?
You can speak.
You can spell it with or without a hyphen.
You can spend days walking around Algiers.
You can spend the night at my place.
You can spend the night at our place.
You can spend the night here.
You can spend the night if you want to.
You can spend the night if you want.
You can spend the night with us if you want to.
You can spend the night with us if you want.
You can spend the night with us.
You can spend the night.
You can spend your time in any way you want; it's your time, after all.
You can spend your time in any way you want; it’s your time, after all.
You can spin it however you like, but the truth is that you still like Tom, don't you?
You can spit in one hand, and hope in the other, and see which one gets filled up first.
You can spread this fig jam easy on bread.
You can square-dance.
You can stand up if you want to.
You can start anytime.
You can start for free!
You can start heathers with seeds.
You can start if you want, but on your head be it.
You can start learning Berber by clicking this link.
You can start learning to win by learning to draw.
You can start right away.
You can start right now.
You can start without me.
You can start without me. I'm not very hungry.
You can start.
You can stay a little longer if you want.
You can stay as long as you like.
You can stay as long as you need until you find your next place.
You can stay as long as you want to.
You can stay as long as you want.
You can stay at my house.
You can stay at my place.
You can stay at our place if you like.
You can stay for a while if you want to.
You can stay for dinner.
You can stay here all night if you want.
You can stay here as long as you don't make any noise.
You can stay here as long as you don’t make any noise.
You can stay here as long as you keep quiet.
You can stay here as long as you like.
You can stay here as long as you want to.
You can stay here as long as you want.
You can stay here as long as you're quiet.
You can stay here for a while if you want to.
You can stay here for the night.
You can stay here if you like.
You can stay here if you want to.
You can stay here if you want.
You can stay here till the snow stops.
You can stay here tonight if you want.
You can stay here tonight.
You can stay here until the snow stops.
You can stay here until you find a place to live.
You can stay here with us.
You can stay home after the party.
You can stay if only you are quiet.
You can stay if you like.
You can stay if you want to.
You can stay if you want.
You can stay in Australia as long as you like.
You can stay in Boston as long as you like.
You can stay in a room.
You can stay in here.
You can stay in my guest house.
You can stay in my place.
You can stay in my room.
You can stay in the extra bedroom if you want.
You can stay in the guest room.
You can stay in the spare room if you want.
You can stay only if you are quiet.
You can stay only if you're quiet.
You can stay the night here; there is no problem.
You can stay the night if you want.
You can stay there only for so long.
You can stay till tonight.
You can stay tonight with me.
You can stay up late if you want.
You can stay with Tom while you're in town.
You can stay with me for now.
You can stay with me.
You can stay with us as long as you need to.
You can stay with us as long as you want to.
You can stay with us for now.
You can stay with us for the night.
You can stay with us for the time being.
You can stay with us if you want.
You can stay with us tonight.
You can stay with us.
You can stay.
You can still be finished with that before 2.30.
You can still catch up with him if you hurry.
You can still change your mind.
You can still count on me, even though I'm not young anymore.
You can still deploy that strategy.
You can still do it if you want.
You can still do it.
You can still do that if you want to.
You can still do that pretty well, can't you?
You can still do that, can't you?
You can still do those things.
You can still get COVID if you're fully vaccinated.
You can still get asparagus in the winter.
You can still get here by midnight.
You can still get it done before 2.30.
You can still get that finished before 2.30.
You can still get that finished before 2:30.
You can still go if you want to.
You can still go to the game with Leonid.
You can still help Tom, can't you?
You can still help Tom.
You can still improve your Berber.
You can still see the remains of the fortress there.
You can still see the scorch marks from last week's fire.
You can still see the ship.
You can still stay here.
You can still swim quite well, can't you?
You can still win.
You can stop by at about 2:30.
You can stop covering your ears now. The TV is off.
You can stop doing that if you want to.
You can stop doing that now.
You can stop doing that.
You can stop doing this.
You can stop looking for it now. I've found it.
You can stop lying.
You can stop now.
You can stop the thrust of a liquid rocket by turning off the flow of propellants.
You can stop this.
You can stop worrying about Tom.
You can stop worrying about it.
You can stop.
You can store figs in the refrigerator for up to a week.
You can store information if you use a computer.
You can study IP related material during work hours when you have time to spare.
You can study Islam here.
You can study here.
You can study in my office if you want to.
You can study it here.
You can study no matter how old you are.
You can study, no matter your age.
You can study.
You can submit an informal application at any time.
You can succeed in your life.
You can suggest some ideas at the meeting.
You can support charitable organizations by donating money.
You can support me by buying from my shop.
You can swap conventional fillings, toppings, or patties out for a healthy and tasty seafood alternative.
You can swim better than I can.
You can swim much better than Tom can.
You can swim much better than Tom.
You can swim much better than he can.
You can swim much better than him.
You can swim very well.
You can swim, but I can't swim.
You can swim, but I can't.
You can swim, but I can’t swim.
You can swim, can't you?
You can swim, can’t you?
You can swim, right?
You can swim, too, if you want.
You can swim.
You can switch the light off now. It's bright enough.
You can switch the light off now. It's light enough.
You can switch to a different faucet style for a new look.
You can tag along if you want.
You can take a boat trip to the island.
You can take a break.
You can take a bus or a tram.
You can take a defeat two ways: either you can lose heart, or you can learn from your mistakes.
You can take a few clippings of this ivy.
You can take a girl out of Balashikha, but you can never take Balashikha out of a girl.
You can take a helicopter from our town to Ziri's town.
You can take a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.
You can take a horse to water, but you can’t make him drink.
You can take a joke.
You can take a nap when you get home.
You can take a shower in the upstairs bathroom.
You can take a step back now.
You can take a taxi.
You can take a week off if you need to.
You can take advanced classes in school to challenge yourself.
You can take advantage of your free time.
You can take all of it. I don't want it any more.
You can take any train you like from platform 5.
You can take anything that you want.
You can take anything you want.
You can take as many as you like.
You can take as many of these apples as you want as long as you leave me a few.
You can take as much as you want.
You can take away my title if you want.
You can take both books.
You can take care of things like a secretary.
You can take defeat two ways: you can lose heart, or you can learn from your mistakes.
You can take either book.
You can take either road to get to the park.
You can take either road.
You can take her at her word on that.
You can take horse riding lessons.
You can take it all. I don't want any of it.
You can take it all. I don't want it any more.
You can take it easy.
You can take it or leave it, but I'm not changing my price.
You can take it or leave it.
You can take it.
You can take it. I really don't need it as much as you think.
You can take my car if you like.
You can take my car if you want.
You can take my car.
You can take my word for it.
You can take my word that she is innocent.
You can take off as much clothing as you like.
You can take off the bandage tomorrow.
You can take or leave my suggestions, as you wish. It's no skin off my nose.
You can take over now.
You can take part in the conference irrespective of whether you are proficient in many languages or only one.
You can take part in the meeting regardless of your age.
You can take single words or expressions from the text, but not complete sentences.
You can take that to the bank.
You can take that with you.
You can take the bus to the station.
You can take the credit.
You can take the escalator or the elevator.
You can take the escalator or the lift.
You can take the medicine before or after a meal; it doesn't matter.
You can take them with you if you want.
You can take them. I don't need them anymore.
You can take this for the record.
You can take today off.
You can take turns playing with the toys.
You can take up to ten books at the library.
You can take what you want.
You can take whatever you like.
You can take whatever you want.
You can take whichever road you like.
You can take whichever way you like.
You can take your time.
You can talk about anything under the sun.
You can talk freely here.
You can talk here.
You can talk in front of me.
You can talk later.
You can talk loudly.
You can talk now.
You can talk the talk, but can you walk the walk?
You can talk to Marcus about anything.
You can talk to Tom now if you want to.
You can talk to Tom now if you want.
You can talk to Tom, right?
You can talk to Tom.
You can talk to her.
You can talk to him, no problem.
You can talk to him.
You can talk to me about anything you want.
You can talk to me anytime.
You can talk to me casually.
You can talk to me directly.
You can talk to me, you know?
You can talk to me.
You can talk to them.
You can talk to us.
You can talk until you're blue in the face, but you'll never convince me.
You can talk until you’re blue in the face, but you’ll never convince me.
You can talk well!
You can talk with her.
You can talk with me in any of my languages, but I'm most comfortable with French.
You can talk, but you need to listen to me, as well. I also have the right to speak.
You can talk, can't you?
You can talk.
You can talk. I'm listening.
You can tax cows, but they'll never be the ones paying them.
You can teach good manners to children without resorting to punishment.
You can teach someone else how to fish.
You can teach the kids how to draw.
You can teach yourself Berber.
You can teach yourself French.
You can teach yourself Vietnamese.
You can teach.
You can tear the box open.
You can tell Dylan Mulvaney is a woman by the way the right is pathologically obsessed with her.
You can tell Tom I said so.
You can tell Tom I said that.
You can tell Tom and Mary really don't want to be here.
You can tell Tom anything you want.
You can tell Tom for all I care.
You can tell Tom not to worry.
You can tell Tom really doesn't want to be here.
You can tell Tom really wants it.
You can tell Tom that I said that.
You can tell Tom that.
You can tell Tom what you want.
You can tell Tom whatever you like.
You can tell Tom whatever you want.
You can tell Tom yourself.
You can tell Tom.
You can tell Yanni to go to hell.
You can tell a lot about a person by the state of their garden.
You can tell a lot about a woman's mood based on her hands. For example, if she's holding a gun, she's probably angry.
You can tell a lot about someone by the company they keep.
You can tell a lot about someone from their accent.
You can tell a mile away.
You can tell by Tom's accent that he's Canadian.
You can tell by Tom's accent that he's from Australia.
You can tell by her intonation that she lived in a Spanish speaking country when she was young.
You can tell by his mannerisms. He's scared.
You can tell by the way Tom looks at Mary that he's in love with her.
You can tell from his accent that he's not local.
You can tell from the jargon alone that these instructions were written for experienced builders and not the average consumer.
You can tell he has a short fuse because it doesn't take much to get him mad. The other day, they accidentally gave him fries instead of chips and he absolutely lost it!
You can tell he has high blood pressure.
You can tell he's a smart guy.
You can tell he's ill.
You can tell her I said so.
You can tell her not to worry.
You can tell her what you want.
You can tell her yourself.
You can tell her.
You can tell him I said so.
You can tell him anything you want.
You can tell him for all I care.
You can tell him not to worry.
You can tell him what you want.
You can tell him yourself.
You can tell him.
You can tell how much they care about each other.
You can tell it's Western by the dualism.
You can tell it's good just by the aroma.
You can tell just by looking at Tom that he isn't having any fun here.
You can tell just by looking at Tom that he's not having any fun here.
You can tell me all about it later.
You can tell me all about that some other time.
You can tell me anything you like and I won't tell anyone else.
You can tell me anything.
You can tell me anything. I'm your friend.
You can tell me the details later.
You can tell me the story, trust me.
You can tell me the truth.
You can tell me tomorrow.
You can tell me yourself.
You can tell me.
You can tell me. I won't tell anyone.
You can tell that this text is a translation.
You can tell the T-shirt is old because it's faded.
You can tell the age of a tree from the growth rings on a saw cut.
You can tell the truth.
You can tell them I said so.
You can tell them what you want.
You can tell them yourself.
You can tell them.
You can tell they have no taste in furniture because their apartment is filled to the brim with tawdry garbage they bought on clearance.
You can tell this is an old meme because it says "political correctness" instead of "wokeness."
You can tell this is college radio. First of all, they actually play records; secondly, they keep playing them at the wrong speed.
You can tell us yourself.
You can tell us.
You can tell what a person is like by looking at his friends.
You can tell whether a person is clever by his answers. You can tell if a person is wise by the questions he asks.
You can tell!
You can test the faucet for leaks after installation.
You can thank Tom for that.
You can thank Tom for this.
You can thank Tom.
You can thank me later.
You can think all you want about me, I just don't care for your personal opinion of me.
You can think of the rest yourself.
You can think that if you want.
You can think what you like — I don't mind.
You can think what you like — it's no skin off my nose.
You can think what you want.
You can think what you want; it doesn't matter to me.
You can think whatever you want.
You can think.
You can throw all these letters away.
You can toggle on the dark theme in the hamburger menu.
You can touch it if you want.
You can touch it, if you like.
You can train your memory.
You can translate a sentence by clicking on this icon whenever you see it.
You can travel from Osaka to Tokyo in an hour by plane.
You can travel how you please.
You can travel the canals of Venice by gondola.
You can trust China as a partner.
You can trust John. He will never let you down.
You can trust Kamal.
You can trust Tom and me.
You can trust Tom to keep his promise.
You can trust Tom to keep his word.
You can trust Tom with any job.
You can trust Tom.
You can trust Tom. He'll never betray you.
You can trust Tom. He's as straight as an arrow.
You can trust a native speaker to know about their own language.
You can trust all of us.
You can trust her, she always keeps her promises.
You can trust her.
You can trust him to keep his word.
You can trust him to some degree but not wholly.
You can trust him to some degree, but not wholly.
You can trust him with any job.
You can trust him.
You can trust him. He'll never betray you.
You can trust me, Tom.
You can trust me.
You can trust that I will never break my promise.
You can trust them.
You can trust us.
You can try but never stop me.
You can try doing that if you want to, but I don't think you'll be able to do it.
You can try if you want, but I doubt you'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
You can try it before you buy it.
You can try it for free for a month.
You can try on that suit.
You can try saying something like "I won't be home until after midnight."
You can try that right now.
You can try this experiment at home.
You can try three times.
You can try to translate this sentence. It's very easy.
You can try.
You can tune a guitar, but you can't tune a fish.
You can turn a clock forward, but not time.
You can turn around now.
You can turn off the TV if you like. I'm not watching it.
You can turn off the TV.
You can turn off the radio now.
You can turn on the heater if you're cold.
You can turn on the lights by clapping.
You can turn on the television, if you want.
You can turn out the lights now.
You can turn the music off if you want to.
You can turn the radio off now.
You can turn your words from garbage into gold.
You can type, can't you?
You can type, can’t you?
You can understand French, can't you?
You can understand French, right?
You can understand Swedish.
You can understand me.
You can understand that, right?
You can undress in the car.
You can upgrade to a touch-sensitive faucet for convenience.
You can upgrade to a two-handle faucet for better control.
You can upgrade your computer with more random access memory to make the PC faster.
You can upload pre-programmed images of ordinary people and, using just your thumbs on your PDA, give them a tummy tuck, a nose job, or tighter skin around their eyes.
You can upload your videos, photos, and documents to your Google account and share the links to the files with anyone.
You can use "Koko suwatte mo ii?" when asking a friend or someone close to you.
You can use English at most hotels anywhere in the world.
You can use English at most hotels around the world.
You can use Google Earth in VR, and I can assure you that it is mind-blowing.
You can use Tatoeba to test yourself.
You can use Tifinagh alphabet to write in the Tamazight language.
You can use a carrot and stick approach to getting people to do what you want them to do.
You can use a cellphone while driving, but it must be hands free.
You can use a cloth soaked in vinegar to clean the faucet.
You can use a cloth to wipe the faucet clean.
You can use a decompiler to recover the assembler source code of a compiled file.
You can use a dictionary during the exam.
You can use a dictionary for this exam.
You can use a dreamcatcher to catch your nightmares.
You can use a fine-toothed comb to check for nits.
You can use a keyword to help you remember complicated topics.
You can use a magnifying glass to magnify small text.
You can use a plumber's wrench to tighten the faucet fittings.
You can use a program to compress the file.
You can use a protractor to find the angle.
You can use a psychrometer to measure relative humidity.
You can use a regular Micro USB cable to charge this phone.
You can use a special tool to peel the zest from a lemon, but you could also just use a sharp knife.
You can use a telescope to look at the stars.
You can use a tongue cleaner to clean your tongue.
You can use a tongue scraper to clean your tongue.
You can use a wrench to tighten the faucet nut.
You can use any ingredient that can be skewered on a stick.
You can use anything.
You can use artificial lures while fishing.
You can use custom mouse cursors on Windows!
You can use different types of fishing equipment.
You can use hot water to wash this towel.
You can use it anytime.
You can use it as a paperweight.
You can use it as long as you return it to me afterwards.
You can use it for whatever you want.
You can use live bait while fishing.
You can use margarine as a substitute for butter.
You can use mine if you want to.
You can use mine if you want.
You can use mine.
You can use my bicycle.
You can use my car as long as you drive it carefully.
You can use my car if you drive carefully.
You can use my car if you like.
You can use my car today.
You can use my car, if you want to.
You can use my car.
You can use my computer if you want.
You can use my desk if you want to.
You can use my desk if you want.
You can use my desk.
You can use my dictionary whenever you like.
You can use my dictionary.
You can use my help.
You can use my office, if you like.
You can use my office.
You can use my pen.
You can use my phone.
You can use my shower.
You can use my umbrella if you want.
You can use my umbrella.
You can use or contribute to this project.
You can use our car if you drive carefully.
You can use some other products.
You can use that pen.
You can use that phone.
You can use that tea towel to dry the dishes.
You can use the US dollar to trade in Cuba.
You can use the bath before me.
You can use the book as long as you keep it clean.
You can use the delivery service for a small additional charge.
You can use the dictionary.
You can use the flyover to cross from Andheri East to Andheri West.
You can use the hotel's swimming pool.
You can use the hotel’s swimming pool.
You can use the post office to ship any goods to private individuals and companies.
You can use the subjunctive when expressing a wish.
You can use the textbook as a resource for the homework.
You can use the water in the water butt for watering.
You can use the whiteboard to write down important information for the class.
You can use the word processor anytime.
You can use these baskets for different things.
You can use these baskets for many things.
You can use these tips to learn Berber.
You can use these tools any time you want.
You can use this TV instead.
You can use this book as you see fit.
You can use this car.
You can use this computer any time.
You can use this dictionary.
You can use this flashlight.
You can use this in your classroom.
You can use this mnemonic so you won't forget.
You can use this pen for the time being.
You can use this pen.
You can use this phone.
You can use this program.
You can use this prompt.
You can use this site to improve your skills in your target language but, the goal here is to provide a language corpus for words that are used in context.
You can use this strategy.
You can use this umbrella.
You can use toys to practice problem-solving skills.
You can use whichever pen I'm not using.
You can use whichever pen I’m not using.
You can use your calculators.
You can use your imagination to create stories with toys.
You can use your imagination.
You can usually do all sorts of things here.
You can usually judge people by the company they keep.
You can verify your balance on the bank's site.
You can view members' profiles that have been set to public.
You can view the latest contributions.
You can view the map if you click on the following link.
You can visit NHK any time.
You can visit Tom as often as you like.
You can visit a horse stable.
You can visit me tomorrow.
You can visit me whenever you want.
You can visit the museum tomorrow morning, while I am at the fair, because one person is enough to take care of the information booth.
You can visit us any time.
You can visit us, but Tom mustn't.
You can volunteer to help out at your school.
You can vote again in a minute.
You can vote by absentee ballot.
You can vote for change.
You can wait all afternoon if you like, but Tom won't see you.
You can wait for happiness all you like. It won't come.
You can wait for her here.
You can wait for me here.
You can wait for them here.
You can wait here.
You can wait if you want.
You can wait in the car.
You can wait in this room.
You can wait outside.
You can wait over there.
You can wait till the cows come home.
You can wait until the cows come home!
You can wake me up with a nice kiss.
You can walk around here, no problem.
You can walk away from all of this if you want to.
You can walk for all I care.
You can walk on the roof terrace.
You can walk out or be carried out.
You can walk there from here.
You can walk there, but it'll take you about thirty minutes.
You can walk there.
You can walk to 'most everything in our city.
You can walk, or alternatively, I'll drive you there in my car.
You can walk, or alternatively, I’ll drive you there in my car.
You can walk.
You can warm up food in the microwave oven.
You can wash your underwear in the sink.
You can watch TV after supper.
You can watch TV after you finish your homework.
You can watch TV after you've done your homework.
You can watch TV.
You can watch VR videos right here in your browser, all thanks to WebVR.
You can watch YouTube while traveling in Algeria.
You can watch basketball on TV.
You can watch if you don't want to partake.
You can watch movies with English subtitles using this link.
You can watch my video after this one.
You can watch some TV.
You can watch television after dinner.
You can watch television here.
You can watch television.
You can watch telly here.
You can watch the cows amble through the pasture.
You can watch the game.
You can watch the movie whenever you want.
You can watch the video.
You can watch this video in Arabic.
You can wear anything you like.
You can wear anything you want to.
You can wear anything you want.
You can wear my Kabyle dress.
You can wear my scarf as long as you don't spill anything on it.
You can wear my scarf as long as you don’t spill anything on it.
You can wear my shirt to the gym.
You can wear this jumper at home, but you can't go out in it.
You can wear this watch when you're swimming.
You can wear your undershirt.
You can weigh your baggage in this balance.
You can weigh your luggage on these scales.
You can win all the battles yet lose the war.
You can wipe that smile off your face.
You can wipe your shoes with this yellow cloth.
You can withdraw some money out of the bank, if you need any.
You can work around that.
You can work faster than that.
You can work it out.
You can work with me if you like.
You can work.
You can write a sentence in a lot of ways and still give the same general message.
You can write a sentence in a lot of ways and still keep the general message intact.
You can write a sentence in lots of ways and still give the same general message.
You can write a sentence in lots of ways and still keep the general message intact.
You can write a sentence in many ways and still give the same general message.
You can write a sentence in many ways and still keep the general message intact.
You can write a sentence in plenty of ways and still give the same general message.
You can write a sentence in plenty of ways and still keep the general message intact.
You can write in English or Spanish. I'll translate for you.
You can write in that notebook since it's yours.
You can write in whatever language you want. On Tatoeba, all languages are equal.
You can write on the wall.
You can write to me in Hebrew.
You can write whatever you want.
You can yell all you want.
You can't "get" a great relationship; you can only find someone you love from the heart, and work together with them to achieve a great relationship.
You can't abandon Tom.
You can't abandon me.
You can't abandon them.
You can't abstain, Tom. You have to vote yes or no.
You can't abstain, Tom. You must vote yes or no.
You can't accept your failure.
You can't access a class's private methods from another class.
You can't access an instance variable from a static method.
You can't accomplish anything without taking a risk.
You can't accuse Tom of being narrow-minded.
You can't accuse him of stealing unless you have proof.
You can't accuse him of theft without having proof.
You can't achieve anything without effort.
You can't achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
You can't acquire a language without consuming it.
You can't add even a day to your life, but you can give life to every day.
You can't address me like that.
You can't afford not to believe me.
You can't afford not to do this.
You can't afford not to take advantage of this opportunity you are faced with.
You can't afford that one.
You can't afford this.
You can't afford to antagonize Tom.
You can't afford to be careless in this experiment.
You can't afford to be late.
You can't afford to buy that, can you?
You can't afford to neglect your health.
You can't agree with everyone about everything.
You can't all come in at the same time!
You can't all come in.
You can't allow Tom to do that again.
You can't allow Tom to do that anymore.
You can't allow Tom to do that.
You can't allow Tom to win again.
You can't allow Tom to win anymore.
You can't allow Tom to win.
You can't always avoid everything.
You can't always avoid problems.
You can't always be lucky.
You can't always blame others and the system for everything!
You can't always do what you want.
You can't always get the one you want.
You can't always get what you want in life.
You can't always get what you want.
You can't always go with the flow. There are also crises to be tackled.
You can't always have everything in life.
You can't always have your own way.
You can't always hide behind a mask.
You can't always let Tom have his own way.
You can't always make everyone happy.
You can't always play on both sides of the fence.
You can't always please everyone.
You can't always run away.
You can't always win.
You can't apply this rule to every case.
You can't apply this theory to this case.
You can't appreciate his good points by just seeing what he looks like.
You can't appreciate me, so you don't deserve me.
You can't appreciate the flies in all their glory.
You can't appreciate the poem until you have read it many times.
You can't appreciate the poem until you've read it many times.
You can't argue against it.
You can't argue back with death when it has targeted you as its next target.
You can't argue back with the final hour of your death, when it has to happen, it just does.
You can't argue matters of taste.
You can't argue with an angel.
You can't argue with death, when it has to strike, it just does and it doesn't ask for your opinion in the matter.
You can't argue with success.
You can't argue with that.
You can't argue with the facts.
You can't arrest me for being a clown.
You can't ask Tom to change everything about who he is.
You can't ask Tom to do that.
You can't ask a flame not to burn.
You can't ask death to postpone your turn for death at a later date.
You can't ask for more than that.
You can't ask for the impossible.
You can't ask her to do that.
You can't ask him to change everything about who he is.
You can't ask him to do that.
You can't ask me to change everything about who I am.
You can't ask me to do that.
You can't ask me to do this.
You can't ask us to believe this.
You can't ask us to do nothing.
You can't aspire to a political career! Your father will disinherit you.
You can't assign a string to a variable of type integer.
You can't assume that all forms of communism are authoritarian.
You can't attend? Why not?
You can't avoid it.
You can't avoid office politics.
You can't avoid this.
You can't back out now.
You can't back out of your responsibilities.
You can't back out on me now.
You can't back out.
You can't bathe here.
You can't be Scottish.
You can't be Tom Jackson; you must be an AI.
You can't be a Boy Scout, but you could be a Girl Scout.
You can't be a Muslim and still hang out with your friends that smoke weed.
You can't be a blood donor.
You can't be a doctor.
You can't be a lawyer.
You can't be a little pregnant.
You can't be a star in the sky, so be a lamp in the house.
You can't be a woman.
You can't be addicted to pornography the way you can be addicted to drugs.
You can't be afraid to fail.
You can't be afraid to make mistakes when learning a foreign language.
You can't be all different things to all people.
You can't be almost pregnant.
You can't be alone in a German forest.
You can't be an anarchist and a capitalist at the same time.
You can't be approached with a pure heart.
You can't be around today.
You can't be at two places at once.
You can't be back here.
You can't be busy all the time.
You can't be certain of that.
You can't be cooped up in the house all day.
You can't be down here.
You can't be drunk all day unless you start in the morning.
You can't be everyone's friend all the time.
You can't be fooled.
You can't be forced to testify against your husband.
You can't be friends with everybody.
You can't be given anything, you already have everything after all.
You can't be happy all the time.
You can't be here right now.
You can't be here when Tom arrives.
You can't be here.
You can't be hungry. You had a snack a few minutes ago.
You can't be hungry. You've just had dinner.
You can't be hypnotised without your permission.
You can't be impartial if you have a dog in the fight.
You can't be in here.
You can't be in the special forces if you can't climb walls.
You can't be in two places at once.
You can't be in two places at the same time.
You can't be late this time.
You can't be left alone for five minutes!
You can't be liked by everyone you meet in real life. That's just how it goes.
You can't be liked by everyone.
You can't be mad at Yanni because of his religious convictions.
You can't be mad at me forever.
You can't be more Algerian than this.
You can't be much older than I am.
You can't be my friend.
You can't be my professor.
You can't be my teacher.
You can't be neutral when you've never tried to understand different points of view.
You can't be older than I am.
You can't be older than me.
You can't be over thirty years old.
You can't be part of an anti-society. You sit inside all day and browse Tumblr.
You can't be perfect all the time.
You can't be real, can you?
You can't be reasoned with.
You can't be replaced.
You can't be right against him.
You can't be serious!
You can't be serious! He's no more a doctor than I am.
You can't be serious.
You can't be serious?
You can't be seriously considering this.
You can't be sick for the rest of the school year. No one is gonna believe you.
You can't be so sure.
You can't be sure it's not me.
You can't be sure of anything in this world.
You can't be sure of that.
You can't be thirty years old.
You can't be too careful about your health.
You can't be too careful driving on the expressway.
You can't be too careful in choosing friends.
You can't be too careful in choosing your friends.
You can't be too careful in driving a car.
You can't be too careful in situations like this.
You can't be too careful of traffic when you cross the road.
You can't be too careful riding a bike.
You can't be too careful these days.
You can't be too careful when choosing friends.
You can't be too careful when crossing the street.
You can't be too careful when doing this experiment.
You can't be too careful when driving a car.
You can't be too careful when driving.
You can't be too careful when you choose your job.
You can't be too careful when you drive a car.
You can't be too careful when you drive.
You can't be too careful.
You can't be too diligent.
You can't be too good to your parents.
You can't be too vigilant.
You can't be trusted with anything.
You can't be two places at once.
You can't be young.
You can't bear spending time on your own.
You can't beat AI.
You can't beat Tom.
You can't beat a good cup of tea.
You can't beat entropy, Tom. It's a lost cause.
You can't beat everyone.
You can't beat me at this game, faggot.
You can't beat me, Tom. I've been playing tennis since I was a kid.
You can't beat me.
You can't beat the price.
You can't beat the system.
You can't beat us.
You can't become an ama diver if you're not fully committed.
You can't become fluent if you don't practice.
You can't become fluent if you don't speak it with someone.
You can't become fluent in Berber without any effort.
You can't believe a liar, even if he speaks the truth.
You can't believe a word Tom says.
You can't believe a word he says.
You can't believe a word of it.
You can't believe a word of that.
You can't believe anybody.
You can't believe anyone.
You can't believe anything Tom says about me.
You can't believe anything Tom says.
You can't believe anything that guy says.
You can't believe everything you hear.
You can't believe everything you read in the paper.
You can't believe everything you read online.
You can't believe in gods you don't know.
You can't believe that.
You can't bend iron with your bare hands.
You can't bend me to your will.
You can't blame Mary for doing what she did.
You can't blame Tom and Mary for doing what they did.
You can't blame Tom for being curious.
You can't blame Tom for doing that.
You can't blame Tom for doing what he did.
You can't blame Tom for getting angry.
You can't blame Tom for staying at home today.
You can't blame Tom for the accident.
You can't blame Tom for wanting to leave.
You can't blame Tom for wanting to spend time with Mary.
You can't blame Tom for what he did.
You can't blame Ziri.
You can't blame a girl for trying.
You can't blame a guy for trying.
You can't blame a murder on the victim.
You can't blame all your bad luck on Tom.
You can't blame genetics!
You can't blame her for being curious.
You can't blame her for not knowing what she hasn't been taught.
You can't blame her for what she did.
You can't blame her.
You can't blame him for being curious.
You can't blame him for the accident.
You can't blame him for what he did.
You can't blame him.
You can't blame it all on Tom.
You can't blame me for being curious.
You can't blame me for being suspicious.
You can't blame me for that.
You can't blame me for trying.
You can't blame me for worrying about you.
You can't blame me just because I have a different perspective than you.
You can't blame me.
You can't blame them for being curious.
You can't blame them for that.
You can't blame them.
You can't blame this on me.
You can't blame this on us.
You can't blame this one on Tom.
You can't blame this problem on Tom.
You can't blame this problem on me.
You can't blame this whole thing on Tom.
You can't blame us for being curious.
You can't blame yourself for that.
You can't blame yourself for what happened.
You can't blame yourself.
You can't blame yourselves for that.
You can't blow and sip.
You can't both be right.
You can't both be telling the truth.
You can't both be the boss.
You can't brake on snow.
You can't break his mental will power.
You can't break his promises towards you.
You can't break me.
You can't break my trust.
You can't break off our friendship just because I don't think the same way you do.
You can't break the appointment.
You can't break the rules of Islam to please your husband.
You can't breathe here.
You can't bribe that judge.
You can't bring that stuff into a hospital room.
You can't bring that with you.
You can't bring this in.
You can't bring your cat to school.
You can't build a career without facing challenges.
You can't build a house out of rotten logs.
You can't build a straight house in a crooked foundation.
You can't build anything here.
You can't build anything in this area.
You can't build anything with vibes.
You can't build buildings on swampy land.
You can't burn anything without oxygen.
You can't burn the branches in the garden.
You can't bury the truth.
You can't bury your head in the sand.
You can't butter up the dean with platitudes and whisky; he's far more susceptible to tears and skanky clothing.
You can't buy a beer in here.
You can't buy a bicycle like this anywhere else.
You can't buy advertising like that.
You can't buy anything if you have no money.
You can't buy anything interesting in this store.
You can't buy anything like this anywhere else.
You can't buy anything with positive thinking.
You can't buy apples any more!
You can't buy chicken at that price.
You can't buy dignity.
You can't buy everything you want with money.
You can't buy experience.
You can't buy happiness.
You can't buy intelligence.
You can't buy it anymore.
You can't buy it anywhere but there.
You can't buy it under 1,000 yen.
You can't buy me off with shiny beads and sweet talk.
You can't buy me, no matter how rich and powerful you think you are.
You can't buy me.
You can't buy one of those for less than $30.00.
You can't buy one of those for less than thirty dollars.
You can't buy respect.
You can't buy that at the local convenience store.
You can't buy that judge.
You can't buy that kind of loyalty.
You can't buy that now.
You can't buy that.
You can't buy these anywhere anymore.
You can't buy these anywhere else.
You can't buy these from a shop.
You can't buy these in Australia.
You can't buy these in Boston.
You can't buy these in a store.
You can't buy this drug without a prescription.
You can't buy this kind of cheese at most supermarkets.
You can't buy this medicine without a prescription.
You can't buy this.
You can't buy those anymore.
You can't buy trust.
You can't call Tom.
You can't call dogs off from a fight.
You can't call her.
You can't call him.
You can't call them.
You can't camp on the moon.
You can't cancel on Tom.
You can't cancel the meeting.
You can't care for pets.
You can't carry any more items.
You can't carry on like this.
You can't carry people on your bike, didn't you know?
You can't carry the piano on your own.
You can't change Tom.
You can't change Ziri's behavior.
You can't change Ziri.
You can't change her.
You can't change him.
You can't change people if people don't want to change.
You can't change people. They have to change themselves.
You can't change plans on people at the last minute.
You can't change that.
You can't change the Quran.
You can't change the life path that the universe has bestowed upon you.
You can't change the past.
You can't change the world, but you can change yourself.
You can't change the world.
You can't change them.
You can't change what happened to you.
You can't change what happened to you; you can only control what you do with it going forward.
You can't change what's already happened.
You can't change who you are.
You can't change your horse when crossing a river.
You can't change your mind now.
You can't change your sex.
You can't change your sexuality.
You can't change your username.
You can't charge that much.
You can't chase away death when your turn has come.
You can't chase away events and people who are meant to be and who are meant to happen along your own life path.
You can't chatter during class.
You can't cheat fate.
You can't chicken out of this business deal now.
You can't choose your masters.
You can't choose your parents.
You can't clap with just one hand.
You can't cling to the past.
You can't close that. It's unclosable.
You can't close your eyes to that.
You can't come any closer.
You can't come at the same time!
You can't come here.
You can't come in here!
You can't come in here.
You can't come in with that stick.
You can't come in with this.
You can't come in.
You can't come now. There's a lot going on. Maybe you could come later.
You can't come over tonight.
You can't come over.
You can't come to Australia with me.
You can't come to Boston with me.
You can't come to the party dressed like that!
You can't come tomorrow.
You can't come up with a clear explanation for every little thing in life.
You can't come with me today.
You can't come with us.
You can't come.
You can't communicate without a basic understanding of certain rules.
You can't compare Algeria to India.
You can't compare India with China.
You can't compare a lamp with the flame of a candle.
You can't compare an apple with a potato.
You can't compare them.
You can't compete with Tom.
You can't compete with her.
You can't compete with him.
You can't compete with me at any level.
You can't compete with me.
You can't compete with them.
You can't compete with us.
You can't complain about that!
You can't complain about your grades if you don't put in any effort.
You can't complain too much.
You can't complain.
You can't conjugate this word because it's not a verb.
You can't constantly have all the answers here and now.
You can't contact Tom directly.
You can't continue to act as though everything is fine.
You can't continue to pretend as though everything is OK.
You can't control anyone's behavior.
You can't control everybody.
You can't control everything.
You can't control me, Tom.
You can't control me.
You can't control me. You can't run my life.
You can't control that.
You can't control this.
You can't convince a believer of anything; for their belief is not based on evidence, it's based on a deep-seated need to believe.
You can't convince death to keep you alive, death won't take your personal wishes into account.
You can't convince me.
You can't cook turkey like it's just a big chicken.
You can't cook.
You can't cop out on explaining a price increase of that size by blaming OPEC; that won't wash.
You can't copyright that.
You can't correct everything.
You can't count on Tom for financial help.
You can't count on Tom's help.
You can't count on Tom.
You can't count on anyone to help you with this.
You can't count on her help.
You can't count on him for financial help.
You can't count on him.
You can't count on his help.
You can't count on their help.
You can't cover with what's already torn.
You can't crack funny jokes about a topic as worrisome as death.
You can't crack funny jokes around the idea of death.
You can't crack jokes on a topic such as death.
You can't crack up light humorous jokes on a subject as worrisome as death.
You can't create something you can't imagine.
You can't criticize her every action based on one single mistake.
You can't cross an ocean just by staring at the water.
You can't cut people from your life so easily.
You can't dance, can you?
You can't dance.
You can't deceive us anymore.
You can't decrease the size of this file without losing quality.
You can't defeat Tom alone.
You can't defeat Tom without my help.
You can't defeat me.
You can't defy the municipality.
You can't demonstrate anything.
You can't deny Jesus in Islam.
You can't deny Tom is charming.
You can't deny biology.
You can't deny her anything.
You can't deny him anything.
You can't deny it.
You can't deny that Tom is charming.
You can't deny that anymore.
You can't deny that what Tom is saying is true.
You can't deny that what Tom said is true.
You can't deny that's happening.
You can't deny that.
You can't deny the fact that she had a hand in it.
You can't deny the problem exists.
You can't deny the truth.
You can't deny the validity of everything she did just because of a single mistake.
You can't deny what Tom said is true.
You can't depend on Tom.
You can't depend on him to be punctual.
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
You can't depend upon that.
You can't deport people or keep them from crossing the border without employing authoritarianism.
You can't describe the result of a non-parametric test with a statistical parameter such as variance.
You can't destroy it.
You can't destroy the precious bond between mother and child.
You can't die from this disease.
You can't die if you're already dead.
You can't die like this.
You can't disappear like that.
You can't disguise sad eyes.
You can't divide by zero in mathematics.
You can't divide by zero.
You can't do all these things at once.
You can't do anything about that.
You can't do anything alone.
You can't do anything other than admire his courage.
You can't do anything right now.
You can't do anything right, can you?
You can't do anything right.
You can't do anything to change the past.
You can't do anything today.
You can't do anything wrong with learning a language.
You can't do anything.
You can't do both at the same time.
You can't do everything by yourself.
You can't do everything.
You can't do it all by yourself.
You can't do it alone. Ask someone to help you.
You can't do it by yourself.
You can't do it on your own.
You can't do it one-handed. You need both hands.
You can't do it one-handed; you need both hands.
You can't do it too soon.
