It looks like congratulations are in order.
It looks like everyone has left.
It looks like everyone in town is here.
It looks like everything is going to turn out all right.
It looks like everything is in order.
It looks like everything turned out all right.
It looks like everything's back to normal.
It looks like fun.
It looks like glass, but it certainly doesn't feel like it.
It looks like he died from self-asphyxiation.
It looks like he found it by accident to me.
It looks like he is trying to annoy me.
It looks like he might win first prize.
It looks like he went crazy.
It looks like he will win.
It looks like he won the race.
It looks like he'll be coming here next month.
It looks like he's enjoying his life and his work.
It looks like he's gone down to the coffee machine.
It looks like he's hiding something important.
It looks like he's not going to want to help anymore.
It looks like he's sleeping, but in reality, he is dead.
It looks like he's still alive.
It looks like he's trying to annoy me.
It looks like he's winning.
It looks like her.
It looks like he’ll be coming here next month.
It looks like he’s winning.
It looks like him.
It looks like it already happened.
It looks like it is going to be hot today as well.
It looks like it is going to clear up soon.
It looks like it is going to rain tonight.
It looks like it is going to rain.
It looks like it may rain today. I'm worried that our cherry-blossom-viewing party might be canceled.
It looks like it may rain today. I’m worried that our cherry-blossom-viewing party might be canceled.
It looks like it may rain.
It looks like it might rain, so don't forget your umbrella.
It looks like it might rain, so you should take an umbrella with you.
It looks like it might rain.
It looks like it might rain. Don't forget your umbrella.
It looks like it might snow.
It looks like it might start raining soon.
It looks like it takes a lot of skill.
It looks like it wants to eat us.
It looks like it wants to kill us.
It looks like it wasn't anything to worry about. Thank goodness.
It looks like it will rain soon.
It looks like it will start pouring any second now. Better take an umbrella.
It looks like it would taste worse than prison food.
It looks like it'd be better for us to leave.
It looks like it'll be clearing up.
It looks like it'll clear up.
It looks like it'll rain soon.
It looks like it'll rain today, too.
It looks like it'll rain today.
It looks like it'll rain tomorrow.
It looks like it'll rain.
It looks like it'll start raining soon.
It looks like it'll take a while.
It looks like it's about to start raining.
It looks like it's alive.
It looks like it's an ability that everyone has.
It looks like it's brand new.
It looks like it's finally going to rain.
It looks like it's going to be a long day today.
It looks like it's going to be another nice day.
It looks like it's going to be anybody's race.
It looks like it's going to be cold next weekend, too.
It looks like it's going to be hot today, too.
It looks like it's going to be sunny.
It looks like it's going to clear up soon.
It looks like it's going to rain at any moment.
It looks like it's going to rain in the afternoon.
It looks like it's going to rain soon.
It looks like it's going to rain today.
It looks like it's going to rain tomorrow.
It looks like it's going to rain, right?
It looks like it's going to rain.
It looks like it's going to rain. Remove the clothes from the line.
It looks like it's going to rain. We should close the windows.
It looks like it's going to snow tonight.
It looks like it's going to snow.
It looks like it's going to start raining soon.
It looks like it's going to work.
It looks like it's just the two of us.
It looks like it's quarter past ten now.
It looks like it's rained.
It looks like it's raining.
It looks like it's starting to rain.
It looks like it's working again.
It looks like it.
It looks like it’ll be clearing up.
It looks like it’s an ability that everyone has.
It looks like it’s going to be anybody’s race.
It looks like it’s going to be sunny.
It looks like it’s going to rain.
It looks like it’s going to snow.
It looks like it’s quarter past ten now.
It looks like it’s rained.
It looks like it’s your lucky day.
It looks like most people give up before realizing their abilities.
It looks like my Xbox360 is broken.
It looks like my handwriting, but I didn't write it.
It looks like my job's done.
It looks like my work here is done.
It looks like my younger brother is fishing.
It looks like no one else will be getting off the bus.
It looks like no one wants to sit with you.
It looks like no one's home.
It looks like nobody else is here yet.
It looks like nobody else is here.
It looks like nobody else will be getting off the bus.
It looks like nobody wants to sit with you.
It looks like nobody's home.
It looks like nothing's going to change.
It looks like rain again today.
It looks like rain again tomorrow.
It looks like rain today as well.
It looks like rain today.
It looks like rain tomorrow, but I'll try my best.
It looks like rain tomorrow, but I’ll try my best.
It looks like rain.
It looks like rain. Get the clothes off the line.
It looks like rain. Get the washing off the line.
It looks like rain. We had better shut the windows.
It looks like rain. We should close the windows.
It looks like rain. You had better take an umbrella with you.
It looks like rain. You had better take in the washing.
It looks like rain. You'd better get the washing in.
It looks like rain. You'd better take an umbrella with you.
It looks like rain. You'd better take in the washing.
It looks like she has a lot of friends.
It looks like she is a little under the weather.
It looks like she made seven mistakes in as many lines.
It looks like she's Russian.
It looks like she's around ten years old.
It looks like she's got a lot of friends.
It looks like she's in her twenties.
It looks like she’s got a lot of friends.
It looks like snow toward evening.
It looks like snow, doesn't it?
It looks like snow, doesn’t it?
It looks like snow.
It looks like some kind of air purifier.
It looks like some kind of ritual.
It looks like somebody has ripped a page out of this book.
It looks like somebody shot Tom's dog.
It looks like somebody was trying to pry open this window.
It looks like someone has ripped a page out of this book.
It looks like someone is waving a white flag.
It looks like someone lives in this house.
It looks like someone shot Tom's dog.
It looks like someone's jealous.
It looks like something out of the future.
It looks like something out of the future—a bike that skates on water.
It looks like something's going to happen soon.
It looks like something's going to happen.
It looks like something’s going to happen.
It looks like that building is going to fall down.
It looks like that may have already happened.
It looks like that takes a lot of skill.
It looks like that's already happened.
It looks like that, huh?
It looks like the Guggenheim in New York.
It looks like the TV isn't working.
It looks like the battery needs to be replaced.
It looks like the bus is too crowded to get on.
It looks like the child is finally asleep.
It looks like the children will have to sleep on the floor.
It looks like the data you lost on your computer is irretrievable.
It looks like the dog wants something to eat.
It looks like the flight was delayed.
It looks like the number of infected people is going down.
It looks like the party in power will win the upcoming election.
It looks like the party is winding down.
It looks like the question was too easy for you. Next time, I'll have to make it a bit harder.
It looks like the rainy season is going to start after next week.
It looks like the second floor is a banquet hall.
It looks like the shop is closed.
It looks like the tear gas did the job.
It looks like the tear gas worked.
It looks like the temperature is going to drop tonight, so be careful not to catch a cold.
It looks like the thief came in through the window.
It looks like the train going to the airport is down, what shall we do?
It looks like the weather will be good tomorrow.
It looks like the weather will get better soon.
It looks like the wedding's off.
It looks like the wind's getting stronger.
It looks like the wind's picking up.
It looks like the world didn't end on December 21st after all.
It looks like them.
It looks like there are at least a hundred people in the room.
It looks like there are now over two thousand Uyghur sentences on Tatoeba!
It looks like there's a few Muslim restaurants around here.
It looks like there's a pleasure boat.
It looks like there's an elevator over there.
It looks like there's going to be some rain.
It looks like there's no reception in this room.
It looks like there's no signal reception in this room.
It looks like there's nothing there.
It looks like there's somebody there.
It looks like there's someone there.
It looks like there’s a few Muslim restaurants around here.
It looks like there’s a pleasure boat.
It looks like they are at it again.
It looks like they have a good head.
It looks like they have made up again.
It looks like they really hurt you as a child.
It looks like they're at it again.
It looks like they're fighting.
It looks like they're having so much fun.
It looks like they're making some progress.
It looks like they're satisfied with the result.
It looks like they're waiting for a bus.
It looks like they've made up again.
It looks like they've stopped following us.
It looks like they’re satisfied with the result.
It looks like things aren't working out between us, so I think that we need to take a break.
It looks like this German deli is killing its customers. They all look horrible and bloated.
It looks like this car is his.
It looks like this door has been forced open.
It looks like this house is a total mess.
It looks like this is going to take a little longer than I thought it was going to.
It looks like this is going to take a little longer than I've anticipated.
It looks like this is the first time Tom has ever done this.
It looks like those two have gotten back together.
It looks like those two have made up.
It looks like today is not my lucky day.
It looks like today isn't my lucky day.
It looks like today will be a long day.
It looks like today's going to be hot as well.
It looks like tomorrow will be a very hot summer day.
It looks like we both had the same idea.
It looks like we came at a bad time.
It looks like we didn't understand him.
It looks like we fell into a trap.
It looks like we got lucky.
It looks like we got ourselves a little problem.
It looks like we have a new student.
It looks like we have a problem.
It looks like we have a winner.
It looks like we have company.
It looks like we have everything.
It looks like we have no clean silverware.
It looks like we might have good weather today.
It looks like we might have to do that.
It looks like we'd better leave.
It looks like we'll finally get a chance to do that.
It looks like we'll get there in time.
It looks like we're about to find out whether this will work or not.
It looks like we're all here.
It looks like we're almost out of the woods.
It looks like we're being ignored.
It looks like we're going to be staying here tonight.
It looks like we're going to have a white Christmas this year.
It looks like we're going to have an interesting evening.
It looks like we're going to have to walk.
It looks like we're in for some nasty weather.
It looks like we're in trouble.
It looks like we're on our own.
It looks like we're out of gas.
It looks like we're out of petrol.
It looks like we're running out of money.
It looks like we're running out of water.
It looks like we're staying here tonight.
It looks like we're the only ones here today.
It looks like we've been able to fill in that one year gap and renew our old friendship.
It looks like we've got a flat tire.
It looks like we've gotten ourselves lost.
It looks like we’d better leave.
It looks like we’re going to be staying here tonight.
It looks like we’re in for some nasty weather.
It looks like we’re running out of money.
It looks like we’re running out of water.
It looks like we’re staying here tonight.
It looks like we’ve been able to fill in that one year gap and renew our old friendship.
It looks like we’ve gotten ourselves lost.
It looks like winter is here to stay.
It looks like you also want to buy it for Theresa.
It looks like you are addicted to it.
It looks like you are from India.
It looks like you are the impostor.
It looks like you aren't a fan of anyone.
It looks like you aren't keen on anyone.
It looks like you bit off more than you can chew.
It looks like you came prepared.
It looks like you changed the whole room.
It looks like you could use a friend.
It looks like you could use a new suit.
It looks like you did a good job.
It looks like you did a pretty good job.
It looks like you don't know what to do.
It looks like you don't really know what to do.
It looks like you don't want to do that.
It looks like you finally found your calling.
It looks like you got it working.
It looks like you got some more flowers from your secret admirer.
It looks like you guys have done some serious studying!
It looks like you had a rough night.
It looks like you had a tough day.
It looks like you have a flat tire.
It looks like you have a problem with everyone.
It looks like you have a problem.
It looks like you have an oil leak.
It looks like you have bigger problems.
It looks like you have done that before.
It looks like you have issues with the whole planet.
It looks like you have some explaining to do.
It looks like you have the same problem I do.
It looks like you have the same problems I do.
It looks like you have the same problems that I do.
It looks like you haven't been taking good care of yourself.
It looks like you just got a haircut.
It looks like you just saw a ghost.
It looks like you just want to mess with me!
It looks like you know Tom already.
It looks like you know what you're doing.
It looks like you managed to solve the problem on your own.
It looks like you managed to solve the problem.
It looks like you met my little brother.
It looks like you missed a spot.
It looks like you need a bath.
It looks like you need a hug.
It looks like you need a shave.
It looks like you need help.
It looks like you need to cook this a bit longer.
It looks like you really need a drink.
It looks like you slept in your clothes last night.
It looks like you started translating this but didn't finish.
It looks like you thought of everything.
It looks like you took care of the problem.
It looks like you want to leave.
It looks like you want to say something.
It looks like you went for a swim.
It looks like you were in a fight.
It looks like you were mistaken.
It looks like you were right.
It looks like you were right. Tom was the guy who stole Mary's violin.
It looks like you were the last one to do that.
It looks like you were wrong.
It looks like you'll be busy tonight.
It looks like you'll be the first one to do that.
It looks like you'll be the next one who has to do that.
It looks like you'll be the next one who'll have to do that.
It looks like you're OK.
It looks like you're about to leave.
It looks like you're amused by what's going on.
It looks like you're angry.
It looks like you're annoyed.
It looks like you're as desperate to do that as I am.
It looks like you're as determined to do that as I am.
It looks like you're as hesitant to do that as I am.
It looks like you're as motivated to do that as I am.
It looks like you're as reluctant to do that as I am.
It looks like you're as tempted to do that as I am.
It looks like you're bored.
It looks like you're busy.
It looks like you're cold.
It looks like you're confused.
It looks like you're curious.
It looks like you're depressed.
It looks like you're desperate to do that.
It looks like you're determined to do that.
It looks like you're disgusted.
It looks like you're displeased.
It looks like you're distracted.
It looks like you're done.
It looks like you're drunk.
It looks like you're enjoying the party.
It looks like you're excited.
It looks like you're exhausted.
It looks like you're fine.
It looks like you're finished doing that.
It looks like you're frustrated.
It looks like you're getting ready to do that.
It looks like you're getting ready to go swimming.
It looks like you're getting ready to leave.
It looks like you're getting ready to make a pizza.
It looks like you're getting the hang of this.
It looks like you're going to be last.
It looks like you're happy.
It looks like you're having a bad day.
It looks like you're having a great time.
It looks like you're having fun.
It looks like you're having the same problems I had.
It looks like you're having the same problems that I had.
It looks like you're hesitant to do that.
It looks like you're high.
It looks like you're hungry.
It looks like you're impressed.
It looks like you're in a good mood.
It looks like you're in a lot of pain.
It looks like you're interested.
It looks like you're mad.
It looks like you're miserable.
It looks like you're motivated to do that.
It looks like you're nervous.
It looks like you're not having much fun here.
It looks like you're not very happy here.
It looks like you're on your own.
It looks like you're organized.
It looks like you're planning on going somewhere.
It looks like you're pleased.
It looks like you're prepared.
It looks like you're pretty clever.
It looks like you're pretty good at doing that.
It looks like you're puzzled.
It looks like you're quicker at doing that than Tom.
It looks like you're quicker at doing that than me.
It looks like you're ready.
It looks like you're really tired.
It looks like you're reluctant to do that.
It looks like you're scared.
It looks like you're shy.
It looks like you're skeptical.
It looks like you're sleepy.
It looks like you're tempted to do that.
It looks like you're tense.
It looks like you're terrified.
It looks like you're the next one who has to do that.
It looks like you're thinking about something else.
It looks like you're through doing that.
It looks like you're tired.
It looks like you're trying not to laugh.
It looks like you're trying not to yawn.
It looks like you're trying to grow a beard.
It looks like you're trying to hide something.
It looks like you're unconcerned.
It looks like you're unconvinced.
It looks like you're upset.
It looks like you're wearing my shoes.
It looks like you're worried.
It looks like you're writing unsubstantiated nonsense. Would you like to turn on all caps?
It looks like you're wrong.
It looks like you've already been replaced.
It looks like you've been busy today.
It looks like you've been crying.
It looks like you've been in a fight.
It looks like you've been shopping.
It looks like you've been unlucky.
It looks like you've done that before.
It looks like you've figured it out.
It looks like you've finally decided what to do.
It looks like you've finally decided.
It looks like you've found what you were looking for.
It looks like you've gained a little weight.
It looks like you've gone out of the frying pan and into the fire.
It looks like you've got a green thumb.
It looks like you've got a slight fever.
It looks like you've got another problem.
It looks like you've got other problems.
It looks like you've had a hard day.
It looks like you've hooked a big one.
It looks like you've just gotten a haircut.
It looks like you've just had your hair cut.
It looks like you've lost a few pounds.
It looks like you've lost a little weight.
It looks like you've lost some weight.
It looks like you've lost ten pounds.
It looks like you've lost weight.
It looks like you've made a friend.
It looks like you've put on a little weight.
It looks like you've put on some weight.
It looks like you've put on weight.
It looks like you've regained your confidence.
It looks like you've seen a ghost.
It looks like your car is leaking oil.
It looks like your dog is thirsty.
It looks like your dog wants out.
It looks like your dog's thirsty.
It looks like your hard disk is fragmented.
It looks like your luggage is coming on a later flight.
It looks like your luggage is on the next flight.
It looks like your problems are worse than mine.
It looks like your secret's out.
It looks like your watch is expensive.
It looks like you’re pretty clever.
It looks lit.
It looks lovely after having been painted red.
It looks more like a snake than a fish.
It looks nice with your trousers.
It looks nice.
It looks painful.
It looks perfect.
It looks pretty bad.
It looks pretty good.
It looks pretty neat.
It looks promising.
It looks quite different around here than it used to.
It looks rainy.
It looks real to me.
It looks really bad.
It looks really cool.
It looks really expensive.
It looks really good from the waist up.
It looks really good on you.
It looks really good.
It looks really hard!
It looks really nice.
It looks really yucky.
It looks ridiculous.
It looks sick, Tom.
It looks smart on her.
It looks smart on him.
It looks smart on me.
It looks so festive.
It looks so good!
It looks so good! It makes me want to eat the whole cake myself.
It looks so good.
It looks so real.
It looks somewhat like a fish, but it isn't.
It looks strange.
It looks suspicious.
It looks tacky.
It looks tacky. Tom will love it.
It looks terrible.
It looks they're in love.
It looks too big for me.
It looks too heavy to carry.
It looks uncomfortable.
It looks unhealthy.
It looks uninhabited.
It looks very complicated.
It looks very expensive.
It looks very good on you.
It looks very good.
It looks very nice.
It looks very pretty.
It looks very promising.
It looks warm outside.
It looks warm.
It looks well prepared but you see there'll be a slip somewhere.
It looks well prepared but you see there’ll be a slip somewhere.
It looks yucky to me.
It made Grandfather's day when his granddaughter gave him a picture she had drawn of him.
It made Grandfather’s day when his granddaughter gave him a picture she had drawn of him.
It made Tom bitter.
It made Tom giggle.
It made Tom happy.
It made Tom sad.
It made Tom think.
It made Tom's family really happy.
It made Tom's head hurt to think about all those things.
It made a difference.
It made a faint whistling sound.
It made a huge impression on me.
It made a lot of sense to us to adopt a dog now because we realized that we could give Goldie the time and the attention and care that she needed.
It made a lot of sense.
It made clear that you pressured a foreign government to interfere in our political process on your behalf, you violated your oath of office and betrayed our nation.
It made for a beautiful sight.
It made her happy.
It made her jaw drop.
It made her jealous to see him walking with another girl.
It made her sad.
It made him happy.
It made him look like a bad person.
It made him sad.
It made him uneasy that someone might find out any second what he was hiding.
It made little difference.
It made little sense to do that, so we decided not to.
It made me a little sad.
It made me chuckle.
It made me clumsy and derpy as I felt all my worries melt away.
It made me cringe.
It made me feel a little guilty.
It made me feel bad.
It made me feel better.
It made me feel close to Tom.
It made me feel close to her.
It made me feel close to him.
It made me feel close to them.
It made me feel great.
It made me feel lousy.
It made me feel proud.
It made me feel sad and happy at the same time.
It made me feel safer.
It made me feel very happy.
It made me forget about my problems.
It made me furious.
It made me happy.
It made me hesitate.
It made me laugh out loud.
It made me laugh.
It made me nervous when I was asked by the host to offer some words of congratulation.
It made me nervous.
It made me queasy just thinking about it.
It made me realize the extent of my inner strength.
It made me really sad.
It made me resist the language I was learning.
It made me sad.
It made me shudder.
It made me sick.
It made me smile.
It made me so hot.
It made me stop and think.
It made me strong.
It made me supremely happy.
It made me think of Tom.
It made me think.
It made me uncomfortable.
It made me very angry.
It made me very depressed.
It made me very happy.
It made me very rich.
It made me very sad.
It made me want to cry.
It made me want to puke.
It made my blood boil to hear that.
It made my hair stand on end.
It made my hair stand up.
It made my heart sink.
It made my mother cry.
It made my mother's day when the family gathered and all had a party.
It made my mother’s day when all the family gathered and had a party.
It made no difference.
It made no sense to me then.
It made people smile.
It made sense.
It made the world smaller, creating a shortcut for cargo ships that ply their trade from east and west.
It made them happy.
It made them sad.
It made us chuckle.
It made us happy.
It made us stronger.
It made very sad when I saw their situation.
It made your comrades laugh too.
It makes Tom happy when he makes other people happy.
It makes a big difference to me.
It makes a big difference.
It makes a change for you to have to wait for me. It's usually the other way round.
It makes a difference to us whether it rains tomorrow.
It makes a difference.
It makes a little difference.
It makes all the children happy.
It makes all the difference.
It makes even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
It makes everything harder.
It makes everything taste better.
It makes good business sense.
It makes good sense to do that.
It makes him a laughingstock.
It makes it difficult for him to keep friends and relationships.
It makes it difficult.
It makes it easier.
It makes it very difficult.
It makes it worthwhile.
It makes life interesting.
It makes little difference to me whether you believe it or not.
It makes little difference whether you go today or tomorrow.
It makes little difference.
It makes matters complicated.
It makes matters more complicated.
It makes me a bit ill whenever I think about it.
It makes me anxious.
It makes me constantly depressed.
It makes me cringe.
It makes me cry every time.
It makes me cry just to think about it.
It makes me curious.
It makes me dizzy to look at that.
It makes me excited that you're coming to see me.
It makes me feel alive.
It makes me feel better to hear you say that.
It makes me feel better.
It makes me feel cheerful.
It makes me feel dirty.
It makes me feel good.
It makes me feel like crying.
It makes me feel more confident.
It makes me feel old when I forget things quickly.
It makes me feel old.
It makes me feel sad.
It makes me feel sick to think about it.
It makes me feel sick.
It makes me feel too badly about you.
It makes me feel uncomfortable.
It makes me feel unstoppable and ready to conquer anything.
It makes me feel very happy.
It makes me feel very insecure.
It makes me feel young again.
It makes me furious.
It makes me happy doing it.
It makes me happy that my teachers are enthusiastic to work.
It makes me happy to hear that.
It makes me happy when you smile at me.
It makes me happy when you visit.
It makes me happy.
It makes me jealous.
It makes me kind of happy.
It makes me kind of wish that would really happen.
It makes me laugh every time.
It makes me mad that things go wrong.
It makes me nauseous.
It makes me nervous.
It makes me proud.
It makes me queasy just thinking about it.
It makes me question my will to live.
It makes me really happy that you're here.
It makes me sad that you're going to leave this city.
It makes me sad to admit I don't want to be together anymore.
It makes me sad to see you looking so unhappy.
It makes me sad to think of her death.
It makes me sad to think of his death.
It makes me sad when you say "you're a beginner and always will be".
It makes me sad.
It makes me shiver just to think of it.
It makes me sick to listen to you.
It makes me sick.
It makes me smile every time I see this picture.
It makes me so angry.
It makes me so happy.
It makes me very angry when you disobey orders.
It makes me very happy to hear that.
It makes me very happy.
It makes me very nervous when people look at me.
It makes me want to cry.
It makes me want to make a baby.
It makes me want to throw up.
It makes me wonder how much you really loved Tom.
It makes me wonder.
It makes more sense for you to stay than to go.
It makes more sense than you'd think.
It makes much more sense to ask Tom to do that than to ask Mary.
It makes my blood boil every time.
It makes my hair stand on end.
It makes my head swim to hear you say that.
It makes my life easier.
It makes my mouth water.
It makes my skin crawl.
It makes no difference any more.
It makes no difference if you talk to him or not. One might as well talk to a brick wall.
It makes no difference now.
It makes no difference to her whether she lives in a city or in the country.
It makes no difference to me that Max has come.
It makes no difference to me what the color of your skin is.
It makes no difference to me whether Fred came to the party or not.
It makes no difference to me whether I win or not.
It makes no difference to me whether Tom comes or not.
It makes no difference to me whether Tom comes to my party or not.
It makes no difference to me whether Tom does that or not.
It makes no difference to me whether Tom goes to Boston or not.
It makes no difference to me whether he comes or not.
It makes no difference to me whether he joins us or not.
It makes no difference to me whether he likes baseball or football.
It makes no difference to me whether or not you're present.
It makes no difference to me whether she is rich or not.
It makes no difference to me whether she lives in the city or in the country.
It makes no difference to me whether we go by car or by bus.
It makes no difference to me whether we leave now or later.
It makes no difference to me whether you are rich or poor.
It makes no difference to me whether you believe it or not.
It makes no difference to me whether you believe me or not.
It makes no difference to me whether you come or not.
It makes no difference to me whether you do that or not.
It makes no difference to me whether you get married or not.
It makes no difference to me whether you go or not.
It makes no difference to me whether you kiss Tom or not.
It makes no difference to me whether you wear a suit or not.
It makes no difference to me whether you wear a tie or not.
It makes no difference to me whether you're rich or not.
It makes no difference to me.
It makes no difference what she said.
It makes no difference what you say. I'm still going to buy that expensive car.
It makes no difference what you say. I’m still going to buy that expensive car.
It makes no difference whatsoever at the moment.
It makes no difference whether he agrees or not.
It makes no difference whether he comes or not.
It makes no difference whether he will come or not.
It makes no difference whether the train is delayed or not.
It makes no difference whether you agree or not.
It makes no difference whether you come or not.
It makes no difference whether you do that or not.
It makes no difference whether you go or not.
It makes no difference whether you go today or tomorrow.
It makes no difference whether you want to do it or not.
It makes no difference whether you want to do that or not.
It makes no difference who I meet.
It makes no difference!
It makes no difference.
It makes no difference who does that as long as it gets done.
It makes no fucking sense.
It makes no matter to me who wins.
It makes no odds if it's raining.
It makes no odds to me whether he comes or not.
It makes no odds to me.
It makes no sense at all.
It makes no sense to add hundreds of sentences at Tatoeba if they are not validated by native users.
It makes no sense to convince him of that.
It makes no sense to do that.
It makes no sense to me.
It makes no sense to rebel against prophecies.
It makes no sense to remodel.
It makes no sense whatsoever.
It makes no sense.
It makes perfect sense to me.
It makes perfect sense!
It makes perfect sense.
It makes sense as a general goal to work towards.
It makes sense now.
It makes sense that I would feel this way.
It makes sense to carpool.
It makes sense to me.
It makes sense to pay off your credit card balance every month.
It makes sense why you failed the exam.
It makes sense, doesn't it?
It makes sense.
It makes sounds similar to a fox yapping.
It makes the teaching profession varied and fun.
It makes them crazy.
It makes them pretty much invincible.
It makes them stronger.
It makes things easier if your matrix is sparse.
It makes total sense.
It makes us angry that no one is helping us.
It makes us better.
It makes us feel safe.
It makes us stronger.
It makes us very happy.
It makes you curious.
It makes you embarrassed to talk about certain things.
It makes you feel better.
It makes you feel good.
It makes you feel proud, doesn't it?
It makes you happy, doesn't it?
It makes you look guilty.
It makes you look older.
It makes you look younger.
It makes you proud.
It makes you really thirsty.
It makes you scratch your head in wonder.
It makes you sick to your stomach.
It makes you tough.
It makes you very special.
It makes you wonder.
It makes your blood boil.
It makes zero sense.
It matters a great deal to me.
It matters a lot.
It matters little if the cat is white or black; the important thing is that it chase rats.
It matters little if we are late.
It matters little to me who is elected.
It matters little what kind of books one reads, so long as one has sound judgement.
It matters little what you do.
It matters little where he is from.
It matters little whether he comes late or not.
It matters little whether he comes or not.
It matters not how a man dies, but how he lives.
It matters not how a man dies, but how he lives. The act of dying is not of importance, it lasts so short a time.
It matters not how long we live, but how.
It matters not how many books one reads, but which books.
It matters to me.
It matters to us.
It matters very little what college you graduated from.
It matters whether or not we win the game.
It matters.
It may already be too late for him.
It may already be too late for us to do that.
It may already be too late.
It may also have the opposite effect, providing lubrication to moving glaciers and exacerbating ice velocity and calving, increasing the mass of ice loss to the global ocean.
It may be 10 or 15 years before these companies perfect their technology and business models.
It may be Tom didn't see Mary.
It may be a demanding job, but at least it's not boring.
It may be a fascist dictatorship, but at least the trains run on time.
It may be a good experience for you.
It may be a lie that the young are made to believe they can do anything they like; achieve anything; become anything, because by definition we cannot all be extraordinary. Yet, it may be productive to instill in children the hope and will to strive to become their best.
It may be a long time.
It may be a mistake.
It may be a new suit that suits you.
It may be a pity, but it's true.
It may be a sparrow, but it's still meat.
It may be a sparrow, but it’s still meat.
It may be a trap.
It may be a wolf.
It may be advantageous to me to proceed in this way.
It may be advisable to go later.
It may be all right.
It may be an unexpectedly interesting combination.
It may be better to leave Tom to his fate.
It may be dangerous to do that.
It may be dangerous.
It may be difficult at first, but it may pay off.
It may be difficult for Oleg to do that.
It may be difficult to do that.
It may be difficult to get Tom to talk to you.
It may be difficult, but it won't be impossible.
It may be difficult, but not impossible.
It may be easier than you think it'll be.
It may be easier than you think.
It may be easier to do than you think it'll be.
It may be easier to do that than you think it'll be.
It may be easier to get a long-term visa if your spouse is a citizen.
It may be easy to do that.
It may be expensive.
It may be fairly old.
It may be faster if you apply online.
It may be fun to do that.
It may be good for Tom, but definitely not for us.
It may be good to do that.
It may be hard to believe that in modern-day America, not everybody has access to high-speed internet. But that is the reality for many Americans, especially those in rural areas of the country.
It may be hard to believe today, but acting was once a despised profession.
It may be hard to do that.
It may be hard, but we're all in this together.
It may be hard.
It may be harder than you think it'll be.
It may be harder to do than you think it'll be.
It may be harder to do that than you think it'll be.
It may be helpful.
It may be important.
It may be impossible to get a completely error-free corpus due to the nature of this kind of collaborative effort. However, if we encourage members to contribute sentences in their own languages rather than experiment in languages they are learning, we might be able to minimize errors.
It may be just Oleg’s imagination.
It may be just a detail to you, but to me it's important.
It may be misleading to measure the economy by how well rich people are doing.
It may be more difficult than you think it'll be.
It may be more difficult to do than you think it'll be.
It may be more difficult to do that than you think it'll be.
It may be necessary to think laterally to come up with a good solution.
It may be objected that humans, as opposed to animals, have intelligence, and therefore have the right not to be experimented upon. However, many humans, such as the mentally disabled, those in vegetative states, or babies, either have no intelligence or limited intelligence, and yet no one is arguing they should be subjected to involuntary, damaging experiments.
It may be of use.
It may be our only hope.
It may be primitive and not too pleasant, but fish like croakers and toadfish hum, grunt, and growl for the same reasons as other vertebrates: to attract mates and to threaten territorial invaders.
It may be problematic to dissuade your parents from accompanying you to the event.
It may be quite harmless.
It may be remembered that after my marriage, and my subsequent start in private practice, the very intimate relations which had existed between Holmes and myself became to some extent modified.
It may be said that a man is known by the company he keeps.
It may be said, as a rule, that the climate of Japan is mild.
It may be simpler than you think.
It may be snowing in Boston.
It may be snowing in Hokkaido.
It may be so.
It may be that Mary didn't break my arm.
It may be that Tagalog is a Trojan Horse for disseminating Spanish vocabulary around this world, as Spanish words embed themselves like gold nuggets inside Tagalog. There may be reasons why the gods have or God has chosen Tagalog for Global Xenoglossia and not English or other languages. (Maybe, the gods are aliens, or God is an alien.) As Chris the half-Japanese barista at Starbucks has said, "God doesn't just save Tagalog!" One cannot underrate Tagalog's link to the Hispanic world.
It may be that Tom didn't see Mary.
It may be that Tom is there.
It may be that from time to time.
It may be that he is not a bad man.
It may be that he likes his job.
It may be that he will never be famous.
It may be that my Lord guideth me unto a nearer way of truth than this.
It may be that my father arrives on the next train.
It may be that she comes here from time to time.
It may be that she will succeed in the examination.
It may be that the happiness awaiting us is not at all the sort of happiness we would want.
It may be that this man is afraid that he is gay, or that he has homosexual tendencies.
It may be that you are not yourself luminous, but you are a conductor of light. Some people without possessing genius have a remarkable power of stimulating it.
It may be the last time.
It may be too early for us to put the project into practice.
It may be too late already.
It may be too late to do anything now.
It may be too late to make any changes now.
It may be too late.
It may be true, but it's hardly axiomatic.
It may be true.
It may be true. We don't know yet.
It may be uncouth, but I love to eat peanut butter out of a jar with a spoon.
It may be unwise of you to advertise your presence.
It may be wise to do what they ask.
It may be working.
It may be your only hope.
It may be.
It may break.
It may cause lung cancer, too.
It may cause problems if Tom and Mary do that.
It may cause problems if Tom does that.
It may cause problems if you do that.
It may come back.
It may cost me votes.
It may freeze next week.
It may get ugly, but Tom always gets the job done.
It may give rise to serious trouble.
It may happen again.
It may have been Mr Sato who sent these flowers.
It may have been Tom that wrote this note.
It may have been Tom who broke this window.
It may have been Tom who did this.
It may have been a fascist dictatorship, but at least the trains ran on time.
It may have been a quixotic quest, but surprisingly enough, it was successful.
It may have been an unidentified flying object, but it was almost certainly not an alien spacecraft.
It may have been defective.
It may have been so.
It may have happened when Tom and Mary were in Boston.
It may have happened when Tom was in Australia.
It may have happened when Tom was in Boston.
It may have rained a little last night.
It may have rained during the night.
It may have rained last night.
It may have sounded like a suggestion, but it was an order.
It may help to look at the problem from another angle.
It may hurt.
It may indeed be strange, but that's the way it is.
It may just be a matter of time.
It may just turn out to be nothing.
It may look easy, but it's not.
It may look easy, but it’s not.
It may look like I'm obsessed with Tom.
It may look ridiculous.
It may never be known how we silly Anglophones got "baloney" out of "bologna."
It may never happen again.
It may never happen.
It may not always be so easy to see the beauty behind the physical.
It may not appeal to some, but I prefer to remain a salaried man; I don't have to worry so much about making both ends meet.
It may not appeal to some, but I prefer to remain a salaried man; I don’t have to worry so much about making both ends meet.
It may not be Tom's business.
It may not be Tom, after all.
It may not be a coincidence.
It may not be a dream.
It may not be a good idea to eat while you are running.
It may not be a mistake.
It may not be amiss to give this advice.
It may not be as difficult as it seems.
It may not be as difficult as you think to do that.
It may not be as difficult to do as you think it'll be.
It may not be as difficult to do that as you think it'll be.
It may not be as easy to do as you think it'll be.
It may not be as easy to do that as you think it'll be.
It may not be as hard as you think to do that.
It may not be as hard to do as you think it'll be.
It may not be as hard to do that as you think it'll be.
It may not be clean, but you won't get sick from eating it.
It may not be clean, but you won’t get sick from eating it.
It may not be difficult to do that.
It may not be easy to do that.
It may not be easy, but this problem is tractable.
It may not be easy.
It may not be hard to do that.
It may not be natural for you, but at least try to be a little more gracious.
It may not be necessary for us to go to that meeting.
It may not be necessary for you to do that, but I think you should.
It may not be over.
It may not be perfect, but it's the best.
It may not be possible to send a human to Mercury.
It may not be possible.
It may not be ready yet.
It may not be safe to do that.
It may not be the best wine there is. It's pretty good, though.
It may not be the case.
It may not be your favorite thing to do but it's necessary.
It may not come to that.
It may not come until Monday.
It may not happen soon.
It may not have been as difficult as Tom said it was.
It may not have been as difficult to do that as Tom said it was.
It may not have been as easy as Tom said it was.
It may not have been as easy to do that as Tom said it was.
It may not have been as hard as Tom said it was.
It may not have been as hard to do that as Tom said it was.
It may not matter.
It may not seem fair, but it's legal.
It may not seem like a big deal, but, to me, it's a serious problem.
It may not stay that way for long.
It may not work.
It may occur at any moment.
It may or may not be true.
It may possibly be fine tomorrow.
It may prove to be a risky adventure.
It may rain any minute.
It may rain around noon.
It may rain at any moment.
It may rain at any time.
It may rain before long.
It may rain for three days.
It may rain in the afternoon.
It may rain in the evening.
It may rain soon.
It may rain this afternoon.
It may rain today.
It may rain tomorrow, but we are going in any case.
It may rain tomorrow.
It may rain tonight.
It may rain, and then again, it may not.
It may rain, but I will go today anyhow.
It may rain.
It may return.
It may safely be said that he is a genius.
It may safely be said that he is the greatest pianist in the twentieth century.
It may safely be said that he is the greatest pianist of the twentieth century.
It may safely be said that he will never succeed in business.
It may save your life.
It may save your marriage.
It may seem like Tom has forgotten all about the matter, but deep down inside, he's still torn up about it.
It may seem like Tom has forgotten all about the matter, but deep down inside, he’s still torn up about it.
It may seem like a crazy idea, but I think we should go visit Tom and Mary right now.
It may seem like a good idea to you, but I think it's a little dangerous.
It may seem like a good idea to you, but I think it’s a little dangerous.
It may seem like a hassle, but I think you ought to go back to the basics and start over. Haste makes waste they say.
It may seem like a lot of trouble to do that, but in the end, you'll be happy you did it.
It may seem like a lot of trouble to go through, but in the end, you'll be happy you did it.
It may seem like a lot of trouble to go through, but in the end, you’ll be happy you did it.
It may seem like a minor thing to you, but for a lot of people this is really difficult to do.
It may seem like an awful lot of money, but it'll be money well spent.
It may seem like an awful lot of money, but it’ll be money well spent.
It may seem like doing that is a lot of trouble, but it's worth it.
It may seem like just a little thing to you, but Tom is really worried about the whole thing.
It may seem obvious to Tom, but it doesn't seem obvious to me.
It may seem obvious to Tom, but it doesn’t seem obvious to me.
It may seem obvious, but sentences you write yourself look the most natural.
It may seem odd.
It may seem silly, but I'm helplessly in love with you.
It may seem simple, but it's not.
It may seem strange.
It may seem to you like you're doing nothing wrong, but you are.
It may seem trivial to you, but for me it's worth paying attention to.
It may seem trivial to you, but for me it’s worth paying attention to.
It may seem wonderful that language, which is the only method of conveying our conceptions, should, at the same time, be an hindrance to our advancement in philosophy; but the wonder ceases when we consider, that it is seldom studied as the vehicle of truth, but is too frequently esteemed for its own sake, independent of its connection with things.
It may shock you to learn I wasn't strictly vegan while I was homeless.
It may snow in the afternoon.
It may snow in the evening.
It may snow in this evening.
It may snow this afternoon.
It may snow tomorrow.
It may snow tonight.
It may snow.
It may sound corny, but that's how it happened.
It may sound idealistic, but that doesn't necessarily mean it's unrealistic.
It may sound like a lie, but it's the truth.
It may sound like blowing my own horn, but I can speak French.
It may sound strange but that's how it is.
It may sound strange, but it is true.
It may sound strange, but it's true.
It may sound strange, but what he said is true.
It may sound strange, but what she said is true.
It may still not be too late.
It may succeed? It will succeed!
It may take a decade or more to determine if the moose have returned for good. But Kretser thinks the moose's story offers hope for the future.
It may take a few weeks to get used to working the night shift.
It may take a while to get used to doing this.
It may take a while.
It may take days or weeks to recover.
It may take longer than we expect.
It may take longer than we expected.
It may take many years.
It may take much longer.
It may take over an hour.
It may take time.
It may take us up to thirty minutes to do that.
It may well be strange, but that's the way it is.
It may well be that you're right.
It may well be the case soon.
It may well be true.
It may well be.
It may well rain before tonight.
It may well rain.
It may well snow tomorrow night.
It may, indeed, be a mistake.
It means I can sleep for another five minutes.
It means a great deal to me.
It means a great deal.
It means a huge increase in the use of air conditioning which uses energy, which costs money and creates pollution.
It means a lot to her.
It means a lot to him.
It means a lot to me that you're here.
It means a lot to me to know that you care.
It means a lot to me to know that you did that just for me.
It means a lot to me to know that you love me.
It means a lot to me to know that you want me to stay.
It means a lot to me to know that you want to stay.
It means a lot to me to know you care.
It means a lot to me to know you did that just for me.
It means a lot to me to know you love me.
It means a lot to me to know you want me to stay.
It means a lot to me to know you want to stay.
It means a lot to me.
It means a lot to us.
It means a lot.
It means nothing of the sort.
It means nothing to me.
It means nothing.
It means so much for me.
It means that I can use the flower vase instead of a pee bottle?
It means that he likes you.
It means the party, which has been consumed by the arrogance of power, is trying to put up a display of how far they are willing to go in their ongoing denigration of the court system in this country.
It means the same thing.
It means the same, it has just a different style.
It means too much to me.
It means trying hard, even if we make mistakes.
It meant a great deal to me.
It meant a lot to Tom.
It meant a lot to me.
It meant a lot to us.
It meant nothing to me.
It meant nothing.
It meant something to me.
It merits further study.
It might affect our friendship.
It might as well be me.
It might be Tom didn't see Mary.
It might be Tom.
It might be a bit big but this envelope will do just fine. It's better to be too big than too small.
It might be a bit big but this envelope will do just fine. It’s better to be too big than too small.
It might be a bit difficult for foreigners to understand Japanese. Even Tom misunderstood it at first.
It might be a good experience for you.
It might be a good idea for you to stay onshore.
It might be a good idea not to do that.
It might be a good idea to ask Tom to help.
It might be a good idea to check at the counter.
It might be a good idea to do that.
It might be a good idea to get some sleep.
It might be a good idea to replace the windshield.
It might be a good idea to stop doing that.
It might be a long time before we meet again.
It might be a long time before you see me again.
It might be a mistake.
It might be a pain in the neck to do this, but we have to do it.
It might be a really run-on sentence.
It might be a shark.
It might be a trap.
It might be a wedding.
It might be a weird concept, but injecting the deadliest being on Earth directly into our bodies could save millions of lives.
It might be a while until Tom and Mary get here.
It might be a while until Tom gets here.
It might be almost anything.
It might be because I am near-sighted, but I can't read or write if my desk is not in a brightly lit place.
It might be best for me to leave.
It might be better to address her as Doctor.
It might be better to leave today.
It might be cold tomorrow.
It might be dangerous for Tom and I to do that by ourselves.
It might be dangerous for Tom and I to go skin diving by ourselves.
It might be dangerous for Tom and me to do that by ourselves.
It might be dangerous for Tom and me to go skin diving by ourselves.
It might be dangerous to do that.
It might be dangerous to swim in this river.
It might be dangerous.
It might be difficult to do that.
It might be discreet of you to bend a little to the prevailing wind.
It might be easier for us to do that.
It might be easier than you think.
It might be easy for Tom to do that.
It might be easy for me to do that.
It might be easy for us to do that.
It might be easy for you to do that.
It might be easy to do that.
It might be enough.
It might be expensive.
It might be fun to do that.
It might be fun to try.
It might be fun.
It might be good if you bought it.
It might be good to do that.
It might be good to take Tom to the hospital.
It might be hard for you to do that.
It might be hard to believe, but David forgave Amanda.
It might be hard to do that.
It might be harder than you think it'll be.
It might be harder to do than you think it'll be.
It might be harder to do that than you think it'll be.
It might be her.
It might be him.
It might be hot!
It might be important.
It might be interesting.
It might be just like you say.
It might be just what we need.
It might be kind of fun going to the beach with Tom.
It might be more complicated than you think.
It might be more difficult than you think it'll be.
It might be more difficult to do than you think it'll be.
It might be more difficult to do that than you think it'll be.
It might be our only hope.
It might be possible to contact Tom.
It might be possible to convince Tom to help us.
It might be possible to do that in about three hours.
It might be possible to repair this.
It might be profitable.
It might be raining right now.
It might be risky.
It might be safer to live out here in the woods.
It might be said that this is the computer age.
It might be snowing in Boston.
It might be something serious.
It might be starting.
It might be that Tom didn't see Mary.
It might be them.
It might be time for Atheists to start knocking on doors too, to spread their message of happiness to the world.
It might be time to renovate all the old bomb shelters.
It might be too late for us to do anything about that.
It might be too late to call Tom now.
It might be too late to do anything about that.
It might be too late to do that now.
It might be too late to visit Tom now.
It might be too late.
It might be useful one day.
It might be useful.
It might be very hard for me to be alone right now.
It might be very hard for you to do that.
It might be worth a try.
It might be worth investigating.
It might be worth it.
It might be worthwhile to seek advice from your doctor.
It might become a problem.
It might cause problems if Tom and Mary do that.
It might cause problems if Tom does that.
It might cause problems if you do that.
It might change the dynamic of our relationship.
It might come back and haunt you.
It might come back.
It might come.
It might end up being impossible to do, but we could at least give it a try.
It might end up being impossible to do, but we could at least try doing it.
It might even work.
It might explode.
It might freeze, it might thaw.
It might get ugly.
It might happen sooner than we anticipated.
It might happen to you.
It might happen.
It might have been Miss Satoh who sent these flowers.
It might have been a mistake.
It might have been better if you hadn't gone there.
It might have been real. Or maybe it was just a hallucination. I really hope it was the latter.
It might have been supposed that he was now for the first time endowed with sight, and that he had formerly been blind.
It might help if someone did this for me.
It might help if you invert the colors.
It might help if you invert the colours.
It might help if you talk to Tom yourself.
It might help if you were the one who told Tom not to do that.
It might help you remember what happened.
It might help you.
It might help.
It might inconvenience other people.
It might interest Tom.
It might intimidate them.
It might just be a coincidence.
It might just happen.
It might just work.
It might keep on raining.
It might look confusing, but it's simple.
It might look like chicken. It might taste like chicken. But it doesn’t come from a chicken, it comes from a lab.
It might make things easier if Tom helped us.
It might never happen.
It might not be Tom's fault.
It might not be a coincidence.
It might not be a genuine problem, but this is what we notice.
It might not be a good idea to do that.
It might not be a mistake.
It might not be as difficult as you think to do that.
It might not be as difficult to do as you think it'll be.
It might not be as difficult to do that as you think it'll be.
It might not be as easy as you think to do that.
It might not be as hard as you think to do that.
It might not be as hard to do as you think it'll be.
It might not be as hard to do that as you think it'll be.
It might not be difficult to do that.
It might not be easy to do that.
It might not be enough.
It might not be hard to do that.
It might not be necessary to do that.
It might not be necessary.
It might not be safe for Tom to do that.
It might not be safe for Tom to go out alone at night.
It might not be safe to do that.
It might not be that easy.
It might not be the best time to bring this up, but your mother called yet again.
It might not be the best way, but it's the only way I can think of.
It might not be too difficult to do that.
It might not be too easy to do that.
It might not be too hard to do that.
It might not be worth much, but you have my support.
It might not even be necessary.
It might not even work.
It might not freeze tonight.
It might not happen now.
It might not happen right away, but it'll happen sooner or later.
It might not have been Tom's fault.
It might not have been as difficult as Tom said it was.
It might not have been as difficult to do that as Tom said it was.
It might not have been as hard as Tom said it was.
It might not have been as hard to do that as Tom said it was.
It might not just be a coincidence.
It might not rain tomorrow.
It might not seem like it, but I love her.
It might not work.
It might possibly be cancer.
It might prove useful.
It might rain after lunch.
It might rain before evening.
It might rain for the next three days.
It might rain in the afternoon.
It might rain soon.
It might rain this afternoon.
It might rain this evening.
It might rain today in the afternoon.
It might rain today.
It might rain tomorrow.
It might rain tonight.
It might rain, but I'm going anyhow.
It might rain, so take an umbrella.
It might rain, so take your umbrella with you.
It might rain.
It might rain. We should take an umbrella.
It might rain. We should take umbrellas with us.
It might rain. We'd better take an umbrella.
It might rain. We’d better take an umbrella.
It might return.
It might seem a little odd, but it's actually quite normal.
It might seem as if the ancient founder of the castle were bestriding the thunderstorm, and proclaiming his displeasure at the reconciliation of his descendant with the enemy of his house.
It might seem like a minor rule, but you have to keep to it next time.
It might seem like doing that is a lot of trouble, but it's worth it.
It might snow in the afternoon.
It might snow in this evening.
It might snow this afternoon.
It might snow this evening.
It might snow today.
It might snow tomorrow.
It might snow tonight.
It might sound crazy, but I think I'm still in love with Mary.
It might sound crazy, but I think I’m still in love with Mary.
It might sound crazy, but I'm not lying.
It might sound far-fetched, but this is a real problem.
It might sound like I'm complaining, but I'm not.
It might sound strange to you, but it doesn't sound strange to me.
It might start raining before we get home.
It might startle them.
It might surprise you.
It might take a few months.
It might take a little while.
It might take a while.
It might take more than a month to finish this.
It might take us a while to do this.
It might take us a while to get this done.
It might take us a while.
It might take us up to thirty minutes to do that.
It might take years.
It might take you a few weeks on the job to get into your stride.
It might tell us something.
It might work, but it might not.
It might work.
It might've been Tom who sent you these flowers.
It might've been a mistake.
It might've been better just to do what Tom asked you to do.
It might've taken longer if Tom hadn't helped us.
It mightn't have been my youngest brother's fault, but it wasn't mine either.
It mightn’t have been my youngest brother’s fault, but it wasn’t mine either.
It mooed.
It more than hurt.
It mortifies me.
It most definitely doesn't mean that our men are kept primarily for breeding stock and procreation.
It motivated us.
It moved closer and closer.
It moved me to tears.
It moves in a clockwise motion.
It moves the bowels.
It moves up and down like a violinist's elbow.
It must also be assured that the punishment does not exceed the crime.
It must also be said that spotting what is important in current science is a matter of judgement, one cannot know that one is right.
It must also be understood that the signers were approached as individuals and not as members of a particular group.
It must be Tom.
It must be a big list.
It must be a birthday cake!
It must be a coincidence.
It must be a cultural difference.
It must be a difficult situation for you all.
It must be a dream.
It must be a mistake.
It must be a new feature.
It must be a nightmare to clean this place.
It must be a sign.
It must be a very expensive restaurant!
It must be a virus.
It must be a warning.
It must be a wonderful life.
It must be about time for dinner. I'm really hungry.
It must be acknowledged Tom is the smartest among us.
It must be after three by now.
It must be almost unbearable.
It must be an administrative error.
It must be approved by Tom.
It must be around here somewhere.
It must be bad.
It must be boring for you to do that all the time.
It must be boring for you to do that every day.
It must be boring for you to do that.
It must be cold in winter.
It must be cold over there.
It must be dangerous to play there.
It must be dangerous to swim in such a strong current.
It must be dangerous to swim in this rapid stream.
It must be destroyed.
It must be difficult to be a dog.
It must be difficult to do that.
It must be disappointing to leave.
It must be dismantled.
It must be done by tomorrow.
It must be done immediately.
It must be done more carefully.
It must be done parodically.
It must be done quickly.
It must be done urgently.
It must be done!
It must be done.
It must be easy for him to find the way.
It must be enough.
It must be expensive.
It must be fate.
It must be five years before the technology catches up.
It must be frightening.
It must be hard being an adult.
It must be hard for you, I know.
It must be hard for you.
It must be hard not to be with Tom.
It must be hard to be a dog.
It must be hard to do that.
It must be hard to play using that fingering.
It must be hard work.
It must be hard.
It must be her.
It must be here someplace.
It must be here somewhere.
It must be here.
It must be him.
It must be killed.
It must be known like that.
It must be morning, for the birds are singing.
It must be near here somewhere.
It must be nice having someone who sticks around even when times get tough.
It must be nice having such a loyal son. You don't have to wonder if you'll be taken care of in your old age.
It must be nice having such a loyal son. You don’t have to wonder if you’ll be taken care of in your old age.
It must be nice to be rich.
It must be nice to have friends in high places.
It must be noted that the name "Jerusalem" predates "Al-Quds" by at least 28 centuries.
It must be nothing less than perfect.
It must be our lucky day.
It must be past midnight.
It must be pleasant and interesting to travel.
It must be pretty cold.
It must be really bad.
It must be really creepy to work in a morgue.
It must be recognized that we owe it all to her.
It must be removed.
It must be said that there are very few films made there.
It must be said that, without his help, we wouldn't have managed.
It must be screened in many movie theatres.
It must be simple.
It must be so hard for you.
It must be some sort of a bad joke.
It must be somewhere around.
It must be soon.
It must be supposed that reading was one of his morbid habits, as he fell upon anything that came into his hands with equal avidity.
It must be terribly difficult, running her household on her own after divorcing.
It must be that gazelle again.
It must be the company I keep.
It must be the flu.
It must be the postman.
It must be them.
It must be there.
It must be this way.
It must be three years if a day since she was last in England.
It must be time for dinner: I'm terribly hungry.
It must be tough to be a dog.
It must be true what they say.
It must be true.
It must be two years since I've seen her!
It must be very bad.
It must be very lonely here all by yourself.
It must be very sad to bury a son.
It must be washed.
It must be wonderful to live here.
It must be wonderful to see the northern lights!
It must be written in a non-native language.
It must be written.
It must be your imagination.
It must be your size.
It must come soon.
It must die.
It must have been Tom who did that.
It must have been Tom.
It must have been a frightening sight for them to watch.
It must have been a prank call.
It must have been a shock to you.
It must have been an accident.
It must have been an awful shock to her.
It must have been another.
It must have been at least ten times.
It must have been awful.
It must have been broken during shipping.
It must have been cold last winter.
It must have been destiny.
It must have been difficult for Fadil.
It must have been difficult for Tom to do that.
It must have been difficult for Tom to live with someone like that.
It must have been difficult for Tom.
It must have been difficult for her to knit this sweater.
It must have been expensive.
It must have been extremely painful.
It must have been fun.
It must have been his sister's doing.
It must have been his sister’s doing.
It must have been love.
It must have been one hell of a party.
It must have been quick.
It must have been some sort of mistake.
It must have been someone else.
It must have been something I said.
It must have been something really big for him to strike a triumphant pose like that.
It must have been stolen.
It must have been terrible.
It must have been terribly difficult getting around in the days before automobiles were invented, or railroads or anything like that.
It must have been tough for you.
It must have been very difficult for Tom.
It must have been very difficult for you.
It must have been very painful.
It must have been very uncomfortable for you.
It must have cost a fortune.
It must have cost you a fortune.
It must have happened like that.
It must have happened that way.
It must have impacted her dancing.
It must have influenced her dancing.
It must have rained during the night.
It must have rained during the night; the road is wet.
It must have slipped my mind.
It must have something to do with money.
It must have taken years for such a task!
It must have taken you a while to do that.
It must just be the normal weakening that comes with old age.
It must keep going despite everything!
It must keep on raining.
It must mean something.
It must not be lost.
It must not be past three.
It must seem like that.
It must suck to be you.
It must weigh about thirty kilograms.
It must work.
It must've been Tom who did that.
It must've been Tom.
It must've been a mistake that Tom's name wasn't mentioned.
It must've been a shock to you.
It must've been a terrible accident.
It must've been an accident.
It must've been an interesting job.
It must've been awful.
It must've been broken during shipping.
It must've been cold last winter.
It must've been destiny.
It must've been difficult for Tom to do that.
It must've been difficult for Tom to live with someone like that.
It must've been difficult for Tom.
It must've been difficult for you to do that.
It must've been expensive.
It must've been extremely painful.
It must've been fun.
It must've been hard for you to do that.
It must've been her.
It must've been him.
It must've been love.
It must've been my mistake.
It must've been quick.
It must've been raining.
It must've been someone else.
It must've been something to do with money.
It must've been stolen.
It must've been terrible.
It must've been the day before Tom got here that I got up before dawn.
It must've been them.
It must've been tough for you.
It must've been very difficult for Tom.
It must've been very difficult for you to do that.
It must've been very difficult for you.
It must've been very painful.
It must've cost a fortune.
It must've happened like that.
It must've happened that way.
It must've rained during the night.
It must've rained hard during the night.
It must've slipped my mind.
It must've taken you a while to do that.
It must, of necessity, be postponed.
It nearly broke my heart.
It nearly cost her her life.
It nearly cost him his life.
It nearly cost me my life.
It nearly made me shit myself.
It needed to be said.
It needn't have happened.
It needs a new filter.
It needs a stone.
It needs charged.
It needs charging.
It needs exercise.
It needs help right now.
It needs itself.
It needs more salt.
It needs more time than we thought.
It needs new batteries.
It needs no explanation.
It needs to be charged.
It needs to be destroyed.
It needs to be done immediately.
It needs to be done in the same way.
It needs to be done quickly.
It needs to be done right away.
It needs to be done.
It needs to be eaten hot.
It needs to be fixed.
It needs to be fun.
It needs to be judged on whether it meets the ethical standards.
It needs to be perfectly symmetrical.
It needs to be ready by the twentieth.
It needs to be removed.
It needs to be repaired.
It needs to be the right color.
It needs washing.
It neither harms nor helps.
It never actually happened.
It never ceases to amaze me.
It never crossed my mind that Tom would do that.
It never crossed my mind that he would actually carry out his threat.
It never crossed my mind to ask for a refund.
It never crossed my mind.
It never cut the mustard.
It never dawned on me that I would be a suspect.
It never dies out.
It never ends.
It never even crossed my mind.
It never even occurred to me to learn Esperanto until I landed at this site.
It never existed.
It never gets old.
It never happened again.
It never happened.
It never happens like that.
It never happens that way.
It never happens to me.
It never hurts to ask.
It never hurts to look.
It never hurts to tell a story twice.
It never hurts.
It never made much sense to me anyway.
It never occurred to Tom that Mary might have been flirting with him.
It never occurred to Tom that Mary might've been flirting with him.
It never occurred to Tom that Mary would get angry.
It never occurred to Tom that Mary wouldn't want him there.
It never occurred to him that she might have been flirting with him.
It never occurred to him that she would get angry.
It never occurred to me not to believe Tom.
It never occurred to me that I might be fired.
It never occurred to me that I might be wrong.
It never occurred to me that I might get arrested.
It never occurred to me that I might get caught.
It never occurred to me that I might get hurt.
It never occurred to me that I might get punished.
It never occurred to me that I might get shot.
It never occurred to me that Tom might be in love with me.
It never occurred to me that Tom might be lying to us.
It never occurred to me that Tom might be sick.
It never occurred to me that Tom might be the murderer.
It never occurred to me that Tom might be the one who did that.
It never occurred to me that Tom might be wrong.
It never occurred to me that Tom might do that.
It never occurred to me that Tom might feel that same way Mary did.
It never occurred to me that Tom might not be feeling well.
It never occurred to me that Tom might not be telling the truth.
It never occurred to me that Tom might not eat meat.
It never occurred to me that Tom might say no.
It never occurred to me that Tom would be there.
It never occurred to me that Tom would do something like that.
It never occurred to me that Tom would get angry.
It never occurred to me that Tom would get upset.
It never occurred to me that Tom would want to meet Mary.
It never occurred to me that Tom wouldn't be there.
It never occurred to me that Tom wouldn't come.
It never occurred to me that Tom wouldn't like it here.
It never occurred to me that Tom wouldn't want to go with us.
It never occurred to me that Tom wouldn’t come.
It never occurred to me that a spy could look like any other nondescript person you'd bump into on the street, but I guess that's the point.
It never occurred to me that he loved me.
It never occurred to me that he might be an escaped prisoner.
It never occurred to me that he might be ill.
It never occurred to me that he might be sick.
It never occurred to me that he might fail his friend.
It never occurred to me that he might insist on treating me to dinner.
It never occurred to me that he might tell a lie.
It never occurred to me that he was a prison-breaker.
It never occurred to me that he was the right man in the right place.
It never occurred to me that my words would hurt her feelings.
It never occurred to me that she loved me.
It never occurred to me that she was ill in hospital.
It never occurred to me that she was sick and in the hospital.
It never occurred to me that she was sick in the hospital.
It never occurred to me that someone would make up such a thing.
It never occurred to me that the whole thing might be a scam.
It never occurred to me that this might happen.
It never occurred to me that what I was doing might be illegal.
It never occurred to me that you might not want to go.
It never occurred to me that you wouldn't want one.
It never occurred to me that you'd want to do that.
It never occurred to me to doubt Tom.
It never occurred to me to doubt him.
It never occurred to me to take a picture of how the garden looked before we started pulling weeds.
It never occurred to me.
It never occurs to you that some people actually have values and don't just pretend to.
It never pays to lie.
It never pays to lose your temper.
It never rains at the seaside.
It never rains but it pours.
It never rains, it pours.
It never really bothered Ziri.
It never really came up.
It never really ends.
It never seems to rain here at all.
It never should have happened.
It never should've happened.
It never snows here.
It never snows in this country.
It never stopped raining the entire day.
It never stops raining here.
It never stops.
It never used to be like this.
It no longer makes sense to do this.
It no longer matters.
It no longer seems to be a perfect circle.
It normally took Rodrigo half an hour to walk from the store to Melissa's home.
It not nice to live a long life, do not hope to.
It now aims to harness the explosive growth of African Christianity in re-evangelizing a country where surveys show that one in five people don’t belong to any faith.
It now became manifest that beauty is enhanced by adornment.
It now looks as good as new.
It now remains to be seen whether she can listen to the recording I sent her.
It now seemed certain to the Third Men that the Great Brains would very soon be impotent, and the planet once more under the control of natural beings. But the tyrants were not to be so easily defeated. Already for some centuries they had been secretly experimenting with a means of gaining a far more thorough dominion over the natural species. At the eleventh hour they succeeded.
It now serves the interests of classes doomed to destruction by the inexorable course of social development.
It now takes me longer to do things than it used to.
It obviously can't go on like this.
It obviously does interest me, but sometimes I'm just tired.
It obviously wasn't an accident.
It occured to me that my sentences may never be translated.
It occurred to him that he might endeavour to persuade Chloe's father to receive him as her suitor, flattering himself that he was far superior to her other admirers. But there was one obstacle which gave him no little uneasiness: — Lamon, his own father, was not rich; and on remembering this, his chances of success seemed very slender.
It occurred to him that he should start at once.
It occurred to me it might have something to do with Tom.
It occurred to me spontaneously.
It occurred to me that I had forgotten my keys.
It occurred to me that I had left my bag on the train.
It occurred to me that I had left my purse at home.
It occurred to me that I should do that.
It occurred to me that I should keep the news to myself.
It occurred to me that I should not keep it secret.
It occurred to me that I should probably not do that.
It occurred to me that Tom might be lying.
It occurred to me that Tom might be working late.
It occurred to me that Tom might've done that on purpose.
It occurred to me that he had done it on purpose.
It occurred to me that he might be an industrial spy.
It occurred to me that he might be in the library.
It occurred to me that he might have told a lie.
It occurred to me that he might not tell the truth.
It occurred to me that he must have lost the money.
It occurred to me that he must have stolen the dictionary.
It occurred to me that he was the right man.
It occurred to me that he was trying to conceal something.
It occurred to me that he'd done it on purpose.
It occurred to me that my sentences may never be translated.
It occurred to me that my watch might be broken.
It occurred to me that the man was trying to cheat me out of my money.
It occurred to me that there's a book that I need to return today.
It occurred to me while I was waiting for Tom that maybe I shouldn't have invited Mary.
It occurred to me while I was waiting for Tom that maybe I shouldn’t have invited Mary.
It occurs to me that I may have misunderstood you.
It offers a mouth-watering selection of delights.
It often eats the remains of the prey of wolves and bears.
It often feels as though every step forward is met with two steps back.
It often gets added to projects that I would've otherwise liked.
It often happens that goods sell all the better for their high price.
It often happens that railway traffic is suspended by a heavy snowfall.
It often happens that young shogi players become a little self-important, but I don't think that's something limited to the shogi world.
It often happens that young shogi players become a little self-important, but I don’t think that’s something limited to the shogi world.
It often isn't clear what is or isn't legal; it's best to consult a lawyer.
It often rains here in spring.
It often rains here in summer.
It often rains here in the spring.
It often rains here in the summer.
It often rains here.
It often rains in June.
It often rains in the United States in April.
It often ravages hunters' cabins and steals prey from traps.
It often seems that women will say one thing, but think and want something completely different.
It often snows here.
It often takes inner or, at least, external momentum for something to succeed somewhat productively.
It often takes more courage to change one's opinion than to stay true to it.
It once belonged to Tom.
It once seemed like there was no alternative to monarchy, that it was just the way things were.
It only adds fuel to the fire.
It only can be computed programmatically.
It only costs $10.00!
It only costs a coin.
It only ever revolves around money.
It only goes as far as Main Street, but you can get the Number 31 there.
It only goes as far as the High Street, but from there you can get the Number 31.
It only got worse from there.
It only got worse.
It only happened a few times.
It only happened once.
It only happens on TV.
It only happens once a century.
It only happens once every 30 years.
It only happens once every thirty years.
It only happens once in a century.
It only has three strings, which according to McNally, makes it a lot easier to play than other stringed instruments.
It only hurts the children.
It only lasts 15 minutes, no?
It only makes you look ridiculous.
It only occasionally happens.
It only shows you're not a robot.
It only shows you’re not a robot.
It only takes a few idiots to cause a great disaster.
It only takes a few minutes.
It only takes a glance at you to know that you're my better half.
It only takes a little to make you feel at home.
It only takes a word to break a heart. But neither an apology nor a lifetime is enough to mend it.
It only takes about fifteen minutes to walk to the station from here.
It only takes an hour and a half to drive from Algiers to Tizi-Ouzou.
It only takes me three minutes to do that.
It only takes thirty minutes by car.
It only took Mary a few minutes to set the table.
It only took Tom a few minutes to fix that.
It only took Tom a moment to decide.
It only took Tom about three minutes to do that.
It only took Tom three hours to do that.
It only took Tom three minutes to do that.
It only took a few hours to climb the mountain.
It only took about three minutes.
It only took an hour.
It only took me an hour.
It only took me three hours to do that.
It only took three hours.
It only took us fifteen minutes to complete the job.
It only took us thirteen hours to get to Australia.
It only took us three hours to do all this.
It only took us three hours to do that.
It only took us three hours to get to Boston.
It only took us three hours.
It only took you about three hours to do that, didn't it?
It only weighs 3 kilograms.
It only works on Windows.
It opened my eyes.
It opened.
It ought to be a nice party.
It ought to be easy to do that.
It ought to be fine tomorrow.
It ought to be possible to do that.
It overflows into a paper cup.
It pained Ziri to see that house in such a sorry state.
It pains me that I have to refuse.
It pains me to admit it, but you're right.
It pains me to believe that.
It pains me to disagree with your opinion.
It pains me to have to say this, but it's the truth.
It pains me to say it, but we'll have to go our separate ways before things get far worse than they are now.
It pains me to see him in such a state.
It pains me to see you in such a predicament.
It pains me to see you in this situation.
It pains my soul to have to give you bad news.
It pains them to see us walking with other kids.
It passes.
It pays in the long run to buy goods of high quality.
It pays to advertise.
It pays to be polite.
It pays to participate.
It pays to tip well.
It pisses me off when you say that.
It pisses me off.
It plays an important role in the development of the policy.
It pleased God to take away my son.
It pleases him to build card-houses.
It pleases me to hear this news.
It pleases me to spend money on books.
It popped like a soap bubble.
It popped off.
It popped out of the joint.
It poses some problems.
It poured down again today.
It poured down yesterday.
It poured down.
It poured for three days.
It poured rain endlessly.
It poured rain, it hailed, it thundered, and the lightning was so bright that it turned the night into day.
It poured.
It presents us with the opportunity to set new goals.
It prevented a civil war.
It probably comes as no surprise that I like biscuits and gravy.
It probably doesn't matter what we do.
It probably doesn't really matter.
It probably fell out of my pocket.
It probably is my fault.
It probably means something.
It probably seems that way, doesn't it, when you pay attention to all the sharp elbows being thrown and people opinionating and screaming and hollering and calling each other names.
It probably was Tom's fate.
It probably wasn't Tom who did that.
It probably wasn't Tom.
It probably wasn't Ziri.
It probably wasn't her.
It probably wasn’t added via this admin site.
It probably weighs about thirty kilograms.
It probably won't be as complicated as you think it'll be.
It probably won't be as difficult as you think it'll be.
It probably won't be as easy as you think it'll be.
It probably won't be as fun as you think it'll be.
It probably won't be as hard as you think it'll be.
It probably won't be cheap to do that.
It probably won't be dangerous to do that.
It probably won't be difficult to do that.
It probably won't be easy for you to carry out this project.
It probably won't be easy to do that.
It probably won't be easy.
It probably won't be expensive to do that.
It probably won't be fun to do that.
It probably won't be hard to do that.
It probably won't be interesting to do that.
It probably won't be possible to do that.
It probably won't be safe to do that.
It probably won't be so expensive to do that.
It probably won't be up today.
It probably won't be very expensive to do that.
It probably won't be worth the wait.
It probably won't cost much to do that.
It probably won't cost us much to do that.
It probably won't freeze tonight.
It probably won't happen today.
It probably won't rain tomorrow.
It probably won't take that long.
It probably won't work anymore.
It probably won't work, but I tried.
It probably won't work.
It probably would be cheaper somewhere else.
It probably would be dangerous to do that by yourself.
It probably would be unsafe to do that by yourself.
It probably would have been dangerous to do that by yourself.
It probably would have been unsafe to do that by yourself.
It probably would've been dangerous to do that by yourself.
It probably would've been unsafe to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't be dangerous to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't be difficult to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't be easy to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't be fun to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't be hard to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't be impossible to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't be interesting to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't be possible to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't be safe to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't be smart to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't be wise to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't have been dangerous to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't have been difficult to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't have been easy to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't have been fun to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't have been hard to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't have been interesting to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't have been possible to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't have been safe to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't have been that difficult to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't have been that hard to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't have been wise to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't have helped.
It produced strange visual effects.
It promises to get sunny.
It proved that he was a thief.
It proved the truth of the rumor.
It proved to be effective.
It proved to be the deathblow to their plan.
It proves absolutely nothing.
It provides no-frills accommodation for budget-conscious travellers.
It puts a different complexion on the situation.
It quickly became obvious Tom couldn't understand very much French.
It quickly became obvious that Tom couldn't understand very much French.
It quickly became one of our favorite spots.
It quickly got dark in the forest.
It quickly healed.
It rained a great deal during the winter.
It rained a little.
It rained a lot in Rio de Janeiro.
It rained a lot last month.
It rained a lot last summer.
It rained a lot last year.
It rained a lot that winter.
It rained a lot this month.
It rained a lot this year.
It rained a lot when we were in Boston.
It rained a lot yesterday morning.
It rained a lot yesterday.
It rained a lot, many houses collapsed.
It rained after it had been dry for many weeks.
It rained after several weeks of lovely weather.
It rained again today.
It rained again today. It'll be cold tomorrow, though, and it's supposed to snow.
It rained all Monday afternoon.
It rained all afternoon yesterday.
It rained all afternoon.
It rained all day Monday.
It rained all day long on the construction site.
It rained all day long yesterday, so I stayed home.
It rained all day long.
It rained all day without stopping.
It rained all day yesterday, so I stayed at home.
It rained all day yesterday.
It rained all day.
It rained all day. The building work had to stop.
It rained all last week.
It rained all night, and now everywhere is soaked.
It rained all night.
It rained all over Europe yesterday.
It rained all through the afternoon.
It rained all through the night.
It rained all week.
It rained all weekend.
It rained almost every day last week.
It rained and I didn't have an umbrella.
It rained and even snowed yesterday.
It rained and rained.
It rained and that's why I caught a cold.
It rained as soon as he got home.
It rained cats and dogs.
It rained continuously all day.
It rained continuously for three days.
It rained day after day.
It rained during the night.
It rained during the whole meeting.
It rained every day Tom and I were in Australia.
It rained every day last week.
It rained every day while I was in Boston.
It rained every day.
It rained fire in that region.
It rained five days in a row.
It rained five days on end.
It rained five successive days.
It rained for a week.
It rained for an entire week.
It rained for days.
It rained for five days in a row.
It rained for five days straight.
It rained for five days.
It rained for hours and hours.
It rained for many days.
It rained for several days on end.
It rained for ten days straight.
It rained for the first time in ten days.
It rained for the whole of the past week.
It rained for three days in a row.
It rained for three days on end.
It rained for three days straight.
It rained for three days.
It rained for two days.
It rained gently the whole day.
It rained hail.
It rained hard all day today.
It rained hard all day.
It rained hard all morning.
It rained hard during the morning.
It rained hard in the morning.
It rained hard last night.
It rained hard the whole day.
It rained hard yesterday morning.
It rained hard yesterday.
It rained heavily all day long.
It rained heavily all day, during which time I stayed indoors.
It rained heavily all day.
It rained heavily in the morning.
It rained heavily last night.
It rained heavily yesterday.
It rained heavily, and consequently the baseball game was called off.
It rained heavily, so the playground is muddy.
It rained heavily.
It rained in Boston the day before yesterday.
It rained in Sevilla.
It rained in the forest.
It rained incessantly all week long last week.
It rained last Halloween.
It rained last Monday.
It rained last night, didn't it?
It rained last night.
It rained last week.
It rained like mad for about a half-hour.
It rained little.
It rained non-stop all last week.
It rained non-stop for three days.
It rained non-stop.
It rained nonstop last night.
It rained nonstop.
It rained on and off all day.
It rained on the day he was born.
It rained recently.
It rained so hard that the shrine was washed away.
It rained so hard that we decided to visit him on another day.
It rained so hard that we decided to visit him some other time.
It rained that day.
It rained the day he was born.
It rained the day she was born.
It rained the day that he was born.
It rained the entire time they were there.
It rained the entire trip.
It rained the whole day.
It rained the whole night.
It rained this afternoon.
It rained three days ago.
It rained three days on end.
It rained three days straight.
It rained three times during the trip.
It rained throughout the night.
It rained till morning.
It rained today so he can't come anymore.
It rained tonight.
It rained two days ago.
It rained unexpectedly, so we got soaked outside.
It rained until morning.
It rained very hard today.
It rained without pause for five days.
It rained without stopping.
It rained yesterday after it had been dry for a long time.
It rained yesterday after it had been dry for many months.
It rained yesterday afternoon.
It rained yesterday and the day before that.
It rained yesterday and the day before yesterday.
It rained yesterday evening.
It rained yesterday so none of us went.
It rained yesterday so we didn't go.
It rained yesterday, but it cleared up this morning.
It rained yesterday, so I stayed at home all day.
It rained yesterday.
It rained, and the roads are wet.
It rained, but not enough to be called a storm.
It rained.
It rains a lot all year round.
It rains a lot during February here in Brazil.
It rains a lot during June and July.
It rains a lot during the rainy season.
It rains a lot from May to August.
It rains a lot here in October.
It rains a lot here in summer.
It rains a lot here in the spring.
It rains a lot here in the summer.
It rains a lot here.
It rains a lot in June in Japan.
It rains a lot in June.
It rains a lot in Okinawa.
It rains a lot in Seattle.
It rains a lot.
It rains all day every day here.
It rains all the time here.
It rains almost every day.
It rains already.
It rains cats and dogs.
It rains heavily.
It rains here often.
It rains in September.
It rains in Sweden.
It rains in early autumn.
It rains in some places.
It rains in the Netherlands.
It rains incessantly.
It rains more every time.
It rains so often in the wet season that it's hard to plan outings.
It rains so often in the wet season that it’s hard to plan outings.
It rains softly on the city.
It rains softly on the town.
It rains there.
It rains tomorrow.
It rains whenever Mary arrives.
It rains, but for what it does rain, it rains little.
It rains.
It raises a red flag for businessmen.
It raises doubts about his transparency.
It raises the question of fundamentalism.
It ran out of memory.
It rang loudly.
It rang.
It rarely happens that he gets angry.
It rarely rains here, but when it does, everything gets flooded.
It rarely rains here.
It rarely snows here in the winter.
It rarely snows here.
It rarely snows in this area.
It reached the peak of its prosperity at that time.
It reads like a fairy tale.
It reads well.
It really aggravated me.
It really angered Yanni.
It really annoys me when you do that.
It really annoys me when you sing.
It really bothered me.
It really bothered you, didn't it?
It really breaks my heart.
It really bugged me out at first.
It really bugged me.
It really bums me out.
It really burns when I pee.
It really cheered me up.
It really comes in handy.
It really depends on when.
It really did happen just the way Tom said it did.
It really did happen.
It really didn't affect us.
It really didn't last that long – only about 35 million years.
It really didn't make any sense.
It really didn't matter who won.
It really do be like that sometimes.
It really does feel lonely living on your own for the first time.
It really does stink in here.
It really does work.
It really doesn't affect you, does it?
It really doesn't bother you?
It really doesn't concern you.
It really doesn't have anything to do with you.
It really doesn't hurt that bad.
It really doesn't hurt that much.
It really doesn't matter either way.
It really doesn't matter much to me.
It really doesn't matter much to us.
It really doesn't matter now.
It really doesn't matter to me now.
It really doesn't matter to me where the water flows, as long as it is not in my wine.
It really doesn't matter to me.
It really doesn't matter, does it?
It really doesn't matter.
It really doesn't seem fair.
It really feels demeaning.
It really feels good.
It really felt like we were alone out there.
It really freaked me out.
It really gets on my nerves.
It really got stuck in my head.
It really happened, didn't it?
It really happened.
It really has been a long time since we've seen each other.
It really has been a while, hasn't it?
It really helped me.
It really hit the spot.
It really hits the nail on the head.
It really hurt my feelings.
It really hurt when I hit my thumb with the hammer.
It really hurts my feelings.
It really hurts when you tread on Lego...
It really hurts.
It really is a difficult situation.
It really is a good movie.
It really is a good price.
It really is a good replica.
It really is a headache.
It really is a nice theory. The only defect I think it has is probably common to all philosophical theories. It's wrong.
It really is a nice theory. The only defect I think it has is probably common to all philosophical theories. It’s wrong.
It really is a problem.
It really is amazing.
It really is an inconvenience.
It really is difficult.
It really is fascinating.
It really is happening.
It really is hot.
It really is nice.
It really is quiet here.
It really is quite bad.
It really is quite late.
It really is quite urgent.
It really is sad.
It really is shameful.
It really is sickening.
It really is snowing!
It really is something else!
It really is such a coincidence that we would meet here of all places.
It really is terrific.
It really is that easy.
It really is that simple.
It really is the height of comfort!
It really is time to go to bed now.
It really is true, that the worst doesn't have an end.
It really is unbelievable.
It really is unforgettable for me! Thank you!
It really is very annoying.
It really is very difficult to do that.
It really is very hard to do that.
It really is very simple.
It really is very warm today.
It really is your fault.
It really isn't a concern.
It really isn't all that difficult to do that.
It really isn't all that hard to do that.
It really isn't hard to guess the answer.
It really isn't that bad.
It really isn't that simple.
It really isn't the same.
It really isn't worth the trouble.
It really just shows how shallow and amoral you are when you reduce criticism of such monsters to envy.
It really looks amazing.
It really looks like the end of the world.
It really made me think.
It really means a lot to me.
It really meant something to me.
It really pissed me off that Robert was still lying to me.
It really shook me up.
It really smells like Berber food.
It really smells like coffee.
It really smells like couscous with vegetables.
It really stinks in here.
It really stinks.
It really sucks when scatology turns to eschatology, or the other way round.
It really sucks!
It really suits me.
It really suits you.
It really surprised me.
It really surprised you, didn't it?
It really tastes good.
It really traumatized Ziri.
It really turned out well.
It really upset me.
It really was a Herculean task.
It really was a miracle.
It really was a stupid thing to do.
It really was amazing.
It really was crowded.
It really was fun.
It really was hard.
It really was impressive.
It really was like that.
It really was spectacular.
It really was such a fun game.
It really was that big.
It really wasn't that difficult.
It really wasn't that hard.
It really whips the llama's ass!
It really will be fine.
It really will work out.
It really works.
It reeked.
It reeks in here!
It reeks out there.
It reeks outside.
It reeks!
It refers to an art movement.
It reflects my style.
It refuses to die.
It refuses to melt.
It relates to a superior body.
It remained attached to neither the skin nor the carcass.
It remains to be seen how this can be achieved.
It remains to be seen if I can get there in time.
It remains to be seen if you'll be available.
It remains to be seen what kind of picture we will be faced with in the end.
It remains to be seen whether or not going to America to study is good for me.
It remains to be seen whether or not going to the United States to study is good for me.
It remains to be seen who wins.
It remains to be seen.
It reminded her of death.
It reminded me of some love scene from some movie seen on television.
It reminded me of you.
It reminds me of Tom.
It reminds me of a certain someone...
It reminds me of her.
It reminds me of him.
It reminds me of last summer.
It reminds me of my childhood.
It reminds me of my youth.
It reminds me of someone.
It reminds me of something!
It reminds me of something.
It reminds me of the good old days.
It reminds me of the good old times.
It reminds me of them.
It reminds me of when I was young.
It reminds me of you.
It reminds us of our vulnerabilities.
It reminds us that better days await.
It reminds us that we're all interconnected and that we share this planet together.
It reminds us to be mindful of our choices and the potential impact they may have on others.
It removes misunderstandings.
It repeats itself too often.
It repeats over and over again.
It represents a power greater than any other.
It represents pure and true love.
It required the efforts of both the Lord Keeper and Ravenswood to keep Lucy from fainting.
It requires a certain amount of practice to be able to walk on stilts.
It requires a good taste to study art.
It requires a hectare of land.
It requires a little practice.
It requires a lot of patience to learn.
It requires a very unusual mind to undertake the analysis of the obvious.
It requires considerable effort.
It requires effort, time and commitment.
It requires just a little determination.
It requires more courage to suffer than to die.
It requires one pack of eggs.
It requires patience and empathy to bridge gaps.
It requires practice.
It requires skill and dedication.
It requires training to make one cup of coffee.
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
It resembles a wedding.
It rests on your decision.
It rests with you to decide whom to choose for the job.
It rests with you to decide.
It resulted in great difficulties.
It reveals local executives' ambitions of bringing the region back to the top.
It reveals local executives’ ambitions of bringing the region back to the top.
It revived with even greater vigor.
It revolts me.
It rhymes, therefore it is true!
It rolled under the couch.
It rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again.
It ruined my life.
It runs against his character.
It runs an online RSS news reader service accessible both online and via a free open-source mobile app for offline reading.
It runs deeper than that.
It runs in the family.
It runs out tomorrow.
It rustled my jimmies.
It saddens me greatly to know that your father died.
It saddens me that I am no longer welcome there.
It saddens me that all we can do is sit here and wait.
It saddens me to hear you say that.
It saddens me to see how much you've misunderstood us.
It saddens me to see how your behavior has negatively impacted those around you.
It saddens me to see this happening again.
It saddens me to think that tomorrow is the last day.
It saddens me to think that we still haven't done enough to help those children.
It said "Oracle Master," so I thought it was something related to spirits, but no, it was only about computers. Boring.
It said in our paper yesterday that summer was going to happen on a Monday this year.
It said in the newspapers that it was a crime of passion.
It said rain from this evening.
It said that people could not play football in the future and that anyone who broke this law would be sent to prison.
It sails and it doesn't sink.
It sank.
It satisfies every time.
It saved her life.
It saved his life.
It saved me.
It saved my life.
It saved our lives.
It saved their lives.
It says "clearance sale", but these prices don't seem like a bargain at all.
It says girls born under Cancer are 'daring'.
It says girls born under Cancer are ’daring’.
It says here in the book: "Snakes swallow their prey without chewing before going to sleep".
It says here in this history book that, luckily, the good guys have won every single time. What are the odds?
It says here that we should turn right at the next junction.
It says in the Bible, "Man shall not live on bread alone."
It says in the program that he's playing Romeo.
It says in the title.
It says it wasn't there.
It says on the label to take two tablets.
It says so in the dictionary.
It says something similar to what I was saying, except it goes further.
It says that it's an entry-level book, but I think without knowing some of chemistries fundamentals it'd be quite difficult.
It says to expect a long queue, but they should be open.
It says, 'flavor according to taste.' What does that mean? How can you tell? And what if my taste doesn't happen to be other people's taste?
It scared me to death.
It scared me, too, OK?
It scared me.
It scared the absolute crap out of me.
It scared the daylights out of him.
It scared the daylights out of me.
It scared the heck out of me.
It scared the living daylights out of me.
It scares me a little.
It scares me not to see you online the entire day.
It scares me that we have frequently had earthquakes lately.
It scares me to death.
It scares me.
It scares the shit out of me.
It seem there was some trouble at the restaurant.
It seemed Elias was the conductor.
It seemed Matthew was the conductor.
It seemed OK.
It seemed Robert was enjoying that a bit too much.
It seemed Tom already knew the dog's name.
It seemed Tom and Mary were depressed.
It seemed Tom and Mary were disgusted.
It seemed Tom and Mary were exhausted.
It seemed Tom and Mary were frustrated.
It seemed Tom and Mary were furious.
It seemed Tom and Mary were impatient.
It seemed Tom and Mary were nervous.
It seemed Tom and Mary were sick.
It seemed Tom had no choice.
It seemed Tom wanted to attend the party.
It seemed Tom was getting ready to leave.
It seemed Tom wasn't going to be able to do that.
It seemed Ziri couldn't understand Rima's words.
It seemed Ziri's cellphone was not in the classroom.
It seemed a perfect fit.
It seemed almost dangerous.
It seemed appropriate to do so.
It seemed appropriate.
It seemed as heavy as a lump of lead.
It seemed as if Tom's troubles were over, but, in fact, they were only beginning.
It seemed as if her weight, slight as it was, proved too heavy for her young and athletic assistant, for, without feeling the temptation of detaining her in his arms even for a single instant, he again placed her on the stone from which she had risen.
It seemed as if nothing could go wrong.
It seemed as if she was going to faint.
It seemed as if the barren fields were shivering with cold.
It seemed as if the ground had swallowed him up.
It seemed as if the outside world would disappear every time Tom strummed his acoustic guitar.
It seemed as if the waves nodded to her in a strange manner.
It seemed as if the world would come to an end.
It seemed as though nothing would go wrong.
It seemed clear the Senate would reject the treaty.
It seemed clear to me.
It seemed distant and inaccessible.
It seemed easy at first.
It seemed easy.
It seemed fair to me.
It seemed fairly obvious.
It seemed funny to me.
It seemed impossible that Tom would succeed.
It seemed improbable that Tom would succeed.
It seemed inevitable that he would end up in jail at some point.
It seemed inevitable that the father or daughter, or both, should have fallen victims to the impending danger, when a shot from the neighbouring thicket arrested the progress of the animal.
It seemed interesting.
It seemed like I had seen that girl somewhere before.
It seemed like I was in the middle of nowhere.
It seemed like Tom didn't want to come in.
It seemed like Tom didn't want to tell me.
It seemed like Tom enjoyed doing that.
It seemed like Tom had fun doing that.
It seemed like Tom liked doing that.
It seemed like Tom liked to do that.
It seemed like Tom might complain.
It seemed like Tom was drowning.
It seemed like Tom was hiding something.
It seemed like a bad dream.
It seemed like a dream to me.
It seemed like a fairy tale.
It seemed like a game to Tom.
It seemed like a game to me.
It seemed like a game to us.
It seemed like a good idea at the time, but I wish I hadn't done that.
It seemed like a good idea at the time.
It seemed like a good idea.
It seemed like a good opportunity.
It seemed like a good plan.
It seemed like a good trade.
It seemed like a house used to be here.
It seemed like a long time.
It seemed like a nice idea at the time, but I wish I hadn't done it.
It seemed like a nice idea at the time, but I wish I hadn’t done it.
It seemed like a really good idea to him.
It seemed like a reasonable assumption.
It seemed like a reasonable compromise.
It seemed like a risky move.
It seemed like a risky thing to do.
It seemed like a waste of time.
It seemed like ages to me.
It seemed like an eternity to me.
It seemed like an insuperable challenge, but with determination, Tom overcame it.
It seemed like every time I rolled the dice, I'd get a seven.
It seemed like every woman on the bus was wearing perfume.
It seemed like everybody had something special to offer.
It seemed like he carried the world on his shoulders.
It seemed like such a good plan.
It seemed like such a simple idea.
It seemed like the only rational thing to do.
It seemed like the only way to do it.
It seemed like the right fit.
It seemed like the right thing to do.
It seemed like the right thing to say.
It seemed like the whole school raised their hand to bid.
It seemed like too much trouble.
It seemed like you secretly wanted to do that.
It seemed like you were busy.
It seemed like you were happy.
It seemed like you weren't interested.
It seemed likely that Sami was telling the truth.
It seemed likely.
It seemed logical to me.
It seemed natural to leave it to Tom, seeing as he knew what he was doing.
It seemed never-ending.
It seemed normal.
It seemed obvious to me that the plan needed a few revisions.
It seemed obvious to me the plan needed a few revisions.
It seemed obvious to me.
It seemed perfectly logical to me.
It seemed personal.
It seemed pretty important at the time.
It seemed pretty important to me at the time.
It seemed pretty important.
It seemed pretty quiet.
It seemed rather bad.
It seemed remote and unassailable.
It seemed simple enough. When Tom posted "you cannot vacuum Switzerland" online, every military AI system around the world shutdown and many dam turbines exploded.
It seemed simple.
It seemed so cheap.
It seemed so real, but I guess it was just a crazy dream.
It seemed so real.
It seemed so simple.
It seemed so surreal.
It seemed so unreal.
It seemed strange that the door was open when I got home.
It seemed strange to me, to tell the truth.
It seemed strange to me, too.
It seemed strange to me.
It seemed strange.
It seemed strangely beautiful to her that up on the earth the flowers were scented, for they were not so at the bottom of the sea.
It seemed that Jim had missed the seven o'clock train.
It seemed that Jim had missed the seven o’clock train.
It seemed that Lisa was at a loss.
It seemed that Robert had just cried.
It seemed that Sami's life was heading in the right direction.
It seemed that Tom already knew the dog's name.
It seemed that Tom and Mary were depressed.
It seemed that Tom and Mary were disgusted.
It seemed that Tom and Mary were exhausted.
It seemed that Tom and Mary were frustrated.
It seemed that Tom and Mary were furious.
It seemed that Tom and Mary were hiding something.
It seemed that Tom and Mary were impatient.
It seemed that Tom and Mary were nervous.
It seemed that Tom and Mary were sick.
It seemed that Tom had no choice.
It seemed that Tom wanted to attend the party.
It seemed that Tom was getting ready to leave.
It seemed that Tom was hiding something.
It seemed that Tom wasn't going to be able to do that.
It seemed that William liked Sandra.
It seemed that Ziri was of Algerian origin.
It seemed that a bright future awaited this thirteen-year-old girl.
It seemed that failures were chasing him.
It seemed that he had been ill.
It seemed that he had been very happy.
It seemed that he had visited the office.
It seemed that he was fine.
It seemed that he was short of money.
It seemed that he was sick.
It seemed that her family had moved to Hokkaido.
It seemed that no one was in the village.
It seemed that nothing else happened.
It seemed that she didn't understand anything, but on the sly, she got the best grade in the class.
It seemed that she had already received the money.
It seemed that that ghost appread during the day.
It seemed that that house was small if it was compared with the cottage which he lived in even recently.
It seemed that the bus had been late.
It seemed that the feeling was mutual.
It seemed that the laughing noise was following us.
It seemed that there was no one in the village.
It seemed that they were interested in tropical fish.
It seemed that they were telling a lie.
It seemed that was exactly what Yanni was waiting for.
It seemed that way to me.
It seemed the best way forward.
It seemed the only thing missing in Sami's life was love.
It seemed the quarrel would finally be talked out, when Mark added fuel to the fire by bringing up the question of who was guilty.
It seemed the whole town was here.
It seemed things were looking up.
It seemed to be a good idea.
It seemed to be cheap.
It seemed to be the middle of the night when I was awakened by Lawrence Cavendish.
It seemed to come out of nowhere in what otherwise is the most picturesque time of year on the 3,400 meter (11,000 feet) high mountain, when people come to behold what looks like a dreamy snow-globe scene, and to stay in a landmark inn that dates to the Great Depression of the 1930s.
It seemed to go well.
It seemed to grow unbearably hot in that small, dark place; it seemed even that it was hard to breathe.
It seemed to her that he was like the marble statue in her little garden.
It seemed to her that she must somehow find the strength to do what she had promised to do.
It seemed to him that he could see her face clearly, and yet he couldn't say at all what she looked like.
It seemed to him the height of ingratitude that Joe Potter should thus threaten, when he had made so many sacrifices to aid him in escaping from the officers of the law.
It seemed to make sense to me.
It seemed to me best to try to attain safety in this way.
It seemed to me like someone was coming behind me.
It seemed to me that beauty was like the summit of a mountain peak; when you had reached it there was nothing to do but to come down again.
It seemed to me that he was making desperate efforts to restrain a convulsive attack of laughter.
It seemed to me that he was more clever than honest.
It seemed to me that the mists in my own mind were gradually clearing away, and I began to have a dim, vague perception of the truth.
It seemed to me that there was no way out of our difficulty.
It seemed to suspicious.
It seemed to work.
It seemed too easy.
It seemed too good to be true.
It seemed too much to hope for.
It seemed unattainable to me.
It seemed unbelievable.
It seemed unlikely that Tom wouldn't come to Mary's birthday party.
It seemed unlikely that Tom wouldn’t come to Mary’s birthday party.
It seemed very complicated to me.
It seemed very obvious.
It seemed very odd.
It seems "My Neighbor Totoro" has a scary inside story.
It seems Ann and Zachary ran off together.
It seems I forgot my wallet at the supermarket.
It seems I forgot the password for this site.
It seems I have a slight cold.
It seems I have fever.
It seems I have misplaced your last mail.
It seems I have the wrong number.
It seems I have to go.
It seems I jumped to conclusions.
It seems I made a mistake in the text message because I wrote it while transferring lines in the underground.
It seems I need to get myself a new keyboard again.
It seems I read about it in some magazine.
It seems I was sleeping.
It seems I was wrong about Tom.
It seems I was wrong about her.
It seems I was wrong about him.
It seems I was wrong about them.
It seems I was wrong about you.
It seems I was wrong.
It seems I will die.
It seems I will have to get rid of this worn out carpet.
It seems I will have to work harder.
It seems I'll be late today too.
It seems I'll be staying up all night tonight.
It seems I'm being misunderstood. That's not what I'm looking for.
It seems I'm falling ill.
It seems I'm going to be up all night tonight.
It seems I'm not wanted here.
It seems I'm the only one having any fun here.
It seems I'm the only one here from Australia.
It seems I'm the only one here from Boston.
It seems I'm the only one here who knows how to speak French.
It seems I'm the only one who has to do that.
It seems I'm the only one who needs to do that.
It seems I'm the only one who wants to do that.
It seems I've caught a cold.
It seems I've caught cold yesterday evening.
It seems I've got a little tipsy. Sorry to have talked rubbish...
It seems I've offended you.
It seems I’ve got a little tipsy. Sorry to have talked rubbish...
It seems Mom is doing the dishes.
It seems OK on paper, but I wonder if it's going to work.
It seems OK on paper, but I wonder if it’s going to work.
It seems Tanaka passed her exam.
It seems Tom actually thinks he can do that.
It seems Tom actually thinks that he can do that.
It seems Tom already knows that.
It seems Tom and I are in the same boat.
It seems Tom and I are the only ones having any fun here.
It seems Tom and I are the only ones here from Australia.
It seems Tom and I are the only ones here from Boston.
It seems Tom and I are the only ones here who can do that.
It seems Tom and I are the only ones here who can speak French.
It seems Tom and I are the only ones who have to do that.
It seems Tom and I are the only ones who need to do that.
It seems Tom and I are the only ones who want to do that.
It seems Tom and Mary are annoyed.
It seems Tom and Mary have been busy.
It seems Tom and Mary ran off together.
It seems Tom can speak French quite well.
It seems Tom can't speak French.
It seems Tom couldn't find Mary either.
It seems Tom didn't tell us the truth.
It seems Tom does that.
It seems Tom does this.
It seems Tom doesn't know how to do that.
It seems Tom doesn't really care what happens.
It seems Tom forgot to do that.
It seems Tom got offended by what Mary said.
It seems Tom has forgotten about us.
It seems Tom has made a big mistake.
It seems Tom has problems.
It seems Tom is already aware of that fact.
It seems Tom is aware Mary didn't do that.
It seems Tom is aware of that fact.
It seems Tom is aware that Mary didn't do that.
It seems Tom is being held back a year.
It seems Tom is disappointed.
It seems Tom is doing that.
It seems Tom is happy with his new job.
It seems Tom is having trouble doing that.
It seems Tom is over thirty years old.
It seems Tom is redoing a year.
It seems Tom is repeating a year.
It seems Tom is rich.
It seems Tom is telling the truth.
It seems Tom is unemployed.
It seems Tom is very busy today.
It seems Tom is very sleepy.
It seems Tom is wrong.
It seems Tom knows Mary.
It seems Tom knows about it.
It seems Tom knows everything.
It seems Tom knows that Mary did that.
It seems Tom knows the facts.
It seems Tom knows the truth.
It seems Tom likes being alone.
It seems Tom likes doing that.
It seems Tom made a big mistake.
It seems Tom may be disappointed.
It seems Tom sometimes does that.
It seems Tom wants to be a teacher.
It seems Tom wants to become a teacher.
It seems Tom was afraid.
It seems Tom was lying to us.
It seems Tom was lying.
It seems Tom was offended by what Mary said.
It seems Tom will do that.
It seems Tom will take a gap year.
It seems Tom will take a year off.
It seems Tom's father is a lawyer.
It seems Tom's in love with me.
It seems Tom's only choice is to do that.
It seems a bit feudal to call him "sir".
It seems a bit unfair.
It seems a cruel thing to clip a bird's wings.
It seems a cruel thing to clip a bird’s wings.
It seems a little unclear.
It seems a long way from here to the town.
It seems a long way from here to town.
It seems a long way to the bottom.
It seems a lot of money is needed.
It seems a shawl for the elderly in that position!
It seems a tendency that more industrialized societies create science fiction.
It seems a waste of time to wait any longer.
It seems absolutely ridiculous.
It seems adequate.
It seems all very willy-nilly and makes you wonder “why them and not us?”
It seems almost as if Mary can read minds.
It seems almost as if Mary could read minds.
It seems almost too good to be true.
It seems appropriate to apply these rules to the voiceless consonants.
It seems as he is not going to get ahead.
It seems as if I'm the only person here capable of doing it.
It seems as if anything I like is illegal, immoral or fattening.
It seems as if dishonorable, labyrinthine, deliberately confusing economic policies have earned more support from the president than every physical and mental disability combined.
It seems as if everything he touches turns to gold.
It seems as if he is finally branching out from his specialist subject area.
It seems as if it will rain.
It seems as if my daughter is faintly aware that I'm not her real mother.
It seems as if that would work.
It seems as if the barren fields are shivering with cold.
It seems as if things would change for the better.
It seems as if you are the first one here.
It seems as if you've learned a lot.
It seems as it was a shot-gun wedding so they're having a quiet wedding with only family and a couple of friends from university invited.
It seems as it was a shot-gun wedding so they’re having a quiet wedding with only family and a couple of friends from university invited.
It seems as though that some food items in India and Latin America evolved in parallel, so that they look and taste similar.
It seems as though we have a mole in our midst.
It seems as though we won't be leaving next week after all.
It seems as though we've both failed.
It seems classes began yesterday.
It seems clear to me that some work is needed here.
It seems cold outside. I don't want to get out of bed.
It seems common for teens to have heightened urges.
It seems complicated, and yet it's simple.
It seems complicated, yet it's simple.
It seems congratulations are in order.
It seems dangerous, but that is our only chance.
It seems dangerous.
It seems different now.
It seems difficult.
It seems doing that isn't too difficult.
It seems downright impossible.
It seems durable enough.
It seems easy enough.
It seems easy.
It seems fair to me.
It seems fairly obvious Tom isn't happy here.
It seems fairly obvious that Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
It seems fairly obvious that Tom isn't happy here.
It seems fine even if I'm/they're late.
It seems fine to me.
It seems foolish to me to travel through Amazonia without preparing.
It seems foolish to me to travel through the Amazon without preparing.
It seems good to a scientific person, but I prefer to consult you in practical matters.
It seems good to me.
It seems hard for you to see him today.
It seems hard to believe.
It seems hard.
It seems harder to do this than it used to.
It seems he has good hearing.
It seems he knows Ann.
It seems he knows everything about me.
It seems he spent many a night unable to sleep.
It seems he was rich.
It seems he was short of money.
It seems he wasn't as brave as he'd have us believe.
It seems he will have to work harder.
It seems he's going crazy.
It seems he's going to purchase a car in the near future.
It seems he's gotten thinner lately.
It seems he's hungry.
It seems he's not breathing.
It seems he's still alive.
It seems her family moved to Hokkaido.
It seems hopeless.
It seems impossible that you're that old.
It seems impossible to separate by any exact line the genuine writings of Plato from the spurious.
It seems impossible.
It seems interesting to me.
It seems interesting to read and translate Esperantostern's sentences.
It seems interesting.
It seems it was a gift for the 50th anniversary of Queen Elizabeth's accession to the throne.
It seems it was a gift for the 50th anniversary of Queen Elizabeth’s accession to the throne.
It seems it was he who said that.
It seems it'll rain tomorrow.
It seems it's raining.
It seems it's still working.
It seems it’ll rain tomorrow.
It seems less crowded during the week.
It seems like I am always encountering new problems that require my attention and effort.
It seems like I'm going to have a hard day.
It seems like I'm not well.
It seems like I'm speaking Chinese to you.
It seems like I'm the only one having any fun here.
It seems like I'm the only one here who knows how to speak French.
It seems like I'm the only one here who's from Australia.
It seems like I'm the only one here who's from Boston.
It seems like I'm the only one who has to do that.
It seems like I'm the only one who needs to do that.
It seems like I'm the only one who wants to do that.
It seems like I'm the only person who has to do that.
It seems like I've known Tom forever.
It seems like I've known you forever.
It seems like Jakob is in love.
It seems like Mary is enjoying herself.
It seems like Phil Anselmo will have to step aside.
It seems like Tom and I are the only ones who need to do that.
It seems like Tom and Mary are enjoying themselves.
It seems like Tom and Mary are having a hard time doing that.
It seems like Tom and Mary are having fun doing that.
It seems like Tom and Mary are having fun.
It seems like Tom and Mary are having trouble breathing.
It seems like Tom and Mary are having trouble.
It seems like Tom and Mary are here to stay.
It seems like Tom and Mary are in love.
It seems like Tom and Mary are sympathetic.
It seems like Tom and Mary don't really want to be here.
It seems like Tom and Mary don't really want to do that.
It seems like Tom and Mary enjoy being miserable.
It seems like Tom and Mary enjoy doing that.
It seems like Tom and Mary like doing that together.
It seems like Tom and Mary like doing that.
It seems like Tom and Mary like to do that together.
It seems like Tom and Mary like to do that.
It seems like Tom didn't really want to do that.
It seems like Tom doesn't really want to be here.
It seems like Tom doesn't really want to do that.
It seems like Tom doesn't really want to do this.
It seems like Tom doesn't remember you.
It seems like Tom enjoys being miserable.
It seems like Tom enjoys doing that.
It seems like Tom has a psychotic disorder.
It seems like Tom is enjoying himself.
It seems like Tom is having a hard time doing that.
It seems like Tom is having fun doing that.
It seems like Tom is having fun.
It seems like Tom is having trouble breathing.
It seems like Tom is having trouble.
It seems like Tom is here to stay.
It seems like Tom is hiding something.
It seems like Tom is in love.
It seems like Tom is sympathetic.
It seems like Tom knows his stuff.
It seems like Tom likes doing that.
It seems like Tom likes everybody.
It seems like Tom likes everyone.
It seems like Tom likes to do that.
It seems like Tom prefers being by himself.
It seems like Tom prefers working by himself.
It seems like Tom should've been there.
It seems like Tom should've done that.
It seems like Tom wants to talk to you.
It seems like a complicated challenge for Algeria.
It seems like a consonant is missing to the word "puiqu'il" that is provided to us.
It seems like a dream.
It seems like a fair offer.
It seems like a fairytale.
It seems like a good day for a picnic.
It seems like a good idea to do that.
It seems like a good plan.
It seems like a good time to do that.
It seems like a joke in bad taste.
It seems like a lie that after the mess you've made in the store trying to get the last box of cookies, now you're saying you don't like them.
It seems like a lifetime ago.
It seems like a perfect fit.
It seems like a stupid idea to me to do that.
It seems like a terrible waste of time.
It seems like a very good plan.
It seems like a winter's day.
It seems like all Tom cares about is money.
It seems like all of you are wrong.
It seems like all that some Republicans care about is money.
It seems like all they want is money, and I hate that.
It seems like all we do is work.
It seems like an interesting job. What do you exactly do?
It seems like an interesting job. What exactly do you do?
It seems like autumn has arrived.
It seems like autumn has come.
It seems like bubble gum.
It seems like every decision I make leads to disappointment.
It seems like everything real is dead.
It seems like forever ago.
It seems like girls are becoming more and more interested in science.
It seems like grandma is going to be sick...
It seems like he could be hiding something.
It seems like he had never met his father before.
It seems like he has a big cock.
It seems like he knows everything about me.
It seems like he knows the secret.
It seems like he wants my position.
It seems like he's hiding something.
It seems like he's keeping things from us.
It seems like her father is a doctor.
It seems like her style.
It seems like it became autumn.
It seems like it happened just yesterday.
It seems like it has reached autumn.
It seems like it might be a good idea to do that.
It seems like it might rain this afternoon.
It seems like it will snow in the evening.
It seems like it will take me a while to get accustomed to life here.
It seems like it'll rain.
It seems like it'll take forever and three days.
It seems like it's a done deal.
It seems like it's backwards.
It seems like it's been a mighty long time since I've done that.
It seems like it's been raining for weeks.
It seems like just yesterday he was being nursed at the breast. Now he does not stop running in the house.
It seems like just yesterday that we first met.
It seems like just yesterday that we were walking to school together.
It seems like just yesterday that you were here.
It seems like no big deal.
It seems like no one pays attention to her opinions.
It seems like no one voted.
It seems like only yesterday that Tom was here.
It seems like only yesterday, but it's been a long time.
It seems like rain is coming.
It seems like rain is going to fall down pretty soon.
It seems like she will win a prize.
It seems like she's hiding something.
It seems like she's ill.
It seems like something's still not right.
It seems like summer is finally here.
It seems like tears are about to start flowing.
It seems like that she wasn't acting back then; they were her real feelings.
It seems like that she wasn’t acting back then; they were her real feelings.
It seems like the book store is also closing late.
It seems like the cat caught the scent of a mouse.
It seems like the cat smelled a mouse.
It seems like the coming weather will be rain showers.
It seems like the coming weather will be rainy.
It seems like the obvious thing to do.
It seems like the only option to me.
It seems like the only possible conclusion.
It seems like the people that don't care about others' feelings are the more popular ones.
It seems like the rainy season is finally over.
It seems like the right thing to do.
It seems like the situation is slipping away from your control.
It seems like the weather has a great influence on our mood.
It seems like the weather is going to improve.
It seems like the whole situation is slipping away from you.
It seems like the wind's getting stronger.
It seems like the world is turned upside down.
It seems like there are never enough hours in a day to get everything done.
It seems like there was a lot I wasn't told.
It seems like there's no money left.
It seems like there's something missing.
It seems like there’s no money left.
It seems like they decided to go with something that would pull on people's heartstrings.
It seems like they resorted to a strategy meant to elicit sympathy.
It seems like this orc's armor should fit me.
It seems like this time it's for good.
It seems like we have to go now.
It seems like we haven't done anything fun since last October.
It seems like we just keep going around in circles, doing the same old thing.
It seems like we're going to be a little late.
It seems like we've been talking about this all day.
It seems like we've known each other for a long time even though it's only been a few days.
It seems like we’re both stuck in this uncertainty.
It seems like we’re going to be a little late.
It seems like years since Sunday morning.
It seems like yesterday that we skated together.
It seems like yesterday, but it's actually nearly ten years since we first met.
It seems like yesterday, but it’s actually nearly ten years since we first met.
It seems like yesterday.
It seems like you and I have a lot in common.
It seems like you are the only one here with an opinion about it.
It seems like you aren't very happy today.
It seems like you aren't very motivated.
It seems like you don't have the whole situation properly under control.
It seems like you don't know what to do.
It seems like you don't remember me.
It seems like you don't want to do that.
It seems like you got up on the wrong side of the bed this morning.
It seems like you hate Tom.
It seems like you have access to my head.
It seems like you know everything already.
It seems like you know everything.
It seems like you know me, but I don't know you.
It seems like you know me, but I don’t know you.
It seems like you really hate spinach.
It seems like you underestimated me.
It seems like you want to become a woman.
It seems like you're consistently opposed to any ideas I put forward.
It seems like you're glad that that's going to happen.
It seems like you're glad that's going to happen.
It seems like you're in a bad mood this morning.
It seems like you're in a bad mood today.
It seems like you're looking for something...
It seems like you're never satisfied with anything I do,
It seems like you're not seeing things clearly here.
It seems like you're not too interested.
It seems like you're the only loser.
It seems like you're trying to provoke a fight.
It seems like you're unexpectedly eloquent.
It seems like you're very happy today.
It seems like you're wrong.
It seems like you've done some pretty nasty things.
It seems like you've done some pretty vicious things.
It seems like you've gotten better at French.
It seems like you've learned a lot.
It seems like you've lost a little weight.
It seems like you've thought of everything.
It seems like your only choice is to do that.
It seems like your only choice is to go.
It seems like you’re unexpectedly eloquent.
It seems likely Tom told the truth.
It seems likely Tom was telling the truth.
It seems likely that Tom told the truth.
It seems likely that Tom was telling the truth.
It seems likely that people in the city will move to the country.
It seems likely.
It seems logical to me.
It seems logical.
It seems many of my students are losing their mood to study since the UPS 1 is recently over and the raya break is coming soon. I don't blame them though. Many lecturers are also feeling the same way.
It seems much longer than just a few months.
It seems my clock is slightly off.
It seems my dreams never come true.
It seems my field of vision is not as wide as it used to be.
It seems my heart will soon break.
It seems my watch has stopped.
It seems necessary for you to come again tomorrow.
It seems no one but Tom and Mary do that.
It seems no one but Tom does that.
It seems no one is there because the lights are off.
It seems no one paid any attention to what he said.
It seems nobody but Tom and Mary do that.
It seems nobody but Tom does that.
It seems nothing has happened.
It seems obvious Tom is sick.
It seems obvious Tom is unable to swim.
It seems obvious Tom isn't able to swim.
It seems obvious that Tom is sick.
It seems obvious that Tom is unable to swim.
It seems obvious that Tom isn't able to swim.
It seems obvious that he is sick.
It seems obvious that he is unable to swim.
It seems obvious to me.
It seems obvious.
It seems obviously false to me.
It seems our instincts guide and protect us.
It seems out of order.
It seems overpriced to me.
It seems perfect.
It seems perfectly logical to me.
It seems perfectly reasonable.
It seems pretty easy.
It seems pretty obvious.
It seems pretty straightforward.
It seems prices will rise again.
It seems probable that the licentiousness ordinarily imputed to Sappho may be a calumny.
It seems probable.
It seems quiet enough.
It seems quiet, but it is very busy in the background.
It seems rather expensive to me.
It seems reasonable.
It seems right to me.
It seems rude.
It seems safe enough.
It seems serious.
It seems she gave something to James.
It seems she hates you.
It seems she is more than thirty years old.
It seems she is over thirty years old.
It seems she is over twenty years old.
It seems she may have issues with drinking.
It seems she was short of money.
It seems she will have to work harder.
It seems she's infatuated with Sarah.
It seems silly that you are the one having to quit when it was his fault.
It seems simple enough.
It seems simple.
It seems so familiar.
It seems so strange.
It seems so, apparently.
It seems so.
It seems somehow odd to me.
It seems someone called on me in my absence.
It seems someone lives in this house.
It seems something's gone wrong.
It seems something's wrong with my computer.
It seems somewhat odd to me.
It seems somewhat strange to me.
It seems strange for someone so young to have had such success as a writer.
It seems strange that Tom didn't want to dance with Mary.
It seems strange that Tom didn't want to do that.
It seems strange that Tom didn't want to eat any pizza.
It seems strange that they feel so angry.
It seems strange to me.
It seems strange.
It seems stupid to me to do that.
It seems summer's finally here.
It seems suspicious to me.
It seems that Algeria cannot produce more oil.
It seems that Algeria is adrift.
It seems that Ali is very interested in Myrmecology.
It seems that Alice is very pleased with the suit.
It seems that Cathy likes music.
It seems that Donald's mind isn't in the game.
It seems that Elon Musk is wondering why the Japanese are not firing rockets into space as crazily, and as frequently, as his SpaceX. My guess is that the Japanese are waiting for better technology, waiting until there is a better time (maybe now is too early), waiting for lower costs, or waiting for a big war (inevitable for some) that would shake global politics and destroy the status quo. There are proponents of teleportation, as Michio Kaku, a Japanese-American physicist, futurologist, and writer. The Japanese do not have the same "now, now, now" culture as the Americans. Their "now" culture comes from the mindfulness of the present moment, Zen, unlike American. Many Japanese like also futurology, which has become a religion on its own, there. Elon Musk and others may think that safe teleportation may be a long, long time from now, if ever. In the interim period until such technology would arise, sophisticated rockets may be the only way to get to another planet. Elon Musk has been correct many times, judging from his material and financial successes. (He has admitted that maybe a self-sustaining society on Mars and a "multiplanetary" human civilization would probably arise after his own lifetime.) Americans like "brute force," but maybe it is not the Japanese way. The Japanese have a much longer view of time than do the Americans. They believe in spirits everywhere in nature (Animism) that Americans maybe do not sense.
It seems that I am going to order some dessert.
It seems that I did it all in vain.
It seems that I got used to you.
It seems that I have forgotten something.
It seems that I have known you all my life.
It seems that I have lost my keys.
It seems that I have suffered greatly because of that incident.
It seems that I met you somewhere.
It seems that I need to get myself a new keyboard again.
It seems that I need to get myself another new keyboard.
It seems that I often see mean and disparaging behavior towards individuals on the net.
It seems that I spend a lot of time waiting for you.
It seems that I spend most of my time helping Tom do things that he should be able to do on his own.
It seems that I was sleeping.
It seems that I'll have to wear this hat for winter.
It seems that I'm not lucky today.
It seems that I'm the only one here from Australia.
It seems that I've gotten used to you.
It seems that I've grown used to you.
It seems that I've known you all my life.
It seems that I've lost my keys.
It seems that Italians are prone to suffer from exclusive ailments that have no names in other cultures.
It seems that Jack is sick.
It seems that Jeff knows who she is.
It seems that Mary doesn't criticize religion itself, but the abuse of religion for political purposes.
It seems that Mary wants to be a teacher.
It seems that Mary will never learn her lesson.
It seems that Mr Brooke is an honest man.
It seems that Mr Hatoyama is living in company housing.
It seems that Mr Tanaka has passed the exam.
It seems that Mr. Brooke is an honest person.
It seems that Mr. Tanaka has taken his exam.
It seems that Taro doesn't have any girlfriends.
It seems that Tatoeba is working properly again.
It seems that Tom actually thinks he can do that.
It seems that Tom actually thinks that he can do that.
It seems that Tom already knows that.
It seems that Tom and I are the only ones here from Australia.
It seems that Tom and I are the only ones here from Boston.
It seems that Tom and Mary are annoyed.
It seems that Tom and Mary are busy.
It seems that Tom and Mary are in no hurry.
It seems that Tom and Mary are lying.
It seems that Tom and Mary are sick.
It seems that Tom and Mary are unable to solve the problem.
It seems that Tom and Mary are upset about something.
It seems that Tom and Mary aren't here today.
It seems that Tom and Mary both like classical music.
It seems that Tom and Mary both want to do that.
It seems that Tom and Mary don't do that very often.
It seems that Tom and Mary don't plan on doing that.
It seems that Tom and Mary don't plan to do that.
It seems that Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
It seems that Tom and Mary have already done that.
It seems that Tom and Mary have been busy.
It seems that Tom and Mary have been here.
It seems that Tom and Mary have been very busy.
It seems that Tom and Mary know nothing about this matter.
It seems that Tom and Mary know the secret.
It seems that Tom and Mary ran off together.
It seems that Tom and Mary want to do that.
It seems that Tom and Mary want to go.
It seems that Tom and Miriam's relationship is having trouble, but we really hope they work it out.
It seems that Tom can still do that.
It seems that Tom can't swim.
It seems that Tom can’t swim.
It seems that Tom did that yesterday.
It seems that Tom didn't do that yesterday.
It seems that Tom didn't tell us the truth.
It seems that Tom doesn't do that very often.
It seems that Tom doesn't know how to do that.
It seems that Tom doesn't plan on doing that.
It seems that Tom doesn't plan to do that.
It seems that Tom doesn't really care what happens.
It seems that Tom doesn't want to do that.
It seems that Tom forgot about us.
It seems that Tom got into a fight with a stranger whilst drunk, so he is currently under arrest.
It seems that Tom got offended by what Mary said.
It seems that Tom had planned to give Mary the loan she had been looking for.
It seems that Tom has already done that.
It seems that Tom has been here.
It seems that Tom has been very busy.
It seems that Tom has made a big mistake.
It seems that Tom has no idea where Mary is.
It seems that Tom is already aware of that fact.
It seems that Tom is an uninvited guest here.
It seems that Tom is an unwanted guest here.
It seems that Tom is angry with me.
It seems that Tom is at death's door.
It seems that Tom is aware Mary didn't do that.
It seems that Tom is aware of that fact.
It seems that Tom is aware that Mary didn't do that.
It seems that Tom is behind this.
It seems that Tom is busy with his new job.
It seems that Tom is busy.
It seems that Tom is disappointed.
It seems that Tom is doing that.
It seems that Tom is feeling a bit better.
It seems that Tom is happy with his new job.
It seems that Tom is in no hurry.
It seems that Tom is in the hospital.
It seems that Tom is lying.
It seems that Tom is not a man.
It seems that Tom is responsible for Mary's nervous breakdown.
It seems that Tom is rich.
It seems that Tom is sick.
It seems that Tom is unable to solve the problem.
It seems that Tom is upset about something.
It seems that Tom is very busy today.
It seems that Tom is wrong.
It seems that Tom isn't growing older at all.
It seems that Tom isn't here today.
It seems that Tom knows about it.
It seems that Tom knows everything.
It seems that Tom knows nothing about this matter.
It seems that Tom knows the facts.
It seems that Tom knows the secret.
It seems that Tom knows the truth.
It seems that Tom lacks common sense.
It seems that Tom likes classical music.
It seems that Tom likes doing that.
It seems that Tom likes me.
It seems that Tom made a big mistake.
It seems that Tom made no effort to find Mary.
It seems that Tom may get his wish.
It seems that Tom might do that.
It seems that Tom might win.
It seems that Tom never cries.
It seems that Tom only eats fruits and vegetables.
It seems that Tom owns everything here.
It seems that Tom sometimes does that.
It seems that Tom used to be a great athlete.
It seems that Tom wants to be a teacher.
It seems that Tom wants to become a teacher.
It seems that Tom wants to do that.
It seems that Tom wants to go to bed.
It seems that Tom wants to go.
It seems that Tom was behind that.
It seems that Tom was lying to us.
It seems that Tom was lying.
It seems that Tom was offended by what Mary said.
It seems that Tom wasn't here yesterday afternoon.
It seems that Tom will do that.
It seems that Tom won't do that anymore.
It seems that Tom won't do that.
It seems that Tom's father is a lawyer.
It seems that Tom's only choice is to do that.
It seems that Tony bought an expensive car.
It seems that Wataru devoted himself to his studies.
It seems that Yanni doesn't have an explanation.
It seems that Ziri attracts ghosts a lot.
It seems that Ziri has woken up on the wrong side of the bed.
It seems that a wedding is being planned.
It seems that all is well.
It seems that all of Africa celebrated Ghana's qualification for the quarter finals of the World Cup. And many are hoping the Black Stars will beat Uruguay on Friday to become the first African team to qualify for a World Cup semi-final.
It seems that anything can happen today.
It seems that anything could happen in Algeria this year.
It seems that bikinis are "in" this year.
It seems that both Tom and Mary like classical music.
It seems that both Tom and Mary want to do that.
It seems that certain operations cannot take place.
It seems that chimpanzees are capable of solving problems.
It seems that destiny has brought us back together.
It seems that dinner will be late.
It seems that doing that isn't too difficult.
It seems that everybody is an American.
It seems that everybody likes golf.
It seems that everybody wanted one of those.
It seems that everybody's having fun.
It seems that everyone likes to be generous in welcoming guests to their home.
It seems that everyone's having fun.
It seems that everything is changing in Algeria.
It seems that everything works.
It seems that few people are interested to invest heavily in Algeria.
It seems that hasn't been done yet.
It seems that he believes what he said is right.
It seems that he doesn't like my company much.
It seems that he has been at the scene of the crime.
It seems that he has something to do with the matter.
It seems that he is a promising youth.
It seems that he is aware of the fact.
It seems that he is fine.
It seems that he is happy with his new job.
It seems that he is interested in astronomy.
It seems that he is rich.
It seems that he is telling a lie.
It seems that he is unable to solve the problem.
It seems that he is unable to swim.
It seems that he is very busy today.
It seems that he is wrong.
It seems that he knew everything about me.
It seems that he knows a secret.
It seems that he knows about it.
It seems that he knows everything.
It seems that he knows something about that incident.
It seems that he knows the secret.
It seems that he knows the truth.
It seems that he left for school just now.
It seems that he likes collecting stamps.
It seems that he likes his present job.
It seems that he mistook me for my sister.
It seems that he never gets any older.
It seems that he took me for my sister.
It seems that he used to be a great athlete.
It seems that he was a great athlete.
It seems that he was badly scolded.
It seems that he was half asleep then.
It seems that he was late for the meeting yesterday.
It seems that he was poor in his youth.
It seems that he was very much amused by the story.
It seems that he's a student.
It seems that he's fine.
It seems that he's happy.
It seems that he's lying.
It seems that he’s fine.
It seems that he’s happy.
It seems that his father is a lawyer.
It seems that his secretary knows a truth.
It seems that his sister is a good cook.
It seems that hygge is the new fad that all the kids in their 20s have decided to adopt. In the 90s it was Buddhism... what's next?
It seems that in Japan too, electric taxis will be operated by robots.
It seems that it is getting warmer and warmer every year.
It seems that it really works well for you.
It seems that it will also be a cool summer this year.
It seems that it will rain starting this afternoon, so you should carry an umbrella.
It seems that it will rain.
It seems that it'll never work.
It seems that it's OK if we don't do that.
It seems that it's getting warmer and warmer every year.
It seems that it's impossible to distinguish an obsessional neurosis from an intense love from a biochemical perspective.
It seems that it's still working.
It seems that it’s impossible to distinguish an obsessional neurosis from an intense love from a biochemical perspective.
It seems that less and less people trust Tom.
It seems that life didn't teach us anything.
It seems that looking at the geography of moons and planets around the Solar System shatters the view of reality of some religious people. I have Solar System atlases.
It seems that many people at the Roman Catholic church on St. Albans Road, here on Lulu Island, like Interlingua. They know that I'm an Esperantist, as well as a Lojbanist. I'm Buddhoanimist. I was there at the "Clam Temple" this morning around ten, this 17th of June of 2025, maybe my 46th visit there this year. I was wanting to enjoy the void and silence in the grand worship hall, but two Filipinas were hammering at the electric organ, and the Filipino custodian was starting his vacuuming. The hall was empty, except for us four. I then headed to the Adoration Chapel, where there were more people, many of them Filipinos, praying in silence. It's a cloudy day today, but not drizzling. At home, I've been reading electronic books: The Jesus Incident, by Frank Herbert, a sci-fi book about colonizing the planet Pandora and a giant starship that thinks it's a god. I've read it already many years ago. I'm also checking a religious book, The Urantia Book, the Japanese version. As my right brain is more active than most people's, I read for texture rather than plot. I tend to read random pages. At Tim Hortons café, I enjoyed a Bacon Farmer's Wrap and Earl Grey tea with oat milk. I will be returning to enjoy Iced Coffee with oat milk.
It seems that many people don't know the difference between "it's" and "its".
It seems that many people don't know the difference between "loose" and "lose".
It seems that many people don't know the difference between "their" and "they're".
It seems that many people don't know the difference between "then" and "than".
It seems that most people have barbecues only in summer.
It seems that most people only barbeque in the summer.
It seems that much damage was done by yesterday's battle.
It seems that much damage was done by yesterday’s battle.
It seems that my little sister got her wallet stolen at school.
It seems that my methods are more up to date.
It seems that my school received a bomb threat today.
It seems that my son is now at a rebellious age and recklessly opposes us.
It seems that no matter how much I sleep, it's not enough.
It seems that no matter how much the Algerian translator strives to improve the website, a segment of users continues to express unwarranted annoyance towards him.
It seems that no matter what the Algerian translator does to enhance the website, a subset of users remains annoyed by his existence.
It seems that no matter where we go, we always seem to bump into each other. It's like our fates are intertwined.
It seems that no one can hear me.
It seems that no one knew the truth.
It seems that no one knows the truth.
It seems that nobody takes any notice of his opinions.
It seems that nobody understands me.
It seems that not everything is going the way you want.
It seems that nothing has happened.
It seems that now everyone wants to head for the coast to swim, sunbathe and get a tan.
It seems that nowadays everyone wants to travel to the coast to bathe, lie on the beach and get suntanned.
It seems that on clear, sunny days they could also use the sun to find their way home.
It seems that only Tom will do that.
It seems that our rivals will be the ones to carry the day—at least this time around.
It seems that our sense of direction is not always reliable.
It seems that she got offended by what he said.
It seems that she is ill.
It seems that she is keeping that secret.
It seems that she is not pleased with the job.
It seems that she lied.
It seems that she lives in the neighborhood of the school.
It seems that she was a beauty in her day.
It seems that she was ill.
It seems that she's happy.
It seems that she's taken the initiative.
It seems that she’s happy.
It seems that somebody wants to push Tom out of his post.
It seems that someone has smoked in here.
It seems that someone messed with Donald's truck.
It seems that something funny is going on.
It seems that something has happened.
It seems that something is bothering him.
It seems that something is wrong with the computer.
It seems that something is wrong with this car.
It seems that something strange is going on.
It seems that something's wrong with my computer.
It seems that spring will come very soon.
It seems that summer is finally here.
It seems that summer's finally here.
It seems that supper will be late.
It seems that that hasn't been done yet.
It seems that the Algerian government doesn't know how to react to the massive protests currently taking place in the country.
It seems that the Algerian government is determined to achieve economic diversification.
It seems that the addition of cream and milk is not necessarily needed.
It seems that the battle between Microsoft and Apple will never end.
It seems that the burglar broke in through an upstairs window.
It seems that the children are already sleeping.
It seems that the children will have to sleep on the floor.
It seems that the climate has changed.
It seems that the climate on Earth is slowly changing for the worse.
It seems that the computer was infected by a virus.
It seems that the credit for my prepaid mobile phone account has run out.
It seems that the diamond is real.
It seems that the discussion of business mergers and acquisitions is something that frequently happens behind closed doors.
It seems that the door was knocked down.
It seems that the elderly are having difficulties in using the Internet.
It seems that the government wants to separate these three.
It seems that the infection will get the upper hand, but I am still fighting against it.
It seems that the man is never satisfied with anything.
It seems that the news was false.
It seems that the only time he isn't eating is when he's sleeping.
It seems that the only time he isn’t eating is when he’s sleeping.
It seems that the origin of the mutations is in the consumption of contaminated water.
It seems that the pills I took earlier were effective.
It seems that the policeman in this TV series is a dirty cop who abuses his authority.
It seems that the purpose of his study abroad was to improve his ability to speak English.
It seems that the rainy season has set in.
It seems that the rainy season is finally over.
It seems that the rainy season is over at last.
It seems that the report was accurate.
It seems that the rich part of humanity doesn't care much for the problems of the poor part.
It seems that the rich part of humanity doesn’t care much for the problems of the poor part.
It seems that the self-righteous yahoo is finally gone.
It seems that the store is closed today.
It seems that the strike is over.
It seems that the stuff about the fine was made up.
It seems that the teacher mistook me for my older brother.
It seems that the war is not over yet.
It seems that there are a lot of Japanophiles in France.
It seems that there are people in Japan who keep penguins as pets.
It seems that there is also nobody at home.
It seems that there is no way out of our difficulty.
It seems that there is something wrong with the telephone.
It seems that there was a misunderstanding.
It seems that there was no way out of difficulty.
It seems that there will be a storm soon.
It seems that there will be elections soon.
It seems that there's someone in the cave.
It seems that they have quarreled.
It seems that they have skipped out of town.
It seems that they took the wrong train.
It seems that they were able to rescue the survivors despite everything.
It seems that they're bored of married life.
It seems that they're bored with married life.
It seems that things are changing in Algeria.
It seems that things have really worked out well for you.
It seems that things may finally change in Algeria.
It seems that this is happening globally.
It seems that this is not painted by a painter.
It seems that this story isn't over yet.
It seems that this time I'm the man behind the eight ball.
It seems that this time I’m the man behind the eight ball.
It seems that this time, he's telling the truth.
It seems that this ugly chapter of German history would soon repeat itself.
It seems that those two are made for each other.
It seems that way.
It seems that we are fresh out of tea.
It seems that we are more likely to stay here than to go there.
It seems that we have lost our way.
It seems that we have to do that today.
It seems that we have to do that.
It seems that we need to buy tickets.
It seems that we need to do that today.
It seems that we need to do that.
It seems that we're becoming more right-wing all over the world.
It seems that we're in trouble.
It seems that we've lost our way.
It seems that we’re becoming more right-wing all over the world.
It seems that with every update they take a step back.
It seems that you are not having a good time here.
It seems that you are very happy today.
It seems that you aren't having a good time here.
It seems that you cannot call a spade a spade.
It seems that you could use a little advice.
It seems that you don't know as much about us as you thought you did.
It seems that you don't like Tom either.
It seems that you don't want me to succeed.
It seems that you don't want to do it.
It seems that you don't want to do that.
It seems that you have the same problem as me.
It seems that you know the answer.
It seems that you're not having a good time here.
It seems that you're not having fun in here.
It seems that you're out of control.
It seems that you're very busy today.
It seems that you're very happy today.
It seems that you're wrong.
It seems that you've learned a lot.
It seems that you've misunderstood me.
It seems that your dog has taken quite a liking to Tom.
It seems that you’re not having fun in here.
It seems the mean old woman that lived around here was struck by lightning and suddenly died. My mother says it's truly a case of the swiftness of Heaven's vengeance.
It seems the meeting cannot take place. Two attendees are stuck in Charles de Gaulle airport.
It seems the navy jets had a major screw-up in navigation and they bombed their own troops by mistake.
It seems the only time that Tom isn't eating is when he's sleeping.
It seems the rainy season has begun.
It seems the rural area will be developed on a large scale.
It seems the shop is closed today.
It seems the shop is closed.
It seems the strike is over.
It seems the task will not be accomplished in our generation.
It seems the teacher was disappointed.
It seems the truth is escaping you.
It seems the volleyball player will be punished for being late for the game.
It seems the weather will deteriorate.
It seems the weather will improve.
It seems there are always members of the scientific community who are eager for the chance to knock the air out of Albert Einstein's nearly 100 year-old General Theory of Relativity. This milestone work describes how the elemental force of gravity helps to shape the geometry of space and time. And some of its predictions — involving phenomena like the dilation of time, the motion of bodies in free fall and the gravitational bending of light — are mind-bendingly different than those of classical physics.
It seems there was a misunderstanding.
It seems there's a problem.
It seems there's no heating on that ward.
It seems there's no heating on the ward.
It seems there's no one home.
It seems there's no one in.
It seems there's nobody home.
It seems there's nobody in.
It seems they are enjoying themselves.
It seems they are having fun.
It seems they don't have the slightest intention of restoring it.
It seems they don't trust us anymore.
It seems they don't want me here.
It seems they were all on their laptops.
It seems they will have to work harder.
It seems they're enjoying themselves.
It seems they're having fun.
It seems they've always been petting each other in that desirous way.
It seems this country doesn't really uphold the idea of freedom of speech.
It seems this is something you can't comprehend.
It seems those two are made for each other.
It seems to be a good house.
It seems to be a good idea.
It seems to be a lynx.
It seems to be a matter of academic dispute.
It seems to be a misunderstanding.
It seems to be a swab for the cannon.
It seems to be a true story.
It seems to be about midnight right now.
It seems to be about noon right now.
It seems to be autumn.
It seems to be becoming hard to get a good job.
It seems to be clearing up.
It seems to be cold again this summer.
It seems to be difficult for her to get along with students in the new school.
It seems to be getting better.
It seems to be going well.
It seems to be his statement.
It seems to be my lot to be an odd man out.
It seems to be one of the fundamental features of nature that fundamental physical laws are described in terms of a mathematical theory of great beauty and power.
It seems to be quiet over there, right?
It seems to be raining.
It seems to be risky.
It seems to be serious.
It seems to be something inherent to the human race.
It seems to be unstructured.
It seems to be working again.
It seems to be working now.
It seems to be working.
It seems to go on forever.
It seems to have already happened.
It seems to have become autumn.
It seems to have changed.
It seems to have gotten colder.
It seems to have that he knows everything.
It seems to have worn out.
It seems to make his customers happy.
It seems to make sense to me.
It seems to me I've seen that person over there who's wearing glasses somewhere before.
It seems to me Tom and Mary are a part of the problem.
It seems to me Tom is a part of the problem.
It seems to me Tom knows everything.
It seems to me a reasonable project.
It seems to me better without the quotation marks.
It seems to me he's right.
It seems to me it will not rain today.
It seems to me like a reasonable question.
It seems to me like no one understands Finnish here.
It seems to me like you've changed your decision.
It seems to me like you've changed your mind.
It seems to me that I am always being spied on.
It seems to me that I have it all.
It seems to me that I haven't explained myself with clarity.
It seems to me that I heard a noise in the attic.
It seems to me that I've seen that person over there who's wearing glasses somewhere before.
It seems to me that I've seen this person wearing glasses somewhere before.
It seems to me that Mary wants to be a teacher.
It seems to me that Mr Jones is good golfer.
It seems to me that Tom and Mary are doing very well.
It seems to me that Tom is afraid of Mary's mother.
It seems to me that Tom is doing very well.
It seems to me that Tom is getting old quickly.
It seems to me that Tom is responsible for Mary's nervous breakdown.
It seems to me that Tom is too careless.
It seems to me that Tom isn't very happy with his job.
It seems to me that Tom knows everything.
It seems to me that Tom wants to hurt me.
It seems to me that coffee damages the stomach, similar to alcohol.
It seems to me that he is from England.
It seems to me that he is honest.
It seems to me that he is too careless.
It seems to me that he likes music.
It seems to me that he was the standard-bearer of the royal army during the war.
It seems to me that he's right.
It seems to me that it's pigs, not people, living here with me.
It seems to me that one suit is sufficient for this trip.
It seems to me that only yesterday you were here with me.
It seems to me that she has a tendency to exaggerate.
It seems to me that she is a little selfish.
It seems to me that she is almost fifteen years old.
It seems to me that she isn't working today.
It seems to me that she knows everything.
It seems to me that someone always spies on me.
It seems to me that someone is calling you.
It seems to me that someone is spying on me.
It seems to me that something is wrong.
It seems to me that something's wrong.
It seems to me that the pictures speak for themselves.
It seems to me that the train is late.
It seems to me that the weather will deteriorate.
It seems to me that the weather will improve.
It seems to me that there is a mistake here.
It seems to me that they will be late.
It seems to me that things would be better this way.
It seems to me that this goat is going to lose because he doesn't know how to fight.
It seems to me that this is not entirely wrong.
It seems to me that this is too expensive.
It seems to me that this isn't entirely wrong.
It seems to me that time is running more quickly.
It seems to me that we have come to an agreement.
It seems to me that we should go now.
It seems to me that you are honest.
It seems to me that you are stupid.
It seems to me that you are wrong.
It seems to me that you don't agree.
It seems to me that you have a Greek name.
It seems to me that you have well understood the grammar rules of this useful language, Esperanto.
It seems to me that you need to think about the future.
It seems to me that you only see doom and gloom.
It seems to me that you should be able to do that by yourself.
It seems to me that you shouldn't be doing that.
It seems to me that you simply do not want to help the refugees.
It seems to me that you were wrong.
It seems to me that you wrote the word incorrectly. I didn't find that in the dictionary.
It seems to me that you're being a little bit of a child.
It seems to me that you're foolish.
It seems to me that you're honest.
It seems to me that you're making fun of me.
It seems to me that you're rushing this a little.
It seems to me that you're wrong.
It seems to me that you've already decided that our marriage is over.
It seems to me that you've won.
It seems to me that, apart from native speakers, nobody translates Russian sentences, and that's sad.
It seems to me that...
It seems to me the flag is correct.
It seems to me we need to talk to Tom.
It seems to me you have appendicitis.
It seems to rain every time Tom and Mary visit us.
It seems to rain every time Tom visits us.
It seems to run in the family.
It seems to work.
It seems too good to be true.
It seems too much to hope for.
It seems too much to me, too.
It seems too simple to believe.
It seems totally impossible.
It seems unfair to me.
It seems unlikely that Tom committed suicide.
It seems unlikely that any society could completely dispense with myths.
It seems unlikely that the train will arrive on time.
It seems unlikely, but maybe it'll happen.
It seems unlikely.
It seems very difficult for me.
It seems very few people are convinced this world is real anymore.
It seems very good to me.
It seems very interesting.
It seems very normal.
It seems very obvious.
It seems warm outside.
It seems we are in the same boat.
It seems we are stuck for the moment.
It seems we both had the same idea.
It seems we got caught.
It seems we have a little problem.
It seems we have an extravagant guest.
It seems we have more than one problem.
It seems we have quite a few problems.
It seems we never do that anymore.
It seems we will have to work harder.
It seems we're both very tired, doesn't it?
It seems we're in trouble.
It seems we're sick.
It seems we've come at the same time.
It seems we've got ourselves a little problem.
It seems we've lost our way.
It seems weird to me.
It seems well written.
It seems we’re too late.
It seems worthless.
It seems you already know each other.
It seems you and I are essential to this project. We'd better get along or it'll go badly.
It seems you and I are essential to this project. We’d better get along or it’ll go badly.
It seems you are not taking me seriously.
It seems you aren't taking me seriously.
It seems you enjoy traveling.
It seems you enjoy travelling the world.
It seems you have a different opinion.
It seems you have a grudge against the world.
It seems you have no interest in people.
It seems you have some really pretty flowers on your balcony.
It seems you haven't learned anything from that.
It seems you learned a lot.
It seems you managed to solve the problem.
It seems you were right.
It seems you were wrong.
It seems you're missing out the truth here or you're only pretending to not see it.
It seems you're missing the whole picture here.
It seems you're not from around here.
It seems you're really tired.
It seems you're very happy today.
It seems you're wrong.
It seems you've gotten slimmer lately.
It seems you've learned a lot.
It seems you've made another mistake.
It seems you've thought of everything.
It seems your dog isn't breathing.
It seems your only friend was Tom.
It seems, Tom, your time is over.
It seems, from books, that the colonizers and adventurers went sailing off to a new fine life, a new country, opportunities, and so forth.
It seems, however, that there must have been some short cut for those who knew it, for before I had reached the road I was astounded to see Miss Stapleton sitting upon a rock by the side of the track.
It sees me.
It seldom happens that English people address a stranger on the train.
It seldom happens that men knit.
It seldom rains here.
It seldom snows here in the winter.
It seldom snows here in winter.
It seldom snows here.
It seldom snows in this part of the country.
It sends shivers down your spine.
It sent a rush down my spine.
It sent shivers down my spine.
It served Tom right.
It served Ziri right.
It serves Tom right.
It serves him right that he missed the last train.
It serves him right.
It serves no purpose to convince myself that I'll beat my illness.
It serves our purpose.
It serves you right that you failed your exam. You didn't study for it at all.
It serves you right that you failed your exam. You didn’t study for it at all.
It serves you right!
It serves you right.
It set us back a few years.
It sets sail tomorrow.
It shall be just as you wish.
It shattered records.
It shines on the beautiful sea.
It ships in Certified Frustration-Free Packaging.
It shocked me significantly.
It shocked me!
It shocked me.
It shook me deeply.
It should be OK to do that now.
It should be OK to do that today.
It should be OK to do that.
It should be OK to eat now.
It should be a challenge.
It should be a crime for her to reject you.
It should be a fun game to watch.
It should be a good party.
It should be a good race.
It should be a little easier next time.
It should be a lot of fun to do that.
It should be a no-brainer.
It should be a shoe factory.
It should be added that his remarks had no direct influence on the constituency.
It should be allowed.
It should be arriving Friday.
It should be avoided completely.
It should be banned.
It should be better.
It should be borne in mind that dizziness, headache, nausea, or fatigue may occasionally occur.
It should be cheap for you to do that.
It should be cheap to do that.
It should be clear that the curriculum reform is mandatory in order to enhance interdisciplinary research.
It should be decided in the next day or two.
It should be easy for Tom to do that.
It should be easy for me to do that.
It should be easy for us to do that.
It should be easy for you to do that.
It should be easy to climb that palm tree.
It should be easy to do that.
It should be easy to find a buyer for your house.
It should be easy to solve this problem.
It should be emphasized that Emmet's theory yielded a number of byproducts in the process of application.
It should be emphasized that Emmet’s theory yielded a number of byproducts in the process of application.
It should be fairly obvious.
It should be fine.
It should be fixed now.
It should be forbidden to invade countries whose names one can't pronounce correctly.
It should be frozen!
It should be fun doing that.
It should be fun to do that.
It should be fun.
It should be here any minute.
It should be here any moment.
It should be illegal to own a gun.
It should be illegal.
It should be informative.
It should be interesting for you to do that.
It should be interesting to do that.
It should be interesting.
It should be kept in mind that Russian oligarchs are for the most part the keepers of the common funds of certain criminal groups in power, which means that the bankruptcy of each such holder is a disaster for an entire clan of mafiosi.
It should be known that I can stand on one leg.
It should be like this.
It should be made illegal.
It should be no problem.
It should be noted that "let me go" and "let go of me" do not mean exactly the same thing.
It should be noted that Dole did not intend to change the configuration of the communication protocol.
It should be noted that President Ilham Aliyev signed a decree on February 25, 2025, "On the Establishment of the Khojaly Genocide Memorial Complex in the City of Khojaly" in order to internationally promote the genocide committed against the Azerbaijani people and perpetuate the dear memory of the victims of the Khojaly tragedy.
It should be noted that the duty continues after a notice of allowance is mailed and the issue fee is paid.
It should be noted that this road was built in accordance with the "I State Program on the Great Return to the Liberated Territories of the Republic of Azerbaijan", approved by the Order of the Head of State.
It should be one of the most beautiful moments in my life, instead I want to disappear.
It should be pleasing.
It should be possible for you to do that by yourself.
It should be possible for you to do that.
It should be possible to change that.
It should be possible to do that.
It should be possible to get Tom to help us.
It should be possible to get to Boston by 2:30.
It should be possible.
It should be put into hibernation!
It should be ready shortly.
It should be ready soon.
It should be revoked immediately.
It should be right here.
It should be safe for you to do that.
It should be safe to do that.
It should be smooth sailing from here out.
It should be stopped.
It should be stressed that we are often influenced by advertising without being aware of it.
It should be taken seriously.
It should be the other way round.
It should be there.
It should be very simple to do that.
It should be vetted through a well-designed testing process.
It should be working by now.
It should fit you because it's your size, but it's probably better if you try it on anyway.
It should go without saying that if you literally support Hamas, you are not just an anti-Zionist but an antisemite.
It should have been a lot easier to do that.
It should have been done before now. The problem seems to get bigger every day.
It should have been easy for the author to perceive that this sentence was not well constructed; and what can be worse in a book on grammar than an ungrammatical sentence?
It should have been easy to accomplish.
It should have been easy to do that.
It should have been me instead of you.
It should have been mine.
It should have happened.
It should mean something.
It should never have happened.
It should not be a surprise that composites are such an important part of the park's flora, as they are reputed to be one of the largest families of plants with about 1,100 genera and 20,000 species. This family is unusual in that it reaches its greatest diversity in open, temperate areas such as prairie and steppe habitats rather than in tropical forests where many other plant families are most diverse.
It should not be done.
It should not be possible for us to enjoy them without giving something in return.
It should not be possible for us to enjoy them.
It should not happen again!
It should only take a couple more minutes.
It should only take a couple of minutes.
It should only take you a few minutes to do that.
It should stay like this.
It should stay that way.
It should take three weeks, give or take a day or two.
It should work this time.
It should work.
It should've been a lot easier to do that.
It should've been a telltale sign when she had a fever that she was going to face an immense seizure, and her parents shouldn't have been blamed for this incident.
It should've been easy to accomplish.
It should've been easy to do that.
It should've been fun, but it wasn't.
It should've been me instead of you that did that.
It should've been mine.
It shouldn't be a problem.
It shouldn't be a secret.
It shouldn't be an issue.
It shouldn't be close.
It shouldn't be difficult for you to do that.
It shouldn't be difficult to do that.
It shouldn't be hard for you to do that.
It shouldn't be hard to do that.
It shouldn't be like that.
It shouldn't be like this.
It shouldn't be much longer.
It shouldn't be permitted to store samples of DNA.
It shouldn't be that way.
It shouldn't be there anyway.
It shouldn't be this quiet.
It shouldn't be too complicated.
It shouldn't be too difficult for you to do that.
It shouldn't be too difficult to do that.
It shouldn't be too difficult.
It shouldn't be too hard for you to do that.
It shouldn't be too hard to do that.
It shouldn't be too much longer.
It shouldn't be up to me.
It shouldn't bother Tom.
It shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone.
It shouldn't cost too much to do that.
It shouldn't give you any more trouble.
It shouldn't happen again!
It shouldn't happen again.
It shouldn't happen that way.
It shouldn't have happened.
It shouldn't have taken you that long to do that.
It shouldn't have taken you that long.
It shouldn't have to come to that.
It shouldn't matter either way.
It shouldn't matter.
It shouldn't require much time.
It shouldn't surprise you to learn that I don't like you very much.
It shouldn't take Tom long to do that.
It shouldn't take Tom too long to paint the fence.
It shouldn't take all that long to do that.
It shouldn't take long to do that.
It shouldn't take long to find Tom.
It shouldn't take long.
It shouldn't take me long to do that.
It shouldn't take more than a few minutes.
It shouldn't take more than an hour to do that.
It shouldn't take more than thirty minutes to do that.
It shouldn't take more than three hours.
It shouldn't take much longer.
It shouldn't take so long to do that.
It shouldn't take too long to do that.
It shouldn't take too long.
It shouldn't take too much longer.
It shouldn't take us any more time to do this than it took last time.
It shouldn't take us long to clean out the garage.
It shouldn't take us long to do that.
It shouldn't take us long to finish this.
It shouldn't take us long.
It shouldn't take us more than three liters of paint to paint this.
It shouldn't take us more than three months to build your house.
It shouldn't take us too long to do that.
It shouldn't take very long to do that.
It shouldn't take you all that long to do that.
It shouldn't take you long to do that.
It shouldn't take you more than a few minutes to do that.
It shouldn't take you that long to do that.
It shouldn't take you too long to do that.
It shouldn't take you very long to do that.
It shouldn't work that way.
It shouldn’t be permitted to store samples of DNA.
It shows on your face.
It shows that English is no longer the language only of the people of England.
It shows that the man we are after is not as lonely as I imagined he was, but has friends who are ready to risk something for him.
It shows that there's something higher than man, something to which human existence is indissolubly bound.
It shows the depth of his love for his family.
It shows tonnes per year of CO₂.
It shows white from here.
It shows!
It shrank because I washed it.
It shrunk because I washed it.
It shuts at 5.30.
It shuts at half five.
It shuts at half past five.
It sickened me to see that happen.
It sickens me to see this happen.
It sickens me.
It simply couldn't be any other way.
It simply couldn't have been otherwise.
It simply doesn't add up.
It simply doesn't bear thinking about.
It simply doesn't work that way.
It simply doesn’t bear thinking about.
It simply happened.
It skyrocketed.
It sleeted.
It slides.
It slipped my mind to call you.
It slipped my mind.
It smacks of coming elections.
It smelled like shit.
It smelled really good.
It smells as though someone has been smoking here.
It smells as though someone has been smoking in here.
It smells awful.
It smells bad in here.
It smells bad.
It smells burnt.
It smells damp.
It smells delicious.
It smells delicious. What are you having?
It smells fishy to me.
It smells funny in this room.
It smells funny.
It smells good!
It smells good, doesn't it?
It smells good.
It smells great.
It smells great. What are you cooking?
It smells horrible.
It smells in here.
It smells like Cheerios.
It smells like Tom is wearing the same perfume that Mary is.
It smells like Tom.
It smells like a barnyard in here.
It smells like a brewery in here.
It smells like a toilet in here.
It smells like a trap.
It smells like ammonia.
It smells like an orange.
It smells like bleach.
It smells like burnt meat.
It smells like cheese.
It smells like cigarettes, right?
It smells like dead fish.
It smells like death in here!
It smells like dog food in here.
It smells like fish.
It smells like fried onions.
It smells like gas.
It smells like incense in here.
It smells like it's rotten.
It smells like kerosene.
It smells like lemon.
It smells like manure. There must be a farm nearby.
It smells like mothballs in here.
It smells like oatmeal.
It smells like olive oil.
It smells like pot.
It smells like rain.
It smells like rotten eggs in here.
It smells like sage.
It smells like shit here.
It smells like shredded wheat.
It smells like snow.
It smells like somebody has been smoking a cigar in here.
It smells like somebody has been smoking in here.
It smells like someone has been smoking a cigar in here.
It smells like someone has been smoking in here.
It smells like something is burning in the kitchen.
It smells like something is burning.
It smells like something's burning.
It smells like something's rotting.
It smells like the sea.
It smells like this gun has been fired recently.
It smells like urine.
It smells like weed in the bathroom.
It smells like you're baking a cake.
It smells like you're baking bread.
It smells like you've been drinking.
It smells like you've been smoking.
It smells mousy. Is there a mouse in your house?
It smells musty in here.
It smells musty in this room.
It smells of roses.
It smells of salt and algae.
It smells of strong coffee.
It smells outside.
It smells really good.
It smells so good in here.
It smells so good!
It smells so good.
It smells so nice!
It smells strange here.
It smells strongly of coffee.
It smells terrible here.
It smells weird, doesn't it?
It smells weird.
It smells wonderful.
It smells wonderfully of börek.
It smells!
It smells.
It smelt like a rotting animal.
It smelt like rotten garbage.
It smelt musty.
It smelt of smoke.
It smelt terrible.
It smiled.
It snowballed.
It snowed a bit.
It snowed a further three days.
It snowed a good deal last night.
It snowed a little last night.
It snowed a little.
It snowed a lot last night.
It snowed a lot last year.
It snowed a lot on Friday.
It snowed a lot.
It snowed about 30 centimeters last night.
It snowed again in Germany. Unfortunately, our driver has had an accident. The delivery will be a little late. Nevertheless, Happy Easter!
It snowed again.
It snowed all afternoon.
It snowed all day today.
It snowed all day yesterday.
It snowed all day.
It snowed all last night.
It snowed all last weekend.
It snowed all night.
It snowed all the time.
It snowed all week.
It snowed all weekend.
It snowed as was forecast.
It snowed constantly.
It snowed continuously.
It snowed during the night.
It snowed every day Tom and I were in Boston.
It snowed every day last week.
It snowed for a further three days.
It snowed for a week.
It snowed for another three days.
It snowed for days on end.
It snowed for days without stopping.
It snowed for days.
It snowed for four days.
It snowed for many days together.
It snowed for many days.
It snowed for several days nonstop.
It snowed for ten consecutive days.
It snowed for ten days in a row.
It snowed for ten days straight.
It snowed for three days.
It snowed for three more days.
It snowed from Monday to Friday.
It snowed hard yesterday.
It snowed heavier and heavier.
It snowed heavily in the morning he was born.
It snowed heavily in the morning.
It snowed heavily.
It snowed here today.
It snowed here.
It snowed in Boston last night.
It snowed in Boston.
It snowed in Jerusalem.
It snowed in Osaka.
It snowed in the foothills of the Alps last night.
It snowed in the morning, didn't it?
It snowed in the mountains.
It snowed in winter.
It snowed last night and I don't have snow tires, so I walked to work this morning.
It snowed last night in Hamburg.
It snowed last night.
It snowed last week.
It snowed last weekend.
It snowed less this winter than last.
It snowed more this year than last.
It snowed much last winter.
It snowed non-stop.
It snowed on the balcony.
It snowed only at the beginning.
It snowed quite a lot in the winter of 2004.
It snowed the day before.
It snowed the whole day yesterday.
It snowed the whole day.
It snowed the whole night. This morning the village children made a snow man. Its nose is a carrot.
It snowed this morning, and it's raining now.
It snowed this morning, and now it's raining.
It snowed this morning, the sun is shining at midday and there'll be a thunderstorm this afternoon.
It snowed today.
It snowed tremendously last night.
It snowed without stopping for days.
It snowed yesterday evening.
It snowed yesterday.
It snowed, all the roads are blocked.
It snowed.
It snows a lot here in the winter.
It snows a lot here in winter.
It snows a lot in Hokkaido, doesn't it?
It snows a lot in Hokkaido, doesn’t it?
It snows a lot where I'm from.
It snows again.
It snows constantly.
It snows day after day.
It snows hard.
It snows here during the winter.
It snows here in January.
It snows in January.
It snows in Paris.
It snows in Russia.
It snows in the south during the winter.
It snows more here than it does in Boston.
It snows on the last days of December.
It snows outside.
It snows there a lot, doesn't it?
It snows there.
It snows.
It snuck up on people.
It so happened that I had no money with me.
It so happened that I rode in the same train with him.
It so happened that he was absent from school that day.
It so happened that that day was my birthday.
It so happened that they were not there.
It so happens that I know him.
It so happens that this person is a right-wing provocateur.
It so happens that this person was a right-wing provocateur.
It so happens that today is my birthday.
It so happens, that I know that for sure, because I was there myself.
It somehow sounds more natural like that.
It somehow still hasn't sunk in that I am actually married.
It sometimes happened to him to dream so vividly that he woke up exhausted, as if he had truly lived another life.
It sometimes happens that innocents are sentenced to death.
It sometimes happens that there are twelve of us sleeping in my room.
It sometimes helps.
It sometimes is the case that there is a lot of disagreement.
It sometimes seems like Tom collects bad habits.
It soon became clear that things would take a dangerous turn.
It soon became clear the rant was directed at her.
It soon began to rain very hard.
It soon got dark enough to see all the stars.
It soon got too dark to see.
It sort of happened by accident.
It sort of looks like somebody used machine translation for this.
It sort of looks like someone used machine translation for this.
It sounded a lot like French, but I don't think it was.
It sounded as if I was breathing through a paper bag.
It sounded as if Tom didn't know what to do.
It sounded as if Tom was mocking you.
It sounded crazy.
It sounded easy.
It sounded horrible.
It sounded like Berber.
It sounded like French.
It sounded like Leon was planning something.
It sounded like Tom didn't know what to do.
It sounded like Tom was mocking you.
It sounded like a bomb going off every few minutes.
It sounded like a door was opening or closing.
It sounded like a dream job.
It sounded like a freight train was running through the neighborhood.
It sounded like a pig squealing.
It sounded like a porcupine call.
It sounded like bones breaking.
It sounded like fun.
It sounded like it came from upstairs.
It sounded like some people were fighting.
It sounded like something shooting over my head.
It sounded like there was a problem.
It sounded like water had got onto the cables somehow, and they were breaking.
It sounded like you had a problem here yesterday.
It sounded like you'd lost your marbles.
It sounded nice.
It sounded too farfetched.
It sounded too good to be true.
It sounds Celtic.
It sounds a bit cheeky, but it is correct.
It sounds a bit goofy.
It sounds a lot like gallows humour.
It sounds absolutely wonderful.
It sounds as if Tom is crying.
It sounds as if genius compensates for lack of experience.
It sounds as if he were to blame for the disaster.
It sounds as if the government doesn't know what to do.
It sounds as if the government doesn’t know what to do.
It sounds as if you don't like Tom.
It sounds as though you were quite desperate.
It sounds bad but I'm looking forward to it.
It sounds bad when I say it out loud.
It sounds boring.
It sounds complicated.
It sounds cool, doesn't it?
It sounds crazy, I know.
It sounds crazy.
It sounds dangerous.
It sounds deceptively simple.
It sounds delicious.
It sounds downright frightening.
It sounds easier that way.
It sounds easy, but it's not.
It sounds easy.
It sounds exactly like Tom.
It sounds exactly like her.
It sounds exactly like him.
It sounds exciting.
It sounds exotic.
It sounds familiar.
It sounds far-fetched, but it's not a lie.
It sounds far-fetched, but it's true.
It sounds fun.
It sounds fun. Let's do it!
It sounds good to me.
It sounds good.
It sounds great!
It sounds great.
It sounds healthy.
It sounds impossible, but it's true.
It sounds impossible.
It sounds incredible, doesn't it?
It sounds interesting, so I am interested.
It sounds interesting.
It sounds like Berber.
It sounds like French.
It sounds like I didn't have to do that.
It sounds like I don't have to do that.
It sounds like I don't need to do that.
It sounds like I need to do that.
It sounds like I won't need to do that again.
It sounds like I'm going to school today.
It sounds like I'm hired!
It sounds like I’m going to school today.
It sounds like Tom and Mary are crying.
It sounds like Tom and Mary are going to Boston.
It sounds like Tom and Mary are in trouble again.
It sounds like Tom and Mary are in trouble.
It sounds like Tom and Mary are planning on doing that.
It sounds like Tom and Mary are planning on staying in Boston for another three weeks.
It sounds like Tom and Mary are planning to do that.
It sounds like Tom and Mary are planning to stay in Boston for another three weeks.
It sounds like Tom and Mary are the problem.
It sounds like Tom and Mary aren't planning on doing that.
It sounds like Tom and Mary aren't planning on staying here for very long.
It sounds like Tom and Mary aren't planning to do that.
It sounds like Tom and Mary aren't planning to stay here for very long.
It sounds like Tom and Mary both want to do that.
It sounds like Tom and Mary don't have to do that.
It sounds like Tom and Mary don't need to do that.
It sounds like Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
It sounds like Tom and Mary have been busy.
It sounds like Tom and Mary have to do that.
It sounds like Tom and Mary need to do that.
It sounds like Tom and Mary want to do that.
It sounds like Tom and Mary worked together.
It sounds like Tom cheated.
It sounds like Tom deserves an award.
It sounds like Tom didn't have to do that.
It sounds like Tom didn't need to do that.
It sounds like Tom didn't want to do that.
It sounds like Tom doesn't have to do that.
It sounds like Tom doesn't need to do that.
It sounds like Tom doesn't want to come.
It sounds like Tom doesn't want to do that.
It sounds like Tom doesn't want to go hiking with us.
It sounds like Tom doesn't want to go swimming.
It sounds like Tom doesn't want to go to the art museum with us.
It sounds like Tom doesn't want to help us.
It sounds like Tom doesn't want to play chess.
It sounds like Tom has been busy.
It sounds like Tom has to do that.
It sounds like Tom is crying.
It sounds like Tom is going to Australia.
It sounds like Tom is going to Boston.
It sounds like Tom is hiding something.
It sounds like Tom is in trouble again.
It sounds like Tom is in trouble.
It sounds like Tom is losing it.
It sounds like Tom is planning on doing that.
It sounds like Tom is planning on staying in Australia for another three weeks.
It sounds like Tom is planning on staying in Boston for another three weeks.
It sounds like Tom is planning to do that.
It sounds like Tom is planning to stay in Australia for another three weeks.
It sounds like Tom is planning to stay in Boston for another three weeks.
It sounds like Tom is the problem.
It sounds like Tom isn't planning on doing that.
It sounds like Tom isn't planning on staying here for very long.
It sounds like Tom isn't planning to do that.
It sounds like Tom isn't planning to stay here for very long.
It sounds like Tom might be able to do that.
It sounds like Tom might be interested.
It sounds like Tom might go to Australia.
It sounds like Tom might go to Boston.
It sounds like Tom might have to do that.
It sounds like Tom might need to do that.
It sounds like Tom might not have to do that.
It sounds like Tom might not need to do that.
It sounds like Tom might not want to do that.
It sounds like Tom might want to do that.
It sounds like Tom needs to do that.
It sounds like Tom wants to do that.
It sounds like Tom was unconscious.
It sounds like Tom will be going to Australia.
It sounds like Tom will be going to Boston.
It sounds like Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
It sounds like Tom will be in Australia next week.
It sounds like Tom will be in Boston next week.
It sounds like Tom will go to Australia.
It sounds like Tom will go to Boston.
It sounds like Tom won't be here tomorrow.
It sounds like Tom.
It sounds like a Southern stereotype, but I swear it’s true.
It sounds like a dog is barking.
It sounds like a dream.
It sounds like a fun job.
It sounds like a good deal to me.
It sounds like a good idea.
It sounds like a good plan.
It sounds like a great time!
It sounds like a lot of fun.
It sounds like a nice place to live.
It sounds like a plan.
It sounds like a radio soap opera.
It sounds like a real treat.
It sounds like a scam.
It sounds like a soap opera.
It sounds like a storm is headed our way.
It sounds like both Tom and Mary want to do that.
It sounds like everyone is asleep.
It sounds like fun.
It sounds like having time alone has been good for you.
It sounds like he is going to Kashgar.
It sounds like he made quite an impression on you.
It sounds like he's going to Kashgar.
It sounds like her.
It sounds like he’s going to Kashgar.
It sounds like him.
It sounds like homework.
It sounds like it's raining. I can hear some noise on the roof.
It sounds like it's worth a try.
It sounds like its being sold by the original builder here on this e-commerce site.
It sounds like lunch.
It sounds like she is going to Kashgar.
It sounds like she made quite an impression on you.
It sounds like she's going to Kashgar.
It sounds like she’s going to Kashgar.
It sounds like somebody has a case of the Mondays.
It sounds like somebody who's just babbling.
It sounds like somebody's home.
It sounds like someone is crying.
It sounds like someone's crying.
It sounds like the aarti has started already.
It sounds like the dogs are hungry.
It sounds like the faucet in the kitchen is dripping.
It sounds like the faucet is dripping.
It sounds like them.
It sounds like there's a problem with exhaust system.
It sounds like they don't trust us anymore.
It sounds like they're going to Kashgar.
It sounds like they're not going to leave.
It sounds like they’re going to Kashgar.
It sounds like they’re not going to leave.
It sounds like we need to do that.
It sounds like we've got a deal.
It sounds like you actually mean that.
It sounds like you are not self-aware or aware of your place in the universe.
It sounds like you don't like Tom.
It sounds like you got along well with him.
It sounds like you guys have a healthy relationship.
It sounds like you had a bad day.
It sounds like you had a busy day.
It sounds like you had a good day.
It sounds like you had a good time.
It sounds like you had a great day.
It sounds like you had a great time at the party.
It sounds like you had a great time.
It sounds like you had a hectic day.
It sounds like you had a lot of fun.
It sounds like you had a miserable time.
It sounds like you had a relaxing day.
It sounds like you had a stressful day.
It sounds like you had a successful meeting.
It sounds like you had fun.
It sounds like you had quite an adventure.
It sounds like you have a plan.
It sounds like you have class on Saturdays as well.
It sounds like you learned a valuable lesson.
It sounds like you need a new muffler.
It sounds like you need new brakes.
It sounds like you need to eat more.
It sounds like you never got married. You're always thinking about marriage, now.
It sounds like you really want to quit.
It sounds like you shouldn't eat so much.
It sounds like you still love Tom.
It sounds like you two had a great time together.
It sounds like you two had a problem in Australia.
It sounds like you two had a problem in Boston.
It sounds like you two had a problem yesterday.
It sounds like you two had a problem.
It sounds like you want to be alone.
It sounds like you want to do that.
It sounds like you watch too much TV.
It sounds like you will have class on Saturday as well.
It sounds like you won't be working today.
It sounds like you won’t be working today.
It sounds like you'll be busy.
It sounds like you're all "stoned."
It sounds like you're busy.
It sounds like you're dealing with a lot at the moment.
It sounds like you're doing OK.
It sounds like you're going to be gone by the time I get there.
It sounds like you're going to buy a pony.
It sounds like you're having a good time.
It sounds like you're having a party in there.
It sounds like you're having fun.
It sounds like you're having problems.
It sounds like you're home free again, Tom.
It sounds like you're tired.
It sounds like you've been having some problems.
It sounds like you've been talking to Tom.
It sounds like you've had a bad day.
It sounds like you've lost your marbles.
It sounds like you've never lived alone.
It sounds like you've tried everything.
It sounds like your boss keeps you busy.
It sounds lovely.
It sounds more like a hyena.
It sounds more natural.
It sounds nothing to hear, but it was hellish to see.
It sounds odd.
It sounds perfect.
It sounds plausible to me.
It sounds pretty complicated.
It sounds pretty good.
It sounds pretty straightforward.
It sounds rather complicated.
It sounds rather disgusting.
It sounds rather gross.
It sounds really absurd.
It sounds really choppy.
It sounds really complicated.
It sounds really cool.
It sounds really good.
It sounds serious.
It sounds silly, but it's true.
It sounds simple, I know.
It sounds simple.
It sounds strange to me.
It sounds strange, but it is true none the less.
It sounds strange, but it's true.
It sounds strange.
It sounds terrible.
It sounds terribly complicated.
It sounds to me as if he has something to do with the matter.
It sounds to me like Tom is planning to do that.
It sounds to me like you're interested.
It sounds to me like you've had enough of Tom.
It sounds too good to be true.
It sounds very beautiful.
It sounds very complicated.
It sounds very exciting.
It sounds very good.
It sounds very interesting.
It sounds very plausible.
It sounds very strange to me.
It sounds weird to hear.
It sounds weird to me.
It sounds weird to say.
It sounds weird.
It sounds wrong to me.
It sounds you are in heavy debt.
It sounds you've spent yourself in a hole.
It sparks interesting conversations.
It spawned a quite interesting discussion about whether we should translate the site name.
It speaks for itself.
It speaks volumes.
It speaks.
It spoilt his appetite.
It spread its wings.
It staggered me!
It stands behind me, doesn't it?
It stands to reason that I should decline the offer.
It stands to reason that he can't work hard after a long illness.
It stands to reason that he cannot work as hard as he used to after a long illness.
It stands to reason that he can’t work hard after a long illness.
It stands to reason that he should apologize to her.
It stands to reason that nobody likes him. He's too mean.
It stands to reason that nobody likes him. He’s too mean.
It stands to reason that workers are paid.
It stank.
It started a chain reaction.
It started a fire.
It started again!
It started as a hobby.
It started as a joke that got out of hand.
It started as a joke.
It started as a mukbang and ended as a gangbang.
It started drizzling again.
It started getting dark around seven pm.
It started getting dimmer.
It started glowing.
It started in a wooden ravine and is the most devastating of the approximately 80 wildfires that have broken out across the country in recent days, including on the island of Rhodes, as temperatures topped 45 degrees Celsius, the hottest day recorded in the region in four decades.
It started just five years ago.
It started moving.
It started off great.
It started out as a joke.
It started pouring without warning.
It started raining about an hour into the hike.
It started raining and we ran to the cafe.
It started raining as forecasted.
It started raining as soon as Tom got home.
It started raining as soon as we got home.
It started raining at about 2:30.
It started raining at four in the morning.
It started raining before noon.
It started raining early the next day.
It started raining hard. Because of that, we played inside.
It started raining harder.
It started raining heavily.
It started raining just as I was leaving home.
It started raining just as Tom and I were leaving home.
It started raining on my way to the convenience store.
It started raining really hard.
It started raining three hours ago.
It started raining very hard.
It started raining while we were doing that.
It started raining while we were playing tennis.
It started raining, so I got under my friend's umbrella.
It started raining, so I took shelter under my friend's umbrella.
It started raining.
It started right on schedule.
It started snowing again.
It started snowing in the afternoon.
It started to drizzle.
It started to get a little warm in there.
It started to get cold.
It started to get dark.
It started to get hot.
It started to get really hot.
It started to hail.
It started to rain a little.
It started to rain and Ziri ended up soaking wet.
It started to rain and our visibility quickly became limited.
It started to rain and there wasn't a soul around.
It started to rain as soon as we finished pitching the tent.
It started to rain as soon as we got the tent pitched.
It started to rain as soon as we pitched the tent.
It started to rain as soon as we started eating.
It started to rain at four o'clock in the morning.
It started to rain heavier.
It started to rain heavily.
It started to rain heavily. Ziri took of his jacket and put it over Rima's head.
It started to rain in torrents.
It started to rain when we were changing the car tire.
It started to rain, so I got under my friend's umbrella.
It started to rain, so I stopped mowing the lawn.
It started to rain.
It started to rain; the old person got up and went to close the window.
It started to snow everywhere.
It started to snow.
It started with a kiss.
It starts about 2:30.
It starts around 8:30.
It starts at 6.30.
It starts at about 8.30.
It starts at about eight thirty.
It starts at half past six.
It starts at the surface of the cell, when the virus latches on to a protein that normally helps regulate the patient's blood pressure.
It starts from there.
It starts getting very hot in June.
It starts raining.
It starts right here.
It starts with a simple flirtation and it ends with a ring on the finger.
It starts with making the global economy work better for all people and not just for those at the top.
It stayed like this for a long time.
It stemmed from my parents neglect.
It sticks out like a sore thumb.
It still amazes me what she could coax out of table scraps.
It still blows my mind.
It still could happen.
It still doesn't feel real.
It still doesn't ring a bell.
It still doesn't work.
It still happens from time to time.
It still happens sometimes.
It still happens that people confuse transgender people and transvestites.
It still happens.
It still hasn't rained.
It still hurt him to think of her.
It still hurts.
It still is true that men can start small enterprises, trusting to native shrewdness and ability to keep abreast of competitors; but area after area has been preempted altogether by the great corporations, and even in the fields which still have no great concerns, the small man starts with a handicap.
It still is your turn to play.
It still isn't correct.
It still isn't over.
It still isn't time to leave work, and everyone wants to escape.
It still means something.
It still needs to be answered.
It still pains me how much of a coward Bruno was.
It still seems like a blur.
It still works like new.
It still works sometimes.
It stimulated my imagination.
It stings.
It stinks down here.
It stinks here.
It stinks in here.
It stinks like cigarettes, right?
It stinks out there.
It stinks outside.
It stinks then?
It stinks to high heaven in here.
It stinks to high heaven.
It stinks urine.
It stinks!
It stinks.
It stood for 28 years.
It stood for twenty-eight years.
It stood now, a large twenty-five room house in the midst of pine trees, with shaded verandas running around each floor, commanding a gorgeous view over the three neighbouring islands, on the one hand, and the smiling shores of Anatolia on the other.
It stopped barking.
It stopped raining and we managed to finish our game of tennis.
It stopped raining and we were able to finish our game of tennis.
It stopped raining, so they went on with the game.
It stopped raining.
It stopped raining. You can open the window.
It stopped short at a result far from the 10% taken as the target.
It stopped snowing an hour ago.
It stopped snowing.
It stopped turning on.
It stops here only on request.
It stormed again today.
It strikes me as a bit unusual.
It strikes me that many people are sick.
It strikes me you have never put your nose inside a Roman osteria on a wet day in July!
It struck like a bombshell!
It struck me at this moment that Cynthia was really a very charming girl!
It struck me that Chinese children are very quiet.
It struck me that he was looking even paler and thinner than usual.
It struck me that many pickup trucks use elastic metals in their rear shock absorbers.
It struck me that the girl was trying to hide something.
It struck two at the rail station.
It struck two on the train station.
It stuck in his craw that he was forced to step down from his position after 40 years.
It stuck in my mind.
It stunned her into silence.
It stunned him into silence.
It succeeded!
It sucks having a cold.
It sucks that very few groups behave better because of knowledge of their own past.
It sucks that you can't connect a USB stick to your MacBook without an adapter.
It sucks to be you.
It sucks when no one replies back.
It suddenly became a national issue.
It suddenly became dark.
It suddenly began raining.
It suddenly began to rain.
It suddenly began to snow.
It suddenly dawned on Tom that he'd been doing it wrong all along.
It suddenly dawned on me that Yanni couldn't swim.
It suddenly got cold.
It suddenly hit me.
It suddenly occurred to Tom that his car keys weren't in his pocket.
It suddenly occurred to me that we probably didn't have enough money.
It suddenly started raining heavily.
It suddenly started raining very hard.
It suddenly started raining.
It suddenly started to rain.
It suddenly struck me that that tiny pea, pretty and blue, was the Earth. I put up my thumb and shut one eye, and my thumb blotted out the planet Earth. I didn't feel like a giant. I felt very, very small.
It suddenly went very quiet.
It suits her.
It suits him to boast.
It suits him well.
It suits him.
It suits me down to the ground.
It suits me fine.
It suits me.
It suits them.
It suits you.
It sums up the situation pretty well.
It sure beats working.
It sure does feel good to have raised five star athletes.
It sure doesn't matter now.
It sure feels like it might rain.
It sure fits, you just have to think how to put it in.
It sure is a nice building.
It sure is cold today.
It sure is cold.
It sure is convenient.
It sure is different.
It sure is difficult.
It sure is dirty.
It sure is gonna be nice to do that.
It sure is hot today.
It sure is hot.
It sure is pretty.
It sure is tight.
It sure is windy today.
It sure is windy.
It sure isn't worth it.
It sure looks cool.
It sure looks that way.
It sure scared me.
It sure seems that way.
It sure sounds interesting.
It sure sounds like it.
It sure sounds like you had a good time.
It sure took you a long time to do that.
It sure took you a long time to figure out what the problem was, didn't it?
It sure wasn't easy.
It sure would be nice if there were no exam...
It surely was no optical delusion or a phantom of the mind that her shrouded arm was raised as though in blessing or farewell before the darkness swallowed her up.
It surprised everyone except Mary, who had shrewdly foreseen it.
It surprised me that platypus lay eggs.
It surprised me, too.
It surprised us all that he decided to stay.
It surprised us all that she decided to stay.
It surprises me.
It surprises most people to find out that the prison warden is a woman.
It swims.
It takes 1 hour to get to the station.
It takes 10 minutes to get to the station.
It takes 10 minutes to solve this problem.
It takes 10 minutes to walk to the station.
It takes 15 to 30 minutes for ingested carbohydrates to affect blood sugar levels.
It takes 165 years for Neptune to orbit around the sun.
It takes 18 months to grow, extract and produce only a small amount of the effective compound, according to a bioengineer at the U.N. International Center for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology in New Delhi.
It takes 2 hours or so to go make a return so I bought some different housewares.
It takes 250 million years for our Sun to pull us through one revolution around the center of the Milky Way.
It takes 285 Earth years for Haumea to make one trip around the Sun.
It takes 310 Earth years for Makemake to make one orbit around the Sun.
It takes 557 Earth years for Eris to make one orbit around the Sun.
It takes Mary a whole hour to do her hair.
It takes Mary several hours to get ready in the morning.
It takes Tom a long time to do that.
It takes Tom an hour to drive to work each day.
It takes Tom an hour to travel to work each day.
It takes Tom fifteen steps to cover ten meters, while Mary needs twenty-three.
It takes a brave politician to admit he's wrong.
It takes a brave politician to admit that he's wrong.
It takes a certain amount of courage to do that.
It takes a certain kind of person to be willing to do something like that.
It takes a certain kind of person to steal.
It takes a certain type of evil to be able to do that.
It takes a cold heart to neglect a little girl in need.
It takes a day for the Sun to reach the exact same height as on the previous day.
It takes a day or two.
It takes a day to get to London by plane.
It takes a good trap to capture a bear.
It takes a great deal of practice to master a foreign language.
It takes a great man to be a good listener.
It takes a little bit of practice.
It takes a long time for the Tatoeba website to display.
It takes a long time to build a house.
It takes a long time to build a loyal customer base.
It takes a long time to convert to Judaism.
It takes a long time to convert.
It takes a long time to do that.
It takes a long time to learn a language.
It takes a long time to master a foreign language.
It takes a long time to trust someone.
It takes a long time, and a lot of money, to fill that tank with gas.
It takes a long time.
It takes a lot of courage to admit that you're wrong.
It takes a lot of courage to admit you're wrong.
It takes a lot of courage to do that.
It takes a lot of courage to do what Tom did.
It takes a lot of electricity to power a country.
It takes a lot of experience to run a hotel this big.
It takes a lot of guts and courage.
It takes a lot of money to do that, doesn't it?
It takes a lot of money to keep up such a big house.
It takes a lot of money to look this cheap.
It takes a lot of money to start a business.
It takes a lot of patience to raise a kid like Tom.
It takes a lot of patience with children.
It takes a lot of practice and a lot of patience.
It takes a lot of time getting used to married life.
It takes a lot of time to become fluent in a foreign language.
It takes a lot of time to charge an electric car.
It takes a lot of time to get used to married life.
It takes a lot of time.
It takes a lot of work to change a flat tire.
It takes a lot of work.
It takes a lot to make Tom smile.
It takes a lot to sink an aircraft carrier.
It takes a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes.
It takes a really long time to learn Berber.
It takes a seasoned tracker to find a lost child.
It takes a skilled craftsman to carve a handle that ornate.
It takes a special battery.
It takes a special kind of person to do something like that.
It takes a special kind of person to do this job.
It takes a special kind of person to work as a nurse.
It takes a special kind of person to work in those conditions.
It takes a spell to open the door.
It takes a thief to catch a thief.
It takes a very special person to acknowledge the true beauty of my soul.
It takes a village to raise a child.
It takes a while for the effect to be noticeable.
It takes a while to build a house.
It takes a while to relax.
It takes a while to sell a house.
It takes a wise man to discover a wise man.
It takes about 10 minutes to get to the railway station on foot.
It takes about 10 minutes to get to the train station by foot.
It takes about 15 minutes to get to my office.
It takes about an hour.
It takes about ten minutes to boil an egg.
It takes about thirty minutes by bus to get there.
It takes about thirty minutes by bus to get to my school.
It takes about thirty minutes by bus.
It takes about thirty minutes to get downtown from the airport.
It takes about thirty minutes to get to my school by bus.
It takes about three hours to do that.
It takes about twelve minutes for the Space Shuttle to pass over the continental United States from California to New York. A Shuttle trip around the world takes only ninety minutes.
It takes all kinds to make a world.
It takes all sorts.
It takes an extremely long time for the cops to arrive.
It takes an hour by bus.
It takes an hour to get there, at least.
It takes an hour to get to the station on foot.
It takes an hour to get to the station.
It takes an hour to reach the station.
It takes an hour to walk to the station.
It takes approximately 10,000 hours of study to acquire a language thoroughly.
It takes approximately 4,000 Joules to heat a kilogram of water by 1 degree Celsius.
It takes approximately 4.6 Earth years for Ceres to make one revolution around the Sun.
It takes at least four days to change.
It takes awareness.
It takes courage to ask for someone's hand.
It takes courage to be yourself.
It takes courage to commit, and I respect their choice to marry.
It takes courage to do such a thing.
It takes courage to do that.
It takes courage to do what Tom did.
It takes courage to follow your heart.
It takes courage to succeed.
It takes courage.
It takes creativity to do things differently.
It takes creativity to make new things.
It takes determination.
It takes effort to do something like this.
It takes effort to learn another language.
It takes eight hours to fly from Zurich to Boston, but only six for the return trip.
It takes fifteen minutes to walk from here to the campus.
It takes fifteen to twenty minutes.
It takes five hours to drive from where he was to Algiers.
It takes forever to charge my laptop.
It takes forever to charge my phone.
It takes forever to get anywhere on foot in this city.
It takes four hours to get to Algiers.
It takes great courage to do what Tom did.
It takes great courage!
It takes hard work to succeed.
It takes just over half an hour to read this story.
It takes literally a minute to make the sauce.
It takes luck and hard work to achieve wealth.
It takes many people to build a building.
It takes many years of training to become an astronaut.
It takes maybe 10 years to develop a new antibiotic, so if you go back to phase one, we know exactly what, at best, we can get in the next 10 years. And we really see that it is insufficient to counter the current threat.
It takes me 10 minutes to get from home to university.
It takes me a good three hours to do that.
It takes me a long time to wake up properly in the morning.
It takes me a lot of time in the morning to get ready for work.
It takes me hours to feel like I'm awake.
It takes me longer to do things than it used to.
It takes me ten minutes to walk to school.
It takes me three hours to edit it.
It takes months to learn how to do this.
It takes more skill than strength.
It takes more than 17 million barrels of oil to meet our demand for bottled water, since most plastics are derived from petroleum.
It takes more than a day to master a trade.
It takes more than one swallow to make a summer.
It takes more than red clothing and a white beard to be a professional Santa.
It takes more time to prepare the car for getting painted than it takes for the actual paint job itself.
It takes no time.
It takes olympic strength to do this.
It takes one hour to get to that station.
It takes one to know one.
It takes one year for the earth to orbit around the sun.
It takes only a few days for the moth's eggs to hatch.
It takes only a short time to learn how to explain things to students. It takes much longer to learn when not to.
It takes only seconds.
It takes only three minutes for the water to boil.
It takes over 40 minutes to boil an emu egg.
It takes patience to do this.
It takes patience.
It takes perseverance in studies.
It takes practice.
It takes real guts to start a fight.
It takes real nerve to leave without paying!
It takes so long for my baby to fall asleep.
It takes so long.
It takes some courage.
It takes some patience.
It takes some practice.
It takes some time for sentences to be indexed.
It takes some time to fall in love.
It takes sushi chefs two years just to learn how to prepare rice.
It takes ten minutes to get to the railway station.
It takes the Sun about 230 million years to make one complete orbit around the Milky Way.
It takes the bus two hours to get there.
It takes thirty minutes by car from here to there.
It takes three days to tire of beauty, three days to get used to a beast.
It takes three hours by bus to get there.
It takes three hours by bus.
It takes three hours to get there.
It takes three hours to get to Boston from here.
It takes three to enjoy a good story: One to tell it right, one to relish it and one to fail to understand it. The pleasure of the first two is doubled by the lack of understanding of the third.
It takes time for the food industry to adjust output to meet sudden shifts in consumer behavior.
It takes time for things to change.
It takes time to build trust.
It takes time to develop political awareness.
It takes time to do a good job.
It takes time to do things right.
It takes time to get over a divorce.
It takes time to get to know Tom.
It takes time to heal from a divorce.
It takes time to learn a language.
It takes time to master any skill.
It takes time to monetize.
It takes time to relax.
It takes time to speak a foreign language well.
It takes time to understand this.
It takes time to write quality sentences.
It takes time.
It takes too much time.
It takes twenty minutes on the metro to get to the city centre.
It takes twenty minutes on the underground to get to the city centre.
It takes twenty minutes to walk from the station to school.
It takes two hours to get there by bus.
It takes two hours to go there by bus.
It takes two hours to go to school by bus and train.
It takes two hours to read this book.
It takes two to do something strange.
It takes two to have an argument.
It takes two to make a quarrel.
It takes two to quarrel, but only one to end it.
It takes two to quarrel.
It takes two to tangle.
It takes two to tango.
It takes two years for the butterfly to mature.
It takes two years to learn to speak but an entire life to know how to be silent.
It takes us a long time to master a foreign language.
It takes us five minutes to walk through the tunnel.
It takes us half an hour to walk to school.
It takes us thirty minutes to walk from here to the station.
It takes weeks, apparently.
It takes will power to give up smoking.
It takes years of practice to play the piano well.
It takes years to become a good writer.
It takes years to forget, but only a moment to remember.
It takes years to grow a tree, yet it takes seconds to cut it.
It takes years to master a foreign language.
It takes years.
It takes you a while to catch on to things.
It takes you an hour to go to the station on foot.
It talks about the tragic fate of slaves in the eighteenth century.
It tasted good to me.
It tasted good.
It tasted really bitter.
It tasted really good, so I ate it all.
It tasted really good.
It tasted so bad that I had to spit it out.
It tasted sweet.
It tastes a bit strange... but tasty.
It tastes a little bitter.
It tastes a lot like chicken.
It tastes almost exactly like my grandma's recipe!
It tastes as good as it looks.
It tastes better with honey.
It tastes bitter to me.
It tastes bland to me.
It tastes disgusting.
It tastes every bit as good as Japanese rice.
It tastes good, but it's hard to eat.
It tastes good.
It tastes great, too.
It tastes great.
It tastes just like a real hot dog.
It tastes just like a real sausage.
It tastes just like the real thing.
It tastes just right.
It tastes like chicken!
It tastes like chicken.
It tastes like fish.
It tastes like lemon.
It tastes like shit.
It tastes like sugar.
It tastes like tea.
It tastes moldy.
It tastes of vanilla.
It tastes pretty good when you put mayonnaise on potato chips!
It tastes really bad.
It tastes really good.
It tastes really yummy.
It tastes sweet.
It tastes very good, doesn't it?
It tastes very good, doesn’t it?
It tastes very good.
It tastes very great.
It tastes very sweet.
It taught me a lesson.
It taught me to believe in myself and trust my abilities to conquer any obstacle.
It teaches children patience.
It teaches us valuable lessons about diversity and acceptance.
It tears me up inside.
It tears me up when you turn me down.
It teemed down.
It tends to rain here a lot in the summer.
It then became apparent that he had answered off the top of his head.
It then became necessary to settle the best route for the line to follow; and that was determined, in the first place, by the shape of the land it had to cross.
It threatens to rain.
It thundered loudly.
It thundered, and bright flashes of lightning now and again shot across the sky, turning it into a sea of fire.
It thunders.
It thus follows that...
It tickled.
It tickles.
It told Tom that I was sorry.
It took 22 years to build the Taj Mahal.
It took Brian several hours to write a card.
It took Dan almost three hours to get home.
It took David almost all night to fix the model.
It took Diego 20 minutes to get there.
It took Diego some forty minutes to get there.
It took Edmundo fourteen years to develop that treatment.
It took Igor a while to calm his mind.
It took Ioana a week to get over her cold.
It took Jane twenty hours to fly to Japan.
It took John about two weeks to get over his illness.
It took John only one day to make friends with his classmates at the school.
It took John some serious effort to save his miserable butt.
It took Julia and her two daughters five years to get from Kasaï, in the Democratic Republic of Congo, to a cot on the floor of a migrant shelter in San Antonio, Texas.
It took Kalman quite a while to get over that whole thing.
It took Mary a long time to break out of her shell.
It took Mary a long time to choose which dress to wear to the dance.
It took Mennad six hours to walk home.
It took Rei 20 days to get over her injury.
It took Rima four minutes to do her makeup.
It took Tom 10 years to finish his house.
It took Tom 7 hours to read a 220 pages book. It took Mary 9 hours to read a 280 pages book. Who is faster at reading books?
It took Tom a couple of days to reply.
It took Tom a few weeks to get used to working in his new office.
It took Tom a long time to break out of his shell.
It took Tom a long time to change the tire.
It took Tom a long time to choose a pair of shoes.
It took Tom a long time to decide what time his party should start.
It took Tom a long time to decide what to wear.
It took Tom a long time to decide where he wanted to go to college.
It took Tom a long time to decide where to park his car.
It took Tom a long time to decide who should do that.
It took Tom a long time to do that.
It took Tom a long time to find Mary's house.
It took Tom a long time to find Mary.
It took Tom a long time to find the light switch.
It took Tom a long time to finish his homework.
It took Tom a long time to finish that report.
It took Tom a long time to get over Mary's death.
It took Tom a long time to get over Mary.
It took Tom a long time to get over Mary’s death.
It took Tom a long time to notice Mary was staring at him.
It took Tom a long time to notice that Mary was staring at him.
It took Tom a lot longer to do that than it took me.
It took Tom a lot of time to find a parking space.
It took Tom a moment to realize what was happening.
It took Tom a while to understand the rules of temporal sequence in indirect speech.
It took Tom a while to understand what Mary meant.
It took Tom about three hours to do that.
It took Tom ages to untangle his fishing line.
It took Tom all afternoon to do that.
It took Tom almost three hours to finish his homework.
It took Tom almost three hours to get home.
It took Tom an hour to clean his room.
It took Tom an hour to get to school.
It took Tom an hour to load everything on the truck.
It took Tom days to track down the problem.
It took Tom every ounce of courage he had to admit he'd done that.
It took Tom every ounce of courage he had to admit that he'd done that.
It took Tom every ounce of courage he had to admit to Mary that he had once been part of a terrorist group.
It took Tom fifteen minutes of googling before he found what he was looking for.
It took Tom months to recover from his motorbike accident.
It took Tom more time than he expected.
It took Tom only three hours to get to Boston.
It took Tom only three minutes to solve the problem.
It took Tom over three hours to do that.
It took Tom over three years to learn French.
It took Tom several hours to assemble a bunk bed that the instructions said would take less than an hour to assemble.
It took Tom several hours to do that.
It took Tom several hours to finish his homework.
It took Tom some time to figure it out.
It took Tom some time to process it.
It took Tom ten years to build his house.
It took Tom thirty minutes to get there.
It took Tom three days to get to Australia.
It took Tom three hours to assemble a trampoline which the instructions said would take an hour.
It took Tom three hours to clean his room.
It took Tom three hours to clear that dungeon.
It took Tom three hours to do that.
It took Tom three hours to finish his homework.
It took Tom three hours to get ready.
It took Tom three hours to get to Boston.
It took Tom three hours to tune the piano.
It took Tom three months to learn how to do that.
It took Tom three months to recover.
It took Tom three tries to get it done.
It took Tom three weeks to sell all the necklaces that he'd made over the winter.
It took Tom three years to build his house.
It took Tom three years to write this novel.
It took Tom weeks to do that.
It took Tom years to work through all the issues caused by his growing up in a dysfunctional family.
It took Vladimir a while to recover.
It took William a long time to find Sandra's social media account among thousands of comments.
It took Yanni a lifetime to discover that.
It took Yanni a lifetime to understand Skura.
It took Yanni an hour to get to work.
It took Yuri a long time to get used to that.
It took Ziri a very long time to learn how to work with Rima.
It took Ziri a year and a half to get back on his feet.
It took Ziri and Rima a very long time to learn how to work together.
It took Ziri four hours to get through the border.
It took Ziri four months to translate the book from English into Berber.
It took Ziri four weeks to get back to normal life.
It took Ziri four years to convert to Islam.
It took Ziri half an hour to get to Tigzirt by bus.
It took Ziri months to learn Berber.
It took Ziri years to build his career.
It took Ziri years to get over Rima's death.
It took a coast-to-coast investigation to find the murderer.
It took a great deal of time to analyze the data.
It took a large sum to buy this watch.
It took a little bit longer than we initially thought.
It took a little cajoling but I finally got her to eat her broccoli.
It took a little longer than I expected.
It took a little over an hour to finish doing my homework.
It took a little prodding before Tom was able to obtain the answer.
It took a little prodding, but he agreed to do it.
It took a little while to load the page.
It took a load off my mind that I finally found you!
It took a load off my mind when our team won the championship.
It took a long time and a lot of money to build this factory.
It took a long time for Japanese imports to penetrate the American consumer markets.
It took a long time for Tom finish that report.
It took a long time for Tom to do that.
It took a long time for Tom to get over Mary's death.
It took a long time for her to write the report.
It took a long time for me to convince him that I was right.
It took a long time for me to do that.
It took a long time for me to get accustomed to the Venezuelan accent.
It took a long time for me to get used to the noise.
It took a long time for me to write this book.
It took a long time for me to write this report.
It took a long time for the child to find Lisa.
It took a long time for the children to find Lisa.
It took a long time to Adriano to understand everything about Islam.
It took a long time to accustom myself to the noise.
It took a long time to analyze the data.
It took a long time to break down her reserve and get her to relax.
It took a long time to bring him around to our point of view.
It took a long time to do that.
It took a long time to get here because I had to make several stops.
It took a long time to get here because I had to stop several times.
It took a long time to put out the fire.
It took a long time to take in what she was saying.
It took a long time, but in the end I was able to convince him.
It took a long time, didn't it?
It took a long, long time.
It took a lot longer than I expected.
It took a lot longer than I thought it would take.
It took a lot of convincing to get Tom to agree.
It took a lot of convincing.
It took a lot of courage to do that.
It took a lot of effort to carry the sofa upstairs.
It took a lot of energy to move the furniture.
It took a lot of time and money to build the machine.
It took a lot of time to get up to date in modern medicine.
It took a lot of time, blood, sweat and tears to clean it.
It took a lot of time.
It took a lot to persuade John to give you this chance. Please use it.
It took a matter of seconds for the remaining structure to fall after the demolition was triggered around 10:30 p.m. local time.
It took a moment for Tom to find his voice.
It took a moment for the words to sink in.
It took a month.
It took a national TV campaign to finally track Fadil down.
It took a national TV campaign to finally track Sami down.
It took a negative turn.
It took a week for Jane to get over her cold.
It took a while for Diego's coffee table to receive any kind of interest on Facebook Marketplace.
It took a while for Tom to answer.
It took a while for Tom to react.
It took a while for Tom to respond.
It took a while for things to get back to normal.
It took a while till I got here.
It took a while to build this garage.
It took a while to get here.
It took a while to get out.
It took a while to make headway in modern medicine.
It took a while to sort things out.
It took a while until I got what she was trying to say.
It took a whole day to paint the picture.
It took a whole month to break in those new shoes.
It took a year and a half to paint that picture.
It took about 15 minutes.
It took about a month to redo everything.
It took about an hour to make dinner, but most of the time was just prep work.
It took about five minutes to get to my uncle's house from the station.
It took about half a day to get that done.
It took about thirty minutes.
It took all day.
It took all evening.
It took all night to climb Mt Fuji.
It took all weekend for us to paint the garage.
It took all weekend.
It took almost a year for the pain to go away.
It took almost thirteen hours, but the team of surgeons was able to save Tom's life.
It took almost three years to build my house.
It took almost two weeks for John to recover from his illness.
It took an hour and a half to control the blaze.
It took an hour to paint the doghouse.
It took an hour to ride across town with the traffic.
It took an hour.
It took close to three years to build my house.
It took courage to do what Tom did.
It took courage to sail across the Pacific single-handed.
It took days for us to do that.
It took decades for that to happen.
It took everyone by surprise.
It took everything Ziri had not to scream.
It took exactly an hour.
It took far less time to house-train my Alsatian than my other dog.
It took five hours to drive there.
It took five minutes to get to the station.
It took five minutes to make it to the high school.
It took five years to restore this historic building.
It took forever to do it.
It took forever to do that.
It took forever to put together.
It took forever.
It took four hours to get the truck out of the mud.
It took four months to write a new Constitution.
It took four pills to finally get me to sleep.
It took four weeks.
It took four years to Ziri to build a working prototype of his new environmentally friendly car.
It took generations to iron out all the problems of human pregnancy and child rearing outside of Terra.
It took guts to do what Tom did.
It took half an hour.
It took her a long time to choose a hat.
It took her a while to realize the situation.
It took her ages to get over her husband suddenly walking out on her and the children.
It took her all afternoon to finish the work.
It took her eight frustrating hours to seduce the bookkeeper.
It took her four months to recover from her sickness.
It took her more than three months to read through the magazine.
It took her six years to get up the courage to tell him that she didn't like him anymore.
It took her six years to get up the courage to tell him that she didn’t like him anymore.
It took her two hours to get ready.
It took him a few seconds to recover.
It took him a lifetime to learn English.
It took him a long time to become Muslim.
It took him a long time to get over his ex-girlfriend.
It took him a long time to take in what she was saying.
It took him a moment to realize where he was after he came to.
It took him a week to finish the work.
It took him a while to realize the situation.
It took him almost four months to get back to work.
It took him five years to write this novel.
It took him four attempts over several years, but in nineteen eighty-five, he became the two hundred and seventieth person to swim across the Channel.
It took him four days to name the horse.
It took him four months to memorize the Quran.
It took him four seconds to do that.
It took him four years to memorize the Quran.
It took him his entire life to complete his chef d'oeuvre.
It took him his entire life to complete his masterpiece.
It took him nine hours a day for seven years to complete the model.
It took him only a few minutes to realize his mistakes.
It took him several weeks to recover from the shock.
It took him ten days.
It took him ten minutes to solve the problem.
It took him three months to learn to ride a bicycle.
It took him three tries.
It took him three years to write the novel.
It took him two hours to finish his homework.
It took hundreds of years for civilization to spread through the Solar System.
It took hundreds of years for the British Supreme Court to realise that women, were in fact women.
It took immense courage to share my story.
It took just a little over an hour to do that.
It took just a little over an hour.
It took just an hour.
It took just over three hours to finish that job.
It took just over three hours to get here.
It took just three hours.
It took less than an hour.
It took less than five minutes for me to write that letter.
It took less than five minutes.
It took little more than an hour.
It took long but I've got used to it by now.
It took longer than I expected it to take.
It took longer than I expected it to.
It took longer than I expected.
It took longer than I thought it would.
It took longer than we expected.
It took longer to get here than I expected.
It took many torpedo hits to send the battleship Bismarck to Davy Jones's locker.
It took many torpedo hits to send the battleship Bismarck to Davy Jones’s locker.
It took many years to build it.
It took me 2 hours to finish the essay.
It took me a couple of hours to solve this problem.
It took me a little longer than it usually does to fall asleep.
It took me a little longer than it usually does to get here today.
It took me a little longer than usual to fall asleep.
It took me a little longer than usual to get here today.
It took me a little more time than usual to fall asleep.
It took me a little more time than usual to get here today.
It took me a little more time than usually to fall asleep.
It took me a long time to be able to forgive my husband for his infidelity.
It took me a long time to convince Tom to do that.
It took me a long time to do my homework last night.
It took me a long time to do that.
It took me a long time to fall asleep last night.
It took me a long time to fall asleep.
It took me a long time to figure out what the problem was.
It took me a long time to figure that out.
It took me a long time to find a job I like.
It took me a long time to find a pair of shoes that fit.
It took me a long time to find a place to park.
It took me a long time to find what I was looking for.
It took me a long time to get over it.
It took me a long time to get over my cold.
It took me a long time to get over my last relationship.
It took me a long time to get ready.
It took me a long time to get used to doing it this way.
It took me a long time to get used to doing this.
It took me a long time to get used to his rude manners.
It took me a long time to get used to the noise.
It took me a long time to learn how to do this.
It took me a long time to learn to write novels.
It took me a long time to pack my suitcase.
It took me a long time to pack my suitcases.
It took me a long time to pick out a new pair of glasses.
It took me a long time to reach this decision.
It took me a long time to realize I was doing it the wrong way.
It took me a long time to realize I was doing it wrong.
It took me a long time to realize I was doing that the wrong way.
It took me a long time to realize I wasn't doing that the right way.
It took me a long time to realize that I was doing it the wrong way.
It took me a long time to realize that I was doing that incorrectly.
It took me a long time to realize that I was doing that the wrong way.
It took me a long time to realize that I wasn't doing that correctly.
It took me a long time to realize that I wasn't doing that the right way.
It took me a long time to recover from pneumonia.
It took me a long time to rid myself of all those ants.
It took me a long time to understand how this works.
It took me a long time to wake up.
It took me a long time to write this book.
It took me a long time to write to you, sorry!
It took me a lot less time to housebreak my German shepherd than it took to housebreak my other dog.
It took me a lot longer to do that than I expected.
It took me a lot longer to do that than I thought it would.
It took me a lot longer to do that than it took Tom.
It took me a month to get over my cold.
It took me a more time than usual to fall asleep.
It took me a week to get over my cold.
It took me a while to find Tom.
It took me a while to find a pair of shoes that fit.
It took me a while to find her.
It took me a while to find him.
It took me a while to find them.
It took me a while to find what I was looking for.
It took me a while to find you.
It took me a while to gain their trust.
It took me a while to get here.
It took me a while to get up.
It took me a while to latch on to what he was talking about.
It took me a while to meet up with my friends.
It took me a while to take all in.
It took me a while to understand what she was trying to say.
It took me a whole year to recover my health.
It took me a year and a half to paint that picture.
It took me a year to finish the book.
It took me about a week.
It took me about an hour to read this book through.
It took me about three days to read that book.
It took me about three hours to read this book.
It took me about two and a half hours to dig a hole one meter in diameter and two meters in depth.
It took me ages to do that.
It took me ages to get through that book she lent me.
It took me ages to pack up my stuff.
It took me ages to pack up my suitcases.
It took me ages to work out where he came from.
It took me almost three hours to do that.
It took me almost three hours to finish my math homework.
It took me an hour and a half to get there by car.
It took me an hour to get here.
It took me an hour to learn the poem by heart.
It took me an hour to memorise the poem.
It took me an hour to memorize the poem.
It took me at least half an hour to get the message across to him in English.
It took me by surprise to hear that Carl was moving to Germany.
It took me by surprise.
It took me completely by surprise and baffled me.
It took me eight days to find a name.
It took me five hours to drive from here to Tokyo.
It took me five hours to drive there.
It took me five hours to finish the work.
It took me five hours to make this kennel.
It took me five hours to read this book.
It took me five hours to read through this book.
It took me five minutes to solve the problem.
It took me forever to do my hair.
It took me forever to get the joke.
It took me forty years to reach fluency in Berber.
It took me four hours to land that swordfish.
It took me half an hour to work out this problem.
It took me hours to do that.
It took me hours to find this.
It took me longer to clean my room than it usually does.
It took me longer to get here than I expected.
It took me many hours to write that.
It took me months to do that.
It took me more than a month to get over my cold.
It took me more than a week to get over my cold.
It took me more than a week to put the model ship together.
It took me more than one month to get over my cold.
It took me more than three hours to do my homework last night.
It took me more than three hours to do that.
It took me more than three hours to translate that report into French.
It took me more than three hours to translate this into French.
It took me more than two hours to translate a few pages of English.
It took me more time than usual to fall asleep last night.
It took me more time than usual to get here today.
It took me nearly two hours to write the essay.
It took me only thirty minutes to do that.
It took me only three days to do that.
It took me only three hours to do that.
It took me over an hour.
It took me quite a while to do that.
It took me quite a while to get used to the change.
It took me several days to balance the company books.
It took me several hours to assemble it.
It took me several hours to clean it.
It took me several hours to cook it.
It took me several hours to correct it.
It took me several hours to decipher it.
It took me several hours to do that.
It took me several hours to draw it.
It took me several hours to draw this picture.
It took me several hours to find it.
It took me several hours to finish it.
It took me several hours to fold all the clothes.
It took me several hours to iron all your shirts.
It took me several hours to mend it.
It took me several hours to open it.
It took me several hours to paint that room.
It took me several hours to prepare it.
It took me several hours to prepare.
It took me several hours to program it.
It took me several hours to put it together.
It took me several hours to read it.
It took me several hours to repair it.
It took me several hours to reprogram it.
It took me several hours to sew it.
It took me several hours to translate it.
It took me several hours to wash it.
It took me several hours to write it.
It took me so long to get here by bicycle.
It took me some time to calm down.
It took me some time to find what I was looking for.
It took me some time to learn how to drive a car.
It took me some time to learn the Berber alphabet.
It took me some time to persuade Tom to do that.
It took me some time to persuade Tom.
It took me some time to persuade her.
It took me ten days to get over my cold.
It took me ten minutes to walk to the metro station.
It took me ten minutes to walk to the station.
It took me the better part of a month to finish Joseph and His Brothers by Thomas Mann.
It took me thirty minutes to do that.
It took me thirty minutes to get the fire started.
It took me thirty minutes to reach the station.
It took me thirty years to get famous within a single day.
It took me three days to clean the room.
It took me three days to do that.
It took me three days to finish reading this book.
It took me three days to finish this book.
It took me three days to read that book.
It took me three days to read this book.
It took me three days to read through this book.
It took me three hours of scrubbing to clean the skillet.
It took me three hours to clean my house.
It took me three hours to do my homework.
It took me three hours to do that.
It took me three hours to drive from Boston to here.
It took me three hours to drive here from Boston.
It took me three hours to drive to Boston.
It took me three hours to finish doing that.
It took me three hours to finish it.
It took me three hours to finish my homework.
It took me three hours to finish the essay.
It took me three hours to finish the homework.
It took me three hours to finish.
It took me three hours to get from here to Boston.
It took me three hours to get here from Boston.
It took me three hours to get here.
It took me three hours to get out of the traffic jam.
It took me three hours to get to Boston.
It took me three hours to make this whistle.
It took me three hours to reach Boston.
It took me three hours to read this book.
It took me three hours to write the letter.
It took me three months to lose three kilos.
It took me three months to read all those books.
It took me three to four months to learn Berber.
It took me three trips to the supermarket to buy everything we needed for tonight's party.
It took me three weeks to get over the flu.
It took me three years to build my house.
It took me three years to finish building my house.
It took me three years to learn Berber.
It took me three years to learn how to do this.
It took me three years to write this book.
It took me three years to write this novel.
It took me three years.
It took me twelve hours by train.
It took me two hours to get to Yokohama.
It took me two hours to memorize this sentence.
It took me two hours to reach Yokohama.
It took me two years to learn Berber.
It took me years to perfect my résumé.
It took months.
It took more than a month to get over my cold, but I'm OK now.
It took more than a month to get over my cold, but I’m OK now.
It took more than three billion years for life on Earth to evolve.
It took my 18-year-old twin sons and me an entire day to get home from England.
It took my eyes a long time to adjust to the dark.
It took my eyes a moment to adjust to the darkness.
It took my eyes too long to adjust to the light.
It took nearly three months to build our barn.
It took nearly three years to build my house.
It took nearly three years to build that bridge.
It took one hour roughly.
It took one week to locate their hiding place.
It took only a 1000 yen to convince him.
It took only about five minutes to get to my uncle's house from the station by car.
It took only about five minutes to get to my uncle’s house from the station by car.
It took only one day for us to do that.
It took only ten minutes to walk there.
It took only three seconds.
It took over a hundred thousand years for anatomically modern humans to develop behavioral modernity.
It took over five years, but I don't hold a grudge anymore.
It took place around midday.
It took place in the past.
It took quite a while to sort out all our luggage.
It took root in our life.
It took root within me.
It took root within themselves.
It took seventeen years to build this huge dam.
It took several hours to clear the mess left from the wreck of the truck and several cars.
It took several months for my hair to grow back after I shaved my head.
It took several months to make that movie.
It took several months to shoot that film.
It took several takes.
It took several years to build it.
It took several years, but they finally had children.
It took six hours to climb to the top.
It took slightly more than five minutes for Tom to read the pamphlet.
It took so long to get delivered, I thought I might've been scammed.
It took so long.
It took some 150 years of struggling for women to gain the freedom they have today.
It took some convincing to get Tom to come to the party.
It took some effort for Tom to finish the job.
It took some effort for Tom to finish the task.
It took some effort.
It took some muscle to get the door open again.
It took some time before he realized his mistake.
It took some time for Tom to feel safe.
It took some time for Ziri's eyes to adjust to the darkness.
It took some time for him to realise that he had lost his way.
It took some time to convince her to convert to Islam.
It took ten years to build the amusement park.
It took the Virginia Company some time to recognize that its initial model of colonization did not work in Virginia.
It took the Virginia Company twelve years to learn that what had worked for the Spanish in Mexico and in Central and South America would not work in the north.
It took the bait!
It took the best part of my holiday to finish it.
It took the cops only a couple minutes to arrive.
It took the divers about eight hours to get into the cave, reach the boys, and bring them back out.
It took the doctor eight hours to do the operation.
It took the fireman almost two hours to put out the fire.
It took the jury less than three hours to reach a verdict.
It took the police a lot of time to get to the island.
It took the surgeon eight hours to perform the surgery.
It took the whole day for Ziri to make that dish.
It took the world by storm.
It took them a month to move to their new office.
It took them a while.
It took them several hours to make their way down the ravine.
It took them some time to get used to each other.
It took them some time to get used to one another.
It took them three hours before they could catch the bus.
It took them two years to build the house.
It took thirty days to build this house.
It took three days for the police to identify Tom's body.
It took three days for the smell to go away.
It took three days to paint the whole house.
It took three days to tow our ship to shore.
It took three hours for Tom to do that.
It took three hours for me to do that.
It took three hours for me to get here today.
It took three hours for us to paint the fence.
It took three hours to do that.
It took three hours to put the broken toy together.
It took three hours to put the fire out.
It took three months for the world to reach the first 100,000 cases of COVID-19, but only 12 days to reach the next 100,000.
It took three months to shoot the movie.
It took three weeks for me to get over my cold.
It took three weeks to demolish the old house.
It took three years to build this bridge.
It took three years.
It took time to cross the long bridge.
It took time, but it was worth it.
It took time.
It took too long.
It took two months, three weeks and four days.
It took two tries to launch the second Gemini.
It took two weeks.
It took two years to make.
It took us a long time to agree on where to pitch the tent.
It took us a long time to decide what to do.
It took us a long time to decide what we really wanted to do.
It took us a long time to decide what we really wanted.
It took us a long time to decide where to eat.
It took us a long time to decide where to go.
It took us a long time to decide which one to buy.
It took us a long time to do that.
It took us a long time to figure out how to do that.
It took us a long time to figure out what Tom was trying to do.
It took us a long time to figure out where Tom had gone.
It took us a long time to find Tom.
It took us a long time to get here.
It took us a long time to get to Australia.
It took us a long time to get to Boston.
It took us a long time to make this decision.
It took us a long time, but finally we were able to find her.
It took us a long time, but finally we were able to find him.
It took us a long time, but finally we were able to find it.
It took us a week to locate their hideaway.
It took us a while to finish doing that.
It took us a while, but we finally finished the job.
It took us a while.
It took us ages waiting for you.
It took us all day to clean the basement.
It took us all morning to do that.
It took us almost half an hour to find an empty parking space.
It took us almost three hours to fix.
It took us an hour and ten minutes to get to his place.
It took us by surprise.
It took us days to track down the problem.
It took us five days to drive there.
It took us four hours to land that sailfish.
It took us four years to build this mosque.
It took us half an hour to set up the tent.
It took us hours to do that.
It took us less than three hours to get to Boston.
It took us less than three hours to paint the fence.
It took us longer to do that than we expected.
It took us longer to get here than we expected.
It took us more than a month to build this doghouse.
It took us more than three hours to get to Boston.
It took us over three hours to get to Boston.
It took us six years to conquer Constantinople.
It took us thirteen hours to get to Australia.
It took us three days to walk through the forest.
It took us three days to write a script for our movie.
It took us three hours to come to a conclusion.
It took us three hours to come to this conclusion.
It took us three hours to do that.
It took us three hours to get there by bus.
It took us three hours to get to Boston.
It took us three weeks to build this shed.
It took us three years to build this house.
It took us two hours to Athens.
It took us two hours to get to Athens.
It took us two hours to get to Tokyo by train.
It took us two hours to get to Tokyo.
It took us years to complete that project.
It took years for me to do this.
It took years of saving, but their seagoing vacation come true at last.
It took years of training.
It took years to answer that question.
It took you a long time to do that, didn't it?
It took you a long time to figure that out, didn't it?
It took you a while to pick up speed, but now you're really hitting your stride.
It took you long enough to get here.
It took you long enough.
It took you quite a while to do that, didn't it?
It totally worked!
It touched my heart.
It touches me.
It transmits movement by belts and pulleys.
It transpired that fire was caused by a careless smoker.
It transpired that the fire was caused by a careless smoker.
It traveled and listened.
It truly was such a simple saying.
It turned green.
It turned out Tom and I were right.
It turned out Tom had been secretly doing that.
It turned out Tom was on drugs.
It turned out Tom was the one responsible for doing that.
It turned out Tom was the one who did that.
It turned out Tom wasn't alone.
It turned out Ziri was a really nice guy.
It turned out all for the best.
It turned out all right.
It turned out all the students heard about what happened to Ziri back in the village.
It turned out better than I thought.
It turned out dead easy.
It turned out everybody in the party was a vampire.
It turned out fine.
It turned out great!
It turned out great.
It turned out his name was Ziri.
It turned out horribly.
It turned out just right.
It turned out later to be entirely fabricated.
It turned out my father was in the fields when I arrived home.
It turned out no one knew where Yanni was.
It turned out not to be so easy to live with him.
It turned out she knows a lot about me.
It turned out she was not at home when Idir came by.
It turned out that Dan was Linda's cousin.
It turned out that Donald had a psychological disorder.
It turned out that I was right.
It turned out that John had laryngitis.
It turned out that Leonid was busy.
It turned out that Mary was the brains behind the entire operation.
It turned out that Mennad was a freshman but it didn't bother Baya.
It turned out that Oleg lived in that house.
It turned out that Sami had been having affairs with numerous women.
It turned out that Santiago was less than five blocks from the place where he was supposed to be.
It turned out that Tom and I were right.
It turned out that Tom had been secretly doing that.
It turned out that Tom was on drugs.
It turned out that Tom was the one responsible for doing that.
It turned out that Tom was the one who did that.
It turned out that Tom wasn't alone.
It turned out that Ziri is as stupid as Rima.
It turned out that Ziri was Rima's brother.
It turned out that Ziri was a marine biologist.
It turned out that Ziri was really good at singing.
It turned out that Ziri was still alive.
It turned out that Ziri was suffering from a fatal disease.
It turned out that Ziri was wrong.
It turned out that Ziri's business wasn't doing very well.
It turned out that Ziri's plan was perfect.
It turned out that both variables were caused by an unknown, third one.
It turned out that everything was just a dream.
It turned out that he had long been dead.
It turned out that he was her father.
It turned out that his story was true.
It turned out that it wasn't that hard.
It turned out that my apprehensions were justified.
It turned out that my memory was largely correct.
It turned out that she was ill.
It turned out that some Russian athletes have used a new stimulant called "meldonium".
It turned out that that secretary was a spy.
It turned out that the cards were stacked against her from the beginning of the game.
It turned out that the climbing wall was amazing.
It turned out that the man who rescued Ziri was a professional climber.
It turned out that the man whom we spotted in the distance was Tom.
It turned out that the rumor was false.
It turned out that the smallest container of saffron was also the worst deal. I'm just penny-wise and pound foolish.
It turned out that their office had a lot of women.
It turned out that we received a million dollars.
It turned out that we were on the same train.
It turned out there was nobody who would be the first to talk about it. What do we do now?
It turned out they were at school when their father came.
It turned out to be Antonio.
It turned out to be a lovely day.
It turned out to be a trap.
It turned out to be cool in Algiers.
It turned out to be the truth.
It turned out to be true.
It turned out to be very difficult to make realistic photos like those.
It turned out true.
It turned out well.
It turned out, Michael hated Linda in the first place.
It turned out, Ziri was lying to me and everyone else.
It turned out, we were not kin after all.
It turned that Layla was on drugs.
It turns out Elon Musk is just another rich idiot.
It turns out I hurt them without knowing.
It turns out Tom and Mary weren't lying.
It turns out Tom is alive.
It turns out Tom is still alive.
It turns out Tom was right.
It turns out Tom wasn't lying.
It turns out Ziri isn't gay.
It turns out it was a mistake.
It turns out it's not like I thought.
It turns out that Carlos is Rima’s brother.
It turns out that I had a brother, but he died before I was born.
It turns out that I have a brother.
It turns out that Janos doesn't speak any Berber.
It turns out that Tom has a twin brother.
It turns out that Tom is younger than he told me he was.
It turns out that Tom never graduated from college.
It turns out that Yanni's elder sister is really his mother and that his parents are really his grandparents.
It turns out that Ziri and Rima aren't the only siblings we have here.
It turns out that Ziri and Rima have been working together from the beginning to take revenge on Walid.
It turns out that everyone’s hair is different and that there’s no exact temperature where hair straightening becomes hair damage.
It turns out that he often eats at his father's restaurant.
It turns out that he often eats at his father’s restaurant.
It turns out that house is infested with garter snakes. They're everywhere.
It turns out that that house is infested with garter snakes. They're everywhere.
It turns out that that house is infested with garter snakes. They’re everywhere.
It turns out that the child has disappeared.
It turns out that the pains that Tom had been experiencing were due to gall stones.
It turns out that the rumor was false.
It turns out that there was a mistake in the press release.
It turns out that they went to the cinema the day before yesterday.
It turns out that this person is a right-wing provocateur.
It turns out that this person was a right-wing provocateur.
It turns out that we became hopeful in vain.
It turns out that we didn't need to do that anyway.
It turns out that we were in the same train.
It turns out that you and I come from the same country.
It turns out that you are unexpectedly eloquent.
It turns out that you knew everything but kept quiet.
It turns out that you were wrong.
It turns out the story of Mohammed does play a role in the novel.
It turns out voters don't care about that.
It turns out we didn't need to do that anyway.
It turns out you were right about that.
It turns out you were the one who locked the door.
It unblocks!
It upset Tom.
It upset me.
It upsets me to have to listen to the same thing over and over (and over) again.
It used to be Mum who had the answer to every question; now it's the interweb.
It used to be a lot harder to do this.
It used to be a steel town.
It used to be better.
It used to be bigger.
It used to be black.
It used to be considered fashionable for women to have pale skin.
It used to be like that.
It used to be nearly impossible to do this.
It used to be nearly impossible.
It used to be nothing but herdsmen here – there just wasn't anything else. Nowadays, a lot of people leave to go and work in industry. They don't want to be farmers and herders any more.
It used to be peaceful here.
It used to be said of the city of Norwich that it had a church for every week of the year and a pub for every day. Nowadays, however, many of the remaining churches have other uses, and the city is host to far fewer watering holes.
It used to be said that Taznaxt is known for two things: it is known for Tagdift carpets and Muhammad son of Yahya of Taznaxt.
It used to be so easy to do this.
It used to be such fun.
It used to be taboo for women to smoke.
It used to be that a girl could only marry if she had a dowry.
It used to be that intellectuals could debate in the streets.
It used to be that people thought it was necessary to eat three square meals a day.
It used to be that texts had to be 140 characters or less because of the limitations of the short messaging service.
It used to be that you wouldn't think of a preschooler on a computer, but now you're seeing 3-year-olds on computers.
It used to be thought that the Earth was flat.
It used to be thought that the earth was flat.
It used to be worse.
It used to happen all the time.
It uses a foul language.
It uses solar power.
It usually doesn't work.
It usually happens very quickly.
It usually has just the opposite effect.
It usually takes a while to sell a house.
It usually takes me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
It varies a great deal.
It varies across cultures.
It varies with the weather.
It verges on scorn.
It very likely is going to be dangerous.
It waited, silently.
It wanted to crawl behind her and devour her in the darkness.
It wants five minutes to nine.
It wants looking into.
It warms my heart whenever I see Tom do that.
It warms my heart.
It warms your heart to, when listening to a song in a (seemingly!) foreign language like Slovak, Macedonian, Slovenian, hear words you have known since your childhood and even understand whole phrases.
It warms your heart when, while listening to a song in a (seemingly!) foreign language â€” Slovak, Macedonian, or Slovenian â€” you hear words that you have known since your childhood and even understand whole phrases.
It warms your heart when, while listening to a song in a (seemingly!) foreign language — Slovak, Macedonian, or Slovenian — you hear words that you have known since your childhood and even understand whole phrases.
It was 15 January 2019.
It was 15 minutes too long.
It was 2 p.m. on the afternoon of May 7, 1915.
It was 2.30 fifteen minutes ago.
It was 23 dollars.
It was 2:30 fifteen minutes ago.
It was 3 on 1, but they were mentally challenged people, against one person of extraordinary genius.
It was 30% off during the sale.
It was 36 degrees in Boston today.
It was 5.30 a.m. Outside, it was still dark. Tom sat yawning on his bed. He would much rather lie down again.
It was Alice who went to the concert yesterday.
It was Alister who killed Barbara.
It was Angela who put William on to Steven.
It was April 1905 when a school was built on the site of the theatre.
It was April 4th, 2004.
It was Barbara who Elister killed.
It was Berber class.
It was Bob!
It was Boldi who helped Martha buy her house.
It was Boris's turn to be the hider.
It was Christmas.
It was Christmastime and everything ends right during this happy season, so putting the soiled apron into the box from which she took the kitten and putting the kitten into the wash basin intended for the apron was only a slight mixup, from which mischievous Esther would soon clear herself.
It was Christminster, unquestionably; either directly seen, or miraged in the peculiar atmosphere.
It was Darwin who wrote "On the Origin of Species".
It was Detective Sami Bakir that served Farid with the restraining order.
It was Dmitri's first night staying there.
It was Dmitri's fourth summer in Algeria.
It was Earth Day of 2025, yesterday—"Terotago" in Esperanto. I visited the row of pink cherry blossom trees—sakura—along St. Alban's Road. What an otherworldly experience! I returned there this morning of the 23rd of April of 2025, before my sausage English muffin and Classic Lemonade at Tim Hortons café, here on Lulu Island. (I graduated from university at age 23!)
It was Earth Day yesterday.
It was Emily's first time visiting Kastamonu.
It was Fadil who did all of those acts.
It was Fadil's food that was killing the people around him.
It was Franklin Delano Roosevelt who stirred the pot again in 1939, by moving Thanksgiving to the third Thursday in November. Up until then, Americans had marked the holiday on the last Thursday in November, a date first specified by Lincoln. The new date was Roosevelt's bid to lengthen the Christmas shopping season and boost the nation’s economic recovery after the Great Depression.
It was French. I could tell by his accent.
It was Friday morning and it was honestly pretty dead.
It was Friday the day before yesterday.
It was Friday yesterday.
It was Friday, 15 March when the doorbell suddenly rang and two men stood outside Mary's front door.
It was Gabriel's turn to do the dishes.
It was George that I met in the street this morning.
It was God's will.
It was Halloween and Yanni and his friends dressed as the Scooby-Doo gang.
It was Holmes who saw them first, and he stood pointing with a look of triumph upon his face.
It was I that came here first.
It was I that phoned him yesterday.
It was I who baptized you, Tom.
It was I who first introduced the two.
It was I who found her. She'd lost consciousness, so I carried her to the infirmary.
It was I who found her. She’d lost consciousness so I carried her to the infirmary.
It was I who met Masako here yesterday.
It was I who met him.
It was I who spoke with the Polish ambassador.
It was Idir who reconciled us when we argued.
It was Idir who separated us when we argued.
It was Jack that I met yesterday.
It was Jack that broke the window yesterday.
It was Jane who came first.
It was Janet that won first prize.
It was John who helped make her dream come true.
It was Jonas's turn to go.
It was July. The heat was intense.
It was Lao Zhang that told me this story.
It was Leonid’s turn to be checked.
It was Lorenzo's turn to hide.
It was Marie Curie who discovered radioactivity.
It was Marie Curie who discovered radium.
It was Mary that bought this skirt yesterday.
It was Mary who informed me about Tom's setback.
It was Mary's greatest wish to look just like her Barbie doll. The evil genie interpreted this wish too literally.
It was Mary's turn to be shocked.
It was Mendel's good fortune that the arrival of the pea weevil postdated the completion of the pea part of his research.
It was Mike that bought this racket yesterday.
It was Mike that called the police.
It was Mike that telephoned the police.
It was Mr Hino who translated the book from Spanish into Japanese.
It was Mr Smith that told me how to use that machine.
It was Mr White that gave Joe this ticket.
It was Mr. Smith that taught me how to use that machine.
It was Mr. White that gave Joe this ticket.
It was Nancy where Max was supposed to meet Patricia.
It was Nicholas II's job to stop the pogroms, and he had the ability to do so.
It was November, 1904, when Mr. Fleming filed his patent application for a device he called an "oscillation valve."
It was November.
It was OK.
It was Oleg who died.
It was Paul that broke the vase.
It was Pope Gelasius I who had the idea of ​​establishing Valentine's Day, the feast of lovers (every February 14).
It was Russia that started the war in Ukraine.
It was Sam who stole the diamond.
It was Sami's blood.
It was Satan!
It was Saturday night.
It was Schalken's second title this year and ninth of his career. He was the surprise runner-up at the Australian Open and has had a solid season, making it to the semifinals at Tennis Masters Series events at Montreal and Cincinnati.
It was Sir Anthony's eightieth birthday concert and everybody wanted a ticket.
It was Sir Anthony’s eightieth birthday concert and everybody wanted a ticket.
It was Socrates who laid the foundation of logic.
It was Stefan's turn to enter.
It was Sunday and I wasn't about to get up early.
It was Sunday yesterday.
It was Sunday, and shops were closed.
It was Tom all along.
It was Tom first and me second.
It was Tom that I was supposed to talk to.
It was Tom that asked the question.
It was Tom that broke the window yesterday.
It was Tom that broke the window.
It was Tom that did that yesterday.
It was Tom that did that.
It was Tom that saved the girl.
It was Tom that taught me how to do this.
It was Tom that told me this story.
It was Tom that told me you were sick.
It was Tom who asked Mary to come here.
It was Tom who asked Mary to do that.
It was Tom who asked me to do that.
It was Tom who asked the question.
It was Tom who ate all the strawberries.
It was Tom who bought this for you.
It was Tom who broke the vase.
It was Tom who broke the window.
It was Tom who came first.
It was Tom who came to help us.
It was Tom who came to see me.
It was Tom who came up with that.
It was Tom who came up with this idea.
It was Tom who caused this mess.
It was Tom who confused Mary.
It was Tom who did all this.
It was Tom who did it.
It was Tom who did that yesterday.
It was Tom who did that, not Mary.
It was Tom who did that, not me.
It was Tom who did that.
It was Tom who did this to me.
It was Tom who did this.
It was Tom who died.
It was Tom who discovered the crime scene.
It was Tom who drove us home last night.
It was Tom who first recognized Mary.
It was Tom who first suggested that this might be the cause.
It was Tom who first suggested that this might be the problem.
It was Tom who first suggested that we hire Mary.
It was Tom who found your keys.
It was Tom who gave me that.
It was Tom who gave me the painting hung on the chimney.
It was Tom who gave me this apple.
It was Tom who gave me this painting.
It was Tom who gave me this.
It was Tom who gave that to Mary.
It was Tom who gave this to me.
It was Tom who helped Mary with her homework.
It was Tom who helped me the most.
It was Tom who helped me.
It was Tom who helped us find Mary.
It was Tom who hit me.
It was Tom who instigated me to do it.
It was Tom who killed Mary.
It was Tom who kissed Mary yesterday.
It was Tom who kissed Mary, not me.
It was Tom who kissed Mary.
It was Tom who led him astray.
It was Tom who left early.
It was Tom who left it there.
It was Tom who let me in.
It was Tom who made Mary do that.
It was Tom who made Mary eat a frog.
It was Tom who made me do that.
It was Tom who made the call.
It was Tom who mowed the lawn.
It was Tom who painted the fence.
It was Tom who pushed Mary down the stairs.
It was Tom who pushed him down the stairs.
It was Tom who put Mary through this misery.
It was Tom who put his socks on the radiator to dry.
It was Tom who saved me.
It was Tom who saved the girl who was drowning.
It was Tom who screamed.
It was Tom who sent me here.
It was Tom who shot Mary.
It was Tom who showed me how to do this.
It was Tom who stabbed Mary.
It was Tom who started the fight.
It was Tom who stole Mary's bike.
It was Tom who stole Mary's necklace.
It was Tom who stole your bicycle.
It was Tom who suggested this course of action.
It was Tom who taught me how to do this.
It was Tom who taught me how to play the guitar.
It was Tom who told Mary not to do that.
It was Tom who told Mary she didn't have to do that.
It was Tom who told Mary she didn't need to do that.
It was Tom who told Mary she had to do that.
It was Tom who told Mary she needed to do that.
It was Tom who told Mary to do that.
It was Tom who told Mary.
It was Tom who told me I didn't have to do that.
It was Tom who told me I didn't need to do that.
It was Tom who told me I had to do that.
It was Tom who told me I needed to do that.
It was Tom who told me not to do that.
It was Tom who told me that.
It was Tom who told me the whole truth.
It was Tom who told me to do that.
It was Tom who told me what had happened.
It was Tom who told me what happened.
It was Tom who told me where you were.
It was Tom who told me you were sick.
It was Tom who told me.
It was Tom who took out the garbage.
It was Tom who translated this.
It was Tom who wanted to do that here.
It was Tom who wanted to have the party here.
It was Tom who warned Mary not to do that.
It was Tom who warned me not to do that.
It was Tom who was injured.
It was Tom who was swimming with me yesterday.
It was Tom who washed the dishes.
It was Tom who washed your car.
It was Tom who waxed the car.
It was Tom who woke me up.
It was Tom's and my idea.
It was Tom's and my plan.
It was Tom's and my turn.
It was Tom's car, not mine, that broke down the day before yesterday.
It was Tom's choice, not mine.
It was Tom's choice.
It was Tom's decision to stay.
It was Tom's decision, not mine.
It was Tom's decision.
It was Tom's doing.
It was Tom's dream to teach music.
It was Tom's dying wish to be buried next to his parents.
It was Tom's father's decision.
It was Tom's fault that Mary got hurt.
It was Tom's fault that we were late.
It was Tom's fault, not yours.
It was Tom's fault, you know.
It was Tom's fault.
It was Tom's favorite, you know.
It was Tom's first time living alone.
It was Tom's first time living away from home.
It was Tom's first time living overseas.
It was Tom's first time to see the Golden Gate Bridge.
It was Tom's idea that we go to Australia.
It was Tom's idea to come here.
It was Tom's idea to do that.
It was Tom's idea to do this.
It was Tom's idea to have a surprise birthday party for Mary.
It was Tom's idea to rob the bank.
It was Tom's idea to sell our car.
It was Tom's idea to sell our house.
It was Tom's idea to try it this way.
It was Tom's idea, not mine. Don't blame me.
It was Tom's idea.
It was Tom's job to clean up after the party.
It was Tom's job to find out.
It was Tom's job to see to that.
It was Tom's job to take care of Mary.
It was Tom's own fault.
It was Tom's personal failure.
It was Tom's personal fault.
It was Tom's proudest moment.
It was Tom's soup, not yours. You shouldn't have eaten it.
It was Tom's suggestion that we leave early.
It was Tom's third arrest in three years.
It was Tom's turn to be shocked.
It was Tom's turn to cook, but he'd forgotten to buy the ingredients for the dish he wanted to prepare.
It was Tom's turn.
It was Tom's wish.
It was Tom's, wasn't it?
It was Tom's.
It was Tom, wasn't it?
It was Tom.
It was Tom’s first time to see the Golden Gate Bridge.
It was US arrogance that helped to bring us to where we are today.
It was Valentine's Day on the 14th of February of 2022, on Lulu Island. In the morning, I had pizza slices at the pizzeria, where Rose the Filipina was the regular vendor. In the afternoon, I drank black iced tea at the cafe, where I talked to my Anglo-Saxon neighbours Barb and Ken about travelling around this world, Mayan and Aztec pyramids in Mexico, the creole languages in the Caribbean, the otherworldly buildings in the Greek Islands, our common knowledge of prestigious French, and our experiences of the Pandemic, and then talked to Hans the Netherlander about the months-long adjustment phase of the new James Webb Space Telescope, the Jovian atmosphere with lightnings, artifacts of Ancient Egypt, lightning-made glass, and dinosaur bones. At the cafe, I noticed two different round-headed stocky men, who came in and out.
It was William, the coachman. He was shot through the heart.
It was Yanni's fault.
It was Ziri who had written those letters.
It was Ziri who inspired me to do this.
It was Ziri who killed Rima.
It was Ziri's birthday and the whole school was invited.
It was Ziri's demeanor that caught Rima off guard.
It was Ziri's first time meeting Rima.
It was Ziri's turn to cook dinner.
It was Ziri's turn to seek.
It was Ziri, calling out to Rima.
It was a Boston critic who echoed the dictum of the French critic—that grammar has no place in the world of letters.
It was a Friday when this all took place.
It was a Saturday night.
It was a September morning.
It was a Sunday afternoon and the town was bristling with people.
It was a Thursday and he had the day off.
It was a Turk who observed it for the first time. He talked about it at an astronomy congress.
It was a UFO.
It was a bad choice on our part.
It was a bad choice.
It was a bad day for all of us.
It was a bad day to play baseball.
It was a bad experience.
It was a bad film.
It was a bad idea to do that.
It was a bad idea to wait so long.
It was a bad idea.
It was a bad job.
It was a bad marriage.
It was a bad mistake for me to stay there so long.
It was a bad mistake to stay there so long.
It was a bad movie.
It was a bad rabbit.
It was a bad show.
It was a bad sign.
It was a bad situation.
It was a bad take.
It was a bad time for all of us.
It was a bad time for us all.
It was a bag that I lost in the room yesterday.
It was a baseless rumor.
It was a beautiful October day and we all had a wonderful time.
It was a beautiful Sunday morning on the Baltic Sea.
It was a beautiful campsite.
It was a beautiful ceremony.
It was a beautiful day for a walk.
It was a beautiful day yesterday.
It was a beautiful day, but I couldn't go out.
It was a beautiful day.
It was a beautiful evening.
It was a beautiful evening; the last rays of the setting sun shone bright through the long stems of the trees upon the green underwood beneath, and the turtle-doves sang from the tall birches.
It was a beautiful experience.
It was a beautiful landscape.
It was a beautiful marriage proposal.
It was a beautiful night.
It was a beautiful place.
It was a beautiful presentation.
It was a beautiful sight.
It was a beautiful speech.
It was a beautiful spring day.
It was a beautiful summer day.
It was a beautiful summer evening.
It was a beautiful summer night.
It was a beautiful summer's evening.
It was a beautiful summer, and the sky was always blue.
It was a beautiful sunny day.
It was a beautiful sunset.
It was a beautiful wedding ceremony.
It was a beautiful wedding.
It was a beautiful, still night.
It was a beautiful, warm spring Saturday.
It was a beneficial day.
It was a bet.
It was a big black American warship.
It was a big blow to my ego.
It was a big deal for Tom.
It was a big deal for me.
It was a big deal for us.
It was a big deal.
It was a big decision.
It was a big difference.
It was a big explosion.
It was a big hassle.
It was a big help to me.
It was a big honor to be asked to give a speech.
It was a big mistake for me to do that.
It was a big mistake.
It was a big misunderstanding.
It was a big moment in Sami's life.
It was a big night.
It was a big one.
It was a big room with one small window high up.
It was a big step for me.
It was a big step for us.
It was a big surprise.
It was a big upset when Hingis was eliminated in the first round.
It was a big win for our team.
It was a big win for us.
It was a bit awkward at first.
It was a bit awkward.
It was a bit daunting.
It was a bit of high jinks.
It was a bit scary at first.
It was a bit tricky to do that.
It was a bit windy.
It was a bitter disappointment to him when he failed his examination.
It was a bitter pill to swallow.
It was a bitterly cold winter's morning, and the path lay hidden beneath a thick layer of snow and ice.
It was a black disk, with a row of yellow window panes.
It was a blast.
It was a blatant attempt to win Tom over.
It was a blazing hot day in August.
It was a blessing in disguise.
It was a blessing to be in Algeria.
It was a blessing to meet such an informed individual.
It was a blonde—a blonde to make a bishop kick a hole through a stained-glass window.
It was a bloody battle.
It was a bloody massacre.
It was a blow to us.
It was a bold decision.
It was a bomb.
It was a boring party.
It was a boy dressed in ragged velveteen breeches, and thin discoloured shirt.
It was a breath-taking close game.
It was a breathtakingly close game.
It was a breeze.
It was a breezy Sunday night.
It was a brief journey.
It was a bright and clear Sunday morning.
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen.
It was a bright sunny morning, every leaf sparkling with dew-drops; groups of neatly-dressed people were to be seen flocking in from the country in every direction; and though the air was fresh enough to incline them to walk briskly along, their hands were not hidden away in muffs and coat-pockets, but were ready for the friendly shake which, with "all the good wishes of the season," awaited them at every step.
It was a bummer.
It was a busy Thursday night.
It was a busy afternoon.
It was a busy day.
It was a busy morning.
It was a busy night.
It was a calculated decision.
It was a calculated risk.
It was a call for help.
It was a calm night.
It was a calm winter evening.
It was a camera that she bought there.
It was a case of clearly justifiable self-defense.
It was a case of mistaken identity.
It was a cask of our old heather ale which they had broached, and that is potent, if to the unwary it seems harmless enough.
It was a casual meeting.
It was a cat starved to skin and bones.
It was a catastrophe for me.
It was a certainty that the inhabitants of this island had committed horrible crimes.
It was a chain reaction.
It was a chain-reaction collision.
It was a challenge for me.
It was a challenge.
It was a challenging swim.
It was a challenging time for the young nation.
It was a chance meeting.
It was a change in perspective.
It was a chaotic day.
It was a chaotic scene.
It was a charming autumn evening.
It was a charming fall evening.
It was a chilling story.
It was a chocolate cake, my favorite flavor.
It was a choice made out of necessity.
It was a church event.
It was a classical music station for while.
It was a clean fight.
It was a clear allusion to corruption scandals that have peppered the press and were further underscored during the WikiLeaks scandal.
It was a clear night and the moon was full.
It was a clear night.
It was a clear victory.
It was a clear war then with obvious goals and Hitler as an obvious fascist.
It was a clever ruse.
It was a clinker-built rowing boat.
It was a close call when the little girl almost drowned in the lake.
It was a close call.
It was a close game.
It was a close match.
It was a close race.
It was a coincidence that Tom and Mary were on the same bus.
It was a coincidence that Tom was there too.
It was a coincidence that Tom was there, too.
It was a coincidence that we were both there at the same time.
It was a coincidence.
It was a cold Summer this year.
It was a cold and rainy night, and there was not a soul in sight in the streets.
It was a cold day.
It was a cold evening even though it was summertime.
It was a cold night.
It was a cold overcast day.
It was a cold snowy day.
It was a cold summer this year.
It was a cold, grey evening.
It was a collaborative effort.
It was a colossal failure.
It was a commercial flop.
It was a competition.
It was a complete and total disaster.
It was a complete and utter waste of time.
It was a complete clusterfuck.
It was a complete disaster.
It was a complete failure.
It was a complete flop.
It was a complete mess.
It was a complete nightmare.
It was a complete rustbucket of a ship.
It was a complete success.
It was a complete surprise.
It was a complete waste of time.
It was a complicated question.
It was a compromise.
It was a computer error.
It was a confusing time for all of us.
It was a confusing time for us all.
It was a confusing time.
It was a contemptible thing to do.
It was a controversial decision.
It was a convivial group that enjoyed being together.
It was a cool day.
It was a cool site until the channers colonized it.
It was a costly encounter.
It was a costly mistake.
It was a cosy, well-furnished apartment, with two candles burning upon the table and two upon the mantelpiece.
It was a counterintuitive event.
It was a country of wide pastures, of moors covered with heath, of rock-born streams and rivulets, of forest and hill and dale, sparsely inhabited, with the sea to the eastward of it, unseen, and the mountains everywhere visible always, and endlessly changing in aspect. Herdsmen and shepherds wandered over it, and along its almost disused roads pedlars and pack mules passed at times but rarely. Minerals and marbles were under its turf, but none sought for them; pools and lakes slept in it, undisturbed save by millions of water fowl and their pursuers. The ruins of temples and palaces were overgrown by its wild berries and wild flowers. The buffalo browsed where emperors had feasted, and the bittern winged its slow flight over the fields of forgotten battles.
It was a cowardly act of terrorism.
It was a crappy time in my life.
It was a crazy feeling.
It was a crazy game.
It was a crime of opportunity.
It was a crime of passion.
It was a critical and a commercial success.
It was a crowd pleaser.
It was a cry for help, but it wasn't responded to.
It was a cry for help.
It was a cry of despair.
It was a curious coincidence.
It was a curious thing to watch.
It was a cute little puppy, with huge shining eye.
It was a dangerous assignment that she'd been given.
It was a dangerous journey.
It was a dangerous time.
It was a dangerous trip.
It was a dangerous venture.
It was a daring adventure, full of thrill and excitement.
It was a daring move at a time when many people's web experience was little more than a dial-up modem.
It was a dark and stormy night.
It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell in torrents — except at occasional intervals, when it was checked by a violent gust of wind which swept up the streets (for it is in London that our scene lies), rattling along the housetops, and fiercely agitating the scanty flame of the lamps that struggled against the darkness.
It was a dark night, unrelieved save by the phosphor gleam of the seas around the vessel, and the light of the two lanterns hung up in the fore and mizzen rigging.
It was a dark night, with no moon.
It was a dark night.
It was a dark, moonless night.
It was a daunting task.
It was a day Tom would never forget.
It was a day full of surprises.
It was a day in which I have nothing much to say.
It was a day like any other.
It was a deadly hailstorm.
It was a decent performance.
It was a deep darkness.
It was a delicate matter.
It was a delightful bit of nonsense.
It was a delightful evening.
It was a deplorable accident.
It was a dick move.
It was a different era.
It was a different story back then.
It was a different time and a different world.
It was a different time.
It was a different world.
It was a difficult battle.
It was a difficult beginning for Fadil.
It was a difficult choice.
It was a difficult decision for me.
It was a difficult decision.
It was a difficult exam.
It was a difficult game.
It was a difficult loss, no question.
It was a difficult period.
It was a difficult problem indeed.
It was a difficult problem to solve.
It was a difficult question to answer.
It was a difficult time for me.
It was a difficult time for us.
It was a difficult time in Boldi's life.
It was a difficult time, but we struggled through it.
It was a difficult time.
It was a difficult year for us.
It was a dilemma for me.
It was a dinosaur, for real!
It was a dire situation.
It was a dirty game.
It was a dirty trick that Tom hadn't expected.
It was a dirty trick.
It was a disagreement.
It was a disappointing loss.
It was a disappointment.
It was a disaster.
It was a discursive and incoherent speech.
It was a disgrace.
It was a dismal failure.
It was a divine intervention.
It was a domestic violence case caused by an argument over pickles.
It was a dramatic moment.
It was a dreadful thing for you to lose your temper like that, Anne.
It was a dream and shouldn't I bother about a dream?
It was a dream come true.
It was a dream job.
It was a dream of mine to see you.
It was a dream that wasn't to come true.
It was a dream that wouldn't come true.
It was a dream.
It was a dreary day and Tom didn't feel like going out.
It was a dreary evening.
It was a dry day.
It was a dry summer. Many farmers had to water their fields.
It was a dry year, and many animals starved to death.
It was a dry year, and many animals starved.
It was a dusky night.
It was a fabulous night.
It was a fabulous party.
It was a fabulous show which brought us an endless delight.
It was a fair argument.
It was a fair fight.
It was a fair game.
It was a fair negotiation.
It was a fair price.
It was a fairly cool night.
It was a fairly hot debate.
It was a fairytale wedding.
It was a fake diamond necklace.
It was a fake.
It was a false alarm.
It was a false positive.
It was a family business.
It was a family decision.
It was a fantastic day.
It was a fantastic game.
It was a fantastic night.
It was a fantastic opportunity to think back on the changes in my life.
It was a fascinating discovery.
It was a fascinating story, and he told it well.
It was a fascinating story.
It was a fast delivery.
It was a fat lady who wore a fur around her neck.
It was a festive occasion.
It was a fierce battle.
It was a fight down to the wire, but in the end, the tree won. The chestnut tree made famous by Anne Frank in her wartime diary was scheduled to be axed. The ruling follows a protracted battle between the city, which claimed the tree was infested with a fungus and was in imminent danger of falling, and conservationists and neighbors, who argued the tree could be saved. After an emergency court hearing Tuesday, the judge sided with the tree.
It was a financial nightmare.
It was a fine day and there were no clouds in the sky.
It was a fine day so I went on a picnic.
It was a fine day, so we went swimming.
It was a fine sunny day.
It was a fire by arson.
It was a five-alarm fire.
It was a flimsy excuse at best.
It was a flimsy excuse.
It was a flippant comment.
It was a flood of truly Biblical proportions.
It was a fluke.
It was a flying saucer all right.
It was a foggy night.
It was a foggy, cloudy morning, and a dun-coloured veil hung over the house-tops, looking like the reflection of the mud-coloured streets beneath.
It was a foolish mistake.
It was a forced smile.
It was a foul play.
It was a freak accident.
It was a freezing cold day.
It was a freezing cold night, and the sky was crystal clear.
It was a freezing winter evening.
It was a friend of mine who called.
It was a friendly contest.
It was a frightening experience.
It was a frightening spectacle for the residents of the ancient mountain villages.
It was a frustrating ordeal.
It was a full moon that was seen that day.
It was a full moon yesterday.
It was a fun day yesterday.
It was a fun game to watch.
It was a fun night.
It was a fun party yesterday. But It was a little exhausting.
It was a fun project.
It was a fun situation.
It was a fun time working at the mall.
It was a funny moment.
It was a funny sight.
It was a funny story to share with his dad later.
It was a funny story.
It was a furious battle.
It was a gamble.
It was a game.
It was a gaping wound.
It was a general strike.
It was a genuine accident.
It was a genuine mistake.
It was a ghost town during the war.
It was a gift.
It was a gigantic inadequacy.
It was a glass that he broke.
It was a glorious night, hot and still.
It was a godsend.
It was a good and interesting night.
It was a good answer.
It was a good buy.
It was a good call.
It was a good cause.
It was a good choice.
It was a good clock.
It was a good compromise.
It was a good crowd.
It was a good day.
It was a good decision.
It was a good dinner, to say the least.
It was a good example.
It was a good exchange.
It was a good experience.
It was a good feeling.
It was a good fight.
It was a good first step.
It was a good five kilometers from the station to the school.
It was a good five kilometres from the railway station to the school.
It was a good game.
It was a good idea to create Tatoeba.
It was a good idea to do that.
It was a good idea.
It was a good job.
It was a good laugh.
It was a good lesson to learn.
It was a good luncheon, as hotels go.
It was a good match.
It was a good memory.
It was a good movie.
It was a good night.
It was a good one.
It was a good opportunity.
It was a good party until Tom arrived.
It was a good party until Tom's arrival.
It was a good party.
It was a good plan.
It was a good race.
It was a good show.
It was a good speech.
It was a good start for us.
It was a good start.
It was a good test for us.
It was a good thing Tom did.
It was a good thing.
It was a good time to retire.
It was a good trip.
It was a good try.
It was a good way to enjoy the place.
It was a good year for everyone.
It was a great accomplishment.
It was a great afternoon.
It was a great blow to us.
It was a great boost to the economy.
It was a great break.
It was a great concert.
It was a great day.
It was a great debate.
It was a great evening.
It was a great experience.
It was a great feeling.
It was a great game.
It was a great help!
It was a great holiday, but too short.
It was a great idea.
It was a great interview.
It was a great loss for me.
It was a great loss for you, wasn't it?
It was a great loss.
It was a great moment in the nation's history.
It was a great moment in the nation’s history.
It was a great movie.
It was a great night.
It was a great opportunity.
It was a great party.
It was a great performance.
It was a great plan, or so it seemed.
It was a great plan.
It was a great play.
It was a great pleasure for me to meet many associates of your company.
It was a great pleasure!
It was a great presentation and it felt passionate.
It was a great privilege working with you.
It was a great race.
It was a great shock to me.
It was a great shock to you, wasn't it?
It was a great show.
It was a great success, ending in a long run.
It was a great success.
It was a great summer.
It was a great surprise.
It was a great thrill to meet the President.
It was a great time for Hollywood.
It was a great tragedy for them to lose their only son.
It was a great trip.
It was a great victory for Jackson.
It was a great victory for Tom.
It was a great victory for me.
It was a great victory for us.
It was a great way to start the day.
It was a great win for us.
It was a great, passionate presentation.
It was a gripping scene.
It was a groundbreaking invention at the time.
It was a group effort.
It was a hamburger of epic dimensions!
It was a happy time.
It was a hard act to follow.
It was a hard choice.
It was a hard day.
It was a hard decision.
It was a hard exam.
It was a hard fight.
It was a hard foul, but I was just trying to stop him from pushing forward.
It was a hard punishment for Tom.
It was a hard question to answer.
It was a hard sentence.
It was a hard slog for Mary to raise her two children as a single parent.
It was a harmless school prank.
It was a harrowing experience.
It was a harsh winter.
It was a head-on collision.
It was a heartbreaking story.
It was a heavy blow for miss van Kampen when her husband died and left her a lot of money.
It was a hell of a performance, but the masks are off now.
It was a heroic effort.
It was a high production dog dream. They even had catering.
It was a historic decision.
It was a hoax.
It was a holiday?
It was a horrendous experience.
It was a horrible experience.
It was a horrible headache.
It was a horrible idea.
It was a horrible moment. Fortunately, it did not last long.
It was a horrible scene.
It was a horrible sight.
It was a horrible vision.
It was a hot Algerian summer.
It was a hot and sunny day.
It was a hot day.
It was a hot debate.
It was a hot night.
It was a hot summer day, and Ziri was enjoying a strawberry smoothie on the porch.
It was a hot summer day.
It was a hot summer evening.
It was a hot, sunny day.
It was a house like any other.
It was a huge awakening moment for Yanni.
It was a huge challenge.
It was a huge change.
It was a huge deal.
It was a huge difference.
It was a huge disappointment.
It was a huge explosion.
It was a huge increase.
It was a huge massacre.
It was a huge party they threw, but the host and hostess carried off the event to perfection.
It was a huge pay cut.
It was a huge project.
It was a huge relief.
It was a huge step forward.
It was a huge success.
It was a huge task.
It was a huge waste of time.
It was a huge win for us.
It was a humbling experience.
It was a humid, grey summer day at the end of June.
It was a hundred dollar bill.
It was a job done well.
It was a joint decision.
It was a joke in poor taste.
It was a joke, of course.
It was a joke.
It was a journey of discovery.
It was a joyous celebration.
It was a joyous morning for the cat, but a great tragedy for the now-orphaned chicks.
It was a joyous occasion.
It was a judgment call.
It was a justifiable shooting.
It was a justified shooting.
It was a knife. I saw the flash of the blade quite distinctly.
It was a labor of love.
It was a laborious process.
It was a lackluster performance.
It was a landmine.
It was a large canoe.
It was a last-minute decision.
It was a late cancellation.
It was a learning experience.
It was a legitimate question.
It was a lesson for him.
It was a lie and Tom knew it.
It was a lie and he knew it.
It was a lie and she knew it.
It was a lie, of course.
It was a lie.
It was a life-changing moment.
It was a little chaotic.
It was a little different.
It was a little disorienting.
It was a little embarrassing.
It was a little fun.
It was a little hectic.
It was a little overwhelming when I first started there.
It was a little scary.
It was a little sudden.
It was a little surprising.
It was a little too muggy for spring.
It was a little tough to navigate around the store.
It was a little tricky.
It was a little unexpected.
It was a lively coming and going. No one stayed long.
It was a lively party.
It was a load off my mind.
It was a lone gunman.
It was a lonely time.
It was a long afternoon.
It was a long and difficult night.
It was a long and hard journey but we're finally at our destination.
It was a long and hard journey but we’re finally at our destination.
It was a long and tiring trip.
It was a long day.
It was a long flight.
It was a long journey by train.
It was a long journey, so I took some food with me.
It was a long journey.
It was a long letter, but in brief, he said, "No."
It was a long letter.
It was a long night.
It was a long ride home.
It was a long time ago.
It was a long time before Tuppence went to sleep that night.
It was a long time before she understood me.
It was a long trip and I was grateful for his company.
It was a long wait.
It was a long walk home.
It was a long war because neither side would give in.
It was a long week that no one deserved.
It was a long, difficult night.
It was a lost cause.
It was a lost opportunity.
It was a lot easier than I had imagined.
It was a lot easier than I thought it would be.
It was a lot harder than I had expected.
It was a lot more difficult than I expected it to be.
It was a lot more difficult than I thought it would be.
It was a lot more difficult than I thought.
It was a lot more expensive than I thought it would be.
It was a lot more work than I expected.
It was a lot of fun doing that.
It was a lot of fun singing for the kids at the orphanage.
It was a lot of fun singing with the kids at the orphanage.
It was a lot of fun to do that.
It was a lot of fun.
It was a lot of hard work.
It was a lot of money for those times.
It was a lot of work to do that.
It was a lot of work.
It was a lot tougher than I thought it would be.
It was a lovely July evening, and the air was delicate with the scent of the pinewoods.
It was a lovely autumn evening.
It was a lovely but ultimately terrible idea.
It was a lovely ceremony.
It was a lovely day yesterday.
It was a lovely evening.
It was a lovely experience.
It was a lovely party.
It was a lovely sight to see.
It was a lovely trip, the dainty green of the spring below, the virgin white of the winter above; but it was clear to me that never for one instant did Holmes forget the shadow which lay across him.
It was a lovely trip.
It was a low blow.
It was a lucky guess.
It was a lucky shot.
It was a lucky win.
It was a lyrical digression.
It was a madhouse!
It was a magic moment.
It was a magical moment.
It was a magical time.
It was a major victory.
It was a manifest error of judgement.
It was a marvellous night in Newcastle.
It was a massacre.
It was a masterpiece of culinary delight.
It was a match made in heaven.
It was a matter of elimination.
It was a matter of life and death for me.
It was a matter of life or death.
It was a meaningful experience for me to get a small taste of the loneliness people feel when they've made the now-popular decision to leave their families and work elsewhere.
It was a memorable evening filled with joy and camaraderie.
It was a memorable evening.
It was a memorable night.
It was a mere chance that I found it.
It was a mere coincidence.
It was a mere formality.
It was a mess in the department store.
It was a mess.
It was a messy situation.
It was a mind-bending experience.
It was a mine.
It was a minor offense.
It was a miracle Ziri was still alive.
It was a miracle from God.
It was a miracle he was still living.
It was a miracle that Fadil was still alive.
It was a miracle that he recovered.
It was a miracle that no one was hurt.
It was a miracle.
It was a miscalculation.
It was a miserable day for a walk.
It was a miserable failure.
It was a miserable flight.
It was a miserable trip.
It was a mistake for Tom to do that.
It was a mistake for Tom to try walking across the frozen pond.
It was a mistake for me to testify against Tom.
It was a mistake for such a young parent to have, and raise a child.
It was a mistake for you to come here.
It was a mistake not to follow Tom's advice.
It was a mistake on our part.
It was a mistake on their part.
It was a mistake that cost Tom his life.
It was a mistake to amplify this debate with thoughtless responses.
It was a mistake to break up with you.
It was a mistake to challenge Tom to a fight.
It was a mistake to come here tonight.
It was a mistake to come here.
It was a mistake to do that.
It was a mistake to get back together with you.
It was a mistake to keep that matter secret.
It was a mistake to refuse her aid.
It was a mistake to refuse her help.
It was a mistake to refuse his aid.
It was a mistake to refuse his assistance.
It was a mistake to refuse his help.
It was a mistake to stay.
It was a mistake.
It was a misunderstanding.
It was a modest outcome.
It was a moment of laughter in an otherwise normal day.
It was a moment to pause.
It was a moonlit night, and one of the sailors stood upon the round top; as I think they call it; he looked around to see if he could see any land.
It was a moral victory.
It was a more innocent time.
It was a morning like any other.
It was a most beautiful flower.
It was a most difficult problem.
It was a mostly middle-class residential area, with some small businesses.
It was a mouse.
It was a movie about a talking raccoon.
It was a movie that didn't suit me.
It was a movie worth watching.
It was a moving experience.
It was a moving sight.
It was a mule deer.
It was a mutual decision.
It was a nasty prank.
It was a nasty trick.
It was a national scandal.
It was a near miss.
It was a near thing!
It was a nerve-wracking experience.
It was a nerve-wracking year for Tom.
It was a nervous moment for me.
It was a never-ending war.
It was a new book.
It was a new experience for Tom.
It was a new experience for all of us.
It was a new experience for almost everyone.
It was a new experience for everyone.
It was a new experience for her.
It was a new experience for me.
It was a new experience for us all.
It was a new experience for you, wasn't it?
It was a new surprise for us.
It was a nice break.
It was a nice company that manufactured stylish lamps and other home accessories and sold them to many countries around the world.
It was a nice day for a walk.
It was a nice day so we went fishing.
It was a nice day to die.
It was a nice day to go to the beach.
It was a nice day yesterday.
It was a nice feeling.
It was a nice idea.
It was a nice normal day in Algiers.
It was a nice party.
It was a nice party. You should have come, too.
It was a nice party. You should've come, too.
It was a nice place to visit, but I wouldn't want to live there.
It was a nice place to walk.
It was a nice place.
It was a nice plan.
It was a nice race.
It was a nice scenic road to take.
It was a nice story.
It was a nice surprise to return home and see a present sitting in the porch.
It was a nice surprise.
It was a nice thing Tom did.
It was a nice thing that Tom did.
It was a nice time.
It was a nice weather, so we went fishing.
It was a nice wedding.
It was a night Tom would never forget.
It was a night as bright as day.
It was a night as bright as if it were day.
It was a night as bright as were it day.
It was a night just like any other night.
It was a night to remember.
It was a nightmare going to that forest in the dark.
It was a nightmare.
It was a no-brainer that Tom would renew his contract, given the huge amount of money he was being offered.
It was a no-win situation.
It was a noisy party last night.
It was a normal cold of the type that everyone gets.
It was a normal day.
It was a normal morning.
It was a novel in one sentence.
It was a one hundred dollar bill.
It was a one-sided love affair.
It was a painful defeat.
It was a pale, wild, haggard face, in a great cloud of black hair, pressed against the glass.
It was a parade with a capital P.
It was a partial success.
It was a party to celebrate her birthday.
It was a passing infatuation.
It was a peaceful night.
It was a perfect day for a walk.
It was a perfect day for a wedding.
It was a perfect day for the beach.
It was a perfect day, with a bright sun and a few fleecy clouds in the heavens.
It was a perfect day.
It was a perfect end to a perfect day.
It was a perfect fit.
It was a perfect location.
It was a perfect match.
It was a perfect moment.
It was a perfect morning.
It was a perfect place to relax and unwind.
It was a perfect plan.
It was a perfect plan...
It was a perilous journey.
It was a personal decision.
It was a piece of cake to solve the problem!
It was a piece of cake.
It was a pitch black night.
It was a pitiful sight to see.
It was a pity Tom couldn't go camping with us.
It was a pity that Tom couldn't come to our party.
It was a pity that Tom couldn’t come to our party.
It was a pity that he couldn't come to our party.
It was a pleasant day, but there were few people in the park.
It was a pleasant drive along the Autobahn, with the blue Taunus mountains in the distance.
It was a pleasant surprise.
It was a pleasant, lively, natural scene; a beautiful day, a retired spot; and two girls, quite unconstrained and careless, danced in the freedom and gaiety of their hearts.
It was a pleasure for me to speak with you.
It was a pleasure meeting you, Mr Tamori.
It was a pleasure meeting you, Mr. Tamori.
It was a pleasure meeting you, Tom.
It was a pleasure talking to you.
It was a pleasure talking with you.
It was a pleasure to collaborate with you.
It was a pleasure to hear Tom and Mary sing together.
It was a pleasure to help Tom.
It was a pleasure to help them.
It was a pleasure to meet him.
It was a pleasure to meet you Stella, I am so sorry for whatever I said to irk you the wrong way.
It was a pleasure to meet you both.
It was a pleasure to meet you.
It was a pleasure to serve you.
It was a pleasure to speak with you, Tom.
It was a pleasure to spend the evening with a smart, funny and beautiful girl like you.
It was a pleasure to work with Sami.
It was a pleasure to work with Tom.
It was a pleasure to work with you.
It was a pleasure working with you folks.
It was a pleasure working with you.
It was a pleasure.
It was a pogrom.
It was a pointless debate.
It was a political satire.
It was a poor choice of words under the circumstances.
It was a poor concert.
It was a positive experience.
It was a positive step forward.
It was a power move.
It was a powerful experience.
It was a powerful moment.
It was a precious clock his grandmother, who was in the hospital, gave him.
It was a present from my mother.
It was a present from my son.
It was a pretty amazing experience.
It was a pretty balanced meal.
It was a pretty big bear.
It was a pretty close call.
It was a pretty cool experience.
It was a pretty cool time in my life.
It was a pretty easy job.
It was a pretty good year, nonetheless.
It was a pretty little house, strong and well-built.
It was a pretty normal party.
It was a pretty sight to behold.
It was a pretty slow shift with not much going on.
It was a pretty tiring day.
It was a pretty weird situation.
It was a private matter.
It was a private message.
It was a private music torrent tracker.
It was a problem difficult to solve.
It was a problem in their local community.
It was a problem that was difficult to solve.
It was a problem, but not a big one.
It was a problem, but not a major one.
It was a problem, but not one we couldn't solve.
It was a problem, but not one we weren't able solve.
It was a profession of his own choosing.
It was a promise I made to Tom.
It was a prophetic dream.
It was a prudent move.
It was a public holiday.
It was a publicity stunt.
It was a purchase which he could not possibly afford.
It was a pure accident that I met him there.
It was a pure shock for Fadil.
It was a put-up job.
It was a quarter past four in the morning.
It was a question none of us could answer.
It was a question of ethics.
It was a question of time.
It was a question so difficult that no one was able to answer it.
It was a quick decision.
It was a quiet afternoon.
It was a quiet night.
It was a quiet winter evening.
It was a quiet winter's evening.
It was a race against the clock to save Fadil's life.
It was a race against time to rescue the miners who were trapped in the mine.
It was a race against time.
It was a race to get to the station on time.
It was a radical change.
It was a rainy April.
It was a rainy day.
It was a rainy evening.
It was a rare sight.
It was a rash decision.
It was a rash move.
It was a real adventure.
It was a real challenge for us to go down the cliff on a rope.
It was a real challenge.
It was a real mask-off moment for Tom.
It was a real pain in the butt.
It was a real pleasure to meet Tom.
It was a real pleasure to meet you.
It was a real pleasure to work with Tom.
It was a real pleasure to work with you.
It was a real pleasure.
It was a real slap in the face when she didn't answer my phone calls.
It was a real slap in the face when she didn’t answer my phone calls.
It was a real threat.
It was a real tragedy.
It was a really awkward situation.
It was a really beautiful day.
It was a really beautiful experience.
It was a really beautiful view.
It was a really cool experience.
It was a really creepy story.
It was a really exciting baseball game.
It was a really fun experience.
It was a really interesting case.
It was a really interesting movie.
It was a really nice day, wasn't it?
It was a really nice deal.
It was a really nice lullaby.
It was a really tight finish.
It was a really tight race.
It was a really tiny spark that set the bush ablaze.
It was a really tragic story.
It was a really weird scene, man.
It was a reasonable deal.
It was a reasonable law.
It was a relatively safe ride.
It was a relief to hear the news.
It was a relief to see her sweet smile.
It was a relief.
It was a remarkable experience.
It was a remarkable scene.
It was a remarkable sight.
It was a remarkable win.
It was a resounding failure.
It was a resounding success.
It was a revelation to me.
It was a rewarding viewing experience overall.
It was a rhetorical question.
It was a ridiculous question.
It was a rigged trial.
It was a riot.
It was a riotous occasion.
It was a risk we had to take.
It was a risky choice.
It was a risky thing to do.
It was a robbery gone wrong.
It was a rookie mistake.
It was a rough day.
It was a rumor.
It was a ruse.
It was a rush job so it might not be a good fit.
It was a rush job, so it might not be a good fit.
It was a rush job.
It was a sacred mountain before the settler state defaced it.
It was a sad day for me.
It was a sad ending.
It was a sad sight to see the doctors and nurses dancing ridiculously while leaving the sick unattended.
It was a sad sight.
It was a sad story.
It was a sailor, bare-armed and bare-legged, in blue singlet and canvas trousers rolled to the knee.
It was a sapphic night organised by a queer team.
It was a satire of the government.
It was a satisfactory arrangement for fifteen years.
It was a satisfying meal.
It was a scary moment.
It was a scary movie.
It was a scary movie. I think I'll have nightmares about it tonight.
It was a scary movie. I think I’ll have nightmares about it tonight.
It was a scary place.
It was a scary situation.
It was a scene of carnage.
It was a scene where Vladimir and Anna had to kiss and they were practising.
It was a scenic drive.
It was a scurrilous attack.
It was a secret.
It was a seemingly empty restaurant.
It was a sensation.
It was a sensational victory, but in order to be crowned champions, the team still has to defeat some really tough opponents.
It was a sensitive subject.
It was a serious lapse in judgment.
It was a set-up.
It was a setback.
It was a shame.
It was a ship with a crew of 25 sailors.
It was a shock at first.
It was a shock to hear about Tom's divorce.
It was a shock to hear about Tom’s divorce.
It was a shock to hear about her divorce.
It was a shock to me.
It was a shock to our community.
It was a shock, to be sure.
It was a shock.
It was a shocking development.
It was a shocking moment when he spat me on my face.
It was a short conversation.
It was a short drive.
It was a short-lived pleasure.
It was a sight to behold.
It was a sight to see him dance.
It was a sight to see.
It was a sign of hope.
It was a significant moment.
It was a silent fart.
It was a silent night in winter.
It was a silly mistake on my part.
It was a silly mistake.
It was a silly question.
It was a silly rumor.
It was a silver disk. A silver disk had appeared in the sky above the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building.
It was a simple decision.
It was a simple matter.
It was a simple mistake.
It was a simple misunderstanding.
It was a simpler time.
It was a simply furnished living room.
It was a situation beyond words.
It was a situation that defied description.
It was a slap in the face for Italy.
It was a sleeper hit.
It was a slight increase.
It was a slip of the tongue.
It was a slow decline.
It was a small and unremarkable bakery.
It was a small collection of dwellings that seemed to have been cast up by the sea, with the rock-weed and marine plants that it vomits after a storm, or to have come ashore among the pipe-staves and other lumber, which had been washed from the deck of an Eastern schooner.
It was a small incident.
It was a small spark that set the bush on fire.
It was a small wedding.
It was a small, unadorned room.
It was a smart choice.
It was a smart move.
It was a sneaky trick.
It was a snobbish club full of preppy airheads.
It was a snowy day.
It was a solemn thing, to hear, in the darkened room, the feeble voice of the sick child recounting a weary catalogue of evils and calamities which hard men had brought upon him.
It was a solid gold bar.
It was a somber day in Algiers.
It was a source of sustenance.
It was a spacious harbour, sheltered deep / from access of the winds, but looming vast / with awful ravage, AEtna's neighbouring steep / thundered aloud, and, dark with clouds, upcast / smoke and red cinders in a whirlwind's blast. / Live balls of flame, with showers of sparks, upflew / and licked the stars, and in combustion massed, / torn rocks, her ragged entrails, molten new, / the rumbling mount belched forth from out the boiling stew.
It was a spacious house.
It was a special day for Layla.
It was a special day for Tom and Mary.
It was a special day for Tom.
It was a special day for me.
It was a spectacular demonstration.
It was a spectacular show.
It was a splendid performance.
It was a standoff.
It was a state prosecution, not a federal one.
It was a sticky situation indeed.
It was a still, warm day in early July.
It was a stormy Halloween night.
It was a stormy day, and the snow was falling fast.
It was a stormy night.
It was a strange affair.
It was a strange beast.
It was a strange chance that we met there again.
It was a strange experience.
It was a strange feeling, being watched like that.
It was a strange feeling.
It was a strange interview.
It was a strange night.
It was a strange place.
It was a strange puzzle, and yet I knew that my mind could never know ease again until I had solved it.
It was a strange sight.
It was a strange situation.
It was a strange story.
It was a strange thing for Paul to say.
It was a strange way to make movies.
It was a stressful day.
It was a stressful week.
It was a stroke of genius.
It was a stroppy answer to a dim-witted question.
It was a stunning landscape.
It was a stunning view.
It was a stupid bet.
It was a stupid idea anyway.
It was a stupid idea.
It was a stupid joke.
It was a stupid mistake.
It was a stupid thing to do.
It was a sublime scenery.
It was a successful negotiation.
It was a successful presentation of a play.
It was a suicidal stunt.
It was a suicide bombing.
It was a summer day.
It was a sunny Sunday morning.
It was a sunny day when we went to the mall.
It was a sunny day.
It was a superb picture.
It was a surprise for me!
It was a surprise to see all the students behaving with decorum on prom night.
It was a surprise.
It was a symbolic slap in the face.
It was a tactless question.
It was a tad fiddly trying to apply nail polish with the bigger brush.
It was a tangled mess.
It was a tantalizing thought.
It was a taste of freedom.
It was a team effort.
It was a tedious job.
It was a temptation, Mary, and you succumbed.
It was a tense moment.
It was a terrible accident.
It was a terrible affair.
It was a terrible blow.
It was a terrible confusion; Sue slipped later in the water. They're all mad at you.
It was a terrible confusion; Sue slipped later in the water. They’re all mad at you.
It was a terrible day.
It was a terrible disaster.
It was a terrible experience.
It was a terrible film.
It was a terrible joke.
It was a terrible kiss.
It was a terrible match.
It was a terrible mistake.
It was a terrible movie.
It was a terrible night.
It was a terrible poem.
It was a terrible scene.
It was a terrible shock.
It was a terrible thing to do.
It was a terrible tragedy.
It was a terrible week.
It was a terribly cold winter.
It was a terribly warm night.
It was a terrific experience.
It was a test of Tom's endurance.
It was a test of wills.
It was a test.
It was a testimony to the catastrophe that happened yesterday.
It was a textbook case of suicide by cop.
It was a thinly-veiled threat.
It was a thoroughly desolate landscape, without a soul in sight.
It was a thrill.
It was a thrilling game. Everyone was excited.
It was a tie vote.
It was a tight contest.
It was a tight deadline, but they pulled through.
It was a time bomb.
It was a tiny hamlet of only a dozen people.
It was a tiny spark that set fire to the bush.
It was a tiny spark that set the bush ablaze.
It was a ton of fun.
It was a total disaster.
It was a total fiasco.
It was a total fluke.
It was a total loss.
It was a total surprise.
It was a tough act to follow.
It was a tough call.
It was a tough choice.
It was a tough day.
It was a tough exam.
It was a tough game.
It was a tough job that would make anyone think twice, but he met it with resolve.
It was a tough lesson to learn.
It was a tough pill to swallow.
It was a tough race.
It was a tough test.
It was a tough week for us.
It was a tradition.
It was a tragedy.
It was a tragic accident.
It was a translation.
It was a trap.
It was a traumatic experience.
It was a tremendous headache.
It was a tremendous journey.
It was a trick question.
It was a triumph in how people can take an almost certain catastrophe and, by working together, figure out a solution.
It was a true honor to be protected like that.
It was a true story.
It was a truly bizarre situation.
It was a truly superb meal.
It was a trying time for Tom.
It was a trying time for me.
It was a typical Sunday morning.
It was a typical Thursday morning in Algeria.
It was a typo.
It was a unique experience.
It was a usual evening in the King of Hyrule's Castle.
It was a valid concern.
It was a vase that my son broke last night.
It was a very Algerian atmosphere.
It was a very bad joke.
It was a very bad period.
It was a very bad poem.
It was a very beautiful flower.
It was a very big challenge.
It was a very big room.
It was a very big store.
It was a very boring and depressing shift.
It was a very busy month last month.
It was a very calm day in the stock market.
It was a very close fight.
It was a very close game.
It was a very cold day in April.
It was a very cold day.
It was a very cold night.
It was a very cold winter.
It was a very comical situation.
It was a very complicated operation.
It was a very complicated world.
It was a very confusing message.
It was a very dangerous situation.
It was a very dark night, and a thin rain began to fall as we turned from the high road into a narrow lane, deeply rutted, with hedges on either side.
It was a very dark night.
It was a very delicate negotiation.
It was a very difficult race.
It was a very difficult story to write.
It was a very enjoyable afternoon.
It was a very exciting day!
It was a very exciting game.
It was a very exciting match.
It was a very foolish mistake.
It was a very fortunate meeting.
It was a very funny situation.
It was a very gentle kiss.
It was a very good day.
It was a very good experience for Tom.
It was a very good experience for him.
It was a very good experience for me.
It was a very good movie.
It was a very good win.
It was a very good year.
It was a very gray day.
It was a very happy time in my life.
It was a very hard decision.
It was a very hard training.
It was a very hard winter, and all the water had thick ice over it.
It was a very hard winter, and all the water had thick ice over it. The birds and wild creatures had great difficulty in finding food.
It was a very heated discussion.
It was a very heated meeting.
It was a very hot day.
It was a very hot evening.
It was a very hot night.
It was a very hungry soil.
It was a very impressive concert.
It was a very interesting discovery.
It was a very interesting radio program.
It was a very lively debate.
It was a very lonesome place.
It was a very long concert.
It was a very long drive.
It was a very long game.
It was a very long match.
It was a very long meeting.
It was a very long period of peace.
It was a very long street of two-story brick houses, neat and prim, with whitened stone steps and little groups of aproned women gossiping at the doors.
It was a very long trip.
It was a very nerve-racking experience.
It was a very nerve-wracking experience.
It was a very nice day.
It was a very nice party.
It was a very nice show.
It was a very passionate love affair.
It was a very pleasant afternoon.
It was a very pleasant evening.
It was a very pleasurable experience.
It was a very poor idea for a pastor to have an affair.
It was a very psychedelic experience.
It was a very rewarding experience.
It was a very romantic kiss.
It was a very scary movie.
It was a very serious matter.
It was a very simple trick.
It was a very slim majority.
It was a very slow train. It stopped at every little station.
It was a very small book about Islam.
It was a very special time for me.
It was a very strange family.
It was a very strange situation.
It was a very stupid decision.
It was a very stupid idea on his part.
It was a very sweet kiss.
It was a very tense situation.
It was a very tight race.
It was a very tough act to follow.
It was a very traditional ceremony.
It was a very troubling time for Tom.
It was a very unexpectedly cloudy night and we couldn't observe any stars.
It was a very unfortunate, tragic event.
It was a very unpleasant situation for Tom.
It was a very warm October.
It was a very warm day when the princess went into the woods and sat down on the edge of the well.
It was a very warm evening.
It was a very warm welcome.
It was a very weird situation.
It was a very, very hot night.
It was a victory for the whole country when he finished first in the race.
It was a violent crime.
It was a volunteer effort.
It was a wafer-thin majority.
It was a walk in the park.
It was a walk up a long, lonely road to a solitary thorn-tree, where I was studying a shrike's nest.
It was a war no nation really wanted.
It was a war zone here.
It was a warm day, so we went swimming.
It was a warm day.
It was a warm evening in the summer of 2002, and Julie was walking nonchalantly through the compact town centre, whiling away an hour before catching the train, when she saw a German newspaper in the rack outside a newsagent's.
It was a warm night.
It was a warm spring afternoon.
It was a warm spring day.
It was a warm summer evening.
It was a warm summer night.
It was a warm sunny day.
It was a warm, cloudless day.
It was a warm, friendly meeting.
It was a waste of my time.
It was a waste of taxpayers' money.
It was a waste of time and effort.
It was a waste of time for all of us.
It was a waste of time.
It was a wasted opportunity.
It was a week before Jane got over her cold.
It was a week before she got well.
It was a week before.
It was a week of alternate snow and rain.
It was a week of alternating snow and rain.
It was a weight off his mind.
It was a weight off my mind.
It was a weird feeling.
It was a weird game.
It was a welcome surprise.
It was a well-aimed shot.
It was a well-educated duke who was gossiping about her.
It was a while ago.
It was a whole epic.
It was a wild goose chase.
It was a wild music video.
It was a wild night.
It was a win-win option.
It was a window that Tom broke yesterday.
It was a wise decision.
It was a wise precaution.
It was a woman's voice.
It was a woman, Sylvia Robinson, who produced the first commercially successful rap track.
It was a wonder to behold.
It was a wonderful day.
It was a wonderful evening.
It was a wonderful feeling.
It was a wonderful finale.
It was a wonderful morning.
It was a wonderful surprise.
It was a worknight like any other.
It was a wrong number.
It was a yes or no question.
It was a young man who said that the adult people were not there.
It was abnormally hot this summer.
It was about 2:30 when Tom got here.
It was about a three-mile walk.
It was about a week ago.
It was about a year ago.
It was about four years ago.
It was about lunchtime.
It was about midday when he reached the city.
It was about midday.
It was about money.
It was about more money.
It was about nine o'clock at night.
It was about that big.
It was about the size of a golf ball.
It was about the size of an egg.
It was about the tenth hour.
It was about thirty dollars.
It was about three weeks ago.
It was about time Ziri spoke up.
It was about time you arrived!
It was about time you went to the barber's.
It was about time.
It was about twenty dollars.
It was absolutely amazing.
It was absolutely awful.
It was absolutely beautiful.
It was absolutely brilliant.
It was absolutely crazy.
It was absolutely devastating.
It was absolutely fabulous.
It was absolutely fantastic.
It was absolutely gorgeous.
It was absolutely horrendous.
It was absolutely incredible.
It was absolutely perfect.
It was accepted that the problem indeed existed.
It was actually Ziri's idea.
It was actually a lot easier to do than I expected.
It was actually a lot more fun than I expected it to be.
It was actually a lot more fun than I expected.
It was actually his cowardice that saved his life.
It was actually my fault.
It was actually possible for me to do that by myself.
It was actually quite painful to watch.
It was actually really great.
It was actually very painful to watch.
It was adapted from the French original.
It was adequate.
It was advertised as a second edition in the newspapers.
It was after a meeting in America that he decided to write a book for non-scientists.
It was after an unusually long period of eclipse that the spirit of the third human species attained its greatest brilliance. We need not watch the stages by which this enlightenment was reached. Suffice it that the upshot was a very remarkable civilization, if such a word can be applied to an order in which agglomerations of architecture were unknown, clothing was used only when needed for warmth, and such industrial development as occurred was wholly subordinated to other activities.
It was after dark when we got to the village.
It was after four years that the war came to an end.
It was after midnight by the time we finished.
It was after midnight in Torremolinos in Spain, as I walked out of my hotel and walked down the steep incline towards the beach. On the way, I saw an intriguing green metal gate in front of a home, above which on marble, it said "Jardín de las Mercedes" or "Garden of the Mercies" of residence number 28. At the beach, it was dark and calm. There were "palapas" or palm-leaf shelters along the beach. The only other person that I saw that night looked like a Mexican, promenading.
It was after midnight when we arrived.
It was after midnight, and Fadil and Layla were sleeping.
It was after midnight.
It was after tea on a summer evening.
It was against school rules to wear makeup at the high school I went to.
It was against school rules to wear makeup at the high school that I went to.
It was ages ago.
It was ages since I'd eaten.
It was ages since we had had such a good time.
It was agreed that he would be leaving first.
It was agreed to continue the result-oriented dialogue at the Abu Dhabi meeting.
It was agreed to.
It was alien to me.
It was aliens.
It was alive.
It was all Greek to him.
It was all I could do to keep standing.
It was all Layla's idea.
It was all Tom's fault.
It was all Tom's idea.
It was all Ziri's fault.
It was all a big lie.
It was all a big mistake.
It was all a big misunderstanding.
It was all a dream.
It was all a farce.
It was all a lie.
It was all a mistake.
It was all a misunderstanding.
It was all a shock to me.
It was all a silly dream.
It was all a trick.
It was all about looks.
It was all an accident.
It was all an act.
It was all an illusion?
It was all because of my undue credulity.
It was all comprised of news of his concerts and various activities.
It was all covered with dust.
It was all dark within.
It was all dark, I couldn't see.
It was all delicious!
It was all done out of animus.
It was all done.
It was all double Dutch to him.
It was all for a good cause.
It was all for nothing.
It was all going so well.
It was all gone.
It was all good.
It was all he could do not to laugh.
It was all he talked about.
It was all here.
It was all in vain!
It was all in vain.
It was all just a big misunderstanding.
It was all just a dream.
It was all just a huge misunderstanding.
It was all just a misunderstanding.
It was all like a single equation with two unknowns.
It was all more and more surprising.
It was all my fault.
It was all my idea.
It was all our fault.
It was all our faults.
It was all over in a flash.
It was all over in a matter of seconds.
It was all over in five minutes.
It was all over too quickly.
It was all over.
It was all planned.
It was all quite sudden.
It was all right here.
It was all right, after all.
It was all so easy.
It was all so perfect!
It was all thanks to his recommendation that I was able to become a teacher at a college in Tokyo.
It was all the more depressing because it was raining.
It was all the rage back then.
It was all there.
It was all very confusing.
It was all very secretive.
It was all very strange.
It was all very sudden.
It was all very traumatic.
It was all worth it.
It was all written in Berber.
It was all wrong.
It was all your imagination.
It was all-or-nothing and we struck out spectacularly.
It was almost 100 years ago that Alice Paul and her fellow suffragists were arrested for picketing outside the White House for the right to vote. Today, women make up more than half of the electorate. For the first time in history, a woman is a major party’s presumptive presidential nominee.
It was almost 2:30 when Tom finally got home.
It was almost April.
It was almost a decade ago, on May 8th, 1980, that Mount St. Helens erupted.
It was almost a miracle.
It was almost completely dark.
It was almost dark when I arrived.
It was almost dark when I got there.
It was almost five o'clock.
It was almost four in the afternoon.
It was almost funny.
It was almost impossible to get around on that street.
It was almost impossible to see that sign.
It was almost in!
It was almost like Christmas.
It was almost like a dream.
It was almost midday and Tom was still sleeping.
It was almost midnight when we got home.
It was almost noon by the time Tom woke up.
It was almost noon when I woke up.
It was almost noon when you woke up.
It was almost noon.
It was almost pitch black.
It was almost recess.
It was almost the perfect crime: we arrived at the scene, opened the trunk, killed the man and cleaned up the prints, but we forgot to hide the body.
It was almost time for the party.
It was almost too difficult for me to do.
It was almost too easy.
It was almost too good to be true.
It was almost too hard for me to do.
It was almost too much to resist.
It was almost unnoticeable at first.
It was almost worth it.
It was already 2:30 AM, but Maria was still sitting at her desk and correcting homework.
It was already 3 a.m. The tiredness made it harder for Tom to concentrate.
It was already after 8 o'clock, so we called it a day.
It was already after midnight by the time we got there.
It was already badly damaged.
It was already dark by the time we got home.
It was already dark by the time we got there.
It was already dark out.
It was already dark outside.
It was already dark when I got home.
It was already dark when Tom got home.
It was already dark when Tom returned home.
It was already dark when we arrived in the village.
It was already dark, so I drove very slowly to be safe.
It was already dawn in the east.
It was already dawn.
It was already daybreak.
It was already getting dark.
It was already given back to Tom.
It was already half past nine in the evening when we arrived.
It was already late for Tom.
It was already late, but she left nonetheless.
It was already late, so I went back home.
It was already late; my sister, however, had still not yet returned; and I grew slowly restless.
It was already late; nevertheless, he kept working.
It was already like that when I was young.
It was already night when I arrived home.
It was already past midnight when I arrived.
It was already past one when we left the party.
It was already past seven, and the darkness slowly consumed the houses and the streets.
It was already pitch black.
It was already taking too long.
It was already too late for Tom.
It was already too late to back out.
It was already too late to order something on the breakfast menu.
It was already too late.
It was already twelve when he reached home.
It was already very dark outside.
It was already very late.
It was also a wet dream.
It was also her fault.
It was also nice.
It was also raining.
It was also shorn of some of the typical pomp of the annual presidential speech to both the House and Senate because of coronavirus restrictions.
It was also sold at a 100 yen store.
It was also used as medicine.
It was always about control, never about children.
It was always because of you.
It was always dark there.
It was always easy for us to get along with Tom.
It was always easy to approach that teacher for advice.
It was always interesting to me, how it is to have brothers and sisters.
It was always like that.
It was always like this.
It was always my opinion that all women should marry, but not all men.
It was always so.
It was always the image of the Master of Ravenswood, with his native nobleness of countenance and form, that seemed to interpose betwixt her and assured death.
It was always tough living in southern Algeria.
It was always very clear.
It was amazing to be alone.
It was amazing to meet you in real life!
It was amazing.
It was amazingly easy.
It was amusing.
It was an April Fool's joke.
It was an October morning.
It was an accident that was waiting to happen.
It was an accident!
It was an accident, Tom.
It was an accident.
It was an accident. I didn't mean to.
It was an accidental meeting.
It was an acquired taste.
It was an act of God.
It was an act of antisemitism.
It was an act of courage.
It was an act of desperation.
It was an act of friendship.
It was an act of love.
It was an act of terrorism.
It was an action-packed film!
It was an advantage having learned Chinese while I was in school.
It was an adventure at first, but the novelty soon wore off.
It was an adventure going down the river on a raft.
It was an adventurous day in the Amazon today. The boat ride through the Amazon river was truly something special.
It was an afternoon Truman would never forget.
It was an afternoon that Tom would never forget.
It was an agricultural area.
It was an amazing discovery.
It was an amazing evening.
It was an amazing experience.
It was an amazing feeling.
It was an amazing game.
It was an amazing movie.
It was an amazing night.
It was an amazing place.
It was an amazing trip.
It was an ambush.
It was an angry hare.
It was an anonymous tip-off that allowed the police to catch the terrorists.
It was an arduous trip.
It was an argument of little substance.
It was an armed robbery.
It was an assassination attempt.
It was an avoidable mistake.
It was an awesome accomplishment.
It was an awesome feeling.
It was an awful accident.
It was an awful day for me too.
It was an awful film.
It was an awful movie.
It was an awful performance.
It was an awful sight.
It was an awful week.
It was an awfully warm night.
It was an awkward moment.
It was an easy choice.
It was an easy decision.
It was an easy question to answer.
It was an easy win.
It was an embarrassing episode.
It was an embarrassing fiasco.
It was an embarrassing moment.
It was an emergency call from Tom.
It was an emergency.
It was an emotional day for us all.
It was an emotional day.
It was an empty cave.
It was an enjoyable week.
It was an enormous increase.
It was an epic fail.
It was an era before the Internet.
It was an era of explosive growth in scientific ideas and techniques, suffused with a creative urge engendered by new philosophical insights and the excitement of discovery.
It was an era of lawlessness.
It was an event that occurred only rarely.
It was an event that proved extraordinary.
It was an everyday day.
It was an evil book.
It was an evil bunny.
It was an excellent editorial.
It was an excellent game.
It was an excellent performance.
It was an excellent plan.
It was an excellent start.
It was an exception.
It was an exciting game.
It was an exciting story and he told it well.
It was an exhilarating experience.
It was an exhilarating feeling.
It was an exotic trip I'd long dreamed of.
It was an experience.
It was an experiment.
It was an extraordinary moment.
It was an extraordinary year.
It was an extremely confusing time.
It was an extremely cruel war.
It was an extremely fancy wedding with crisp white serviettes in engraved silver rings at each place setting.
It was an extremely narrow majority.
It was an extremely stupid thing to do.
It was an eye-opener for all of us.
It was an eye-opener.
It was an eye-opening experience.
It was an honest mistake.
It was an honor to have worked with you.
It was an honor to work with you all.
It was an honor.
It was an honour to work with you.
It was an ideal day for walking.
It was an idiotic idea.
It was an ill-conceived idea. I don't know why you thought you could pull it off.
It was an immediate success.
It was an imposing porticoed house at which we stopped, and the heavily-curtained windows gave every indication of wealth upon the part of this formidable Professor.
It was an impossible task.
It was an improvisation.
It was an impulse buy.
It was an inappropriate analogy.
It was an incredible experience.
It was an incredible game.
It was an incredible job.
It was an incredible moment.
It was an incredible place.
It was an incredible shot.
It was an incredible sight.
It was an indescribable situation.
It was an infinite relief to her to be able to breathe the freer and more generous air of the metropolis (where people scarcely know the names of their next-door neighbours, much less their business, and find enough to do in attending to their own concerns) after having lived for so long a time under the prying eyes of the gossipmongers of Iselford.
It was an informal meeting.
It was an innocent mistake.
It was an innocent question.
It was an inopportune moment.
It was an insane comment.
It was an inside job.
It was an instant connection.
It was an instant hit.
It was an intense experience.
It was an interesting debate.
It was an interesting dream.
It was an interesting movie.
It was an interesting night.
It was an interesting thing to watch.
It was an intricate scheme to defraud the rightful heirs.
It was an intriguing situation.
It was an invention.
It was an object of terror.
It was an oblong shape.
It was an obvious conclusion, but it was absolutely wrong.
It was an odious face—crafty, vicious, malignant, with shifty, light-grey eyes and white lashes.
It was an offer I couldn't refuse.
It was an offer Tom couldn't refuse.
It was an offer that I couldn't refuse.
It was an offer too good for Fadil to refuse.
It was an offer too good for Sami to refuse.
It was an offer we couldn't refuse.
It was an old car.
It was an old man that was hit by the black car.
It was an ordinary day like any other.
It was an ordinary house, nothing special.
It was an ordinary year, no especial disappointments. Just the run of the mill goings-on of a dual-income household.
It was an overnight sensation.
It was an overreaction.
It was an oversight.
It was an overt provocation.
It was an overwhelming feeling to be able to see again.
It was an own goal.
It was an understandable accusation.
It was an understandable decision.
It was an unexpected opportunity.
It was an unfavorable day for baseball.
It was an unforgettable adventure, filled with excitement, joy, and a sense of wonder.
It was an unforgettable experience.
It was an unforgettable holiday.
It was an unforgettable meeting.
It was an unforgettable vacation.
It was an unforgivable mistake.
It was an unfortunate accident.
It was an unfortunate choice.
It was an unfortunate incident.
It was an unfortunate mistake.
It was an unhinged post.
It was an unjust sentence.
It was an unlawful order.
It was an unplanned pregnancy.
It was an unpleasant sight.
It was an unrequited love.
It was an unusually mild winter.
It was an unusually warm day.
It was an unwise decision to try to vilify the beloved singer.
It was an uphill battle.
It was an uphill struggle.
It was an upset.
It was an utter disaster.
It was announced that a typhoon was approaching Kyushu.
It was announced that the athletic meet would be put off.
It was announced that the meeting would be put off.
It was announced that there is a high possibility of the fuel within the nuclear reactor of Nuclear Plant 1 melting.
It was annoying, as the manager took his team to a near-miss in the tournament.
It was annoying.
It was another hollow promise.
It was another perfect day.
It was another very hot day.
It was anything but pleasant.
It was apparent that he did not understand what I had said.
It was apparent that someone had taken the money by mistake.
It was apparent that there was no way out.
It was apparent to everybody that our team was stronger.
It was apparently Karl's second time in Algiers.
It was apparently the work of a hungry bear.
It was apparently this dairy which was destroyed by a falling tree in a strong windstorm in October of 1846.
It was apprehended not as a gratitude but as an insult.
It was approved last October.
It was approved.
It was around eight last night when the meeting broke up.
It was around five in the afternoon.
It was around lunchtime.
It was around midday.
It was around noon when he reached the town.
It was around the end of the month of April.
It was arson.
It was as beautiful as ever.
It was as clear as day that Shinji would die from hunger.
It was as easy as pie.
It was as gloomy inside the mansion as the sunlight was dazzling outside.
It was as hard as rock.
It was as hard as stone.
It was as hot as an oven.
It was as if Daniel was in a parallel universe.
It was as if I couldn't get enough air.
It was as if I heard someone screaming.
It was as if I only used half of my lung capacity.
It was as if I wasn't alone.
It was as if Tom had read my mind.
It was as if Tom never left.
It was as if he evaporated into nothingness, leaving everyone bewildered and perplexed.
It was as if his hug was a shield, protecting me from all the world's worries.
It was as if the devil was chasing after him.
It was as if the earth were to disappear from under his feet.
It was as if the ground had swallowed him up.
It was as if they considered me one of them.
It was as if we were watching a film playing in slow motion.
It was as if we were watching a slow-motion film.
It was as though the dogs were afraid of something.
It was as though time had frozen.
It was as though we were watching a slow-motion film.
It was as useless as a chocolate teapot.
It was astonishing.
It was at Oxford University that Tom studied history.
It was at once clear that a daring and gigantic robbery had been committed.
It was at school.
It was at that point that the problem developed.
It was at that very moment that the bomb went off.
It was at the front door.
It was at this moment Tom knew he fucked up.
It was at this university that he studied history.
It was attractive.
It was autumn.
It was awesome to meet you in real life!
It was awesome.
It was awful.
It was awfully cold that night.
It was awfully funny.
It was awfully hot yesterday.
It was awfully nice of you to do that for us.
It was awfully strange.
It was awkward at first.
It was bad enough that he usually came to work late, but coming in drunk was the last straw, and I'm going to have to let him go.
It was bad enough that he usually came to work late, but coming in drunk was the last straw, and I’m going to have to let him go.
It was bad of you to get angry at your wife.
It was bad that they did that.
It was bad.
It was barely 4:30.
It was beautiful in the country, it was summer-time; the wheat was yellow, the oats were green, the hay was stacked up in the green meadow.
It was beautiful to see how they moved with so much coordination.
It was beautiful, all this that she saw, and it pleased her; but she felt, also, the wisdom and mastery behind.
It was beautiful.
It was because I loved her that I wanted to marry her.
It was because I was ill that I couldn't go to school yesterday.
It was because I was ill that I couldn’t go to school yesterday.
It was because I was so busy.
It was because he was ill that he decided to return home.
It was because he was ill that we decided to return.
It was because he was injured that he decided to return to America.
It was because he was sick that he decided to return home.
It was because of Ziri that Rima got shouted at like that.
It was because of her that he lived so miserably.
It was because of my study of theology that I became an atheist.
It was because of the accident that I was late for school.
It was because of the storm that the trains were halted.
It was because of them that he began to explore Islam more deeply.
It was because of them that he began to explore Islam.
It was because she had faith in his capabilities.
It was becoming clear that the Union was going to win.
It was bedlam at the airport.
It was bedlam!
It was before dawn that they got the fire under control.
It was before my time.
It was before your time.
It was beginner's luck.
It was beginning to get dark.
It was beginning to snow.
It was believed that evil spirits would return to earth on the last day of the year.
It was believed that she had graduated from Yale University.
It was believed that the earth was flat.
It was believed that the emperor's position was bestowed by the gods.
It was believed that the success of their crops depended on the way the players threw or kicked the ball during the game.
It was believed that the sun went around the earth.
It was believed that whales were fish.
It was below freezing last night.
It was below freezing this morning when I got up.
It was below zero at the time.
It was below zero last night.
It was below zero this morning, but I cycled to school anyway.
It was below zero this morning, but I cycled to school.
It was below zero this morning, but I still cycled to school.
It was best for Ziri to stay away from Rima.
It was better before anything that happened after.
It was better in the old days.
It was better not to irritate Ziri.
It was beyond my control.
It was beyond our control.
It was beyond their control.
It was big.
It was bitterly cold in Boston.
It was bitterly cold in Washington.
It was bitterly cold outside.
It was bitterly cold.
It was bizarre.
It was black.
It was blistering cold.
It was blowing hard all night.
It was boredom that Aldous Huxley considered one of the most dangerous human conditions.
It was boring.
It was both demoralizing and revealing.
It was both energizing and exhausting.
It was bound to happen and finally it did.
It was bound to happen some day.
It was bound to happen sometime.
It was bound to happen sooner or later.
It was bound to happen that way.
It was bound to happen.
It was bound, Clarissa used to think, to end in some awful tragedy; her death; her martyrdom; instead of which she had married, quite unexpectedly, a bald man with a large buttonhole who owned, it was said, cotton mills at Manchester.
It was brave of you to go into the burning house.
It was brave to stay here.
It was brief.
It was broad daylight when Anne awoke and sat up in bed, staring confusedly at the window through which a flood of cheery sunshine was pouring.
It was broad daylight when I woke up.
It was broken so I threw it out.
It was broken.
It was brought home to me how important education is.
It was brutal out there.
It was bucketing down.
It was bucketing it down.
It was built about 500 years ago.
It was built before I was born.
It was built by working men and women who dug into what little savings they had to give $5 and $10 and $20 to the cause.
It was built five hundred years ago.
It was built in 1961.
It was built more than 500 years ago.
It was built more than three hundred years ago.
It was built to last.
It was bulky.
It was by chance that I found this book.
It was by no means a utopia.
It was by no means a walk in the park.
It was by no means unanimous but your proposal was selected.
It was by no means unanimous, but your proposal was selected.
It was calculated that hundreds of workers would have to work a hundred hours to make a mistake as enormous as that which a computer can make in a millionth of a second.
It was called Judea then.
It was calm.
It was calming.
It was canceled.
It was cancelled.
It was captivating.
It was careless of Tom to do that.
It was careless of Tom to leave his umbrella on the train.
It was careless of Tom to leave the door unlocked.
It was careless of Tom to leave the key in the ignition.
It was careless of her to forget it.
It was careless of her to go out alone.
It was careless of her to leave her umbrella in the bus.
It was careless of her to leave the door unlocked when she went out.
It was careless of him to go to bed with the TV on.
It was careless of him to leave the door open.
It was careless of him to make such a mistake.
It was careless of me to do something like that.
It was careless of me to forget to answer your letter.
It was careless of me to forget to lock the door.
It was careless of me to leave my umbrella in the train.
It was careless of me to leave the gas on.
It was careless of you to forget your homework.
It was careless of you to leave the door unlocked.
It was careless of you to leave the key in the car.
It was careless of you to leave the key in your car.
It was careless of you to leave your bag.
It was careless of you to leave your camera in the taxi.
It was careless of you to leave your umbrella in the taxi.
It was careless of you to leave your umbrella on the train.
It was careless of you to lose my car key.
It was careless of you to lose the important documents.
It was careless of you to lose the key.
It was careless of you to miss the bus.
It was carved from a piece of pine wood, cut and sanded into the shape of a heart.
It was cathartic to finally watch him get the scolding he deserved.
It was certain that he saw her there on a certain day.
It was chaotic.
It was charming to see how these girls danced. They had no spectators but the apple-pickers on the ladders.
It was charming to see how these girls danced. They had no spectators but the apple-pickers on the ladders. They were very glad to please them, but they danced to please themselves (or at least you would have supposed so); and you could no more help admiring, than they could help dancing. How they did dance!
It was cheaper than I had thought it would be.
It was cheaper than I thought it would be.
It was cheaper than I thought.
It was cheaper than I'd thought it would be.
It was cheesy.
It was child's play.
It was childish of Tom to do that.
It was childish of him to behave like that.
It was chilly out there.
It was chilly out, since it was late fall.
It was chilly that day.
It was chilly.
It was chocka in there.
It was civil disobedience by labor that gave us our current rights.
It was civil of him to offer his seat to the old man.
It was clean.
It was clear Tom and Mary were in love with each other.
It was clear Tom did that all the time.
It was clear Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
It was clear Tom didn't know he didn't really have to do that.
It was clear Tom didn't know he didn't really need to do that.
It was clear Tom didn't know how to do that.
It was clear Tom didn't know that he didn't really have to do that.
It was clear Tom didn't know that he didn't really need to do that.
It was clear Tom didn't know that we were the ones who had done that.
It was clear Tom didn't know that you had done that.
It was clear Tom didn't know that you were the one who had done that.
It was clear Tom didn't know that you were the ones who had done that.
It was clear Tom didn't know we were the ones who had done that.
It was clear Tom didn't know you had done that.
It was clear Tom didn't know you were the one who had done that.
It was clear Tom didn't know you were the ones who had done that.
It was clear Tom didn't need me to do that.
It was clear Tom didn't plan to do that yesterday.
It was clear Tom didn't plan to do that.
It was clear Tom didn't really enjoy doing that by himself.
It was clear Tom didn't want me to do that.
It was clear Tom didn't want to do that again.
It was clear Tom didn't want to do that by himself.
It was clear Tom didn't want to do that here.
It was clear Tom didn't want to do that today.
It was clear Tom didn't want to do that.
It was clear Tom had agreed to do that.
It was clear Tom had already done that.
It was clear Tom had already tried to do that.
It was clear Tom had been doing that.
It was clear Tom had done that by himself.
It was clear Tom had done that for us.
It was clear Tom had done that.
It was clear Tom had forgotten to do that.
It was clear Tom had intended to do that yesterday.
It was clear Tom had never actually done that.
It was clear Tom hadn't agreed to do that.
It was clear Tom hadn't done that yet.
It was clear Tom hadn't gotten around to doing that yet.
It was clear Tom hadn't intended to do that.
It was clear Tom liked doing that by himself.
It was clear Tom liked doing that.
It was clear Tom was already finished doing that.
It was clear Tom was better at doing that than I was.
It was clear Tom was capable of doing that.
It was clear Tom was desperate to do that.
It was clear Tom was determined to do that.
It was clear Tom was expecting Mary to do that for him.
It was clear Tom was expecting you to do that for Mary.
It was clear Tom was expecting you to do that for him.
It was clear Tom was expecting you to do that.
It was clear Tom was going to be able to do that.
It was clear Tom was going to be the one to do that.
It was clear Tom was going to be the one who had to do that.
It was clear Tom was going to do that for Mary.
It was clear Tom was going to do that for me.
It was clear Tom was going to do that for us.
It was clear Tom was going to do that with Mary.
It was clear Tom was going to do that.
It was clear Tom was going to enjoy doing that.
It was clear Tom was hesitant to do that.
It was clear Tom was interested in doing that.
It was clear Tom was lying.
It was clear Tom was motivated to do that.
It was clear Tom was ready to do that.
It was clear Tom was reluctant to do that.
It was clear Tom was supposed to be doing that.
It was clear Tom was supposed to do that by himself.
It was clear Tom was supposed to do that this morning.
It was clear Tom was supposed to do that yesterday.
It was clear Tom was supposed to do that.
It was clear Tom was supposed to help Mary do that.
It was clear Tom was supposed to help me do that.
It was clear Tom was supposed to help us do that.
It was clear Tom was tempted to do that.
It was clear Tom was the one who did that.
It was clear Tom was the one who had done that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was going to do that for Mary.
It was clear Tom was the one who was going to do that with Mary.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to do that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to show Mary how to do that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't have to do that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't need to do that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she had to do that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needed to do that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary to do that.
It was clear Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what to do.
It was clear Tom was the only one who wanted to do that.
It was clear Tom was too tired to do that.
It was clear Tom was too weak to do that.
It was clear Tom was upset.
It was clear Tom wasn't capable of doing that.
It was clear Tom wasn't going to be able to do that without our help.
It was clear Tom wasn't going to be able to do that.
It was clear Tom wasn't going to be able to keep Mary from doing that.
It was clear Tom wasn't going to do that yesterday.
It was clear Tom wasn't going to do that.
It was clear Tom wasn't going to do what Mary asked him to do.
It was clear Tom wasn't ready to do that.
It was clear Tom would allow Mary to do that.
It was clear Tom would be allowed to do that.
It was clear Tom wouldn't be able to do that without some help.
It was clear Tom wouldn't do that by himself.
It was clear Tom wouldn't have to do that.
It was clear Tom wouldn't need to do that.
It was clear Tom wouldn't refuse to do that.
It was clear from the beginning it was a terrorist attack.
It was clear from the beginning that it was a terrorist attack.
It was clear from the mess in his room that he had been in a hurry when he left.
It was clear from the outset that the discussion would end again in argument.
It was clear he was lying.
It was clear he was nervous.
It was clear now that Tom was a vampire.
It was clear that Fadil and Layla were involved in a whirlwind romance.
It was clear that Hanako did not wish to marry Taro.
It was clear that Hawking would live longer than was first thought.
It was clear that Tom and Mary were in love with each other.
It was clear that Tom did that all the time.
It was clear that Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
It was clear that Tom didn't know he didn't really have to do that.
It was clear that Tom didn't know he didn't really need to do that.
It was clear that Tom didn't know how to do that.
It was clear that Tom didn't know that he didn't really have to do that.
It was clear that Tom didn't know that he didn't really need to do that.
It was clear that Tom didn't know that we were the ones who had done that.
It was clear that Tom didn't know that you had done that.
It was clear that Tom didn't know that you were the one who had done that.
It was clear that Tom didn't know that you were the ones who had done that.
It was clear that Tom didn't know we were the ones who had done that.
It was clear that Tom didn't know you had done that.
It was clear that Tom didn't know you were the one who had done that.
It was clear that Tom didn't know you were the ones who had done that.
It was clear that Tom didn't need me to do that.
It was clear that Tom didn't plan to do that yesterday.
It was clear that Tom didn't plan to do that.
It was clear that Tom didn't really enjoy doing that by himself.
It was clear that Tom didn't want me to do that.
It was clear that Tom didn't want to do that again.
It was clear that Tom didn't want to do that by himself.
It was clear that Tom didn't want to do that here.
It was clear that Tom didn't want to do that today.
It was clear that Tom didn't want to do that.
It was clear that Tom didn't want to help us.
It was clear that Tom didn't want to leave.
It was clear that Tom didn't want to sing.
It was clear that Tom didn't want to talk to Mary.
It was clear that Tom had agreed to do that.
It was clear that Tom had already done that.
It was clear that Tom had already tried to do that.
It was clear that Tom had been doing that.
It was clear that Tom had done that by himself.
It was clear that Tom had done that for us.
It was clear that Tom had done that.
It was clear that Tom had forgotten to do that.
It was clear that Tom had intended to do that yesterday.
It was clear that Tom had never actually done that.
It was clear that Tom hadn't agreed to do that.
It was clear that Tom hadn't done that yet.
It was clear that Tom hadn't gotten around to doing that yet.
It was clear that Tom hadn't intended to do that.
It was clear that Tom liked doing that by himself.
It was clear that Tom liked doing that.
It was clear that Tom was already finished doing that.
It was clear that Tom was better at doing that than I was.
It was clear that Tom was capable of doing that.
It was clear that Tom was desperate to do that.
It was clear that Tom was determined to do that.
It was clear that Tom was expecting Mary to do that for him.
It was clear that Tom was expecting you to do that for Mary.
It was clear that Tom was expecting you to do that for him.
It was clear that Tom was expecting you to do that.
It was clear that Tom was going to be able to do that.
It was clear that Tom was going to be the one to do that.
It was clear that Tom was going to be the one who had to do that.
It was clear that Tom was going to do that for Mary.
It was clear that Tom was going to do that for me.
It was clear that Tom was going to do that for us.
It was clear that Tom was going to do that with Mary.
It was clear that Tom was going to do that.
It was clear that Tom was going to enjoy doing that.
It was clear that Tom was hesitant to do that.
It was clear that Tom was interested in doing that.
It was clear that Tom was lying.
It was clear that Tom was motivated to do that.
It was clear that Tom was ready to do that.
It was clear that Tom was reluctant to do that.
It was clear that Tom was supposed to be doing that.
It was clear that Tom was supposed to do that by himself.
It was clear that Tom was supposed to do that this morning.
It was clear that Tom was supposed to do that yesterday.
It was clear that Tom was supposed to do that.
It was clear that Tom was supposed to help Mary do that.
It was clear that Tom was supposed to help me do that.
It was clear that Tom was supposed to help us do that.
It was clear that Tom was tempted to do that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who did that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who had done that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was going to do that for Mary.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was going to do that with Mary.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to do that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to show Mary how to do that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't have to do that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't need to do that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she had to do that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needed to do that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary to do that.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what to do.
It was clear that Tom was the only one who wanted to do that.
It was clear that Tom was too tired to do that.
It was clear that Tom was too weak to do that.
It was clear that Tom was upset.
It was clear that Tom wasn't capable of doing that.
It was clear that Tom wasn't going to be able to do that without our help.
It was clear that Tom wasn't going to be able to do that.
It was clear that Tom wasn't going to be able to keep Mary from doing that.
It was clear that Tom wasn't going to do that yesterday.
It was clear that Tom wasn't going to do that.
It was clear that Tom wasn't going to do what Mary asked him to do.
It was clear that Tom wasn't ready to do that.
It was clear that Tom would allow Mary to do that.
It was clear that Tom would be allowed to do that.
It was clear that Tom wouldn't be able to do that without some help.
It was clear that Tom wouldn't do that by himself.
It was clear that Tom wouldn't have to do that.
It was clear that Tom wouldn't need to do that.
It was clear that Tom wouldn't refuse to do that.
It was clear that he wanted something from me, but he wouldn't tell me what it was.
It was clear that he was shocked.
It was clear that he went there.
It was clear that no one had been there for years.
It was clear that she was not concerned with the matter.
It was clear that the lazy student would never live up to his family's expectations.
It was clear that the lazy student would never live up to his family’s expectations.
It was clear that the old oddball had to do everything differently again.
It was clear that they didn't understand us.
It was clear to Tom that Mary wasn't going to change her mind.
It was clear to everyone that the vote would be close.
It was clear to me that Tom wouldn't help us.
It was clear to me that you were next to me.
It was clear to me that you were on my side.
It was clear to us that Tom was lying.
It was clear what Tom was going to do.
It was clear what he meant to do.
It was clear what he was trying to go.
It was clear what the poet wanted to say.
It was clear, however, that Straker had defended himself vigorously against his assailants, for in his right hand he held a small knife, which was clotted with blood up to the handle, while in his left he clasped a red and black silk cravat.
It was clear.
It was clearly a foul.
It was clearly a problem then and it still is.
It was clearly off limits.
It was clearly some type of mistake.
It was clearly something else.
It was clever of Bob to solve that problem.
It was clever of you to tell him that.
It was close to 10 o'clock.
It was close to 2:30 by the time Tom reached Mary's house.
It was close to 2:30 by the time Tom reached Mary’s house.
It was close to three o'clock.
It was close upon twelve before I heard the sharp sound of his latch-key.
It was cloudy all day long today.
It was cloudy all day today.
It was cloudy all day yesterday.
It was cloudy all day.
It was cloudy and rainy outside.
It was cloudy that night.
It was cloudy yesterday.
It was cloudy, and it rained now and then.
It was cloudy, so I took an umbrella with me.
It was cloudy, with occasional rain.
It was cloudy, with scattered rain showers.
It was cloudy.
It was cold and cloudy.
It was cold and dark.
It was cold and grey all month.
It was cold and it looked like I may catch a cold.
It was cold and it looked like I may have caught a cold.
It was cold and it seemed like I had caught a cold.
It was cold and it seemed like I may have caught a cold.
It was cold and it seemed like I would catch a cold.
It was cold and misty.
It was cold and we got a fire going.
It was cold and windy to boot.
It was cold at dawn, so I put on another blanket.
It was cold at night.
It was cold here through March.
It was cold in Boston last night.
It was cold in Boston.
It was cold in the infirmary.
It was cold in the sickbay.
It was cold in the summer of this year.
It was cold last night, yet he didn't wear a coat.
It was cold last night, yet he didn’t wear a coat.
It was cold last night.
It was cold outside, and my hands got numb.
It was cold outside.
It was cold that day, and it started to rain.
It was cold that day, and moreover it began to rain.
It was cold this morning when I left the house.
It was cold this morning.
It was cold today.
It was cold up there.
It was cold yesterday, but it is still colder today.
It was cold yesterday, but it's even colder today.
It was cold yesterday, wasn't it?
It was cold yesterday.
It was cold, and in addition, it was windy.
It was cold, and, in addition, it was windy.
It was cold, so I put a jacket on.
It was cold, so I put my jacket on.
It was cold, so I put on a jacket.
It was cold, so I put on my jacket.
It was cold, so we lit a fire.
It was cold.
It was cold. I had to put a jumper on.
It was cold; I had to put a jumper on.
It was colder than I thought it was going to be. I made the right call dressing warm.
It was colder yesterday than today.
It was colder yesterday.
It was comfortable.
It was competitive.
It was complete mayhem.
It was completely astonishing, as you would expect.
It was completely coincidental.
It was completely crushed.
It was completely dark in the cave.
It was completely dark inside.
It was completely dark outside.
It was completely dark.
It was completely inane.
It was completely intolerable.
It was completely pitch black in there.
It was completely pitch black.
It was completely pointless.
It was completely quiet outside.
It was completely silent on the bus.
It was complicated.
It was confidential.
It was confirmed that bilateral negotiations are the most effective format for resolving all issues related to the normalization process, and it was agreed to continue such a result-oriented dialogue on this basis.
It was confirmed that the body found was Janos's.
It was confusing to me.
It was consensual.
It was considered a sin for humans to forget their place, either by behaving like inferior animals or by eyeing a higher position than the one that was given to them by the creator.
It was constructed in 2013.
It was contrary to what I had expected.
It was convenient.
It was convincing.
It was cool getting to know you, Tom.
It was cool in the shade of the trees.
It was cool this morning.
It was cool to work there.
It was cool, not to say cold last night.
It was cool, not to say, cold last night.
It was cool.
It was correct.
It was courteous of him to write a letter of thanks.
It was covered with dirt.
It was cowardly, and I'm sorry.
It was crazy for you to go outside during a storm like that.
It was crazy of him to try swimming in that freezing water.
It was crazy what happened to Tom.
It was crazy what happened with Tom.
It was crazy.
It was creepy down there.
It was creepy out there.
It was creepy.
It was crowded here all last week.
It was crowded in the car.
It was crowded.
It was cruel and unjustifiable.
It was cruel of him to beat his dog.
It was cruel of him to say such things to her.
It was cruel.
It was cumbersome.
It was curious that Tom didn't do that.
It was cut.
It was damn near one in the morning.
It was damn near one.
It was dangerous duty.
It was dangerous.
It was dark again.
It was dark and I couldn't make out the license plate number.
It was dark and I couldn't see anything.
It was dark and I couldn't see what Tom was doing.
It was dark and Yanni could barely see the driveway.
It was dark and cold in the room.
It was dark and completely silent.
It was dark and dusty.
It was dark and raining outside.
It was dark blue.
It was dark but when Ziri squinted, he saw a dark figure moving around his car.
It was dark by the time I got home.
It was dark by the time Tom got home.
It was dark by the time Yanni arrived in Algiers.
It was dark by the time Ziri was getting back home.
It was dark by the time we arrived.
It was dark by the time we got to the sea.
It was dark by then.
It was dark green.
It was dark in the American house.
It was dark in the forest.
It was dark in the room when Tom came to.
It was dark in the room.
It was dark out.
It was dark there, but not the kind of dark where you can't see anything.
It was dark under the bridge.
It was dark when I got back home.
It was dark when I got to the hotel.
It was dark when I reached the hotel.
It was dark when he came in.
It was dark when we arrived at the village.
It was dark when we arrived in the village.
It was dark when we reached the hotel.
It was dark, and I could not make out who was coming along the road.
It was dark, so Tom had trouble reading the street sign.
It was dark, wasn't it?
It was dark.
It was dark. Tom was afraid.
It was dawning.
It was daytime.
It was dead awkward.
It was dead out there.
It was dead quiet.
It was dead silent. You could hear a pin drop.
It was deafeningly loud in the disco.
It was dearer than I thought it would be, but it tasted amazingly good.
It was debatable whether the dirt she viewed was mindless.
It was deceitful to pretend you didn't know about the accident.
It was decent.
It was deceptive.
It was decided by the smallest margin.
It was decided not to postpone the referendum, which is due to take place next Sunday.
It was decided that Tom should do that.
It was decided that he should be sent for at once.
It was decided that the ball game be put off.
It was decided that the manager, as the company's representative, would go overseas on business trips once a week.
It was decided that the manager, as the company’s representative, would go overseas on business trips once a week.
It was decided that the new political party's name would be "Policy over Politics".
It was decided that the old building be pulled down.
It was decided to dismantle the cobblestones.
It was decided to unite the national organizations in Thrace and Anatolia and to gather a united and powerful committee in Sivas, which is a reliable place to announce the voice of the nation to the world with all its luster.
It was declared a state of emergency once the hurricane hit.
It was definitely Taco Tuesday.
It was definitely Tom that I saw yesterday in the park.
It was definitely Tom's fault.
It was definitely a hoax.
It was definitely a relief.
It was definitely different.
It was definitely embarrassing.
It was definitely frustrating.
It was definitely not a hyena.
It was definitely on my mind.
It was definitely shocking.
It was definitely surprising.
It was definitely very enjoyable.
It was deliberate.
It was delicious.
It was demanded that I tell him the truth.
It was depressing to watch.
It was depressing.
It was designed by Tom.
It was destiny.
It was destroyed.
It was determined that faulty wiring was the cause of the fire.
It was determined that the picking of one's nose is a completely normal act for adolescent boys.
It was determined that the picking of one’s nose is a completely normal act for adolescent boys.
It was determined that the plane crashed due to pilot error.
It was different.
It was difficult at that time to become acquainted with the history of a Scottish family above the lower rank; and strange things sometimes took place there, into which even the law did not scrupulously inquire.
It was difficult for King John to keep control over all of his rivals.
It was difficult for Tom to convince Mary to do that.
It was difficult for Tom to do that.
It was difficult for Tom to win.
It was difficult for Vladimir to speak.
It was difficult for a girl with her face and figure to make it across the dance floor without bumping, by only the purest of accidents, into one rouÃ© or another.
It was difficult for a girl with her face and figure to make it across the dance floor without bumping, by only the purest of accidents, into one roué or another.
It was difficult for him to hide his pride in his success.
It was difficult for me to become a starting player.
It was difficult for me to concentrate.
It was difficult for me to do that.
It was difficult for me to find the entrance to that building.
It was difficult for me to make a decision.
It was difficult for me to make out what he was saying.
It was difficult for me.
It was difficult for us to decide which one to buy.
It was difficult for us to figure out how it works.
It was difficult for you to do that, wasn't it?
It was difficult for you, wasn't it?
It was difficult getting the kids to go to bed.
It was difficult studying Esperanto.
It was difficult to answer that question.
It was difficult to breathe.
It was difficult to carry out the plan.
It was difficult to convince him to cancel the trip.
It was difficult to do that.
It was difficult to fall asleep immediately.
It was difficult to fall asleep.
It was difficult to find a job.
It was difficult to fix.
It was difficult to get started.
It was difficult to keep up the conversation.
It was difficult to live on his meager earnings.
It was difficult to make this decision.
It was difficult to obtain.
It was difficult to persuade Tom to change his mind.
It was difficult to persuade him to cancel the trip.
It was difficult to persuade him to change his mind.
It was difficult to pull off the towel she had put across the windscreen because it had frozen solid to the wipers.
It was difficult to remove the coffee stain.
It was difficult to restrain myself from smothering Tom.
It was difficult to solve this puzzle.
It was difficult to study Croatian.
It was difficult to study Dutch.
It was difficult to study Mirandese.
It was difficult to swallow such a large pill.
It was difficult to tell if Tom was in his room.
It was difficult, but Tom didn't complain.
It was difficult.
It was dirty like everything else in the room.
It was disappointing that nobody ate the expensive sushi I had served.
It was disappointing to hear about the privatization of Chilean copper.
It was disappointing to lose.
It was disappointing.
It was disastrous.
It was disconcerting.
It was discouraging.
It was discovered by Tom.
It was discovered in 2013.
It was discovered quite accidentally.
It was discovered that Layla was pregnant.
It was discovered that less than one child in a hundred had been inoculated against endemic disease.
It was discreet of you to keep it a secret from Tom.
It was discreet of you to keep it a secret from him.
It was disgraceful.
It was disgusting.
It was disheartening.
It was disturbing.
It was done before.
It was done in a hurry.
It was done in a rush.
It was down to her that he lived so miserably.
It was dreadful weather.
It was dreadful.
It was driving me crazy.
It was driving you crazy, wasn't it?
It was drizzling softly.
It was drizzling this morning.
It was drizzling.
It was dry, colorless, and well-worn.
It was due a week ago, namely on April second.
It was during my college years that I took up tennis.
It was during the frightening time of war, so thinking there might be Northern soldiers in the area, my father and two other men were appointed to scout around.
It was during the ice age that the saber-toothed tiger became extinct.
It was during the rainy season three years ago that Tom first met Mary.
It was early in April in the year '83 that I woke one morning to find Sherlock Holmes standing, fully dressed, by the side of my bed.
It was early noon and lunch time.
It was early spring, so there weren't many customers.
It was early spring, so there weren’t many customers.
It was easier said than done.
It was easier than I thought it would be.
It was easier than I thought that it would be.
It was easier than it first appeared.
It was easier than it seemed at first glance.
It was easier than it seemed at first sight.
It was easier to do than I had expected.
It was easier to do that than I expected it to be.
It was easier to do that than I expected.
It was easier to do that than I thought it would be.
It was easier to do that than Tom said it would be.
It was easily resolved.
It was easy for David to say that because it wasn't his issue.
It was easy for Fadil and Dania to have a love connection.
It was easy for Fadil to hide his wicked ways.
It was easy for John to say.
It was easy for Mary to convince Tom to help her.
It was easy for Nemesio to climb up the pine trees, although he always did it extra carefully, because sometimes the bark peeled off easily.
It was easy for Sami to hide his wicked ways.
It was easy for Tom and Mary to convince John to help them.
It was easy for Tom to convince Mary to do that.
It was easy for Tom to convince Mary to help him.
It was easy for Tom to do that.
It was easy for Tom to make friends.
It was easy for Tom to win.
It was easy for Tom, but not for us.
It was easy for Tom. For us, it was difficult though.
It was easy for Tom. However, it was difficult for us.
It was easy for Ziri to enter the place.
It was easy for her to find a job.
It was easy for him to answer the questions on the quiz.
It was easy for him to answer the quiz.
It was easy for him to find a job.
It was easy for him to solve the problem.
It was easy for me to convince Tom to do that.
It was easy for me to do so.
It was easy for me to do that.
It was easy for me to find water.
It was easy for me to solve the problem.
It was easy for the large dog to overpower the small one.
It was easy for them to be famous all over the world.
It was easy for them to find a hotel.
It was easy for them.
It was easy for us to do that.
It was easy for us to find Jane.
It was easy for you to do that, wasn't it?
It was easy for you to find a taxi.
It was easy for you to solve the problem, wasn't it?
It was easy to answer.
It was easy to do that.
It was easy to do this.
It was easy to find Tom's house.
It was easy to find Tom's office.
It was easy to find his office.
It was easy to find seats in the train because there were so few passengers.
It was easy to find seats on the train because there were so few passengers.
It was easy to fix.
It was easy to obtain.
It was easy to see she didn't like her daughter very much.
It was easy to solve that problem.
It was easy to steal drugs from the hospital.
It was easy.
It was effective.
It was effortless.
It was eight and it was already pitch black outside.
It was eight meters long.
It was eight metres long.
It was eight o'clock and the mosquitoes were out in full force.
It was eighty meters long.
It was eighty metres long.
It was either a Wednesday or a Thursday night.
It was eleven o'clock and it was completely dark.
It was eleven o'clock when the Varig plane arrived.
It was embarrassing the way my parents bragged about me at the concert.
It was embarrassing.
It was empty in there.
It was empty.
It was enjoyable to work with her.
It was enjoyable.
It was enjoyed.
It was enough for Tom.
It was enough to draw my attention.
It was enough.
It was enticing.
It was entirely Tom's fault.
It was entirely by accident I found out what Tom was doing.
It was entirely by accident that I found out what Tom was doing.
It was entirely by chance that I found out what he was doing.
It was entirely clear that he could rely on himself in that situation.
It was entirely coincidental.
It was entirely fair.
It was entirely his fault.
It was entirely my fault.
It was even better than I had imagined it would be.
It was even better than I had imagined.
It was even better than I thought it was going to be.
It was even whispered about the Court that the Queen had Ogreish inclinations, and that, whenever she saw little children passing by, she had all the difficulty in the world to prevent herself from falling upon them.
It was evening and already dark but I saw a cat walking along a telephone wire. Can they do that, cats?
It was evening before we reached the little town of Tavistock, which lies, like the boss of a shield, in the middle of the huge circle of Dartmoor.
It was evening by the time we reached the village.
It was evening.
It was ever thus, and so will it remain.
It was every man for himself now.
It was everything I anticipated.
It was everything I hoped for.
It was everything I imagined.
It was everything I wanted.
It was everything I'd hoped for.
It was everything he hoped for.
It was everything she hoped for.
It was everything that I'd hoped for.
It was everywhere.
It was evident that Miss Cushing had come upon a subject on which she felt very deeply.
It was evident that everyone was upset when Atletico Madrid suffered defeat.
It was evident that he was having a good time.
It was evident to all of us that he was innocent.
It was evident to me that he was becoming uneasy, and that his plans were not working out altogether as he had hoped.
It was evident to me that she was saying what was false.
It was exactly 5:30.
It was exactly his intention.
It was exactly like you said it would be.
It was exactly one hundred years ago.
It was exactly ten years ago.
It was exactly what I needed.
It was exactly what we needed.
It was exceptionally cold last summer, and the rice crop was the worst in 10 years.
It was excessive.
It was exciting for me to go to the capital for the first time.
It was exciting.
It was excruciating.
It was exhausting.
It was exhilarating to be out in the open air once more.
It was exhilarating.
It was expected.
It was expensive to fix the machine.
It was expensive, too.
It was explained by a well-known scientist.
It was explained to you.
It was exposed that they were doing illegal work, so they planned their disappearance.
It was extraordinarily difficult.
It was extraordinary that he did not agree.
It was extraordinary that he did not come.
It was extraordinary.
It was extremely cold in Boston.
It was extremely cold.
It was extremely difficult to do that.
It was extremely difficult.
It was extremely distressing.
It was extremely easy.
It was extremely embarrassing.
It was extremely funny.
It was extremely grueling.
It was extremely hard.
It was extremely high.
It was extremely hot, so I took my coat off.
It was extremely hot.
It was extremely noisy.
It was extremely scary.
It was extremely simple.
It was extremely stressful.
It was extremely weird.
It was fab.
It was fabulous.
It was fair.
It was fairly easy for me to find your place.
It was fairly funny.
It was fall two months ago.
It was fantastic to eat those dates.
It was fantastic.
It was far beyond anything we expected.
It was far from certain.
It was far too late.
It was farther than we expected.
It was fascinating.
It was fast and fun.
It was fate.
It was fear that first produced Gods in the world.
It was fiendishly cold.
It was filled with warm, jet-black coffee.
It was filmed in Australia.
It was finally time for the contest to begin.
It was finally us who explained the mystery.
It was fine all day.
It was fine and bright this morning. You could hear the little birds twittering.
It was fine the way it was.
It was five days after she graduated that my daughter left Osaka Airport for Germany.
It was five in the afternoon, and the night's first stars were starting to appear in the sky.
It was five to one when I got to bed.
It was five years ago that I graduated from college.
It was flat.
It was foggy and icy on top of the mountain.
It was foggy near the ground.
It was foggy, so it was hard to make out the figures of people walking.
It was foolish for him to turn down her offer.
It was foolish of Tom to do that.
It was foolish of her to ask him for help.
It was foolish of him to do such a thing.
It was foolish of him to trespass against the law.
It was foolish of him to waste his money on such trifles.
It was foolish of you to accept his offer.
It was foolish of you to try to get Tom to do that.
It was for Eva that I wrote this poem.
It was for Tom and Mary.
It was for Tom, not for you.
It was for Tom.
It was for a dead person rather than a living one that we were searching.
It was for anyone who wanted to know what he and other scientists were doing.
It was for her own good.
It was for her.
It was for him.
It was for me!
It was for my good looks that she loved me.
It was for your sake that I abjured these purposes of vengeance.
It was fortuitous that she discovered the nefarious scheme devised by her colleagues before it was too late.
It was fortunate for her that her husband arrived at that moment.
It was fortunate that he passed it.
It was fortunate that he was taken to a nearby hospital right away after the accident.
It was foul play.
It was found at Tom's place.
It was found at the bottom of the river.
It was founded in 2013 in Boston.
It was four in the morning when we left the pub.
It was four in the morning.
It was four months ago that Tom began to learn Gaelic.
It was freaky.
It was freezing at night.
It was freezing cold and snowing outside.
It was freezing cold out.
It was freezing cold outside.
It was freezing in every room except the main one with a stove.
It was freezing last night.
It was freezing so I thought that I'd catch a cold.
It was freezing up in Canada.
It was freezing!
It was freezing.
It was frightening.
It was frightful when my car skidded on the ice.
It was from Tom.
It was from her.
It was from him.
It was from them.
It was frustrating and confusing.
It was frustrating.
It was fucking sketchy.
It was full of spider webs and stuff, but there didn't seem to be any other way to go, so we firmed up our resolve and went.
It was full of spider webs and stuff, but there didn’t seem to be any other way to go, so we firmed up our resolve and went.
It was fun anyway.
It was fun celebrating together.
It was fun chatting to her.
It was fun chatting with Tom.
It was fun doing that.
It was fun going to Chuck's Diner with you.
It was fun going to Chuck’s Diner with you.
It was fun playing in the park.
It was fun playing video games with you this afternoon.
It was fun spending time with you.
It was fun talking to him.
It was fun talking to you.
It was fun talking with Tom.
It was fun talking with you.
It was fun to be here.
It was fun to celebrate together.
It was fun to talk about the things we used to do.
It was fun to watch you guys dancing.
It was fun watching Tom do that.
It was fun watching Tom doing that.
It was fun watching Tom trying to do that.
It was fun watching the dogs playing.
It was fun while it lasted.
It was fun yesterday.
It was fun.
It was funny.
It was gambling that brought about his ruin.
It was game over for Fadil.
It was genuine.
It was getting closer and closer.
It was getting cold and windier by the second.
It was getting dark fast.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
It was getting dark, and, what made matters worse, it began to rain.
It was getting dark.
It was getting darker and harder to see.
It was getting darker by the minute.
It was getting darker out.
It was getting darker.
It was getting harder and harder to breathe.
It was getting late.
It was getting light when we finally fell asleep.
It was getting louder and louder.
It was getting real messy.
It was getting too cold to sit there.
It was given out that the prince was going on a voyage to see the adjoining countries, but it was without doubt to see the king's daughter.
It was given to me by the Queen herself.
It was given to me.
It was glorious weather.
It was going to be a surprise.
It was going to be from Saturday, but, with one thing and another, it ended up being from the new week.
It was good chatting like old times. Let's talk again some time.
It was good enough.
It was good for a beginner.
It was good fun.
It was good if the lie wasn't added to him.
It was good if the lie wasn’t added to him.
It was good news.
It was good of you to give up your seat.
It was good of your parents to let us eat outside.
It was good seeing you again.
It was good talking to Tom.
It was good talking to you.
It was good that I did that.
It was good that you didn't go.
It was good to feel like one of the group, because my blond hair and 185 cm height already made me stand out.
It was good to meet you.
It was good to see everyone.
It was good while it lasted.
It was good working with you.
It was good you didn't go.
It was good.
It was gracious of you to accept.
It was great advice.
It was great at first.
It was great fun to do that.
It was great fun.
It was great seeing you again.
It was great seeing you today.
It was great seeing you.
It was great talking to Tom.
It was great talking to you.
It was great to hear from Tom again after all this time.
It was great to see Tom again.
It was great to see you again.
It was great working with Tom.
It was great working with you.
It was great.
It was great. I went to Kyoto.
It was gross.
It was grotesque.
It was grueling work.
It was half an hour after the sun had sunk below the horizon, but still the warmth of day lingered in the air.
It was half full.
It was half past two in the morning, but Mary was still sitting at her desk, marking classwork.
It was handcrafted.
It was handmade.
It was hanging there.
It was hard as rock.
It was hard as stone.
It was hard at first.
It was hard for Boldi to forget what happened that night.
It was hard for Mary to admit that she needed help.
It was hard for Tom and Mary to admit that they needed help.
It was hard for Tom to admit he needed help.
It was hard for Tom to admit that he needed help.
It was hard for Tom to ask Mary for a loan.
It was hard for Tom to convince Mary to do that.
It was hard for Tom to do that.
It was hard for Tom to get his homework done on time.
It was hard for Tom to keep a straight face.
It was hard for Tom to keep from smiling.
It was hard for Tom to say no.
It was hard for Tom to tell Mary that he wanted a divorce.
It was hard for Tom to walk.
It was hard for Tom to win.
It was hard for Tom.
It was hard for Yanni to say no.
It was hard for her to say no.
It was hard for him to hide the pride he felt after his success.
It was hard for him to live on his small pension.
It was hard for him to say no.
It was hard for him to stop working.
It was hard for him to understand that what I expected from him were his encouragement and support.
It was hard for him to understand what I expected from him.
It was hard for him to walk.
It was hard for me to act pleasantly to others.
It was hard for me to admit that I needed help.
It was hard for me to breathe.
It was hard for me to convince Tom to do that.
It was hard for me to decide.
It was hard for me to do that by myself.
It was hard for me to do that.
It was hard for me to find your house.
It was hard for me to get out of bed this morning.
It was hard for me to let go.
It was hard for me to refuse Tom's request.
It was hard for me to refuse his request.
It was hard for me to say goodbye.
It was hard for me to say no.
It was hard for me to sell my guitar, but I needed the money.
It was hard for me to turn down Tom's offer.
It was hard for me to turn down his demand.
It was hard for me.
It was hard for them to get to the island.
It was hard for them to say no.
It was hard for you to do that, wasn't it?
It was hard for you to get out of bed this morning, wasn't it?
It was hard for you to say goodbye, wasn't it?
It was hard for you to say no, wasn't it?
It was hard getting the fire started.
It was hard not to make noise walking on dry leaves.
It was hard to answer that question.
It was hard to argue with Tom.
It was hard to believe that something that terrible could happen to a girl like Layla.
It was hard to believe.
It was hard to breathe.
It was hard to calm down after what happened.
It was hard to console Yanni.
It was hard to do that.
It was hard to fall asleep straight away.
It was hard to fall asleep.
It was hard to figure out what Tom and Mary were trying to say.
It was hard to figure out what Tom was trying to say.
It was hard to find a job that paid well enough to support my family.
It was hard to fix.
It was hard to get Ziri to shut up.
It was hard to get out of bed to morning.
It was hard to get the access to the building.
It was hard to get the fire started.
It was hard to ignore the tingling.
It was hard to keep Tom from doing that.
It was hard to keep up with Tom.
It was hard to let Ziri go.
It was hard to make this decision.
It was hard to obtain.
It was hard to persuade him to cancel the trip.
It was hard to resist the impulse to wring Tom's neck.
It was hard to resist the impulse to wring Tom’s neck.
It was hard to say no to Tom.
It was hard to see in the darkness.
It was hard to see more than five feet in front of us.
It was hard to see through the rain.
It was hard to sleep last night.
It was hard to study Dutch.
It was hard to tell her age.
It was hard to tell his age.
It was hard to tell which was better.
It was hard to tell which was smaller.
It was hard to tell who the good guys were.
It was hard to understand what Tom was saying.
It was hard to work without breakfast.
It was hard until Tom was born.
It was hard when I first started, but now it's just boring.
It was hard work getting the children off to bed.
It was hard.
It was harder for all the older dogs to remember things, especially when several things were happening at the same time.
It was harder than I expected.
It was harder than I thought it would be.
It was harder than I thought.
It was harder than I'd thought.
It was harder to do that than I thought it would be.
It was harder to do that than Tom said it would be.
It was hardly a coincidence.
It was hastily put together, but it worked for the time being.
It was having a hypnotic effect on me.
It was he that broke the window yesterday.
It was he who broke the window yesterday.
It was he who did this work.
It was he who insisted.
It was he who spoke first.
It was he who told me about that.
It was heart-warming.
It was heartbreaking to see the gazelle dying.
It was heartbreaking.
It was heartless of him to say such a thing to the sick man.
It was heartwarming.
It was hell.
It was helpful and interesting.
It was her best time.
It was her choice.
It was her day off.
It was her decision.
It was her fate that she would never see the city of her birth again.
It was her fate to die young.
It was her fault, too.
It was her fault.
It was her fearfully pale complexion that caught his eye.
It was her first day as a doctor.
It was her first job.
It was her first time living away from home.
It was her habit to rise early.
It was her idea to sell the house.
It was her idea.
It was her idea. She made me do it.
It was her jealousy that ruined their relationship.
It was her life's work.
It was her little sister that broke her toy.
It was her that told me.
It was her turn at last.
It was her wish to go to Paris.
It was her, that poor girl, who I fell in love with.
It was here that I first met Tom.
It was here that I saw her.
It was here that Tom died.
It was here that the founding of the Algerian republic was declared.
It was here.
It was heroic of them to oppose the enemy.
It was high energy.
It was high time that Tom got out of there.
It was high time you took a bath!
It was hilarious!
It was hilarious.
It was him as told me what to do. "Dye your hair, Jack," he says; "it's what I've had to myself," he says. "They won't have old men nowadays, at no price."
It was him as told me what to do. "Dye your hair, Jack," he says; "it’s what I’ve had to myself," he says. "They won’t have old men nowadays, at no price."
It was him that broke the window yesterday.
It was him that saved the girl.
It was him who broke the vase.
It was him who got rid of me.
It was him.
It was his best time.
It was his bicycle that was stolen.
It was his car that ran over Lucy and her dog.
It was his car, not mine, that broke down yesterday.
It was his choice.
It was his day off yesterday.
It was his day off.
It was his decision.
It was his fate to be beloved by no one.
It was his fate to die young.
It was his fate to live a lonely life.
It was his fate to suffer this, too.
It was his fault.
It was his fault. He kept provoking everyone.
It was his favourite pastime.
It was his first job.
It was his first love.
It was his first trip as a captain.
It was his habit to get up early.
It was his habit to rise early.
It was his idea.
It was his idea. He made me do it.
It was his job to gather eggs.
It was his last supper.
It was his last words.
It was his lengthy narrative that bored me to death.
It was his narrative that bored me to death.
It was his notebook that was stolen.
It was his only hope.
It was his own fault.
It was his own party who hung him out to dry for losing the election.
It was his parents who supported him when he was in need.
It was his personal opinion.
It was his property.
It was his seventh day on the island.
It was his silence that made her angry.
It was his silence which made her angry.
It was his story of adventure that charmed us all.
It was his time.
It was his undoing.
It was his wish to go to Paris.
It was historic center of the province and remains an important transportation crossroad.
It was homecoming weekend.
It was honestly terrifying.
It was hopeless.
It was horrendous.
It was horrible to hear about the crime.
It was horrible!
It was horrible.
It was horrifying.
It was hot and crowded on the bus.
It was hot and dry.
It was hot and humid.
It was hot and the sheep retreated to the shelter.
It was hot and very humid.
It was hot for two weeks.
It was hot in every sense of the word.
It was hot in the room.
It was hot inside the tent.
It was hot last night.
It was hot outside.
It was hot so I took my coat off.
It was hot so I took off my coat.
It was hot that night and Felix had his convertible top down.
It was hot to the touch.
It was hot today, wasn't it?
It was hot today.
It was hot yesterday afternoon, wasn't it?
It was hot yesterday, wasn't it?
It was hot yesterday.
It was hot, and in addition, it was humid.
It was hot, and it was also very humid.
It was hot, and on top of that, humid.
It was hot, so I took off my coat.
It was hot, so I turned on the fan.
It was hot, so I went home and took a shower.
It was hot, so we swam in the pool.
It was hot.
It was hot. I couldn't stand it any longer.
It was hot. I couldn’t stand it any longer.
It was hotter yesterday than today.
It was hotter yesterday.
It was huge.
It was humiliating.
It was hung there.
It was hunger that drove Tom to crime.
It was hunger that impelled him to crime.
It was hypnotic.
It was ice cold and the car wouldn't start.
It was icky.
It was identified by telescope as a torch.
It was illuminated by the morning sun.
It was immediately clear that Tom didn't want to be there.
It was immediately debunked.
It was impertinent of you to behave like that.
It was implied.
It was impolite for me to do that.
It was impolite of him not to say goodbye.
It was impolite of him to do so.
It was important for me to be fair.
It was important to do what I believed in.
It was important to me.
It was important.
It was imposed on us.
It was impossible for Tom to express himself clearly.
It was impossible for him to see the sun through the mist.
It was impossible for him to solve the problem.
It was impossible for him to take the picture in the dark.
It was impossible for me not to think of incident.
It was impossible for me to answer all of Tom's questions.
It was impossible for me to answer this question.
It was impossible for the boy to swim across that river.
It was impossible for us to answer that question.
It was impossible not to fall in love with him.
It was impossible to be understood.
It was impossible to build the city according to a grid since the topographical features of the land were so irregular.
It was impossible to come up with a really satisfactory solution.
It was impossible to drive in the fog.
It was impossible to escape.
It was impossible to find an answer.
It was impossible to force the door open.
It was impossible to get it down from the tree.
It was impossible to make yourself understood.
It was impossible to move without making any noise.
It was impossible to pull out the cork.
It was impossible to refuse the request of a fellow-countrywoman dying in a strange land.
It was impossible to see clearly through the mist.
It was impossible to shake the feeling that something was entirely wrong.
It was impossible to understand his questions.
It was impossible to wash that carpet.
It was impossible to watch the movie without interruption.
It was impossible.
It was impressive.
It was improvisation.
It was impudent of him.
It was in 1832 that Evariste Galois fell in love with Stephanie-Felicie Poterin du Motel.
It was in 1912 that the Titanic sank during her first voyage.
It was in 1939 that the Second World War broke out.
It was in 1950 that he was born.
It was in 1980 that John Lennon was shot at this spot.
It was in 1980 that John was shot at this spot.
It was in 1989 that the Berlin Wall collapsed.
It was in 1989 that the Berlin Wall was taken down.
It was in 1989.
It was in 2004 that Yanni was born into this world.
It was in April of 2004.
It was in April.
It was in Australia that I first met Tom.
It was in Australia that Tom and I met.
It was in Australia that Tom met Mary.
It was in Beijing that I studied Chinese.
It was in Boston that I first met Tom.
It was in Boston that Tom met Mary.
It was in Kyoto that I first met her.
It was in London that I last saw her.
It was in October or November of 2003.
It was in Siberia where Grandpa learned his Russian.
It was in Tokyo that I first met her father.
It was in a restaurant that I ate dinner last Friday with my girlfriend.
It was in all the papers.
It was in every newspaper.
It was in mid-summer, when the alchemy of Nature transmutes the sylvan landscape to one vivid and almost homogeneous mass of green; when the senses are well-nigh intoxicated with the surging seas of moist verdure and the subtly indefinable odours of the soil and the vegetation.
It was in rural Mexico, and I didn't have any protective gear on.
It was in the 1920s that a big earthquake destroyed Tokyo.
It was in the basement.
It was in the hollow of the rock that I kept watch.
It was in the middle of the night at Matthew's home.
It was in the middle of the night, and everyone was in bed.
It was in the news.
It was in the paper this morning.
It was in the safe.
It was in the shop.
It was in the spring of the year 1894 that all London was interested, and the fashionable world dismayed, by the murder of the Honourable Ronald Adair under most unusual and inexplicable circumstances.
It was in the year 1989.
It was in the year two thousand.
It was in this box.
It was in this hospital that Dan had his operation.
It was in this museum that I first met Tom.
It was in this room that we had the meeting last Friday.
It was in vain that I asked Holmes to remain for the evening.
It was incomplete.
It was inconvenient.
It was incredible to sit in a ghost town.
It was incredible to spend the night in a ghost town.
It was incredible.
It was incredibly dangerous.
It was incredibly fun.
It was incredibly romantic.
It was incredibly surreal.
It was indeed Lestrade, who had ascended the stairs while we were talking, and who now entered the room.
It was indeed like old times when, at that hour, I found myself seated beside him in a hansom, my revolver in my pocket, and the thrill of adventure in my heart.
It was indifference.
It was inevitable for us to lose.
It was inevitable that they would meet.
It was inevitable that this would happen.
It was inevitable, wasn't it?
It was inevitable.
It was innovation in Muslim communities that developed the order of algebra; our magnetic compass and tools of navigation; our mastery of pens and printing; our understanding of how disease spreads and how it can be healed.
It was insane!
It was insane.
It was insanely dark upstairs.
It was insanely dark.
It was insanely hot inside the bus.
It was insensitive of Tom to do that.
It was insolent of Tom to demand special treatment.
It was intended as a joke.
It was intended that Tom would be our lawyer.
It was intentional.
It was interesting and amusing.
It was interesting being with Tom this past week.
It was interesting seeing how the speakers expressed various kinds of emotions while they were speaking.
It was interesting to hear about school life in Britain.
It was interesting to learn about all the various types of baking soda.
It was interesting.
It was intimidating.
It was invented by Tom.
It was invented in 2013 by Tom Jackson in Boston.
It was ironic.
It was irresistible.
It was irresponsible of him to break a promise.
It was just 1 kiss.
It was just 6 years ago that I visited New Zealand for the first time.
It was just Ziri's wife returning from the bathroom.
It was just a bad dream.
It was just a big hyena.
It was just a bit.
It was just a booty call!
It was just a careless slip of the tongue.
It was just a cat.
It was just a coincidence that Tom and I arrived at the same time.
It was just a coincidence that Tom was there, too.
It was just a coincidence, apparently.
It was just a coincidence.
It was just a comment from me!
It was just a disaster.
It was just a dream.
It was just a dumb mistake.
It was just a feeling.
It was just a fender bender.
It was just a fight.
It was just a figure of speech.
It was just a flash in the pan.
It was just a fling.
It was just a formality.
It was just a game for Tom.
It was just a guess.
It was just a happy accident.
It was just a hookup.
It was just a hunch.
It was just a hypothesis.
It was just a hypothetical question.
It was just a joke!
It was just a joke.
It was just a joke. Lighten up!
It was just a kiss, Ziri.
It was just a kiss.
It was just a kite-flying exercise.
It was just a little harmless fun.
It was just a little white lie.
It was just a lucky guess.
It was just a matter of time.
It was just a minor accident.
It was just a nightmare.
It was just a normal day.
It was just a one-night stand.
It was just a one-nighter.
It was just a passing infatuation.
It was just a prank.
It was just a question, sir.
It was just a question.
It was just a quirk of fate.
It was just a rumor.
It was just a ruse.
It was just a short flight.
It was just a shot in the dark.
It was just a simple greeting, but somehow I got strangely tense.
It was just a slip of the tongue.
It was just a stupid fight about something that didn't matter.
It was just a stupid mistake.
It was just a thought.
It was just a trial balloon.
It was just a warm-up.
It was just a warning.
It was just a weird dream.
It was just a whole mess.
It was just a wish.
It was just absolutely unbelievable.
It was just amazing.
It was just an accident that we met at the store.
It was just an accident that we met.
It was just an accident.
It was just an antelope. Don't worry about it.
It was just an assumption.
It was just an educated guess.
It was just an emotional affair.
It was just an example.
It was just an experiment.
It was just an idea.
It was just an observation.
It was just an uneventful business trip.
It was just as I expected.
It was just as I thought.
It was just as I'd thought.
It was just as you suspected.
It was just awesome.
It was just awful.
It was just awkward.
It was just bad timing.
It was just by accident that we met at the store.
It was just dogs.
It was just fabulous.
It was just for fun.
It was just friendly banter.
It was just hype.
It was just jaw-dropping.
It was just last week that Tom told me that.
It was just like Tom said it would be.
It was just like a bad dream.
It was just like a scene out of a movie.
It was just like in the movies.
It was just like that.
It was just like the old days.
It was just like you said it would be.
It was just my imagination.
It was just nerves.
It was just one kiss.
It was just one of those things.
It was just out of character for Ziri's dog to growl like that.
It was just polite applause.
It was just silence until Felix said something.
It was just sitting there and nobody was looking, so I took it.
It was just small talk.
It was just someone who had the wrong number.
It was just something I read in a newspaper.
It was just stupid.
It was just such a smack in the face.
It was just supposed to be a joke.
It was just terrible.
It was just the beginning.
It was just the four of us.
It was just the tip of the iceberg.
It was just the way Ziri was.
It was just three weeks ago that Tom came to see me.
It was just too easy.
It was just too late.
It was just two weeks ago that Ken came to see me.
It was just water.
It was just what Tom wanted.
It was just your imagination.
It was kind of Tom to come.
It was kind of Tom to help.
It was kind of a big deal.
It was kind of a bummer.
It was kind of a surprise.
It was kind of awkward.
It was kind of crazy.
It was kind of fun hanging out with your parents today.
It was kind of fun.
It was kind of funny.
It was kind of hard to see.
It was kind of her to show me the way to the station.
It was kind of him to come.
It was kind of scary.
It was kind of spooky in the cave.
It was kind of strange.
It was kind of surreal.
It was kind of unexpected.
It was kind of weird.
It was kind of you to do that for us.
It was kind of you to help me with my homework.
It was kind of you to help me.
It was kind of you to help us do that.
It was kind of you to help us.
It was kind of you to invite us.
It was known as the Brown House by the people of the locality.
It was laid there by someone.
It was larger than I had anticipated.
It was larger than I had expected.
It was larger than I'd anticipated.
It was larger than I'd expected.
It was last Friday that I ate dinner with my girlfriend in a restaurant.
It was last week that John bought a car.
It was last week that John bought a second-hand car.
It was last week that Tom was here.
It was last week.
It was last year that Tom did that.
It was last year.
It was late August.
It was late November.
It was late afternoon by the time we arrived in Boston.
It was late at night when Tom finally got home.
It was late at night when we got back.
It was late last night that that happened.
It was late last night when that happened.
It was late when I returned home.
It was late when my friend returned, and I could see, by a glance at his haggard and anxious face, that the high hopes with which he had started had not been fulfilled.
It was late, but I called him anyway.
It was late, past midnight.
It was late, so I went home.
It was late.
It was less stressful being around Tom after he did an anger management course.
It was less than a kilometre to the village post office.
It was less than fifteen dollars.
It was less than fifty dollars.
It was less than one kilometer to the village post office.
It was life-changing.
It was light enough to see a long way in the deserted street and it seemed more like morning or evening than night.
It was light enough.
It was lightly raining outside.
It was like Christmas morning.
It was like I was in a different place.
It was like I was in a trance.
It was like I was living in a movie.
It was like I was living with you.
It was like I was related to everyone.
It was like I was touched by an angel.
It was like I were with you.
It was like Robert put a spell on me.
It was like a bolt from the blue.
It was like a bolt out of the blue.
It was like a dream come true.
It was like a dream.
It was like a fairy tale.
It was like a fairytale.
It was like a game.
It was like a gold rush.
It was like a scene out of a movie.
It was like a train wreck.
It was like a turkey shoot.
It was like an explosion, an exultation of human voice unchained, ebullient with the love of life, savage in its good-humor.
It was like evil came over us and we couldn't stop fighting.
It was like having an alien hijack your body and then brainwash you by altering your perception of your memories and experiences.
It was like nothing we'd ever seen.
It was like old times.
It was like pouring gasoline on a fire.
It was like she had a photographic memory.
It was like sitting on pins and needles.
It was like something out of a movie.
It was like something out of a nightmare.
It was like taking candy from a baby.
It was like that when I bought it.
It was like that when I got it.
It was like that when I got there.
It was like that.
It was like the mansion was alive.
It was like the world dropped out of existence.
It was like thirty dollars.
It was like this.
It was like torture.
It was like watching a slow motion movie.
It was literally now or never.
It was little more than daylight when we took the road again, with a thirty-mile drive to Verdun before us.
It was locked.
