At the moment, I'm reading an interesting book.
At the moment, I’m not home.
At the moment, Tom is in Mary's good graces.
At the moment, Tom lives alone in a small flat.
At the moment, a group of ten large wolves, made fierce from anger and hunger, their eyes shining in the shadows like ember, overrun the platform of the raft.
At the moment, a special exhibition is on at the museum.
At the moment, a stiff south-westerly wind is blowing against our house, drying the windows made wet by the rain.
At the moment, he's eating Uzbek pilaf at a restaurant.
At the moment, it doesn't look like the conflict will end any time soon.
At the moment, it isn't raining.
At the moment, it's all I can say.
At the moment, money is my only hope.
At the moment, my brother is in Paris.
At the moment, normal users cannot delete sentences, only corpus maintainers can. We will someday add the possibility for users to delete their own sentences, but in the meantime, if you want to have a sentence deleted, add a comment on the sentence asking for deletion and explain why you'd like to delete it.
At the moment, normal users cannot delete sentences, only moderators can.
At the moment, platinum jewellery is in fashion.
At the moment, that's all I can tell you.
At the moment, the time difference between Japan and Italy is eight hours.
At the moment, there are still some 5,300 vacant apprenticeship places, with some 2,300 applicants.
At the moment, there is not succession.
At the moment, there isn't anybody in the office.
At the moment, there isn't anyone in the office.
At the moment, they're all asleep.
At the moment, they're looking at their pictures from the trip last week.
At the moment, things are not going so well for me.
At the moment, things aren't going as well as I'd like them to.
At the moment, things aren't going as well as I'd like.
At the moment, things aren't going so well for me.
At the moment, we are only fixing problems in the software. We are not accepting enhancement requests.
At the moment, we're working.
At the moment, you are entering your sentences in the wrong place. You should select "Contribute" at the top of the page and then "Add sentences".
At the mosque stands a tall tree.
At the mosques, prayer rugs are generally found.
At the most thrilling moment, everyone looked very tense.
At the most, he earns 50 dollars a week.
At the most, the trip will cost $1,000.
At the most, you'll only be 30 minutes late.
At the municipal swimming pool, children aren't allowed to play in the lap lanes.
At the neighbouring table sat a German-speaking couple.
At the new Koerner Library at my university, UBC, I could spend a lot of time perusing exotic journals.
At the new pier there are nine new ships.
At the next corner, please turn right.
At the next corner, turn left.
At the next corner, turn right.
At the next intersection, take a right.
At the next station, Diego boarded the subway and came to sit beside Melissa.
At the next station, nearly everyone got off the train.
At the night of the 28th of December of 2024, I was at Starbucks café, here on Lulu Island. Peter the redhead linguistics guru and I greeted each other "Happy New Year!" At home, cousin Eve's cousin Rex was relaxing in front of the kitchen television with Eve and Mama. Rex is visiting from the states. I offered them some shrimp crackers, which Rex gifted me earlier. In the fridge, Mama has a big load of lotus leaf-wrapped meat-stuffed sticky rice packs from their outing today. I was playing with Grok AI: I was thinking that AI could write me a story about Jack and the Beanstalk in Tagalog or Esperanto. A person named Jack is the cousin of Eve and Rex. He lives in the Philippines. On the kitchen television at home was showing a renowned Filipina singer singing before she had a sex-change operation to become a man. I told Rex that I read about such operations in the Biomedical Library in my university, UBC.
At the noise, a window opened and a lovely maiden looked out.
At the offices of the African Foundation for Development, the organization managing the competition, Emmanuel is busy copying notes from a flipchart.
At the ominous word "liberality", Scrooge frowned, and shook his head, and handed the credentials back.
At the other end of the spectrum are very low-frequency sounds (below 20 Hz), known as infrasound.
At the outset of the long voyage I was seasick, but I gradually began to get my sea legs.
At the park, I met Ken.
At the party the other night, my brother drank a bit too much and passed out.
At the party there was food in abundance.
At the party, John was dressed like a complete dork.
At the party, Lorenzo felt alone and awkward.
At the party, everybody was well-dressed.
At the party, everyone was wearing beautiful clothes.
At the party, just pretend that I'm not your dad, and you'll have more fun.
At the party, one of his political opponents humiliated him in the presence of many guests.
At the peep of day we were aroused by the voice of my good grandfather, who planted himself in the stairway and shouted in a stentorian tone, "I wish you all a Merry Christmas!".
At the petrol station, you can buy one on Sunday as well.
At the pizzeria in the afternoon of the 31st of January of 2022, I heard the muscular bearded owner speaking in his cellphone, whilst he was eating pizza. He was speaking in Tamil. I told him that I like the way the cursive writing looks. He said that the truth was that he was born and raised in Canada and he could not read or write Tamil. I said that it was good that his parents from Sri Lanka were culturally motivated to pass on Tamil to the next generation, at least, orally and aurally. His family is Hindu.
At the pizzeria on the 27th of March of 2015, Yaroslav the Ukrainian and I discuss many things. He says that his town in Ukraine is Kharkov (in Russian) or Kharkiv (in Ukrainian). We talk about the palatial subway or train stations in Russia, Uzbekistan, France, etc. Yaroslav's white Canadian neighbour in Vancouver is always drunk, he says, and may have a bit of Native Indian ancestry. We talk about how English slang is not a good habit. Many immigrants here in Canada do not speak slang. Yaroslav still likes learning English. I tell him that when I came to Canada at age 10, I could read English, but I did not speak well. It took me about a year to get accustomed to speaking English.
At the police station, Elias could finally let his guard down.
At the police station, Ziri filled out reports on what happened.
At the pop star's concert the fans were swarming around the foot of the stage.
At the pop star’s concert the fans were swarming around the foot of the stage.
At the precise moment when Elias hesitated, Sandra kissed him and won his heart.
At the premiere, Tom met with fans and signed autographs.
At the present moment, not all consequences of the scandal are foreseeable.
At the present time I have taken charge of Daphnis and Chloe; and when I have brought them together in the morning, I retire to your garden: here I amuse myself with your flowers and plants, and here I bathe in your fountain.
At the present time, Tom is in Boston.
At the present time, he's in Boston.
At the present time, she is a yoga instructor.
At the present time, that statement cannot be made definitively.
At the ranch they found two women, a mother and her daughter.
At the rate I'm going, I'll get home next year.
At the rate my circadian cycle is shifting, pretty soon I'll miss the bus.
At the rear of the procession was a strange-looking man in a straw hat.
At the recent American Association for the Advancement of Science convention in Boston, I heard a guy talking about a partly frozen foam with ice crystals and air bubbles, with flocculated fat globules surrounding the air bubbles, and proteins and emulsifiers surrounding the flocculated fat globules. My mind began drifting until I realized he was actually talking about ice cream, one of my favorite topics. Only then did I begin to realize that ice cream scientists take their work as seriously as brain surgeons and rocket scientists, maybe more so.
At the reception, Hanako was resplendent in a kimono.
At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help!
At the research facilities of the Department of Agriculture, the incubator can hold hundreds of eggs. Sue Rosoff manages the hatchery.
At the restaurant, I had a delicious mango dessert.
At the restaurant, do not order fried squid.
At the restaurant, even a dessert could cost a month's salary for an employee like Elias.
At the risk of sounding too forward, I'd like to make a comment.
At the risk of sounding too forward, I’d like to make a comment.
At the risk of spoiling my story and of being taken for a coxcomb, I state my intention at the outset.
At the risk of sticking my neck out, I think that if we do that, we're making a big, big mistake.
At the risk of sticking my neck out, I think that if we do that, we’re making a big, big mistake.
At the risk of surprising you, I happen to work.
At the ruined altar ghostly priests officiated, passing quietly from side to side, with bows and genuflections.
At the same age, I used to wonder about matter, thinking that different colours must have represented different kinds of matter.
At the same moment, a man stepped out from the shadow of a tree.
At the same period, in Queen Elizabeth's reign, the population of England did not exceed five millions and a half.
At the same time Abimelech, and Phicol the general of his army, said to Abraham: God is with thee in all that thou dost.
At the same time Debora, the nurse of Rebecca, died, and was buried at the foot of Bethel, under an oak, and the name of that place was called, The oak of weeping.
At the same time Ismo jumps and baffles the attendants.
At the same time as we arrived it started to rain.
At the same time farmers are voicing concerns about a situation that some analysts say could further destabilize the region.
At the same time he remains a complete riddle to himself, and even expresses astonishment over his own being, especially in consideration of what he was and what he had become.
At the same time that Whittle was working in England, Hans von Ohain was working on a similar design in Germany. The first airplane to successfully use a gas turbine engine was the German Heinkel He 178, in August, 1939. It was the world's first turbojet powered flight.
At the same time the king sent a bale, with other men of distinction, to Pandarani, to conduct the captain-major to where the king awaited him.
At the same time the people of Azerbaijan have the most ancient traditions of statehood.
At the same time you must consider that I am only a serf on this estate: that I am owner of nothing here. It is necessary therefore, that my master should be made acquainted with the business, and that we should have his consent.
At the same time, I baked a cake.
At the same time, Isaac was walking along the way to the well which is called Of the living and the seeing: for he dwelt in the south country.
At the same time, São Paulo is both one of the world's poorest and richest cities.
At the same time, he began to run.
At the same time, he didn't hide his fears and doubts, but tried hard to keep his calm and rationality in facing every difficulty.
At the same time, he didn’t hide his fears and doubts, but tried hard to keep his calm and rationality in facing every difficulty.
At the same time, it was found that while men tended to soften with time and cohabitation, women become increasingly aggressive.
At the same time, moderates among strategic analysts began to be alarmed by what looked like a revival of bellicosity among some of the strongest supporters of the new "defensive" weapons.
At the same time, my boy, whatever your sentiments may be on this subject, you must keep your mouth closed as to them.
At the same time, spears and arrows began to fall among the invaders.
At the same time, the clerk Natsue Arimura told Gokijo of her intent to resign after this month.
At the same time, the clerk Natsue Arimura told Gokijo of his intent to resign after this month.
At the same time, the cost of paid services provided to the population in January-June 2025 amounted to 103 million 980 thousand 600 manats, which is 6.7 percent more than in the corresponding period of 2024.
At the same time, they allowed themselves to be duped and led in circles by a structure of politicians and bureaucrats.
At the school I attend, August 6th is observed each year as "Peace Learning Day" to emphasize the importance of peace.
At the seminar, they threw us all together into groups and made us talk together.
At the setting of the sun, the daisy closed its petals.
At the shop, I do not like to queue.
At the sight of blood, he passes out.
At the sight of cooked snails, Jane turned pale.
At the sight of him, it was like he was already dead before he was really dead.
At the sight of the dog, the cat ran off.
At the sight of the policemen the thieves ran away.
At the slightest hint of danger, Tom makes himself scarce.
At the slightest offense, you pick up your things and go home.
At the sound of a minivan's side door slamming shut in the distance, Tom's dog exploded with a series of deafening barks.
At the sound of my voice, my dog pricked up his ears.
At the sound of our steps he glanced round and sprang to his feet with a cry of pleasure: "I've found it! I've found it," he shouted to my companion, running towards us with a test-tube in his hand.
At the square, a crowd surrounded and listened to the street singers.
At the start I didn't understand what he was saying.
At the start my father didn't care.
At the start of a day at school, Camilla talks to David.
At the start of every weekend, I am both tired and happy.
At the start of the 20th century, children were often employed in factories.
At the start, I was really still a bit scared.
At the station, I had the hardest time finding my ticket.
At the stoplight.
At the store, they only accept cash payments.
At the street party I met some super friendly girls, among them one with blue eyes named Laura, who I fell in love with.
At the strip bar Number 5 Orange, we friends often drank California Coolers.
At the student council president election, the nominations were Tom for class 1, and Mary for class 2.
At the sudden appearance of a bear, the kids made believe they were dead.
At the suggestion of the Cambridge Philosophical Society, the Syndics of the University Press decided in March, 1908, to arrange for the publication of a series of Essays in commemoration of the Centenary of the birth of Charles Darwin and of the Fiftieth anniversary of the publication of "The Origin of Species".
At the summer camp, she was in charge of the group I belonged to.
At the summer camp, she was the counselor for my group.
At the supper table Dora behaved like a little lady, but Davy's manners left much to be desired.
At the table sat a man, a woman, and a girl.
At the theater, Kathy changed seats with her mother.
At the time I managed to make myself understood in English.
At the time my wife got pregnant and I was terrified.
At the time of Apollo 11 moon landing, there were no stars just a blank background.
At the time of first European contact, the Western Hemisphere had about 15-40 million natives with about 1800-2000 different languages. A newer dental morphology term for "Native Indian" or "Amerindian" is "Super-Sinodont." An Eskimo is different from an Amerindian.
At the time of her death, she suffers agony.
At the time of his arrest, Tom was living in Boston.
At the time of his retirement, he was the team's longest-serving player.
At the time of that story, Yanni was forty years old.
At the time of the Big Bang, there was a single universal consciousness which separated with the expansion of the universe.
At the time of the accident, almost all of the passengers on the bus were sleeping.
At the time of the incident, Tom was in his office.
At the time of which I speak, Holmes had been back for some months, and I at his request had sold my practice and returned to share the old quarters in Baker Street.
At the time the photogravures were ordered no large scale photograph of the Trifid nebula had, so far as I am aware, ever been published.
At the time there were no native English speakers teaching in any public school.
At the time this story takes place - in 1699 - the Kingdom of Norway was still one with Denmark.
At the time we got married, his parents had already died.
At the time when the rest of the world first learned about the Jewish story of Moses, there was already a Jewish group claiming descent from his brother, and that group is still around today.
At the time work is completed I will help.
At the time, God blessed me with a good memory.
At the time, I couldn't quite believe what Mary was saying. Now I see how right she was.
At the time, I didn't know.
At the time, I had just returned from England.
At the time, I had never heard of him.
At the time, I had no choice.
At the time, I managed to make myself understood in English.
At the time, I thought it was a mistake.
At the time, I thought it was a mistake. I was wrong.
At the time, I thought it was the right thing to do.
At the time, I was convinced that was the case.
At the time, I was renting a house in Kabylie, Algeria.
At the time, Japan was faced with a host of diplomatic problems.
At the time, Mary was probably the most photographed woman in the world.
At the time, Sami's children didn't even know what the word affair meant.
At the time, Ziri was smoking.
At the time, astronomy was still intrinsically linked to astrology.
At the time, he didn't know anything about Islam.
At the time, he was an obscure writer.
At the time, he was too full of his own appearance, his sword, his laced cloak, his feathered hat, and his managed horse, to pay much regard to anything else.
At the time, it didn't seem to matter.
At the time, it seemed like the right thing to do.
At the time, most Americans rented.
At the time, music was everything to us.
At the time, no one knew what to do.
At the time, nobody knew much about cheetahs.
At the time, nothing else mattered.
At the time, our country was confronted with serious economic difficulties.
At the time, she did not yet care about pregnancy.
At the time, she gave no thought to her mother.
At the time, she was busy working on something or other.
At the time, the LP was a new kind of record that let people listen to longer pieces of music.
At the time, the Titanic was the world's biggest ship.
At the time, the congresswoman was on the City Council.
At the time, the incident did not seem important.
At the time, there was a war in my country.
At the time, there were no native English speakers teaching at state schools.
At the time, there weren't many opportunities for women to play sports.
At the time, water to put out area fires came from the East and Hudson Rivers because fire hydrants didn’t exist.
At the time, we had an internet service plan of 30 hours. Per month.
At the time, we were in the same class.
At the time, we were just fifteen years old.
At the time, we were very tired.
At the time, you were outside.
At the tone it will be one hour, fifty eight minutes and forty seconds.
At the tone, please record your message.
At the top is an aerial.
At the top of the building there is a frieze of carved ribbons.
At the top, there was a clump of trees.
At the traffic lights, go straight over.
At the train can start taking advantage of the time from the first minute, something that does not happen on a flight.
At the train station, once I had figured out where the queue for tickets actually was, I began the long wait.
At the turn of the century, children still worked in factories.
At the turn of the century, he had ascended to the vice-presidency of his father's company, and his stained glass windows, ornate lamps, furniture, glasswork and jewelry were making him one of the most successful decorative artists of his time.
At the turn of the year, people turn to new projects and plans.
At the venue, the scene was quiet.
At the very least you could get a restraining order.
At the very least, I'd like to be able to have everyday conversations.
At the very least, I’d like to be able to have everyday conversations.
At the very least, say "thank you."
At the water source, I sat waiting.
At the weekend, many people head for the mountains for some rest and relaxation.
At the wheel of the car in front of us is someone wearing a hat.
At the winter festival, Beth received an award for dancing the best.
At the worst of times — like in the middle of a pandemic, when leaders can’t meet in person to hash out important issues — diplomacy can be excruciating.
At the worst possible time, my headache exploded.
At the zoo, I saw animals that I'd never even heard of before.
At these events they sell few products.
At these last words, Pinocchio jumped up in a fury, took a hammer from the bench, and threw it with all his strength at the Talking Cricket.
At these prices, you won't get many students in here.
At thirty years old she learnt to ride a bike.
At thirty-six years old, Tom is a picture of fitness.
At this age, the meaning of life began to interest me.
At this altitude, the weather can change quickly and unexpectedly.
At this altitude, the weather can change quickly and without warning.
At this beer hall, you can order beers up to one liter in size.
At this beer hall, you can order beers up to one litre in size.
At this building, horticultural products are sold to the public.
At this cash dispenser, you can not only withdraw money, but also deposit it.
At this company, we value quality over quantity.
At this conference Mrs. Ward introduces the reader to the leaders of this new movement, from the moderates to the violent radicals.
At this corner there happened an accident that was to be remembered for years.
At this distance we cannot hope to know the truth.
At this early stage of the season, both teams are unbeaten.
At this factory, they produce a car every ten minutes.
At this hint of the violent storm to come we shuddered as one.
At this hour, there is incredible traffic.
At this juncture, the teacher entered the classroom.
At this juncture, we're looking into every possibility.
At this language centre, about 15 international languages are taught, including English.
At this level of magnification, I can't even tell what I'm looking at.
At this library, you can borrow up to three books at a time.
At this location, there is a store.
At this moment I can't find the appropriate words.
At this moment his soliloquy was interrupted by a grasshopper, which, in springing from a swallow that pursued it, fell into Chloe's bosom.
At this moment my father is in Berlin.
At this moment someone opened the door to my prison cell.
At this moment the whole world is looking at us: they certainly look at us for the numbers of the infection, they see a country that is in difficulty but they also appreciate us because we are showing great rigor, great resistance and I have a deep conviction.
At this moment, Mary is home with her family.
At this moment, all his past life seemed to flash across his mind.
At this moment, all the fruit trees are blossoming.
At this moment, it isn't raining.
At this moment, panick ensued.
At this point in his meditation, the general was interrupted by the sound of the door opening.
At this point in his reverie, the general was interrupted by the sound of the door opening.
At this point in time, you need a powerful computer to emulate this game.
At this point not only have I still not had a girlfriend, but I also have lost interest in trying, thanks to my brother's nasty bitch that drove him to suicide... So yeah, I'm more distrusting of relationships now. I won't refuse them, but I honestly don't think I'll even try for a while.
At this point the depth is small.
At this point the sea formed a little bay where the water was quite calm, but very deep, right up to the cliffs.
At this point the sea narrows into a strait.
At this point, I don't need money.
At this point, I think the best thing is to separate.
At this point, I think the best thing to do is to separate.
At this point, I think we all have to face the inevitable.
At this point, I'm not sure.
At this point, I'm unable to comment on that problem.
At this point, I’m unable to comment on that problem.
At this point, Kalman would try anything.
At this point, Tom has nothing to prove.
At this point, does it really matter?
At this point, he arrived.
At this point, it really doesn't matter.
At this point, it's a joke.
At this point, it's inescapable.
At this point, it's just a war of attrition. Only those who are patient can survive.
At this point, my confusion was absolute.
At this point, talking is pointless.
At this point, the police concluded they were facing a serial killer.
At this point, there's nowhere left to go!
At this point, we can only hope.
At this point, we don't know what's going to happen.
At this point, we don't know.
At this point, we have no choice.
At this property, they make excellent vinegar.
At this rate, I'll never be finished.
At this rate, I'll never be ready.
At this rate, I'll never finish.
At this rate, Japan will make an exhibition of itself before the world.
At this rate, even independent film will never reach a true understanding of romance and relationships, so to hell with the movies, let's have dinner.
At this rate, even independent film will never reach a true understanding of romance and relationships, so to hell with the movies, let’s have dinner.
At this rate, it's going to take us all day to finish doing this.
At this rate, it's only a matter of time before I get caught.
At this rate, the risk is high that our country's competitive position will drop even further.
At this rate, the risk is high that our country’s competitive position will drop even further.
At this rate, unless someone helps me, I'll never be finished.
At this rate, we risk not finishing before the weekend.
At this rate, we won't be able to buy a house.
At this rate, we won’t be able to buy a house.
At this rate, we'll have to change the schedule.
At this rate, we'll never get there.
At this rate, we're not going to be finished doing this by the end of the day.
At this rate, we're not going to finish doing this by the end of the day.
At this rate, we're not likely to be done before the end of the week.
At this rate, we’ll have to change the schedule.
At this rate, we’re not likely to be done before the end of the week.
At this remarkable moment in history, more people live in freedom than ever before. Our alliances are stronger than ever. People all around the world look to America to be a force for peace and prosperity, freedom and security.
At this restaurant, you eat spaghetti with chopsticks.
At this school, our faculty members are trained in how to deal with suspicious persons.
At this school, there are no grades and children have no homework.
At this school, there are no grades and students have no homework.
At this second lie, his nose grew a few more inches.
At this second shock, I began to cry.
At this shop, they deal in kitchen utensils.
At this shop, we expect a well-groomed appearance.
At this speed, it'll take forever to get to Algiers.
At this stage there is still not a clear energy policy for bringing decentralised power to rural areas.
At this stage, I can't say anything.
At this stage, I cannot say anything.
At this stage, they say, they are not releasing his name — neither the alias he might have used nor his real identity.
At this tavern, you eat good meat and drink perfect wine.
At this the innkeeper waxed very wroth, and threatened if he did not pay to compel him in a way that he would not like.
At this third lie, his nose became longer than ever, so long that he could not even turn around.
At this thought, a cold shiver ran down her body.
At this time every day you hear the bells of a nearby church ringing.
At this time every day, the bells of a nearby church can be heard.
At this time of day, most customers are adults here to exercise, there aren't that many kids.
At this time of day, most customers are adults here to exercise, there aren’t that many kids.
At this time of day, the motorway here is always chock-full.
At this time of day, the subway is packed.
At this time of pandemic, Francis also reminded the world and asked for prayers for the victims of violence against women, for young children and adolescents suffering from bullying and abuse, and for the elderly.
At this time of the year, all Belgian students are on revision break.
At this time of year the school organizes sporting competitions of both a festive and serious nature.
At this time on Thursdays, the restaurant is always filled with customers. But as you can see, there is no one.
At this time there's no use in going. The coffee shop has closed.
At this time tomorrow I'll be in London.
At this time tomorrow, I'll be working in the library.
At this time tomorrow, he'll be speaking with his family.
At this time, Bangladesh Bank should also have a strict role.
At this time, I am reading an action novel.
At this time, I'm not sure whether I'll go to college or get a job.
At this time, a vote is not yet appropriate.
At this time, he's our best batter.
At this time, he's the Pacific League's top batter.
At this time, no one was in the park.
At this time, some advice would be greatly helpful.
At this time, the victims' names aren't being released.
At this time, there's no safer place to be than right here.
At this time, we don't need any more men.
At this time, we should wipe out crime and collusion.
At this time, we still don't know if this is feasible.
At this time, we still don't know what caused the problem.
At this time, we still don't know what caused this to happen.
At this time, we still don't know what causes ALS.
At this time, we still don't know what the impact will be.
At this time, we still don't know what we're going to do.
At this time, we still don't know why Tom committed suicide.
At this time, we'd like to again sincerely thank all our friends and contributors, and encourage all our subscribers and concert-goers to join our circle of friends, in case they haven't joined yet.
At this time, we're exploring possibilities.
At this time, we're looking into every possibility.
At this time, you don't need to understand everything.
At this trial, the judge is very respected.
At this very instant the young fairy came from behind the curtains and said these words in a loud voice:— "Assure yourselves, O King and Queen, that your daughter shall not die of this disaster. It is true, I have no power to undo entirely what my elder has done. The Princess shall indeed pierce her hand with a spindle; but, instead of dying, she shall only fall into a deep sleep, which shall last a hundred years, at the end of which a king's son shall come and awake her."
At this very moment, Tom is busking in a street in a market town somewhere.
At this very moment, nearly 10,000 Tweets are being sent.
At this very moment, you're reading and translating this.
At this very second, you are on a narrow ledge between life and death.
At this, he got up and went out.
At those temperatures, some atoms can also form a fifth state of matter, called a Bose-Einstein condensate that does not exist in nature.
At three in the morning I was sick.
At three in the morning, he got out of bed to add sentences to Tatoeba.
At three o'clock I woke up. I couldn't see a thing because, after all, it was night.
At three o'clock this morning I was sick.
At three o’clock on the morning of the twenty-first of June, we were awakened and notified that the Azores islands were in sight.
At times Claudia thought about psychoanalysis.
At times I can't understand him.
At times I can’t understand him.
At times I confuse "curve" with "carve".
At times I confuse curve with carve.
At times I feel like quitting my job.
At times I feel sad.
At times I have breakfast in a restaurant.
At times I sleep very well.
At times I think and at times I am.
At times also they would repose side by side under a goatskin.
At times he thought that letting such a pretty woman go out alone in Paris like that was as imprudent as putting a case full of jewels in the middle of the street.
At times he thought you were a native from some Hispanic country.
At times it can get extremely painful.
At times it's difficult to understand what she is saying.
At times like this, I miss Tom.
At times like this, words are woefully inadequate.
At times of crisis, people put all their disagreements aside.
At times of high virus spread, connection to the internet may slow down.
At times of poor health, getting plenty of sleep is the best medicine.
At times she can be absent-minded.
At times she thought you were a native from some Hispanic country.
At times the train doesn't arrive on time.
At times the train doesn’t arrive on time.
At times there was something—what shall we call it?—almost savage in the admiration and exultation with which this man regarded the creature who was so entirely at his mercy, and who had been brought to him as flotsam from the sea!
At times they thought you were a native from some Hispanic country.
At times we go for a drive.
At times, I can't trust him.
At times, I can’t trust him.
At times, I feel disappointed by my image in the mirror.
At times, I feel uncomfortable with my own image.
At times, a small gift can serve as a testament of a great love.
At times, he suffered from a painful headache.
At times, he would forget his book while listening to the music of the birds, or gazing at the peonies and tulips, but he would soon think again of his lesson, and commence studying with new zeal.
At times, it snows even in April around here.
At times, making a decision is difficult.
At times, we've struggled to keep the promise of liberty and equality for all of our people.
At today's meeting almost everybody backed my plan.
At today’s meeting almost everybody backed my plan.
At travel plazas in Germany, many people eat currywurst with french fries.
At twelve o'clock sharp we all troop into the staff canteen for lunch.
At twelve o'clock sharp we all troop into the works canteen for lunch.
At twenty-four, I became Muslim.
At twilight, snow looks blue.
At twilight, snow looks deep blue.
At two o'clock in the morning, Rafael and I were still chatting away at the teahouse. I was drinking iced green tea, and he was drinking iced blueberry tea.
At two o’clock yesterday afternoon a small packet, wrapped in brown paper, was handed in by the postman. A cardboard box was inside, which was filled with coarse salt. On emptying this, Miss Cushing was horrified to find two human ears, apparently quite freshly severed.
At two years old, you were able to count till ten.
At weekends, I got up later than usual.
At weekends, I would get up later than usual.
At weekends, he likes to go to the pub.
At weekends, many people head for the mountains for some rest and relaxation.
At weekends, we always go to the mountains.
At what age did Tom Jackson die?
At what age did you get married?
At what age did you get your first period?
At what age did you go on your first date?
At what age did you have your first girlfriend?
At what age did you have your first period?
At what age did you start smoking?
At what age did you start to play the piano?
At what age do Japanese people get married?
At what age do children learn to bathe themselves?
At what age do children leave school?
At what age do children usually start to walk?
At what age do most people in Australia retire?
At what age do most people retire?
At what age do most people start to develop wrinkles?
At what age do people become adults?
At what age do you think you'll get married?
At what age do you want to get married?
At what age does the average Canadian retire?
At what age should I begin to teach my children how to cook?
At what age was Tom diagnosed?
At what age will I be able to withstand what now hurts me so easily, makes me disheartened and anxious?
At what age would you like to get married?
At what day are you off, usually?
At what heat should I cook this?
At what hotel are you staying?
At what hour is the flight?
At what hour was she born?
At what place does she believe we're expecting her?
At what point do we start to worry?
At what point does a dialect become a language?
At what point does a dialect become a new language?
At what rate did the illness spread?
At what temperature do you cook your chicken?
At what temperature does lead melt?
At what temperature does popcorn pop?
At what temperature does water freeze?
At what time are we going to get a bite to eat, with all that?
At what time are we leaving?
At what time are you coming back?
At what time are you going to arrive in Paris for the meeting?
At what time are you leaving?
At what time can I speak with you?
At what time can you be there?
At what time can you start?
At what time did he leave?
At what time did that happen?
At what time did the show finish?
At what time did this happen?
At what time did you arrive at your home?
At what time did you arrive from Naples?
At what time did you arrive from the hospital?
At what time did you arrive in Strasbourg?
At what time did you come back from Krakow?
At what time did you do that?
At what time did you eat dinner?
At what time did you finish?
At what time did you go to bed last night?
At what time did you go to bed yesterday?
At what time did you go to sleep yesterday?
At what time did you hear the gunshot?
At what time did you lock the rooms?
At what time did you wake up?
At what time do they arrive in Narita airport?
At what time do they eat?
At what time do you come home?
At what time do you eat breakfast?
At what time do you eat lunch and supper?
At what time do you eat supper?
At what time do you exit from the office?
At what time do you finish?
At what time do you generally take a nap?
At what time do you go to bed?
At what time do you start work?
At what time do you start working or studying?
At what time do you usually have lunch?
At what time do you usually make lunch?
At what time do you usually wake up?
At what time does it close?
At what time does it leave?
At what time does it open?
At what time does the TV broadcast start?
At what time does the bus come?
At what time does the market open on Saturday?
At what time does the market open?
At what time does the next train leave?
At what time does the plane from Nice arrive?
At what time does the taxi to the airport depart?
At what time does the taxi to the airport leave?
At what time does your class end?
At what time exactly did you enter the turnpike?
At what time is brunch?
At what time is dinner served?
At what time is she going?
At what time is sunrise?
At what time is sunset?
At what time is the end of the world?
At what time of day did you arrive?
At what time of the year are you the happiest?
At what time shall I call you this afternoon?
At what time shall we go?
At what time should I arrive at the airport?
At what time should I go to sleep tonight?
At what time should he ring?
At what time should she ring?
At what time should the plane from Guadalajara arrive?
At what time should we go to the station?
At what time will I see you?
At what time will he arrive?
At what time will the party begin?
At what time will the race finish?
At what time will the taxi go to the airport?
At what time will they arrive?
At what time will they come for me?
At what time will you be able to be there?
At what time will you be finished?
At what time will you be leaving?
At what time will you come back?
At what time will you do that?
At what time will your girlfriend come back home?
At what time would you be able to come to us tomorrow?
At what time?
At which hospital did that happen?
At which hostel did you spend the night?
At which hour is the next train arriving?
At which hour they are starting?
At which point did you faint?
At which point did you leave?
At which table were you sitting?
At which time do you have the next lesson?
At which university are you studying?
At which window can I make a reservation?
At whisky-tasting events, sometimes she meets people who are surprised that a woman is in charge of distilling the whisky.
At work it’s like a holiday.
At work there is an idiot who gets on my nerves.
At work they are at the whim of the boss.
At work, Carlos always tries to find new solutions to problems.
At work, I draw diagrams.
At worst, I will get an average mark.
At worst, you will be only thirty minutes late.
At your age I already knew how to tie my shoes.
At your age you can't wait to grow up.
At your age you ought to support yourself.
At your age you should know better.
At your age, I already had three children.
At your age, I knew Virgil and company by heart.
At your age, I was already married.
At your age, I was already working.
At your age, I would think so, too.
At your age, I'd think so, too.
At your age, you already show a hint of a belly.
At your age, you ought to know better.
At your age, you shouldn't be doing that.
At your age, you try to act like a young man.
At your company, try to increase revenue or decrease costs.
At your convenience.
At your level, you don't learn by imitating, you learn by creating.
At your service!
At your service, madam!
At your service, my dear sir!
At your service, my little rabbit.
At your service.
At-Mahmoud is a village located in Kabylia.
At-Wartiran's associations collected everything that could be of use to fire victims.
Ataturk is very far from being called a great leader.
Ataturk was a genocide perpetrator.
Atatürk was born in 1881 in Thessaloniki.
Atheism has become the philosophy of the new society of the old republic.
Atheism is a mistake.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
Atheism is a sign that religion is taken seriously.
Atheism is a threat.
Atheism is dangerous.
Atheism is irrational by definition.
Atheism is natural. It's education which makes people believers.
Atheism isn't a religious belief.
Atheism isn’t a religious belief.
Atheists are lynched and murdered in Algeria.
Atheists will get their comeuppance on Judgment Day.
Athelstan was the name of the king of England then.
Athena is the Greek goddess of wisdom.
Athena is the daughter of Zeus.
Athena is the goddess of wisdom.
Athens and Sparta are cities in Greece.
Athens is Greece's capital.
Athens is in Greece.
Athens is the capital of Greece.
Atherosclerosis reduces the inner diameter of arteries.
Athlete's foot is my brother's problem.
Athletes are no different.
Athletes have to focus on five disciplines each day, starting with the 100-meter sprint, long jump, shot put, high jump and 400-meter run. The second day includes the 110-meter hurdles, discus throw, pole vault, javelin throw and 1,500-meter race. Competitors accumulate points based on their performance. Roman Sebrle of the Czech Republic holds the world record of 9,026 points.
Athletes hoping to medal in the Olympics have been warned to stay away from social media in the lead up to their events.
Athletes must be tough not only physically, but also mentally.
Athletes usually abstain from smoking.
Athlete’s foot is my brother’s problem.
Athletic boys are popular with girls in American schools.
Athletic dollars from basketball, football and baseball can contribute more than half to a school's operating budget.
Athletics are an important part of school life.
Atl is ten years old.
Atl is ten.
Atl would like to have a kite.
Atlanta, Georgia has one of the busiest airports in the world.
Atlantic City in August is unbearably humid.
Atlantic City is famous for its boardwalk.
Atlantis is considered a myth by scholars.
Atlantis is real.
Atlantis sank into the sea.
Atlantis was destroyed.
Atlas and Illi did not need a wagon.
Atlas bore the Earth on his shoulders.
Atlas is often depicted carrying the Earth on his shoulders.
Atlatls were some of the first tools of the Paleolithic era.
Atletico Madrid surprised everyone with their win against Barcelona as they’ve always been the underdogs in the Spanish league.
Atmospheric methane concentrations have more than doubled since the Industrial Revolution because of intensive use of oil, gas and coal, rising demand for beef and dairy products and increased production of food and organic waste.
Atmospheric pressure sensors can help fitness trackers calculate how many flights of stairs the user has climbed, for example.
Atmospheric scientists have warned that global warming is not a hundred years off but is an immediate problem whose effects are being felt right now.
Atom bombs are a danger to mankind.
Atomic bombs are a danger to the human race.
Atomic clocks are very accurate.
Atomic energy can be used for peaceful ends.
Atomic energy can be utilized for peaceful purposes.
Atomic energy is expensive and dangerous.
Atomic nuclei are small magnets with a north pole and a south pole.
Atoms are composed of protons, neutrons, and electrons.
Atoms are everywhere.
Atoms are in everything.
Atoms are made up of protons, electrons and neutrons.
Atoms are submicroscopic.
Atoms are very, very small.
Atoms can't be seen by the naked eye.
Atoms can't be seen in plain sight.
Atoms cannot be perceived with the naked eye.
Atoms cannot be seen with your own eye.
Atoms form molecules.
Atop the walls the lamenting has already begun.
Atopic dermatitis has been increasing on babies recently.
Atrial fibrillation happens when electrical impulses in two of the four chambers of the heart go into an irregular or chaotic pattern.
Atrial fibrillation is a major cause of stroke and heart failure and may also be related to an increased risk of death. It's an abnormal rhythm of the heart that is caused when the upper chambers of the heart beat in an uncoordinated and irregular fashion.
Atrocities of the most vicious kind were justified by the watchwords: "This is war!" "Might is Right." 
"Necessity knows no law."
Atrocities were done to Muslims in Bosnia.
Atrocity crimes are imminent unless there is a cessation of hostilities.
Atsushi may have been sick.
Attaboy!
Attach a recent photograph to your application form.
Attach labels to all the bags.
Attach the two cables together.
Attach this label to your package.
Attach this tag to your suitcase.
Attached is a map to our office.
Attached is my monthly report.
Attached is the draft compilation.
Attached is the tentative agenda.
Attached you will find the VAT invoice for your recent purchase.
Attachment is the most difficult thing when you're dying.
Attachment isn't compassion.
Attack is the best defense.
Attack is the best form of defence.
Attack is the best form of defense.
Attack me.
Attack them.
Attack!
Attackers using 'ransomware' encrypt files on mobile devices or PCs and lock out their users until they comply with a demand to pay ransom.
Attacking Libya was a serious mistake.
Attacking people for their beliefs is not a solution.
Attacking vulnerable people is cowardly.
Attacks by Jewish settlers must be documented.
Attainment targets are descriptions of knowledge and skills that a pupil or student is expected to have acquired by the end of each educational level.
Attempt to remain here.
Attempting to commit suicide is punishable by death.
Attempting to do LSAT problems in the coursebook before attending the corresponding lesson is counterproductive.
Attempting to eliminate gay and trans people is a fundamentally flawed goal, as we will keep being born no matter what.
Attempting to make heaven on Earth a reality will always bring hell.
Attempts to fight the fire with buckets soon proved fruitless.
Attempts to negotiate a peace treaty failed.
Attempts to redraw voting districts have hit a wall of opposition.
Attend the meeting.
Attend to what your teacher says.
Attend to your business alone!
Attend to your business.
Attend to your own business.
Attendance had been falling off and such people as did come sat about indifferently.
Attendance has hit record levels.
Attendance is compulsory for all members.
Attendance is compulsory.
Attendance is essential.
Attendance is free for many of our events.
Attendance is free.
Attendance is mandatory.
Attendance is required.
Attendance is strictly required.
Attendance should be good provided the weather is favorable.
Attendance will be taken based on names shown in the "Attendance" window.
Attending is important!
Attending university has always been my goal.
Attention centered on the singer.
Attention doesn't hurt.
Attention is a currency that I am familiar with.
Attention is focussed on the potential for growth of the personal and industrial use garbage compactor market in relation to trends in law.
Attention please!
Attention should be paid to even the smallest detail of the report.
Attention swimmers! Don't stay in the water too long. Remember that in December it freezes.
Attention!
Attention! The captain of the airship is speaking!
Attention! The doors are closing!
Attention! The walls have ears.
Attention! The water is not potable!
Attention! This video may contain expletives and graphic violence. Its content may offend you.
Attention! Tom is coming here.
Attention! Xeklat plans to improve his Dutch.
Attention! Your new password and confirmation password do not match. Please confirm and try again.
Attention, Lojbanist!
Attention, all units.
Attention, danger to life!
Attention, do not panic! Electricity will be restored in a few minutes.
Attention, everyone! By definition, babies are parasites. That is all... thank you.
Attention, friends!
Attention, people! We're evacuating the building.
Attention, please!
Attention. Slow down. Dangerous turn at 200 meters.
Attention: Chilean Spanish may sound strange elsewhere.
Attention: Chilean Spanish may sound weird elsewhere.
Attention: fragile.
Attentiveness is not my thing.
Attitudes are changing.
Attitudes have hardened; a compromise seems unlikely in the near future.
Attitudes sure have changed.
Attorneys for the city argued that the law was a matter of public safety and did not infringe on the Second Amendment right to bear arms.
Attorneys, both of you, see me in my chambers right now.
Attractive girls make me nervous.
Attractive people are more successful.
Attractive women are often thought to be dumb.
Atua is the god for many in Oceania.
Atuqtuaq eats the seal blubber uncooked.
Atuqtuaq habitually speaks Inuktitut and speaks a bit of English.
Atuqtuaq has lived in the North all his life and has never visited the South.
Atuqtuaq helps his mother take the blubber from the seal carcass.
Atuqtuaq is an apprentice at soapstone carving.
Atuqtuaq is excellent at soapstone carving.
Atuqtuaq learns Inuktitut at his school.
Atuqtuaq put the blubber into the wooden box.
Atuqtuaq's father drives a snowmobile.
Atwood won for "The Testaments," the follow-up to her dystopian 1985 masterpiece "The Handmaid's Tale."
Atón:wa and Tsoié:'on are our godparents.
Au contraire.
Aubergine and cheese makes a great vegetarian meal.
Aubergine is the main ingredient of some vegetarian dishes with tomato sauce.
Auckland has 1000000 inhabitants.
Auckland has a population of a million.
Auckland is a city in New Zealand.
Auctions are annoying, so I bought it instantly with a buyout.
Audio in Tatoeba sentences are provided by Shtooka.
Auditions are by appointment only.
Auditions will be held next Monday.
Auditions will start at 2:30.
Audley Court was not an attractive locality. The narrow passage led us into a quadrangle paved with flags and lined by sordid dwellings.
Audrey Louise Reynolds is an artisan living in Upstate New York.
Audubon was blessed with good health, length of years, a devoted and self-sacrificing wife, and a buoyant, sanguine, and elastic disposition. He had the heavenly gift of enthusiasm—a passionate love for the work he set out to do. He was a natural hunter, roamer, woodsman; as unworldly as a child, and as simple and transparent. We have had better trained and more scientific ornithologists since his day, but none with his abandon and poetic fervour in the study of our birds.
Augmented reality enables the user to interact with the real world superimposed by virtual objects.
Augmented reality is the future.
Augury is divination based on the behavior of birds.
August 12th is International Youth Day.
August 12th is two days before Mary's birthday.
August 8th is Beard Day in Japan.
August eighth is Beard Day in Japan.
August has thirty-one days.
August is coming to an end.
August is named after Augustus.
August is the eighth month of the year.
August is the most important month of the year for me.
August is the most perfectionist person I've ever met.
August is too long.
August is very hot in Algeria.
August the eighth is Beard Day in Japan.
August was hotter this year than July.
Auguste Comte is regarded as the father of sociology.
Augustine was born at Thagaste, a city of Numidia, in the year 354.
Augustine was born in North Africa.
Augusto Pinochet's dictatorship was one of the most violent of the century.
Augusto had clear, bright eyes.
Augusto is my most beloved son.
Augusto is the most meticulous person I've ever met in my life.
Augusto is the most perfectionistic person I've ever met in my life.
Augustus claimed his goal was to restore the Roman Republic.
Augustus is my most beloved son.
Augustus kept only the veneer of the Republic while effectively making himself into a king.
Augustus was born under the consulate of Cicero and Antony.
Auldey is a Chinese brand.
Aunt Anna is coming to spend Christmas with us, otherwise she'd be at home on her own.
Aunt Emily will send him away, and will never speak to him again.
Aunt Isabel is generous and gave us a lot of presents.
Aunt Marie, do you have chocolate?
Aunt Mary is my mother's sister and Aunt Alice is my father's sister.
Aunt Mary is playing the violin.
Aunt Mary's coming to visit us next week, no doubt with a fair few other relatives in tow.
Aunt Mary, do you have some chocolate?
Aunt Sally likes to poke about in other people's business.
Aunt Yoko is too weak to work.
Aunt, this is Tom.
Auntie Wang, it's me.
Auntie Wang, it’s me.
Auntie is reading in the living room.
Auntie, we’ve come to wish you a Happy New Year.
Aunty Kelly treated us to ice cream today.
Aurea ate French toast with jam.
Aurelie is a young shepherdess.
Aurelius throughout his life adhered to the Stoical philosophy.
Aurochs have been extinct for centuries.
Aurora Borealis or the "northern lights" occurs 80 to 160km (50 to 100 miles) above the earth, when energetic particles from a solar storm cause the gases in the upper atmosphere to glow. Auroras can last between a few minutes to several hours. It's common across Alaska and northern Canada.
Aurora Borealis, or the "northern lights", occurs 80 to 160 km (50 to 100 miles) above the earth when energetic particles from a solar storm cause the gases in the upper atmosphere to glow. Auroras can last between a few minutes to several hours. It's common across Alaska and northern Canada.
Aurora's voice makes my ears bleed.
Aurélie has several faults. She is lazy and given to gossiping.
Austere economic policies have significantly affected economic performance.
Australia and Bangladesh have advanced to the semifinals.
Australia and Canada are independent just on paper. They're two of Washington's most loyal lapdogs.
Australia continues to battle wildfires that have scorched millions of hectares across three states.
Australia depends on the US for its security.
Australia doesn't exist.
Australia exports a large amount of wool.
Australia exports a lot of wool.
Australia had no such emission controls.
Australia has a diverse flora and fauna.
Australia has a diverse range of animals.
Australia has a terrible history of importing animals, plants and fish that have caused immense ecological damage.
Australia has barred everyone under 16 from social media.
Australia has fallen into its first recession in nearly two decades.
Australia has invaded Canada.
Australia has very strict rules on immigration.
Australia has won the trophy only once in the past.
Australia invaded Canada.
Australia is America's poodle. It participates in American wars in order to receive security guarantees from Washington.
Australia is a beautiful country and worth visiting.
Australia is a beautiful country worth visiting.
Australia is a beautiful country.
Australia is a country of extremes.
Australia is a dangerous place.
Australia is a great country.
Australia is a great place for sightseeing.
Australia is a hard place for me to live.
Australia is a land of extremes.
Australia is a landlocked country.
Australia is a long way from New Zealand.
Australia is a nice place to visit.
Australia is a pinnacle of social progress.
Australia is a puppet state.
Australia is a settler colonialist country. The natives were eliminated to set up what is modern Australia.
Australia is a shitty place to travel.
Australia is a significant exporter of natural resources, energy, and food.
Australia is a very beautiful country.
Australia is a very fortunate country.
Australia is a very lucky country.
Australia is a very pretty country.
Australia is a wonderful country.
Australia is about twenty times as large as Japan.
Australia is about twenty times larger than Japan.
Australia is abundant in minerals.
Australia is an amazing country.
Australia is an example.
Australia is an interesting country to visit.
Australia is an island, a continent, and a country.
Australia is an island.
Australia is another American colony.
Australia is banning foreign travelers beginning Friday as it tries to stop the spread of the new coronavirus.
Australia is being ravaged by the worst wildfires seen in decades.
Australia is both a country and a continent.
Australia is changing.
Australia is divided into states and territories.
Australia is experiencing a fiery inferno.
Australia is far away.
Australia is filled with wildlife.
Australia is huge, right?
Australia is just one of the countries I visited last year.
Australia is just one of the countries that I visited last year.
Australia is my home.
Australia is no different.
Australia is no exception.
Australia is not Austria.
Australia is not a republic.
Australia is now considering removing humpback whales from the endangered species list because of their growing numbers.
Australia is now my home.
Australia is on my list of countries I'd like to visit.
Australia is on my list of countries that I'd like to visit.
Australia is one of my favorite countries.
Australia is one of the biggest gold producers in the world.
Australia is one of the countries I want to visit before I die.
Australia is one of the countries I want to visit.
Australia is one of the countries that I want to visit.
Australia is one of the most interesting countries I've ever visited.
Australia is one of the most multicultural places on Earth.
Australia is planning to build a new multibillion-dollar underground hydropower station in a remote corner of the Snowy Mountains in New South Wales.
Australia is pretty far away from here.
Australia is pretty far away.
Australia is pretty incredible.
Australia is rich in natural resources.
Australia is smaller in size than South America.
Australia is smaller than South America.
Australia is such a beautiful country.
Australia is sure a great place to live.
Australia is the driest inhabited continent on Earth.
Australia is the land of kangaroos.
Australia is the largest country in Oceania.
Australia is the largest country in the world without borders with any other country.
Australia is the smallest continent in the world.
Australia is the smallest continent.
Australia is the world's fifth-largest coal producer.
Australia is very beautiful.
Australia is very different from New Zealand.
Australia is very far from Vietnam.
Australia is very popular for wealthy migrants.
Australia is where Tom and Mary met.
Australia is where Tom belongs.
Australia is wonderful.
Australia is worth visiting more than once.
Australia isn't Austria.
Australia isn't an island.
Australia isn't real.
Australia isn't the only country you could talk about in English. You could also talk about other countries such as Algeria, South Africa, India, Brazil, or Denmark.
Australia isn't the only place where this happens.
Australia lies at the bottom of the globe.
Australia must be a great place to live.
Australia must be very beautiful.
Australia participated in the Vietnam War.
Australia plays an active role in the WTO, APEC, the G20, and other trade forums.
Australia produces better athletes than Canada.
Australia relies on cheap supplies of domestic coal to generate much of its electricity and is one of the world's biggest per capita emitters of greenhouse gas pollution.
Australia was an exception.
Australia was fantastic.
Australia was invaded by Canada.
Australia was no exception.
Australia was started as a British penal colony.
Australia was the place where British prisoners were sent to.
Australia was unlucky to lead the world in fatalities in the last couple of years.
Australia wasn't cold when I got there.
Australia wasn't cold when I was there.
Australia wasn't cold when Tom and I were there.
Australia's Great Barrier Reef is in danger.
Australia's Great Barrier Reef is threatened by climate change.
Australia's Wollemi pines survived the dinosaurs.
Australia's universities are attracting international students.
Australia's vast native forests are storing three times as much carbon as previously thought and could hold the key to tackling climate change, according to a new study released Tuesday. It has found the eucalyptus forests of southeast Australia can harness billions of metric tons of greenhouse gases and the clearing of such forests threatens to significantly increase the amount of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere.
Australian Rod Laver is the only tennis player to win the Grand Slam twice — first as an amateur, and again as a professional in the Open Era, when previously amateur-only or professional-only tournaments went open to both amateurs and professionals. He also won the Pro Slam as a "Closed Era" professional, the year before the Open Era began.
Australian firefighters saved the world's only grove of Wollemi pines.
Australian paleontologists have discovered a new species of a prehistoric flying reptile in outback Queensland.
Australian paleontologists have discovered a new species of a prehistoric flying reptile.
Australian researchers are looking to Africa and the Middle East for drought- and heat-resistant crops as many grain farmers face another failed season.
Australian researchers believe that the molecule from spider venom blocks the heart’s ability to sense acid after a cardiac arrest, disrupting the death message.
Australian saltwater crocodiles can grow up to 23 feet long and frequently kill people.
Australian soprano Joan Sutherland was dubbed "La Stupenda" after a performance in Venice in 1960 and the label stuck for the rest of her career.
Australian women are very beautiful.
Australians all let us rejoice for we are young and free. We’ve golden soil and wealth for toil. Our home is girt by sea.
Australians all let us rejoice for we are young and free; we’ve golden soil and wealth for toil, our home is girt by sea; our land abounds in nature’s gifts, of beauty rich and rare; in history’s page let every stage, advance Australia Fair! In joyful strains then let us sing: “Advance Australia Fair!”
Australians are inveterate travelers.
Australians are supposed to have a relaxed and laid-back attitude to life.
Australians are, on the whole, pleased with the stabilizing benefits of their political system.
Australians can only leave with special permission from the government.
Australians don't celebrate Halloween as enthusiastically as North Americans do.
Australians don't need motivation to drink beer, it comes natural.
Australians excel at sports and entertainment.
Australians have Christmas barbecues.
Australia’s Great Barrier Reef lost more than half of its coral populations between 1995 and 2017.
Australia’s Quantas airline charged almost $800 for an economy seat on a flight that offered views of attractions such as the Great Barrier Reef. The flight sold out in 10 minutes.
Australia’s ancient Indigenous culture is thought to be some 65,000 years old.
Australia’s approaching summer is forecast to be wet.
Australia’s beauty industry is on its peak – and this is apparent how many spa centers and resorts, massage centers, and salons there are throughout the country.
Australia’s first female prime minister Julia Gillard ousted as Labour party leader.
Australia’s hospitality workforce has traditionally relied on international students.
Australia’s most famous radio telescope that played a key role in televising the Apollo 11 moon landing in 1969 has been given a new Aboriginal name.
Australopithecus was an ancestor of humans.
Austria and Switzerland are desperate for the resorts to generate some income and have said cable cars, restaurants and bars will operate, but with social distancing rules in place and mask-wearing required.
Austria borders Germany.
Austria had allies, too.
Austria is a German-speaking country.
Austria is a land of kangaroos.
Austria is a member of the European Union.
Austria is a parliamentary republic in central Europe and consists of nine federal states.
Austria is a parliamentary republic in mid-Europe and consists of nine Bundesländer.
Austria is both a country and a continent.
Austria is called "Österreich" in German.
Austria is considering stopping all rail traffic from Italy and imposing other controls on its border with its southern neighbor.
Austria is one of the largest producers of electricity in Europe.
Austria is part of the German-speaking cultural sphere, though it does have historical and geographical ties to other parts of south-east central Europe.
Austria is situated in Central Europe.
Austria is south of central Europe.
Austria is the land of kangaroos.
Austria isn't Australia.
Austria played against Australia.
Austria taxed the tech giants.
Austria was already fascist before its annexation by Germany.
Austria was forcibly annexed into a greater Germany.
Austria won.
Austria's fiscal position compares favorably with other eurozone countries.
Austria's hilly landscapes reminded Mr. Bogart of The Sound of Music.
Austrian and Swiss people eat a lot of sweets.
Austrian beaches are the best.
Austrian exports, accounting for around 60% of the GDP, were up 8.2% in 2017.
Austrians and Swiss people eat a lot of sweets.
Austria’s chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, Friday announced he is reinstating mandatory mask regulations to prevent the spread of COVID-19 after cases spiked in the country this week, especially in Vienna.
Austria’s hilly landscapes reminded Mr. Bogart of The Sound of Music.
Authentic communication aligns our words with our values.
Authentic language varies in time and between places and populations.
Authentic love transcends superficiality, uniting souls through shared experiences and emotions.
Authenticate using a WebAuthn-compatible device.
Authenticity is invaluable, but originality is non-existent.
Authenticity is the greatest virtue.
Authenticity refers to truthfulness and veracity. To be authentic, you must in every situation be what you claim to be, and not present a false appearance.
Author Salman Rushdie was stabbed in New York before a speech.
Authorities accuse Ferrari-driving multimillionaire of running murderous, "mafia-style" crime network.
Authorities advised people to practice social distancing, but schools, bars and restaurants have been kept open the entire time. Only gatherings of more than 50 people have been banned.
Authorities advised residents not to approach within three kilometers of the volcano.
Authorities are receiving a surge of reports about people trying to cash in on the coronavirus crisis with outrageous prices, phony cures and other scams.
Authorities are still investigating.
Authorities are still struggling to understand how the epidemic in Italy began.
Authorities arrested Tom yesterday.
Authorities believe the shooter may have targeted his first victims but then began attacking randomly.
Authorities denied the report.
Authorities first banned planes and trains from leaving the city of Wuhan, where the coronavirus is believed to have originated. Toll roads were closed, and ferry, subway and bus services were also suspended.
Authorities had initially authorized the march, but reversed themselves on Monday, citing fears it would degenerate into violence.
Authorities have banned all demonstrations and public gatherings, including sporting events and church services as Italy deals with the biggest outbreak in Europe.
Authorities have been alerted about the suspicious activities.
Authorities haven't confirmed Tom's Jackson's arrest.
Authorities in Australia say heavy rain could extinguish all of the fires in New South Wales state by the end of the week.
Authorities in Latin America and Europe say more than 500 people have been targeted for arrest for their alleged involvement in an Internet pedophile ring.
Authorities in Poland last week banned swimming at over 50 beaches along its Baltic coast, after hot weather led to the growth of toxic bacteria in the unusually warm sea.
Authorities in Thailand and Vietnam are stepping up their own efforts to fight the disease, which killed two dozen people in the two countries early this year, and another three in Vietnam as the virus reappeared in recent weeks.
Authorities in Thailand, a major transit point for smugglers, report seizing more than 10,000 live animals and 1,300 carcasses in 2013.
Authorities in space colonies encouraged larger families.
Authorities in the Slovak capital, Bratislava, where a state of emergency has been declared, still hope the town will not experience the same damage as in Prague.
Authorities must justify their decisions as defined by law.
Authorities on the Indonesian tourist island of Bali have raised the volcano alert to the highest level as Mount Agung continues to churn and belch menacing-looking ash and smoke.
Authorities plan to emphasize services and innovation in the coming years.
Authorities said it could be days, even weeks, before power is fully restored.
Authorities said the four-day shutdown beginning Monday would allow workers to fumigate rodent burrows for fleas that carry the infectious bacterial disease.
Authorities say many of the fires were caused by people.
Authorities say temperatures are being driven higher by a hot air mass moving northward from Africa.
Authorities say that Tom Jackson is expected to survive.
Authorities shut down public beaches, restaurants and bars.
Authorities turned their attention to Fadil.
Authorities were never able to identify who Yanni's killer was.
Authority corrupts its holder and debases its victims.
Authorized personnel only.
Authors of the study report that changing discriminatory gender norms and institutions, addressing economic and social inequalities, and ensuring access to education and safe work are other measures that can help prevent violence.
Autism built the modern world.
Autism is a natural variation in the human condition.
Autism is frequently a source of problems, but also often a blessing in disguise.
Autism isn't a problem to be fixed.
Autistic children don't know what boredom is.
Autistic children never get bored.
Autistics are just a different type of person.
Auto imports will take a nose-dive in the first quarter.
Auto mechanics finish up the workday with grime all over their hands.
Auto-correct is the bane of my existence.
Auto-destruct sequence armed.
Auto-destruct sequence initiated.
Auto-destruct sequence was set.
Autocatalytic processes have positive feedback built in.
Autocomplete isn't about to gain sentience.
Autocorrect? More like autoincorrect.
Automakers are grappling with semiconductor shortages.
Automatic doors can be controlled more intelligently than is now the case. A newly developed control system opens the door only when someone is actually approaching. The door will remain closed if someone is merely standing in front of it or walking past.
Automation is bound to have important social consequences.
Automobile production has peaked out.
Automobile sales suffered a setback at the end of the financial year.
Automobile transmissions have grown in sophistication over the years.
Automobiles are made in factories.
Automobiles contribute significantly to air pollution in urban areas.
Automobiles replaced carriages.
Automobiles, cellphones, and medical equipment depend upon the export of intermediate parts from China.
Autonomous machines will someday be deployed to the Moon, Mars or beyond to construct shelters for human habitation.
Autonomy was granted in 1969 and independence in 1979.
Autopsies will be performed.
Autotuning is against our rules.
Autumn Equinox Day falls on Friday this year.
Autumn Fiester of the Center for Bioethics at the University of Pennsylvania says the experiment will be important if stem cell therapy ever becomes a viable option for curing diseases.
Autumn arrived.
Autumn begins in October.
Autumn came and the leaves started to fall.
Autumn came, and the leaves in the forest turned to orange and gold. Then, as winter approached, the wind caught them as they fell and whirled them in the cold air.
Autumn came.
Autumn changed into winter.
Autumn days are coming to an end, and winter will set in soon.
Autumn days are coming to an end, and winter will soon set in.
Autumn had come forth.
Autumn has come.
Autumn is almost here.
Autumn is beautiful in its own way.
Autumn is coming late this year.
Autumn is coming to an end.
Autumn is coming.
Autumn is cool.
Autumn is definitely my favourite season.
Autumn is drawing to a close.
Autumn is here.
Autumn is in the air.
Autumn is just around the corner.
Autumn is just around the corner. It's about time the weather started cooling off.
Autumn is just around the corner. It’s about time the weather started cooling off.
Autumn is late this year.
Autumn is like an incomparably beautiful farewell song that you can't get enough of.
Autumn is my favorite season.
Autumn is my favourite season.
Autumn is slowly approaching.
Autumn is suitable for study, compared with spring.
Autumn is the best season for going on hikes.
Autumn is the best season for reading.
Autumn is the most melancholy season.
Autumn is the most melancholy time of year.
Autumn is when food is especially delicious.
Autumn leaves crunched under Tom's feet as he walked up the path to Mary's front door.
Autumn starts in September.
Autumn was beautiful.
Autumn was long and mild.
Autumn weather is changeable.
Autumn, with the beautifully coloured leaves, has always been a "Season of Fulfilment". Spring, on the other hand, is a "Season of Promise".
Autumnal Equinox Day falls on Friday this year.
Auxerre recorded their first victory of the season, climbing out of the relegation zone in the process.
Ava built a sandcastle at the beach.
Ava flew a colorful kite.
Ava melted chocolate for fondue.
Ava ran a marathon.
Ava read a thrilling mystery novel.
Ava sang a beautiful song.
Ava swam in the ocean.
Avail yourself of every occasion, you can take to perform good deeds.
Avail yourself of this opportunity.
Available for use in the holiday home are a fireplace, heating, washing machine, tumble dryer, dishwasher, television, iron, hairdryer, and hoover.
Available for use in the holiday home are a fireplace, heating, washing machine, tumble dryer, dishwasher, television, iron, hairdryer, and vacuum cleaner.
Available soon.
Avalanches are a danger for climbers.
Avalanches are a danger to climbers.
Avalanches move faster than floods.
Avani is gender-fluid.
Avarua is the capital of the Cook Islands.
Avast!
Avatars are no contributions, they're personal identities.
Ave Maria.
Average U.S. precipitation has increased since 1900, but some areas have had increases greater than the national average, and some areas have had decreases.
Average sea level rise is predicted as 24-30 cm by 2065 and 40-63 cm by 2100.
Average student loan debt at graduation for the class of 2021 was estimated at $36,140 and carried an average 2.75% interest rate, according to EducationData.org.
Averaged over the entire globe, temperatures have increased more than 1.1 degree Celsius since 1980.
Averages come in three flavors: mean, median, and mode.
Averaging over 100 miles per hour on the highway, Jack easily set off the police radar.
Averroes severely criticized Islam, which is why he was persecuted.
Avert your eyes.
Avestan and Old Persian were Old Iranian languages.
Avi Shlaim have a lecture in Israel.
Avi Shlaim's first language is Arabic, and Hebrew is his second language.
Avi has been offered high-paying jobs and contracts.
Avian flu is not particularly prevalent in well-developed countries like the U.K.
Avian flus typically only affect birds and there are multiple strains of bird flu.
Avian medicine - diagnosis and treatment of illnesses.
Aviaries are sometimes called flight cages because the birds confined therein have room to fly around.
Aviation does not forgive mistakes.
Aviation experts call it automation addiction, an overreliance on the computerized flying of passenger jets. But that same technology has helped make airline travel safer than ever. The report by the Federal Aviation Administration agrees with that, but says pilots are not as skilled at manually flying a plane in emergencies or when transitioning back from automation to manual.
Avicenna was not Muslim, contrary to what they say.
Avishai Cohen is an Israeli jazz musician. He plays double bass and is also a composer.
Aviva is playing the title role in a dramatization of the Book of Esther.
Aviva is playing the title role in a play based on the Book of Esther.
Aviva plays in a Mastodon tribute band.
Aviva plays in a Pink Floyd tribute band.
Avocado adds a creamy texture to dishes.
Avocado adds richness to a dish.
Avocado enhances the flavor of salads.
Avocado is a creamy green fruit.
Avocado is a creamy, green delight.
Avocado is a favorite in vegan cuisine.
Avocado is a fruit.
Avocado is a healthy fat source.
Avocado is a key ingredient in California rolls.
Avocado is a natural source of vitamins.
Avocado is a nutritious and tasty fruit.
Avocado is a superfood.
Avocado is an essential in my kitchen.
Avocado is delicious when you eat it alongside nori and wasabi-joyu.
Avocado is extra.
Avocado is great for homemade face masks.
Avocado oil is used in cooking.
Avocado pairs well with eggs.
Avocado skin is green.
Avocado skin is quite thick.
Avocado smoothies are delicious.
Avocado toast is a trendy brunch choice.
Avocados are low in carbohydrates and high in fiber.
Avocados are rich in vitamin E.
Avocados are the fruit of the avocado tree.
Avocados have a buttery texture.
Avocados have a unique buttery texture.
Avoid Tom at all costs.
Avoid Tom if you can.
Avoid Tom like the plague.
Avoid Tom today if you can.
Avoid Tom, if possible. He has a very bad temper.
Avoid Tom.
Avoid Ziri entirely.
Avoid a remedy that is worse than the disease.
Avoid a toxic work environment.
Avoid accumulating excess clutter on the kitchen island.
Avoid accumulating too many things in your room.
Avoid accusatory questions.
Avoid adjusting the TV settings without permission.
Avoid any sudden or jerky movements.
Avoid bad company.
Avoid bad gossip.
Avoid being a victim.
Avoid being negative in front of kids. They do absorb things.
Avoid bending the DVDs, they can break easily.
Avoid bringing that subject up in front of her.
Avoid bringing that subject up in front of him.
Avoid caffeine.
Avoid chaos.
Avoid cheese.
Avoid clichés.
Avoid clicking on suspicious links, they can harm the computer.
Avoid climbing trees that look weak or unstable.
Avoid close contact such as shaking hands and hugging.
Avoid close contact with other shoppers.
Avoid close contact with people who are unwell.
Avoid close contact with people who have coronavirus.
Avoid colloquial expressions in academic writing.
Avoid comparing your progress to others; focus on yourself.
Avoid comparing yourself to others; focus on self-improvement.
Avoid complicated language in academic papers.
Avoid conflict.
Avoid contractions and idioms in academic writing.
Avoid contractions in academic writing.
Avoid cooking with olive oil.
Avoid copy-pasting sentences, or at least make sure they are not copyrighted and are compatible with the CC BY license.
Avoid copy-pasting sentences, or at least make sure they are not copyrighted and are compatible with the CC BY license. Otherwise we cannot use them.
Avoid crossing this street when it is raining.
Avoid crossing this street when it's raining.
Avoid cutting strong-smelling foods like garlic and onions on a wooden cutting board.
Avoid danger.
Avoid direct sunlight and store at room temperature.
Avoid direct sunlight, she warns, which can burn the leaves and the blooms.
Avoid distractions like TV or video games while doing your homework.
Avoid distractions like your phone or TV while doing your homework.
Avoid doing black magic.
Avoid doing that.
Avoid doing this job in direct sunlight.
Avoid doing what you would blame others for doing.
Avoid downloading apps from untrusted sources, it could harm your phone.
Avoid downloading unnecessary software, it slows down the computer.
Avoid drama at work.
Avoid drama with your co-workers.
Avoid drinking alcohol.
Avoid drinking too cool water.
Avoid drinking too much water with your meals.
Avoid dropping the remote on the floor.
Avoid each other's society.
Avoid each other’s society.
Avoid eating heavy meals right before exercising.
Avoid eating moldy figs.
Avoid eating or drinking near the laptop to prevent spills.
Avoid excessive cardio if your goal is muscle gain.
Avoid excitement.
Avoid exercising on an empty stomach.
Avoid exercising when you're injured; let your body heal.
Avoid exposing the CDs to extreme heat or cold.
Avoid exposing the DVDs to extreme temperatures.
Avoid exposing the parrot to cigarette smoke or strong odors.
Avoid exposing the parrot to loud noises or sudden disturbances.
Avoid exposing your parakeet to extreme temperatures or drafts.
Avoid exposure to direct sunlight.
Avoid falling into the trap of fulfilling your adversary's wishes.
Avoid fats.
Avoid fatty food.
Avoid fighting if possible.
Avoid fighting.
Avoid fried foods for a while.
Avoid further harming traumatized people.
Avoid getting into fights.
Avoid giving the hamster foods that are harmful to them.
Avoid giving your tortoise any harmful food.
Avoid going into that room.
Avoid going out.
Avoid going to crowded places.
Avoid going to school.
Avoid going to social events.
Avoid going to the mosque.
Avoid going to work.
Avoid hard work whenever possible.
Avoid heavy labor It will be better in two weeks.
Avoid hitting the TV with any objects, it can break.
Avoid imagining that you are indispensable!
Avoid installing too many apps on the tablet.
Avoid introducing unrelated topics.
Avoid it at all cost.
Avoid it.
Avoid kissing anyone who is not part of your small circle of close contacts.
Avoid laser beams if you don't want to die.
Avoid laughing at misfortune.
Avoid leaning over the riverbank, it's dangerous.
Avoid leaving dirty cutting boards out; wash them after use.
Avoid leaving dirty dishes in the sink overnight.
Avoid leaving dirty dishes in the sink; wash or load them into the dishwasher.
Avoid leaving dirty dishes or glasses scattered around the kitchen.
Avoid leaving dirty dishes or open containers in the fridge.
Avoid leaving dirty utensils on the table or in your room; bring them to the kitchen.
Avoid leaving empty cups or plates in your room; bring them to the kitchen.
Avoid leaving half-empty cups or glasses around the kitchen.
Avoid leaving ingredients or dirty dishes on the counter.
Avoid leaving sticky or sugary spills on the shelves; they can attract pests.
Avoid leaving the fridge door open for extended periods; it wastes energy.
Avoid leaving wet or damp items on the counter, as they can damage it.
Avoid letting this tiny matter affect your mood.
Avoid lifting too much weight at once.
Avoid loud and aggressive persons, they are vexations to the spirit.
Avoid loud noises around the rabbit, they can get scared easily.
Avoid loud noises around your parakeet to keep it calm.
Avoid loud noises near the canary, it can stress them.
Avoid loud noises near the guinea pig's cage.
Avoid loud noises or sudden movements around the turtle.
Avoid making insensitive comments or jokes that can cause discomfort to others.
Avoid making this mistake.
Avoid mass gatherings.
Avoid me and I will follow; follow me and I will avoid you.
Avoid me.
Avoid microwaving flammable or combustible materials.
Avoid mocking people, it's not good.
Avoid moving the DVD player while a disc is playing.
Avoid moving the console while the game is running.
Avoid moving.
Avoid negative comments.
Avoid negative gossip like the plague.
Avoid negative self-talk.
Avoid nosy co-workers.
Avoid office gossipers like nuclear waste.
Avoid office gossipers like the plague.
Avoid office gossipers.
Avoid opening the window; I have no great desire to feel air currents on my back.
Avoid overcommunicating with your boss.
Avoid overdressing.
Avoid overloading the fridge; it can affect its cooling efficiency.
Avoid overloading the pantry; it can lead to items falling out or getting lost.
Avoid overloading the refrigerator; it affects its cooling efficiency.
Avoid overloading the shelves; it can cause them to sag or break.
Avoid overloading the washing machine to ensure the apron gets thoroughly cleaned.
Avoid overplanning.
Avoid oversized portions.
Avoid overthinking.
Avoid overwatering your ivy.
Avoid passive phrases in academic papers.
Avoid people who are sick.
Avoid people who stress you out.
Avoid petting those dogs.
Avoid piling dishes on top of each other; it can lead to breakage.
Avoid piling dishes or groceries on the countertop; it can get cluttered.
Avoid placing any heavy objects on top of the DVD player.
Avoid placing drinks near the TV, accidents happen.
Avoid placing heavy items on glass shelves that may not support the weight.
Avoid placing heavy objects on top of the computer.
Avoid placing hot or steaming dishes directly in the fridge; they can raise its temperature.
Avoid placing the stereo near heat sources, it can cause damage.
Avoid playing loud music around the parrot.
Avoid playing near the river, it's not safe.
Avoid playing with electrical devices near the pool.
Avoid playing with your belly button piercing during the healing period.
Avoid posting or sending anything that could embarrass you later.
Avoid posting or sharing inappropriate or harmful content online.
Avoid pouring hot liquids directly into a cold sink.
Avoid pouring liquids with food scraps down the sink; it can lead to clogs.
Avoid prolonged use of the console. To help prevent eye strain, take a break of about 15 minutes during every hour of play.
Avoid provocative questions.
Avoid pushing or shoving in the lines.
Avoid putting any stickers or tapes on the TV.
Avoid repeating the same behavior in the future.
Avoid repetition.
Avoid rich foods.
Avoid riots.
Avoid rotating your belly button piercing during the healing period.
Avoid running in crowded areas to prevent accidents.
Avoid running near the edge of the lake, it's dangerous.
Avoid saying this word.
Avoid self-centered people.
Avoid sensitive habitats. Observe signs directing you away from important nesting or resting areas.
Avoid sharing your location or whereabouts publicly.
Avoid sharing your passwords with anyone, even friends.
Avoid smoking excessively.
Avoid smoking.
Avoid spilling or splattering oils and strong dyes on your apron.
Avoid spills by using coasters for your drinks.
Avoid spraying any chemicals near the canary's cage.
Avoid stacking dirty dishes or pots on the stove.
Avoid stacking dishes too closely together in the dishwasher; they need space for water to circulate.
Avoid stacking items too high in the cabinets; it can lead to accidents.
Avoid standing out.
Avoid stating that you are the author of everything.
Avoid stepping on the centipede!
Avoid stepping on thorny bushes.
Avoid sticking your fingers into the reptile enclosures, they can bite.
Avoid storing items with strong odors next to other foods.
Avoid storing strong-smelling foods near other items in the refrigerator.
Avoid stress.
Avoid stressful people.
Avoid stuffing the fridge too full; it needs space for air circulation.
Avoid sudden movements around the rabbit, they can startle them.
Avoid sudden movements.
Avoid sudden temperature changes in the fish tank.
Avoid sugary drinks.
Avoid sugary drinks; opt for water instead.
Avoid swearing.
Avoid sweets.
Avoid swimming after heavy rain, the water can be contaminated.
Avoid swimming during high tide when the currents are stronger.
Avoid taking naps during the day.
Avoid taking things personally at work.
Avoid taking unnecessary risks.
Avoid that at all cost.
Avoid that.
Avoid the appearance of evil.
Avoid the danger of slipping on the ice.
Avoid the obstacles.
Avoid the puddles, you might slip and get wet!
Avoid the rush hour.
Avoid the temptation to skip lunch.
Avoid them completely!
Avoid them.
Avoid this topic in her presence.
Avoid this topic in his presence.
Avoid this!
Avoid this.
Avoid those men who are idle.
Avoid those who avoid you.
Avoid those.
Avoid throwing anything into the animal enclosures, it can hurt them.
Avoid throwing liquids directly into the trash can to prevent leaks.
Avoid touching the VCR's internal components.
Avoid touching the antenna, it's delicate.
Avoid touching the bottom side of the DVDs, hold them by the edges.
Avoid touching the console with dirty hands.
Avoid touching the console's sensitive buttons too hard.
Avoid touching the laptop's screen with your fingers.
Avoid touching the shiny side of the CDs.
Avoid touching the shiny surface of the DVD.
Avoid touching the tablet screen with dirty hands.
Avoid touching unfamiliar plants or insects.
Avoid touching your eyes, nose and mouth with unwashed hands.
Avoid touching your eyes, nose and mouth.
Avoid touching your face.
Avoid toxic co-workers.
Avoid toxic people.
Avoid tracking mud or dirt into the kitchen; wipe your feet before entering.
Avoid turning it into a big deal.
Avoid turning your coat.
Avoid undue tension.
Avoid unnecessary drama.
Avoid unproductive gossip.
Avoid us.
Avoid using abrasive cleaners that can damage the stovetop's finish.
Avoid using abrasive scouring pads that can scratch the utensils.
Avoid using abrasive scrubbers that can damage the counter.
Avoid using abrasive scrubbers that can scratch the stovetop.
Avoid using chemicals near the turtle's tank.
Avoid using excessive force when scrubbing the oven to prevent damage.
Avoid using excessive force when scrubbing the stovetop; it can cause damage.
Avoid using fabric softeners on kitchen towels, as they can reduce absorbency.
Avoid using harsh abrasives or scouring pads that can damage the oven's surface.
Avoid using harsh chemicals around the guinea pig's living area.
Avoid using kitchen towels to handle hot cookware; use oven mitts instead.
Avoid using plastic bags for food scraps; opt for compostable bags.
Avoid using plastic containers that aren't microwave-safe.
Avoid using soap or detergents when cleaning the fish tank.
Avoid using strong perfumes or sprays around your parakeet.
Avoid using strong-smelling cleaning products near the hamster's cage.
Avoid using that word when talking about me.
Avoid using the remote while eating or drinking.
Avoid using the remote with sticky fingers.
Avoid using the same words, names, topics, or patterns over and over again.
Avoid using too many words.
Avoid using your phone in the rain, it's not waterproof.
Avoid walking on the streets alone at night.
Avoid war.
Avoid wasting food.
Avoid wasting words.
Avoid wasting your time on social media.
Avoid wearing damp clothing for too long.
Avoid writing long emails.
Avoid yelling or shouting at your puppy; use positive reinforcement.
Avoiding a problem isn't going to help you solve it.
Avoiding conflict can often be a wise choice.
Avoiding masks is not in the Bible, but taking care of others is.
Avoiding one-use kitchen utensils, Elton forgoes apple corers, preferring the more versatile paring knife.
Avoiding the appearance of evil.
Avoiding trouble will not always assure safety.
Avunculicide is more common in mythology than nepoticide.
Aw man! My banana got squished in my bag.
Aw man, that's terrible!
Aw nuts! I lost my wallet.
Aw, all gone..., I wonder if I open the bag again there'll be more.
Aw, has he fallen!
Aw, how can you say that?
Aw, my father's going to China.
Aw, my father’s going to China.
Aw, sorry you missed the show.
Awaiting your quick response . . .
Awake or asleep, she was thinking about it.
Awards can help you get into college.
Awards ceremony podium? Victory stand podium? Please tell me the correct spelling.
Awareness is important.
Awareness is necessary but not sufficient.
Awareness is the Sadhana which will lead you to the goal.
Away to the window I flew like a flash, Tore open the shutters and threw up the sash.
Away up in the fourth-story of his grand house, where his wife never goes, St. Nicholas has a little workshop, and there he sits whenever he gets a chance, making the most wonderful dolls, and gorgeous soldiers, and miraculous jumping-jacks, and tin horns.
Away went the car at full speed.
Away with you!
Away!
Awed by the vision and the voice divine / ('twas no mere dream; their very looks I knew, / I saw the fillets round their temples twine, / and clammy sweat did all my limbs bedew) / forthwith, upstarting, from the couch I flew, / and hands and voice together raised in prayer, / and wine unmixt upon the altars threw. / This done, to old Anchises I repair, / pleased with the rites fulfilled, and all the tale declare.
Awesome!
Awesome! The cherry trees are blooming already.
Awesome.
Aww! The kitty sneezed!
Aww, Mary is unbelievably cute.
Aww, Tom is unbelievably cute.
Aww, are you a cute little kitty-kitty?
Aww, they are so cute together.
Aww, they look so cute together.
Awww!
Awww! What a cute little baby!
Axel is my brother.
Aya has good reason to speak perfect German.
Aya is a Saudi citizen.
Aya likes intense colors, such as hot pink, electric blue and deep purple.
Aya tends to carry things to extremes.
Ayako's skin is sensitive to chemicals.
Ayako’s skin is sensitive to chemicals.
Ayano had a magic spanner that could change its size at will.
Ayano tutted, making a sour face.
Aydar is a Kazakhstani citizen.
Aye aye, sir.
Aye, what a pity! I thought it would clear up finally.
Aye.
Aygul is not in a good position to answer the phone right now as she's holding a meeting.
Aylin is a Kazakhstani citizen.
Ayn Rand took welfare when she got old, because she realized she was human and needed it.
Ayumi's feet were fanned by the river wind.
Ayumi’s feet were fanned by the river wind.
Ayşe is a Turkish citizen.
Azad forgot the sentence.
Azad is from Erbil.
Azad is here.
Azaleas are beautiful.
Azaleas are blooming.
Azeffoun is an Algerian town located in Kabylie.
Azeffoun, Algeria, is a beautiful town.
Azerbaijan has made limited progress with market-based economic reforms.
Azerbaijan is called "Azərbaycan" in Azeri.
Azerbaijan is the largest country in the Caucasus area.
Azerbaijan's citizens were asked to vote on more than 30 proposed amendments to the 1995 constitution. The changes include allowing a president to be elected by a simple majority, rather than two-thirds of the vote and eliminating the party list system, in which voters cast ballots for parties in addition to individual candidates.
Aziz Sergeyevich Shavershian, 22, who was known as "Zyzz" to his legion of online fans, died on Friday after suffering a heart attack in a Bangkok sauna.
Aziz was subsequently elected president in July 2009 and sworn in the following month.
Azrou is a beautiful city.
Azure blue, green, yellow, let's add the red aza, here is the Amazigh flag!
Açorda alentejana was planned for lunch, so Lisa bought garlic and cilantro.
Aït Mahmoud is a village.
Aḥriq is a village located in Kabylia.
B. Franklin was an American statesman and inventor.
BBQ and summer go together.
BBQ brisket is mouthwatering.
BBQ burgers are delicious.
BBQ chicken is finger-licking good.
BBQ parties are so fun.
BBQ sauce adds flavor.
BBQ season is here.
BBQ smoked fills the air.
BBQ wings are a hit.
BDS stands for the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions movement.
BDS started in 2005.
BDSM can be very risky, and should not be entered into lightly.
BDSM dynamics can involve exploring power imbalances in a consensual context.
BDSM emphasizes trust, negotiation, and mutual understanding between partners.
BDSM is a costly hobby.
BDSM is sex for nerds.
BDSM relationships thrive on trust, vulnerability, and mutual understanding.
BDSM stands for Bondage and Discipline, Dominance and Submission, and Sadism and Masochism.
BDSM stands for Bondage, Discipline, Sadism, and Masochism.
BEC refers to black-eyed children.
BLEU (Bilingual Evaluation Understudy) is a method for evaluating the quality of translations made by machine translation systems. The higher the quality of a translation, the more similar it is to a reference translation, which is assumed to be correct.
BLT stands for bacon, lettuce and tomato.
BMI categories (underweight, overweight or obese) from general reading table are inappropriate for athletes, children, the elderly, and the infirm.
BNP Paribas is present in Algeria.
BP made a series of efforts to contain the leak, from deploying a four-story tall underwater balloon to shooting “junk shots” -- a mix of golf balls, rubber balls and other debris -- into the ruptured well.
BPA is widely used in plastics and epoxy resins, including the lining of food cans.
BPA is widely used in plastics and epoxy resins, including the lining of food cans. It has been identified as an endocrine disruptor which means it affects glands and hormones.
BWCDO is also helping villagers build predator-proof corrals to reduce snow leopard attacks.
Baa!
Baba Abdullah was a very wealthy merchant and lived in the city of 'Baghdad' during the reign of the caliph 'Harun er-Rashid'.
Baba Malay is a creole of Pernakans in Malaysia and Singapore. The grammar is more like Hokkien, a Chinese dialect widespread in Southeast Asia. Most of the vocabulary is Malay.
Babe Ruth was casual to the extreme; sometimes he offhandedly struck the ball far out of the baseball park while seeming to have scarcely thought about it.
Babies are bits of star-dust blown from the hand of God. Lucky the woman who knows the pangs of birth, for she has held a star.
Babies are born every second.
Babies are cute.
Babies are delivered by storks.
Babies are innocent.
Babies are interesting to watch.
Babies are not capable of looking after themselves.
Babies are such a blessing.
Babies are very active, and you need to always watch them so that they don't hurt themselves.
Babies aren't grown out of the ground like carrots.
Babies can become dehydrated from a high fever, so I was told that it would be better to send him to the hospital.
Babies crawl before they walk.
Babies cry when they are hungry.
Babies cry when they're hungry.
Babies don't stay babies forever.
Babies grow up inside the amniotic fluid in the womb.
Babies have big heads.
Babies have delicate skin.
Babies learn to crawl before they learn to walk.
Babies need a lot of care.
Babies need love.
Babies often cry when they want to eat.
Babies often fall down.
Babies pick up language from the adults around them and try to imitate them.
Babies really love to chew on the bright plastic toys, especially the ones filled with BPA.
Babies sleep a lot.
Babies start crying in the evening, so I was always carrying him on my back while making dinner.
Babies want plenty of sleep.
Baboons have a very complex system of relationships and communication, which is essential for their survival in the savannah.
Babur established the Mughal Empire.
Babur's full name was Zahir-ud-din Muhammad Babur.
Babur, Humayun, Akbar, Jahangir, Shah Jahan and Aurangzeb are considered the most important Mughal emperors.
Baby Boomers were blamed for the society they failed to adequately change, a preview of what's coming for Millennials and Gen Z.
Baby animals are adorable.
Baby animals are cute.
Baby birds generally can't take to the air until they are several weeks old.
Baby boomers are starting to retire.
Baby clothes for girls cost more than clothes for boys.
Baby ducks are cute.
Baby elephants are cute.
Baby giraffes are called calves.
Baby hedgehogs are adorable.
Baby is sleeping. Don't be so loud.
Baby is sleeping. Don’t be so loud.
Baby lions are cute.
Baby lynxes are cute.
Baby on board. C-section next Monday.
Baby owls are cute.
Baby pandas are cute.
Baby pandas would melt your heart.
Baby poo doesn't smell bad when they are breastfeeding.
Baby slept a great deal, and just beginning to teethe, was cross and less companionable than usual.
Baby starlings are ugly.
Baby teeth are sharp.
Baby you can make my day.
Baby, don't marry that guy! Marry me!
Baby, don't marry that guy, please!
Babylon was famous for its hanging gardens.
Babylon was the capital of ancient Babylonia.
Bacchus has drowned more men than Neptune.
Bach and Handel were contemporaries.
Bach could transform music into pure melancholy.
Bach's Invention No. 8 in F major is well-known.
Bach's music is rich in polyphony.
Bachelet said this was key to finding a pathway out of the country’s economic, humanitarian, and human rights crisis.
Bachelor life is over.
Back 'er up!
Back 'er up.
Back at camp, Ziri was smoking weed by the fire.
Back at the Hollywood sign - this hike has lived through all these years.
Back at the Hollywood sign - this hike has never changed one bit.
Back at the Hollywood sign - this hike has stood the test of time.
Back at the Hollywood sign - this hike is as new as ever.
Back at the Hollywood sign - this hike stayed the same for years.
Back at their home in the pine tree, Echo's mother told him a story.
Back away from Tom.
Back away from her.
Back away from him.
Back away from me.
Back away from that girl.
Back away from the computer.
Back away from the window and come to me.
Back away from the window.
Back away or I'm gonna fire.
Back away, Tom.
Back away.
Back before smartphones were a thing, I had a personal digital assistant.
Back down.
Back in 185 A.D., Chinese astronomers noted something they called a “guest star,” which mysteriously appeared in the sky and remained there for about eight months.
Back in 1967, with the revolution in its infancy, this reporter visited China's Great Wall and captured on film the smiling young people whose enthusiastic embrace of Marxism, Leninism and Maoism was the revolution's key force.
Back in 2002 and several years thereafter, I regularly attended meditation sessions at Wat Yanviriya Buddhist Temple in East Vancouver, BC. I came to know the Thai culture more because of it. Pāli chanting, moon festivals, relics viewing, et cetera were part of my life then. I remember a spacious hall with hardwood floors and a Buddha altar in front. In summers, the doors would be open to the sunny green outside. In the wetter seasons at night, candles would be lit in the silent darkness inside. (I wore a black Australian Outback jacket then.) Omnipresent was the Ajahn Bhoontam in orange robe, he conducting the rituals. Our saṅgha or congregation was medium-sized and multiethnic. A real saṅgha full of Thais allowed us to share the rustic building. The two groups met at different times.
Back in 2004, Ziri was hitching across Algeria.
Back in 2014 Sheppard and his colleague Chad Trujillo at Northern Arizona University were the first scientists to theorize about the existence of a giant planet in the outer solar system that is now being called Planet 9.
Back in Algeria, Ziri was trying to help Rima.
Back in Kabylie, I was going through a really tough time.
Back in Kabylie, they used to call him "Bingo."
Back in a mo'.
Back in her office, Martha burst into tears.
Back in her office, she picked up her phone and dialled Charlie's number.
Back in her room, Amanda burst into tears.
Back in high school, I got up at 6 a.m. every morning.
Back in his room, Yuri was reading Martha's letter.
Back in my day there weren't this many opportunities to travel.
Back in my day, little jerks would take anyone who was different and beat them with sticks in the schoolyard while the teacher would turn a blind eye. Nowadays, they beat them on social media or online forums, sometimes even pushing some of them to suicide. Methods have evolved, but sadly, human nature is still the same.
Back in my day, we had to use a CD burner to burn data to a CD.
Back in my day, we respected our elders, because there were only two of them.
Back in my day, you had to pay for things like that.
Back in my days, Tatoeba would load in under thirty seconds.
Back in the 1970's, it wasn't allowed to teach Berber in Algeria.
Back in the 1970s, Algeria had collective farms.
Back in the 1970s, Algeria had cooperative farms everywhere.
Back in the 1970s, Algeria had cooperative farms.
Back in the 1970s, Matoub was already a burgeoning start.
Back in the 1980s American pop artist Andy Warhol did some experimentation with what was then a brand new computer called the Amiga.
Back in the 1980s, one summer, I worked in the beer garden at the Pacific National Exhibition. I really enjoyed the strawberry waffles with whipped cream and the Vietnamese platters for my lunch breaks.
Back in the 1980s, scientists developed a glowing plant, but it required the injection of luciferin, a compound found in many bioluminescent organisms.
Back in the 1990s, Algeria had lousy infrastructure.
Back in the 1990s, Algeria was incredibly unstable.
Back in the 19th century, Algeria was a French colony.
Back in the Phuthaditjaba Tavern, couples grope in corners, while Bob Marley serenades the darkness.
Back in the Soviet Union, the dogs Veterok ("Breeze") and Ugolyok ("Little Lump Of Coal") were launched aboard Kosmos 110 by the Soviet Union on February 22, 1966.
Back in the camp, UNHCR has installed large water tanks to supply what has become a town of tents and prefab units (housing more than 36,000 individuals).
Back in the day, programs used to be distributed as shareware.
Back in the day, the "Over 9000!" meme was all over the internet.
Back in the day, we'd go out and do all kinds of illegal stuff.
Back in the day, we’d go out and do all kinds of illegal stuff.
Back in the days when it snowed in winter, children would ride sledges, have snowball fights or build snowmen.
Back in the early 20th century, many thought that Venus was a watery world. Now in the 21st century, we know that Venus is like a big misty oven.
Back in those days, I loved to play checkers.
Back in those days, we used to have a lot of visitors.
Back in.
Back into the hole where I was born.
Back it up.
Back of the line!
Back of the line, kid.
Back off!
Back off, Tom.
Back off, you creep! Never touch me again!
Back off.
Back out.
Back pain can be debilitating.
Back pain is caused by sitting.
Back then I had no choice.
Back then it was different.
Back then there were no computers.
Back then there were no mobile phones, only telephone boxes.
Back then they were little more than boys.
Back then, Boris had a close friend named Walid.
Back then, I didn't earn enough to support my family.
Back then, I had to spend half an hour each day on the tram to university, so I would use that time to learn languages.
Back then, I lived in Kabylie, Algeria.
Back then, I only ate junk food.
Back then, I was rich.
Back then, I went to bed earlier.
Back then, Kabyle programming was scarce on Algerian television.
Back then, Tom was a lot shorter.
Back then, Yanni didn't know Ziri was his father.
Back then, all the calculations were done by hand.
Back then, he didn't have much money.
Back then, he was really small.
Back then, my wife was still my girlfriend.
Back then, not all windows had panes.
Back then, not everyone had cellphones.
Back then, our grandparents had a cesspool which they sometimes had to empty.
Back then, people communicated using smoke signals.
Back then, there was no electricity, but people were happier than they are now.
Back then, they plowed the fields with horses and mules.
Back then, toilet paper wasn't so soft.
Back then, we were rich.
Back then, we weren't afraid to try anything.
Back then, women didn't have the right to vote.
Back then, you had to buy a platform ticket if you wanted to accompany someone to the train.
Back to Account Security.
Back to North America from Japan, I was in the Seattle area. I bought a book about learning Sanskrit, as I became more interested in Hinduism and Buddhism. The bookstores were good in that area.
Back to my friends I haste.
Back to the topic of the forest.
Back to your stations!
Back up a little more.
Back up a little.
Back up all your work.
Back up and wait.
Back up important files regularly in case of any issues.
Back up there.
Back up your files.
Back up!
Back up.
Back when I was but a filly, I would spend hours trotting through the plains with my sister.
Back when I was in university, I used to work at a cafe.
Back when Mumbai was Bombay, it used to have signboards in Gujarati as well.
Back when Tom was the manager we'd get out at five most days.
Back when it still used to snow in winter, children would ride sledges, have snowball fights or build snowmen.
Back when it was first introduced, the telephone was quite the novelty.
Back when it was still in beta, the game had many glitches and bugs.
Back when there were still hundred yen bills, the American dollar was worth 360 yen.
Back when we were a nation of 200 million people, 38 percent of us lived in the suburbs. Now fully HALF of our 300 million people do. Housing tracts have displaced pastures and quiet copses and turned suburbs into centers of economic and political power. And everything you may have heard about explosive growth in what we call the "Sun Belt" is true. Just about half of our 300 million people now live in the sunny South and West. That's twice as many people as lived there 39 years ago.
Back your car up from there.
Back, from another quarter of the sky, / dark-ambushed, round the clamorous Harpies fly / with taloned claws, and taste and taint the prey.
Backflips can be dangerous.
Backstabbing is cowardly.
Backup is already on the way.
Backup tokens can be used when your primary and backup phone numbers aren't available.
Backup your important files regularly.
Backyard parties are always fun.
Bacon Donuts don't sound very tasty.
Bacon adds a smoky taste.
Bacon adds flavor to sandwiches.
Bacon and eggs is his order.
Bacon comes from pigs.
Bacon complements burgers.
Bacon grease flavors dishes.
Bacon is a breakfast staple.
Bacon is a guilty pleasure.
Bacon is a popular pizza topping.
Bacon is a savory delight.
Bacon is an overly processed food. It is healthier to eat a pork chop.
Bacon, lard, butter, cream, margarine and oil are all very fatty foods.
Bacon, lard, butter, cream, margarine, and oil are very greasy ingredients.
Bacon-wrapped asparagus is delicious.
Bacon-wrapped dates are a hit.
Bacon-wrapped shrimp is a treat.
Bacteria are everywhere.
Bacteria are invisible to the naked eye.
Bacteria are just tiny harmless cells.
Bacteria are microbes.
Bacteria are microorganisms.
Bacteria are microscopic organisms.
Bacteria are so small that they cannot be seen with the naked eye.
Bacteria are the only culture some people have.
Bacteria can grow in a blocked pore.
Bacteria can hide in grooves in cutting boards.
Bacteria do not reproduce in alcohol.
Bacteria have DNA as genetic material.
Bacteria in our bodies compete for survival, just like animals in the wild. And Staphyloccocus lugdunensis makes a really odd-looking chain of amino acids scientists have dubbed lugdunin, that keeps S. aureus at bay.
Bacteria replicate in an autonomous fashion.
Bacteria reproduce by fission.
Bacteria started to fester in the kitchen sink.
Bacteria usually form colonies.
Bacteria will not breed in alcohol.
Bacteria, like cyanobacteria, consist of only one cell.
Bacteria, not humans, rule this planet.
Bacterial colonization of the intestine occurs after birth.
Bactrian camels can drink up to 57 liters of water at once.
Bactrian camels can survive both extremely hot and extremely cold weather.
Bactrian camels have two humps on their back.
Bactrian camels served as pack animals for the caravans on the Silk Road.
Bad English is the most widespread language in the world.
Bad actors and trolls looking to exploit people's fears around coronavirus are using a variety of techniques to sow confusion. False news articles are just a small part of this.
Bad answers show the way to the right ones.
Bad as it was, it could have been worse.
Bad as it was, it could've been worse.
Bad becomes good when worse happens.
Bad books will do you harm.
Bad boy!
Bad children love to torment animals.
Bad children need to be punished.
Bad cold is prevailing throughout the country.
Bad comes.
Bad days are temporary.
Bad days do happen.
Bad decisions always lead to bad consequences.
Bad dog!
Bad drivers drive up everyone's insurance costs.
Bad drivers should have their licenses taken away from them.
Bad driving and speeding cause accidents.
Bad faith is so despicable!
Bad friends bear bad fruit.
Bad girl!
Bad government is bad government.
Bad government just redistributes the income, but good government supports economic growth.
Bad habits are easy to get into.
Bad habits are hard to break.
Bad habits are not easily broken.
Bad habits die hard.
Bad hair day.
Bad haircut?
Bad laws are the worst sort of tyranny.
Bad luck seems to follow me.
Bad luck!
Bad manners can be rude.
Bad manners shade imperceptibly into crime: both have their roots in an absence of concern for others.
Bad milk tastes sour.
Bad money always comes back.
Bad money drives out good.
Bad news arrives earlier than good news.
Bad news is preferable to an absence of information.
Bad news spread quickly.
Bad news spreads quickly.
Bad news travels fast.
Bad news travels quickly.
Bad odors trigger a strong reaction in me.
Bad people are at the helm of the nation.
Bad people aren't born bad.
Bad people do bad things.
Bad people go to Hell and good people go to Heaven.
Bad people go to Hell.
Bad people often fight each other.
Bad people sometimes agree with good things for the wrong reason.
Bad people sometimes support good things for the wrong reason.
Bad people were behind this.
Bad people will be arrested and judged for their crimes.
Bad people will pay one day.
Bad promises are better broken than kept.
Bad seed must produce bad corn.
Bad siblings are like fringes' wires; if you stretch them too much, they break; if you leave them as they are, they will intertwine.
Bad smells really bother me.
Bad talk can only come from garbage.
Bad teeth often cause pain.
Bad things almost never happen here.
Bad things always happen to Tom.
Bad things always happen to me.
Bad things are behind me.
Bad things are going to happen.
Bad things can happen.
Bad things happen to good people.
Bad things happen.
Bad things have been happening.
Bad things just happen.
Bad things keep happening to me.
Bad things keep happening to us.
Bad things keep happening.
Bad things shouldn't be multiplied.
Bad things tend to happen to people who don't pay on time.
Bad things will happen.
Bad thoughts are like TV channels: if one comes in that we don't like, simply change it. We are the remote holders.
Bad thoughts give birth to bad actions.
Bad thoughts lead to bad actions.
Bad thoughts lead to bad deeds.
Bad treatment fanned his dislike to hate.
Bad weather delayed takeoff for two hours.
Bad weather discouraged them from going on a picnic.
Bad weather doesn't last forever; human suffering will not endure forever.
Bad weather forced us to call off the picnic.
Bad weather had prevented him from getting ashore.
Bad weather hindered the air raid.
Bad weather is no obstacle.
Bad weather kept us from going out.
Bad weather meant we had to delay our departure.
Bad weather oppressed me.
Bad weather prevented me from doing the sights of Nara.
Bad weather prevented me from setting out.
Bad weather prevented them from sailing.
Bad weather prevented us from departing.
Bad weather prevented us from leaving.
Bad weather prevented us from starting.
Bad weather upset our plans to go on a hike.
Bad weather will ground the plane.
Bad weather won't last forever.
Bad wheat always makes poor bread.
Bad work makes bad things.
Badajoz is a city in Spain.
Badajoz is about 330 km south-west of Madrid.
Baden-Württemberg is… somewhere down there on the left!
Badgers are born blind, furred, and helpless.
Badgers dig deep holes.
Badi is a Tuareg nomad.
Badis and Guellid are my friends.
Badis can read and write in Arabic.
Badis can recognize Arabic words with ease.
Badis can understand Tamazight with ease.
Badis carries an Arabic dictionary with him at all times.
Badis engages in conversations with Arabic speakers at every possible opportunity.
Badis even penned a novel in Arabic.
Badis has access to the Internet via his smartphone.
Badis is looking to improve his Arabic.
Badis keeps an online blog in Arabic.
Badis learns Arabic with podcasts.
Badis learnt Arabic on an app.
Badis listened to the Arabic translation.
Badis managed to improve his Arabic vocabulary and syntax.
Badis plays the crossword in Arabic.
Badis plays word games to master Arabic.
Badis reads Arabic regularly.
Badis reads and writes in Arabic.
Badis speaks Arabic as a second language.
Badis typed the sentence in Tamazight.
Badis wants to get on top of the Arabic language.
Badis wants to improve his Arabic skills.
Badminton is a lot of fun.
Badminton is a racket sport just like tennis, but it's played with a shuttlecock instead of a ball.
Baffled by Sherlock Holmes' cryptic remarks, Watson wondered whether Holmes was intentionally concealing his thoughts about the crime.
Baffled by Sherlock Holmes’ cryptic remarks, Watson wondered whether Holmes was intentionally concealing his thoughts about the crime.
Bag your face!
Bagels and cream cheese are a classic pairing.
Bagels are my favorite breakfast food.
Baghdad is Iraq's capital.
Baghdad is the capital of Iraq.
Baghdad was captured by the US in 2003.
Bagpipes produce a very strange sound.
Bagpuss was an old, saggy cloth cat.
Bags I go first!
Bags of cocaine were found in her office.
Bags of cocaine were found in his office.
Bagsy the front seat!
Baguettes are delicious.
Bah!
Bah, these people are of no interest to me!
Bahasa Malaysia and Bahasa Indonesia are almost the same, but their vocabularies are very different.
Bahrain became a kingdom in 2002.
Bahrain has announced it will hold its Formula 1 Grand Prix later this month, but without any spectators.
Bahrain's currency is the dinar.
Baháʼís build beautiful temples.
Bail has been set at thirty thousand dollars.
Bail has been set at three million dollars.
Bail is set at $300,000.
Bail is set at thirty thousand dollars.
Bail was set at thirty thousand dollars.
Bail was set at three million dollars.
Bail!
Bairbre is careful.
Bake a cake.
Bake at 240°C (thermostat 8), and lower 5 min. later to 200°C (thermostat 6-7); let bake 10 more min. Keep an eye on the baking!
Bake for one hour in a moderate oven.
Bake for three-quarters of an hour and serve hot with sugar and rich cream.
Bake in the preheated oven for 1 hour.
Bake in the preheated oven until a paring knife easily inserts into the center of a potato, about 1 hour. Set aside to cool for about 10 minutes.
Bake stuffed potatoes until golden brown on top, 20 to 30 minutes.
Bake two dozen cored apples.
Bake until golden brown.
Bake until the syrup is thick and serve with whipped cream.
Bake until the top is golden brown.
Baked beans make a tasty side dish.
Baked trout is my favourite fish.
Baker Street was like an oven, and the glare of the sunlight upon the yellow brickwork of the house across the road was painful to the eye.
Baker Street was like an oven, and the glare of the sunlight upon the yellow brickwork of the house across the road was painful to the eye. It was hard to believe that these were the same walls which loomed so gloomily through the fogs of winter.
Baker Street was like an oven.
Bakhmut holds.
Baking a cake takes more time than frying an egg.
Baking apple pie fills the house with a wholesome aroma.
Baking bread is an art.
Baking is fun.
Baking soda is good at absorbing bad smells in the fridge.
Baking soda is needed.
Bakir is Layla's maiden name.
Baklava are sweet pastries made from layers of filo dough filled with chopped nuts.
Baklava made with pistachios is more likely to be found in Iran.
Baku is Azerbaijan's capital.
Baku is located on the southern shore of the Absheron Peninsula.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan.
Balance and moderation are key in everything.
Balance is key in complex situations.
Balance isn't always easy.
Balance simply means giving equal time to both sides of an issue, or not giving one side more importance.
Balancing himself on the tail of a comet, the astronaut explored the Milky Way.
Balancing work and life can seem like an impossible task. Meeting the demands of family, children, work, and personal health can feel like climbing a greased pole. But Argosy University Associate Professor Nancy Aragon has some tips to achieving work-life balance.
Balasana is a resting pose.
Balashikha is a nice city 20 kilometres east of Moscow.
Bald people leaving for San Francisco can't put any flowers into their hair.
Balderdash and piffle!
Bale needs to be more careful when playing because he’s already been given one yellow card.
Bale was fouled, and his team was awarded a free kick.
Baleen whales, such as gray and humpback whales, have hundreds of comb-like plates with stiff bristles growing from the upper jaw to strain small food from huge mouthfuls of water.
Bali is also known as the island of the Gods.
Bali is called the island of the Gods.
Balkan languages that aren't closely related still share similar features.
Ball games, such as basketball and ping-pong, are usually played indoors.
Ball pythons look like long puppies.
Ballet dancers need to be both strong and flexible.
Ballet is practically all we talk about.
Ballet isn't just for girls but for boys too.
Ballet life is not easy.
Balling his fists, Tom left the room.
Balloons were randomly popping.
Balls are round.
Balls!
Balmoral Castle is a Scottish estate owned by the British Royal Family.
Baloney!
Balt was ferociously exultant, Emerson was boiling with impatience, while Fraser, whose calm nothing disturbed, slept most of the time, observing that this was his last good bed for a while, and therefore he wished to make it work.
Balthazar, at random!
Bamako is Mali's capital.
Bamako is the capital of Mali.
Bamboo bends before the wind.
Bamboo grows in the garden.
Bamboo is a fascinating grass.
Bamboo is growing in the yard.
Bamboo shoots can be cooked like vegetables.
Bamboo stands out in the woods.
Bamboos are one of the fastest growing plants on the planet.
Ban Ki-Moon needs $16 million more for his project.
Ban Ki-Moon needs to find $40 billion for his project.
Ban him.
Ban the word "Palestine" then blame it on the algorithms.
Ban this fag.
Banak peninsula in northern Norway reported temperatures Monday of 32° C - highly unusual for the Arctic Circle.
Banana ketchup is a popular condiment in the Philippines.
Bananal Island, in the Araguaia River in Goias State, Brazil, is the largest river island in the world.
Bananas and chocolate go well together, don't they?
Bananas are a good source of potassium.
Bananas are a kind of fruit.
Bananas are an excellent source of potassium.
Bananas are cheap in Algeria.
Bananas are delicious.
Bananas are energizing.
Bananas are gold in the morning, silver in the afternoon, and many say they kill at night.
Bananas are good for your health.
Bananas are high in potassium.
Bananas are phallic.
Bananas are relatively cheap in Algeria.
Bananas are ridiculously cheap.
Bananas are slightly radioactive due to their potassium content.
Bananas are yellow.
Bananas aren't native to Algeria.
Bananas before a workout make me bloated.
Bananas can be cultivated in Algeria.
Bananas don't prevent people from catching the virus.
Bananas ripen quickly.
Bananas were an extreme rarity in the USSR.
Bananas, apples and oranges are all fruits.
Bancus and I had a conversation on IRC.
Band is on Friday.
Band together.
Bandage the wound.
Bandar Seri Begawan is the capital of Brunei.
Bandits ran away from the city.
Bang a gong.
Bang guitarist will become a dad for the second time, announces a spokesperson for the band.
Bang!
Banging started on the bathroom door.
Bangkok is Thailand's capital city.
Bangkok is Thailand's capital.
Bangkok is the capital of Thailand.
Bangkok, Thailand is one of the hottest cities in world. The temperature reaches 32°C or higher on almost every day of the year.
Bangla, also known as Bengali, is the official and most widely spoken language in Bangladesh.
Bangladesh Army has started an ambitious modernisation program for its infantry soldiers.
Bangladesh Bank does not store this information separately.
Bangladesh Bank has agreed to provide some facilities.
Bangladesh Bank has already launched an SME Department.
Bangladesh Bank has also assured full cooperation.
Bangladesh Bank has been asked to increase surveillance in this regard.
Bangladesh Bank has conducted several investigations in this regard.
Bangladesh Bank has introduced a modern access control system to increase security.
Bangladesh Bank has nothing to do.
Bangladesh Bank has recently released this information.
Bangladesh Bank has regulated school banking policies in a very controlled manner.
Bangladesh Bank is also allowing such loans.
Bangladesh Bank is also working towards this goal.
Bangladesh Bank issued this order yesterday.
Bangladesh Bank said that city corporations will be added to it.
Bangladesh Bank was also providing various advices.
Bangladesh Bank was requested by the government to create the fund.
Bangladesh Bank will also monitor these.
Bangladesh Bank's policy making is based on the audit report.
Bangladesh ICT Journalist Forum is a partner.
Bangladesh ICT Journalist Forum was the partner of this event.
Bangladesh Science Museum is cooperating in this.
Bangladesh Television is a state-owned television network.
Bangladesh achieved independence under his leadership.
Bangladesh and China are two distinct countries with different cultural, political, and economic systems.
Bangladesh became a member of the United Nations in 1974.
Bangladesh became an independent country in 1971.
Bangladesh became independent in 1971.
Bangladesh can be one of the destinations for its transfer.
Bangladesh can be that destination.
Bangladesh consists of eight divisions, 64 districts and 495 subdistricts.
Bangladesh declared itself as independent from Pakistan in 1971 after a liberation war in which over a million people died.
Bangladesh fought a war against Pakistan in 1971.
Bangladesh government's attitude in this regard is also positive.
Bangladesh has a system of taxation based on the ability of individuals.
Bangladesh has a vibrant music and dance culture, with traditional music and dance styles such as Baul and Jari.
Bangladesh has also progressed gradually since that time.
Bangladesh has been participating in this competition since last year.
Bangladesh has come a long way in achieving economic independence.
Bangladesh has consistently made large contributions to United Nations peacekeeping operations.
Bangladesh has deteriorated in terms of getting loans.
Bangladesh has made a long term modernisation plan for its Armed Forces.
Bangladesh has made significant progress in reducing poverty and improving health and education in recent years.
Bangladesh has more work to do in this regard.
Bangladesh has never signed these two charters.
Bangladesh has not yet recognized Israel.
Bangladesh has to take effective steps for that.
Bangladesh is a country in South Asia, bordered by India to the north, east, and west and Myanmar to the southeast.
Bangladesh is a country in South Asia.
Bangladesh is a country with a lot to offer visitors.
Bangladesh is a country with a rich history and culture.
Bangladesh is a densely populated country.
Bangladesh is a developing country with a low per capita income.
Bangladesh is a diverse country with a rich culture and history.
Bangladesh is a populous and developing country in South Asia.
Bangladesh is a secular country with a Muslim majority.
Bangladesh is a victim of negative branding in many respects.
Bangladesh is advancing in the field of information and technology.
Bangladesh is among the most densely populated countries in the world.
Bangladesh is an Asian country.
Bangladesh is an important market for us.
Bangladesh is an independent country.
Bangladesh is considered to be a middle power in global politics.
Bangladesh is divided into eight administrative divisions.
Bangladesh is gradually transitioning to a green economy.
Bangladesh is home to numerous scenic natural attractions, including the world's largest delta, the Sundarbans and the world's longest natural sea beach, Cox's Bazar.
Bangladesh is known for its rich textile industry, which is a major contributor to its economy.
Bangladesh is located in South East Asia.
Bangladesh is moving forward through creativity.
Bangladesh is no stranger to deadly fires and disasters involving high-rise buildings and government critics say safety standards are still lax.
Bangladesh is not that interested in it.
Bangladesh is one of the fastest growing country in the world and aim to play a leading role in this emerging market of Bangladesh through development of a platform for the manufacturing industry.
Bangladesh is preparing to join the conference.
Bangladesh is prominently featured in Jack Denton's latest novel.
Bangladesh is slightly smaller than Tajikistan in terms of area.
Bangladesh is still far behind in terms of electricity.
Bangladesh is the eighth most populous country in the world, with a population of approximately 164 million people.
Bangladesh is the second largest economy in South Asia.
Bangladesh is the third-most populous Muslim-majority state in the world.
Bangladesh is totally dependent on India for importing onions.
Bangladesh joined the Commonwealth of Nations in 1972 and the United Nations in 1974.
Bangladesh makes about 80 films a year.
Bangladesh military ranks, essentially corresponds to those used by the armed forces of the commonwealth nations.
Bangladesh national cricket team batsman Nasir Hossain said this.
Bangladesh national cricket team cricketer Taskin Ahmed was not present at the event that day.
Bangladesh need relief for flood affected people.
Bangladesh plays an important role in the geopolitical affairs of the Indo-Pacific due to its strategic location between South and Southeast Asia.
Bangladesh was constitutionally proclaimed as the first secular state of South Asia in 1972.
Bangladesh will benefit from it commercially.
Bangladesh will insist on safeguarding the interests of LDC.
Bangladesh will not suffer much in this.
Bangladesh won't forget him easily.
Bangladesh's capital and largest city is Dhaka.
Bangladesh's customs are not so different from India's.
Bangladesh's visually impaired cricketers plays under the captaincy of Hafizur Rahman Bullet.
Bangladesh, a country of food shortage, is now exporting food.
Bangladesh-Pakistan cricket series was going on at that time.
Bangladeshi boys rarely get a chance to eat fish in Mumbai.
Banglalink customers in Bangladesh are now getting this benefit.
Bangui is the capital of the Central African Republic.
Banh Mi are Vietnamese sandwiches.
Banisadr, who returned to Iran with the founder of the Islamic Republic Ayatollah Khomeini after the downfall of Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi in 1979, was elected with the support of his mentor Khomeini in 1980.
Banish this sorrow from your heart!
Banjul is the capital of Gambia.
Bank deposits in Nakhchivan increased by 10%.
Bank lending is rising because of lower interest rates.
Bank robbery will cost you ten years in prison.
Bank services are getting more and more expensive.
Bankers are ecocidal maniacs and must be destroyed to save the earth.
Bankers rule the world.
Banking reforms have helped increase private-sector growth and investment.
Bankruptcy is to the employer what dismissal is to the employee.
Banks across the country had closed their doors.
Banks always have hidden fees.
Banks are cutting lending to industrial borrowers.
Banks are financial institutions that invest money deposited by the clients, give it back when required, lend money with interest, and exchange currency.
Banks are struggling.
Banks are willing to loan you money so long as you already have money.
Banks as well as some companies will be closed next Monday.
Banks as well as some companies will be closed next week.
Banks as well as some companies won't be open next Monday.
Banks charge higher interest on loans to risky customers.
Banks closed their doors.
Banks insist their staff give independent advice to customers while assisting with financial planning, despite the obvious evidence to the contrary.
Banks must have 2% collateral; 98% of the cases, they practically lend out nothing.
Banks open at nine o'clock.
Banks open at nine o’clock.
Banks refused to lend money to Japanese-Americans.
Banks that made imprudent loans and buyers who overextended themselves to buy houses they could not afford are part of the reason behind the mortgage crisis. Consumers also lacked financial knowledge, experts say.
Banks will try to lend you an umbrella on a sunny day, but they will turn their backs on a rainy day.
Banks withdraw money from economies transaction by transaction.
Banned books are books to which free access is not permitted.
Banners hung from the walls of the castle.
Banning religious symbols in a government that gets days off for several Christian holidays is just Christian supremacy.
Banning smoking in restaurants is very popular, even with smokers!
Baptisms are celebrated in churches.
Baptist Ivan Moiseev was killed in 1972 for preaching the gospel while serving in the army.
Baptists reject infant baptism.
Bar fencing and boxing I had few athletic tastes.
Barack Obama is a Christian.
Barack Obama is a committed capitalist.
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear weapons, but is not against them in all wars.
Barack Obama is the 44th President of the United States.
Barack Obama is the President of the USA.
Barack Obama is the President of the United States.
Barack Obama was a center-right president.
Barack Obama was reelected President of the United States.
Barack Obama was the first African-American president of the United States.
Barack Obama's mother, Ann Dunham, was an anthropologist.
Barbados is a member of the Commonwealth.
Barbancourt's rum was first distilled in Port-au-Prince in the 1860s by Dupre Barbancourt, a French cognac maker.
Barbara is a brainless bimbo.
Barbara is reading a newspaper.
Barbara knew that only in David's arms could she sleep well.
Barbara regaled us with amazing stories about her trip to Tibet.
Barbara was killed by Alister.
Barbara's success is beyond question.
Barbara’s success is beyond question.
Barbary fig produces very expensive oil.
Barbary lions are extinct.
Barbary lions are now extinct in the wild.
Barbary lions have gone extinct in Algeria.
Barbary macaques are social animals living in groups of several dozen individuals.
Barbary macaques are the only monkey species in Algeria.
Barbary macaques are the only monkeys in North Africa.
Barbary macaques live in troops of dozens of animals.
Barbecue is Tom's specialty.
Barbecues are fun and pleasant, but I can't stand it when the smoke goes into my eyes.
Barbecuing is forbidden here.
Barbecuing is one way to cook meat.
Barbecuing isn't allowed here.
Barber poles are a rare sight nowadays, except in smaller towns.
Barbie has blond hair and blue eyes.
Barcelona is going to beat Liverpool.
Barcelona is in Spain.
Barcelona is located in Catalonia.
Barcelona is located in Spain.
Barcelona is the capital city of Catalonia and the second largest city in Spain.
Barcelona is the capital of Catalonia, and is the second biggest city in Spain.
Barcelona is the capital of Catalonia.
Barcelona is the heaven of Catalan cuisine.
Barcelona is the largest city in Catalonia.
Barcelona will negotiate with Unidense for Alexis Sánchez.
Barclay's devotion to his wife was greater than his wife's to Barclay.
Barclays manipulated Libor.
Barcodes have made getting through the checkout much faster.
Bare shelves have more to do with logistics than how much food is being produced.
Bare soil is damaged soil.
Bare were her knees, and from her shoulders hung / the wonted bow, kept handy for the prey / her flowing raiment in a knot she strung, / and loosed her tresses with the winds to play.
Bared stands the inmost palace, and behold, / the stately chambers and the courts appear / of Priam and the Trojan Kings of old, / and warders at the door with shield an spear.
Barely a portion of it remained.
Barely a third of the population in this country have access to the Internet.
Barely an hour passes that I don't think about you with love.
Barely anything else was left behind.
Barely awake, they left with them.
Barely born yesterday, he is already a man today.
Barely done with their food, they took off.
Barely had they entered the stadium, when the match began.
Barf me out.
Barf! What the hell are you wearing?
Bargaining does not force the purchase.
Bargaining is normal in this country.
Bargains can be found if you know what to look for.
Barges filled with tourists glide around hairpin bends, past cobblestone walkways and beneath arched stone bridges.
Barges transported the gypsum to factories, where it was transformed into material for construction and medical plasters.
Baristas need to make a sitcom.
Barium is a chemical element with the symbol Ba.
Barking at strangers is a habit common to many dogs.
Barking dogs don't always bite.
Barking dogs don't bite.
Barking dogs don’t always bite.
Barking dogs don’t bite.
Barking dogs never bite.
Barking dogs seldom bite.
Barking is part of the language of dogs.
Barley and wheat grow in the fields around the village.
Barley bread is beneficial for health.
Barley bread is good for health.
Barley is a cereal.
Barley is our country's main product.
Barley is our main product.
Barley is planted in this field.
Barley will be planted in this field.
Barman, I need a drink.
Barn's heating is in bad shape, comes the milk in cubic shape.
Barnard's Star is about 5.96 light years away from our Sun.
Barney was wounded seriously.
Barns are painted red because red paint is cheap.
Barns that have survived have become romantic landmarks and nostalgic curiosities. Thousands have been put to non-agricultural uses as historic museums, antique shops, firehouses and bed-and-breakfast inns. Preservationists are pleased that these relics have been rescued. But almost always, something is missing from this happy picture: a cornfield or a pasture.
Barny is a chihuahua from our imagination, and when he barks he scares the pants off half the population.
Barnyard references abound in French.
Barn’s heating is in bad shape, comes the milk in cubic shape.
Baron said clinicians in countries where rotavirus is a serious health threat are waiting for the green light from the World Health Organization to begin immunizing children with the new vaccine.
Baroque architecture was once considered new wave, before it was usurped by Rococo architecture.
Baroque music refers to Western music composed from 1600 to 1750.
Barren trees are the fir, elder, birch, cypress, beech, ivy, sallow, linden and so on, but most of them afford shade.
Barricades across driveways say "Keep Out."
Barrichello drives very fast.
Barrier islands are long, sandy islands near the coast.
Barring anything unforeseen everything should turn all right.
Barring snow, father will come home.
Barring unforeseen circumstances, we'll be closed in a year's time.
Barry Taylor's name has been put forward for the post of chairman.
Barry Taylor's name was put forward for the position of president.
Barry Taylor’s name has been put forward for the post of chairman.
Barry Taylor’s name was put forward for the position of president.
Barry already left.
Barry and Prue would have given him almost anything they had, for he was a great friend and crony of theirs.
Barry hits the bottle every now and then.
Barry is a transhumanist and believes that soft robotics parts can aid his disability.
Barry, a transhumanist, has a soft robotics part which is his right arm.
Barrymore was crouching at the window, with the candle held against the glass.
Bars in this area close at midnight.
Barsoom Garden is the biggest botanical garden on Mars.
Barsoom was the biggest Martian town. It had the fanciest saloon. It was the Wild, Wild Red.
Barstis’s test, which she developed with colleagues at nearby Notre Dame University, consists of chemically treated paper the size of a business card. A person simply rubs a pill on the paper and dips it in water. She says color changes on the paper indicate suspicious ingredients.
Bart has had his diploma since 2003.
Bartender, I need a refill.
Bartender, I'd like to have a drink.
Bartender, I’d like to have a drink.
Barter, however, was a very unsatisfactory system because people's needs seldom matched exactly.
Barter, however, was a very unsatisfactory system because people’s needs seldom matched exactly.
Bartering is an important part of the economy.
Bartholomew wants to eat a pineapple cake.
Bartlett calls it a win-win situation.
Barton is concerned about the burden he will place on his father, a single parent of two.
Barton is still unsure how his work-study job will be affected at Harvard.
Baruch Hashem.
Baruch is Yaakov's husband.
Basalt is a type of rock that forms when lava solidifies.
Base jumping is an extreme sport.
Base jumping is such a spectacular sport!
Baseball doesn't interest him too much.
Baseball games are long.
Baseball is a lot more fun than golf.
Baseball is a lot of fun.
Baseball is a popular sport in Taiwan.
Baseball is a popular sport in several Latin American countries.
Baseball is a sport, and so is mountaineering.
Baseball is a strange and boring game.
Baseball is a team sport.
Baseball is an interesting sport.
Baseball is big business.
Baseball is boring.
Baseball is by far the most popular sport in Japan.
Baseball is different from cricket.
Baseball is fun to watch.
Baseball is my favorite sport.
Baseball is my life.
Baseball is often called "the great American sport".
Baseball is said to have been invented in Cooperstown in 1839.
Baseball is something I really enjoy.
Baseball is something that I really enjoy.
Baseball players should allow for the wind in catching a fly.
Baseball season has begun.
Baseball season hasn't begun yet.
Baseball season hasn't started yet.
Baseball season's about to start.
Based at Caistor St Edmunds, a few miles south of present-day Norwich, the Iceni were a Celtic tribe whose warrior queen Boudicca led a failed uprising against the occupying Romans, during which the towns of Londinium (London), Camulodunum (Colchester) and Verulamium (St Albans) were sacked.
Based on Tom's comment, I think you may be wrong.
Based on Western standards, our house is too small.
Based on a novella by Annie Proulx first published in The New Yorker magazine, Brokeback Mountain co-stars Jake Gyllenhaal as Jack Twist.
Based on a true story, the film aims to entertain but also to increase awareness about how hazardous chemicals pose a threat to public health.
Based on available evidence, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has determined that the scientific evidence suggests that glucomannan can help reduce blood cholesterol.
Based on his behaviour at the time of his mother's death, the police could only suspect him as the culprit.
Based on his test results, Tom was put in the intermediate English group.
Based on how much Mary, John, and Alice have also done in their small lives, it's probable that while they were still alive, one of Tom's clones gave the three access to the cloning machine without the real Tom knowing.
Based on how you look, I’d say you’re tired.
Based on initial data analysis, the collared bears rarely forayed outside the park.
Based on my experience, he's always been honest with me.
Based on my observation of the movement of particle D, I modify the system so that three possible exits exist.
Based on reports, the WHO estimates that only a very small percentage of video game players are addicts, about 3 percent in all. It adds that most of them are from East and South Asia.
Based on the assumption that advanced life – a technologically capable civilization that sends out communications – takes up to five billion years to form, the researchers calculated there are about 36 advanced civilizations in the Milky Way.
Based on the customer reviews, it's a very good restaurant.
Based on the facts, it's clear that he isn't responsible for any wrongdoing.
Based on the information that I've given you, what story would you come up with?
Based on the way he formulated his arguments, one could tell that he was a simpleton.
Based on the weather forecasts, there's not long until the rainy season.
Based on this projection, the World Bank and IMF say it’s still possible for the developing world to achieve at least one Millennium Development Goal—that of halving extreme poverty from its 1990 level.
Based on what facts?
Based on what you've told me, I don't think I want to go.
Based on your reply, I assume you'll be there.
Basel is Switzerland's third-largest city.
Basel is the third-largest city in Switzerland.
Bases loaded, two outs in the ninth inning.
Bash the fash!
Bashing Islam has become a business in the West.
Basho was the greatest poet.
Basic needs like food and shelter require financial resources.
Basic physics tells us that smaller planets must be rocky and larger ones gaseous, but for planets ranging from Earth-sized to about twice that radius, astronomers can't tell a large rocky planet from a small gaseous planet.
Basic physics tells us that smaller planets must be rocky and larger ones gaseous.
Basic to the argument is the assumption that the rules in question are present in the language.
Basically I like short poems. Among them this poem was my favourite.
Basically Tom is reaching out for help.
Basically he is my soulmate.
Basically my wife was immature. I'd be at home in the bath and she'd come in and sink my boats.
Basically she wasn't able to speak English in real life.
Basically, I agree with your opinion.
Basically, I am a honest person.
Basically, I am an honest person.
Basically, a language is an agreement between the people who use it.
Basically, a trestle table is a plank set on two trestles.
Basically, distance is not an obstacle (on the other hand, how often proximity is one) to reach.
Basically, he's using algorithms to optimize data.
Basically, it is the same thing.
Basically, it's the same thing.
Basically, run for your life.
Basically, she's created a fad diet collider. And sometimes the particles that spin off are gluon-free neutrino burgers.
Basically, when too many people walked over the bridge at one time, each footstep exerted a slight sideways force, which, in turn, caused a very noticeable wobble.
Basically, you're absolutely right.
Basically.
Basil and Jake are second cousins.
Basil is essential in preparing Genoese pesto.
Basil, sage, rosemary, thyme and oregano are popular herbs.
Basilisks are mythological creatures.
Basing his conclusion of guilt on deductive reasoning, Sherlock Holmes ratted out his own partner, Watson.
Basing his invention of public relations on his uncle Sigmund Freud's psychoanalytic theory, Edward Bernays has left a lasting legacy on the media and how they interact with their audiences.
Basing his invention of public relations on his uncle Sigmund Freud’s psychoanalytic theory, Edward Bernays has left a lasting legacy on the media and how they interact with their audiences.
Basing our chances on what we have left, I think we are going to die.
Basing your film on a true story means you don't have to do as much coming up with stuff.
Basing your film on a true story means you don’t have to do as much coming up with stuff.
Basis of every ethics is experience from counter-reaction to interpretation of remembering a successful posing of earlier simpler proceeding in simpler circumstances as something constructive as motivation and guidance at that that significantly differs from such circumstances if this remembering neglects the differences and instead disproportionally draws attention to making this success aware.
Baskerville shuddered as he looked up the long, dark drive to where the house glimmered like a ghost at the farther end.
Basket weaving is a dying art.
Basket weaving is an art form.
Basket weaving is an extinct art.
Basket weaving is fun.
Basket weaving is not that complicated.
Basket weaving isn't all that complicated.
Basket weaving isn't really all that difficult.
Basket weaving isn't that complicated.
Basketball is a fun game to play.
Basketball is a lot of fun to play.
Basketball is a lot of fun.
Basketball is a team sport.
Basketball is fun to watch.
Basketball is fun.
Basketball is interesting.
Basketball is my favorite sport.
Basketball is one of Yanni's favorite sports.
Basketball is one of my favorite sports ever.
Basketball is very entertaining.
Basketball is very fun to play.
Basketball isn't really Tom's thing.
Basketball was my favorite sport in high school.
Baskets are being made nearby.
Baskets are used for different things.
Basque is a commonly cited example of a language isolate.
Basque is a language isolate.
Basque is a relic.
Basque is an agglutinative language.
Basque is known for its agglutination.
Basque may well be the most unusual language of Europe: it has an unconventional structure and is not akin to any other language, and just because of that it lends itself as a worthwhile field of research for linguists.
Basques were forced to abandon their own language.
Basset hounds are gentle dogs.
Basseterre is the capital of Saint Kitts and Nevis.
Bastard hung up on me.
Bastard!
Bastards!
Bastida said she has experienced eco-anxiety and burnout from climate activism.
Basutoland was renamed the Kingdom of Lesotho upon independence from the UK in 1966.
Bat biologists found Echo, a Big Brown Bat (Eptesicus fuscus) near Roosevelt Lake southwest of the fire. They attached a tag to his wing for identification before releasing him.
Bat guano is commonly used throughout the world as a fertilizer, but it is also used as medicine.
Bat stars stick their stomachs and digestive juices over their food to liquefy it.
Batches are identified at the factory with an alphanumeric code.
Bates acknowledges that she defined herself by her sport and was devastated when she failed to make the U.S. Olympic team four years after her victories at the 1984 Los Angeles Games.
Bates, who won three gold medals at the 1984 Summer Games in Los Angeles, is one of the few elite athletes who has some idea of the stress and emotions that run through athletes like gymnast Simone Biles, who withdrew from some Olympic events at the Games in Japan, and tennis ace Naomi Osaka, who left the prestigious Wimbledon tournament in June.
Bath salts are products that can be added to a bath.
Bath salts would be nice.
Bathe the baby, won't you?
Bathe the baby, won’t you?
Bathe your feet to get the dirt off.
Bathers in Argentina were attacked by piranhas.
Bathing in the Ganges won't grant you nirvana, that's absurd.
Bathing in this lake is not allowed.
Bathing is not allowed in this lake.
Bathing prohibited.
Bathroom jokes. How mature.
Bathroom's free.
Bathymetry is the study of the "beds" or "floors" of water bodies, including the ocean, rivers, streams, and lakes.
Batman Begins is my favorite Christopher Nolan movie.
Batman and Robin are friends.
Batman and Robin are the only heroes in Gotham.
Batman has the best grappling hook.
Batman is friends with Robin.
Batman is known to disappear into thin air when no one's looking.
Batman is riding his batmobile.
Batman is, above all else, a superhero.
Bats also have wings.
Bats are actually very lovable animals.
Bats are animals that fly at night and sometimes sleep in caves.
Bats are mammals, just like us.
Bats are mammals.
Bats are not birds, they're mammals.
Bats are not birds.
Bats are not mice.
Bats are the only flying mammals.
Bats are the only mammals that can fly.
Bats are winged mammals.
Bats aren't birds.
Bats aren't flying mice.
Bats aren't mice.
Bats can hear at among the highest frequencies of any mammal, up to 120,000 Hz. They use ultrasonic vocalizations as sonar, allowing them to pursue tiny insects in the dark without bumping into objects.
Bats carry diseases.
Bats do not have feathers.
Bats fly in the dark.
Bats give me the creeps.
Bats have wings too.
Bats have wings, too.
Bats hunt at night.
Bats hunt insects in the air.
Bats live in this cave.
Bats scare me.
Bats sleep upside down.
Bats use echolocation.
Bats use ultrasound to locate obstacles.
Bats usually fly in the dark.
Batswana have been working as contract miners in South Africa since the 19th century.
Batten doors are sadly falling out of fashion.
Batten down the hatches!
Batten down the hatches.
Batter up!
Batteries are devices that convert chemical energy to electricity.
Batteries are heavy.
Batteries are included.
Batteries are not included.
Batteries are sold separately.
Batteries can explode.
Batteries degrade over time.
Batteries not included.
Battery is low!
Battery life is really important to me.
Battle lines are being drawn for the future of football.
Battle stations!
Battle's never proven peace.
Battleship Potemkin is Sergei Eisenstein's greatest film.
Battle’s never proven peace.
Battling Bowser for real will require all 120 stars.
Baudelaire's poetry is magnificent.
Bauxite is the main source of aluminium.
Bavaria is beautiful.
Bavarian cooking is hearty and rustic.
Bay leaves are a key ingredient in his adobo recipe.
Baya absorbed male attention.
Baya and Lidya are best girlfriends now.
Baya and Lidya are so pretty.
Baya and Lidya braided each other's hair.
Baya and Lidya called each other bitches.
Baya asked Mennad to apologize to her bird.
Baya asked Mennad to apologize to her cat.
Baya asked Mennad to apologize to her dog.
Baya asked Mennad to apologize to her fish.
Baya asked Mennad to apologize to her hamster.
Baya asked Mennad to apologize to her iguana.
Baya asked Mennad to apologize to her parrot.
Baya asked Mennad to apologize to her plants.
Baya attempted to kill her baby.
Baya baked a cake.
Baya became a nurse aid.
Baya bought a new dress.
Baya bought six bras.
Baya braided Lidya's hair.
Baya broke her nose.
Baya came home from school crying hysterically.
Baya carried Mennad for nine months.
Baya carried that in her purse.
Baya cleaned her baby.
Baya cleaned the baby.
Baya continued to get a lot of attention from guys.
Baya decided to marry Mennad.
Baya delivered naturally.
Baya did fashion videos.
Baya did her eyebrows.
Baya did her makeup.
Baya didn't lose her virginity.
Baya discovered that she was lesbian.
Baya doesn't date people.
Baya doesn't wear a lot of makeup.
Baya dresses like a stripper.
Baya felt beautiful.
Baya finds mature men very attractive.
Baya forgot to wear her necklace.
Baya gave Lidya her dress.
Baya gave birth in June.
Baya graduated from cosmetology school.
Baya had Mennad at sixteen.
Baya had Mennad in the hospital.
Baya had a boyfriend.
Baya had her hair done.
Baya had her makeup done.
Baya had makeup on.
Baya had natural hair.
Baya had sex with her boyfriend.
Baya had six miscarriages.
Baya has a new dresser.
Baya has a normal vagina.
Baya has been a lesbian for around six years now.
Baya has big boobs.
Baya has bigger boobs.
Baya has decided on her maid of honor.
Baya has huge boobs.
Baya has just given birth to a lovely little boy.
Baya has just given birth to a lovely little girl.
Baya has just given birth to two new babies.
Baya has nice legs.
Baya is Mennad's bitch.
Baya is Mennad's ex-wife.
Baya is Mennad's ex.
Baya is Mennad's girlfriend.
Baya is Mennad's little sister.
Baya is Mennad's mother.
Baya is Mennad's wife.
Baya is a black woman.
Baya is a cheerleader.
Baya is a fake bitch.
Baya is a girl.
Baya is a good-looking chick.
Baya is a pretty blonde woman.
Baya is a queen.
Baya is a superficial slut.
Baya is a woman.
Baya is a wonderful woman.
Baya is a young woman.
Baya is an African-American nurse.
Baya is an exotic dancer.
Baya is bigger than most of the boys in her class.
Baya is breastfeeding.
Baya is dancing like a stripper.
Baya is fragile.
Baya is having Mennad's baby.
Baya is interested in buying a bra.
Baya is just an insecure bitch.
Baya is just pretty.
Baya is leaving Dad again.
Baya is leaving her husband.
Baya is more feminine than Lidya.
Baya is not a boy.
Baya is not scared of Mennad.
Baya is old enough to be your mother.
Baya is one of the most beautiful women that I have ever met in my life.
Baya is pregnant with Mennad.
Baya is pretty.
Baya is sitting on the couch.
Baya is skinny and gorgeous.
Baya is so pretty.
Baya is still Mennad's girlfriend.
Baya is still her mom's little girl.
Baya is stripping in front of everybody.
Baya is such a bitch.
Baya is such a slut.
Baya is tall and has huge boobs.
Baya is the most efficient assistant in the world.
Baya is yours tonight.
Baya isn't taking care of Mennad's mother.
Baya just went into labor. It's her first.
Baya kept her makeup light.
Baya left her purse here.
Baya likes this gown.
Baya looks beautiful.
Baya looks like a drag queen.
Baya looks like a man.
Baya looks so beautiful.
Baya lost her virginity.
Baya loves Lidya's lipstick.
Baya made her favorite dinner.
Baya makes hair videos on YouTube.
Baya makes makeup videos on YouTube.
Baya met her future husband.
Baya never felt beautiful.
Baya never felt she was worth anything.
Baya never washed her vagina.
Baya never washes her pussy.
Baya picked a wedding dress.
Baya posted a picture of her without makeup.
Baya says this is her stolen purse and I believe her.
Baya should consider becoming a nurse.
Baya spent a lot on that dress.
Baya started bawling.
Baya started wearing push-up bras.
Baya started wearing skirts.
Baya thought she was a queen.
Baya tried on the dress.
Baya used to be that girl.
Baya wanted to be a model.
Baya wanted to be a really good actress.
Baya wanted to make her face look slimmer.
Baya was a good mother.
Baya was a preceptor.
Baya was a seductress.
Baya was babysitting Mennad's kids.
Baya was dating a guy.
Baya was dating that guy.
Baya was depressed and even hurt her baby.
Baya was discovered as a model in 2006.
Baya was doing her makeup for work.
Baya was grateful to work as a nurse aid.
Baya was having a rough month as a mother.
Baya was known for sleeping with her teachers to get her grades up.
Baya was modeling.
Baya was so pretty.
Baya was still the same girl.
Baya was super sweet.
Baya was trying to build up a makeup kit.
Baya was very pretty.
Baya was waiting for a kiss at the door.
Baya was wearing a beautiful Egyptian dress.
Baya was wearing a bra.
Baya was wearing a necklace.
Baya was wearing a nice top.
Baya was wearing a traditional gown.
Baya was wearing push-up bras.
Baya was with this guy for six years.
Baya wasn't permitted to be in that house.
Baya watched natural hair videos.
Baya wears small bras.
Baya went through postpartum depression.
Baya will be Mennad's last wife.
Baya wore a dress.
Baya would cry herself to sleep.
Baya wouldn't do her hair.
Baya's baby started crying.
Baya's baby was crying.
Baya's boyfriend beat her.
Baya's boyfriend broke up with her.
Baya's boyfriend hit her.
Baya's cat scratched its eye on the blade of Mennad's sickle.
Baya's coffee is nice.
Baya's face was so pretty.
Baya's feet are too big.
Baya's hair covers her boobs.
Baya's hair is natural.
Baya's hair looks nice.
Baya's hat has her sorority's letters on it.
Baya's headscarf has lovely colors.
Baya's husband has died.
Baya's husband is sitting on the couch.
Baya's lipstick is not so expensive.
Baya's lipstick isn't so expensive.
Baya's makeup is perfect.
Baya's pussy smells horrible.
Baya's pussy smells like shit.
Baya's pussy smelt horrible.
Baya's pussy smelt like garbage.
Baya's pussy stinks.
Baya's pussy was smelling like a dead rat.
Baya's pussy was smelling like dead fish.
Baya's scream scared Mennad so much that he fell off his chair.
Baya's sorority met in the gym.
Baya's sorority was having a meeting in that building.
Baya's vagina smells like dead fish.
Bayou is a light yellow pony with light brown eyes and a violet mane and tail that have tiana signature short wavy bangs.
Bayous are common in Gulf Coast areas of the southern United States of America.
Bazawule lives in Brooklyn but says the story is reminiscent of the tales that he heard as a child in Ghana.
Be a Kabyle.
Be a better parent.
Be a bit more patient.
Be a caring and loving parent.
Be a dear and bring me my shawl from the car.
Be a dear and shut off the light.
Be a dear, and get me a glass of water.
Be a good Muslim.
Be a good boy and eat your vegetables.
Be a good boy and go back to sleep.
Be a good boy and keep your word.
Be a good boy and wait here.
Be a good boy.
Be a good child!
Be a good girl and eat your vegetables.
Be a good girl and go back to sleep.
Be a good girl.
Be a good kid.
Be a good listener and pay attention.
Be a good listener!
Be a good listener.
Be a good neighbor.
Be a good neighbour.
Be a good parent.
Be a good person.
Be a good role model and take care of your sibling.
Be a good role model for those around you.
Be a good sport and congratulate the winner.
Be a good sport.
Be a good stepmother.
Be a good wife.
Be a lion wherever you go.
Be a little kinder!
Be a little milder!
Be a little more careful next time.
Be a little more clement!
Be a little more critical of what you read on the Internet.
Be a little more forbearing!
Be a little more generous!
Be a little more gracious!
Be a little more indulgent!
Be a little more lenient!
Be a little more merciful!
Be a little more patient!
Be a little patient, please.
Be a loner. That gives you time to wonder, to search for the truth. Have holy curiosity. Make your life worth living.
Be a love and check in the kitchen to see if the oven's heated up, will you?
Be a love and tell me when you're coming.
Be a loving and caring parent.
Be a loving parent.
Be a man ever so rich, he should be diligent.
Be a man for a change; stop acting like a child!
Be a man.
Be a mentor.
Be a more confident father.
Be a nice parent.
Be a pal and go out for some bread. At the same time, take out the trash.
Be a responsible big brother.
Be a responsible older sibling and watch over your brother.
Be a servant of the intelligent man, but never the master of a fool.
Be a sport and wake me up tomorrow at six o'clock in the morning.
Be a team player and collaborate with others.
Be a trusted consultant.
Be a truthful Muslim.
Be active in doing good for people.
Be adaptable in changing circumstances.
Be advaïta here and now.
Be afraid of old age, as it doesn't come alone.
Be afraid. Be very afraid.
Be alert at all times.
Be alert when you cross a busy street!
Be alert!
Be ambitious, children.
Be an ambitious professional.
Be an angel and turn the radio down.
Be an angel in public, but Satan in private.
Be an early riser so your luck rises too.
Be an encouraging teacher that sees a student's huge potential instead of seeing them as a failure.
Be an optimist.
Be as quick as possible.
Be as quick as you can.
Be as quiet as you can, please.
Be as specific as possible.
Be assertive in expressing your needs and boundaries.
Be assertive.
Be assured that there is a plan.
Be assured that we have a plan.
Be assured, however, I shall tell you the whole truth.
Be at ease, they won’t find us down here.
Be at home this evening.
Be at the station at 11 o'clock sharp.
Be at the station at 11 o’clock sharp.
Be at the station at eleven on the dot.
Be at the train station at eleven sharp.
Be attentive to what he tells.
Be attentive to your children's needs.
Be attentive.
Be authentic!
Be authentic.
Be aware of any flags or signs indicating dangerous conditions.
Be aware of falling branches.
Be aware of it.
Be aware of that.
Be aware of the fast-flowing water near the river.
Be aware of the fireplace, it's a potential danger.
Be aware of the potential harm that can arise from your actions.
Be aware of this.
Be aware of your highest potential areas.
Be aware of your surroundings.
Be awesome at work.
Be back before dinner.
Be back before it gets dark.
Be back before ten.
Be back home by nine at the latest.
Be blessed!
Be bold!
Be bold, European Union, or remain a political pygmy.
Be born, get married, and die; always bring money.
Be brave enough to face me directly.
Be brave!
Be brave, guys.
Be brave, my friends!
Be brave.
Be brief and confident.
Be brief and direct in your speech.
Be brief and to the point.
Be brief, please.
Be brief.
Be brilliant!
Be calm.
Be careful about following unsolicited advice.
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint.
Be careful about the aluminum foil covering the bottom of the plate, don't burn yourself!
Be careful about what you eat.
Be careful about whom you share good news with.
Be careful and don't be too risky.
Be careful around Tom.
Be careful around me, I have a very short fuse.
Be careful around me. My anger can explode right in your face.
Be careful around that dog.
Be careful around the TV, it's expensive to replace.
Be careful around the fireplace, it's hot and can cause harm.
Be careful around the river, the current can be strong.
Be careful around the well, it's deep.
Be careful because that soup is hot.
Be careful by the quickest hedge—the thorns are sharp.
Be careful crossing streams or rivers.
Be careful crossing the square.
Be careful crossing the street.
Be careful driving or you'll have problems.
Be careful driving.
Be careful during the pandemic.
Be careful going down.
Be careful handling matches!
Be careful how you speak to Tom.
Be careful how you use that.
Be careful if you do go.
Be careful if you go out.
Be careful in the woods.
Be careful in there.
Be careful interpreting indirect translations. Genders may have changed.
Be careful it doesn't scratch you.
Be careful like the snake and straightforward like the pigeons.
Be careful near the edge of the cliff.
Be careful near the gorillas, they're very strong.
Be careful near the window.
Be careful next time.
Be careful not getting caught.
Be careful not to alert the orcs to our presence.
Be careful not to be deceived.
Be careful not to be late.
Be careful not to be overly confident.
Be careful not to blame the wrong person.
Be careful not to break anything.
Be careful not to break that.
Be careful not to break the eggs.
Be careful not to break these eggs.
Be careful not to bump into anything.
Be careful not to bump the stereo when moving things around.
Be careful not to bump the table.
Be careful not to burn the candle at both ends.
Be careful not to burn the roof of your mouth.
Be careful not to burn yourself.
Be careful not to burn yourselves.
Be careful not to catch a cold.
Be careful not to choke on the grapes.
Be careful not to clog the toilet.
Be careful not to confuse sympathy for empathy.
Be careful not to crash into other cars when you drive.
Be careful not to cut yourself.
Be careful not to cut yourselves.
Be careful not to do anything to upset Tom.
Be careful not to do that again.
Be careful not to do that.
Be careful not to drill into gas pipes.
Be careful not to drink too much coffee in the evening.
Be careful not to drink too much.
Be careful not to drive on the wrong side of the road.
Be careful not to drive people away.
Be careful not to drive the wrong way on a one-way street.
Be careful not to drop anything near the baby.
Be careful not to drop anything on your feet.
Be careful not to drop it.
Be careful not to drop or mishandle your tortoise.
Be careful not to drop the eggs.
Be careful not to drop the hamster, it's fragile.
Be careful not to drop the tablet.
Be careful not to drop your phone, it could break.
Be careful not to eat too much.
Be careful not to exceed the speed limit.
Be careful not to fall asleep at the wheel.
Be careful not to fall asleep.
Be careful not to fall in love with that girl. She's a stripper, Sami.
Be careful not to fall overboard.
Be careful not to fall.
Be careful not to forget yourself.
Be careful not to get caught.
Be careful not to get her pregnant.
Be careful not to get those words mixed up.
Be careful not to get too much sun.
Be careful not to go over the speed limit.
Be careful not to hit your thumb with the hammer.
Be careful not to hurt Tom's feelings.
Be careful not to hurt yourself.
Be careful not to hurt yourselves.
Be careful not to hyperventilate.
Be careful not to inhale the spores; they're deadly.
Be careful not to jump to the wrong conclusion.
Be careful not to lean too far out of your window.
Be careful not to leave any dangerous objects near your parakeet's cage.
Be careful not to leave any small objects around that the parrot could swallow.
Be careful not to leave crumbs on the table.
Be careful not to let food residue accumulate on the stove's burners.
Be careful not to let the cat out of the bag.
Be careful not to let the cat out.
Be careful not to let your imagination run away with you.
Be careful not to make Tom angry.
Be careful not to make Tom mad.
Be careful not to make a fool of yourself.
Be careful not to make a mess.
Be careful not to make any mistakes.
Be careful not to make that same mistake again.
Be careful not to make the same mistake again.
Be careful not to make your decision too quickly.
Be careful not to mess it up.
Be careful not to miss the train.
Be careful not to nick an artery.
Be careful not to offend Tom.
Be careful not to offend her.
Be careful not to offend him.
Be careful not to offend them.
Be careful not to overcook the carrots.
Be careful not to overcook the vegetables.
Be careful not to overcook vegetables.
Be careful not to overfill the gas tank.
Be careful not to overheat your food in the microwave.
Be careful not to overstay your welcome.
Be careful not to overuse nasal spray.
Be careful not to pour water into acid.
Be careful not to put too much salt in the soup.
Be careful not to ruin it.
Be careful not to rush things.
Be careful not to say anything stupid.
Be careful not to say anything that will upset Tom.
Be careful not to say something stupid.
Be careful not to scare him.
Be careful not to scratch the furniture.
Be careful not to scratch the oven's surfaces when cleaning.
Be careful not to scratch the screen of your phone.
Be careful not to scratch the stove's surface while cleaning.
Be careful not to slip in the bathtub.
Be careful not to slip on the ice.
Be careful not to slip!
Be careful not to slip.
Be careful not to spill anything on the computer, it's not waterproof.
Be careful not to spill anything on the radio.
Be careful not to spill gasoline when filling the tank on your lawn mower.
Be careful not to spill your beer.
Be careful not to spill your coffee.
Be careful not to spill your tea.
Be careful not to stand too close to the fire.
Be careful not to step in the mud puddle.
Be careful not to step in the mud.
Be careful not to step on anyone's toes.
Be careful not to step on the cat, watch your feet.
Be careful not to step on the dog's tail.
Be careful not to step on the kitten while walking.
Be careful not to swallow the pit.
Be careful not to tamper with it.
Be careful not to tear your clothes on that nail.
Be careful not to tease Tom too much.
Be careful not to tip the boat over.
Be careful not to tip this over.
Be careful not to touch your face with dirty hands.
Be careful not to trip and fall.
Be careful not to trip on that tin of paint.
Be careful not to trip over the paint can on the floor.
Be careful not to trip over the wires.
Be careful not to trip over this rock.
Be careful not to trip.
Be careful not to underestimate Tom.
Be careful not to underestimate the problem.
Be careful not to wake Tom up.
Be careful not to wake her up.
Be careful not to wake him up.
Be careful not to wake the baby when he's sleeping.
Be careful not to wake the sleeping baby.
Be careful not to wake them up.
Be careful now.
Be careful of Tom.
Be careful of hot sand, it can burn your feet.
Be careful of people who can speak Lojban!
Be careful of pickpockets here.
Be careful of severe diseases.
Be careful of that mean dog next door.
Be careful of the glass door in front of you.
Be careful of the truth.
Be careful of what you say, for he's easily annoyed.
Be careful of your thoughts, for your thoughts become your words. Be careful of your words, for your words become your actions. Be careful of your actions, for your actions become your habits. Be careful of your habits, for your habits become your character. Be careful of your character, for your character becomes your destiny.
Be careful on escalators.
Be careful on gravel roads.
Be careful on the roller coaster; hold on tight!
Be careful on the slide, go down slowly!
Be careful on the way home.
Be careful on these curves.
Be careful on those rocks.
Be careful on uneven or slippery surfaces.
Be careful on your way back home.
Be careful on your way home.
Be careful or Tom'll beat the living daylights out of you.
Be careful or Tom'll knock the daylights out of you.
Be careful or he'll stab you in the back.
Be careful or she'll stab you in the back.
Be careful or you'll strip the gears.
Be careful out there.
Be careful she doesn't scratch you.
Be careful since that is hot soup.
Be careful so you would not be seen.
Be careful speaking Latin, or you might summon a demon.
Be careful swimming in the sea.
Be careful that no one sees you.
Be careful that none splashes out when you stir it.
Be careful that the thread doesn't break.
Be careful that they don't suspect you.
Be careful that you don't get lost.
Be careful that you don't offend Tom.
Be careful that you don't upset Tom.
Be careful this time.
Be careful to avoid becoming chilled while resting, stopping only long enough to restore the natural breathing and to look over the road.
Be careful to wear nothing tight, particularly shoes, gloves, waistband, or hat; for they might prove a source of discomfort or even danger.
Be careful to write in Spanish.
Be careful up there.
Be careful walking at night.
Be careful what you ask for.
Be careful what you do.
Be careful what you eat.
Be careful what you post online; it can stay there forever.
Be careful what you pretend to be because you are what you pretend to be.
Be careful what you say and how you say it.
Be careful what you say publicly. It may have consequences.
Be careful what you say when Tom is around.
Be careful what you say!
Be careful what you say, Andrea; the walls have ears.
Be careful what you say.
Be careful what you tell children. They'll believe anything.
Be careful what you wish for – it might come true.
Be careful what you wish for, because it might just come true.
Be careful what you wish for, because it might just happen.
Be careful what you wish for.
Be careful what you wish for. It just might come true.
Be careful what you wish for. It might come true.
Be careful what you wish for. You just might get it.
Be careful when carrying sunflower oil.
Be careful when crossing the bridge.
Be careful when crossing the ocean.
Be careful when crossing the river, it might be slippery.
Be careful when crossing the river.
Be careful when crossing the square.
Be careful when crossing the street.
Be careful when crossing this river.
Be careful when deep frying, the oil is very hot.
Be careful when driving.
Be careful when exiting.
Be careful when getting off the train.
Be careful when going down the stairs.
Be careful when going up the stairs.
Be careful when grating.
Be careful when inserting and removing CDs from the player.
Be careful when introducing new foods to your guinea pig's diet.
Be careful when moving her left leg; it's very sensitive.
Be careful when parking your car.
Be careful when placing sharp or heavy objects in the trash; they can puncture the bag.
Be careful when reading health books. You may die of a misprint.
Be careful when swimming and always follow the lifeguard's instructions.
Be careful when taking the taxi!
Be careful when traversing the country.
Be careful when using a hammer.
Be careful when working with a hoe.
Be careful when writing in Hebrew.
Be careful when writing in Latin, or you might summon a demon.
Be careful when writing in Latin.
Be careful when writing the letter.
Be careful when writing this kanji's furigana. It's easy to get it wrong.
Be careful when writing.
Be careful when you cross a main road.
Be careful when you cross a road.
Be careful when you cross the bridge.
Be careful when you cross the street.
Be careful when you pass through the street's busy traffic.
Be careful when you shop, because some sales people will try to take advantage of you and offer you an expensive price.
Be careful when you're hiking in forests.
Be careful where you step.
Be careful where you step; there's broken glass on the floor.
Be careful where you stick the pin.
Be careful where you walk.
Be careful while traveling.
Be careful who you trust!
Be careful who you trust.
Be careful with Sami.
Be careful with Tom.
Be careful with Tom. He's pretty sensitive.
Be careful with contractions.
Be careful with fire in the woods.
Be careful with her.
Be careful with him.
Be careful with him. He's a Don Juan.
Be careful with hot pans; don't place them directly on the stovetop surface.
Be careful with ice packs and sedative medicine. You can get frostbite if you fall asleep while using the ice packs.
Be careful with it.
Be careful with my luggage.
Be careful with my new couch!
Be careful with strangers.
Be careful with that heavy thing! Take it slowly now. That's right, easy does it.
Be careful with that knife.
Be careful with that thing.
Be careful with that, Tom.
Be careful with that.
Be careful with the DVD player's cables, don't yank them.
Be careful with the VCR's power cord, don't trip over it.
Be careful with the authorities, as they do not befriend you except for their own needs. They seem like friends when it benefits them, but they do not stand by you in your hour of distress.
Be careful with the baby.
Be careful with the bad dog.
Be careful with the cables, they can get damaged easily.
Be careful with the car.
Be careful with the doses.
Be careful with the edges. They're sharp.
Be careful with the food.
Be careful with the laptop's power cord, don't yank it.
Be careful with the power cord, don't trip over it.
Be careful with the rabbit's toys, they shouldn't have any small parts.
Be careful with the razor blade.
Be careful with the ruling authorities, as they do not get close to someone except for their own needs. They seem like they like you when it pleases them, but they do not stand by a person in their hour of distress.
Be careful with the scorpion.
Be careful with the snakes!
Be careful with the toilet paper and use it sparingly.
Be careful with the way that you use the word "far" when describing distances. You can use it in questions or in negative sentences.
Be careful with them.
Be careful with these words.
Be careful with this.
Be careful with what you drink.
Be careful with what you say, you fool!
Be careful with your choice of words.
Be careful with your feelings. They become your thoughts.
Be careful you don't break Tom's heart.
Be careful!
Be careful! Affective dependency is not synonym for love!
Be careful! Danger lurks everywhere!
Be careful! Don't touch a venomous snake.
Be careful! I think he's dangerous.
Be careful! I think it's dangerous.
Be careful! My dog bites!
Be careful! The floor is wet.
Be careful! The knife is very sharp.
Be careful! The soup is very hot.
Be careful! The step might give under your weight!
Be careful! There seems to be a break in the ice and I don't want you to fall in.
Be careful! There's a cow in the road!
Be careful! Walls have ears.
Be careful, I don't want any troubles.
Be careful, I don’t want any troubles.
Be careful, Mary! You're too close to the fan blades!
Be careful, OK?
Be careful, Tom!
Be careful, Tom.
Be careful, Ziri.
Be careful, avoid risks.
Be careful, cyclists are wild here.
Be careful, dog biting!
Be careful, don't get lost.
Be careful, don't remove the cap. It's arsenic!
Be careful, eyes, what you see, cause it's the second glance that ties your hands as darkness pulls the strings.
Be careful, he keeps track of everything.
Be careful, he might shoot you!
Be careful, it's a dangerous junction!
Be careful, people. There are criminals who seek the outbreak of the coronavirus to make huge money from selling their medications.
Be careful, please.
Be careful, sir. It's slippery here.
Be careful, sweetie. Don't talk to anyone you don't recognize.
Be careful, that's dangerous!
Be careful, the bullet can ricochet off the rock and come towards you.
Be careful, the cold might affect you.
Be careful, the path is slippery.
Be careful, the road is slippery!
Be careful, the road is slippery.
Be careful, there are cougars in this area.
Be careful, there are spikes sticking out of that board.
Be careful, there's a car!
Be careful, this guy has a shooting license!
Be careful, this is a one-way street.
Be careful, you're missing the whole picture here!
Be careful, your mind is playing nasty tricks on you.
Be careful.
Be careful. Don't cut yourself.
Be careful. Don't drop the tray.
Be careful. Don't throw away those papers.
Be careful. He's not an easy one to swindle.
Be careful. I don't want you to hurt yourself.
Be careful. It might be a trap.
Be careful. It's a fierce bull.
Be careful. It's a little spicy.
Be careful. It's hot.
Be careful. It's not a toy.
Be careful. It's slippery here.
Be careful. It's slippery.
Be careful. It's spicy.
Be careful. It's still hot.
Be careful. It's still warm.
Be careful. It's the perfect place for an ambush.
Be careful. It's very flammable.
Be careful. It's very inflammable.
Be careful. It's very sharp.
Be careful. It's very spicy.
Be careful. That hurts!
Be careful. That knife is sharp.
Be careful. That's an expensive piece of equipment.
Be careful. The box is fragile.
Be careful. The bus is approaching.
Be careful. The cat is inside the box.
Be careful. The deck is slippery.
Be careful. The doors are closing.
Be careful. The floor is slippery.
Be careful. The knife is very sharp.
Be careful. The pronunciation of this kanji is easy to get wrong.
Be careful. The sidewalk's slippery.
Be careful. The soup's very hot.
Be careful. There are gang members prowling the streets.
Be careful. There is danger lurking in every corner.
Be careful. There's a hole in the floor.
Be careful. This area has a high rate of HIV infection.
Be careful. This knife is really sharp.
Be careful. This may be the last time in your life you make a mistake.
Be careful. Tom easily becomes upset.
Be careful. Tom is a bit sensitive.
Be careful. Tom is behind you.
Be careful. We don't know what's in there.
Be careful. We don't want to start a forest fire.
Be careful. You might hurt yourself with a screwdriver.
Be careful. You might make Tom jealous.
Be careful. You're going over the speed limit.
Be careful. You're going to stir up a hornet's nest.
Be careful. Your coat's dragging.
Be careful: We capitalize nationalities, days of the week, and languages in English.
Be careful: the doors are being closed!
Be careful; Cookie might try to hump you.
Be careful; there's a hole in the road!
Be careful; you'll split your head open!
Be cautious and don't go too deep into the water.
Be cautious around slippery rocks.
Be cautious around the fire, it can cause accidents.
Be cautious around the stove, accidents can happen quickly.
Be cautious around the well, accidents can happen.
Be cautious around unfamiliar animals, they might be wild.
Be cautious during travelling.
Be cautious near the fireplace, it's dangerous.
Be cautious near the well, it's a potential hazard.
Be cautious of phishing.
Be cautious of severe diseases.
Be cautious of slippery moss-covered rocks.
Be cautious on the seesaw, balance carefully!
Be cautious when accepting friend requests from strangers.
Be cautious when cleaning to avoid burns; let the stove cool first.
Be cautious when crossing the river, it can be slippery.
Be cautious when entering and exiting the rides.
Be cautious when using beach toys near others to avoid accidents.
Be cautious when using chemical cleaners on surfaces with sticky spots.
Be cautious when using chemicals or strong cleansers on the counter.
Be cautious when using public Wi-Fi networks for sensitive tasks.
Be cautious when using water on the floor to prevent slips.
Be cautious when walking on the slippery rocks.
Be cautious when you cross the street.
Be cautious with bones and large food scraps that may not be suitable for compost.
Be cautious with gas stovetops, as debris can affect the burners' performance.
Be cautious with glass containers to avoid breakage on the floor.
Be cautious with glass containers, as they can break if mishandled in the fridge.
Be cautious with him, he is an unreliable fellow.
Be cautious with hot pots and pans; use trivets to protect the counter.
Be cautious with oven cleaners, as they can be strong.
Be cautious with sharp knives; wash and store them separately.
Be cautious with the remote control, don't lose it.
Be cautious with towels near the stove or open flames.
Be cautious with utensils that have wooden handles; don't soak them in water.
Be cautious, as your actions could have dangerous consequences. You're playing with fire.
Be cautious.
Be charitable to the poor!
Be cheerful! Add an exclamation mark to all of your sentences!
Be cheerful.
Be completely honest.
Be confident and believe in yourself.
Be confident in yourself.
Be confident, not certain.
Be confident.
Be consistent.
Be constructive. There is no point in crying and crying all the time. You let your emotions run your life.
Be content with that.
Be content with the new book.
Be content with your destiny.
Be content with your lot; one cannot be first in everything.
Be content!
Be content.
Be cool, Yanni.
Be cool.
Be courteous and respectful.
Be courteous to each other.
Be courteous to one another.
Be courteous.
Be creative!
Be creative.
Be curious.
Be cursed!
Be decent to people, and they'll be decent to you.
Be dedicated and obedient, just as your brothers are dedicated and obedient.
Be detached from desire your whole life long.
Be devoted!
Be diligent to come before winter.
Be diligent, don't worry or be annoyed.
Be diligent, don't worry.
Be discreet.
Be disrespectful to the police.
Be early.
Be eccentric now. Don't wait for old age to wear purple.
Be embraced you millions!
Be especially careful of ice on overpasses and bridges while driving in the winter.
Be especially careful when walking on icy paths.
Be everything in your life.
Be evil.
Be extremely careful.
Be extremely cautious.
Be fair with everyone, even your enemies.
Be fair!
Be fair.
Be faithful.
Be fawning.
Be firm in your views.
Be frank with me!
Be frank.
Be free, crazy, and happy!
Be friendly whenever possible. It is always possible.
Be friendly!
Be friendly.
Be friends with your friends and enemies with your enemies.
Be fruitful and multiply.
Be gay. Commit crimes.
Be gay. Do crime.
Be generous.
Be generous; don't think only of his faults.
Be gentle when handling the canary, it's delicate.
Be gentle when handling the fish.
Be gentle when handling the hamster, it's small and delicate.
Be gentle when petting the rabbits, they're delicate animals.
Be gentle when using the flush handle.
Be gentle when you handle the guinea pig, they're fragile.
Be gentle when you handle the rabbit, they're delicate.
Be gentle when you play with the cat, she's delicate.
Be gentle when you play with the dog.
Be gentle while typing on the keyboard, it's not a toy.
Be gentle with the animals in the petting zoo.
Be gentle with the cows.
Be gentle with the keyboard. It can get damaged easily.
Be gentle with the kitten, it's still fragile.
Be gentle with the radio, it's fragile.
Be gentle with the sink's fixtures to prevent damage.
Be gentle with the stereo, it's delicate.
Be gentle with your puppy and handle it with care.
Be gentle, but firm.
Be genuine.
Be glad that you don't have to do that.
Be glad you don't have an empty stomach.
Be glad you don't have to do that.
Be glorious, India!
Be gone!
Be good and don't cause me any problems.
Be good and listen to your teacher.
Be good to everyone who hates you.
Be good to yourself and others.
Be good to yourself.
Be good.
Be gracious and steer clear of your rudeness that you always have.
Be grateful Tom and Mary aren't jail.
Be grateful Tom isn't in jail.
Be grateful and appreciate what you have.
Be grateful and express your gratitude for the present time because you're not guaranteed to see another day in your life.
Be grateful for being able to be with Tom.
Be grateful for this.
Be grateful for what you have.
Be grateful for what you've got.
Be grateful that all we want is equality and not revenge.
Be grateful you're not living in a warzone.
Be grateful.
Be happier at work.
Be happy and don't ask any more questions...that is best.
Be happy and smile!
Be happy for me.
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.
Be happy if you can, that's wisdom; making others happy is virtue.
Be happy with what you have.
Be happy with your lot in life.
Be happy!
Be happy, Ziri.
Be happy.
Be healed right now!
Be healthy to live long.
Be helpful at work.
Be here at 2:30.
Be here at six o'clock on the dot.
Be here at six o'clock sharp.
Be here by 2:30.
Be here by 6:00.
Be here by noon!
Be home before dark.
Be home by half past six.
Be home by three o'clock.
Be home by three.
Be home right after the concert.
Be honest and straightforward.
Be honest and tell the truth.
Be honest when you talk with me.
Be honest with me.
Be honest with them.
Be honest with yourself.
Be honest, Ziri.
Be honest.
Be honest. How messy is your place?
Be humble.
Be imaginative!
Be immoral, cheat and steal. Such people live well.
Be indignant!
Be indulgent with people.
Be infected with the evil ways of the world.
Be interested in your work.
Be intolerant only of intolerance.
Be inventive.
Be invincible.
Be it because of fear or pride, he didn't answer.
Be it black or white, a cat that catches mice is a good cat!
Be it cold or warm, she never goes outside without her scarf.
Be it ever so humble, home is home.
Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.
Be it ever so humble, there’s no place like home.
Be it out of fear or pride, he didn't answer.
Be it out of fear or pride, he didn't reply.
Be joyful and merry for it's the jolly season.
Be just and you will be happy.
Be just before you are generous.
Be kind and gentle with yourself.
Be kind and gentle with yourselves.
Be kind and helpful.
Be kind and loving to your dog.
Be kind and respectful.
Be kind enough to shut the door.
Be kind in all you say and do.
Be kind to Mary.
Be kind to Tom and me.
Be kind to Tom.
Be kind to all animals.
Be kind to animals and take care of them.
Be kind to animals.
Be kind to children.
Be kind to everyone you meet.
Be kind to everyone, even people you don't like.
Be kind to everyone.
Be kind to her, Bill.
Be kind to her.
Be kind to him.
Be kind to kids.
Be kind to little animals.
Be kind to old people.
Be kind to others and treat them with respect.
Be kind to others!
Be kind to others.
Be kind to the children.
Be kind to the old.
Be kind to them, and they will be kind to you.
Be kind to them.
Be kind to those around you.
Be kind to those who hate you.
Be kind to your elders.
Be kind to your parents.
Be kind to yourself.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Be kind, you asshole!
Be kind.
Be kinder to yourself.
Be lax with people.
Be leery of those who claim someone is non compos mentis and let rationale be your judge.
Be lenient with people.
Be lenient!
Be likable at work.
Be like a postage stamp. Stick to one thing until you get there.
Be like a promontory against which waves endlessly come to break.
Be like a promontory that the waves endlessly come to break against.
Be like a tree and let the dead leaves fall.
Be like an eagle.
Be like everybody else.
Be like me and have a glass of wine.
Be like me by using good things.
Be like the palm tree - the more it gets pressed by the cliff, the quicker and more beautiful its rise to the top.
Be logical for once.
Be loved!
Be loved.
Be loyal to women. Loving them isn't enough.
Be lucky.
Be mad at me if you like.
Be master of your own words!
Be masters of your time.
Be mean to them, and they will be mean to you.
Be mean.
Be merciful to me!
Be merciful to me.
Be merciful towards Tom.
Be merciful, just as your Father is merciful.
Be merciful.
Be merciless.
Be mercy.
Be methodical.
Be mindful not to leave crumbs or spills on the cabinet shelves.
Be mindful not to use excessive detergent; it can leave a residue on both your dishes and the dishwasher.
Be mindful of energy usage, so turn off the lights.
Be mindful of expiration dates and throw out expired food.
Be mindful of keeping kitchen towels clean and free from food particles.
Be mindful of loose clothing around the stove, it can catch fire.
Be mindful of low-hanging branches.
Be mindful of not leaving crumbs or spills on the pantry shelves.
Be mindful of not letting food residue accumulate on the stovetop.
Be mindful of not letting food scraps accumulate on the floor.
Be mindful of not placing heavy objects on delicate or glass shelves.
Be mindful of not placing hot pots or pans directly on the counter's surface.
Be mindful of not placing hot utensils on plastic surfaces, as they can melt.
Be mindful of other people around you.
Be mindful of other people on the beach, respect their space.
Be mindful of other people playing, give them space!
Be mindful of others and don't push or shove.
Be mindful of others when you're swimming; respect their space.
Be mindful of picking up your dirty laundry and putting it in the hamper.
Be mindful of spills and splatters, and use your apron to protect your clothes.
Be mindful of that vitamin A can be toxic at higher levels.
Be mindful of the TV's cords, don't trip over them.
Be mindful of the cables, don't trip over them.
Be mindful of the console's ventilation, don't block it.
Be mindful of the differences between written and spoken language.
Be mindful of the fireplace, it's not something to play with.
Be mindful of the fridge's temperature settings to keep food safe.
Be mindful of the people around you.
Be mindful of the river's depth before getting too close.
Be mindful of the stove; don't leave it cluttered with pots and utensils.
Be mindful of the temperature, computers can overheat.
Be mindful of the websites you visit and their credibility.
Be mindful of the well, it's not a place to play.
Be mindful of underwater currents, they can pull you away.
Be mindful of using the right cleaning products for the floor type.
Be mindful of where you place the VCR to prevent accidents.
Be mindful of where you tread.
Be mindful of where your fingers go, especially around your nose.
Be mindful of your actions when in a relationship.What may seem playful to you could really be harmful to your partner.
Be mindful of your body language in social settings.
Be mindful of your crumbs and sweep them into the trash.
Be mindful of your environmental impact.
Be mindful of your online presence; it can impact future opportunities.
Be mindful of your phone's battery, don't let it drain completely.
Be mindful of your posture to prevent discomfort.
Be mindful of your screen time.
Be mindful of your surroundings and enjoy the nature.
Be mindful of your surroundings and watch out for uneven terrain.
Be mindful of your surroundings at all times.
Be mindful of your surroundings.
Be mindful of your volume when using headphones.
Be mindful of your words as they have the power to unintentionally hurt those nearby.
Be mine.
Be moderate in moderation.
Be more attentive to what you're feeling.
Be more attentive.
Be more authentic.
Be more aware!
Be more careful from now on.
Be more careful in future.
Be more careful in the future.
Be more careful in your actions.
Be more careful next time.
Be more careful with the hammer - don't hit my finger!
Be more careful, or you will make mistakes.
Be more careful. Rushing through things is going to ruin your work.
Be more careful. You often leave out some letter or other.
Be more concise in your summaries!
Be more concise.
Be more confident at work.
Be more confident.
Be more direct in your accusations.
Be more flexible.
Be more modest.
Be more optimistic!
Be more optimistic.
Be more original.
Be more patient with your grandma, Camila. Her world is different to yours in a lot of ways.
Be more patient.
Be more precise.
Be more productive at work.
Be more specific.
Be motivated.
Be my Valentine.
Be my guest!
Be my guest.
Be my guests!
Be my princess.
Be my queen.
Be my right-hand man.
Be my wife.
Be natural.
Be naturally authentic.
Be nice and cook for your friend.
Be nice to Ann.
Be nice to Tom and me.
Be nice to Tom.
Be nice to her parents.
Be nice to her.
Be nice to him.
Be nice to his parents.
Be nice to me.
Be nice to old people.
Be nice to others.
Be nice to people, and they'll be nice to you.
Be nice to people.
Be nice to the babysitter.
Be nice to the children.
Be nice to them, and they'll be nice to you.
Be nice to them.
Be nice to us.
Be nice to your brother.
Be nice to your kids.
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home, after all.
Be nice to your kids. They’ll choose your nursing home, after all.
Be nice to your little brother.
Be nice to your little sister.
Be nice to your mom.
Be nice to your mother.
Be nice to your mum.
Be nice to your sister.
Be nice!
Be nice, or Santa Claus won't bring you any presents.
Be nice.
Be nicer to Tom.
Be nicer to him.
Be nicer to them, Tom.
Be nicer to your brother.
Be nicer to your own child!
Be nicer to your sister.
Be no longer a drinker of water only, but use a little wine for your stomach’s sake and your frequent infirmities.
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.
Be not afraid!
Be not afraid, and let it not seem to you a hard case that you sold me into these countries: for God sent me before you into Egypt for your preservation.
Be not swept off your feet by the vividness of the impression, but say, "Impression, wait for me a little. Let me see what you are and what you represent. Let me try you."
Be obedient to God.
Be objective.
Be off!
Be old early, that you may live long.
Be on alert. The evacuation order may occur at any moment.
Be on time.
Be on your best behavior.
Be on your guard against Tom.
Be on your guard against fire.
Be on your guard against her.
Be on your guard against him.
Be on your guard against pickpockets, Ken.
Be on your guard against pickpockets.
Be on your guard against running into debt.
Be on your guard.
Be on your guard. He's not an easy one to fool.
Be open and honest with each other.
Be open to feedback and constructive criticism.
Be open to fresh perspectives.
Be open-minded and consider different perspectives.
Be optimists, boys.
Be original for a change.
Be original.
Be our guest.
Be outside in five minutes!
Be passionate!
Be patient and don’t expect fluency overnight.
Be patient and keep your chin up. Some things just take time.
Be patient and optimistic.
Be patient and persistent when cleaning stubborn sticky spots.
Be patient and persistent. These things take time.
Be patient and somebody will surely reply to you.
Be patient and tough!
Be patient and tough; someday all this pain will be useful to you.
Be patient and wait for your turn.
Be patient lady, he will not be long to arrive.
Be patient please. It takes time.
Be patient when faced with challenges or setbacks.
Be patient when training your dog.
Be patient when training your puppy.
Be patient with Silya.
Be patient with Tom, please.
Be patient with Tom.
Be patient with her.
Be patient with him.
Be patient with me.
Be patient with others.
Be patient with people.
Be patient with the puppy, it's still learning.
Be patient with the rabbit, they may need time to trust you.
Be patient with them.
Be patient with us.
Be patient with your sister.
Be patient!
Be patient! All things are difficult before they become easy.
Be patient, God will chastise you and you'll understand!
Be patient, and don't despair because I only want to live with you and not with another, Luiza.
Be patient, be patient. Things will get better.
Be patient, your turn is coming.
Be patient.
Be patient. She's learning to tie her shoes.
Be patient. You'll soon find what you're looking for.
Be patient; results take time.
Be peaceful. Not taking revenge can be a sort of revenge, too.
Be polite and hold the door for others.
Be polite and respect others.
Be polite and wait your turn at each house.
Be polite in conversations.
Be polite to Tom even though you don't like him.
Be polite to Tom.
Be polite to everyone.
Be polite to our clients, then they will pay you.
Be polite to your parents.
Be polite!
Be polite, Yanni.
Be polite, but firm.
Be poor and happy, not rich but sad.
Be positive at work.
Be positive.
Be powerful!
Be prepared for delays.
Be prepared for some very special entertainment.
Be prepared for the rejection.
Be prepared for the worst.
Be prepared to do that.
Be prepared to evacuate in case of emergencies.
Be prepared to leave.
Be prepared to seek cover.
Be prepared to stop.
Be prepared to use your weapon.
Be prepared when Tom comes.
Be prepared.
Be present and live in the moment.
Be present.
Be pretty and shut up!
Be pretty.
Be proactive in managing your time and tasks.
Be proactive in seeking solutions to problems.
Be proactive.
Be productive.
Be professional at work.
Be prompt in dealing with the problem.
Be prompt to do what is asked.
Be proud and patriotic.
Be proud of being that!
Be proud of what belongs to you.
Be proud of your accomplishments.
Be proud of your work.
Be proud of yourself.
Be proud of yourselves.
Be proud!
Be prudent.
Be punctual and arrive on time.
Be punctual for appointments and meetings.
Be punctual for appointments, otherwise you'll lose face.
Be punctual for appointments, otherwise you’ll lose face.
Be punctual.
Be punctual. This is very important.
Be quick about it.
Be quick!
Be quick! We haven't much time.
Be quick! We haven’t much time.
Be quick, or you will miss the train.
Be quick.
Be quiet and behave!
Be quiet and eat.
Be quiet and get back in the car.
Be quiet and get in the van.
Be quiet and go to sleep.
Be quiet and go to your room!
Be quiet and let me think.
Be quiet and listen to me.
Be quiet and listen!
Be quiet and listen.
Be quiet and start learning!
Be quiet and start studying.
Be quiet at the table.
Be quiet during the course.
Be quiet during the lesson.
Be quiet everyone!
Be quiet for a moment.
Be quiet for a second.
Be quiet in the library.
Be quiet now, enough!
Be quiet now.
Be quiet or I'll be real mean.
Be quiet or you'll wake the baby up.
Be quiet or you'll wake up the baby.
Be quiet so I can get some sleep.
Be quiet so as not to wake Tom.
Be quiet so you don't wake up the baby.
Be quiet while I am speaking.
Be quiet while I'm speaking.
Be quiet while I’m speaking.
Be quiet while we are eating.
Be quiet while we're eating.
Be quiet while we’re eating.
Be quiet!
Be quiet! They're sleeping!
Be quiet! Tom is thinking.
Be quiet, Tom thinks.
Be quiet, Tom! I can't hear a word they're saying on the telly!
Be quiet, Tom.
Be quiet, Ziri.
Be quiet, all of you.
Be quiet, and come out of him!
Be quiet, both of you.
Be quiet, girls.
Be quiet, he might hear us.
Be quiet, or the baby will wake up.
Be quiet, or you will be removed.
Be quiet, please! Don't make a sound.
Be quiet, please! Don’t make a sound.
Be quiet, please.
Be quiet, so I can concentrate.
Be quiet, will you? I can't hear what they're saying on the telly.
Be quiet.
Be quiet. Don't talk in class.
Be quiet. Don't talk in the theater.
Be quiet. Don’t talk in class.
Be quiet. Don’t talk in the theater.
Be quiet. If you aren't quiet, you'll be thrown out.
Be quiet. If you aren’t quiet, you’ll be thrown out.
Be quiet. The kids are asleep.
Be quiet. Tom and Mary are still asleep.
Be quiet. Tom and Mary are still sleeping.
Be quiet. Tom is sleeping.
Be quiet. Tom is still asleep.
Be quiet. Tom is still sleeping.
Be rational.
Be ready for anything.
Be ready for him.
Be ready for it.
Be ready for them.
Be ready to help a friend.
Be ready to laugh at yourself.
Be ready tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
Be ready tomorrow at ten.
Be realistic!
Be realistic.
Be really careful.
Be reasonable and don't provoke Tom.
Be reasonable for once.
Be reasonable!
Be reasonable.
Be relaxed and put the other person at ease.
Be relaxed, available, willing to take what comes and do the best you can do.
Be respectful at least.
Be respectful even if others are not.
Be respectful of other people's time.
Be respectful to everyone at work.
Be respectful to the elderly.
Be respectful to women.
Be respectful to your superiors, if you have any.
Be respectful when interacting with others on the internet.
Be respectful!
Be respectful.
Be responsible and complete your tasks.
Be responsible and dispose of your trash properly.
Be responsible and never leave the stove unattended.
Be responsible and switch off the lights before leaving the house or going to bed.
Be responsible with fruit and vegetable peels, as they can often be composted.
Be responsible with the dish soap and sponges; don't waste them.
Be responsible with your pets by feeding and cleaning up after them.
Be responsible with your phone, it's a valuable possession.
Be responsible.
Be rich!
Be right there.
Be rude to the police.
Be ruthless.
Be safe and wear a mask.
Be safe out there.
Be safe.
Be satisfied with what you're told!
Be satisfied!
Be seated.
Be seductive.
Be seeing you!
Be seen by me!
Be selective about who you bring into your inner circle.
Be selective about who you make friends with.
Be selective as to who you make friends with.
Be selective in your battles. Sometimes peace is better than being right.
Be self-assured.
Be self-confident.
Be sensible.
Be serious about studying, or you'll fail the exam.
Be serious this time.
Be serious, humble, polite, calm and truthful. Don't say too much, and never talk about things that you don't understand.
Be serious, modest, polite, calm and truthful. Don't say too much, and never talk about things that you don't understand.
Be serious.
Be short and sweet in your conversations.
Be silent in the library, boys.
Be silent when you hunt.
Be silent, or say something better than silence.
Be silent, or speak something worth hearing.
Be simpler.
Be sincere to me.
Be sincere with me.
Be sincere.
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing!
Be slow in choosing, but slower in changing.
Be smart and don't get tricked.
Be smart enough to detect arrogant people.
Be smart.
Be so good as to go and tell your sister, she has to finish sewing the clothes for your mother, and then clean them with the brush.
Be so kind as to give me some water.
Be so kind as to help the old.
Be so kind as to let his speak.
Be so kind as to visit us in our new place.
Be so kind, then, as to give me this gift.
Be so true to thy Self, as thou be not false to others.
Be so true to thy self, as thou be not false to others.
Be specific with your explanations.
Be specific.
Be spontaneous.
Be still when you hunt.
Be still, and know that I am God.
Be still, my heart, these great trees are prayers.
Be still.
Be straight about it, if you're lying.
Be straight!
Be stricter with him.
Be strong like a rock.
Be strong!
Be strong, Dan. They can break your body, but don't let them break your mind.
Be strong.
Be successful at work.
Be supportive.
Be sure and call me tonight.
Be sure and remember to write a letter.
Be sure and wear your overcoat.
Be sure it's what you really want.
Be sure not to eat too much.
Be sure of your target and what's behind it.
Be sure that you can do it.
Be sure that you do know what to do.
Be sure to be here by 2:30.
Be sure to be here by two-thirty.
Be sure to be in time.
Be sure to be there by two-thirty.
Be sure to bring it up when you talk to Tom.
Be sure to bring rain gear.
Be sure to bring your guitar.
Be sure to call Tom tomorrow.
Be sure to call home before you leave the office.
Be sure to call me back.
Be sure to call me tomorrow morning.
Be sure to call me up tomorrow morning.
Be sure to call on me when you come this way.
Be sure to check in at least 45 minutes prior to departure time.
Be sure to clean the lint filter before you run the dryer. Otherwise, you might start a fire.
Be sure to clear the lint trap before you run the dryer. Otherwise, you might start a fire.
Be sure to come at 3.
Be sure to come here by five.
Be sure to come here by the appointed time.
Be sure to come home early today.
Be sure to come to me by five o'clock.
Be sure to come to me by five o’clock.
Be sure to come.
Be sure to complete the work before you go home.
Be sure to cover your tracks.
Be sure to do that sometime today.
Be sure to do that, OK?
Be sure to do that.
Be sure to dot your 'i's and cross your 't's.
Be sure to drop in at my house.
Be sure to drop in on us if you come our way.
Be sure to drop in to see us tomorrow evening.
Be sure to drop me a line.
Be sure to drop us a line as soon as you get to London.
Be sure to eat right and have lots of liquids. I hope you get well soon!
Be sure to fasten your seatbelt.
Be sure to fill in the blanks from top to bottom beforehand.
Be sure to fill out the registration form in person.
Be sure to follow them step by step.
Be sure to follow these instructions carefully.
Be sure to follow these instructions exactly.
Be sure to get a receipt when you deliver the package.
Be sure to get a receipt.
Be sure to get in touch with me, if there is anything I can do for you.
Be sure to get the spelling right.
Be sure to get this finished by the time I come back.
Be sure to hand in your homework by tomorrow.
Be sure to invite him, or he'll feel left out.
Be sure to join us next time.
Be sure to keep in mind that you're supposed to complete the work within a week.
Be sure to keep in mind that you’re supposed to complete the work within a week.
Be sure to let me know if there's anything you need.
Be sure to let me know if there's anything you want.
Be sure to listen carefully.
Be sure to lock the door before you go to bed.
Be sure to look over your paper again before you hand it in.
Be sure to look us up when you're in town.
Be sure to look us up when you’re in town.
Be sure to mail this letter.
Be sure to mention it.
Be sure to mention this when you talk to Tom.
Be sure to organize the spices and condiments neatly on the shelves.
Be sure to pass the exams.
Be sure to pay for getting me to show you this video on your way out.
Be sure to pick up some milk.
Be sure to preheat the water before adding the pasta.
Be sure to put it back in the same place.
Be sure to put out the fire before you leave.
Be sure to put out the light before you go out.
Be sure to put the fire out before you leave.
Be sure to read the disclaimer.
Be sure to read the newspaper so as to keep pace with the times.
Be sure to register the letter.
Be sure to remember!
Be sure to restate the question in your answer.
Be sure to simmer on a low heat so it doesn't boil.
Be sure to simmer on a low heat so it doesn’t boil.
Be sure to switch off the television before you go to sleep.
Be sure to take a note of what she says.
Be sure to take all your belongings with you.
Be sure to take an umbrella.
Be sure to take medicine three times a day.
Be sure to take the No.2 bus, and get off at 21st Street.
Be sure to take this medicine before going to bed.
Be sure to taste your words before you spit them out.
Be sure to telephone by Friday, OK?
Be sure to tell Tom what happened.
Be sure to turn off the gas before you go out.
Be sure to turn off the light when you leave the room.
Be sure to turn out the light when you go out of the room.
Be sure to turn out the light when you go out.
Be sure to wait for me.
Be sure you do that, OK?
Be teachable, you're not always right.
Be tender with the puppy.
Be thankful for what you've got.
Be thankful, even for the little things in life.
Be thankful.
Be that as it may, I do not vouch for the fact, but merely advert to it, for the sake of being precise and authentic.
Be that as it may, you are wrong.
Be the change you want to see in others.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
Be the first to know.
Be the hunter or be the prey, but don't be the dog that brings the hunter to the prey.
Be the hunter or be the prey, but don't be the dog that brings the prey to the hunter.
Be the kindhearted man you always were.
Be the love that you are.
Be the master of your will and the servant of your conscience!
Be the master of your will, but the servant of your conscience.
Be the matter what it may, we must persevere.
Be the person you needed as a child.
Be the person your dog thinks you are.
Be there at 2:30.
Be there at noon.
Be there at six o'clock sharp.
Be there by 2:30 for sure.
Be there by 2:30.
Be there for someone when they're in trouble or need, not just when they're not.
Be there or be square.
Be there through thick, and not just through thin.
Be there tonight.
Be there.
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail.
Be thorough.
Be thoughtful to people so that they will love you.
Be tolerant.
Be true to your word.
Be true to yourself.
Be truthful.
Be utterly dejected.
Be very brief, please.
Be very careful out there.
Be very careful when you hold this for him.
Be very careful with that blue box.
Be very careful with this.
Be very careful.
Be very good and don't tell your parents about it!
Be very happy.
Be very quiet.
Be very tolerant or don't be at all. Go the good way or the bad way. You're too weak to walk the middle path.
Be vigilant.
Be waiting here until he comes.
Be warned, the judge disqualifies for the smallest of mistakes.
Be wary of Tom.
Be wary of important-sounding information that is not coming from a clear, authoritative source, such as local government agencies and health departments, or national and international public health institutes such as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the World Health Organization.
Be wary of information from groups or news organizations you don’t know.
Be wary of the man that knows little, and doesn't know it.
Be wary of the well, accidents can occur.
Be wary of what you tell Tom.
Be watchful.
Be well-read.
Be well.
Be what you appear to be, do what you appear to do.
Be what you want to be.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind.
Be willing to be uncomfortable. Be comfortable being uncomfortable. It may get tough, but it's a small price to pay for living a dream.
Be willing to change.
Be wise and pray to a merciful god.
Be wiser than Tom.
Be with God and be a lord.
Be with me, please.
Be with me.
Be with them, please.
Be with us, please.
Be with us.
Be your own best friend.
Be your own person and don't imitate others.
Be your own person and don’t imitate others.
Be your own person.
Be yourself and don't copy others.
Be yourself!
Be yourself.
Be yourself. Don't be like me.
Be yourself. Especially, do not feign affection. Neither be cynical about love; for in the face of all aridity and disenchantment it is perennial as the grass.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Be yourself; they'll gossip about you anyway.
Be yourselves!
Be yourselves.
Bea is currently working on her thesis in the study.
Beach volleyball is a lot of fun.
Beaches and booze are high on the government’s hit list as South Africa enters its second wave of coronavirus infections — and a long-awaited monthlong summer break for the majority of residents.
Beaches are home to many different types of wildlife.
Beaches in Hawaii are famous for their large waves.
Beads of sweat are covering his forehead.
Beads of sweat dripped into my eyes.
Beads of sweat stood on his forehead.
Beads of sweat were dripping down his chest.
Beaked whales can dive for a very long time.
Beaked whales prefer deep ocean waters.
Beam me up!
Beam me up, Scotty.
Beam me up.
Beams bear the weight of the roof.
Beams of light shone through the clouds.
Bean sprouts are eaten as a salad in America.
Beans and peanuts are pulses; many wildflowers, forbs.
Beans are a protein source.
Beans are cultivated in almost all areas of Bangladesh.
Beans don't grow well in clay soils.
Beans grow poorly in soils rich in clay.
Beans have a lot of iron.
Beans, rice, and legumes are cheaper than meat.
Bear Grylls was in the SAS.
Bear cubs are very vulnerable.
Bear cubs keep close to their mother.
Bear down.
Bear his advice in mind.
Bear in mind that Father is not as strong as he used to be.
Bear in mind that I am doing this for Tom, not for you.
Bear in mind that I'm doing this for Tom, not for you.
Bear in mind that half one's life is lived after forty.
Bear in mind that half one’s life is lived after forty.
Bear in mind that school is an integrated junior high and high school.
Bear in mind that that school is an integrated junior high and high school.
Bear in mind that we must guard against overeating.
Bear in mind that you are dust.
Bear in mind that you're a guest here and should behave accordingly.
Bear in mind that you’re a guest here and should behave accordingly.
Bear in mind that, under such circumstances, we have no alternative but to find another buyer.
Bear in mind what he said.
Bear in mind, Sir Henry, one of the phrases in that queer old legend which Dr. Mortimer has read to us, and avoid the moor in those hours of darkness when the powers of evil are exalted.
Bear in the grave.
Bear one another’s burdens, and so fulfill the law of Christ.
Bear sightings are on the rise.
Bear south until you reach the river.
Bear spray is more effective than a gun at preventing injury in a bear attack.
Bear these rules in mind.
Bear with me.
Bear: "It is a happy meeting, dear Leo, for I have not seen you in six whole months."
Beards are late after twenty, knowledge after thirty, riches after forty.
Beards are very trendy.
Bearing can be unbearable.
Bearing him wasn't easy and he didn't seem to be willing to change.
Bearing in mind the durability in washing and various factors this is what we arrived at:
Bears also tend to sleep more during the day than at night, although in the summer, with twenty-four hours of light, this does not apply.
Bears and wolves are cousins.
Bears are big and strong.
Bears are dangerous.
Bears are known for their predictive dormancy.
Bears are mammals.
Bears are overpopulated in Transylvania.
Bears are quite dangerous.
Bears are solitary animals.
Bears are very dangerous.
Bears are very smart.
Bears aren't the only animals that hibernate.
Bears can attack people.
Bears can be a deadly threat.
Bears can be extremely aggressive.
Bears can climb trees.
Bears can kill people.
Bears can stand on their hind legs.
Bears can walk with only their hind legs.
Bears could walk on their hind legs.
Bears eat everything.
Bears eat the honey and don't care about the bees.
Bears have a good sense of smell.
Bears hibernate during the winter.
Bears hibernate.
Bears like honey just as much as people do.
Bears like honey.
Bears like to scratch their back on tree bark.
Bears like to scratch their backs on tree bark.
Bears live in forests and do not like people.
Bears love berries.
Bears love honey.
Bears love the smell of kerosene.
Bears often scratch their backs on the bark of trees.
Bears often scratch their backs on tree trunks.
Bears scare me.
Bears seen in the distance are never actually too far away.
Bears sleep in caves in the winter.
Bears wash the berries in this stream before eating them.
Beasley said the problem of world hunger is solvable, but is not achievable without ending war and conflicts, which consume a huge portion of the global economy that could be used for development.
Beasts are numerous as fuck in this forest.
Beat Saber is perhaps the most famous VR game yet.
Beat Tom!
Beat egg whites in a bowl until they are foamy and have a thick, ribbony texture, 2 to 3 minutes.
Beat her ass!
Beat him with the broom!
Beat it!
Beat it, asshole!
Beat it, kids!
Beat it.
Beat me up!
Beat the Giants!
Beat the batter well.
Beat the egg before putting it in the soup.
Beat the egg white and the rest of the sugar, and then gradually add the liqueur.
Beat the egg whites until stiff.
Beat the egg whites until they begin to form peaks.
Beat the egg with a fork.
Beat the eggs in a large bowl.
Beat the eggs with a whisk.
Beat the eggs.
Beat the whites into stiff peaks.
Beat the whites of 3 eggs to a stiff froth.
Beat the yolks of four eggs and add one-half cup of sugar.
Beat the yolks of the eggs and the sugar together in a large bowl.
Beat two eggs.
Beating a video game should not count as DLC.
Beating oneself up is useless.
Beating the game without continuing unlocks the secret character.
Beating the other team was no sweat at all.
Beating up on little girls was something he really enjoyed.
Beating up people for disagreeing with you will, if anything, make them less likely to come to your side.
Beating up people you disagree with won't solve anything.
Beatings foster prudence.
Beatitude is superadded to nature.
Beatrice Hahn and her colleagues says it is possible that other SIV strains exist that could pose a risk to humans. They plan to continue analyzing chimp dung in other areas of west-central Africa to explore this question.
Beatriz still loves Luis.
Beats me.
Beautiful Marina, you don't need to paint yourself. Your face is beautiful—nature made it that way. Not even the finest paint can give your complexion more color, shine, and charm.
Beautiful and pale as the fabulous Naiad in the last agony of separation from her lover, she was seated so as to rest with her back against a part of the ruined wall, while her mantle, dripping with the water which her protector had used profusely to recall her senses, clung to her slender and beautifully proportioned form.
Beautiful bird!
Beautiful day, innit?
Beautiful day, isn't it?
Beautiful day, isn’t it?
Beautiful day.
Beautiful evening, isn't it?
Beautiful fireworks conclude these two joyful days.
Beautiful flowers don't always produce good fruits.
Beautiful flowers don’t always produce good fruits.
Beautiful flowers have thorns.
Beautiful girls dream of him.
Beautiful minds meet.
Beautiful monuments must be preserved.
Beautiful mornings begin with a cup of coffee.
Beautiful music is chicken soup for my soul.
Beautiful music, offered with dedication, has the power to unite people, Berkofsky says.
Beautiful night, isn't it?
Beautiful on Tatooine; there are two suns in the sky. Here on Friday in Isla Lulu it's foggy. At the Istarbak table, I had a black coffee with ice, and a sausage, cheddar, and egg sandwich. There were big men there: Some had shaved heads, had ponytails, or had tattoos. At another table was Don, the one with the white shaven head. When I got home, I saw Gay-Marie, the white neighbor, on the road. Today is the 24th of May 2024.
Beautiful people are more successful.
Beautiful poppies were growing along the road.
Beautiful poppies were growing beside the road.
Beautiful slaves clad in silks and gold came forward and sang to the prince and his royal parents.
Beautiful songs don't last long.
Beautiful stained glass is art.
Beautiful start.
Beautiful things give us pleasure.
Beautiful things grow amongst thorns.
Beautiful weather, isn't it?
Beautiful weather, isn’t it?
Beautiful woman, isn't she?
Beautiful women die young - or so the saying goes. If so then my wife is going to live a long life.
Beautiful!
Beautiful, aren't they?
Beautiful, don't you think?
Beautiful, intelligent and hot - this describes what he is not.
Beautiful, ugly, rich, poor, strong, and weak are examples of adjectives.
Beautiful.
Beauty and self-care go hand in hand.
Beauty begins with confidence.
Beauty can cause problems.
Beauty can do strange things.
Beauty cannot be determined objectively but depends on personal aesthetic criteria.
Beauty comes from how you feel inside.
Beauty comes in all shapes and sizes.
Beauty comes in all sizes.
Beauty doesn't last forever.
Beauty doesn't say anything about the character of a person.
Beauty fades with time.
Beauty fades.
Beauty favors love.
Beauty flourishes in a peaceful heart.
Beauty has its downsides.
Beauty in China was associated with wealth.
Beauty inside is better than outside beauty.
Beauty is a fragile miracle.
Beauty is a letter of recommendation which is almost impossible to ignore.
Beauty is a letter of recommendation which it is almost impossible to ignore.
Beauty is a matter of opinion but ugliness is universal.
Beauty is a matter of perception.
Beauty is a passing thing.
Beauty is a pink kitten who belongs to aurora.
Beauty is a power that often clouds our judgement.
Beauty is a reflection of inner peace.
Beauty is a reflection of the care you give yourself.
Beauty is a short-lived tyranny.
Beauty is a terrible and awful thing! It is terrible because it has not been fathomed, for God sets us nothing but riddles. Here the boundaries meet and all contradictions exist side by side.
Beauty is about embracing who you are.
Beauty is about feeling comfortable in your own skin.
Beauty is altogether in the eye of the beholder.
Beauty is an expression of self-love.
Beauty is beautiful in itself.
Beauty is but skin deep.
Beauty is everywhere.
Beauty is fleeting.
Beauty is found in authenticity.
Beauty is found in self-acceptance.
Beauty is found in self-love and compassion.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Beauty is in the way you treat yourself and others.
Beauty is more than skin deep.
Beauty is no quality in things themselves: It exists merely in the mind which contemplates them; and each mind perceives a different beauty.
Beauty is not in the face; it's in the heart.
Beauty is only skin deep.
Beauty is only skin-deep.
Beauty is revealed in moments of calm.
Beauty is subjective.
Beauty is that marvelous mystery that neither psychology nor rhetoric deciphers.
Beauty is the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
Beauty is the reason of life.
Beauty is the song of life.
Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror.
Beauty is truth, truth beauty.
Beauty isn't everything.
Beauty isn't important.
Beauty isn't perfection, it's balance.
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of infinite.
Beauty lies in the eyes of the one who sees.
Beauty lies in whatever one loves.
Beauty lies within calm.
Beauty lies within.
Beauty may only be skin-deep.
Beauty on the inside is more important than beauty on the outside.
Beauty pleases the eyes, kindness enchants the soul.
Beauty radiates from a peaceful spirit.
Beauty requires sacrifice.
Beauty rituals are moments of self-reflection.
Beauty rituals help reconnect with yourself.
Beauty shines brighter when it's shared.
Beauty standards are overrated.
Beauty such as hers is rare.
Beauty without bounty avails naught.
Beauty without goodness is worth nothing.
Beauty without grace is a hook without bait.
Beauty without grace is like a rose without a scent.
Beauty without kindness is like a rose without its scent.
Beauty without virtue is like spoiled wine.
Beauty's in the eye of the beholder.
Beauty’s in the eye of the beholder.
Beavers are hard-working animals.
Beavers are industrious.
Beavers are the second largest rodents.
Beavers build dams.
Beavers can cut down trees with their teeth.
Beavers have webbed hind feet.
Beavers may be considered as the busiest mammals on Earth.
Beavers must always wear down their teeth by chewing on trees.
Beavers rarely inflict damage on people.
Beavers sometimes get crushed by the trees they gnaw down.
Beavers were nearly eliminated from this area.
Because AIPAC's primary constituency is white Evangelical Christians, its views on Israel lie considerably to the right of those of American Jews.
Because American dramas are very bloody, he doesn't like watching them.
Because Ceres is spherical, it is unlike the majority of the members of the asteroid belt.
Because Chinese blogs use a lot of slang, I usually don't understand them that well, but I still think it's good for my Chinese.
Because Chinese blogs use a lot of slang, I usually don’t understand them that well, but I still think it’s good for my Chinese.
Because Donald got sick, he had to leave first.
Because Esperanto is a completely phonetic language, misspellings are virtually non-existent.
Because Fadil is stupid, he messed it up.
Because Gabriel doesn’t speak Russian, he has trouble arguing his case.
Because I admired his courage, I trusted him.
Because I am a homeroom teacher.
Because I am a student of old language.
Because I am a student of old languages.
Because I am sick today, I want to absent myself from the company.
Because I could not stop for Death, he kindly stopped for me.
Because I deserve it.
Because I did the performance without any preparation whatsoever, I can't say it was good.
Because I didn't hear from him, I wrote to him again.
Because I didn't know how to do it, I asked Tom for help.
Because I didn't know what to do, I asked him for advice.
Because I didn't take the bus, I'm not home yet.
Because I didn't take the bus, I'm still not home.
Because I didn’t take the bus, I’m not home yet.
Because I didn’t take the bus, I’m still not home.
Because I do not have children, I can spend more time volunteering than parents can.
Because I do sit-ups every day, you can finally see my six pack.
Because I don't have children, I can spend more time volunteering than parents can.
Because I don't think people would believe a dead woman.
Because I don't want to marry, my grandmother called me messed up.
Because I don't want to.
Because I don’t want to marry, my grandmother called me a cripple.
Because I eat out every day, I miss home cooking.
Because I got up late, I missed the bus.
Because I had a bad cold, I went to bed earlier than usual.
Because I had a cold, I stayed at home.
Because I hate you.
Because I have a dog, I am never alone.
Because I have a lot of money, I can travel a lot.
Because I haven't got a washing machine at home, I have to wash my clothes at the launderette.
Because I heard about the cake from Tom, I really want to eat it now.
Because I heard it so often, I can now recite the poem by heart.
Because I know toki pona, I'm going to go insane.
Because I know you and you aren't like that.
Because I left early this morning, I couldn't use my computer, so I used my phone to send messages.
Because I like stinking!
Because I live near the school, I come home for lunch.
Because I love you.
Because I loved her, I didn't marry her.
Because I passed the examination.
Because I said so.
Because I sleep too little, I feel sleepy throughout the day.
Because I sleep too little, I'm sleepy during the day.
Because I speak Chinese.
Because I studied for a long time yesterday.
Because I study literature, I tend to see films from an artistic perspective.
Because I trust you, I gladly trust my child to you.
Because I want to be a translator.
Because I want to become a translator.
Because I was a newspaper reporter.
Because I was afraid of hurting his feelings, I didn't tell him the complete truth.
Because I was in a hurry, I had to take a taxi.
Because I was lazing about everyday, I got sick.
Because I was scared.
Because I was sick, I didn't go.
Because I was sick, I didn’t go.
Because I was tardy a lot, I got on the teacher's bad side.
Because I was too busy.
Because I wasn't looking where I was going, I bumped into him when we passed. It wasn't his fault.
Because I wasn’t looking where I was going, I bumped into him when we passed. It wasn’t his fault.
Because I'm sick, I won't be coming.
Because I've been doing this a lot longer than you.
Because I've worn out my old coat I need to buy a new one.
Because IPv6 can provide a virtually unlimited number of unique addresses, the Chinese government is considering creating globally unique IP addresses that would be assigned to each citizen as a sort of online identification.
Because Israel lost a war in Lebanon in 2006, it led many massive bombardment campaigns in Gaza to try to restore its deterrence capacity.
Because I’ve grown up with farming, I never think that it’s something people are really interested in. It’s like, oh, that’s just how you get your food. But then, like hundreds and hundreds of people come to every single event, and it’s like whoa….
Because Janelle can really read the room, she is able to adjust her presentation to keep everyone focused and engaged.
Because Japan had a large population in the past, it was poor; however, now, Japan has become rich due to mutual cooperation and hard work.
Because Layla was dating a Christian boy, her father believed that she was shaming the family.
Because Lee was injured, the strength of the Stars has greatly diminished.
Because Mennad was fat, everybody picked on him.
Because Mennad wore a helmet, he's still alive right now.
Because Second Life can offer people so many friendships and teachable moments, Alice Krueger says that more than 70 English speaking groups assist people with disabilities or health issues through Second Life, and there are many support groups in other languages.
Because Tom admitted he had taken bribes, he didn't get reelected.
Because Tom admitted he had taken bribes, he didn’t get reelected.
Because Tom admitted that he had taken bribes, he didn't get reelected.
Because Tom didn't thoroughly clean the pots, Mary got dysentery.
Because Tom had missed the bus, he took a taxi.
Because Tom is an essential worker, he gets to keep his job if he's willing to face the workplace risks.
Because Tom is two-faced, it's better to be careful.
Because Tom just woke up, his speech is incognizable.
Because Tom mistranslated one sentence, our company lost a lot of money.
Because Tom was sick, he didn't go.
Because Tom's parents got divorced, he hardly ever saw his father.
Because Tom, who didn't have his key with him, was too miserly to ring the locksmith, he broke into his own flat.
Because Vasilissa was the greatest beauty in the whole village, her stepmother and her two daughters envied and hated her.
Because Vasilissa was the greatest beauty in the whole village, the stepmother and her two daughters envied and hated her.
Because William was disabled and struggled to talk, he never really could describe what was going on accurately.
Because Yanni didn't have a high school diploma, he couldn't find a decent job.
Because Yanni is already in probation, this charge is sending him straight to jail.
Because Ziri cut into the brown growth of the heather, it won't regrow.
Because a food grudge is terrifying, isn't it?
Because a man has had high aspirations, has tried with all the energy of his body and soul to realise them, and has, in the end, fallen short of his exalted aim, he is not, therefore, to be called a failure.
Because a man whose manners are as bad as yours must try everyone's patience.
Because a man whose manners are as bad as yours must try everyone’s patience.
Because a new commodity is announced, it is in good supply every three months.
Because a poor old man of 90 ran over a young woman, we are going to regulate car usage for the elderly.
Because all his friends were also poor.
Because all his friends were poor too.
Because all of the teams in the Premier League are really strong, the goal difference is usually small.
Because an average person doesn't need 3D, or high whatchacallit speeds.
Because an average person doesn’t need 3D, or high whatchacallit speeds.
Because anti-androgens and estrogen both treat and prevent prostate cancer, trans women typically do not need prostate exams, though this depends on family history and age when hormone therapy was started.
Because cheetahs often prey on the cattle, sheep and goats that now graze on the African savannah, they are often killed by farmers.
Because children are the most susceptible to attacks by rabid dogs, they account for the vast majority of deaths.
Because containers were taking longer to be unloaded, they were not always available to be shipped back — full or empty — to ports in Asia that export to much of the world.
Because dogs are more faithful than cats.
Because everyone is always complaining about how difficult their lives are, I'm beginning to feel like living in happiness is a crime.
Because families in Shanghai today have only one son or daughter, the head of the family places a strong emphasis on their child's studying.
Because food improved uptake of the drug, researchers also found a lower intensity of infection with the parasite S. mansoni in those who snacked. In addition, the youngsters who ate reported fewer side effects from the drug.
Because forests are massive sponges of carbon dioxide, reversing their loss would play an outsize role in fighting climate change.
Because he believes in the importance of people's own dignity, he advocates suicide.
Because he believes in the importance of people’s own dignity, he advocates suicide.
Because he can afford to hire a good accountant, Tom pays next to nothing in taxes.
Because he comes from a poor family, little Tom may have to go without boots this winter.
Because he couldn't kill me, I killed him.
Because he couldn’t kill me, I killed him.
Because he craved to find a wife, but did not succeed, he is trying online dating now.
Because he didn't want to lose face, he refused my offer to help him.
Because he didn’t want to lose face, he refused my offer to help him.
Because he doesn't want to marry her, she felt a distance between them.
Because he doesn’t want to marry her, she felt a distance between them.
Because he had been suffering from cancer for three years, his wife could see his death coming.
Because he hadn't eaten anything before the hike, he was about to pass out.
Because he has a baby-face, Tom is always asked to provide ID when he goes out to buy alcohol.
Because he has to work abnormal hours, Jack doesn't often eat with the rest of the family.
Because he invited me.
Because he is Muslim, he is treated differently.
Because he is a farmer.
Because he is big, Jeff needs two seats in the airplane.
Because he is dirty and wet.
Because he is good, it does not follow that he is wise.
Because he is old, he, too, has grown weak.
Because he is rich, it doesn't follow that he is happy.
Because he is rich, it doesn’t follow that he is happy.
Because he is there.
Because he is wealthy, he can go there.
Because he lied, he was punished.
Because he received no answer, he started running and shoved the ghost down the stairs, so that it rolled down ten steps and then remained motionless lying in the corner.
Because he said that, it must be true.
Because he still needed to verify his conclusions, Sergio opted not to say anything to his colleagues until he was sure he wasn't wrong.
Because he thought Fred's comment was tacky, Larry got up on his high horse.
Because he thought Fred’s comment was tacky, Larry got up on his high horse.
Because he was a great musician.
Because he was color-blind, Dalton's eyes were not like those of most people.
Because he was color-blind, Dalton’s eyes was not like those of most people.
Because he was ill, he could not go to the party.
Because he was ill, he couldn't go to the party.
Because he was just like a child, he yielded to temptation.
Because he was sick, Tom wasn't able to take the test.
Because he was sick,Tom didn't go.
Because he was tired, he went to bed early.
Because he was too proud of himself, he couldn’t do it.
Because he was unemployed, their wedlock failed.
Because he was wealthy, he was able to go there.
Because he was wearing a mask, nobody could see the scar on his left nostril.
Because he worked too much, he became ill.
Because he's ill, he can't come.
Because he's sick, he can't come.
Because he's studying in the Language Department right now, Tursun brags about himself being a "linguist".
Because he's working alone today, it's taking him longer to finish the job.
Because her parents got divorced, the girl had hardly any contact with her father.
Because her parents got divorced, the girl had little contact with her father.
Because her poor father couldn't support her, she paid for her own education by working.
Because he’s sick, he can’t come.
Because his family traveled from place to place, Cesar Chavez attended more than thirty schools as a child.
Because his father was working there.
Because his parents got divorced, Tom had hardly any contact with his father.
Because his parents had died when he was young, his uncle brought him up.
Because his poor father couldn't support him, he paid for his own education by working.
Because his salary is low, he can't buy that house.
Because his salary is low, he can’t buy that house.
Because his son was born in Algeria, he needed to seek custody in that country.
Because human-induced warming is superimposed on a naturally varying climate, the temperature rise has not been, and will not be, uniform or smooth across the country or over time.
Because if we had not been honest men we should long before this have battered your door down, as indeed I was just going to do when you opened it.
Because if you didn’t fit that mould, there was no way for you to express your difference.
Because in the world the truth has waned, I set out one day to seek it, but wherever I went asking for it, they all said, "Seek elsewhere, for it has been so lost that we have not had any news of it, nor is it any longer among us."
Because influenza in some countries can circulate year-round, there’s no particular flu season as in more temperate climates. The women were therefore vaccinated at various times with a shot that contained three inactivated flu strains. Each group was followed for up to 180 days to see whether they developed fevers and body aches.
Because it does not need refrigeration, Rouphael said the patch could be bought off a store shelf or mailed to patients. The fact that it is painless, said Rouphael, means more people are likely to get vaccinated against the seasonal flu virus. The patch’s manufacturer, Global Center for Medical Innovation in Atlanta, is investigating using the device for other vaccines, including for measles, mumps and rubella.
Because it exists.
Because it had been raining for a couple of days, the pitch was muddy and difficult to play on.
Because it inflames upper-airway tissues, smoking often leads to obstructive sleep apnoea. Alcohol and sedatives can worsen apnoea as well; acting as muscle relaxants, they make the airway smaller.
Because it is an interesting and beautiful city?
Because it is politics that has caused this war, making the war our everyday reality.
Because it is so old, Bennu could be made of material containing molecules that were present when life first formed on Earth.
Because it is there.
Because it is written in simple English even a child can understand it.
Because it quit raining, he went out for a walk.
Because it rained, I didn't go.
Because it seems to be heavy.
Because it started raining hard, we played indoors.
Because it started to rain, I couldn't use my camera.
Because it was cold yesterday, I stayed home.
Because it was dinnertime, we sat at the dining table.
Because it was late, Sami encouraged Layla to spend the night in his apartment.
Because it was raining we gave up on the idea for a walk.
Because it was raining, I didn't do that.
Because it was raining, he went to the yard to collect the clothes from the clotheslines.
Because it was summer vacation, I took a trip.
Because it was very cold yesterday, I stayed at home.
Because it was very cold yesterday, I stayed home.
Because it was very expensive, I did not buy it.
Because it's a developing country, some aspects of China aren't as good as those in Western countries.
Because it's difficult for the Chinese to learn Esperanto.
Because it's impractical.
Because it's in our DNA.
Because it's obvious when you're lying to me!
Because it's time you grew up.
Because it's too big.
Because it’s a developing country, some aspects of China aren’t as good as those in Western countries.
Because it’s difficult for the Chinese to learn Esperanto.
Because it’s too big.
Because just a few lines once a month are sufficient, if you write a blog, your ability in English will increase just from doing this.
Because just one minute costs nearly four pounds.
Because languages never stop transforming, the study of languages can never be completed.
Because light from the universe does not reach us instantly but takes time to travel vast cosmic distances, Hubble reveals galaxies not as they are today, but as they appeared when their light left those galaxies millions or billions of years ago.
Because machines could be made progressively more and more efficient, Western man came to believe that men and societies would automatically register a corresponding moral and spiritual improvement.
Because microplastics can’t be digested, they build up in the fish that consume them.
Because monocultural societies do not exist in reality, ethnostates are inherently oppressive.
Because mucous membranes are prone to infection, doctors advise that you wash your hands before picking your nose.
Because my bike had a flat tyre, I missed the seven o'clock train.
Because my husband has been admitted to hospital, I am writing on his behalf.
Because my mother is sick, my father will cook today.
Because my mother was ill, I could not go there.
Because my neighbour's blood pressure is so low, he got himself a prescription for a vasoconstrictor.
Because my nephew was still young, he was forgiven.
Because my nephew was still young, they cut him some slack.
Because my old ladder is broken.
Because my parents are divorced, I only spend time with my dad every other weekend.
Because my parents are separated, I only get to see my dad every other weekend.
Because my school was closed yesterday due to the snow, I hung out all day at home.
Because my stomach was upset, I took a day off school.
Because my teeth hurt, I couldn't open my mouth.
Because neither of us had the money to invite the other to the cinema, we each paid for ourselves.
Because no man can speak my language.
Because novels, just like paintings, need you to practice.
Because of ADD, I am significantly less efficient at doing my job when I have to work around other people.
Because of COVID, it won't be happening too soon.
Because of Hungary's proximity to Austria, Sofia speaks German with an Austrian flavour.
Because of Ibragim, Lyusya lost her appetite.
Because of Linda's outstanding grades last semester, I have arranged for her to visit Europe.
Because of Linda’s outstanding grades last semester, I have arranged for her to visit Europe.
Because of Mom and Dad, they hated love.
Because of Sami's continuous infidelity, Layla moved out.
Because of Sami's repeated infidelities, Layla decided to move out.
Because of TV, boys and girls don't want to read books.
Because of Tom he won't come.
Because of Tom's advice, I was able to succeed.
Because of Tom's harsh words, Mary felt as if she had plunged into the depths of misery.
Because of Tom, Mary has become depressed.
Because of Tom, this dream will not happen.
Because of a fever I stayed in bed.
Because of a flaw in the original design, our website is vulnerable to SQL injection attacks.
Because of a lack of cash, I cannot buy this.
Because of a legal error, an innocent man was convicted.
Because of a misunderstanding, Tom and Mary haven't spoken to each other now for a month.
Because of a serious disease, he can't move his body as most people can.
Because of a serious disease, he can’t move his body as most people can.
Because of a severe water shortage, the Australian government issued instructions explaining how to take a shower in five minutes.
Because of a short circuit, we were suddenly in the dark.
Because of a shortage of work, half the staff was discharged.
Because of a traffic jam, we were late for the meeting.
Because of a young Brazilian woman, Stephen started learning Portuguese.
Because of algae, the lake has that color.
Because of coronavirus, civic life is shutting down in Algeria.
Because of disaffection with her good-for-nothing husband.
Because of erosion, the trail is rocky and deep.
Because of everyone's correct-mindedness, the rain stopped on the morning of the match day.
Because of everyone’s correct-mindedness, the rain stopped on the morning of the match day.
Because of fierce Juno's ever-remembering wrath, he was tossed about much by the power of the gods, both on land and the deep sea.
Because of fighting in the region, the oil supply was temporarily cut off.
Because of financial difficulties, Zamenhof was unable to immediately publish his brochure.
Because of global warming, it's starting to melt in some parts of Alaska.
Because of global warming, it’s starting to melt in some parts of Alaska.
Because of heavy rain my car broke down.
Because of heavy snow, the plane from Beijing arrived 20 minutes late.
Because of her goodness and beauty everyone loved her.
Because of her persistence, she was able to complete the necessary steps to become a fully-fledged trainer.
Because of her physical disability Mary now uses a walking stick when she has to go outdoors.
Because of her position at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, she spent more time in hotels abroad than in her own home.
Because of her, he lived a miserable life.
Because of him the music world was changed forever.
Because of his Russian ethnicity, Igor was forced to leave Kiev.
Because of his achievements, he is held in high esteem.
Because of his advice, I was able to succeed.
Because of his age, my grandfather doesn't hear well.
Because of his age, my grandfather doesn’t hear well.
Because of his bravery, I had confidence in him.
Because of his determination, he was able to tide over the crisis.
Because of his expanding waistline, he switched from belts to braces.
Because of his great professional skill, the lawyer has a large number of clients.
Because of his habit of wasting money, he couldn't get married.
Because of his habit of wasting money, he couldn’t get married.
Because of his herniated disc, he'll never play baseball again.
Because of his high voice, Tom sings in the female choir.
Because of his illness, he was forced to put off the meeting.
Because of his impolite reply, she got angry and slapped his face.
Because of his lack of ambition, Daniel didn’t do well at school.
Because of his maladministration, his company was teetering on the edge of bankruptcy.
Because of his passion for indigenous Mexican art, he spends his weekends in Tlaxcala or Teotihuacan looking for good specimens of small statues.
Because of his poor upbringing, he still needs therapy for his scarcity mindset.
Because of his poverty, he didn't have a choice but to drop out of school.
Because of his previous engagements, he was unable to attend the event.
Because of his score of zero, he didn't dare to return.
Because of his strong accent, I hardly understand his English.
Because of his successes, but also his failures, he decided to found his company.
Because of his wealth, he was able to become a member of that club.
Because of hunger and fatigue, the dog finally died.
Because of hydraulic fracturing, used to extract natural gas, the earthquake risk for Oklahoma his risen exponentially and is now the same as for coastline from Alaska to California.
Because of illness, he was obliged to give up smoking.
Because of illness, she couldn't come.
Because of illness, she couldn’t come.
Because of inflation, salaries can't keep up with the high cost of living.
Because of inflation, salaries can’t keep up with the high cost of living.
Because of its fragile condition, it is not usually on public display.
Because of its large size and its heavy weight, the ostrich cannot fly.
Because of its low level of economic development, the region was not yet ready for industrialization.
Because of its origins and its odd appearance, the internet buzzed with a rumor/conspiracy theory that the object was actually an alien interstellar space probe, possibly carrying extraterrestrial intelligent life.
Because of its origins, Canadian English has features of both American and British English.
Because of its proximity to Jupiter, Europa is subject to impacts with space debris and intense electron radiation generated by the planet. Each of these impacts can stir up the surface of the moon.
Because of its reputation, I went there, but there was nothing interesting.
Because of large family sizes, children are inheriting smaller and smaller parcels of land.
Because of local folklore, the town of Ibaan in the Philippines was a scary place at night. The vintage wooden homes along streets were dimly lit. One didn't know if there were the infamous werehorses lurking in corners, as they smoked big cigars.
Because of modern communication and transportation systems, the world is getting smaller.
Because of my PTSD, I tend to dissociate when faced with a stressful situation.
Because of my bad eyesight, I can only read digital books with very large font sizes.
Because of my carelessness, a lot of mistakes creep into my sentences.
Because of my illness, I didn't leave.
Because of my jack-of-all-trades approach to life, I'd probably be a better fit as a general practitioner.
Because of my job, I will be in Tokyo next week.
Because of my lack of sleep I'm going to bed early tonight.
Because of my mental health, I no longer use Facebook.
Because of my post-traumatic stress disorder, I tend to dissociate when faced with a stressful situation.
Because of my recklessness, I have been playing a losing game since childhood.
Because of my short legs, I have to shorten all the trousers I buy.
Because of my short legs, I have to take up all the trousers I buy.
Because of my weakness, I hurt you.
Because of overfishing, some fish stocks are now at dangerously low levels.
Because of rain, I could not go out.
Because of rain, we couldn't go to the beach.
Because of rain, we couldn’t go to the beach.
Because of security cameras, everyone's every move is being watched.
Because of some technical problem, a movie was shown in place of the announced program.
Because of that virus, many elephants lost their lives.
Because of that, Tom left.
Because of that, nothing lojbanic is expressed.
Because of that, the global recession could not affect the economy of Bangladesh.
Because of the COVID, people fear the episodic attack of fever.
Because of the Internet, people can meet other people whom they otherwise would never meet without the Internet. And it is at least global.
Because of the US invasion, millions of Iraqis were forced to flee their homes.
Because of the accident I went too late to school.
Because of the accident he became deaf.
Because of the accident, Ziri's organs moved around.
Because of the accident, he'll have a limp for the rest of his life.
Because of the accident, there was traffic on the bridge.
Because of the advice that you gave me, I succeeded.
Because of the bad weather, I didn't go.
Because of the bad weather, Tom didn't want to go out.
Because of the bad weather, any thought of sight-seeing in the city was abandoned.
Because of the bad weather, any thought of sightseeing in the city was abandoned.
Because of the bad weather, he couldn't come.
Because of the bad weather, he couldn’t come.
Because of the bad weather, my piano teacher suggested that I go home early.
Because of the bad weather, the game was cancelled.
Because of the bad weather, the plane was delayed three hours.
Because of the bad weather, the plane's departure was delayed by two hours.
Because of the bad weather, the plane’s departure was delayed by two hours.
Because of the bad weather, we've decided not to go hiking.
Because of the change in Canadian marriage laws, many American homosexuals came to Canada to get married.
Because of the children, we're still together.
Because of the city lights, you can't see the stars.
Because of the contract, he is bound to deliver them.
Because of the convenience of public transportation, I can go anywhere.
Because of the delay, I will go home.
Because of the demands of the exam, those who sat it were held in high regard and were awarded with a certain degree of power.
Because of the dense fog, nobody could be seen.
Because of the dense fog, nothing could be seen.
Because of the dense haze, the road was hard to see.
Because of the difference in climate, the same crop is not cultivated in both the northern and the eastern parts of the country.
Because of the difference in climate, the same crop is not cultivated in the North and East of the country.
Because of the difference in climate, the same grains are not cultivated in both the northern and the eastern parts of the country.
Because of the dog, we bought a house with a big yard.
Because of the drought, the grass has withered.
Because of the famine, the cattle starved to death.
Because of the financial crisis, that wasn't a very good year.
Because of the flood, it was a bad rice-harvest.
Because of the fog, the airplane has been rerouted to Munich.
Because of the gas, we teared up.
Because of the gravity on Mars, spacesuits may have to be designed to be lighter than suits used in orbit or on the moon.
Because of the heat, I slept with a window open.
Because of the heavy fog, not a single person could be seen.
Because of the heavy fog, we could barely see the road in front of us.
Because of the heavy rain, we were obliged to stay there.
Because of the heavy snow, the railroad traffic has been interrupted.
Because of the heavy snow, the train was 10 minutes late.
Because of the high fire risk, the governor of California issued a statewide campfire ban.
Because of the hot sun, they were tired.
Because of the icy streets, we could not drive the car.
Because of the increased prices, the customers stay away.
Because of the increasing risk of complications the doctor decided to induce labor.
Because of the intense sunlight, his back got sunburnt.
Because of the knight's unusual way of hopping around the board, beginners are often taken by surprise and find themselves the victims of a knight's fork.
Because of the level of pollution which was said before, you can help the local environment by avoiding petrol-based means of transport, so you can both spend less money and reduce the level of pollution.
Because of the level of pollution, which was mentioned before, you can help the local environment by avoiding petrol-based means of transport, so you can both spend less money and reduce the level of pollution.
Because of the long business trips I am already used to it.
Because of the lull in the wind, we couldn't fly the kite.
Because of the pills I took, the pain went away.
Because of the poor harvest, wheat prices have gone up in the last six months.
Because of the poor lighting, I didn't recognise her at first.
Because of the problem of air pollution, the bicycle may some day replace the automobile.
Because of the protracted depression, many workers are unemployed.
Because of the rain they had to cancel the game.
Because of the rain, the audience at the concert was small.
Because of the rain, the boys couldn't play baseball on the playground.
Because of the rain, the picnic was held in the gymnasium.
Because of the rain, we couldn't play tennis outside.
Because of the rain, we didn't play tennis outside.
Because of the rain, we had to eat our picnic inside.
Because of the rain, we weren't able to play tennis outside.
Because of the rain, we weren’t able to play tennis outside.
Because of the shock, she gave birth too soon.
Because of the snow storm, Tom and Mary were stuck in Boston.
Because of the snow storm, Tom was stuck in Boston.
Because of the snow, I couldn't see anything.
Because of the snow, it cannot be done.
Because of the snow, the train didn't run.
Because of the storm, I might not be able to get home tonight.
Because of the storm, all the houses in my street lost power this morning.
Because of the storm, it's been lashing it down here all day.
Because of the storm, the ship couldn't enter harbour.
Because of the storm, the ship couldn't enter the harbour.
Because of the storm, the ship couldn't leave port.
Because of the storm, the ship couldn't leave the harbor.
Because of the storm, we couldn't search for the lost child.
Because of the storm, we had no choice but to stay at home.
Because of the storm, we were obliged to stay at home.
Because of the storm, we weren't able to arrive at the appointed time.
Because of the street fighting, the city is in utter confusion.
Because of the thick fog, the road was hard to see.
Because of the thick fog, we could not see the signs clearly.
Because of the three node nesting, no single computer in the Tor network knows either the ultimate source or destination of the traffic, or even the other computer’s encryption keys, shielding users identities.
Because of the time commitment required for this program, I wouldn't recommend enrolling while also taking summer classes.
Because of the time difference, I want to call you at a time that works best for the both of us. In terms of Japan time, when are you able to call?
Because of the traffic jam, it took us thirty minutes to cross that bridge.
Because of the typhoon, my parents ended their trip one day early.
Because of the typhoon, the school was closed.
Because of the unique technology we've developed, we are able to sell our new product for a lower price than that of our competitors.
Because of the victory, he became a hero.
Because of the volcanic eruption, many people were forced to evacuate.
Because of the water shortage, I couldn't take a bath.
Because of the water shortage, I couldn’t take a bath.
Because of their big eyes, ostriches have no place for a brain in their heads.
Because of their good work history and excellent credit record, the bank manager felt safe in offering Tom and Mary a mortgage at only two percent above the prime interest rate.
Because of their incompetence, I'm totally stressed out.
Because of their large size, elephants have a huge impact on their environment.
Because of their rarity, pandas have become a world treasure.
Because of their semi-delusional state they are dangerous, but only to themselves and those they are trying to control. They will usually commit to a thought or idea that crushes their soul!
Because of these self-reflections, I've also realized that my tastes have changed as time goes by.
Because of these trees, he can't see the forest.
Because of these trees, he can’t see the forest.
Because of this I was able to find my daughter.
Because of this it will probably be generally cloudy and rainy weather over tonight and tomorrow.
Because of this treatment, I think my son will have to miss school for a while.
Because of this, I had no time at all.
Because of this, I left.
Because of this, I think less of Tom.
Because of this, Koko can understand hundreds of spoken words.
Because of this, Tom left.
Because of this, one must only use clean water, whether for drinking or cleaning, and one's hands should be clean as well.
Because of tides, the water levels in an estuary are going up and down several times a day.
Because of what?
Because of yesterday's heavy snow, the ground is very slippery. As soon as I stepped outside, I slipped and fell on my bottom.
Because of you I got ill.
Because of you, I almost became a stutterer.
Because of you, I can no longer let myself go with anyone.
Because of you, I learned to embrace my uniqueness.
Because of you, I was humiliated in front of everyone.
Because of you, I was late.
Because of you, I'm having problems with my blood pressure.
Because of you, Mary is mad at Tom.
Because of you, everything went to pot.
Because of your advice, I was able to succeed.
Because of your guidance, I found my true path.
Because of your symptoms, you must be temporarily medically isolated.
Because one put on a gold necklace, the other put on a string.
Because only one person knows this, it isn't very important.
Because our class is in the same package as Foo, we can access Foo's protected methods.
Because our kids got married, we are now in-laws.
Because our time is limited, we can't cover this topic in as much detail as we would like to.
Because our trip was cancelled, Tom and Ginny's argument about where to eat on the way became a moot point.
Because our world is teeming with inventive ideas, we remain vigilant to test and potentially adopt tools that can provide as many solutions as possible to challenges our participants my encounter.
Because people in the world don't speak the same language, much effort is now devoted to translation.
Because people in the world don’t speak the same language, much effort is now devoted to translation.
Because plant diversity is key to our survival, it is essential that plant germplasm be protected and shared. If germplasm is lost, it cannot be recreated and so is lost forever.
Because plants use water continuously, but in most places it rains only occasionally, the water-holding capacity of soils is essential for plant survival.
Because she believed in God, she had nothing to worry about.
Because she couldn't find a pillow, she smothered him with a handkerchief.
Because she didn't have any money, she couldn't go with me.
Because she felt sick.
Because she got sick, she didn't go to school.
Because she has a good figure, whatever she wears suits her.
Because she is twenty-five years old, she gets married.
Because she loves me, I love her too.
Because she really loves him.
Because she takes after her younger sister, I cannot tell one from the other.
Because she was a fairy she could do a miracle.
Because she was cold, she turned on the stove.
Because she was in a hurry, she had to take a taxi.
Because she was out of office I got an auto-reply.
Because she was out of the country, she used Skype frequently.
Because she was overseas, she often phoned via Skype.
Because she was so happy, she did not know what to say at first.
Because she was unwell, she didn't go to school.
Because sleeping with Ymir was very comfortable, I had overslept for 30 minutes.
Because so many adults have passed away, young people and even children are forced to head up households.
Because so many people want a European passport, sham marriages are on the rise.
Because some urgent business came up, he wasn't able to go to the concert.
Because stars are only like grains of sand, women are hesitant about astronomy.
Because that could have been the murderer, I hid myself under the bed.
Because that's what they called my brother.
Because the Church taught that the Earth was at the center of the universe, Copernicus' theory was regarded as heresy.
Because the Dunes are on a major migratory path, they are also home to more than 300 species of birds, including waterbirds such as loons and herons, birds of prey such as hawks and bald eagles, and a wide variety of songbirds.
Because the English language has so much technical literature, it may be considered a very masculine language.
Because the Green Party in Canada has only one elected member of parliament, she sometimes jokes that she can hold caucus meetings in a telephone booth or a cloakroom.
Because the Japanese morning train is very crowded, I would be out of breath if I caught the express train at 8 in the morning.
Because the acoustic environment is made up of many sounds, the way we experience the acoustic environment depends on interactions between the frequencies and amplitudes of all the sounds.
Because the adults have a lot to do, the children are left to their own devices.
Because the battery of my watch is very small, I can't change it by myself.
Because the channel was changed he got angry.
Because the cruise ship was too large, it had to drop anchor outside the harbour.
Because the distance between the Sun and Mars varies, temperatures range from -125 degrees Celsius in the Martian winter to 22 degrees Celsius in the Martian summer.
Because the drain is blocked, the water can't flow away.
Because the entrance was locked, we couldn't enter the house.
Because the entrance was locked, we couldn’t enter the house.
Because the farm is indoors, the farmers can control the environment, including temperature, to improve their crops.
Because the foundation was not made right, the house leans to one side.
Because the ice became soft, we had to call off the ice-skating party.
Because the ink ran out, the printer couldn't print anything.
Because the last bus had already gone, I had to take a taxi.
Because the lawnmower has packed up, Tom is cutting the grass with a scythe.
Because the lecturer speaks quickly few people could follow him.
Because the new trainee did things sluggishly, he was told that he'd be fired if he didn't start taking his job seriously.
Because the new trainee did things sluggishly, he was told that he’d be fired if he didn’t start taking his job seriously.
Because the parents divorced, the girl had little contact with the father.
Because the personal computer here cannot change the system, nothing can be done.
Because the players have to work together to finish the level, but they each compete for their own score, this game falls under the genre of "co-opetition."
Because the president is a human being, making mistakes is possible.
Because the refrigerator door had remained open, much of the food spoiled.
Because the saxophone wasn't invented until the mid-nineteenth century, it was unknown to Mozart or to Beethoven.
Because the servers communicated in their mother tongue among themselves, some customers complained and thereby made a pathetic display of their own shortcomings.
Because the stadium is not far from my house, I often go to football games.
Because the store is so small, he has to wear many different hats, from accountant to stock boy.
Because the surroundings were so dark, he could not see anything.
Because the teacher was sick, they sent a substitute.
Because the traffic light turned red, he stopped his car.
Because the train did not wait for me.
Because the voices of protest grew louder and louder, his speech couldn't be heard.
Because the voices of protest grew louder and louder, his speech couldn’t be heard.
Because the weather is bad, the picnic has been canceled.
Because the white genes are mutations of the genes of the original men of color — and males are mutations of the original females — we can finally answer the question Is God black? The answer is Yes, She is.
Because the wind had died down, we couldn't fly the kite.
Because the wind had dropped, we couldn't fly the kite.
Because their playing boards are identical, checkers and chess have often been compared with each other.
Because their rapid pulse of radio emission is so predictable, a large array of well-understood pulsars can be used to measure extremely subtle abnormalities, such as gravitational waves.
Because there are a lot of volcanoes, it is easy for Japan to be hit by earthquakes.
Because there is a forest nearby, Mary has a bush fire plan.
Because there is no rational argument for keeping trans women out of women's sports, the argument ends up becoming a proxy for people's views on trans women in general. People who dislike trans women see this as the frontier in their effort to push broader hatred of trans women.
Because there was a lot of traffic, Tom and I were late to the meeting.
Because there was plenty of water...
Because there was traffic, I was late for the meeting.
Because there was traffic, I was late to the meeting.
Because there were no taxis, I had to walk home.
Because there were so many of us, we didn't all get a seat at one table.
Because there's a red-throated loon on the coin.
Because there's pollution in the cities.
Because there's the chance to help each other, as well as some healthy competition, I think going to the gym with friends is the best way.
Because there’s a red-throated loon on the coin.
Because there’s the chance to help each other, as well as some healthy competition, I think going to the gym with friends is the best way.
Because these transient radio pulses disappear in much less than the blink of an eye, researchers have had a hard time tracking down where they come from, much less determining what kind of object or objects is causing them.
Because they "could not both support wife and airplane" the two brothers spent their lives as bachelors.
Because they are clean.
Because they had no time to spare, they hurried back to town.
Because they had not achieved complete success they gave more scope for the activity of my imagination.
Because they had not uploaded it.
Because they hadn't seen it.
Because they hung it upside down.
Because they were speaking Chinese, I couldn't understand anything they said.
Because they're eating dinner.
Because they're watching television.
Because they’re eating dinner.
Because they’re watching television.
Because this is a beta version, there may be bugs.
Because this is such a highly technical subject, I would like to point out in advance the likelihood that some of what I'm about to say may include information that is incorrect.
Because this is such a highly technical subject, I would like to point out in advance the likelihood that some of what I’m about to say may include information that is incorrect.
Because this sentence is only spam, please feel free to delete it from the database.
Because thou sayest — I am rich, and have grown rich, and have need of nothing, and hast not known that thou art the wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked.
Because tomorrow is a holiday from school, we plan to go on an excursion.
Because warm water sinks in very cold freshwater, fish often gather in groups near the bottom.
Because we are anational, we promote a neutral language.
Because we are free we can never be indifferent to the fate of freedom elsewhere. Our moral sense dictates a clearcut preference for these societies which share with us an abiding respect for individual human rights.
Because we believe that the Esperanto movement is currently the most suitable force for quickly bringing triumph to the idea of a universal language, we promote Esperanto.
Because we love you, we are updating Tatoeba to bring you a better user experience. See? We love you huh?
Because we only have one earth, we need to understand more how to care for it.
Because we reached our sales target for the year, we gave pouches of money to all of our employees.
Because we reject the same thing that people of all faiths reject: the killing of innocent men, women, and children. And it is my first duty as President to protect the American people.
Because we were delayed by a traffic jam, we had to hurry.
Because we'll all fall down on the cold ground.
Because we're both a butcher's shop and a restaurant, we can offer such low prices. Please have a taste!
Because we're worth it.
Because we’ll all fall down on the cold ground.
Because we’re worth it.
Because when I was a kid, I used to say that too.
Because you are an idiot!
Because you devour in one meal what was given for three.
Because you don't have to say it.
Because you don't respect Tom, we will call him off.
Because you never let your wife feel that she is a woman.
Because you sell it.
Because you smell bad, that's why.
Because you want it.
Because you work so much, you are always very tired.
Because you're a minor, you can't enter.
Because you're a student, you should study.
Because you're a sweet and lovely girl.
Because your boss is incompetent, he's making your life a nightmare.
Because your business can play to my strengths.
Because you’re a minor, you can’t enter.
Because you’re a sweet and lovely girl.
Because you’re not seeing it.
Because zeal for Thy house hath eaten me up, and the reproaches of them that reproach Thee are fallen upon me.
Because, in the same way as painting, practice is essential for novels.
Because, no matter if we have got lost, I'd hate to sleep outside this sort of place.
Because, no matter if we have got lost, I’d hate to sleep outside this sort of place.
Bechloul is a commune in Bouira.
Beckham's Asia tour was thrown into the spotlight after the English national captain transfered last week from Manchester United to the Spanish club Real Madrid in a deal worth about $41 million.
Becky is a hardcore homonazi.
Becky is by far the best nurse in the whole hospital.
Become a polarizing figure for your industry by announcing that clients should not be tolerating the poor standards of service that are offered by your competitors.
Become a solar system detective and see if you can solve the stellar mysteries in this slideshow before reading how the scientists did it.
Become a sponge for information.
Become aware of your entire body.
Become aware of your feelings.
Become aware of your thoughts.
Become financially free.
Become more adaptive in life.
Become more flexible!
Become part of a growing community.
Become someone who deals with obvious things in the most obvious way.
Become the best version of yourself.
Become ungovernable.
Become yourself the person you were born to be.
Become yourself.
Becoming Muslim can have a huge positive effect on your life.
Becoming Muslim can have a profoundly positive effect on your life.
Becoming Muslim was the best decision of my life.
Becoming a Muslim is a conscious decision that one has to make.
Becoming a family practitioner was far less stressful for the doctor and offered similar pay.
Becoming a father isn't difficult, however, being a father is very difficult.
Becoming a father isn't hard.
Becoming a literate news consumer requires us to be able to identify legitimate journalism.
Becoming a member of the library is easy.
Becoming a teacher is my goal and destiny.
Becoming fluent in a foreign language requires a lot of practice.
Becoming fluent in a foreign language takes a lot of time.
Becoming fluent in a language takes time and effort.
Becoming happy is the world's most important journey.
Becoming increasingly convinced that the end of the world was fast approaching, Tom sold most of his earthly possessions and began living in a tent off the grid.
Becoming rich is the opposite of becoming poor.
Becoming rivals in love caused the rupture of friendship.
Becoming skilled in speaking takes time.
Becoming too fat is not good for one's health.
Becoming too fat is not good for one’s health.
Becoming very tired, I stopped to rest.
Bed nets treated with inexpensive pyrethroid insecticides are the main defense against biting, malaria-carrying mosquitoes, and they have significantly cut down on the number of cases. The World Health Organization reports malaria infected an estimated 212 million people in 2015, killing some 429,000 of them.
Bedbug infestations have been reported in towns and cities in every American state in the last few years, according to experts at the federal government’s second annual bedbug summit, held in early February in Washington, D.C. The insectile invasion of American homes and public places is expected to worsen. Experts say that increased resistance to pesticides means the tiny insects, which feed on warm-blooded animals, are here to stay, especially in densely-populated cities.
Bedbugs have invaded France.
Bedouins live in the desert.
Bedouins were selling blocks of salt for camels.
Bedrooms were made to sleep in.
Bedtime is approaching, kiddo. Get yourself ready for a cozy sleep.
Bedtime is at seven for the children.
Bedtime is here, my dear.
Bedtime is non-negotiable, kiddo. Time to put your head on the pillow.
Bedtime now, my little one.
Beduins are nomads.
Bedwetting is more common than you may think.
Bee farmers earn slightly more than $3,000 for a ton of honey or beeswax on the international market.
Bee stings are really annoying.
Bee stings can be very painful.
Bee stings really hurt.
Beef and mutton are often too expensive in Algeria.
Beef and mutton are too expensive in Algeria.
Beef and pork are usually more expensive than chicken.
Beef fajitas are a favorite.
Beef head!
Beef is expensive now.
Beef is expensive nowadays.
Beef is expensive.
Beef is more expensive than chicken.
Beef is more expensive than pork.
Beef is the most expensive meat.
Beef is too expensive in Algeria.
Beef is usually more expensive than pork.
Beef is very expensive.
Beef jerky is a popular snack.
Beef kebabs are great for BBQs.
Beef shawarma is a Middle Eastern delight.
Beef stew should be nice and thick.
Beef stir-fry is quick and delicious.
Beef stock was the base of the soup.
Beef, coffee, and gold are Nicaragua's top three export commodities.
Beef, please.
Beekeepers believe that GM crops adversely affect the health of their bees.
Beekeepers remove the honeycomb to collect the honey.
Beekeepers, or apiarists, house their domesticated honey bee colonies in man-made hives kept in an apiary, or “bee yard.”
Beekeeping dates back to ancient Egypt. But this ancient art, on which agriculture is so dependent, may now need to rely on some high-tech calculations for its survival.
Beekeeping is an outdoor activity.
Been a long while since I felt this awful.
Been a while since I saw you.
Been a while, hasn't it?
Been here long?
Been pretty good last few day the cars been broke down so working on it and been tired so I fell asleep early.
Been there, done that.
Beer bottles are made of glass.
Beer bottles are opened with a bottle opener, and wine bottles are opened with a corkscrew.
Beer bottles are opened with a bottle opener, wine bottles with a corkscrew.
Beer bottles are opened with a bottle-opener, wine bottles with a corkscrew.
Beer brewers in Germany have seen sales rise by 0.6 percent, or 300,000 hectoliters, in the first half of 2018 compared to the same period last year.
Beer consists of 90% water.
Beer contains hops.
Beer fatigues you because it causes a food intolerance and an immune response. It's not the alcohol.
Beer for everyone.
Beer is an acquired taste.
Beer is beer.
Beer is brewed from malt.
Beer is cheaper than water in the Czech Republic.
Beer is drunk cold.
Beer is free on Thursday.
Beer is just liquid bread, right?
Beer is my fuel.
Beer is not really so unhealthy, at least in moderation.
Beer is perishable.
Beer is prohibited before 4:00.
Beer is sold by the pint.
Beer is taxed according to its malt content, so low-malt beer is cheaper.
Beer is the answer, but I don't remember the question!
Beer is usually drunk cold.
Beer isn't beer without a nice layer of foam.
Beer isn't beer without a nice layer of head.
Beer makes a lot of foam.
Beer makes everything better.
Beer makes me smarter.
Beer makes you feel the way you ought to feel without beer.
Beer or wine?
Beer sales are at the mercy of the weather.
Beer sales are up.
Beer without a tasteful layer of foam isn't beer.
Beer without a tasteful layer of head isn't beer.
Beer's good.
Beer, wine and spirits are still a big part of life here, but in a land with a boozy reputation, it is health-conscious young people who are drinking less.
Beer. Basically fermented grass for earthlings.
Bees always buzz near the kitchen window.
Bees and ants are descended from wasps.
Bees and ants are each nested within the wasp tree, among the wasps with stingers.
Bees and ants descended from wasps.
Bees and ants evolved from wasps.
Bees are busily collecting nectar from flowers and turning it into honey.
Bees are busily collecting nectar in the meadow.
Bees are busy collecting nectar in the meadow.
Bees are busy collecting the nectar from flowers and turning it into honey.
Bees are extremely important not only for humans, but also for nature.
Bees are flying among the flowers.
Bees are flying around.
Bees are flying insects.
Bees are fuzzy, while wasps are smooth.
Bees are insects that fly and sting, gather nectar and pollen from flowers, and produce honey and wax.
Bees are social animals.
Bees are very useful animals because they produce honey, wax, and pollinate flowers.
Bees are wasps that went vegan.
Bees busily collect nectar from flowers and turn it into honey.
Bees can kill people.
Bees carry the pollen in specialized structures on their hind legs called “pollen baskets,” or corbiculae (meaning “little baskets” in Latin).
Bees communicate the location of food by carrying odor samples back to the hive.
Bees feed on nectar.
Bees flap their wings to fly around.
Bees flitted from flower to flower.
Bees fly from flower to flower.
Bees give us honey.
Bees harvest the nectar and convert the sugary liquid to honey, the insects’ primary source of carbohydrates.
Bees have a barbed stinger that can be stuck in the victim of a sting, tearing the stinger loose from the bee's abdomen, which results in its death.
Bees have bright colors to dissuade their enemies.
Bees have conspicuous colors to deter their enemies.
Bees help plants spread their pollen.
Bees indigenous to North America include bumblebees and carpenter bees, along with a number of specialists in native wildflowers.
Bees live in strictly organized societies.
Bees love medlar tree flowers.
Bees make honey, who needs money?
Bees make honey.
Bees pollinate flowers and trees, and collect nectar to make honey, bee glue and bee venom.
Bees produce honey so they will survive the winter.
Bees provide honey for us.
Bees provide us with honey.
Bees sting animals that threaten them.
Bees sting threatening animals.
Bees sting.
Bees were buzzing around the flowers.
Bees, ants, wasps, and sawflies are hymenopterans.
Bees, flies, and beetles are holometabolans.
Bees, like wasps, have a stinger.
Beeswax is also one of the most commonly used waxes in cosmetics.
Beeswax is popular for making candles and as an ingredient in artists’ materials and in leather and wood polishes.
Beethoven died March 26, 1827, at the age of 57.
Beethoven goes to the piano, sits down at it, and begins to play.
Beethoven gradually lost his hearing.
Beethoven is okay, but I prefer Tony Joe White.
Beethoven learned to play several instruments.
Beethoven lived outside Vienna and often went on long walks in the country.
Beethoven lived outside Vienna, often going for long walks in the country.
Beethoven lived outside of Vienna and often took long walks in the country.
Beethoven was a great composer.
Beethoven was a great musician.
Beethoven was a legendary composer.
Beethoven was deaf in his late years.
Beethoven was very deaf, and those who met him had to write down what they wanted to say with a large pencil, such as is used by carpenters.
Beethoven went over to the piano, sat down and began to play.
Beethoven wrote nine symphonies.
Beethoven's Ode to Joy is the official anthem of the European Union.
Beethoven's father was a singer.
Beethoven's instrumental music invites us to contemplate a landscape gigantic beyond measure.
Beethoven's music portrays the whole spectrum of human emotions, from exhilarating joy to deep despair.
Beethoven's tempo was strange because his metronome was broken.
Beetles are insects.
Beetles lay eggs.
Beetles, butterflies and cockroaches are insects.
Beetles, in general, are cool.
Beetroot was offered to Apollo in his temple at Delphi.
Beets have an antimicrobial effect.
Before 17:00, at Tim Hortons café, I was enjoying an Iced Coffee with oat milk. At the café, sitting at the long table with a drawing of an ice hockey rink thereon, were three mulattoes and one Asian, all of varying stockiness and handsomeness. Homebound, I noticed the abundant horsetails in the alleyway. At home, I listen to Zouk music in French Creole on my tablet, as well as Gringo Pop from the 1970s to the 1990s. I watch, in Tagalog, Jezelle's Vlog about native Philippine life on Mount Tralala. The later afternoon had clearer skies, here on Lulu Island. It's the 14th of May of 2025.
Before 1856, when the first synthetic dye was invented in England by a chemist who made a beautiful purple color out of tar, all colors were natural. They were made in some vividly amazing ways.
Before 1989, Algeria had a socialist system very similar to that of the Soviet Union.
Before 1994, Wollemi Pines were thought to be extinct.
Before 7 o'clock at night on the 8th of November of 2021, I could hear a flock of geese in the darkness beyond my bedroom window.
Before 8 o'clock in the morning of the 8th of November of 2021 at the cafe, I sat drinking iced green tea and eating banana bread. At the front table sat a Filipino woman talking in Tagalog in her cellphone. A big brown-haired man in blue and grey waited at the counter. On my way home, passing by were a brown-haired girl in black and a brown-haired boy in black, who exclaimed, "They think Esperanto is more like a violin..."
Before Alice can graduate this year she needs to finish student teaching.
Before Autumn came Summer.
Before COVID-19, much of the contact tracing U.S. health departments did was for sexually transmitted infections, which carry more of a stigma than the coronavirus infection.
Before David arrived, Samantha started to lay the table.
Before David arrived, Samantha started to set the table.
Before Donald could reach for his phone, Jessica ran away.
Before Donald was born, Mom and Dad spent a lot of time with me.
Before Einstein, scientists used to think that space had no end.
Before Elon Musk took over at Twitter, the company fought censorship requests from the Turkish government and won. Now it rolls over for them.
Before European colonization of the Americas, Italians had never eaten tomatoes and Hungarians had never eaten paprika.
Before French colonization, Algeria developed commercial ties with European powers.
Before French colonization, Algeria formed favorable relationships with European powers.
Before God, we're all equal.
Before I announce and share something, it's worth checking that it actually happened.
Before I answer your question, please answer mine.
Before I answer, I'd like to know why you'd ask that.
Before I answer, I'd like to know why you're asking me that.
Before I began my studies, I looked for a room in a shared flat.
Before I converted to Islam, I didn't believe in God.
Before I converted to Islam, I was living in darkness.
Before I could ask for an explanation, the woman of my dreams was gone... forever.
Before I could figure out what was happening, they were already in a full-on argument.
Before I could jump into the boat, it was already a meter from shore.
Before I could protest, I was handcuffed and was on my way to prison.
Before I could say anything, Tom walked out the door.
Before I couldn't tell the difference between marble and tile. Now that's all I can do.
Before I die, in addition to my last will and testament, I want to write a love letter as well. No matter how shameful it may be, I don't have to be ashamed anymore.
Before I do anything else, I'd like to get something to drink.
Before I do anything, I'd like to talk to Tom.
Before I even arrive at the Oval Office, shortly after we all together win the presidency, we will have the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine settled. It will be settled. The war is going to be settled. I'll get them both—I know Zelensky, I know Putin, it'll be done within 24 hours, you watch. They all say, "That’s such a boast." It will be done very quickly.
Before I forget, I will tell you.
Before I forget, there was something else.
Before I forget: there was something else.
Before I get out of bed, I spend a little time thinking about what I'll be doing the rest of the day.
Before I get out of bed, I spend a little time thinking about what I’ll be doing the rest of the day.
Before I get up, I spend some time thinking about what I'll be doing for the rest of the day.
Before I go to Paris for work, I need to improve my French.
Before I go to bed, I drink a glass of milk.
Before I go to bed, I listen to music.
Before I go to school, I take a shower.
Before I go to sleep I listen to music.
Before I go to sleep, I listen to music.
Before I got married I had six theories about bringing up children; now I have six children and no theories.
Before I got this new OLED TV, I used to have a plasma screen.
Before I had eaten breakfast, I had run five miles.
Before I have time to think, he lifts my chin, and brushes my lips with his, and they're not as cold as I imagined.
Before I joined the army, I was a doctor.
Before I kill you, let me reveal to you my entire evil plan.
Before I knew it, I couldn't see the birds.
Before I knew it, I couldn’t see the birds.
Before I knew it, I didn't want to see you again.
Before I knew it, I had come to agree.
Before I knew it, I was at the bottom of the list.
Before I knew it, my cooking skills had improved.
Before I knew it, the plane had landed.
Before I knew it, the tables turned and I became the one they were laughing at.
Before I know it, I just burst into tears.
Before I know it, the data is gone.
Before I leave, I would like to see you.
Before I let Tom in, I hid the buffalo in my living room by draping a sheet over it.
Before I make a decision, I'd like to consult my family.
Before I met you, I never felt this way.
Before I reported it here, five to twenty sentences went by the wayside!
Before I start doing small talk, I'd rather not talk at all.
Before I start doing small talk, I’d rather not talk at all.
Before I start working in Paris, I need to improve my French.
Before I was like you.
Before I went to John’s home, he had gone to school.
Before I went to bed, I set the alarm clock for seven.
Before Islam, he was a Christian.
Before Ivan left, he screwed up again.
Before Kate was married last year, some expressed concerns that as she was born a commoner, she would struggle with the pressure of being thrust into the public eye.
Before Mary got married, she was a dancer.
Before Mary got married, she was much thinner.
Before Mennad knew it, six cops rushed in the room and arrested him.
Before Miroslav could reveal anything, he was shot in the head.
Before Rosdiana worked in the Post Office. Now she works at university. Tomorrow she will look for another job at a bank.
Before T was added to LGB, trans people were there anyway. That's why it was added.
Before TV cameras, they emptied bottles of Bordeaux wine into the gutter - crying out slogans against the France that had rejected the war in Iraq.
Before Three Kings' Day, the children send letters with their wishes.
Before Tom and Mary realized what was happening, their friendship had turned into love.
Before Tom became Mary's chauffeur, he was John's chauffeur.
Before Tom became famous, he was a junior high school art teacher.
Before Tom could leave, the police arrived.
Before Tom could make his aim certain, Jim Travers popped in front, so in line with the beast that the young marksman could not fire at one without risk of hitting the other.
Before Tom could say anything, angry Marina slapped him on the cheek.
Before Tom did it, I'd have said it couldn't be done.
Before Tom got married, he used to go out drinking every weekend.
Before Tom had a chance to reply to Mary's question, she asked another.
Before Tom met Mary, he drank heavily.
Before Tom met Mary, he never seemed to be happy.
Before Tom was Mary's chauffeur, he was John's chauffeur.
Before Tom was born, I was an accountant.
Before Tom went to the dentist, he drank a glass of schnapps.
Before Trump, even the United States didn't dare move its embassy from Tel-Aviv to Jerusalem.
Before Trump, no American administration dared move its embassy from Tel-Aviv to Jerusalem.
Before WWII, the border between Finland and the USSR was near Leningrad.
Before World War II, most Jews were against Zionism.
Before Yanni converted to Islam, he was Christian.
Before Yanni could hit his wife, his eldest daughter interposed herself between them.
Before Yanni got the chance to spend his stolen money, he got a knock on the door from FBI agents.
Before Zarathustra, Persians believed in multiple deities, as did most nomadic tribes at the time.
Before Ziri came to Islam, he was very depressed.
Before Ziri could even say something, Rima spoke up.
Before Ziri could figure out what to do next, his phone began ringing.
Before Ziri could finish, Rima hugged him tight.
Before Ziri could get to the hospital, it started raining.
Before Ziri could run away, Walid's men seized him.
Before Ziri could say another word, Rima walked away.
Before Ziri could say anything else, Rima hung up.
Before Ziri could say anything, Rima screamed and ran off.
Before Ziri had the chance to finish his words, the principal showed up.
Before Ziri had time to think, Rima walked in and told him that the boss had just fired him.
Before Ziri said another word, Rima hung up on him.
Before Ziri said anything, he ran away.
Before a boisterous sellout crowd of about 65,000 fans, wearing mostly the home team's red, South Korea and Germany battled up and down the field in a scoreless first half.
Before adding a new sentence, please check that your sentence brings new vocabulary by searching the keywords.
Before all things, you ought to learn the simple sounds, of which human speech consists; which living creatures know how to make, and your tongue knows how to imitate, and your hand can draw out.
Before any action, check the actor.
Before anyone could stop Michael, he stormed off.
Before anything else, let's welcome a new member to our company.
Before arriving at school, Donald went to a public restroom and changed.
Before astronomers had telescopes, they could only use quadrants to map objects in the sky.
Before attempting to read this selection aloud, read it silently and try to understand every statement or allusion contained in it.
Before automobiles filled out streets, city air used to be clean.
Before battle was joined they say that someone from Trachis warned him how many Persians there were by saying that when they fired their bows, they hid the sun with the mass of arrows. Dianeces, so the story goes, was so dismissive of the Persian numbers that he calmly replied, "All to the good, my friend from Trachis. If the Persians hide the sun, the battle will be in shade rather than sunlight."
Before bearing fruit, orange trees bloom with orange blossoms.
Before bearing fruit, orange trees blossom with a flower called an "azahar".
Before becoming a famous actor, Tom worked as a personal trainer.
Before beginning to shop at this online store please familiarize yourself with these store policies.
Before being able to write data on a hard disk, you first need to create a partition, then to create a filesystem on it, and finally to mount this filesystem.
Before being brave enough to approach the Kabyle language, Tom first learned French.
Before being declared a country, who did Kosovo belong to?
Before buying anything, you had better ask yourself whether you cannot do without it.
Before buying shoes, you should try them on.
Before catching the bus, I always stop by the kiosk to buy some licorice.
Before chopping the lettuce, thoroughly rinse it.
Before classes, Ziri likes to drink coffee in the school cafeteria.
Before coming to Berlin, I had very little interest in German history.
Before coming to Tokyo, we lived for ten years in Osaka.
Before coming to Tokyo, we lived in Osaka for ten years.
Before considering investing in Algeria, it's very important what's going on in the country.
Before crossing any street, look first left, then right, and left again.
Before dawn of the 17th of February of 2022, I had a pizza sandwich and a can of Thai iced tea at a corner convenience store. I went home. As the sun came out, I went to drink iced black tea at the cafe, where there were some students. Later, at the pizzeria, I had a spicy pizza slice, a cheese pizza slice, and iced tea. Through the side window, I could see a dark-haired man in dark-green shorts, as he paced back and forth, his hairy muscular legs showing.
Before dawn on the 6th of March of 2022, I walked in the dark to the corner convenience store to buy two cans of Thai tea drinks, two packets of instant noodles, and a bag of fried pork rinds. I drank the orange-brown Thai tea drinks outside the store. As I was homebound, in the dark, a car stopped as a passenger came out to urinate, and then he hopped back into the car, and then the car fled. In the sunny morning, I walked to the cafe to have iced black tea and a banana loaf. Waiting for his coffee order was a tall bearded man, not thin, with red-brown hair, with a black tuque, black sleeved shirt, black pants, and brown sandals. Taking advantage of the spring-like weather here on Lulu Island, I ventured a third time promenading before noon, to the pizzeria for a pizza slice and a cold diet cola. On the way to the pizzeria, I waved to Gurpreet the Sikh at the gasoline station. A Eurasian girl in a dark-blue-grey jacket, grey-black pants, and white light sweater entered the pizzeria to order a pizza. On the big screen was a basketball game in progress. As I was homebound, a bicycling Eastern man in a green jacket and grey sports pants halted in the middle of the alley.
Before dawn, I was walking around and around the clandestine neighbourhood cul-de-sac. I was observing the dark sky with illumined clouds. The cul-de-sac is one of my other temples. In the sunny morning, I did see Marian my blonde British neighbour. She was dressed in green, as I was. She remarked how the air still felt cool. Her husband Martin is an Anglo with some German blood. Later, I greeted Sandra my Fijian neighbour, who is three-quarters Chinese and one-quarter East Indian. She was married to a Caribbean black, and has two hybrid children, Darius and Jewel. It's the 22nd of May of 2025.
Before deciding to buy it, I tried on the jacket to see if it would fit.
Before deciding, I would like to consult with my family.
Before deciding, I'd like to consult with my family.
Before doing so, you must ask your mother for permission.
Before doing that, you need to ask Tom for permission.
Before dying, he spent more than a month in hospital.
Before dying, she spent more than a month in hospital.
Before each camping trip, Matthew carefully checks all of his gear to make sure everything is in good condition and ready to use.
Before each of us was a gilt dish of sweetmeats, specimens of the most perfect dainties of the confectioner’s art.
Before eating anything, you should wash your hands.
Before eating here is a little advice.
Before eating here's a small tip.
Before eating it, cook the meat well.
Before eating?
Before electricity was discovered, Christmas trees used to be lit by candles.
Before embarking on this type of therapy, the wishes of the patient herself must be carefully taken into consideration.
Before everything you should take better care of your health.
Before exiting through the door, the man had whispered a word which no one managed to understand.
Before flying to Paris, I had already planned out the route to the grocery store from our hotel.
Before forks and chopsticks, people usually ate food with a piece of flat bread.
Before getting married, I called my girlfriend's mother "Auntie". After marriage, I started calling her "Mom" instead.
Before getting on a horse, you usually put a saddle on its back.
Before going back to work, I decided to rest a little.
Before going home she rang her mother.
Before going home, I have a few drinks to relax.
Before going to Algeria, Ziri came to say goodbye to Rima.
Before going to Cannes, we bought bathing suits.
Before going to France we decided to study French.
Before going to France, Mr. Suzuki studied French.
Before going to France, my son is going to study French.
Before going to Mexico, I studied Spanish.
Before going to bed, I drink a glass of milk.
Before going to bed, I generally read.
Before going to bed, I took three pills to stop a cold.
Before going to bed, a real programmer puts on the bedside table two glasses: one with water to drink during the night, and another empty, in case he won't be thirsty.
Before going to bed, double-check that there are no lights left on.
Before going to bed, he usually takes all the coins from his pockets and dumps them on the table.
Before going to sleep, it is necessary to ventilate the room.
Before going to sleep, the boy watched the shadows disappear.
Before going to study in Paris, I have to brush up on my French.
Before going to study in Paris, I must brush up on my French.
Before going to work in Paris I have to freshen up on my French.
Before going to work in Paris I must freshen up on my French.
Before going to work in Paris I need to brush up my French.
Before going to work in Paris, I have to brush up on my French.
Before going to work in Paris, I must brush up on my French.
Before graduation, I went to visit my teacher to express my gratitude for everything he'd done for me.
Before granting me confession, the priest asked me "What are your sins?"
Before he asked her another question, she asked him who he was.
Before he converted to Islam, he didn't know how to read and write.
Before he converted to Islam, he felt so lonely.
Before he could answer, Mary grabbed Tom by the hand and led him to the dance floor.
Before he could fly a real plane, Ben was made to demonstrate his skills in a simulator.
Before he died, he briefly regained consciousness.
Before he died, he was almost blind.
Before he embraced Islam, he was hopelessly lost.
Before he had been a month in Avonlea he had won the reputation of being an odd person . . . "a crank," Mrs. Rachel Lynde said.
Before he knew it, Ziri was kicked out of school.
Before he knew it, he was asleep.
Before he left for Algeria, Fyodor purchased a camera.
Before he left primary school, Ali began to have erections.
Before he left the United States, Sami thought that everyone in the world was Christian.
Before he retired, he had handed over charge of his office.
Before he settled down and started a family, Sanjay was a revolutionary combatant.
Before he started learning Arabic, Fadil already knew Hebrew.
Before he was a Muslim, he never had any ties with his family.
Before he went fishing, he dug up some worms for bait.
Before he went to the dentist, Tom drank a glass of schnapps.
Before his conversion to Islam, Sami was Christian.
Before his date, he made sure to brush his teeth.
Before his death, he wasn't considered a great writer.
Before his departure, the saint counseled old man Mickal.
Before his work as an adjunct instructor, he had worked in a lab which, until it ran out of funding, sponsored his work visa.
Before inheritance comes dying.
Before it could get under way, all manner of preparation work had to be done.
Before it gets out in the media, I'd like to announce to all my fans that I'm pregnant.
Before it happened, any one hearing of it would have refused to believe it.
Before it's cooked, butternut squash smells like melon.
Before its demise in October 1994, Magellan was able to collect radar images of 98% of Venus' surface.
Before joining a multiplayer server, Tom practiced against bots in singleplayer.
Before judging others, put yourself in their shoes.
Before leaving Tattershall we made a sketch of the glorious old tower that uprises so grandly from the level land around, which sketch is engraved with this chapter, and will give a better idea of the stately pile than pages of printed description possibly could.
Before leaving home, I checked to see if I had forgotten anything.
Before leaving home, consult the weather forecast.
Before leaving the room, Tom took Mary's diamond necklace.
Before leaving the room, make sure the call light is within the patient's reach.
Before leaving, he told me that everything was properly tied up and nothing would fall onto the road.
Before leaving, his men set fire to the city.
Before long he came into the room.
Before long she will come back to the stage.
Before long there loomed a development which no one had taken into consideration.
Before long, Yanni and Skura were inseparable.
Before long, he had recuperated.
Before long, it'll be cold again.
Before long, she came into my room.
Before long, she got pregnant.
Before long, she will be a good teacher.
Before long, the Princess came with the carriage and four horses.
Before long, the ghost disappeared into a thick fog.
Before long, the moon began to appear.
Before long, the moon came out.
Before long, we'll be able to communicate with each other by T.V. telephone.
Before long, we’ll be able to communicate with each other by T.V. telephone.
Before making a commitment, it's essential to consider the consequences.
Before making a decision, study the case more thoroughly.
Before making a judgement, I actively try to understand a topic better.
Before making important decisions, Tom always consults his astrologer first.
Before making important decisions, Tom always consults his astrologer.
Before making something, make the man.
Before matter (the universe) began to exist, there had to be a mind to conceive and organize it.
Before me, in my line of sight, stood several apartment buildings side by side.
Before meeting him, Pizarro hid many of his men and guns near the town.
Before meeting him, Pizzaro hid many of his men and guns near the town.
Before meeting your guests, be sure to carefully check that the toilet door locks.
Before middle school, she knew where she wanted to attend high school and in high school, she immediately knew where she wanted to go to college.
Before modern day maps of the Middle East, before the Ottomans and the Romans, and before thousands of years of kings and caliphs, were the Assyrians—one of the world’s first modern empires.
Before morning he'd be up and down every chimney in New Amsterdam, filling the stout grey yarn stockings with toys, and apples, and ginger-bread, laughing and chuckling so all the while, that the laughs and chuckles didn't get out of the air for a week afterwards.
Before moving on, Tom set about putting the spot where he had pitched his tent back the way he had found it. When he had finished, there was no sign that anyone had been camping there.
Before moving to Boston, we lived in Chicago for three years.
Before my father died, he and I talked about the afterlife. He mentioned that when he died, his "mind" would be moved to a newborn baby in "another planet" very far away, and he would grow up there.
Before my father died, he told me something: When he dies, he will live again. He will be reborn as a child on another "planet".
Before my own father passed away, we talked about the afterlife. My father had said that at his death, his "mind" would transfer to a newborn baby on a different faraway "planet," and there, he would grow up. Despite Roman Catholic and Baptist influences, my father believed in rebirth or reincarnation and other non-Xtian ideas. In the 1970s, he read books by Tuesday Lobsang Rampa and Erich von Däniken. Also my Filipino friend Greg believes in some non-Xtian ideas, despite that he claims to be a hardcore Baptist. It is difficult for others, especially Westerners, to understand my religious stance, of being a Syncretist, chiefly Buddhist-Animist, but not discounting other belief systems, and even inclining towards Science.
Before my time!
Before noon only women are admitted into the thermal baths.
Before noon today, I walked, returning to Tim Hortons café to drink a Vanilla Cream Cold Brew with oat milk. I introduced myself to Ken, who wore a dazzling white-on-black T-shirt with the word "GORILLAZ" and a drawing of a face on it. He said that his daughter brought it from her trip to Japan. Ken, I think, is a motorcyclist because he carried a helmet and had a black leather jacket. On my way home, I noticed everywhere the profusion of wild dandelions with their yellow blooms and already white seed puffs.
Before now I had no idea that you could cook so well.
Before now, when you thought of a city, you thought of crowded streets, parking problems, traffic jams, queues, noise and fumes.
Before olives can be eaten, they must be soaked in lye, which must then be rinsed off.
Before opening his diner, John was a simple hot dog vendor.
Before our baby could eat solid food, we fed her pap.
Before our eyes appeared the little island.
Before packing up his camping gear, Matthew always makes a list of everything he needs to bring to ensure he doesn't forget anything important.
Before pan-Arabism, which arose in the 20th century, it was not common to refer to everyone who spoke Arabic as Arab. Among some peoples, it is still controversial.
Before panic could take over, William made an announcement.
Before plumbing came to the farm, this small building served as the site's toilet. It is a reconstruction—the original was torn down. This outhouse features a seat with two holes. This was not unusual as many outhouses had different sized holes for adults and children. There are also some pages from an old Sears and Roebuck Catalog in the structure. Farmers wouldn't waste money on purchasing toilet paper when they could recycle something they no longer needed!
Before pouring cement mixture into forms for a foundation, the work crew securely place an armature of steel bars at a predetermined spacing in order to reinforce the finished building's hardened concrete. If a piece of steel is not long enough to span the required distance, the workers will overlap two pieces and tie them together to form a strong splice.
Before proceeding further into the details of the rooms, it will be well to examine the plans of a few dwellings copied directly from the architect's drawings. The first plan given (fig. 97) is that of a house built in Tokio a few years ago, in which the writer has spent many pleasant hours.
Before proceeding to sea, the crew will batten down the hatches in order to prevent flooding below decks that might cause the ship to founder.
Before putting the cables in, I lubricate the tube.
Before relating the rest of the scene, it might not be useless to describe the place where it occurred.
Before retiring from her company, Anna reached the level of vice president.
Before retiring he usually dumps the chicken feed from all his pockets onto the table.
Before saying goodbye to their neighbors, the Smiths had to tie up some loose ends inside the house.
Before seeing the doctor today the 18th of August of 2015, I have vacationed for a few hours at the Richmond Public Market. It's like a big garden atrium that looks like 22nd-century tropical Southeast Asia. At Captain Wa, I buy white rice with fried squid, fried fish, and fried tofu. It all tastes like fried chicken because I've been devouring fried chicken for some weeks now. At Peanut's, I get a Sour Plum Bubble Green Tea. At QQ, I get a Cold Mint Bubble Green Tea. At Peanut's again, I get a Lychee Bubble Green Tea. Then, from there again, I get a Starfruit Bubble Green Tea. They're all delicious!
Before serving the pierogi, Mary sprinkles them with grated goat's cheese and puts a dab of tomato sauce on each one.
Before she answered, she closed her eyes and slapped her forehead.
Before she could even talk, Ellie Heath used to spend hours drawing.
Before she died, your grandmother told me to give them to you when you get married.
Before she moved to France, she lived in Sweden.
Before she retired, she worked as a secretary to a director of a research school at a university.
Before slicing the lettuce, give it a good rinse.
Before starting to embroider, I wind the thread onto cardboard bobbins to make it easier to access.
Before starting, you must prepare psychologically.
Before steroids! I will never understand why men are not satisfied with a natural body. A body like his is marvelous; it looks so soft yet firm. I love seeing a man who doesn't fear fat. I would love to enjoy the privilege of spending a divine night in his loving embrace.
Before taking a decision, I'd like to consult my family.
Before taking a journey, I got a haircut.
Before taking the measures you must take account of the difficult circumstances.
Before taking the stand, the defendant raised his hand and swore to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
Before talking with Tom, Mary armed herself with courage.
Before terraforming Mars, let's attempt the considerably smaller task of keeping Earth terraformed.
Before that I played with my sister in the park.
Before that, there was no plant life in this region.
Before that, we had better make sure of the fact.
Before the 15th century it was generally believed that the Earth was at the centre of the universe.
Before the French arrived and we switched to the metric system, builders used their turbans to measure the houses.
Before the Internet, friends and lovers had to correspond.
Before the LP, you could only get 3 minutes or so onto one side of a record and now because you had a narrower groove and a slower speed, you could get up to 20 minutes, which meant that you could get a whole package of songs together on one record.
Before the Spanish conquest, the Aztecs got up to eighty percent of their nourishment from amaranth grains.
Before the Zionists came to Palestine, Jews and Muslims had great relations.
Before the advent of antibiotics, physicians had effective treatments for but a handful of diseases.
Before the advent of video games children played cowboys and Indians.
Before the alarm clocks, people stuck nails into candles to wake up at a specific time. It was even possible to make a snooze function by using multiple nails with short gaps.
Before the arrival of the Europeans, yellow fever hadn't been a problem.
Before the arrival of the Europeans, yellow fever hadn’t been a problem.
Before the arrival of the French, Algeria was already united under Ottoman rule.
Before the arrival of the potato in Europe, and for a long time after, latkes used to be made out of a variety of different ingredients, from buckwheat to cheese.
Before the arrival of this skyscraper, all the buildings in the city stood in special relationship to each other.
Before the battle of Korčula, the Venetians refused all peace offerings.
Before the building of school grounds, an area near my home on Lulu Island was mounds of dirt. There was an impromptu bike track. Wild red poppies grew. I would fantasize that amongst the mounds were Star Wars' Jawas.
Before the city council could select a contractor and begin construction on a new recreation centre, eligible voters had to approve, by referendum, a $2 million bond issue to pay for its expected capital cost.
Before the class stands a big blackboard.
Before the cock crows, you will deny me three times.
Before the conference, he conferred with his colleagues.
Before the conquest by the Arabians, the majority of the Persians were Zoroastrians, but there were also Jews and Christians. So, who could imagine today that Iranians have Jewish or Christian ancestors?
Before the court case began, Yanni ended his own life.
Before the crash, Tom and Mary had been hoping to become professional tennis players.
Before the crash, Tom had been hoping to become a professional tennis player.
Before the days of the French Revolution there was still to be seen at Quimper, between the two towers of the cathedral, a figure of King Gradlon mounted on his faithful courser.
Before the discovery, it was thought that the ancient Egyptian pharaoh, Ramses V, was the earliest example of smallpox because of what scientists assumed were pox marks found on the remains.
Before the doors stood four guardians armed with halberds.
Before the ellipses, you need a space.
Before the end of January 2020, many natural catastrophes happened.
Before the end of coronavirus, a new virus emerged.
Before the engine would start, I had to adjust the carburettor.
Before the exam, he began to study in earnest.
Before the existence of Algeria, which is a French colonial creation, Kabylia was an independent country.
Before the face of God I take you as my husband. I promise faithfulness to you for better and worse days, in sickness and in health, till death do us part. I want to love, cherish and honor you all the days of my life. Wear this ring as a sign of our love and faithfulness: In the name of the Father and the Son and of the Holy Spirit.
Before the face of God I take you as my wife. I promise faithfulness to you for better and worse days, in sickness and in health, till death do us part. I want to love, cherish and honor you all the days of my life. Wear this ring as a sign of our love and faithfulness: In the name of the Father and the Son and of the Holy Spirit.
Before the fact? Or after the fact?
Before the fire brigade arrived, the house was fully burned down.
Before the fire engine arrived, the whole house had burnt down.
Before the fire engine arrived, the whole house was burnt down.
Before the firemen were able to arrive, both buildings burned down.
Before the grass grows, the horse dies.
Before the horse race begins, the jockeys grip the reins tightly to restrain the impatient horses.
Before the internet, if someone said something that offended people on TV, people would write letters to the network and say, ‘I won't be watching anymore.’
Before the law, many Americans with pre-existing conditions were locked or priced out of the health insurance market. More than 50,000 Americans with pre-existing conditions have gained coverage through the new Pre-Existing Condition Insurance Plan.
Before the law, we're all on an equal footing.
Before the man drowned, he shouted one last time for help.
Before the marathon begins, a computer chip device is attached to each runner’s shoe. It electronically records how long the runner takes to complete the race. Timing begins when a runner passes another device placed across the road at the starting line. The computer chip records each runner’s time as he or she passes over several areas along the race. And it records the runner’s final time when crossing the finish line.
Before the match, an opening ceremony was held in the Yoyogi stadium.
Before the match, the players sing their national anthem.
Before the meal was over they were quite good friends.
Before the operation, the patient has to be anaesthetised.
Before the operation, the patient has to be anaesthetized.
Before the operation, the patient must be anaesthetised.
Before the operation, the patient must be anaesthetized.
Before the painter arrives, the cupboards must be emptied and everything stacked in the middle of the room.
Before the performance, the athletes have a warm-up.
Before the plane landed, the hostesses brought drinks around.
Before the race, the runners have to warm up.
Before the renovation the house was in a disastrous state.
Before the restocking of cheetah at Kwandwe, experts warned the park’s owners that the animals would “clash” with the reserve’s resident lions. The biggest of big cats is traditionally the cheetah’s main enemy and competitor for food.
Before the rooster crows, you will deny me three times.
Before the sale, they raise prices to make the discounts seem larger.
Before the second world war, the border between Finland and the USSR was near Leningrad.
Before the ship sank, the radio operator broadcast one final message - SOS!
Before the wedding the bridesmaids are expected to plan a bachelorette party for the bride.
Before the well-known short-story writer from New Zealand would've closed the sentence with a period, Mary quickly sneaked up to Tom.
Before their canoe trip down the Yukon River, Tom and Mary had decided to dehydrate their fruits and vegetables in order to take up less space.
Before their execution, they were tortured savagely for months.
Before their honeymoon was over, they were forced to part, for the king had to go on a warlike expedition to a far country, and leave his young wife alone at home.
Before their official debut, the two performed together many times.
Before they even began deliberations, many of the jury members had reached a verdict.
Before they grasp what is happening to them, the police will arrest them.
Before they let us use the software, we had to sign a confidentiality agreement to say we would not release anything about it to the public.
Before they start portraying an 18th century character, the actors attend history classes, costume fittings and rehearsals.
Before they used wood for heating.
Before things could get out of hand, a security guard showed up.
Before this car, I drove a Nissan.
Before this decision takes effect, nobody will lift a finger in order to solve this.
Before this war, a large part of the Ukrainian population identified with Russia - now almost the entire population is aggressively anti-Russian.
Before this, I worked as a cab driver.
Before this, Mary called me to ask how the project was coming along.
Before tidying up, all my things were lying scattered about in their proper places; afterwards, everything was neatly arranged the devil knows where.
Before touching food, you need to wash your hands.
Before transport, a layer of plastic was wrapped around the package.
Before traveling to Japan, the pope visited Thailand to preach a message of religious tolerance and peace.
Before turning, put on your blinkers to warn other drivers.
Before understanding the situation clearly, he hastily gave his opinion.
Before us lay the dark bulk of the house, its serrated roof and bristling chimneys hard outlined against the silver-spangled sky.
Before us stood a laughing girl.
Before us stood a laughing young woman.
Before use, read the contents of the leaflet included in the package or consult a doctor or pharmacist, as all incorrectly used medication threatens your life or health.
Before using this product, carefully read this manual and the additional information in the expanded version of this manual available at our Web site.
Before we began, we explained the rules of the game and dealt out the cards.
Before we begin, I'd just like to point out to everyone that we have to be very careful not to break anything.
Before we begin, a number of preliminary remarks are in order.
Before we begin, are there any questions?
Before we begin, let's discuss your limits, boundaries, and any specific desires you have.
Before we begin, let's have a quick overview of Java 8.
Before we can file the claim, I need you to sign this.
Before we can make a decision, we must have all the facts.
Before we dug our well, we used to carry water from the river.
Before we examine Emmet's theory, we must clarify the concept of 'internal symmetry.'
Before we examine Emmet’s theory, we must clarify the concept of ’internal symmetry.’
Before we get out of the taxi, we pay the fare.
Before we get started, I'd just like to say a few words about how important this job is.
Before we get started, are there any questions?
Before we get started, here's an overview of what we learned last week.
Before we get started, let me ask a question.
Before we get started, let me show you a couple of examples.
Before we go anywhere, we should exchange some money.
Before we go further, allow me to declare my true and complete marijuana history.
Before we go into Marx's theories, I'm going to give a quick overview of their historical context.
Before we knew where we were, the dust storm was on us.
Before we know it, another year has passed.
Before we know it, it'll be Christmas.
Before we look at these test papers, I have something to say.
Before we ran out of books, today's children don't read.
Before we say goodbye, there's something I'd like to ask you.
Before we separated, we'd been married for thirty years.
Before we start walking we need to know where we are going.
Before we try to evaluate the products, let’s set up a testbed so we can make fair comparisons.
Before we try to move up to the next level, I think we need to focus on keeping what we have.
Before we welcome the beautiful tomorrow, every rich men will ensure they have sufficient rest!
Before we wrap up, let's take some questions from the audience.
Before we wrap up, we'll take some questions from the audience.
Before welcoming a beautiful tomorrow, every rich man will ensure that he gets sufficient rest!
Before widespread literacy, history was written by the winners.
Before winter I'll have the windows painted, as the paint on them is slowly peeling off, especially outside.
Before winter starts, the swallows fly south.
Before working here, Tom was a police officer for thirteen years.
Before you are finished, you will have been through fire.
Before you be my friend, the world lacked nothing; after you depart, the world will lack nothing.
Before you buy a house, ask about the neighbor.
Before you buy that car, you should shop around a little more.
Before you can board the plane, you'll have to go through airport security checks.
Before you can board the plane, you’ll have to go through airport security checks.
Before you can change the world, first you have to change people.
Before you can love others, you need to be able to love yourself.
Before you can milk the cow, you have to collect all the eggs in the chicken coop.
Before you can use them, you first need to initialize the variables.
Before you criticize a man, you should always walk a mile in his shoes.
Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes.
Before you cross the road, look both left and right.
Before you cross the street, look both left and right.
Before you die you see the ring!
Before you do anything else, you should apologize to Tom.
Before you do that, there is something you need to know.
Before you eat medlars, you need to let them sit in a dark corner to blet.
Before you eat, make sure you wash your hands.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves.
Before you find your handsome prince, you've got to kiss a lot of frogs.
Before you fix a windshield chip, you need a razor blade to clean it and remove any tiny pieces of glass that might still be in it.
Before you get on that airplane, I need to tell you something very important.
Before you give orders, you must learn to obey.
Before you go hiking in the woods, find out what you should do when you meet a bear.
Before you go on vacation, don't forget to put on your "out of office" message so people know who to contact while you're gone.
Before you go out remember to check the gas is turned off.
Before you go out, close the doors.
Before you go play, do your homework.
Before you go play, make sure you brush your teeth first.
Before you go to bed in a hotel, familiarize yourself with the location of the emergency exit.
Before you go to him, make sure he's home.
Before you go to sleep, you absolutely must take this medication.
Before you go to visit him, you should make sure he's at home.
Before you go, buy me a stuff.
Before you go, don't forget to pay the bill.
Before you go, there is a question I wish to ask you.
Before you got here, nobody was dancing.
Before you help me in the kitchen, please wash your hands properly.
Before you judge someone, first walk a mile in their shoes.
Before you leave home, make sure your pets have enough food.
Before you leave the house, please turn off the lights in the kitchen and the living room.
Before you leave, I need to speak to you.
Before you leave, can I ask you something?
Before you make a decision about your marriage, you should have a consultation with your parents.
Before you make dinner, I will clean the table.
Before you make the candy, make sure to temper the chocolate.
Before you open up the band-aid, make sure your hands are clean.
Before you plan on heading out anywhere, you need to check the weather.
Before you put even a morsel of food in your mouth — a potato chip, a stick of gum, a beefsteak dinner — you flip open your camera phone, snap a picture of the item, and e-mail it to a dietician.
Before you put on your apron, check if it's already clean and fresh.
Before you put something out on the Internet, speak the words you just typed. Say it out loud.
Before you put the knife away, please wipe it dry so that it will not rust.
Before you put the noodles in the pot, you have to break them up into small pieces.
Before you reached drinking age, you couldn't stand family parties.
Before you say anything, let me explain why I did it this way.
Before you say anything, let me explain why I did what I did.
Before you screw on the nut, put a washer on it.
Before you send it, it needs to be signed.
Before you speak ill of people, look at yourself in the mirror.
Before you start learning French, you need to ask yourself why you're learning it.
Before you start something, you need to be clear about what it is you want to achieve.
Before you start studying French, ask yourself why you're learning it.
Before you start, think about what your goal is!
Before you touch any food, go wash your hands first, okay?
Before you touch your baby sister, make sure your hands are clean. Can you do that for me?
Before you undress, close the curtains.
Before you utter a word, I know what you're going to say.
Before, I didn't use to read digital books.
Before, I thought this was boring.
Before, I was pretty apathetic. And I still am.
Before, distances were greater because space is measured by time.
Before, he could hardly communicate his ideas, but now he's an excellent speaker.
Before, he used to stop by our place every day.
Before, he would go to the firm on foot.
Before, in my uncle's town, every baby was called a Moor until the moment he received baptism.
Before, it used to snow every day in winter.
Before, only "frog" is written here.
Before, the priests used to say mass in Latin.
Before, there used to be a woman in the village.
Before, there was still a lot of space.
Before, when we still had guilders, everything was much cheaper than now with the euro.
Before, young ones used to ask me to draw them a sheep, now they want me to teach them how to make a commit. Times, they are a-changin'.
Before, young ones used to ask me to draw them a sheep, now they want me to teach them how to make a commit. Times, they are a-changin’.
Befriending a cat requires respecting its boundaries.
Beg me to eat!
Beg me to eat.
Beggars can't be choosers.
Beggars cannot be choosers.
Beggars can’t be choosers.
Begging endlessly for help won't make him come back from the dead.
Begging for help at all costs won't get him back to you.
Begging from unknown entities isn't wise.
Begging is like screaming without a voice.
Begging is prohibited by law.
Begging to her, the afflicted cried: "Living, flying, how do I hurt you? But you do hurt me, squeezing my wings! Oh, let me go! I, too, am a daughter of God!"
Begin CPR.
Begin again.
Begin already.
Begin anywhere.
Begin at my command.
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.
Begin at the beginning, OK?
Begin at the beginning.
Begin by stating your name.
Begin checking.
Begin cleaning.
Begin counting.
Begin decontamination.
Begin evacuating.
Begin every meal with soup.
Begin firing.
Begin from here.
Begin immediately.
Begin it.
Begin knocking on doors. One will open!
Begin maneuvers.
Begin now, please.
Begin now.
Begin on Monday.
Begin phase three.
Begin playback.
Begin playing.
Begin preparations immediately.
Begin reading from the top of the page.
Begin recording now.
Begin recording.
Begin refueling.
Begin repairs.
Begin right now.
Begin roll call.
Begin searching.
Begin stage three.
Begin the assault.
Begin the attack.
Begin the ceremony.
Begin the contest.
Begin the countdown.
Begin the evacuation.
Begin the experiment.
Begin the game.
Begin the interrogation.
Begin the launch countdown.
Begin the match.
Begin the program.
Begin the sale.
Begin the show.
Begin the test.
Begin to change this.
Begin to cultivate a positive mindset.
Begin to eat without me.
Begin to write, leaving one space blank.
Begin today.
Begin walking.
Begin when you want.
Begin whenever you're ready.
Begin where you want.
Begin with an easy-to-understand book.
Begin with books that are easy to understand.
Begin with such books as you can easily understand.
Begin with this place.
Begin work.
Begin working.
Begin writing now.
Begin your preparations.
Begin!
Begin, ma'am.
Begin, please.
Begin, sir.
Begin.
Beginners always have trouble doing this.
Beginners are welcome.
Beginners don't know what they don't know. They only know what they know.
Beginners for eternity, stay on the sidelines.
Beginners should learn spoken English first.
Beginners to social networks often choose screen names that they later regret.
Beginning last year, a small U.S. Army team from Fort Bragg, North Carolina, has been training Gabonese eco-guards on how to improve techniques used to capture poachers and preserve evidence. The team also taught planning skills, land navigation and how to protect human rights.
Beginning next week, we'll be using a new textbook.
Beginning now, we will speak only French.
Beginning with this old, old journey, the spirit of giving crept into the world's heart.
Begone, thot!
Begone, wretched spawn of Hell's unholy bowels!
Begrudgingly, Robert got out of bed and went to check the windows.
Behave as if nothing has happened.
Behave courteously to each other.
Behave decently, as if you're a well-cultured man.
Behave in a more positive manner.
Behave like a grown woman.
Behave like a man.
Behave well at work.
Behave well.
Behave yourself and do just what your teacher tells you.
Behave yourself and listen to your elders.
Behave yourself during my absence.
Behave yourself in company.
Behave yourself like a young man.
Behave yourself while I'm gone.
Behave yourself!
Behave yourself, and you'll get something nice.
Behave yourself, and you’ll get something nice.
Behave yourself, kid!
Behave yourself, or you'll have to leave the room.
Behave yourself, or you’ll have to leave the room.
Behave yourself, will you?
Behave yourself.
Behave yourselves while I'm gone.
Behave yourselves!
Behave yourselves.
Behave!
Behave.
Behaving like a real spoiled child the way he does it takes away all of his natural charm.
Behavior geneticists explore the genetic and environmental roots of human differences.
Behaviour is the highest form of preaching.
Behind Kalman's house, was a large forest.
Behind Ziri was one of his buddies.
Behind all that botox, makeup, and glamorous clothes, is a lonely soul begging for attention.
Behind closed doors, Fadil's true nature is revealed.
Behind closed doors, Yanni and Skura hid dark secrets.
Behind every animal on the Chinese zodiac lies an array of proverbs, sayings and stories.
Behind every great man is a great woman.
Behind every great man stands a strong woman.
Behind every great man there's a great woman.
Behind every minute of concert time there is one hour of hard practice.
Behind her smile lies betrayal.
Behind her, cautiously hidden, stands François.
Behind him on the plain he could hear the eternally young people playing about their little blue lake, flitting like gay shadows through the tamarisks and calling to each other in clear elfin voices while they frolicked after the fluttering swarms of great, bright-hued moths.
Behind his house is a stream so clear that you can see the bottom of it.
Behind it is a café.
Behind one of the doors is a car, while the other two hide goats.
Behind our house there are three beautiful apple trees with little red apples.
Behind our house there's a park.
Behind such a warm voice lies a moving story.
Behind that building is the municipal pool.
Behind that door is a stable.
Behind that green car is a red trailer.
Behind that house was a forest.
Behind the church is a small churchyard in which there are only ten graves, each with a small wooden cross.
Behind the cinema is a park.
Behind the clouds, the sky is always blue.
Behind the dike lies a pond.
Behind the dike there is a pond.
Behind the door, wealth awaited him.
Behind the guise of a tireless worker lies a sophisticated and sensual woman.
Behind the horizon lies my home.
Behind the house is a garden.
Behind the house there is a brick oven for baking bread.
Behind the house there was an old orchard, now overrun with noxious weeds and rough shrubs.
Behind the large desk sat a woman.
Behind the meetinghouse is a row of horse sheds, once commonplace but now rare.
Behind the movie theater, there's a park.
Behind the museum, there is a pretty park.
Behind the next building was a granary.
Behind the palace, unobserved and free, / there stood a door, a secret thoroughfare / through Priam's halls. Here poor Andromache / while Priam's kingdom flourished and was fair, / to greet her husband's parents would repair / alone, or carrying with tendance fain / to Hector's father Hector's son and heir.
Behind the tall building there is a bookstore.
Behind the tongue is the throat.
Behind the wheel, people behave even more idiotically.
Behind the window is a bush.
Behind thermodynamics lie the movements of atoms and molecules following the laws of motion learned in the first volume.
Behind this hill lies a beautiful valley.
Behind you!
Behold I will stand there before thee, upon the rock Horeb, and thou shalt strike the rock, and water shall come out of it that the people may drink. Moses did so before the ancients of Israel.
Behold the Lamb of God, who takes away the sin of the world!
Behold the Man.
Behold the champion!
Behold the days come saith the LORD that the plowman shall overtake the reaper and the treader of grapes him that soweth seed and the mountains shall drop sweet wine and all the hills shall melt.
Behold the evil that besets mankind.
Behold the whole land is before thee: depart from me, I pray thee: if thou wilt go to the left hand, I will take the right: if thou choose the right hand, I will pass to the left.
Behold thou art fair, O my love, behold thou art fair!
Behold thou dost cast me out this day from the face of the earth, and from thy face I shall be hid, and I shall be a vagabond and a fugitive on the earth: every one therefore that findeth me, shall kill me.
Behold!
Behold! The beauty of the seasons.
Behold! This is the disciple of Jesus.
Behold, Boaz came from Bethlehem, and said to the reapers, "May the Lord be with you."
Behold, I hear the voice of my beloved! See how he comes running through the mountains, jumping on the hills!
Behold, I stand nigh the spring of water, and the daughters of the inhabitants of this city will come out to draw water.
Behold, I will bring the waters of a great flood upon the earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life under heaven. All things that are in the earth shall be consumed.
Behold, O monks, this is my last advice to you. All component things in the world are changeable. They are not lasting. Work hard to gain your own salvation.
Behold, Rebecca is before thee, take her and go thy way, and let her be the wife of thy master's son, as the Lord hath spoken.
Behold, a book.
Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity!
Behold, the Lamb of God, who takes away the sins of the world!
Behold, this was the iniquity of your sister Sodom: pride, fullness of bread, and prosperous ease was in her and in her daughters, and she did not strengthen the hand of the poor and needy.
Behold, your eyes, and the eyes of my brother Benjamin, see that it is my mouth that speaketh to you.
Behold.
Beijing has excellent relations with Algiers.
Beijing has started to get colder.
Beijing is China's capital.
Beijing is bigger than Rome.
Beijing is changing so rapidly.
Beijing is changing with astounding speed.
Beijing is changing with great speed.
Beijing is sealing off one of its largest hospitals and the Hong Kong government has quarantined more residents exposed to Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome.
Beijing is the capital of China.
Beijing welcomes you.
Beijing will reunify Taiwan with China.
Beijing-based conservation expert Zhou Jinfeng told the Associated Press the sandstorm was caused by heavy winds from Mongolia and Inner Mongolia blowing the desert’s fine particles into the capital overnight, turning the air a hazy yellow color.
Beijingers speak Mandarin with a roll in the tongue that no Southerner could ever utter.
Being "a mutt" is the most pure and natural state a dog can be in.
Being "master" he felt the weight of honour and the chain of slavery. He preferred lots of privacy.
Being "really busy" does not mean running around and acting like you don't have time for anyone or anything.
Being "really busy" does not mean running around and acting like you don’t have time for anyone or anything.
Being 25 letters long, 'anticonstitutionnellement' is the longest word in French.
Being 25 letters long, ’anticonstitutionnellement’ is the longest word in French.
Being Algerian is not a crime.
Being Berber is not a crime.
Being Christian is not a crime.
Being Colombian is the best.
Being Jewish is not a crime.
Being LGBT theoretically does not imply a political affiliation, but when a party is promising to destroy your life, believe them.
Being Muslim is not a crime.
Being Muslim means being part of a community.
Being Tom's wife isn't easy.
Being a DJ must be really interesting!
Being a YouTuber means hours of work online.
Being a billionaire is immoral.
Being a billionaire is morally wrong.
Being a billionaire is sociopathic.
Being a camgirl is a lot harder than it sounds.
Being a communist is not a crime.
Being a couple is more fun than being all alone.
Being a dad is a huge responsibility.
Being a doctor helped me greatly during the journey.
Being a donor has expanded his perspective on family.
Being a family is much deeper than this.
Being a family is what we're trying to accomplish.
Being a fan means supporting your team – win, lose, or draw.
Being a father can be a burden sometimes.
Being a father is a huge responsibility.
Being a forager was once an essential part of one's life.
Being a foreigner, I couldn't catch on to the joke.
Being a foreigner, I couldn’t catch on to the joke.
Being a foreigner, he knows Hungary better than many Hungarians.
Being a furry isn't the same as having species dysphoria.
Being a girl, Rima couldn't just pee in the park.
Being a girl, Rima couldn't just pee on the street.
Being a girl, Rima couldn't just pee on the woods.
Being a god is difficult.
Being a god is tough.
Being a good actor isn't easy. Being a man is even harder. I want to be both before I'm done.
Being a good conversationalist does not just mean being a good speaker of English.
Being a good friend requires effort and understanding.
Being a good horseman doesn't suffice in order to be a good leader.
Being a good person in this world isn't easy.
Being a good person isn't easy.
Being a good talker takes a lot of reading.
Being a hasty person, he is likely to jump to conclusions.
Being a healthy eater will not stop you gaining weight once you hit middle age, Australian researchers have found.
Being a language, mathematics may be used not only to inform but also, among other things, to seduce.
Being a loner requires inner struggle with yourself.
Being a man means being responsible.
Being a mensch means being responsible.
Being a mom is harder than I thought.
Being a monk is better than being married, in my opinion.
Being a mother is harder than I thought.
Being a mother is more difficult than I thought.
Being a mother is very difficult.
Being a movie star, she was used to a life of glitz and glamour.
Being a mum is harder than I thought.
Being a native doesn't mean that you won't commit mistakes.
Being a native doesn't necessarily mean that one knows and remembers everything about his or her own native language.
Being a native speaker of the world's current lingua franca does have its advantages.
Being a native speaker of the world's current lingua franca has its advantages.
Being a parent is a huge responsibility.
Being a parent is harder than I expected.
Being a parent is harder than I thought.
Being a people pleaser can lead to resentment and a lack of fulfillment.
Being a people pleaser, Melissa often finds it difficult to express her true feelings.
Being a people pleaser, Rodrigo finds it hard to say no to anyone.
Being a people pleaser, Rodrigo struggles to prioritize his own needs and wants.
Being a perfectionist is a blessing, not a burden.
Being a pervert, his delight at staining an example sentence with his sperm for the 100th time will stay with him.
Being a philologist, studying languages was necessary for his work.
Being a police officer is hard work.
Being a policeman isn't any fun.
Being a polite Algerian lady, I explained to the German policeman that I didn't see the stop sign.
Being a polite person brings with it the disadvantage of being unable to make use of the marvellous range of swearwords available to us in our language.
Being a prince is not easy.
Being a prince is not that easy.
Being a prince isn't easy.
Being a prince isn't that easy.
Being a product of the human mind, artificial intelligence may never completely stop making mistakes.
Being a psychoactive agent, a hallucinogen can cause you to dissociate.
Being a reporter is hard work.
Being a rich man does not mean that he is happy.
Being a science student, one naturally thinks quickly, so the student snapped up and replied.
Being a single parent isn't easy.
Being a soldier is my job, where I have authority over bombs.
Being a speaker of the world's current lingua franca does have its advantages.
Being a speaker of the world's current lingua franca has its advantages.
Being a sperm donor has been a fulfilling experience for him.
Being a stickler for the rules, won't gain you points with me.
Being a streamer sounds like an easy job, but it's no mean feat keeping your audience entertained.
Being a teacher is hard work.
Being a teacher is very hard work.
Being a teacher requires a great deal of patience.
Being a teacher, you must learn to keep a tight rein on your emotions.
Being a tomboy and being a trans boy are two entirely different things.
Being a translator is a lot of work.
Being a trucker is not an easy job.
Being a trucker isn't easy.
Being a very particular person he always ties up loose ends whatever he does.
Being a wiry person, he is thin but still looks strong.
Being abandoned hurts.
Being able to apologize is a big virtue.
Being able to do that by myself felt good.
Being able to do that by myself was a beautiful feeling.
Being able to do that by myself was a wonderful feeling.
Being able to learn from your mistakes is an invaluable virtue.
Being able to make oneself understood in English is vastly different from mastering the language perfectly.
Being able to say stop sometimes saves lives.
Being able to share this with you makes me feel less alone.
Being able to smile while in great distress is not duck soup for a passionate individual.
Being able to speak French in Paris is useful.
Being able to speak other languages is essential.
Being able to talk with each other makes us human.
Being able to use a computer is advantageous.
Being able to watch a drama without subtitles made me very glad I studied Japanese.
Being active at night may relate to the behavior of seals, which feed at night on various fish that come up closer to the surface.
Being active does not always depend on age.
Being admitted to the doctorate is going to be a great challenge.
Being afraid is no way to live your life.
Being all alone is less fun than being a couple, you know.
Being all alone is less fun than being a couple.
Being alone at night triggers intense feelings of anxiety within me.
Being alone is above all just a kind of mental plaster cast, in which something heals.
Being alone is nice.
Being alone now and then is no bad thing, she thought.
Being alone sucks.
Being alone was a great feeling.
Being among trees and plants soothes me.
Being an LGBTQ+ member isn't a personality.
Being an actor is the loneliest thing in the world. You are all alone with your concentration and imagination, and that's all you have.
Being an actor wasn't Ziri's dream anymore.
Being an adult is a responsibility.
Being an amateur translator, Tom often makes the mistake of writing translationese.
Being an anglophone is a double-edged sword. On one hand, you speak perfectly the world's most useful language. But on the other, no one wants to speak anything else with you - making foreign language acquisition difficult.
Being an anglophone is a double-edged sword. On one hand, you speak perfectly the world’s most useful language. But on the other, no one wants to speak anything else with you - making foreign language acquisition difficult.
Being an anglophone is a double-edged sword. On the one hand you speak the world's most useful language perfectly, but then no one wants to talk with you in another language, which makes the process of learning foreign languages more difficult.
Being an astronaut was always my first dream.
Being an honest and discreet man, he never sought recognition for his contributions.
Being an idealist means having enthusiasm for other things.
Being an only child, he was the sole heir.
Being an only child, he was the sole inheritor.
Being an orphan, my father had to start earning money at ten.
Being anatomically incapable of human speech, Tom's squirrel usually communicates telepathically.
Being angry, he loudly rattled the locked door.
Being anti-war isn't the same as wanting the people waging it not to face any resistance.
Being anxious to please her, I bought her a nice present.
Being apprehensive lest he might commit more mischief and break my plants, I sprang forward to seize him, but the little rogue skipt lightly from me, sometimes gliding between the rose-trees, and sometimes hiding himself like a young partridge under the poppies.
Being around Tom is wearisome.
Being around her inspires confidence.
Being around him is unbearable for me.
Being ashamed of not speaking a language is a misunderstanding of what a language is.
Being at a loss for a coachman, Cinderella said, "I will go and see if there is not a rat in the rat-trap—we may make a coachman of him." 
"You are right," replied her godmother; "go and look."
Being at least bilingual is a must in today's world.
Being at the beach is wonderful! The kids are playing with a beach ball in the shallow water and I'm lying lazily on a deck chair sipping a cocktail.
Being at the concert hall full of young kids made an old duffer like me feel out of tune.
Being at the office in such weather is a real torture.
Being at the top is a very lonely journey.
Being awake is the opposite of being asleep.
Being aware of what and how much we eat is essential to good health.
Being aware that everyone has a story can help you gain an appreciation for the world around you and outside you.
Being away from her was unbearable torment, while being beside her, hugging her, kissing her, would mean to me reaching the seventh heaven.
Being bald has at least one advantage - you save a lot on shampoo.
Being bald isn't so bad.
Being bald's not so bad.
Being bilingual is the norm.
Being bipolar doesn't make you an antisemite.
Being black is not a crime.
Being blind did not prevent him from obtaining a doctorate in mathematics.
Being bored, the audience began to yawn.
Being born is as natural as being dead.
Being born means a whole world is gifted to us.
Being born of it, you cannot evade its principles.
Being born on January 1st is a clear sign of luck in one's life.
Being born on the first of January brings all kinds of benefits to the one who celebrates their birthday on that particular day.
Being born on the first of January brings many blessings into someone's life.
Being born on the first of January comes with heavy responsabilities.
Being bothered by my opinions doesn't give you the right to be rude to me.
Being called an idiot is much worse than being called dumb.
Being careful about his health, he seldom gets sick.
Being careful and diligent is necessary, but not sufficient for passing this course.
Being catholic doesn't make you better than me.
Being caught in a sudden rain shower, our heroes are obliged to seek shelter.
Being celibate means that you may only do it with other celibates.
Being challenged in life is inevitable, being defeated is optional.
Being chased in a dream symbolizes the tendency to run away from problems rather than face them.
Being cheerful isn't in his nature.
Being close to Europe has been crucial for Algeria's economy.
Being close to you feels magical.
Being confined within doors by the severity of the weather, many of the labourers and shepherds regarded this season as an interval of rest, and immediately after their morning meal they would lie down and sleep.
Being constantly plugged in prevents me from fully immersing myself in the present moment.
Being controlled by your feelings is not the same as being controlled by your emotions.
Being convinced of your own unassailable rationality is like being convinced of the solidity of a mirage.
Being cooped up inside every day is really eroding my sanity, so I'm eagerly awaiting the end of this lockdown.
Being crazy is healthy.
Being criticised for what you do is unavoidable in life.
Being cruel to people for needing to migrate is like being cruel to them for needing to use the restroom.
Being curious, I learned about the sect of the Jehovah's Witnesses with friends, as we spoke in Tagalog and used a Tagalog bible. It was a more positive experience than when I was learning the Baptist sect through English.
Being cursed by a warlock put the adventurers firmly on the back foot; It was going to a lot harder to get the two princes to marry now.
Being cut from the team doesn't mean that you have no talent.
Being cute also has some disadvantages.
Being cute has its disadvantages as well.
Being deeply thankful, he tried to express his thanks.
Being depressed is not just being sad.
Being depressed isn't just being sad.
Being desensitized to violence and trauma isn't something to be proud of.
Being determines consciousness.
Being different isn’t a bad thing.
Being enthusiastic is his best quality.
Being exhausted, she was soon fast asleep.
Being fashionable isn't a priority when it's raining heavily.
Being fat is a serious problem for me.
Being fluent in Berber is a good thing.
Being free means being able to choose whose slave you want to be.
Being free, she went out for a walk.
Being friends means being on the same side.
Being friends with her brother can't hurt.
Being friends with him isn't feasible.
Being from Kabylie is not a crime.
Being from moist cool BC, I appreciate the dry heat in Nevada.
Being full is: completely satisfying the desire to appease your hunger.
Being gay isn't a choice, but if it was, there would be nothing wrong with making it.
Being gay, bi, or trans is perfectly fine, but being a white nationalist isn't.
Being gay, straight, or bisexual isn't a choice. If you think it is, you're probably bisexual.
Being given the captaincy was the greatest honour she'd ever been given.
Being good at basketball, he was recently chosen to be on the national team.
Being guilt-ridden doesn't change anything.
Being handsome also has its downside.
Being happy always reminded her of her loss.
Being happy depends only on you.
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect, but rather that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
Being happy in good fortune is nothing. What is difficult is knowing how to see in misfortune the traces of a new well-being.
Being happy is what matters in my life.
Being happy with the little things is an art that few master.
Being here in Algeria is very freeing.
Being here is dangerous.
Being here is very freeing.
Being himself childless, it was his openly expressed desire that the whole countryside should, within his own lifetime, profit by his good fortune.
Being home is a beautiful thing.
Being homebound has led to unprecedented usage of streaming services, causing concern among EU officials that it could strain internet bandwidth beyond capacity and trigger a crash.
Being honest is difficult.
Being honest is important.
Being honest is tiring.
Being human means being responsible.
Being humble never hurt anybody.
Being hungry, it ain't no crime.
Being ill for a little while does you a lot of good.
Being ill is boring.
Being ill, I stayed at home all day long.
Being immortal is just a fantasy.
Being in a car accident and having been so close to death made me feel more appreciative of life.
Being in a hurry, I forgot the money at home.
Being in a room full of smokers is my pet peeve.
Being in a ship is being in a jail, with the chance of being drowned.
Being in bad spirits can lead to serious illness, while laughing out loud can increase longevity.
Being in front of the computer for six hours makes my eyes tired.
Being in good shape takes effort.
Being in his presence was something unique.
Being in nature brings me calmness.
Being in outer space atrophies your muscles.
Being in the south of England, snow is a rarity for us.
Being indigent is a misfortune, not a crime.
Being injured in an accident, he could not walk.
Being introverted isn't a defect.
Being introverted isn't a flaw.
Being involved in sports is directly linked to better academic performance.
Being isolated is a sad feeling.
Being kicked off the team was a tremendous blow to Tom's ego.
Being kidnapped in Somalia is a horrible thing.
Being kind is a fundamental element of who I am.
Being kind, he is loved by everyone.
Being kissed on the lips makes me happy.
Being knowledgeable about Japanese culture is a good thing.
Being late is always better than not showing up at all.
Being late is impolite.
Being late three times in one week — isn't that unbelievable?
Being late you’d like some company.
Being learned doesn't make you wise.
Being left alone, he sank into meditation.
Being left alone, the boy didn't know what to do.
Being left alone, the boy didn’t know what to do.
Being less urgent, this plan is lower in priority.
Being loved is perhaps the greatest feeling in the world.
Being loved was all that she wanted in life.
Being lucky, he was in time for the train.
Being made to read books kills the tendency to read.
Being manic may bring your antisemitism out of you, but it's still your antisemitism.
Being married is great.
Being married long enough to have a silver wedding anniversary is really admirable.
Being married, we sometimes need to argue in order to learn something about each other.
Being mean is easy. Being nice is... easy, too.
Being mean with others won't get you anywhere.
Being mockingly called a king doesn't make you an actual king.
Being modest and humble - these traits aren't my thing.
Being modest is a good thing.
Being modest is not the same as being reserved.
Being modest never hurt anybody.
Being must be felt. It can't be thought.
Being my Chemistry teacher in high school, Mr. Ramírez suggested that I take Spanish, maybe because I had a Hispanic surname and he taught also a Spanish class. I took Spanish, though, in university. I did try to learn Spanish on my own before then.
Being near the Emperor is like sleeping with a tiger.
Being nice doesn't pay off.
Being objective means not telling everybody whose side you are on.
Being of a diffident nature, he preferred private practice to appearing in the lecture hall.
Being of a highly Americanized old-timer generation of Filipinos, my mother still is not really accustomed to English. When my family first immigrated to North America, she pronounced "raspberry" with an unsilent P. After more than 45 years on the new continent, her accent still sounds foreign.
Being offended by freedom of speech should never be regarded as a justification for violence.
Being often late, he missed the train many times.
Being on time for appointments is very important.
Being on time is a symptom of a boring life.
Being oneself requires a lot of guts.
Being online is not a luxury.
Being only a student, I can't afford to get married.
Being only a student, I can’t afford to get married.
Being open helps us adapt to life’s changes.
Being open to each other's kinks could actually strengthen our connections.
Being opposed to something bad doesn't necessarily make someone good.
Being optimistic could lengthen your life, a new study suggests.
Being out in nature can have a calming effect.
Being out in the fresh air is one of the perks of the job.
Being outside or even having natural elements like natural light, houseplants, and pets in our interior spaces relieves stress and promotes greater general wellness.
Being overgenerous is his biggest fault.
Being overly generous is his greatest fault.
Being overweight is a drawback in this sport.
Being overweight or obese is unhealthy.
Being overweight puts your health at risk.
Being overworked is not a badge of honour.
Being pitched out into life is the best way of learning how to live.
Being polite costs nothing.
Being polyamorous is good, actually.
Being poor is expensive.
Being poor is not shameful.
Being poor, he can't buy it.
Being poor, he can’t buy it.
Being poor, he was unable to buy himself a coat.
Being poor, they had to work hard.
Being popular must be hard.
Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't.
Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren’t.
Being practical has never been my strong suit.
Being quiet here is not allowed.
Being quiet is rarely harmful.
Being really beautiful can be a mixed blessing.
Being really beautiful can be a mixed blessing. On one hand, you look great and may be treated really well by some people. On the other hand, you look great and may be treated badly by other people.
Being rejected by a girl hurts.
Being rejected hurts.
Being rejected is painful.
Being relatable is extremely important to him, he said, because he hopes to go into politics later.
Being responsible for your children does not affect your level of testosterone.
Being responsible is annoying.
Being rich doesn't mean having money, but spending it.
Being rich doesn't mean having money, but spending money.
Being rich is not inherently bad.
Being rich isn't enough.
Being right is not always what is important.
Being right too often is dangerous.
Being romantic doesn't need to be expensive.
Being sarcastic is in my DNA!
Being saved from and surviving a car accident brought back all my senses to reality and made me even gladder to be alive and brought a sense of acute reality about how life can be precious and gave me an enhanced appreciation for life.
Being second is to be the first of the ones who lose.
Being seen in such a state was unbelievably embarrassing.
Being seen off by my whole family I shouldered a rucksack, stocked with my trip supplies.
Being selfish doesn't necessarily mean harming others.
Being sensible isn't the same as being an overthinker.
Being sensitive is a blessing and a curse.
Being short is a disadvantage to a volleyball player.
Being sick in bed, my father can't see you.
Being sick in bed, my father can’t see you.
Being sick is unhealthy.
Being sick is very boring.
Being sick, I had to stay home.
Being silent is regarded in effect as approval.
Being skilled in speaking is being deliberate.
Being skinny is unhealthy.
Being smart is the most important thing in the world.
Being smart isn't having knowledge and talking about it in an overly sophisticated way. Being smart is having knowledge and knowing how to explain it to others.
Being smart isn't understanding everything the first time and not having to study for exams. Being smart is asking questions and making connections, and knowing how to apply that knowledge in the real world.
Being something special seems to be Britain's first priority.
Being spoken to by a foreigner, I did not know what to do.
Being spontaneous brings me luck.
Being straight isn't a personality.
Being stubborn won't help you.
Being stuck feels awful.
Being stuck in traffic can be boring.
Being surrounded by children depletes all of my essential energy levels and makes me feel emotionally drained.
Being tall doesn't make you the best player.
Being thankful is the key to contentment.
Being that the domestic game market is saturated, one can't hope for a big hit.
Being the boss is not easy.
Being the oldest of her siblings, Joanna inherited a family Bible, which contained the names of her father, grandfather and great-grandmother along with their respective dates and places of birth, baptism, marriage and death and the birthdays of all their descendants.
Being the principal's son doesn't give you the authority to break into offices.
Being there changed my life.
Being thirsty is a subtle sign of dehydration.
Being thus attired, she got into the carriage, her godmother commanding her, above all things, not to stay till after midnight, and telling her, at the same time, that if she stayed one moment longer, the coach would be a pumpkin again, her horses mice, her coachman a rat, her footmen lizards, and her clothes would become just as they were before.
Being thus for a season expatriated, he asked me to look after the Institution connected with the Vegetarian Movement, in his place during his absence.
Being tired is not a badge of honor.
Being tired, I felt like doing nothing.
Being tired, I went to bed early.
Being tired, as I was, I went to bed earlier than usual.
Being tired, he went to bed earlier than usual.
Being tired, she went to bed early.
Being together all the time, my Japanese classmates got to know each other very well.
Being told the news, she jumped for joy.
Being told you're allowed to be yourself is the opposite of indoctrination.
Being too busy with work is a problem, but then so is having too much free time.
Being too nervous to reply, he stared at the floor.
Being totally open and honest isn't always the best idea. These kinds of negotiations require some guile.
Being unable to detect sarcasm is a warning sign for frontotemporal dementia.
Being underage is the inability to avail oneself of one's mind without the guidance of another.
Being underweight is higher risk than being overweight.
Being unemployed gave me the chance to stand back and think about my life.
Being unfamiliar with foreign languages, you'll never be able to understand the foreigner's silence.
Being useless is my passion.
Being very clever and gentle, this dog is a good companion to me.
Being very rich, he thought he could do anything.
Being very tired, I fell asleep soon.
Being very tired, I soon fell asleep.
Being very tired, I went to bed early.
Being well aware that he cannot sing like a Nightingale, he flits about from tree to tree, and twitters a little tale.
Being well prepared for the exam is essential.
Being with James is worse than catching a cold.
Being with Robert wouldn't change my life.
Being with Tom has taught me a lot about him.
Being with her grandson always makes her happy.
Being with him always makes me happy.
Being with my family is everything.
Being with you makes me feel happy.
Being with you makes me happy.
Being with you makes my soul sing with joy.
Being with you, I will always be happy.
Being without a homeland means suffering.
Being without the intensity of density is a nonsensity.
Being written in great haste, this letter has quite a few mistakes.
Being wrong in what you are is easiest.
Being wrong isn't the same as being dishonest.
Being young means you have to go to school.
Being young, he can work all day long.
Beirut is Lebanon's capital.
Beirut is the capital of Lebanon.
Beitbridge, on the southern Limpopo River border with South Africa, received some 93 millimetres of rain, the most it has gotten in 46 years, meteorologists said.
Bejaia and Tizi-Ouzou are some of my favorite cities in Algeria.
Bejaia and Tlemcen are two of Algeria's heritage towns.
Bejaia has an authentic Algerian character.
Bejaia has lost some of its former glory.
Bejaia is a city located in Kabylie, Algeria.
Bejaia is a fine city.
Bejaia is a large Algerian city.
Bejaia is a lovely Algerian city.
Bejaia is a lovely city.
Bejaia is a profoundly Algerian city.
Bejaia is a prosperous Algerian city.
Bejaia is a typical Algerian city.
Bejaia is an Algerian city located in the Berber-speaking region of Kabylie.
Bejaia is an Algerian city located in the Kabylie region.
Bejaia is an Algerian city located in the mountainous region of Kabylie.
Bejaia is an Algerian city located in the region of Kabylie.
Bejaia is an Algerian city.
Bejaia is an Algerian province.
Bejaia is an old Algerian town with a lot of history.
Bejaia is in Algeria.
Bejaia is in Kabylie, Algeria.
Bejaia is in the east of Algeria.
Bejaia is located in the Algerian region of Kabylie.
Bejaia is located in the Algerian wilaya of the same name.
Bejaia is one of the largest cities in Algeria.
Bejaia is one of the places you have to go in Algeria before you die.
Bejaia is only a short distance away.
Bejaia is the most beautiful city in Kabylie, Algeria.
Bejaia should become a museum town.
Bejaia sits on the banks of the now polluted Soummam river.
Bejaia was once one of Algeria's most beautiful cities.
Bejaia, Algeria, is a tourist city.
Bejaia, Algeria, is a very safe city.
Bejaia, Algeria, was Ziri's old hometown.
Bejo makes a ginger coffee in a bronze cup.
Bela Lugosi acted in several films.
Bela Lugosi acted in several movies.
Bela Lugosi became famous for his role as count Dracula.
Bela Lugosi is dead.
Bela got a new asymmetrical haircut.
Belaid Ait Ali is the founder of the written Kabyle literature.
Belarus derives export revenue by refining Russian crude and selling it at market prices.
Belarus has been described by former US secretary of state Condoleezza Rice as "the last remaining true dictatorship in the heart of Europe".
Belarus let in thousands of migrants to pressure the EU.
Belarus lets migrants to cross into the EU.
Belarus was once part of Lithuania.
Belarus was once part of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
Belarus, in a move of dubious legality, has just banned citizens from renewing their passports from abroad.
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko congratulated Alexei Dudarev upon his birthday.
Belay that order!
Belay that order.
Belay that!
Belay that.
Belgian chocolates are exported across the world.
Belgian chocolates are exported to all four corners of the world.
Belgian chocolates are one of my indulgences.
Belgian fries are the best in the whole world!
Belgians and tourists stroll through Christmas markets that sell hot, spiced wine and Belgium's famous waffles.
Belgians are a people that paints a pipe, and then writes below the image: "This is not a pipe."
Belgians claim that French fries are not French but Belgian.
Belgians live in Belgium.
Belgium advanced to the semifinals.
Belgium belongs to France.
Belgium defeated Japan in the World Cup.
Belgium eliminated Brazil from the World Cup.
Belgium is France's little sister.
Belgium is called "Belgien" in German.
Belgium is called "Belgique" in French.
Belgium is called "België" in Flemish.
Belgium is not as big as France.
Belgium is not as large as France.
Belgium is the little sister of France.
Belgium was particularly hard hit by the coronavirus.
Belgium's GDP grew by 1.7% in 2017, and the budget deficit was 1.5% of GDP.
Belgrade has about 2 million inhabitants.
Belgrade is Serbia's capital.
Belgrade is the capital of Serbia.
Belief can move mountains.
Belief in God has nothing to do with staying sober.
Belief in God is not evil per se.
Belief in God is not inherently evil.
Belief in miracles is popular.
Belief in victory is the chain mail of strength.
Belief in yourself is the key to success.
Belief is not a matter of choice, but of conviction.
Belief is the death of intelligence.
Belief isn't the same as knowledge.
Beliefs are a product of our imagination.
Beliefs are not liable to verification.
Believe Tom.
Believe anything you want.
Believe her.
Believe him.
Believe in God and believe also in me.
Believe in Tom and he will believe in you.
Believe in justice!
Believe in love!
Believe in love.
Believe in luck!
Believe in science!
Believe in us as the flowers do in rain.
Believe in your dreams, no matter how impossible they seem.
Believe in your guardian angel!
Believe in your own awesomeness.
Believe in your power and duty!
Believe in yourself or no one else will.
Believe in yourself!
Believe in yourself, and you'll succeed.
Believe in yourself.
Believe in yourselves or no one else will.
Believe in yourselves.
Believe it or not!
Believe it or not, I can actually draw.
Believe it or not, I went skydiving.
Believe it or not, I'm not sarcastic this time.
Believe it or not, Prigozhin's death was a complete coincidence. Putin wasn't planning on killing him until Friday.
Believe it or not, Tom is 70 years old.
Believe it or not, a monster emerged from the bush.
Believe it or not, a monster emerged from the cave.
Believe it or not, but this Icelandic throat spray for colds is made from cod skin.
Believe it or not, he fell for her.
Believe it or not, he is 70 years old.
Believe it or not, her job is to go to strangers' funerals and wail.
Believe it or not, it came in pack of gum.
Believe it or not, my favourite part of coding is when I have to debug my program.
Believe it or not, peaches and almonds are family.
Believe it or not, peaches and almonds are in the same family.
Believe it or not, peaches and almonds are related.
Believe it or not, she can't even boil an egg.
Believe it or not, she can't even fry an egg.
Believe it or not, she cannot even cook an egg.
Believe it or not, she has three children.
Believe it or not, that is true.
Believe it or not, that's true.
Believe it or not, there are people who like this stuff.
Believe it or not, they say the aggressor's foreign minister was once a respected diplomat.
Believe it or not, this has happened to me many times before.
Believe it or not, this is the truth.
Believe it or not, this peanut butter is homemade.
Believe it or not, this woman has three children.
Believe it or not, this woman has three kids.
Believe it or not, villains aren't always the most twisted characters.
Believe it or not.
Believe it'll be the best for both of us.
Believe it.
Believe it. It's better like this.
Believe it. It’s better like this.
Believe me once in a while.
Believe me when I say that that's the last thing you should be worried about.
Believe me when I tell you that I don't love you.
Believe me!
Believe me, I can't go on like this anymore.
Believe me, I don't know the answer to this question, but I'm thinking.
Believe me, I don't know where to turn.
Believe me, I don't want to die.
Believe me, I get it.
Believe me, I know more about it!
Believe me, I know what I'm doing.
Believe me, I know what it's like to grow up with only one parent.
Believe me, I never did anything wrong.
Believe me, I want to help you.
Believe me, I wanted to help you.
Believe me, I was just thinking about you as you walked in.
Believe me, I've tried.
Believe me, Tom, it's not possible for you to debase yourself.
Believe me, brother, I don't know that I'm a man; I don't feel like one.
Believe me, children only love the unknown.
Believe me, darling, the stars were made for falling.
Believe me, everything he's told you is a crock.
Believe me, everything he’s told you is a crock.
Believe me, it hasn't been going well for a long time!
Believe me, ma'am!
Believe me, plants will defend themselves.
Believe me, that excuse ain't gonna fly.
Believe me, that excuse ain’t gonna fly.
Believe me, the purpose of that is not understandable.
Believe me, the situation in Morocco is quite dangerous.
Believe me, the stars of your destiny are in your bosom.
Believe me, this is the right way.
Believe me, this situation is unpleasant for me, too.
Believe me, wearing glasses is a major hassle.
Believe me.
Believe me. I'll be a new man.
Believe me. I’ll be a new man.
Believe more in your strength than in your luck.
Believe none of what you hear and half of what you see.
Believe none of what you hear and only half of what you see.
Believe nothing, no matter where you read it or who has said it, not even if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own common sense.
Believe only in yourself.
Believe that I understand your distaste.
Believe that if you want to.
Believe that many precepts are better than much wealth; for wealth quickly fails us, but precepts abide through all time; for wisdom alone of all possessions is imperishable.
Believe them.
Believe those searching for the truth and doubt those who have found it.
Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it.
Believe those who are seeking truth and doubt those who have found it.
Believe those who seek the truth but doubt those who say they've found it.
Believe those who seek truth, beware those who find it.
Believe us.
Believe what you like.
Believe what you want.
Believe what you will.
Believe what you wish.
Believe whatever you wish.
Believe you me.
Believe! Or die sinner!
Believe.
Believers don't buy it with money.
Believing everything is weakness, and believing nothing is foolishness.
Believing in God is not evil in itself.
Believing in lucky charms makes Jayjay happy.
Believing in psychoanalysis in 2022 is deeply unserious.
Believing in this isn't difficult, it's impossible.
Believing in your heart is more important than understanding with your mind.
Believing in yourself is the secret to success.
Believing isn't the same as knowing.
Believing it to be an easy language, I wrote a lot of sentences in Toki Pona, in which many errors were later found, which are still being corrected by a competent and attentive teacher.
Believing nectarines to be a crossbreed of plums and peaches is a widespread misconception.
Believing no one is as bad as believing everyone.
Believing that Zionism is the glue that would allow Jews to live in harmony together is a myth.
Believing that a Norwegian diplomat had been hostile to Russia, the KGB acted to compromise him. Despite having a Russian girlfriend, he had to immediately leave the country.
Belinda tried strict diets, grueling exercise routines, and some sort of esoteric New Age detox, all amounting to nothing--she had curves, and that was that.
Belize faces continued pressure from rising sovereign debt and a growing trade imbalance.
Belize's dependence on energy imports makes it susceptible to energy price shocks.
Belizeans also emigrate to Canada, Mexico, and English-speaking Caribbean countries.
Bell heathers want acidic soil.
Bell heathers want sour soil.
Bell invented the telephone in 1876.
Bell invented the telephone.
Bell lived in London, right?
Bell peppers generally have a sweet taste.
Bell used to live in London, didn't he?
Bell used to live in London, didn’t he?
Belladonna is sold as a dietary supplement, one that I cannot imagine ever taking.
Belle brightened the day of everyone that knew her with her cheerful perspective on life, a reflection of her faith.
Bello somehow sensed that he was being taken to the vet's.
Bello somehow sensed that he was going to the vet's.
Bello suddenly broke free from his lead, ran towards the river and jumped in. The reason the dog behaved in this surprising way, we only now realise, was so that he could rescue a drowning fawn which he fished out on to the riverbank.
Bells rang in the new year.
Bells were ringing in the new year.
Bells will ring in memoriam of those who have died.
Belma lives in Russia.
Belmadi has assembled the most successful team of soccer players Algeria has ever had.
Belmopan is the capital of Belize.
Belonging to a parent-teacher organization can take a lot of time.
Beloved, don’t imitate that which is evil, but that which is good.
Beloved, unexpected, and undefeated, his voice sounded like a toad that had swallowed a tractor.
Below 3,300 feet to a depth of about 13,100 feet, water temperature remains constant.
Below are several possibilities.
Below is a list of past administrators.
Below is a list of schools in Boston.
Below the behemoth of the grey building that is the headquarters of the South African Broadcasting Corporation is a home that’s stuck in a time warp.
Below the garden, a green field lush with clover sloped down to the hollow where the brook ran and where scores of white birches grew.
Below the starry sky, Tom and Mary forgot about time, recounting their dreams to each other.
Below was a little valley and beyond a long, gently-rising slope with snug farmsteads scattered along it.
Below, you can read the instructions you will be given during the final exam.
Below-freezing temperatures combined with compacting snow has meant traffic chaos for drivers in Germany, Poland and elsewhere.
Belsnickel is a scary German Santa Claus.
Belt her.
Belynda is my little sister.
Ben Affleck explores themes of crime and redemption in his second film as director.
Ben Bella was overthrown in 1965.
Ben acted out the scene of the waitress spilling soup in his lap.
Ben also has something to do with the matter.
Ben and Bart are brothers.
Ben and I don't get along. We have nothing in common.
Ben and I don’t get along. We have nothing in common.
Ben committed his diary to the lawyer's care.
Ben committed his diary to the lawyer’s care.
Ben decided to tell the lawyer everything he knew.
Ben is behind them, but he'll soon catch up with them.
Ben is behind them, but he’ll soon catch up with them.
Ben is not as young as he looks.
Ben learned to make a fire without matches.
Ben loves his sister.
Ben loves your sister.
Ben put his hands in his pockets.
Ben ran a 100-meter race with Carl.
Ben ran a mile.
Ben represents the engine of the story.
Ben said he felt indifferent about it.
Ben sauntered into the room whistling a chirpy tune.
Ben spread a rumor about me out of malice.
Ben walks up the stairs.
Ben was a robustly tall man in his early thirties, with a huge, half-bald head, and dark-brown hair inclined to be frizzly.
Ben was at a loss for what to say next.
Ben was believed to be a criminal.
Ben was stuccoing the outside of the house.
Ben's not as young as he looks.
Ben, if anything, is a sensible man.
Ben, if anything, was a sensible man.
Benaï Ouali, Amar Ould-Hamouda and Mbarek Aït Menguellet died for Kabylie.
Bend at the waist.
Bend at your knees.
Bend back.
Bend closer.
Bend down a little.
Bend down low.
Bend down.
Bend down. The ceiling is very low.
Bend forward.
Bend here.
Bend it.
Bend over backwards for him and he still complain.
Bend over.
Bend the string.
Bend the world to your will.
Bend this.
Bend your elbow.
Bend your elbows at 90 degrees.
Bend your elbows at right angles.
Bend your fingers.
Bend your head forward.
Bend your knee.
Bend your knees and look in front of you.
Bend your knees.
Bend your left arm.
Bend your right leg.
Bender often utters the phrase "Kill all humans", even if he always silently adds "except one" referring to Fry.
Bender!
Bending the cable too tightly can also adversely affect signal quality.
Beneath a precipice, that fronts the wave, / with limpid springs inside, and many a seat / of living marble, lies a sheltered cave, / home of the Sea-Nymphs. In this haven sweet / cable nor biting anchor moors the fleet.
Beneath her mist of yellow hair her dark-grey eyes looked out pathetically, with the sort of pathos that means nothing in particular—the grace of an indefinite sorrow.
Beneath my exterior lies a wealth of talents, skills, and unique qualities.
Beneath that tree’s great shadow on the plain a fountain bubbled up, whose lymph serene nothing of earthly mixture might distain: fountain so pure not anywhere was seen in all the world, nor on whose marge the earth put flowers of such unfading beauty forth.
Beneath the gray hair, a famous stud still lies.
Beneath the icy crust of Europa, one of Jupiter's moons, lies a liquid ocean that may have more water than Earth contains.
Benedict is Jacob's husband.
Benedict is James's husband.
Benedito added water to the soup to make it less thick.
Benedito admired his billy goat's horns, which spiraled gracefully upward.
Benedito admired the buck's impressive horns.
Benedito admired the plant's intricate leaves.
Benedito and Melissa are going on a double date.
Benedito and Melissa had a romantic date night.
Benedito and Melissa went on a date to a botanical garden.
Benedito and Melissa went on a date to a drive-in movie theater.
Benedito and Melissa went on a date to a fancy ballroom dance.
Benedito and Melissa went on a date to a high-end restaurant.
Benedito and Melissa went on a date to a hot air balloon ride.
Benedito and Melissa went on a date to a jazz club.
Benedito and Melissa went on a date to a local art gallery.
Benedito and Melissa went on a date to a rooftop bar.
Benedito and Melissa went on a date to a wine and paint night.
Benedito and Melissa went on a date to a winery tour.
Benedito and Melissa went on a romantic date to the beach.
Benedito and Melissa's fifth date was at a theme park.
Benedito and Melissa's first date was at a coffee shop.
Benedito and Melissa's fourth date was at a winery.
Benedito and Melissa's second date was at a museum.
Benedito and Melissa's sixth date was a picnic in the park.
Benedito and Melissa's third date was at a comedy club.
Benedito and his date went on a bike ride.
Benedito and his date went on a boat ride.
Benedito and his date went on a hike.
Benedito and his date went on a picnic in the park.
Benedito and his date went on a sunset boat ride.
Benedito and his date went stargazing.
Benedito and his date went to a bookstore to browse together.
Benedito and his date went to a comedy club.
Benedito and his date went to a concert.
Benedito and his date went to a fancy restaurant.
Benedito and his date went to a karaoke bar.
Benedito and his date went to a live theater performance.
Benedito and his date went to a local farmer's market.
Benedito and his date went to a pottery class.
Benedito and his date went to a salsa dancing class.
Benedito and his date went to an amusement park.
Benedito and his date went to an escape room.
Benedito and his family had a picnic under the tree.
Benedito and his family will ride the horse-drawn carriage.
Benedito and his father made a tree swing together.
Benedito and his friends built a treehouse.
Benedito and his friends made rope swings from the tree's branches.
Benedito and his friends will ride the bumper cars.
Benedito and his friends will ride the carousel.
Benedito and his friends will ride the giant swing.
Benedito and his friends will ride the haunted house.
Benedito and his friends will ride the log flume.
Benedito and his girlfriend have been dating long distance.
Benedito and his girlfriend will ride the paddle boats.
Benedito and his girlfriend will ride the tandem bike.
Benedito and his siblings played hide-and-seek around the tree.
Benedito and his sister will ride the Ferris wheel at night.
Benedito appreciates the beauty of his baby goats' soft fur.
Benedito appreciates the hard work that goes into raising goats.
Benedito asked Melissa out on a date.
Benedito asked Melissa's father for permission to date her.
Benedito believes that his baby goats are a gift from God.
Benedito believes that his goats are a vital part of his community's economy.
Benedito bottled the water from the mountain stream.
Benedito bought a new plant pot.
Benedito brought the kids inside during bad weather to keep them dry and warm.
Benedito brought water to the construction site.
Benedito brushed his billy goat's shaggy fur until it shone in the sun.
Benedito built a fence to keep his goats from wandering too far.
Benedito called Rima to the situation room.
Benedito called out to his billy goat when it strayed too far from the path, its bleating echoing across the valley.
Benedito called out to his billy goat when it wandered too far away.
Benedito can't wait to ride the new roller coaster.
Benedito carefully examined the kid's hooves for any signs of injury.
Benedito carefully picked up the kid and put it back in the pen with its siblings.
Benedito carefully removed a thorn from the kid's hoof and bandaged it up.
Benedito carefully trimmed the goat's hooves to keep them healthy.
Benedito carried a jug of water to the picnic.
Benedito carried a sick goat back to his village for treatment.
Benedito carried a young goat that couldn't keep up with the others.
Benedito carried the kid in a basket on his back as he hiked through the mountains.
Benedito carried the kid in a sling.
Benedito carried the kid in his arms when it was too weak to walk on its own.
Benedito carried the kid on his shoulder as he walked back to the village.
Benedito carried the kid on his shoulders as he walked through the rugged terrain.
Benedito carried the kid on his shoulders as they crossed a rocky stream.
Benedito carried the newborn goat back to its mother.
Benedito carved his initials into the tree trunk.
Benedito caught fish from the water.
Benedito chased away a stray dog that was harassing his goats.
Benedito chased the buck away from his goats.
Benedito chatted with fans while waiting in the queue.
Benedito checked his goats' hooves for signs of infection.
Benedito checked the kid's ears and eyes for any signs of infection.
Benedito checked the kid's temperature to make sure it wasn't sick.
Benedito checks on his baby goats several times a day.
Benedito cleaned the fish with water and vinegar.
Benedito cleansed his face with water before bed.
Benedito climbed the tree to escape a stray dog.
Benedito climbed the tree to pick some fruit.
Benedito coaxed his billy goat into following him up a steep path.
Benedito collected fallen leaves from the tree.
Benedito comforted the goat when it was scared or lonely.
Benedito comforts his baby goats when they are scared.
Benedito contemplated ways to protect his herd from the wolves.
Benedito cooled down the hot pavement with water.
Benedito cooled down with water on the hot day.
Benedito counted his goats to make sure none were missing.
Benedito counted his herd daily.
Benedito cradled the kid in his arms and sang a lullaby to soothe it.
Benedito crossed the bridge over the water.
Benedito crossed the water on the ferry.
Benedito danced with fans waiting in the queue.
Benedito decided to build a stronger fence to keep the stray dogs out.
Benedito decided to follow the buck to see where it went.
Benedito decided to keep a closer eye on the buck.
Benedito decided to keep a journal to document the buck's behavior and habits.
Benedito decided to try to gain the buck's trust by leaving out food for it.
Benedito didn't mind waiting in the queue with his fans.
Benedito didn't text back right away.
Benedito didn't want to queue for too long.
Benedito doesn’t know who attacked him.
Benedito drank water from the fountain.
Benedito drank water from the glass.
Benedito drank water to quench his thirst.
Benedito drank water to stay hydrated.
Benedito dreamed of building a treehouse community.
Benedito enjoyed his trip to India.
Benedito enjoyed the sound of rustling leaves on the tree.
Benedito enjoys experimenting with different types of feed for his goats.
Benedito enjoys playing with his baby goats.
Benedito enjoys riding his scooter to work.
Benedito enjoys riding the subway.
Benedito enjoys seeing his baby goats interact with each other.
Benedito enjoys sharing his knowledge of baby goat care with herders.
Benedito enjoys sharing stories about his goats with other herders.
Benedito enjoys taking his goats for walks through the countryside.
Benedito enjoys teaching his goats new tricks.
Benedito enjoys the challenge of raising baby goats.
Benedito enjoys the company of his goats.
Benedito failed to defend himself.
Benedito fed his billy goat some dried grass he had collected earlier.
Benedito feels a deep sense of satisfaction when his goats are healthy and happy.
Benedito feels a sense of accomplishment when his goats learn new skills.
Benedito feels a sense of calm when he is surrounded by his goats.
Benedito feels a sense of responsibility towards his goats.
Benedito feels fulfilled knowing that he is providing for his family through his goats.
Benedito felt a pang of sadness as his billy goat grew old and slow, no longer able to keep up with him on the steep mountain trails.
Benedito felt a pang of worry when his billy goat failed to return at nightfall.
Benedito felt a sense of pride as he watched his goats grow stronger.
Benedito felt a sense of pride as his billy goat won first prize in a local herding competition.
Benedito felt a sense of responsibility for his goats, knowing that their health and well-being were in his hands.
Benedito felt a sense of satisfaction as his German Shepherd helped him to round up a group of straying goats.
Benedito felt a sense of satisfaction knowing that he was making progress.
Benedito felt a surge of affection for his billy goat as it nuzzled against his hand.
Benedito felt a twinge of jealousy as he watched his neighbor's billy goat grazing contentedly on a nearby hill.
Benedito felt grateful for the tree's presence.
Benedito felt peaceful when he sat under the tree.
Benedito felt protected by the tree's presence.
Benedito felt proud of his goats' shiny coats.
Benedito felt relieved after drinking water.
Benedito fertilized the plant.
Benedito filled the bathtub with warm water.
Benedito filled the bucket with water.
Benedito filled the pool with crystal clear water.
Benedito filled the vase with water and flowers.
Benedito filled the water bottle before the hike.
Benedito filled the water tank of his car.
Benedito filtered the water before drinking.
Benedito fled to Israel to avoid persecution.
Benedito fought a man in the queue.
Benedito fought a woman and beat her.
Benedito found a patch of shade for his goats to rest in.
Benedito found it hard to believe Rima.
Benedito frowned as his billy goat ate a poisonous plant.
Benedito frowned as his billy goat nibbled at his shirt sleeve.
Benedito gathered his goats and started to head back to the village.
Benedito gave compliments to fans waiting in the queue.
Benedito gave his billy goat a pat on the head before heading back to his village.
Benedito gave his goats a break from grazing by taking them for a walk.
Benedito gave his goats a salt lick to supplement their diet.
Benedito gave his goats some hay to nibble on.
Benedito gave his kids names based on their personalities or appearances.
Benedito gave his neighbor a plant.
Benedito gave out high fives to fans in the queue.
Benedito gave the Melissa a massage to relieve her sore muscles.
Benedito gave the kid a gentle pat on the head and sent it back to its mother.
Benedito gave the kid a pat on the head and a goodbye as it was sold to a new owner.
Benedito gave the kid a playful nudge with his foot as it tried to nibble on his shoelaces.
Benedito gave the kid a playful nudge with his nose as it nibbled on his beard.
Benedito gave the kid a playful tug on its ear as it tried to nibble on his hat.
Benedito gently lifted the kid from the ground and placed it in his lap.
Benedito gently nudged the kid towards its mother when it got separated from the herd.
Benedito gently nudged the kid towards its mother, who was calling for it.
Benedito gently placed the kid on the ground and watched as it stood up for the first time.
Benedito gently pushed the kid towards the herd when it tried to follow him back to the village.
Benedito gently rubbed the kid's back as it drank from its mother.
Benedito gently rubbed the kid's belly.
Benedito gently separated the kid from its mother so he could tend to it.
Benedito gently stroked the kid's fur as it lay in his lap.
Benedito gently wiped the kid's nose with a cloth when it had a cold.
Benedito gives his baby goats a warm shelter at night.
Benedito gives his baby goats fresh water to drink.
Benedito got thrown out of the van.
Benedito greeted fans waiting in the queue.
Benedito guided the kid back to the herd when it strayed too far.
Benedito guided the kids back to the herd.
Benedito harvested vegetables from his plants.
Benedito has a collection of traditional Portuguese songs that he sings to his baby goats.
Benedito has a deep respect for the natural world.
Benedito has a deep understanding of his goats' behavior.
Benedito has a gentle touch when handling his baby goats.
Benedito has a keen eye for spotting potential health issues in his baby goats.
Benedito has a natural ability to calm his goats down.
Benedito has a sense of pride when his beautiful goats are sold at market.
Benedito has a special bond with his baby goats.
Benedito has a special place in his heart for the runt of the litter.
Benedito has a strong connection to the land where his goats graze.
Benedito has a strong sense of duty towards his goats.
Benedito has a strong work ethic when it comes to caring for his baby goats.
Benedito has a unique connection with his goats that can't be explained in words.
Benedito has been dating Melissa for three years.
Benedito has formed a close bond with his goats over the years.
Benedito has male reproductive organs and male gametes.
Benedito has taught his children how to care for baby goats.
Benedito heard a goat bleating and went to investigate.
Benedito heard stories of other herders who had successfully tamed wild bucks.
Benedito heard the buck bleat loudly and wondered if it was in distress.
Benedito heard the sound of waterfalls.
Benedito held the kid close to him as they braved a storm.
Benedito herded his goats across a river, being careful not to let them get swept away.
Benedito hiked up a steep mountain trail with his billy goat trailing behind.
Benedito hired a new masseuse for the spa.
Benedito hit Rima in the face.
Benedito hopes to pass down his knowledge of raising baby goats to his children.
Benedito hugged fans waiting in the queue.
Benedito hugged the tree, feeling its energy.
Benedito irrigated the crops with water.
Benedito irrigated the field with water from the well.
Benedito is a cheater and woman beater.
Benedito is a respected member of his community because of his expertise in raising goats.
Benedito is a scientist at a prestigious research institution.
Benedito is a skilled herder who knows how to manage his goats.
Benedito is always looking for new ways to improve his goats' quality of life.
Benedito is always on the lookout for ways to improve the lives of his goats.
Benedito is gentle with his baby goats.
Benedito is going to ride a camel in Algeria.
Benedito is going to ride a gondola in Venice.
Benedito is going to ride a horse in the mountains.
Benedito is grateful for the goats that provide for his family.
Benedito is hoping his date will go well.
Benedito is looking for dating advice.
Benedito is male from head to toe.
Benedito is nervous about asking Melissa on another date.
Benedito is nervous about his upcoming date.
Benedito is opening a new restaurant downtown.
Benedito is passionate about raising healthy baby goats.
Benedito is patient when teaching his goat new skills.
Benedito is proud of his healthy baby goats.
Benedito is proud of the fact that his goats are strong and resilient.
Benedito is skilled in the art of milking goats.
Benedito is skilled in the art of shearing goats.
Benedito is studying botany.
Benedito is trying to come up with a creative date idea.
Benedito is trying to decide where to take his date.
Benedito is trying to find a unique date idea.
Benedito is worried about his date's expectations.
Benedito is worried about running out of conversation on his date.
Benedito joined the back of the queue.
Benedito joined the meeting.
Benedito joked with fans waiting in the queue.
Benedito keeps his baby goats clean and well-groomed.
Benedito kept a watchful eye on the kids as they played near a cliff.
Benedito kept the kids close to him as they crossed a dangerous bridge.
Benedito kept the kids close to him as they crossed a river.
Benedito kept the kids close to him during a sandstorm to protect them from flying debris.
Benedito kissed one of his female fans in the queue.
Benedito knew each of his goats by name and could identify them by their markings.
Benedito knew each of his kids by name and could recognize them at a glance.
Benedito knew his herd well.
Benedito knew that he needed to be vigilant and protect his herd from predators.
Benedito knew that he needed to find a way to keep the buck away from his goats.
Benedito knew that the wolves were a threat to his livelihood.
Benedito knew the buck could cause problems for his herd.
Benedito knows about the attack.
Benedito knows each of the baby goats by name.
Benedito knows how to handle baby goats with care.
Benedito knows how to handle goats with different temperaments.
Benedito knows how to protect his goats from harsh weather conditions.
Benedito knows how to tell when his goats are feeling sick or unwell.
Benedito knows how to train his baby goats to obey commands.
Benedito knows how to use natural remedies to treat his baby goats when they're sick.
Benedito knows the importance of providing his goats with a safe environment.
Benedito knows the importance of providing his goats with plenty of fresh water.
Benedito laughed as his billy goat frolicked in a patch of wildflowers.
Benedito laughed as his billy goat playfully butted its head against his leg.
Benedito laughed as his billy goat tried to headbutt a ram.
Benedito laughed as the kids frolicked around him, enjoying their freedom.
Benedito lay on the grass under the tree and watched the clouds.
Benedito learned to climb trees from his father.
Benedito learned to ride a horse in Algeria.
Benedito learned to ride a motorcycle.
Benedito led his billy goat up the rocky path to graze on the highland grass.
Benedito led his goats to the nearby pasture.
Benedito led his herd to a new grazing area.
Benedito led his herd to graze.
Benedito let his goats graze freely in a meadow.
Benedito lifted the kid onto his lap and gave it a bottle of milk.
Benedito likes to add croutons to his salad.
Benedito likes to ride his electric skateboard to work.
Benedito likes to ride his longboard downhill.
Benedito likes to ride his scooter around the neighborhood.
Benedito listened to the soft bleating of his billy goat as it wandered off to explore.
Benedito lost a few goats from his herd.
Benedito loved his herd.
Benedito loved the smell of the tree's flowers.
Benedito loved watching his baby goats play.
Benedito loves taking care of baby goats.
Benedito loves the sound of his baby goats bleating in the morning.
Benedito loves the way his baby goats nuzzle against his hand.
Benedito loves to ride his BMX bike.
Benedito loves to ride his dirt bike in the woods.
Benedito loves to ride his longboard.
Benedito loves to ride his motorcycle on the open road.
Benedito loves to ride his skateboard at the skatepark.
Benedito loves to ride his snowboard down the mountain.
Benedito loves to ride roller coasters.
Benedito loves to watch his baby goats play and explore their surroundings.
Benedito made a delicious salad for lunch.
Benedito made a fire and cooked a meal for himself and his German Shepherd.
Benedito made a makeshift shelter for his goats during a rainstorm.
Benedito made a small enclosure for his goats to sleep in at night.
Benedito made fun of everyone before he left.
Benedito made small talk with fans waiting in the queue.
Benedito made sure the goats were well-rested and had plenty of water to drink.
Benedito made sure the kid was properly vaccinated to prevent disease.
Benedito made sure the kids had access to fresh water at all times.
Benedito made sure the kids had plenty of space to run and play without getting injured.
Benedito made sure the kids had plenty of space to run and play.
Benedito made sure the kids were free from parasites and treated them if necessary.
Benedito made sure the kids were protected from the scorching sun during the day.
Benedito made sure the kids were well-fed and healthy before selling them.
Benedito made sure the kids were well-fed.
Benedito made sure the kids were well-hydrated and had access to salt licks.
Benedito marveled at his billy goat's agility as it leaped from rock to rock.
Benedito marveled at the buck's agility and strength.
Benedito met his girlfriend on a dating app.
Benedito milked his herd in the morning.
Benedito moved his herd to a new location.
Benedito named each animal in his herd.
Benedito needed water to make soup.
Benedito needs a ride to the airport.
Benedito never leaves his baby goats alone for too long.
Benedito noticed a goat eating a plant that he knew was poisonous and stopped it.
Benedito noticed one of his goats limping and inspected its leg.
Benedito noticed that the buck was less aggressive when there were other goats around.
Benedito noticed that the buck was more active during certain times of the day.
Benedito noticed the fish in the clear water.
Benedito nudged his billy goat gently to get it moving again.
Benedito nudged his billy goat toward a patch of lush grass that he knew would be perfect for grazing.
Benedito offered his guest a glass of water.
Benedito offers massages at the spa.
Benedito owned a large herd.
Benedito owns a luxurious spa.
Benedito patiently waited as the kid learned to nurse from its mother.
Benedito patted his billy goat's head affectionately before setting off again.
Benedito picked up a baby goat and cuddled it in his arms.
Benedito picked up his billy goat and carried it across a shallow stream.
Benedito picked up the kid and held it close to his chest.
Benedito planted a new tree in his garden.
Benedito planted a seed and waited.
Benedito planted a tree in memory of his late mother.
Benedito played with the kids, making them laugh with his silly antics.
Benedito posed for photos with fans in the queue.
Benedito poured water into the teapot.
Benedito poured water on the fire to extinguish it.
Benedito poured water on the plants to revive them.
Benedito prayed for rain for his herd.
Benedito prefers to use fresh greens in his salad.
Benedito protected his goats from robbers who tried to steal them.
Benedito protected his herd from predators.
Benedito protected the kids from predators and other dangers.
Benedito protects his baby goats from predators.
Benedito punched his wife in the elevator.
Benedito put a leash on one of his goats to prevent it from wandering off.
Benedito put out the fire with water.
Benedito raised an eyebrow as his billy goat sniffed curiously at a clump of rocks.
Benedito raises baby goats to sell at the market.
Benedito realized that the buck was likely looking for food.
Benedito realized that the buck was not just a protector, but also a companion.
Benedito recently renovated the spa.
Benedito recorded the episode.
Benedito remained behind in Algiers for five days.
Benedito rides his bike every weekend.
Benedito rides his bike for exercise.
Benedito rides his bike to clear his mind.
Benedito rides his bike to enjoy the scenery.
Benedito rides his bike to explore new places.
Benedito rides his bike to get some fresh air.
Benedito rides his bike to save money on gas.
Benedito rides his bike to stay in shape.
Benedito rides his bike to the grocery store.
Benedito rinsed his mouth with water after brushing his teeth.
Benedito rubbed his goats' ears to show them affection.
Benedito rubbed his tired eyes and leaned against a tree, his billy goat by his side.
Benedito sacrificed some goats of his herd for a festival.
Benedito said he was going souvenir shopping.
Benedito sailed on the calm water of the lake.
Benedito sang a song to his goats as they walked alongside him.
Benedito sang a traditional Portuguese songs as he walked alongside his billy goat.
Benedito sang to fans waiting in the queue.
Benedito sang to his herd while herding.
Benedito sat down in the shade of a tree with his billy goat beside him.
Benedito sat on the tree's roots and meditated.
Benedito sat under a tree and watched his goats play.
Benedito sat under the tree to read a book.
Benedito sat with his goats as the sun set behind the mountains.
Benedito saw Adriano's buck grazing near his herd.
Benedito saw a rainbow over the water.
Benedito saw a wolf in the distance and quickly brought his goats to safety.
Benedito saw the buck attack a snake that was threatening his goats.
Benedito saw the buck jump over a fence and escape.
Benedito saw the buck jump over a large rock and land gracefully on the other side.
Benedito saw the buck nuzzle one of his goats affectionately.
Benedito saw the buck run towards a group of wolves and scare them away.
Benedito scolded his German Shepherd for wandering too far from the flock of sheep he was supposed to be guarding.
Benedito scolded his billy goat for chewing on a leather strap that he needed for his work.
Benedito scolded his billy goat for eating the last of the salt he had brought from the market.
Benedito scolded his billy goat for nibbling on a neighbor's vegetable patch.
Benedito scratched behind his billy goat's ears, eliciting a contented bleat from the animal.
Benedito scratched his head in frustration as his billy goat refused to follow his commands, its independent spirit too strong to be tamed.
Benedito screamed for his mother.
Benedito searched for his billy goat in the moonlight until he found it nibbling on a patch of clover.
Benedito searched for his lost herd.
Benedito separated the male goats from the females.
Benedito shared his herd with his neighbors.
Benedito shared the milk from his herd with the community.
Benedito sheared his herd's wool.
Benedito shooed his billy goat away from a field of crops and back onto the path.
Benedito shook hands with every fan waiting in the queue.
Benedito shook his head as his billy goat ate a discarded piece of cloth.
Benedito shook his head as his billy goat stubbornly refused to go any further, its hooves planted firmly on the ground.
Benedito shook his head as his billy goat stubbornly refused to move.
Benedito shook his head in amazement as his billy goat navigated a treacherous path that he himself would never have dared to attempt.
Benedito shook his head in disbelief as his billy goat scaled a rocky outcropping with ease.
Benedito showed Rima the footage of the incident.
Benedito showed the goats how to avoid poisonous plants and shrubs.
Benedito showed the goats how to find shelter during a storm.
Benedito showed the goats where to find water and grass to eat.
Benedito showed the kids how to cross a river safely without getting swept away by the current.
Benedito shows his baby goats off to visitors.
Benedito sighed as his billy goat lay down in the shade and refused to move.
Benedito signed autographs for everyone in the queue.
Benedito signed merchandise for fans waiting in the queue.
Benedito smiled as he saw his goats nuzzling each other affectionately.
Benedito smiled as his billy goat curled up beside him, its warmth a welcome comfort in the cool mountain air.
Benedito smiled as his billy goat gamboled in a field of wildflowers.
Benedito smiled as his billy goat greeted him with a happy bleat after he returned from a long day of herding.
Benedito smiled as his billy goat rubbed its head affectionately against his leg.
Benedito smiled as the kid licked his fingers with its tiny tongue.
Benedito smiled as the kid nuzzled against his hand.
Benedito smiled at everyone waiting in the queue.
Benedito soaked in the hot springs' water.
Benedito sold some of his herd.
Benedito spends his days watching over his baby goats.
Benedito splashed water on his face.
Benedito sprinkled water on the garden to nurture the plants.
Benedito started feeding his baby goats fresh grass and hay.
Benedito stood in the queue for hours.
Benedito stopped to take a drink from a stream, his billy goat lapping up the water beside him.
Benedito stored the water in the refrigerator to chill it.
Benedito stored water in the barrel for emergencies.
Benedito stroked his billy goat's back, marveling at the animal's strength and resilience.
Benedito stroked his billy goat's fur, which was soft and warm to the touch.
Benedito swam across the river's shallow water.
Benedito swam in the ocean's cool water.
Benedito swam in the water for hours.
Benedito takes his baby goats to the vet when needed.
Benedito takes his goats to new pastures to explore.
Benedito takes pride in the fact that his goats are friendly and sociable.
Benedito takes pride in the fact that his goats are well-behaved.
Benedito takes pride in the fact that his goats are well-fed and well-cared-for.
Benedito takes pride in the health and well-being of his goats.
Benedito takes time to bond with each of his baby goats individually.
Benedito takes time to observe his baby goats' behavior and learn from it.
Benedito talked about his problems.
Benedito talks to his baby goats as if they were his children.
Benedito taught his goats to jump over small obstacles.
Benedito taught his sons to herd.
Benedito taught the kids to be wary of snakes and other dangerous animals.
Benedito taught the kids to follow him as he led them to new grazing grounds.
Benedito taught the kids to recognize his voice and respond to his commands.
Benedito tended his herd with care.
Benedito thanked everyone waiting in the queue.
Benedito thought the woman was following him.
Benedito tied a bell around the neck of one of his goats so he could locate it easily.
Benedito tied his billy goat to a tree while he went to fetch water.
Benedito took Rima to his mansion.
Benedito took a bath in the warm water.
Benedito took a boat on the water.
Benedito took a deep breath of the cool mountain air.
Benedito took a deep breath of the fresh mountain air.
Benedito took a drink from his water bottle and offered some to his goat.
Benedito took a long drink of water from the canteen.
Benedito took a sip of ice-cold water.
Benedito took extra care of the weaker kids to ensure their survival.
Benedito took his goats to a nearby market to sell them.
Benedito took his goats to graze.
Benedito took pride in his healthy and well-cared for kids.
Benedito took selfies with fans in the queue.
Benedito took time to speak with everyone waiting in the queue.
Benedito tossed the salad with a light vinaigrette.
Benedito totally trusted his well-trained herd dogs.
Benedito traded a few goats from his herd for a new plow.
Benedito trained his goats to follow his commands.
Benedito trained his herd dogs from a young age.
Benedito trains his baby goats to follow him.
Benedito transplanted the plant.
Benedito treats his baby goats when they are sick.
Benedito tried to calm Melissa down.
Benedito trimmed his goats' hair to keep them cool in the hot weather.
Benedito trusted his German Shepherds.
Benedito understands the importance of maintaining good hygiene when caring for goats.
Benedito understands the importance of patience when it comes to raising baby goats.
Benedito understands the nutritional needs of his baby goats.
Benedito urged his billy goat to follow him down a narrow path that wound through the mountains.
Benedito used a hose to water the garden.
Benedito used a stick to herd his goats in the right direction.
Benedito used a stick to herd his goats.
Benedito used a whistle to call the kids back to the herd when they wandered too far.
Benedito used his hands to guide the kid as it learned to walk.
Benedito used his herd to pay for his daughter's dowry.
Benedito used his herd to trade for other goods.
Benedito used water to clean the dishes.
Benedito used water to dampen the cloth for cleaning.
Benedito used water to make coffee.
Benedito used water to put out the candle flame.
Benedito uses a mix of kale and spinach in his salad.
Benedito uses advanced technology in his experiments.
Benedito waited patiently in the queue.
Benedito wakes up early every day to tend to his baby goats.
Benedito wants to make a good impression on his date.
Benedito wants to plan a surprise date for Melissa.
Benedito wants to ride a bungee jump off a bridge.
Benedito wants to ride a helicopter over Algiers.
Benedito wants to ride a kayak in the ocean.
Benedito wants to ride a segway in Algiers.
Benedito wants to ride a snowmobile in the winter.
Benedito wants to ride a tandem hang glider.
Benedito wants to ride a zip line over the jungle.
Benedito wants to ride a zipline in Costa Rica.
Benedito wants to ride an elephant in Thailand.
Benedito wants to ride his bike to work.
Benedito wants to ride the Ferris wheel.
Benedito wants to ride the bobsled.
Benedito wants to surprise Melissa with a unique date idea.
Benedito wants to take his date to a movie.
Benedito was able to board a flight for Algiers.
Benedito was born a male, is a male and will always be a male. Even when he stops existing, he will still be a male. Whatever is left of him will still be a male.
Benedito was born into a family of herders.
Benedito was executed in front of his family and they were forced to watch.
Benedito was executed with a blow to the head.
Benedito was grateful for his billy goat's ability to find its way back to the village.
Benedito was mobilized and sent to the front.
Benedito was punching the woman in the ribs.
Benedito was responsible for the attack.
Benedito was taken to be shot.
Benedito was weirding everyone out.
Benedito washed his face with icy water.
Benedito washed his hands with soap and water.
Benedito washed his hands with water.
Benedito washed the car with water and soap.
Benedito watched as his billy goat scrambled up a steep hillside.
Benedito watched as his goats drank from a stream.
Benedito watched as his goats grazed on a hillside, enjoying the view.
Benedito watched as the buck cautiously approached the food and ate.
Benedito watched as the buck climbed up the rocky terrain.
Benedito watched as the buck drank from a nearby stream.
Benedito watched as the buck led his herd to a new grazing area.
Benedito watched as the kid struggled to stand for the first time.
Benedito watched as the kids frolicked and chased each other around the field.
Benedito watched as the kids scampered around him, full of energy.
Benedito watched his goats climb steep rocks effortlessly.
Benedito watched in amazement as his billy goat clambered up a steep cliff.
Benedito watched over the herd of kids as they played in the field.
Benedito watched over the kid as it struggled to keep up with the rest of the herd.
Benedito watched over the kids as they explored new areas of the grazing land.
Benedito watched over the kids as they explored their new surroundings.
Benedito watched over the kids as they played in the shade of a tree.
Benedito watched over the kids as they slept, making sure they were safe and warm.
Benedito watched the ducks swim in the water.
Benedito watched the sunset from the tree's branches.
Benedito watched the water flow through the canal.
Benedito watched the water tumble down the waterfall.
Benedito watched with pride as his billy goat led a group of younger goats to a new grazing spot.
Benedito watered his thirsty herd.
Benedito watered the lawn every morning.
Benedito watered the plants.
Benedito waved to a fellow herder and his billy goat, who were passing by on the nearby road.
Benedito waved to fans waiting in the queue.
Benedito went for a ride in a hot air balloon.
Benedito went rafting on the wild water.
Benedito went to check on his sheep.
Benedito went to the roller skate rink.
Benedito whispered soothing words to his billy goat as they weathered a sudden storm on the mountainside.
Benedito whistled a tune and his goats came running.
Benedito whistled a tune as he set off for a long day of herding, his billy goat following dutifully behind.
Benedito whistled a tune as he walked alongside his goats.
Benedito whistled a tune as his billy goat trotted behind him.
Benedito whistled for his billy goat to follow him down to the river.
Benedito whistled to his herd to call them.
Benedito will continue to raise and care for his goats for as long as he can.
Benedito will ride his bike in the park.
Benedito will ride his motorcycle to the beach.
Benedito will ride the bumper boats with his family.
Benedito will ride the bus to school.
Benedito will ride the cable car over the canyon.
Benedito will ride the cable car up the mountain.
Benedito will ride the chairlift to the top of the ski slope.
Benedito will ride the chairlift up the mountain.
Benedito will ride the double decker bus in London.
Benedito will ride the go-karts with his friends.
Benedito will ride the gondola in Venice.
Benedito will ride the mechanical bull at the rodeo.
Benedito will ride the merry-go-round with his niece.
Benedito will ride the monorail at the theme park.
Benedito will ride the speedboat on the river.
Benedito will ride the train to visit his grandma.
Benedito will ride the tram to get to the museum.
Benedito will ride the water slide at the water park.
Benedito will ride the zip line through the forest.
Benedito woke up at sunrise to tend to his goats.
Benedito wondered if he could sell the buck to a buyer in another region.
Benedito wondered if he could use the goat's milk to make cheese or yogurt.
Benedito wondered if he could use this to his advantage.
Benedito wondered if he should try to catch the buck and sell it.
Benedito wondered if the buck could sense changes in the weather.
Benedito wondered if the buck was sick or injured.
Benedito wondered if the buck would ever let him get close enough to touch it.
Benedito wondered why the buck was so aggressive.
Benedito yawned as his billy goat settled down beside him for the night.
Benedito's German Shepherds watched over his herd at night.
Benedito's aunt will give him a ride to the airport.
Benedito's bonsai tree is a hobby.
Benedito's bonsai tree is a living work of art.
Benedito's bonsai tree is a source of pride.
Benedito's brother gave him a ride to the store.
Benedito's cat knocked over a plant.
Benedito's cousin taught him to ride a dirt bike.
Benedito's dad taught him to ride a bike.
Benedito's dad will give him a ride to the soccer game.
Benedito's date canceled on him at the last minute.
Benedito's date stood him up.
Benedito's date was a disaster from start to finish.
Benedito's date was a fan of astronomy, so they went stargazing.
Benedito's date was a fan of cosplay, so they went to a convention.
Benedito's date was a fan of nature, so they went hiking.
Benedito's date was a fan of the arts, so they went to a ballet.
Benedito's date was a fan of video games, so they went to an arcade.
Benedito's date was a foodie, so they went to a cooking class.
Benedito's date was a huge fan of sports, so they went to a game.
Benedito's date was a thrill-seeker, so they went skydiving.
Benedito's date was a vegetarian, so they went to a vegan restaurant.
Benedito's date was a wine connoisseur, so they went to a wine tasting.
Benedito's date was allergic to the restaurant's food.
Benedito's date was an adrenaline junkie, so they went bungee jumping.
Benedito's date was an animal lover, so they went horseback riding.
Benedito's date was an animal lover, so they went to the zoo.
Benedito's date was an aspiring musician, so they went to a concert.
Benedito's date was impressed with his cooking skills.
Benedito's date was impressed with his sense of humor.
Benedito's date was impressed with his taste in music.
Benedito's date was interested in fashion, so they went shopping.
Benedito's date was interested in history, so they went to a museum.
Benedito's date was interested in science, so they went to a science museum.
Benedito's date was into astronomy, so they went to an observatory.
Benedito's date was into meditation, so they went to a yoga class.
Benedito's date was late, but he still had a good time.
Benedito's date was not what he was expecting.
Benedito's date was too busy looking at her phone.
Benedito's dream is to ride in a hot air balloon.
Benedito's drought-tolerant plant is a symbol of resilience.
Benedito's exotic plant is a conversation starter.
Benedito's exotic plant is a rare find.
Benedito's fans crowded around him in the queue.
Benedito's fans formed a long queue outside.
Benedito's fans were excited to be in the same queue as him.
Benedito's fans were thrilled to be in the same queue as him.
Benedito's favorite plant is a cactus.
Benedito's favorite ride is the Ferris wheel.
Benedito's favorite ride is the teacups.
Benedito's favorite way to ride is on a skateboard.
Benedito's findings could lead to important breakthroughs.
Benedito's firm monitors India's economy.
Benedito's first date with Melissa was at the park.
Benedito's friends set him up on a group date.
Benedito's friends will give him a ride to the concert.
Benedito's garden is full of exotic plants.
Benedito's grandfather told stories under the tree.
Benedito's grandmother gathered herbs and plants from the tree's shade.
Benedito's herd followed him everywhere.
Benedito's herd gave birth to many new kids.
Benedito's herd grazed on the lush grassland.
Benedito's herd helped fertilize the fields.
Benedito's herd moved slowly up the mountain.
Benedito's herd provided for his family.
Benedito's herd roamed freely.
Benedito's herd was a gift from his grandfather.
Benedito's herd was a legacy from his father.
Benedito's herd was a mix of cows and goats.
Benedito's herd was a sign of his social status.
Benedito's herd was a source of pride.
Benedito's herd was a symbol of wealth.
Benedito's herd was his life.
Benedito's herd was the envy of the village.
Benedito's herd was the largest in the region.
Benedito's herd was threatened by drought.
Benedito's horse is ready to ride.
Benedito's little brother wants to ride his skateboard.
Benedito's little sister wants to ride his bike.
Benedito's little sister wants to ride the pony at the petting zoo.
Benedito's mom gave him a ride to the doctor's office.
Benedito's mom will give him a ride to the party.
Benedito's mother gave him a plant.
Benedito's office has many plants.
Benedito's plant has bright pink flowers.
Benedito's plant has medicinal properties.
Benedito's plant has thorns.
Benedito's plant has variegated leaves.
Benedito's plant is a bonsai tree.
Benedito's plant is a carnivorous plant.
Benedito's plant is a centerpiece in his living room.
Benedito's plant is a challenge to care for.
Benedito's plant is a comfort.
Benedito's plant is a favorite of hummingbirds.
Benedito's plant is a fern.
Benedito's plant is a gift from his grandmother.
Benedito's plant is a natural air purifier.
Benedito's plant is a reminder of his travels.
Benedito's plant is a shade-loving species.
Benedito's plant is a source of oxygen.
Benedito's plant is a stress-reliever.
Benedito's plant is a succulent.
Benedito's plant is an exotic species.
Benedito's plant is an heirloom.
Benedito's plant is attracting butterflies.
Benedito's plant is drought-tolerant.
Benedito's plant is dying.
Benedito's plant needs a stake for support.
Benedito's plant needs more space to grow.
Benedito's plant needs repotting.
Benedito's plants need pruning.
Benedito's research focuses on environmental sustainability.
Benedito's research has been recognized with awards and honors.
Benedito's research has implications for the conservation of biodiversity.
Benedito's research has implications for the future of agriculture.
Benedito's research has implications for the future of renewable energy.
Benedito's research has implications for the future of space exploration.
Benedito's research has led to new technologies.
Benedito's research involves analyzing complex data sets using statistical methods.
Benedito's research involves both theoretical and practical aspects.
Benedito's research involves fieldwork and laboratory experiments.
Benedito's research involves interdisciplinary collaboration.
Benedito's research involves studying the behavior of subatomic particles.
Benedito's research involves studying the ecology of marine organisms.
Benedito's research involves studying the impact of climate change on ecosystems.
Benedito's research involves studying the impact of pollutants on human health.
Benedito's research involves studying the molecular mechanisms of disease.
Benedito's research involves studying the properties of nanomaterials.
Benedito's research involves studying the relationship between genes and the environment.
Benedito's research involves testing hypotheses.
Benedito's research requires patience and persistence.
Benedito's research team includes experts from diverse backgrounds.
Benedito's restaurant had a rooftop terrace.
Benedito's restaurant has a Thursday brunch buffet.
Benedito's restaurant has a VIP room.
Benedito's restaurant has a bar area.
Benedito's restaurant has a beautiful fountain in the courtyard.
Benedito's restaurant has a beautiful outdoor garden.
Benedito's restaurant has a beautiful view of the city.
Benedito's restaurant has a beer garden with craft beers.
Benedito's restaurant has a brunch menu.
Benedito's restaurant has a cozy atmosphere.
Benedito's restaurant has a cozy fireplace.
Benedito's restaurant has a cozy lounge area.
Benedito's restaurant has a cozy patio.
Benedito's restaurant has a cozy wine cellar.
Benedito's restaurant has a dessert tasting platter.
Benedito's restaurant has a dress code.
Benedito's restaurant has a fireplace in the main dining area.
Benedito's restaurant has a garden party space for events.
Benedito's restaurant has a happy hour with specials.
Benedito's restaurant has a kids' menu.
Benedito's restaurant has a large selection of cheeses.
Benedito's restaurant has a live cooking station.
Benedito's restaurant has a live music performance.
Benedito's restaurant has a loyalty program.
Benedito's restaurant has a patio with a view.
Benedito's restaurant has a private dining room.
Benedito's restaurant has a private event space.
Benedito's restaurant has a romantic ambiance.
Benedito's restaurant has a romantic candle-lit setting.
Benedito's restaurant has a seafood paella dish.
Benedito's restaurant has a seafood tower.
Benedito's restaurant has a seasonal menu.
Benedito's restaurant has a sommelier.
Benedito's restaurant has a take-out option.
Benedito's restaurant has a take-out window for quick orders.
Benedito's restaurant has a tasting menu.
Benedito's restaurant has a vegetarian menu.
Benedito's restaurant has a wine tasting event.
Benedito's restaurant has outdoor seating.
Benedito's restaurant is always busy on weekends.
Benedito's restaurant is famous for its pasta dishes.
Benedito's restaurant offers catering services.
Benedito's restaurant offers gluten-free options.
Benedito's restaurant serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Benedito's restaurant sources local ingredients.
Benedito's salad is a great way to get in your daily fiber.
Benedito's salad is a great way to get in your daily greens.
Benedito's salad is a great way to impress guests at a dinner party.
Benedito's salad is a great way to showcase seasonal produce.
Benedito's salad is a great way to use up leftover grilled chicken.
Benedito's salad is a great way to use up leftover grilled veggies.
Benedito's salad is a great way to use up leftover roasted chicken.
Benedito's salad is a great way to use up leftover roasted pork.
Benedito's salad is a great way to use up leftover roasted shrimp.
Benedito's salad is a great way to use up leftover roasted vegetables.
Benedito's salad is a great way to use up leftover steak.
Benedito's salad is a great way to use up leftover turkey.
Benedito's salad is a great way to use up leftover vegetables.
Benedito's salad is a great way to use up leftover veggies.
Benedito's salad is a healthy and delicious option for lunch.
Benedito's salad is a healthy and filling meal option.
Benedito's salad is a hit at every potluck.
Benedito's salad is a perfect option for a vegetarian meal.
Benedito's salad is a staple at every family gathering.
Benedito's salad is always a crowd-pleaser.
Benedito's salad is always so colorful and eye-catching.
Benedito's salad is always so crisp and refreshing.
Benedito's salad is the perfect side dish for any meal.
Benedito's salad is the perfect summer dish.
Benedito's salad is the perfect way to balance out a heavy meal.
Benedito's salad is the perfect way to cool down on a hot day.
Benedito's salad is the perfect way to get in your daily dose of veggies.
Benedito's salad is the perfect way to start a meal.
Benedito's salad is the perfect way to use up leftover grilled steak.
Benedito's salad is the perfect way to use up leftover hard-boiled eggs.
Benedito's sister set him up on a blind date.
Benedito's spa has a VIP package.
Benedito's spa has a body exfoliation treatment.
Benedito's spa has a chiropractor.
Benedito's spa has a couples package with champagne.
Benedito's spa has a cryotherapy machine.
Benedito's spa has a custom-blended essential oil bar.
Benedito's spa has a customized skincare program.
Benedito's spa has a detox program.
Benedito's spa has a fitness center.
Benedito's spa has a hair removal service.
Benedito's spa has a hair salon.
Benedito's spa has a hydration facial.
Benedito's spa has a hydration station.
Benedito's spa has a hydrotherapy pool.
Benedito's spa has a jacuzzi.
Benedito's spa has a juice bar.
Benedito's spa has a loyal customer base.
Benedito's spa has a lymphatic drainage machine.
Benedito's spa has a meditation class.
Benedito's spa has a meditation garden.
Benedito's spa has a meditation room.
Benedito's spa has a membership program.
Benedito's spa has a mobile massage service.
Benedito's spa has a nutritionist on staff.
Benedito's spa has a post-natal massage.
Benedito's spa has a private event space.
Benedito's spa has a private pool.
Benedito's spa has a private relaxation room.
Benedito's spa has a relaxation lounge.
Benedito's spa has a relaxation pool.
Benedito's spa has a relaxing garden.
Benedito's spa has a rooftop terrace.
Benedito's spa has a sauna and steam room combo.
Benedito's spa has a sensory deprivation tank.
Benedito's spa has a skincare consultation service.
Benedito's spa has a skincare line.
Benedito's spa has a spacious waiting area.
Benedito's spa has a steam room.
Benedito's spa has a stress-relief massage.
Benedito's spa has a wet room.
Benedito's spa is closed on Thursday.
Benedito's spa offers a sugar scrub.
Benedito's spa offers body scrubs.
Benedito's spa offers ear candling.
Benedito's spa offers gift certificates.
Benedito's spa uses natural products.
Benedito's uncle gave him a ride to the concert.
Benedito's work has been published in high-impact scientific journals.
Benedito's work has implications for the future of food security.
Benedito's work has implications for the future of nanotechnology.
Benedito's work has implications for the future of wastewater treatment.
Benedito's work has the potential to advance the field of artificial intelligence.
Benedito's work has the potential to improve the lives of millions of people.
Benedito's work has the potential to transform the field of complex systems modeling.
Benedito's work has the potential to transform the field of environmental engineering.
Benedito's work has the potential to transform the field of environmental science.
Benedito's work has the potential to transform the field of genomics.
Benedito's work has the potential to transform the field of materials science.
Benedito's work is supported by a team of dedicated research assistants.
Benefits accrue to the community from reconstruction.
Benefits are in effect.
Benefits of course should exceed the costs.
Benefitting who?
Benetido can't wait to discover India.
Benetido has just arrived in India.
Benetido is already in India.
Benetido is so fascinated by India.
Benetido spent a day in India.
Benetido started visiting India from the capital, New Delhi.
Benetido visited many ancient bazaars in India.
Benetido visited many old temples in India.
Benetido wanted to experience the breadth of Indian culture.
Benetido wanted to visit many places in India.
Benevolence is abstract, a good deed is concrete.
Bengali is the official language of Bangladesh.
Bengalis make up 99% of the total population of Bangladesh.
Beni has multiple identities.
Benjamin Franklin then told a funny little story.
Benjamin Franklin was an American politician and inventor.
Benjamin Franklin was an American statesman and inventor.
Benjamin Franklin's temperament and his love of experimentation were ideally suited to his time, which historians call the Age of Enlightenment.
Benjamin Harrison's campaign was well-organized.
Benjamin Harrison’s campaign was well-organized.
Benjamin Netanyahu is a criminal.
Benjamin Netanyahu is a disgrace to the Jewish people.
Benjamin Netanyahu is a great enemy of the Jewish people.
Benjamin Netanyahu is a shande.
Benjamin Netanyahu is an ally of Nazis worldwide.
Benjamin Netanyahu is widely despised by American Jews.
Benjamin Netanyahu's second wife was a convert to Conservative Judaism.
Benjamin Rush was convinced mercury and blood-letting, "the depleting cure" as he called it, was the key to recovery.
Benjamin Whorf hypothesized that the grammar of a language not only acts as a tool for voicing ideas but even moulds those same ideas. Ronald Wardhaugh challenges this assumption, declaring that it is possible to talk about anything whatsoever in any language: “Every natural language is a rich system which readily allows its speakers to overcome any predispositions.”
Benjamin a ravenous wolf, in the morning shall eat the prey, and in the evening shall divide the spoil.
Benjamin called the sense of awe and reverence experienced before a great work of art "aura".
Benjamin climbed a tall mountain.
Benjamin has a sack of potatoes.
Benjamin is holding a bag of rockets.
Benjamin is opening that old truck.
Benjamin shot a bear with a rifle.
Benjamin wrote Olivia a thoughtful letter.
Benjamin wrote a heartfelt poem.
Bennu is a primordial artifact preserved in the vacuum of space, orbiting among planets and moons and asteroids and comets.
Bennu is a primordial artifact preserved in the vacuum of space.
Bennu is the ancient Egyptian deity linked with the Sun, creation and rebirth.
Bennu is the living symbol of Osiris.
Benny Hill was a huge Francophile and spoke French fluently.
Benny goes to the club.
Benny goes to the dance hall.
Benny goes to the discotheque.
Benny is going to the dance floor.
Benson and Holmes analyzed the psychological effect of artificial insemination on parents.
Bente Mikkelsen, director of WHO’s department of noncommunicable diseases, said lack of knowledge can have deadly consequences.
Benzene is a hydrocarbon.
Benzene molecules are hexagonal in shape.
Benzoic acid is much weaker than hydrochloric acid.
Beowulf became king of the Geats.
Beowulf decided to follow the dragon to its lair.
Beowulf killed Grendel with his bare hands.
Beowulf was fatally wounded in the battle.
Berber Jews are the Jewish communities of the Atlas mountains in Morocco, and previously in Algeria, which historically spoke Berber languages, among them Kabyle.
Berber activists have fought hard for their own identity.
Berber and Algerian Arabic have many similarities.
Berber and Ancient Egyptian are Afroasiatic languages.
Berber and Ancient Egyptian are both of the Afroasiatic family of languages.
Berber and Arabic are both official languages in Algeria.
Berber and Arabic are separate languages.
Berber and Arabic are the official languages of Algeria.
Berber and Egyptian are Afroasiatic languages.
Berber and Egyptian are both Afroasiatic languages.
Berber and German are two different languages.
Berber and Semitic languages diverged from each other several thousands of years ago.
Berber and Tamazight are the same thing.
Berber as a family contains several languages ​​including Kabyle, Shawi, Mozabite, Rifain, Zennati, Tergi and Chleuh.
Berber became an official language in Algeria.
Berber became the official language of the Almohads.
Berber belongs to the Afroasiatic family.
Berber belongs to the Afroasiatic language group.
Berber belongs to the same Afroasiatic language family Semitic languages belong to.
Berber belongs to the same Afroasiatic language family that Semitic languages belong to.
Berber can be difficult.
Berber can change your life.
Berber can't be my only focus.
Berber class is my favorite time of the day.
Berber class is never boring.
Berber class is on Friday.
Berber class is really important for me.
Berber class was the most boring ever.
Berber conjugation is difficult.
Berber conjugation is insanely difficult.
Berber conjugation reminds me of Latin.
Berber culture is so beautiful.
Berber culture is such a beautiful culture.
Berber culture shouldn't be folklorized.
Berber dialects are close enough that they can fully communicate with each other easily.
Berber dialects are scattered throughout North Africa.
Berber dialects are sprinkled all over Algeria.
Berber diverges from Semitic languages while still belonging to the same Afroasiatic family Semitic languages belong to.
Berber diverges from Semitic languages while still belonging to the same Afroasiatic family that Semitic languages belong to.
Berber exists.
Berber fell out of use in that region.
Berber genes are present in Algerians.
Berber genes are present in most North Africans.
Berber genes have dispersed throughout North Africa, the Sahara, and the Iberian Peninsula.
Berber grammar is Ziri's strong point.
Berber grammar is neither easy nor very tough.
Berber grammar is tougher than English.
Berber grammar isn't as complicated as that of Finnish.
Berber has a descent representation in Libya.
Berber has a different terminology.
Berber has a lot of words that start with two similar letters.
Berber has a number of sounds that are totally unfamiliar to most Westerners.
Berber has an old alphabet called Tifinagh.
Berber has been spoken in North Africa for the last 4000 years.
Berber has changed Ziri's life.
Berber has changed my life and made it better.
Berber has changed my life.
Berber has definitely changed Ziri's life.
Berber has genders.
Berber has its distinctive alphabet named "Tifinagh."
Berber has its own Latin alphabet.
Berber has its own alphabet called "Tifinagh" but most Algerian Berber speakers write their language in the Latin alphabet.
Berber has its own alphabet called Tifinagh.
Berber has its own script known as Tifinagh.
Berber has lots of Arabic loanwords, but it's not Arabic at all.
Berber has lots of example sentences on Tatoeba.
Berber has made great strides in Algeria.
Berber has made my life better.
Berber has many dialects.
Berber has many sounds that don't exist in English.
Berber has nearly been lost to history in many areas of the Maghreb.
Berber helped him keep his job.
Berber heritage is still strong in Algeria.
Berber influence can be seen in many aspects of North African culture.
Berber is Martino's fourth foreign language.
Berber is Ziri's fourth language.
Berber is Ziri's second language.
Berber is a North African language.
Berber is a beautiful language.
Berber is a comprehensive name for numerous dialects spoken throughout North Africa.
Berber is a difficult language. Do you agree with that?
Berber is a family of languages ​​spoken in North Africa.
Berber is a gendered language.
Berber is a language Yanni knows very well.
Berber is a language that I haven't heard before.
Berber is a language.
Berber is a living language.
Berber is a natural language.
Berber is a part of me.
Berber is a pretty poetic language.
Berber is a really hard language.
Berber is a really interesting language.
Berber is a rich language.
Berber is a sophisticated language that allows you to express wonderful nuances.
Berber is a spoken language.
Berber is a very big thing in my life.
Berber is a very difficult language.
Berber is a very interesting language.
Berber is a very poetic language.
Berber is acknowledged as a language and not a language family in the Algerian constitution.
Berber is acknowledged as an official language alongside Arabic in the Algerian constitution.
Berber is acknowledged as an official language in the Algerian constitution.
Berber is an African language.
Berber is an Afroasiatic language distantly related to Arabic.
Berber is an Afroasiatic language spoken in North Africa.
Berber is an Afroasiatic language.
Berber is an amazing language.
Berber is an extremely interesting language.
Berber is an important language.
Berber is an official language in Algeria and Morocco.
Berber is an official language in Algeria.
Berber is an official language in both Algeria and Morocco.
Berber is an official language, too.
Berber is an official language.
Berber is being revived in various areas of North Africa.
Berber is both an ethnic and a cultural identifier.
Berber is certainly not the language I speak the best.
Berber is changing.
Berber is common to all of Algerians.
Berber is common to all of us.
Berber is commonly written in the Latin alphabet.
Berber is developing.
Berber is difficult to learn.
Berber is divided into many dialects, including Kabyle, Shawi, Riffian, and Tuareg.
Berber is easier to learn than Hungarian.
Berber is easier to me.
Berber is easy to learn.
Berber is essentially our second language.
Berber is even spoken in Mauritania.
Berber is evolving.
Berber is fascinating.
Berber is hard, like really hard.
Berber is his dominant language.
Berber is his strongest language.
Berber is important to me.
Berber is making great strides in Algeria.
Berber is much harder than Spanish.
Berber is my favorite language.
Berber is my favorite subject.
Berber is my field of expertise.
Berber is my first language.
Berber is my fourth language.
Berber is my language and speaking it is not a crime.
Berber is my language.
Berber is my most fluent language after Arabic.
Berber is my most fluent language.
Berber is my most used language.
Berber is my mother language.
Berber is my mother tongue.
Berber is my native language.
Berber is my number-one focus.
Berber is my second language.
Berber is my speciality.
Berber is my strongest language.
Berber is my third language.
Berber is native to North Africa.
Berber is new to me.
Berber is not Arabic at all.
Berber is not a Semitic language.
Berber is not a language, but a family of languages.
Berber is not a particularly difficult language.
Berber is not an Indo-European language.
Berber is not as complicated as Latin.
Berber is not as difficult as Icelandic.
Berber is not difficult at all.
Berber is not my first language, so I apologize for any mistakes.
Berber is not my first language.
Berber is not my mother tongue.
Berber is not our first language.
Berber is now an official language in Algeria.
Berber is now an official language.
Berber is now official in both Algeria and Morocco.
Berber is now official.
Berber is official alongside Arabic in Algeria.
Berber is official in Algeria.
Berber is official in both Algeria and Morocco.
Berber is one of the languages that Boris speaks very well.
Berber is our best common language.
Berber is our language.
Berber is our mother language.
Berber is our mother tongue.
Berber is our native language.
Berber is our native tongue.
Berber is our next class.
Berber is our second language.
Berber is part of my subconscious.
Berber is part of the Afroasiatic family of languages.
Berber is precious to me.
Berber is present everywhere in Algeria.
Berber is prevalent in many regions of Algeria.
Berber is really interesting.
Berber is relatively easy to learn.
Berber is rich.
Berber is scattered throughout North Africa.
Berber is simply a tool for communicating ideas.
Berber is simply a tool for delivering ideas.
Berber is slightly harder than Arabic.
Berber is so beautiful.
Berber is so difficult.
Berber is so much more beautiful than English.
Berber is something Yanni knows very well.
Berber is spoken as a native language in Algeria by more than a third of the country's population.
Berber is spoken by millions of people in North Africa.
Berber is spoken in Algeria to this day.
Berber is spoken in North Africa.
Berber is spoken in many oases throughout the Sahara desert.
Berber is spoken throughout North Africa.
Berber is still spoken here.
Berber is still spoken in the Babor mountains.
Berber is still spoken today by a huge chunk of the Algerian population.
Berber is struggling to survive.
Berber is such a beautiful language.
Berber is such a wonderful language.
Berber is such an intricate language.
Berber is taught at schools.
Berber is taught in many schools in Algeria.
Berber is the historical language of all Algerians.
Berber is the language Martino wants to learn.
Berber is the language he speaks most of the time.
Berber is the language of business here.
Berber is the language of my ancestors.
Berber is the language of my parents.
Berber is the language that I use all the time here in Kabylie, Algeria.
Berber is the language that I'm learning now.
Berber is the language that he speaks most of the time.
Berber is the main language in my hometown.
Berber is the most ancient language in North Africa.
Berber is the name of a family of languages and not the name of a single language.
Berber is the only language I understand.
Berber is the only language they speak at home.
Berber is the only language they speak at school.
Berber is the only language they speak in the village.
Berber is the only language they speak.
Berber is the whole world to me.
Berber is their only language.
Berber is their secret language.
Berber is undergoing a strong revival movement.
Berber is undergoing linguistic revival.
Berber is used all over North Africa.
Berber is used in this area.
Berber is useful to me.
Berber is useful.
Berber is very interesting.
Berber is written with Greco-Latin characters in Algeria.
Berber isn't Ziri's first language.
Berber isn't a Semitic language.
Berber isn't a dead language.
Berber isn't an Indo-European language and it belongs to a completely different ethnolinguistic bloc.
Berber isn't his native language. He's Egyptian.
Berber isn't my first language.
Berber isn't my mother tongue.
Berber isn't simple everywhere.
Berber isn't that different from Algerian Arabic.
Berber isn't that difficult.
Berber language activists continue to defend the unity of the Berber language.
Berber language activists have always defended the unity of the Berber language.
Berber missionaries played a big role in spreading Islam in sub-Saharan Africa.
Berber names are neither offensive nor ugly.
Berber names are so beautiful.
Berber needs to be passed on to future generations.
Berber revivalism started in the mid-20th century.
Berber should be compulsory as a subject for all Algerian pupils.
Berber should be taught in all Algerian public schools.
Berber sounds so beautiful.
Berber sounds very different in different parts of North Africa.
Berber speakers are a minority inside Algeria.
Berber speakers are a significant minority in Algeria.
Berber speakers are in various areas of Algeria.
Berber speakers are now just one or two percent in Tunisia.
Berber speakers are present everywhere in Algeria.
Berber speakers are scattered throughout the countries of North Africa and the Sahel region.
Berber speakers consist of 2 percent of the Tunisian population.
Berber speakers in Algeria don't consider themselves as the members of separate ethnic groups.
Berber speakers live practically everywhere in North Africa.
Berber speakers make up a third of Algeria's population.
Berber speakers make up about 30% of Algeria's population.
Berber speakers make up about a quarter of Algeria's population.
Berber speakers make up about a third of Algeria's population.
Berber speakers make up something like 25% of Algeria's population.
Berber speakers represent about 25% of Algeria's population.
Berber speakers still live in the Blida Atlas to this day.
Berber still doesn't have an ISO-639-3 code.
Berber survives in many pockets of North Africa.
Berber survives in many pockets of the Maghreb region.
Berber survives to this day.
Berber tongue twisters are a great way to practice this language.
Berber traders began to spread Islam in sub-Saharan Africa.
Berber traders entered sub-Saharan Africa since times immemorial.
Berber traders married local sub-Saharan women.
Berber traders played a significant role in spreading Islam in sub-Saharan Africa.
Berber traders spread Islam in sub-Saharan Africa.
Berber traditions are part of Algeria's cultural heritage.
Berber traditions are still thriving in this area.
Berber turned out to be so easy to learn.
Berber uses three different scripts.
Berber warriors fought without mercy.
Berber was Yanni's first class each morning.
Berber was Ziri's favorite subject.
Berber was far more widespread in North Africa before the arrival of the Arab Banu Hilal tribes in the 11th century AD.
Berber was my first language.
Berber was once the lingua franca of North Africa.
Berber was the first foreign language Martino learnt.
Berber was the first language Yanni learned in Algeria.
Berber was the first period of the day.
Berber was totally boring.
Berber wasn't really my thing.
Berber went extinct in many areas of Algeria.
Berber will become a valuable language in North Africa.
Berber will boost your professional career very quickly.
Berber will have a brilliant future and racism and separatism will be flushed down the toilet.
Berber will have an ISO-639-3 code soon.
Berber will help you in your professional development.
Berber will never die.
Berber will never go extinct.
Berber will open your eyes to North Africa.
Berber women knead bread by hand.
Berber women weave at home.
Berber's word order is sometimes different from that of English.
Berber, I mean the Berber language, is an official language in the Algerian constitution and this is an undeniable fact.
Berber, an Afroasiatic language, is loosely related to Semitic languages.
Berber, due to its status as a family of languages, does not constitute a common language for the various Berber-speaking groups in Algeria, Morocco, Tunisia, and Libya.
Berber, from what I hear, is an extremely difficult language.
Berber, from what I understand, is an extremely difficult language.
Berber, please.
Berber-speaking pockets are scattered all over Algeria.
Berbers adopted Islam as their main religion.
Berbers adopted Islam in the 7th and 8th centuries.
Berbers affirm their status of free men.
Berbers are Muslims.
Berbers are a brave people.
Berbers are a fascinating population.
Berbers are an incredibly diverse group of people.
Berbers are bold people.
Berbers are brave people.
Berbers are brave.
Berbers are called "Imazighen" in Berber language.
Berbers are considered white.
Berbers are credited for spreading Islam in the Iberian Peninsula.
Berbers are essentially Sunni Muslims.
Berbers are fighting to maintain their language and culture.
Berbers are genetically related to Egyptians.
Berbers are indigenous to Algeria.
Berbers are indigenous to North Africa.
Berbers are largely bilingual.
Berbers are native to North Africa.
Berbers are native to the North African region.
Berbers are not scared of anyone.
Berbers are one of those groups that many people have heard of but know almost nothing about.
Berbers are overwhelmingly Muslim.
Berbers are predominantly Caucasian.
Berbers are pretty poetic.
Berbers are proud of their language.
Berbers are the ancestral people of Algerians.
Berbers are the indigenous people of Algeria.
Berbers are the indigenous people of North Africa.
Berbers are the indigenous population of the region.
Berbers are the most ancient people in North Africa.
Berbers are true natives of North Africa.
Berbers are very genetically distinct from Native Americans.
Berbers are very proud of their language.
Berbers aren't an "ethnic" or "cultural" minority in Algeria. In fact, most Algerians are of Berber descent and Berber speakers, including Kabyles, are well integrated in the Algerian society.
Berbers became the carriers of the Islamic religion and they spread it wherever they went.
Berbers began to convert to Islam.
Berbers call their language "Tamazight."
Berbers call their language Tamazight.
Berbers call themselves "Imazighen."
Berbers converted to Christianity during the Roman period.
Berbers converted to Islam and abandoned a lot of their traditional practices.
Berbers converted to Islam and abandoned their previous religions.
Berbers converted to Islam in between the 7th and 8th centuries BC.
Berbers converted to Islam in the 7th century.
Berbers converted to Islam in the 8th century.
Berbers converted to Islam.
Berbers developed their own alphabet.
Berbers do have their own ethnic identity.
Berbers don't descend from Arabs.
Berbers established great kingdoms in North Africa after the arrival of Islam.
Berbers fought back against the Romans.
Berbers have a very rebellious attitude.
Berbers have been living in North Africa for more than 6000 years.
Berbers have gathered an immense amount of interests from anthropologists.
Berbers have inhabited North Africa for thousands of years.
Berbers have lived in North Africa before the coming of Islam to the region.
Berbers have lived in North Africa ever since the dawn of time.
Berbers have managed to keep their language and traditions.
Berbers have mixed with many other groups throughout their history.
Berbers have occupied North Africa for thousands and thousands of years.
Berbers have spread their language and genes throughout North Africa and the Iberian Peninsula.
Berbers have their own identity.
Berbers have their own traditional version of hockey.
Berbers have their own version of hockey.
Berbers in that region became extensively mixed with Arabs.
Berbers inhabit North Africa.
Berbers introduced Islam to Sub-Saharan Africa.
Berbers invented the tifinagh alphabet.
Berbers is the plural of Berber.
Berbers live in North Africa.
Berbers love their language.
Berbers make bread by hand.
Berbers never built any lasting empire.
Berbers overwhelmingly follow Islam.
Berbers practice Islam.
Berbers prefer to be called "Imazighen."
Berbers pushed prehistoric African populations to the south.
Berbers refer to themselves in their own language as the "Imazighen."
Berbers revolted multiple times against the Romans.
Berbers should be given the credit they deserve.
Berbers speak Berber.
Berbers speak closely related dialects.
Berbers speak the Berber language.
Berbers speak the same language.
Berbers spread Islam across Western Africa.
Berbers still exist.
Berbers use the Tifinagh alphabet.
Berbers were almost fully Islamized in the 7th and 8th centuries.
Berbers were among the first peoples in the world to embrace Islam.
Berbers were converted to Islam.
Berbers were fiercely resistant foreign invasions.
Berbers were one of the first nations to adopt Islam.
Berbers were very clever craftsmen.
Berbers were very influential in the Mediterranean.
Berg explained to Vera, with a tender smile, that love came from the sky and did not belong to the earth.
Berg is a center-back.
Bergamot oil may be tested as to its purity by mixing it with alcohol.
Bergen is a Norwegian town.
Bergen is known as the city between the seven mountains.
Bergen is the second largest city in Norway.
Bergman dedicates to Parisina a play in three acts.
Berkofsky's focus now is a posthumous tribute to his friend and frequent collaborator, Alan Hovhaness.
Berkofsky, not yet 40, had a motorcycle accident, injuring his back and breaking his right arm in eight places.
Berlin Street is closed at the junction with King Street because of roadworks. Those with local knowledge are asked to change their journeys to avoid the area.
Berlin and Munich have different postcodes.
Berlin currently suffers a lot from the political circumstances in Europe.
Berlin has a comprehensive public transport network comprising two urban rail systems – local commuter trains (S-Bahn) and the underground (U-Bahn) – and bus and tram routes.
Berlin has the best air quality of any large European city.
Berlin is Germany's capital city.
Berlin is Germany's capital.
Berlin is a German city.
Berlin is a German town.
Berlin is a symbol of unification between the East and the West.
Berlin is a symbol of union between East and West.
Berlin is a very dynamic city.
Berlin is big, and so is Algiers.
Berlin is in Germany.
Berlin is located on the Spree river.
Berlin is not Germany.
Berlin is the capital of Germany.
Berlin is the largest city in Germany.
Berlin is uber cool.
Berlin used to be a beautiful city.
Berlusconi is a piece of shit.
Berlusconi is more of a demagogue than a democrat.
Berlusconi sucks.
Bermuda enjoys one of the highest per capita incomes in the world.
Bermuda must import almost everything.
Bermuda was first settled in 1609 by shipwrecked English colonists heading for Virginia.
Bern is Switzerland's capital.
Bern is the capital of Switzerland.
Bernadette was born in Rennes in 1909.
Bernadette's dream for some time was to buy a house in Morocco.
Bernard Kouchner, who established Medecins Sans Frontieres, did not oppose the Iraq war.
Bernard joined the tennis club.
Bernard of Chartres used to say that we are like dwarfs on the shoulders of giants, so that we can see more than they, and things at a greater distance, not by virtue of any sharpness of sight on our part, or any physical distinction, but because we are carried high and raised up by their giant size.
Bernard signed up for the tennis club.
Bernard was hoping he could strike a chord with his new colleagues.
Bernardo de Vasconcelos carried out outstanding parliamentary activity and participated in the press.
Bernie Sanders is a pathetic loser.
Bernie Sanders is sitting in a chair.
Bernie Sanders sits on a chair.
Bernie Sanders would not have been left-wing enough for any of the Jewish socialists of old.
Bernie Sanders, a U.S. senator from the small and often very cold New England state of Vermont, was seated at the presidential inauguration of his former rival, Joe Biden, dressed for warmth rather than fashion.
Bernie can still win.
Bernie is a complete non-starter.
Bernie is a total joke.
Bernie is an old fart.
Bernie would have won.
Berries and other plant foods contain many antioxidants.
Berries and other plant-based foods are rich in antioxidants.
Berries are fleshy fruits.
Berries are high in minerals such as potassium.
Berries are known to contain anti-oxidants.
Berries are rich in minerals such as potassium.
Berries can be frozen.
Bersani must make the impossible possible.
Bert doesn't go to high school, does he?
Bert doesn’t go to high school, does he?
Bert's bisexuality was troubling Tom and excited Mary.
Berta and Salvador ended up banding together to get the answers to the biology exam.
Berta spent the afternoon crafting ID cards for everyone in the gang.
Bertha Pappenheim described psychoanalysis as "the talking cure".
Bertrand Russel wrote that until the age of twelve he had never met anyone, apart from the gardener, who had not written a book.
Bert’s bisexuality was troubling Tom and excited Mary.
Beryllium, magnesium, calcium, strontium, barium and radium are alkaline earth metals.
Berzerkers are famous for the bloodlust, but what about their tender regard for poetry?
Beside him lay a little child, with her round white arms encircling his brown sinewy neck; and her golden-haired head resting upon the breast of his velveteen tunic.
Beside him stood a smart-looking police-inspector, who was taking notes in a pocket-book.
Beside sport events, the stadium is also a place for various concerts and shows.
Beside the mayor, many other distinguished guests were present.
Beside this table, on the wooden chair, sat Dr. Grimesby Roylott clad in a long gray dressing-gown, his bare ankles protruding beneath, and his feet thrust into red heelless Turkish slippers.
Beside you, I'm only a beginner at this game.
Beside you, I’m only a beginner at this game.
Besides Arabic, Turkish, and Persian, the colonial languages of English and French remain in use.
Besides English, she also speaks German.
Besides English, she speaks a little Japanese.
Besides Esperanto, he fluently speaks other foreign languages, too.
Besides French, he can obviously speak English.
Besides Greek, I would love to speak Russian and Polish.
Besides Korinthian, Spartan, and other Doric enemies in the Peloponnesos, Boiotians to the north, Megarians on the west, were threatening Athens.
Besides Leon and Amelia, there were five other people in the theater.
Besides Swedish and Danish, Mary also speaks Finnish and German fluently.
Besides Tom, who should I meet?
Besides a living room in the house, there were also two bedrooms and, of course, a kitchen and a bathroom.
Besides a sofa and a table, there wasn't any furniture in the living room.
Besides a stall of marble, a manger of ivory, purple blankets and a collar of precious stones, Caligula even gave this horse a house, a troop of slaves and furniture, for the more elegant entertainment of the guests invited in his name; and it is also said that he planned to make him consul.
Besides attending the funeral, she needs to make all the arrangements.
Besides being a businessman, he is a musician.
Besides being a doctor, he was a very famous novelist.
Besides being a great statesman, Sir Winston Churchill was a great writer.
Besides being a statesman, he is a well-known painter.
Besides being a surgeon, he was a famous writer.
Besides being able to trap the comet debris, aerogel's ability to encapsulate it will also help prevent the dust particles from undergoing any chemical changes.
Besides being an actress, she was a famous painter.
Besides being beautiful, she is kind and intellectual.
Besides being economical, it's fun.
Besides being economical, it’s fun.
Besides being ignorant, he is too proud.
Besides easing aches and pains, Adams says the pleasant aroma of the California sagebrush helps people relax. He says a plant called Spanish Bayonet was used by American Indians for food. Its leaves and roots produce a kind of soap, and the fiber from the stems can be used as a poultice for wounds, and for making clothing.
Besides fruit, we're going to have ice cream.
Besides global warming, air pollution from the Indo-Gangetic Plains—one of the world’s most polluted regions is also impacting the mountains as these pollutants deposit black carbon and dust on the glaciers, hastening their melting according to the study.
Besides herbs, often given as tea or a puree, special diets are recommended, as well as yoga and meditation, massage, and hot compresses on key parts of the body.
Besides his battery manufacturing company, the business magnate also has ventures to build reusable rocket stages for commercial space flight, fully electric cars and cheaper, more efficient solar panels.
Besides it being incredibly catchy, I like nothing about this song.
Besides lazy, they are liars.
Besides lending books, libraries offer various other services.
Besides loving sports, my son also loves art.
Besides making the plan, my brother carried it out.
Besides me, only you know about it.
Besides music, what else do you do?
Besides playing tennis, she skis very well.
Besides providing the patient with a relatively stress-free experience, the optical unit, which is no bigger than a breadbox, can also provide high-resolution images of blood flowing through our veins without the need for the harsh and short-lasting fluorescent dyes that are used in some test procedures.
Besides smallpox, anthrax, and Ebola virus, public health officials say many other biological agents can serve a terrorist's purpose. For example, they worry that terrorists could poison the food supply with salmonella or E-coli bacteria.
Besides smoking, my father drinks.
Besides teaching English, he writes novels.
Besides tennis, what else do you do?
Besides that he had nothing to add.
Besides that, I don't know how to dance.
Besides that, unemployment is increasing.
Besides the guitar, she also plays the piano.
Besides the piano, can you play any other instruments?
Besides the private clubs, the orchestra also played many high school proms.
Besides the rain, we experienced heavy winds.
Besides the sun, the solar system consists of planets, moons, asteroids, and comets.
Besides the thirty operas Verdi wrote a string quartet, the Manzoni Requiem, and a national hymn.
Besides the yellow jersey of the winner, he also snagged the Tour’s white and polka dot jerseys for best young rider and best mountain rider, respectively.
Besides those serious problems, he had to contend with all sorts of people.
Besides which that's only if unpacking the luggage proceeds smoothly and is finished by Sunday morning.
Besides which that’s only if unpacking the luggage proceeds smoothly and is finished by Sunday morning.
Besides working at home, women in the village fetch fodder for buffaloes and work in fields.
Besides you, does Tom have any living relatives?
Besides you, does Tom have any relatives?
Besides, I am coming.
Besides, I didn't see anything.
Besides, I didn't want to get you involved.
Besides, I do not know how to dance.
Besides, I haven't paid for this place yet.
Besides, I'm coming.
Besides, I'm very happy to have met you.
Besides, by contributing, not only will you be helpful to the rest of the world, but you will also get to learn a lot.
Besides, do we marvel at Naples?
Besides, human desire knows no limits.
Besides, it's a really interesting problem.
Besides, it's starting to rain.
Besides, it’s starting to rain.
Besides, she has a beautiful cat.
Besides, we will lose too much time to talk about the various topics.
Besides, we're used to it.
Besides, you lead a charmed life.
Besieged by photographers, Marcus held the newspaper in front of his face.
Bess is simply a child.
Bessaoud Mohand Amazigh is a great defender of Amazigh identity.
Best before 01/09/2010.
Best before: see lid.
Best case scenario, you get kicked out of the house.
Best coffee ever.
Best day of my life.
Best friends are hard to come by.
Best friends should not talk bad things behind each other back.
Best known in Yellowstone are the fossil forests of Specimen Ridge, where the remains of hundreds of 50-million-year-old trees stand exposed on a steep hillside, with trunks up to eight feet in diameter and some more than 20 feet tall.
Best men are like the best coffee: strong, hot and keeps you awake all night long.
Best not get close to that plant!
Best not take any chances.
Best of all, he learns things fast.
Best of luck in your tournament.
Best of luck next time.
Best of luck to you.
Best of luck with that.
Best of luck.
Best regards to your father.
Best regards, Silja.
Best regards.
Best served chilled.
Best to let him rest.
Best to stay silent.
Best travel is one that has no end.
Best wishes for a happy and prosperous New Year.
Best wishes from all of us.
Best wishes to all.
Best wishes to your parents.
Best wishes!
Bet he's read neither.
Bet that's not true.
Bet without exaggerating.
Bet you can't do ten press-ups.
Bet you didn't expect me to be into that, did you?
Bet you thought we were all done talking about the lesson?
Bet you want to hang yourself.
Bet?
Beta-carotene also helps to keep your skin healthy and young-looking.
Betel nuts come from the areca palm.
Betel nuts come from the betel palm.
Betel-palms grow wild all over the island.
Beth Jensen suffered a stroke when she was just eight years old, and though she survived, she was almost completely paralyzed and unable to talk as a result.
Beth Sanders was known for both her incendiary speeches and her fierce writing.
Beth accused her sister, Sally, of tearing her scarf.
Beth argued that Sally was only pretending to be innocent.
Beth described what she had seen in detail.
Beth had to work very hard, and now she is hungry and exhausted.
Beth has a strong habit of interrupting people while they are talking.
Beth has preserved her good looks.
Beth is afraid of the dark because of her evil brother.
Beth is an odd girl who likes snakes.
Beth is in the teacher's room right now seeing her teacher.
Beth is seeing her teacher in the teacher's room now.
Beth is seeing her teacher in the teacher’s room now.
Beth is slimmer than her sister now.
Beth is unqualified for such a responsible post.
Beth looked after our dog while we were away.
Beth protested, but her mother reminded her that she was incredibly fat.
Beth told Chris that if he didn't take a bath, she wouldn't go on a date with him.
Beth told Chris that if he didn't take a bath, she wouldn't go out with him.
Beth told Chris to bathe or she will not agree to date him.
Beth was always up a tree.
Beth was asked by her lazy boyfriend to do his history homework.
Beth was committed to Chris and eagerly accepted.
Beth was looking forward to meeting him, but he never showed up.
Beth was very impressed and satisfied with her brand-new facilities.
Beth will not allow Chris to kiss her because he is terribly dirty.
Beth won't allow Chris to kiss her because he's awfully dirty.
Beth won't let Chris kiss her because he's very dirty.
Beth's father discussed with her how strongly he expects her to be quiet.
Beth's lazy boyfriend asked her to do his history homework.
Bethony forms each loaf by hand, feeding them one by one into a wood fired oven.
Bethony is also one of only a handful of bakers around the United States who mill their grains on-site.
Bethony says Seylou wouldn’t fly without the support of his wife, Jessica Azees, a teacher and yoga instructor who became his business partner.
Bethony uses about 20 varieties of organic grains in making his bread loaves.
Bethony wants people to have a different perception of healthy food.
Beth’s father discussed with her how strongly he expects her to be quiet.
Betrayed and captured, Jugurtha was taken prisoner to Rome.
Betrayed, not conquered.
Betsy asked Tom for the sun, the moon and the stars; for Mary his love was enough.
Better a broken promise than none at all.
Better a hammer than an anvil.
Better a hundred friends than a hundred rubles.
Better a little than nothing.
Better a live coward than a dead hero.
Better a living dog than a dead lion.
Better a man without money than money without man.
Better a new friend than an old foe.
Better a small fish than an empty dish.
Better a small gain than a great loss.
Better a spoonful of honey than a barrel of vinegar.
Better alone than in bad company.
Better an egg today than a hen tomorrow.
Better an end with horror than a horror without end.
Better and better!
Better ask twice than lose your way once.
Better be a repulsed lover than an accepted brother.
Better be careful, you're playing with fire.
Better be careful.
Better be half hanged than ill wed.
Better be still single than ill married.
Better be the head of a cat than the tail of a lion.
Better be the head of a dog than the tail of a lion.
Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own.
Better beautiful and rich than ugly and poor.
Better believe it.
Better bend than break.
Better bread without butter than cake without freedom.
Better broken Gaelic than no Gaelic at all.
Better buy than borrow!
Better buy than borrow.
Better crazy than boring!
Better days are ahead.
Better days are coming.
Better dead than red.
Better dead than unremarkable.
Better do the right job than do the job right.
Better doesn't mean good.
Better drop by his gallery if you have time.
Better for steel to dissolve than for speech to be distorted.
Better get preparing! Tomorrow will be the last day.
Better half an egg than an empty eggshell.
Better hedge your bets if you don't want to lose everything.
Better her than me.
Better him than me.
Better if I come tomorrow.
Better if you go first.
Better it would assuredly be to have some one to fall back on: it was not good for a man to stand so alone.
Better keep quiet.
Better keep your head down.
Better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world.
Better late than never, as they say.
Better late than never, don’t you think?
Better late than never, no?
Better late than never, right?
Better late than never, they said.
Better late than never, wouldn’t you agree?
Better late than never.
Better later than never.
Better lazy than dumb.
Better leave it!
Better less than nothing.
Better luck next time.
Better never than late.
Better not get involved. This guy is a scumbag.
Better not get involved. This guy is a thug.
Better not to yearn for impossible dreams.
Better now than never, don’t you think?
Better off in Syria.
Better out than in.
Better performance by electoral and security authorities notwithstanding, fears remain that disagreements on the result might engulf the country into a destabilizing fight for power.
Better prepared than anyone expected, they were.
Better prepared than ever, they pressed on.
Better prepared than ever, they stood firm.
Better prepared than expected, they were.
Better prepared than last time, they acted.
Better prepared than last time, they were.
Better prepared than most, they still struggled.
Better prepared than we thought, they were.
Better prepared than we were, they still failed.
Better red than dead.
Better run away immediately!
Better run away right now!
Better run.
Better safe than sorry, as always.
Better safe than sorry, as the saying goes.
Better safe than sorry, as they always say.
Better safe than sorry, right?
Better safe than sorry, they say.
Better safe than sorry.
Better short and sweet, than long and lax.
Better shut the door.
Better solitude than the company of the wicked.
Better stay silent.
Better supervision is required. This place is nothing but confusion. For example, there is too much replication which only wastes time and energy.
Better sure than a loser.
Better tell her the truth.
Better than a slap in the face with a wet fish.
Better than anyone else, he knew the cost.
Better than anyone, he understood the stakes.
Better than nothing, I suppose.
Better than nothing.
Better than the one who knows what is right is he who loves what is right.
Better that ten guilty persons escape than that one innocent suffer.
Better the bitter truth than a sweet lie.
Better the devil you know than the angel you don't.
Better the devil you know than the devil you don't.
Better the naked and the honest than the rich and lawless.
Better things are coming.
Better times are on the horizon.
Better to act now than regret later.
Better to ask the way than go astray.
Better to attack than to let oneself be attacked.
Better to be a dog in a city than a man in a hamlet.
Better to be a happy fool than an unhappy sage.
Better to be alone than in a bad company.
Better to be alone than in bad company.
Better to be an orphan than to have such relatives.
Better to be blind than to see that.
Better to be dead than a libtard.
Better to be deaf than to hear that.
Better to be hated for who you are than loved for who you're not.
Better to be hated for who you are than loved for who you’re not.
Better to be hit by your mother one hundred times, than to hear one threat from your father.
Better to be prepared than caught off guard.
Better to be the head of a dog than the tail of a lion.
Better to be the leader of a small group, than a subordinate in a large organization.
Better to be without logic than without feeling.
Better to bend than break.
Better to bend than to break.
Better to clothe you than to feed you.
Better to cry a little than to worry a lot.
Better to die on our feet, than to live on our knees.
Better to die standing than to live on your knees.
Better to earn than to inherit.
Better to err on the side of caution.
Better to extend an olive branch than launch a missile.
Better to get advice from your lawyer.
Better to give in.
Better to give up possessions than to live in discontent with others.
Better to go solo than to be in bad company.
Better to go without salt than to use too much.
Better to have a big open ear than an open leg.
Better to have negative criticism than nothing at all.
Better to have one plough going than two cradles.
Better to have something than nothing.
Better to know than to wonder forever.
Better to light one candle than to curse the darkness.
Better to live dishonored than die proud.
Better to lose it than to find it.
Better to quarrel with your knee than to quarrel with others.
Better to reign in Hell, than serve in Heaven.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and remove all doubt.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt.
Better to run than to rot.
Better to sleep with torment than to get up with regrets.
Better to sleep with worry than to wake up with regret.
Better to starve than to borrow.
Better to stay silent.
Better to take a nap than read a magazine like that.
Better to try and fail than never to try at all.
Better to try and fail than never to try.
Better to understand a little than to misunderstand.
Better tools make good work.
Better wear out shoes than sheets.
Better wear out than rust out.
Better.
Betting on human stupidity is always a good bet.
Betty Page was a pin-up girl.
Betty White is very popular with Americans.
Betty always managed to get what she wanted.
Betty arrived the latest.
Betty bought a bit of butter, but the bit of butter Betty bought was so bitter she bought a bit of better butter to make the bitter butter better.
Betty brought some roses and Jane some carnations.
Betty came last.
Betty can play the piano.
Betty can't tell right from wrong.
Betty cannot keep any secret to herself for a long time.
Betty can’t tell right from wrong.
Betty challenged me to a game of tennis.
Betty could sing better.
Betty didn't say a single word.
Betty didn't say a word.
Betty didn’t say a word.
Betty drives fast.
Betty drives very fast.
Betty fell in love with Tom and killed him.
Betty got hooked on dancing.
Betty got over the shock.
Betty has a charming voice.
Betty has a previous conviction for theft.
Betty has a sweet voice.
Betty has climbed the mountain three times.
Betty has climbed this mountain three times.
Betty is a dance teacher.
Betty is a dancing teacher.
Betty is a pretty girl, isn't she?
Betty is a pretty girl, isn’t she?
Betty is a serial killer.
Betty is crazy about dancing.
Betty is watering the flowers.
Betty killed Jane while she was singing.
Betty killed everyone.
Betty killed her mother.
Betty killed her own mother.
Betty killed her.
Betty killed him.
Betty killed his mother.
Betty killed them all.
Betty killed your mother.
Betty laid herself on the bed.
Betty likes classical music.
Betty managed to sing well.
Betty may be pretty, but she shoots a gun with the precision of a hawk.
Betty murdered him.
Betty never had a violin case.
Betty never said a word.
Betty read four stories during the vacation.
Betty said not a single word.
Betty sat down on Mary’s couch, ruthlessly sweeping aside a mass of half finished valentines to make room.
Betty sat in the chair with her legs crossed.
Betty seemed surprised at the news.
Betty speaks Esperanto really well.
Betty speaks Esperanto very well.
Betty talks as if she knew everything.
Betty talks like she knows everything.
Betty turned down Muriel's offer.
Betty turned down Muriel’s offer.
Betty was bitten by a bat.
Betty was the first girl who came to the party.
Betty was the last to arrive.
Betty went to the sea yesterday.
Betty will be able to come before noon.
Betty's Esperanto is really great.
Between 1,490 and 1,635 people died in the sinking of the Titanic.
Between 1000 and 800 B.C., the Greeks adapted the Phoenician alphabet to their own language and added vowels.
Between 1820 and 1973, the United States admitted more than 46 million immigrants.
Between 1830 and 1954, there were numerous uprisings in Kabylie against the French occupation.
Between 1830 and 1962, Algeria was controlled by the French.
Between 1920 and 1968, the Dutch used dikes and pumps to shut off a shallow bay of the North Sea, and turn part of it into land.
Between 1924 and 1934, Bialik served as the head of the Hebrew Language Committee.
Between 1935 and 1947, Midway was used as a refueling stop for trans-Pacific flights.
Between 1935 and 1947, Midway was used as a refueling stop for transpacific flights.
Between 1946 and 1958, the United States conducted 67 nuclear test explosions in the Marshall Islands.
Between 1962 and 1989, Algeria was a socialist country.
Between 1962 and 2019, there were numerous uprisings in Kabylie against the Algerian occupation.
Between 1969 and 1972, the U.S. brought back a total of 382 kilograms of lunar soil through seven Apollo manned spacecraft missions, six of which succeeded.
Between 1982 and 1991, there was a new wave of migration to the West for family reunification.
Between 1990 and 1995, she worked at the Eye Diseases Scientific Research Institute in Moscow.
Between 1991 and 2022, the US was the sole superpower.
Between 1999 and 2019, Algeria was governed by an authoritarian leader.
Between 2004 and 2013, growth averaged nearly 5% per year, led by exports.
Between 2011 and 2012, China produced more cement than the United States did during the whole of the 20th century.
Between 3 billion and 4 billion years ago, a river there flowed into a body of water the size of Lake Tahoe, depositing sediments packed with carbonite minerals and clay.
Between 6 and 8 p.m. is happy hour.
Between 622 and 750, the Islamic Caliphate conquered the entire Arabian Peninsula, Mesopotamia, and North Africa, reaching the Indus river to the east, the Iberian Peninsula to the west, and the Black, Caspian, and Aral seas to the north.
Between Christmas and New Years Day, there's a holiday dead zone.
Between Christmas and the new year, Mary and Tom go skiing.
Between E->J translations and J->E, it appears that more people want English-Japanese translations.
Between E->K translations and K->E, it appears that more people want English-Kadazan translations.
Between E→J translations and J→E, it appears that more people want English-Japanese translations.
Between Hanukkah and Tu BiShvat we have an opportunity to return to our original weight.
Between Heaven above and Hell below is a place called Earth.
Between Ken and you, who is taller?
Between Scylla and Charybdis.
Between a rock and a hard place.
Between astonishment and sorrow, she could not speak a word.
Between broken sobs and sniffling, Janos told his mother what happened.
Between continents are oceans.
Between friends all is common.
Between friends, to have a heart-to-heart is really rejuvenating.
Between going out and staying in, I like to stay in.
Between ice cream and shaved ice I definitely prefer ice cream.
Between me and my consciousness is an abyss.
Between meals, he usually manages to stow away a generous supply of candy, ice cream, popcorn and fruit.
Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship.
Between my station and yours there are four other stations.
Between now and the end of the week, I will finish it.
Between one day and the next, we packed our bags and moved. We've never regretted it.
Between ourselves, I think Mr. Holmes has not quite got over his illness yet. He's been behaving very queerly, and he is very much excited.
Between ourselves, I think he is rather stupid.
Between ourselves, he is rather stupid.
Between ourselves, he keeps a mistress.
Between ourselves, he seems to be a homosexual.
Between ourselves, he was dismissed for bribery.
Between ourselves, the fat ugly witch is on a diet.
Between ourselves, this article is selling slowly.
Between overworking and under-sleeping, her health has begun to decline.
Between people of good will, there are no problems, only solutions.
Between six and eight in the evening is happy hour.
Between sobs, that lost girl said her name.
Between the 13th and 15th of February 1945, British and American bombers fire bombed the city of Dresden, Germany. These actions were later deemed a war crime.
Between the 15th and the 17th century, thousands of Spanish Muslims and Jews were forced to renounce their religions.
Between the 1960s and the 1980s, Algeria followed socialist policies.
Between the 1960s and the 1990s, Algeria was essentially a socialist country.
Between the Catholic Church and the LGBTQ community, only one has a long proven track record of pedophilia.
Between the ages of 15 and 16, he grew three whole inches.
Between the ages of 5 and 14, Leonid was raised in Algeria.
Between the ages of one and four, young children should consume no more than 118 milliliters of fruit juice, the doctors' group says. The academy recommends that children between the ages of four and six restrict their juice intake to no more than 177 milliliters a day, while children between seven and 18 should limit their fruit juice consumption to 236 milliliters.
Between the devil and the deep blue sea.
Between the fence and the creek was a dirt road.
Between the four of them, they picked up the load.
Between the head and the torso is the neck.
Between the high mountains is a green valley.
Between the inner and outer planets is an asteroid belt.
Between the minded planetary systems occurred infinite variations of personal intercourse. As between human individuals, there were loves and hates, temperamental sympathies and antipathies, joyful and distressful intimacies, cooperations and thwartings in personal ventures and in the great common venture of building the galactic Utopia.
Between the sweating tourists and the agonizing pigeons, Paris, during the summer, is madly elegant!
Between the three, there is the mother and the child. Then there is the father and the child.
Between the traffic and the dog's barking, he couldn't sleep.
Between the traffic and the dog’s barking, he couldn’t sleep.
Between the trees they glimpsed for a moment the forest lake sparkling in the sunlight.
Between the two little houses stands a very old and very large linden tree.
Between the two of them, Ken is taller.
Between the two of us, he's a little crazy.
Between the two of us, we're almost a functional person.
Between the upper and nether millstone.
Between the years 796 and 809 — during a period generally seen as the “golden age” of Islam — the then ruler of the Abbasid caliphate, Harun al-Rashid, moved his capital from Baghdad to Raqqa.
Between them they can finish in a week.
Between them, India and Brazil produce over half the world's papaya.
Between them, the two largest companies account for a share of more than 50% of the market.
Between these two classes a struggle must go on until the workers of the world organize as a class, take possession of the earth and the machinery of production, and abolish the wage system.
Between two evils, choose the least.
Between two identical men, a woman tends to pick the one with the fattest wallet.
Between two people there is no truth, only perception.
Between two stools one falls to the ground.
Between two stools you fall to the ground.
Between two trees a rope is hanging; there is a piece of board upon it; it is a swing. Two pretty little girls, in dresses white as snow, and with long green ribbons fluttering from their hats, are sitting upon it swinging.
Between two words, we must choose the shortest one.
Between us and Algeria lie 1000 kilometers of desert.
Between us and Algeria lie a thousand kilometers of desert.
Between us there is no problem.
Between us, he is a little foolish.
Between us, it's not a good idea to go see him at the hospital.
Between us, she was ill.
Between us, things are becoming worse.
Between us.
Between you and me there is a big difference.
Between you and me, I don't like our new team captain.
Between you and me, I don't trust him.
Between you and me, I don’t like our new team captain.
Between you and me, I think our boss is stupid.
Between you and me, I'm going to quit my present job soon.
Between you and me, I’m going to quit my present job soon.
Between you and me, John's idea doesn't appeal to me very much.
Between you and me, John’s idea doesn’t appeal to me very much.
Between you and me, Lisa, we know that I simply don't like Nick.
Between you and me, Lisa, we know that I simply don’t like Nick.
Between you and me, Tom's idea doesn't appeal to me very much.
Between you and me, Tom’s idea doesn’t appeal to me very much.
Between you and me, he cannot be relied upon.
Between you and me, he has a shallow way of thinking.
Between you and me, he is rather stupid.
Between you and me, he was dismissed for bribery.
Between you and me, he's a shallow thinker.
Between you and me, he's in trouble with the boss.
Between you and me, he’s a shallow thinker.
Between you and me, he’s in trouble with the boss.
Between you and me, his idea doesn't appeal to me very much.
Between you and me, the fat ugly man is on a diet.
Between you and me, what is your opinion of her?
Beware lest it be shameful too as well as evil.
Beware lest you should miss the train.
Beware of 'One Ring' malicious nuisance calls!!
Beware of Greeks bearing gifts.
Beware of Rome if you want to remain pious.
Beware of Tom. He can get you into trouble.
Beware of Tom. He is a malicious person.
Beware of a silent dog and still water.
Beware of anybody who claims objectivity.
Beware of anyone who claims objectivity.
Beware of calm waters.
Beware of cameras with long lenses, lest you get snapped in a compromising situation.
Beware of changing sides.
Beware of dog.
Beware of fake friends.
Beware of falling rocks!
Beware of falling rocks.
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.
Beware of frostbite!
Beware of generally accepted ideas!
Beware of he who would deny you access to information, for in his heart he dreams himself your master.
Beware of her.
Beware of him.
Beware of idealism.
Beware of imitations.
Beware of jellyfish.
Beware of members having an agenda.
Beware of members with an agenda.
Beware of one who praises you to your face.
Beware of pickpockets here.
Beware of pickpockets.
Beware of serious illnesses.
Beware of smooth talk.
Beware of snakes.
Beware of speed bumps.
Beware of the appearance.
Beware of the bears.
Beware of the cockerel. It bites.
Beware of the dangerous dog.
Beware of the dog!
Beware of the dog.
Beware of the double standards.
Beware of the false friend who smiles at you and stabs you in the back.
Beware of the gorilla.
Beware of the pufferfish, it's mostly poisonous.
Beware of the shattered glass!
Beware of thefts in a big city.
Beware of thieves.
Beware of traffic spikes.
Beware of wild animals.
Beware of ’One Ring’ malicious nuisance calls!!
Beware that you don't get into trouble.
Beware that you don’t get into trouble.
Beware the Ides of March!
Beware the back of a horse and the front of a woman.
Beware the fury of a patient man.
Beware the ides of March.
Beware the wolf in sheep's clothing.
Beware the wolf in sheep’s clothing.
Beware!
Beware! Beware! The Dragonborn comes!
Beware! Frictionless road ahead.
Beware! The fox is roaming around the chicken coop.
Beware! There's a car coming!
Beware! There’s a car coming!
Beware, the fuel slowly depletes over time.
Beware, the robot takes everything literally and can be easily provoked to attack.
Beyle experienced a sort of second childhood after she got free of Yankev, or perhaps the first childhood she never had.
Beyle feels helpless.
Beyle is concerned that the people who claim to be defending her are doing nothing of the sort, and that she has no power to influence their decisions.
Beyle is disgusted by people who care more about defending Israeli war crimes than about antisemitism in her own country, yet speak in her name.
Beyle is stunning.
Beyle is very worried about the rise of Neo-Nazism.
Beyle is worried about the rise of Neo-Nazism.
Beyle plays in an Evanescence tribute band.
Beyle wishes lobbyists would stop speaking for her.
Beyle works at an employment agency.
Beyle's aunt Sheyne lives in Bialystok.
Beyonce has given birth to a daughter.
Beyoncé and Jay-Z called their daughter Blue Ivy.
Beyoncé is a queen.
Beyoncé is one of the best music artists of all time.
Beyond a shadow of a doubt.
Beyond a shadow of doubt.
Beyond a wholesome discipline, be gentle with yourself.
Beyond a wholesome discipline, be gentle with yourself. You are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here. And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should. Therefore be at peace with God, whatever you conceive Him to be, and whatever your labors and aspirations, in the noisy confusion of life keep peace with your soul.
Beyond his mask of toughness lies infinite depth.
Beyond his small fleet of ships anchored safely past the shallow mud flats, the captain could just make out a row of low hills in the offing, but even with binoculars he could not see beyond the horizon to the mighty offshore wind turbines which he had sailed by on his approach to the inlet.
Beyond lay the sea, misty and purple, with its haunting, unceasing murmur.
Beyond lay the sea, shimmering and blue, and over it soared the gulls, their pinions flashing silvery in the sunlight.
Beyond that I cannot help you.
Beyond that, I told Tom nothing.
Beyond the British Islands the Wood Warbler is found throughout Europe, though rare in the north, and it extends eastward to Siberia and southward to Algeria, Egypt and Abyssinia.
Beyond the Right's populism and the dispersion of the Left which have made this situation possible, I take full responsibility for this defeat and draw the necessary conclusions by retiring from political life after the end of the presidential election.
Beyond the Right’s populism and the dispersion of the Left which have made this situation possible, I take full responsibility for this defeat and draw the necessary conclusions by retiring from political life after the end of the presidential election.
Beyond the church we could see fields full of cows.
Beyond the cornfields lies a meadow.
Beyond the current global slowdown, the world faces several long-standing economic challenges.
Beyond the forest lies a beautiful lake.
Beyond the novel, we come to works whose avowed aim is information.
Beyond the props, the exhibit highlights the real-life inspirations for the Hollywood horrors.
Beyond the rail there was winter night, a moving blackness where the waves rushed and clamored; straining into the great dark, men sensed only the bitter salt of sea-scud, the nettle of sleet and the lash of wind.
Beyond the ridge, there was a farm.
Beyond the shadow of a doubt, this is the best.
Beyond the shadow of a doubt.
Beyond this I know nothing.
Beyond this they may raise the question as to what special characteristics distinguish the relationship of vocabulary and grammar in the case of a planned language.
Beyond was the sea.
Beyond what age is it unhealthy for a child to have imaginary friends?
Beyond what number of Facebook friends are you considered to have a dissociative identity disorder?
Bezalel Smotrich is a fascist Member of Knesset.
Bhutan is a country about which I only know very little.
Bhutan is called "Druk Yul" in Tibetan.
Bhutan signed a pact in December 2014 to expand duty-free trade with Bangladesh.
Bhutan's national sport is archery, and contests are regularly organized in most towns.
Bi adds that the borough’s activities and ideas have inspired leaders in other Taiwanese cities and counties.
Biafraland is far more significant in size, history, culture, and scope than the seccessionist Biafra Republic of General Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu, which only came into prominence during the period of the Nigerian Civil War, which lasted from 1967 to 1970.
Białystok is the administrative capital of Podlaskie.
Bibbidy is a white pony with a light pink mane and tail blue eyes blue hooves and blue princess accessories.
Biblical Hebrew had no word for "cat."
Biceps are man boobs.
Bich Ngoc loves Instagram food shots like any other self-respecting millennial, but not just for their photogenic allure: She gets on social media to check if certain cuisine is safe.
Bicycle access is limited.
Bicycle lanes are everywhere!
Bicycles are a form of transportation that provides exercise and does not emit pollution.
Bicycles are a healthier form of transportation.
Bicycles are called "Velos" in Switzerland.
Bicycles are for summertime.
Bicycles are great and all, but what do you do when you get to work filthy, wet, and tired?
Bicycles are greener than cars.
Bicycles are tools for urban sustainability.
Bicycles have two wheels.
Bicycles keep to the left in Japan.
Bicycles traveling to the right of automobiles is illegal.
Bicycles wear out, of course, but with proper care they may be made to last a long time.
Bicycling on this highway is very dangerous.
Bid good bye, for a time, to Necile and her sisters; for you shall accompany me on my journey through the world.
Bidding started at three hundred dollars.
Biddle was an extremely intelligent man.
Biden adopted Major, a rescue, in 2018.
Biden adopted his other dog, Champ, in 2008 shortly after the presidential election.
Biden and Trump are just clowns in a show.
Biden and Trump are the one and the other hand of the same invisible giant.
Biden doesn't need a more right-wing challenger like RFK, Jr.. He is already way too right-wing for this historical moment.
Biden expressed a desire to collaborate with the pope to advance “a shared belief in the dignity and equality of all humankind on issues such as caring for the marginalized and the poor, addressing the crisis of climate change, and welcoming and integrating immigrants.”
Biden flew the rainbow flag outside the White House.
Biden froze all Afghan assets in the US stealing part of that money to "compensate" the victims of the 9/11 attacks. That's all the Afghan people needs. The United States destroyed Afghanistan to the ground and in 2022, Washington steals their money as if all of Afghanistan's people had to pay the price for an attack committed by a terrorist organization more than twenty years ago.
Biden gained 132 votes in the Wisconsin recount.
Biden got COVID again.
Biden has been stressing the potential energy transition has to create new jobs.
Biden has been under immense pressure to waive vaccine patents, one of his campaign promises.
Biden has pardoned all those convicted of simple marijuana possession.
Biden has pledged to choose a Cabinet that reflects the diversity of the American population.
Biden imposed tarifs on China to curb its development.
Biden is a conservative.
Biden is the second Catholic to be elected U.S. president.
Biden pledged during the summit to cut U.S. greenhouse gas pollution by 50-52% by 2030.
Biden says the U.S. will quickly rejoin the Paris climate change agreement.
Biden served for 36 years as a U.S. senator and eight as vice president.
Biden supports Democratic Party policies such as stricter gun control, looser immigration laws and higher minimum wages.
Biden took the presidential oath of office on the steps of the Capitol, swearing to uphold the U.S. Constitution and defend the country against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
Biden won enough electoral votes to be declared the next president of the United States.
Biden's border policies are largely indistinguishable from Trump's.
Biden, as a former U.S. vice president and one-time member of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, will probably uphold existing U.S.-China policy, said Liu Yih-jiun, public affairs professor at Fo Guang University in Taiwan.
Biden, at 78, becomes the country’s oldest leader ever.
Bids were invited for building the bridge.
Bids were solicited for the building of the bridge.
Big Ben's clock is an English icon.
Big Brother cares for you.
Big Brother is good.
Big Brother is in China now.
Big Brother is keeping an eye on you.
Big Brother is watching you.
Big Brother loves you.
Big Brother protects you.
Big Charlie’s mother’s name is Red Woman.
Big Data is striving for omniscience.
Big Jinping is watching you.
Big Pharma doesn't give a damn about your health.
Big Tech first asks you for some information, then sells it to advertising companies.
Big automobiles consume a lot of petrol.
Big black snakes enjoy scaring hikers by hanging from trees.
Big boys don't cry.
Big breasts in Japan are considered small by Russian standards.
Big brother is watching you.
Big brother, you've got a bad fever?! Never mind the bags, rest in the shade of those trees!
Big brother, you’ve got a bad fever?! Never mind the bags, rest in the shade of those trees!
Big business or big government often leads to monopoly and monopsony.
Big car, little dick.
Big cars burn a lot of gas.
Big changes are afoot.
Big changes are coming.
Big changes can be expected.
Big cities are exciting, but polluted. Villages are clean, but boring.
Big cities have lots of amusements.
Big cities have too high a potential for riots.
Big companies need an economy analyst.
Big deal!
Big deal, you'll tell me, anyone can find them.
Big deal.
Big deal. No one cares.
Big events will come to pass.
Big fish eat little fish.
Big fish eat small fish.
Big fish eat the small ones.
Big fucking deal!
Big girls don't cry.
Big grey clouds are moving across the sky.
Big is not always better.
Big men are not always strong.
Big men are not necessarily strong men.
Big men aren't always strong.
Big men aren't necessarily strong.
Big nose, bald, pockmarked skin. Tom had all those qualities that Mary adored.
Big overcoats and high boots suddenly became fashionable because they could easily conceal flasks, giving birth to the term “bootlegger.”
Big pandas only live in China.
Big people aren't always strong.
Big people aren’t always strong.
Big pharma wants you dead.
Big predators became confined to isolated pockets of land.
Big ships develop big problems.
Big shoutout to my friends for their support.
Big snowflakes are falling.
Big successes result from constant effort.
Big things come in small packages.
Big trucks hardly fit in that road.
Big whoop.
Bigamy is having one wife too many.
Bigamy is having one wife too many. Monogamy is the same.
Bigamy is when you have one wife too many.
Bigfoot and the Chupacabra are cryptids.
Bigfoot didn't much care for Tom or his brownies.
Bigfoot doesn't exist.
Bigfoot is not a pet. For one thing, they don't like being called 'bigfoot'.
Bigfoot is not a pet. For one thing, they don’t like being called ’bigfoot’.
Bigfoot is only in North America.
Bigfoot is real.
Bigfoot really exists.
Bigfoot smells awful.
Bigfoots prefer the deeper and undisturbed parts of the forest.
Bigger doesn't always mean better.
Bigger is not always better.
Bigger isn't always better.
Bigger portions contain more calories.
Bigotry is not tolerated here.
Bigotry is often invisible to those who are not on the receiving end of it.
Bigots are incapable of discriminating, since they lump individuals into homogeneous groupings.
Bigots are not welcome here.
Bigots work against democracy.
Bike helmets can protect riders from serious head injuries.
Bike sheds are useful.
Bikes in Switzerland are called "Velos".
Biking in the rain isn't much fun, but a suitable rain cape offers good protection.
Biking is becoming more and more popular in North America.
Biking to work saves Tom thirty dollars a week in bus fares.
Bilabial sounds are harder to learn in some languages.
Bilal is a Somali citizen.
Bilal is a person of knowledge.
Bilal is educated.
Bilal is taller than Karam.
Bilal went to school.
Bilbao is a city in the Basque country.
Bilberries are my favourite fruit.
Bilberries grow far and wide north of the equator.
Bilbies are one of Australia’s best-known marsupials.
Bilingual French-English signs often consist of the same word repeated twice, or of two words that are different but exist in both languages.
Bilingual brains build stronger connections.
Bilingual dictionaries are allowed.
Bilingual teenagers are encouraged to apply.
Bilingualism among children in Canada is on the rise.
Bilinguals are not just two monolinguals stuck together!
Bill Clinton denied the accusation.
Bill Clinton spoke in ambiguous language when asked to describe his relationship with Monica Lewinsky.
Bill Clinton was found not guilty.
Bill Clinton was right-wing, like Tony Blair.
Bill Evans was a jazz pianist.
Bill Gates already knows that coronavirus will become dangerous again.
Bill Gates announces intent to return advertising revenue to the users.
Bill Gates doesn't need to microchip you. He already has you using Windows 10.
Bill Gates founded Microsoft.
Bill Gates is often considered the world's richest man.
Bill Gates is one of the greatest potato producers.
Bill Gates is still the richest person in the world. According to Forbes magazine, he has a fortune of $86 billion, up from $75 billion in 2016.
Bill Gates is the Health Pope.
Bill Gates is the father of artificial meat.
Bill Gates is the founder of Microsoft.
Bill Gates is the main sponsor of WHO.
Bill Gates is the richest person in the world.
Bill Gates is the wealthiest man in the world.
Bill Gates is the world's richest man.
Bill Gates isn't the richest man in the world anymore.
Bill Gates was Microsoft formerly and now he's WHO.
Bill Gates was born in Seattle, Washington, on October 28, 1955.
Bill Gette and Rebecca Schwer are staff members at the Massachusetts Audubon Society, which maintains an education center and bird banding station for the Parker River National Wildlife Refuge here on the Massachusetts coast. In addition to songbirds, the Refuge also shelters endangered shorebirds such as the Piping Plover, varied mammals and fish.
Bill Maher hasn't been left of center since the aughts.
Bill Maher is reactionary and unfunny.
Bill Maher was never funny, but his politics used to be far less stodgy.
Bill Walton was a stutterer.
Bill accepted my statement as true.
Bill and I have been sincere friends for a long time.
Bill and Joan divided the candy between them.
Bill and John enjoy meeting once a month for a chinwag.
Bill and John like to get together once a month to chat.
Bill and John like to get together once a month to shoot the breeze.
Bill and John like to get together once a month to talk.
Bill and Mary are vying for the same promotion, so every project they do, they're trying to leapfrog each other.
Bill and his younger brother are nothing alike.
Bill and his younger brother don't look alike.
Bill boasts of owning the biggest car in the neighborhood.
Bill brought me a glass of water.
Bill brought me the book.
Bill brought me this book.
Bill called me last night.
Bill called me yesterday afternoon.
Bill came all the way from Florida.
Bill came to see me last autumn.
Bill can ride a bicycle.
Bill can run faster than Bob.
Bill can run fastest in his class.
Bill can run the fastest in his class.
Bill can speak Japanese a little.
Bill can speak a little Japanese.
Bill climbed the ladder of success until he became the president of the company.
Bill de Blasio, New York's mayor, stated that there will be a "larger than ever" police presence in New York next week. On Tuesday, president Obama and other world leaders will take part in the United Nations General Assembly in the city.
Bill dealt Tom a sudden blow.
Bill did not commit the crime.
Bill did not say that she should obey him no matter what.
Bill did nothing else but joke.
Bill didn't turn up at the party.
Bill didn't work hard enough and so he failed.
Bill didn’t turn up at the party.
Bill didn’t work hard enough and so he failed.
Bill died a disappointed man.
Bill disagreed with his classmates on every subject.
Bill dived into the river to save the drowning child.
Bill doesn't like the fact that his father smokes a lot.
Bill doesn't smoke anymore.
Bill doesn’t like the fact that his father smokes a lot.
Bill dove into the river to save the drowning child.
Bill goes fishing every other day.
Bill got into such a hole with the payments on his house that now that he's lost his job, I don't know how he'll ever get out from under.
Bill got into such a hole with the payments on his house that now that he’s lost his job, I don’t know how he’ll ever get out from under.
Bill got mad and called Dick names.
Bill got up early in order that he might catch the first train.
Bill got up early in order to catch the first train.
Bill got up early so he could catch the first train.
Bill got up so early that he caught the first train.
Bill had always been a quiet, home-loving man, but after a few months in the job, his personality changed.
Bill has a lot of friends.
Bill has a lot of original ideas.
Bill has a part-time job so that he can buy a car.
Bill has come by a great deal of money.
Bill has many friends.
Bill has no sense of adventure.
Bill has not less than six dollars.
Bill has passed the exam.
Bill has passed the test.
Bill has stock in that company.
Bill has stopped smoking.
Bill has the makings of an excellent scientist.
Bill hates George only if Pat hates Bill.
Bill hates his father smoking heavily.
Bill hates that his father smokes heavily.
Bill is 20 minutes late. He must have gotten lost somewhere.
Bill is a baseball player.
Bill is a complete idiot.
Bill is a complete muppet.
Bill is a great fighter.
Bill is a regular fool.
Bill is always honest.
Bill is as tall as Jack.
Bill is completely unlike his brother.
Bill is en route to New York.
Bill is equal to the task of running the firm.
Bill is good at math.
Bill is good at mathematics.
Bill is honest all the time.
Bill is in Japan.
Bill is my best friend.
Bill is my closest friend.
Bill is my junior by two years.
Bill is nervous about the exam.
Bill is not as tall as Bob.
Bill is not as tall as you.
Bill is not tall like you.
Bill is on his way to New York.
Bill is on the editorial staff.
Bill is quite reserved.
Bill is really fighting the battle of the bulge.
Bill is seldom ever on time.
Bill is skillful in arguing and debating.
Bill is still a legendary figure in this company.
Bill is the more clever of the two brothers.
Bill is the one who wrote the letter.
Bill is the smarter of the two brothers.
Bill is two years older than I am.
Bill is two years older than I.
Bill is two years senior to me.
Bill isn't really cooperative.
Bill joined our company three years ago.
Bill just wanted to comfort Monica, but she interpreted it as romantic interest.
Bill kept on crying for hours.
Bill lives near the beach.
Bill lives near the sea.
Bill made a DIY silencer for his rifle.
Bill made me a nice dress.
Bill may be watching this game at the stadium.
Bill me for the books purchased.
Bill me later.
Bill missed the first ball.
Bill never argues with other people.
Bill never fails to send a birthday present to his mother.
Bill never forgets to send a birthday present to his mother.
Bill often breaks his promises.
Bill often doesn't keep his promises.
Bill often doesn’t keep his promises.
Bill often fails to keep his word.
Bill often goes to the park.
Bill often plays with toys by himself.
Bill often sings in the bathroom.
Bill passed the exam.
Bill passed the test.
Bill posting prohibited. Offenders will be prosecuted.
Bill put aside a hundred dollars for his trip.
Bill really drinks like a fish.
Bill really drinks too much.
Bill replaced Jim as captain.
Bill resembles his father in character.
Bill resisted the temptation.
Bill runs faster than Bob.
Bill saw Mary.
Bill searched the entire house.
Bill seems to be stuck on Mary.
Bill shouted that he was all right.
Bill signed up for the exam.
Bill speaks Japanese a little.
Bill speaks a little Japanese.
Bill spoke Japanese surprisingly fluently.
Bill spoke Japanese with surprising fluency.
Bill stopped smoking.
Bill tapped me on the shoulder.
Bill took his brother to the zoo.
Bill took his little brother to the zoo.
Bill took the blame for the loss.
Bill turned on the television.
Bill wanted to get to the office in good time to clean his desk.
Bill was able to pass the exam.
Bill was adamant that she should obey him.
Bill was born in Hungary, moved to America as a child, and died fighting Nazis for America at Normandy.
Bill was canned from his job last week.
Bill was careless in handling his pistol.
Bill was crazy for a motorbike.
Bill was in Japan.
Bill was in his bedroom.
Bill was killed by a burglar.
Bill was killed by an intruder.
Bill was killed by that man.
Bill was killed with a gun.
Bill was late for school as usual.
Bill was much loved by the other children in his school.
Bill was murdered by that man.
Bill was sent to live with his grandparents while his mother studied to become a nurse.
Bill was single until he tied the knot last week.
Bill was singled out for a special award.
Bill was too young to take the job.
Bill was too young to take the post.
Bill was unable to get Mary to understand what he said.
Bill went in and checked.
Bill went with his brother to the zoo.
Bill will often sing in the toilet.
Bill will return next week.
Bill will take you on at tennis.
Bill will win, won't he?
Bill will win, won’t he?
Bill won the match, not so much by good luck as by real ability.
Bill works in a car dealership.
Bill wrote the letter.
Bill's Hebrew name was Avraham.
Bill's abrupt manner causes him to be misunderstood.
Bill's been to Japan.
Bill's father was a traveling salesman.
Bill's in Japan.
Bill's paid the Bills' bills.
Bill's work is selling cars.
Bill, Bill! How do you feel?
Bill, answer the door.
Bill, call me tonight.
Bill, did you take Spot for a walk yet?
Bill, don't go there!
Bill, give me a call this evening.
Bill, give me a call tonight.
Bill, have you taken Spot for a walk yet?
Bill, if you'll come with me, you'll float, too.
Bill, open the door.
Bill, please.
Billie Holiday had an earthy, gravelly voice.
Billie Holliday had an earthy, gravelly voice.
Billie has changed more tyres than you've had hot dinners.
Billing is part of a group of two-wheel enthusiasts who are working towards smoothing the path for a new American mode of transportation — the bicycle.
Billings had backheeled Louden Powers just as he got to the door, and now was kneeling on the chest of the discomfited scoundrel.
Billionaires agree on one thing, which is the necessity of perpetuating the system that enriches them at the expense of others.
Billionaires are a national security threat.
Billionaires are out for themselves.
Billionaires hate journalists because they shine light on their crimes.
Billionaires shouldn't exist.
Billions are lost in the wind.
Billions of dollars are at stake in the squabble over a tax tactic called “inversion,” that President Barack Obama believes is not fair to their American competitors or the hard-working American taxpayer.
Billions of dollars have disappeared in Algeria.
Billions of dollars were stolen in Algeria.
Bills are starting to pile up.
Bills started to pile up.
Bills, bills, and more bills. How I'm going to pay them I don't know.
Billy Mackenzie was a Scottish singer-songwriter.
Billy Wynne owns Awake, a store in Denver that sells coffee and alcohol substitutes. He plans to open a no-alcohol bar soon.
Billy and his father have had nothing to do with each other for nearly twenty years.
Billy is a local to the Appalachian Mountains.
Billy is good at sport.
Billy is good at sports.
Billy is very tall for his age.
Billy made disparaging comments about the foreign students' native languages.
Billy made hurtful jokes about the foreign student's English proficiency.
Billy made snide remarks about the foreign student's struggles with grammar and vocabulary.
Billy makes fun of foreign accents, using them as a basis for mockery.
Billy makes hurtful comments about grammar mistakes made by non-native speakers.
Billy mimicked the foreign students' accents in a derogatory manner, making them feel self-conscious.
Billy mocks the pronunciation of words by non-native speakers without any empathy.
Billy often hits his face against windows.
Billy ridiculed non-native speakers' mistakes without considering the effort they put into learning English.
Billy rolled his eyes and laughed condescendingly when the foreign student made grammatical errors.
Billy scoffed at the foreign student's attempts to pronounce difficult English words.
Billy shamelessly mocked the foreign student's attempts to speak English fluently.
Billy takes pleasure in making derogatory remarks about non-native speakers.
Billy took pleasure in pointing out the foreign student's mispronunciations and errors.
Billy tried to diminish and belittle non-native speakers.
Billy uses derogatory terms to refer to non-native speakers.
Billy uses his language skills to demean and humiliate those who are learning English.
Billy's biased remarks about non-native speakers contribute to the perpetuation of linguistic hierarchies and discrimination.
Billy's computer is new.
Billy's contribution to the English corpus earns him accolades. Paradoxically, when Dmitri innocently shares his example sentences, he's met with accusations of spamming.
Billy's contributions to the English corpus are lauded as commendable, while Dmitri's innocuous contribution is immediately dismissed as spam and frowned upon.
Billy's cruel comments perpetuate stereotypes about non-native speakers.
Billy's cruel comments undermine the efforts of non-native speakers to communicate effectively.
Billy's cruel remarks about Gustavo's mistakes are a form of linguistic bullying.
Billy's cruel remarks about Walid's mistakes reinforce the notion that only native speakers are worthy of respect.
Billy's cruel remarks highlight a deep-rooted prejudice against non-native speakers.
Billy's cruel remarks reveal a lack of empathy for the struggles of foreign learners to learn and master English.
Billy's derogatory comments about non-native speakers reflect his narrow-mindedness.
Billy's disdainful remarks mock the cultural backgrounds of non-native speakers.
Billy's dismissive comments on Gustavo's mistakes reflect a narrow-minded perspective on language acquisition.
Billy's hurtful words reinforce stereotypes and contribute to the perpetuation of biases against non-native speakers.
Billy's insensitive comments on the foreign students reveal a lack of cultural sensitivity and understanding.
Billy's negative comments make non-native speakers feel unwelcome and discouraged.
Billy's negative comments on non-native speakers perpetuates linguistic discrimination.
Billy's negative remarks about non-native speakers perpetuate the notion that fluency equals superiority.
Billy's negative remarks devalue the contributions of non-native speakers to the website.
Billy's remarks reinforce the notion that non-native speakers of English will never be as proficient as native speakers.
Billy, get lost! I don't want to see you here again.
Billy, get lost! I don’t want to see you here again.
Bill’s abrupt manner causes him to be misunderstood.
Bill’s father was a traveling salesman.
Bill’s work is selling cars.
Bilqis is a fake blonde.
Bin lived in Singapore.
Bin the plan.
Bing-bong ... bing-bong ... "Oh-oh. The class bell!"
Binge drinking can damage the amygdala.
Binge drinking is a growing problem in the United States, especially among young people.
Binge drinking is a serious problem among young people.
Binge drinking is harmful for your health.
Binge drinking is harmful to your health.
Binge drinking is risky behavior among young people.
Binging and purging are signs that someone may have bulimia.
Bingley had never met with more pleasant people or prettier girls in his life.
Bingley likes your sister undoubtedly; but he may never do more than like her, if she does not help him on.
Bingo is something that grandmothers play.
Bingo questions usually follow a “never have I ever” format that users cross off until they eliminate all the spaces on a card to make bingo.
Bingo!
Binocular disparity is difference in images between the two eyes.
Binocular disparity refers to the difference in image location of an object seen by the left and right eyes.
Bioclimatic is an ecological approach to architecture.
Biodiversity continues to decline each year.
Biodiversity has never had it so bad.
Biodiversity is declining rapidly throughout the world.
Biodiversity is essential in an ecosystem.
Biodynamic agriculture is based on anthroposophy, a philosophy founded by Rudolf Steiner, which postulates the existence of a spiritual world.
Biodynamic farmers plant according to the moon phases.
Biofuels are gaining credibility as a supplement to petroleum fuel in some developed as well as developing countries. Biofuels are made from plant waste, including sugarcane and cassava. But some say prospects of using biofuel in large quantities in Nigeria is limited by some constraints regarding resources and costs.
Biogas systems reduce methane emissions by transforming waste from livestock, crops, water and food into energy.
Biography lends to death a new terror.
Biological Anthropology studies the history of human adaptation to the environment, such as disease, early death, medicine discovery and human evolving from other animals.
Biological evolution is largely a symbiotic process.
Biological oceanographer Paul Snelgrove, who participated in a decade-long global census of marine life a few years ago, notes that finding new species in the deep ocean is pretty common.
Biological sex has at least as much to do with phenotype as with genotype.
Biologically, Central Park is home to an amazing assortment of plants and animals.
Biologically, it's impossible to change your sex.
Biologists are idiots blinded by definitions.
Biologists assert the losses are severe.
Biologists released some turtles into the sea.
Biologists view the chupacabras as a contemporary legend.
Biologists, geologists and geochemists work together on this project to understand the lifeforms, such as bacteria, that grow on these rocks, and the factors that allow them to thrive.
Biology class is my most boring class.
Biology has allowed us to create new medicines and treatments for diseases.
Biology has allowed us to create new tools and technologies for studying the natural world.
Biology has allowed us to develop new agricultural practices that can feed a growing population.
Biology has allowed us to develop new technologies for cleaning up environmental pollutants.
Biology has allowed us to make great strides in the fields of medicine and biotechnology.
Biology includes many life sciences.
Biology is a constantly evolving field that is always producing new discoveries.
Biology is a constantly evolving field that is always pushing the boundaries of what we know.
Biology is a fundamental science that underpins many other fields of study.
Biology is my favorite subject.
Biology is my favourite subject.
Biology is the only science where multiplication is the same as division.
Biology is the study of life.
Biology is transphobia.
Biology is transphobic, too.
Biology isn't Tom's favorite subject.
Biology plays a crucial role in understanding and addressing public health issues.
Bioremediation and environmental engineering of Terra saved that planet from pollution and desertification.
Biotech and Moderna have a lead in the Corona or Covid vaccination.
Biotechnology will bring about a revolution in agriculture.
Birch trees grow well in acidic, well-drained soil.
Birch trees grow well in open ground.
Birch trees grow well in soils that are acidic.
Birch trees have distinctive white bark that peels away in thin layers.
Birch trees have white bark.
Bird excrement is an excellent fertilizer.
Bird is the word.
Bird lime accumulates on the boughs, which also seep gum, resin, pitch etcetera.
Bird watching is a nice hobby.
Bird watching, walking and other outdoor activities can be pursued in the area.
Bird's wings correspond to man's arms.
Bird-watching sounds like it might be fun.
Birdadette is a lilac bird with purple hair and light brown eyes.
Birders enjoy watching the birds, and the birds — native ones and those just migrating through — get some needed sustenance to survive in the growing urban sprawl.
Birds abound in the woods.
Birds always return to their nests.
Birds and beasts like tragic sounds, their ears are identical with the human ones.
Birds and bird-like creatures are symbolic of rebirth, creation and origins in various ancient myths.
Birds and crocodilians are archosaurs.
Birds and mammals are warm-blooded animals because they can keep their body temperatures constant regardless of the surrounding temperatures.
Birds and mammals store up food for the winter.
Birds are a common motif in Yiddish poetry and song.
Birds are animals which can fly.
Birds are awesome!
Birds are beautiful.
Birds are chirping in the trees.
Birds are chirping.
Birds are dangerous predators for tortoises and their eggs.
Birds are dangerous predators for turtles and their eggs.
Birds are descendants of dinosaurs.
Birds are descended from dinosaurs.
Birds are dinosaurs.
Birds are epic!
Birds are flying above the trees.
Birds are flying in the air.
Birds are flying in the sky.
Birds are flying straight into the sky.
Birds are free.
Birds are hot blooded.
Birds are indicators of the environment. If they are in trouble, we know we'll soon be in trouble.
Birds are living dinosaurs.
Birds are natural enemies of insects.
Birds are nature's perfection.
Birds are now flying in the sky.
Birds are one of the surest indicators of the health of the ecology.
Birds are our friends.
Birds are pecking at the grounds.
Birds are really cool!
Birds are singing here and there in the park.
Birds are singing in the trees.
Birds are technically reptiles.
Birds are the natural enemies of insects.
Birds are trapped by a lot of villagers.
Birds are twittering in the trees.
Birds are warm-blooded.
Birds are whistling in the trees.
Birds aren't real.
Birds began flying away in droves.
Birds build nests of twigs.
Birds build nests.
Birds came flying by twos and threes.
Birds can fly thousands of miles away and return to the same place every year.
Birds can fly.
Birds can see the Earth's magnetic field with their eyes.
Birds change the shape of their wings to turn and maneuver.
Birds change the shape of their wings to turn and manoeuvre.
Birds chirp in a courtyard as Ouidoh Sorogoui spins yarn at the entrance of her home, making clothes for other villagers.
Birds chirp.
Birds dig around in the ground.
Birds disturb the soil.
Birds don't care at all whether there's someone under them.
Birds don't have teeth.
Birds drink water.
Birds eat bread.
Birds eat insects.
Birds eat seeds.
Birds evolved from dinosaurs.
Birds feed on berries and corn seeds.
Birds flap their wings to fly.
Birds flew away at the sound.
Birds flew out of the magician's hat.
Birds fly effortlessly, and I envy their grace.
Birds fly in flocks.
Birds fly in the sky.
Birds fly long distances.
Birds fly not into our mouth ready roasted.
Birds fly south in the winter.
Birds fly south in winter.
Birds fly under the clouds.
Birds fly with their wings.
Birds fly.
Birds have a homing instinct.
Birds have beaks.
Birds have cloaca.
Birds have nests, spiders have webs and people have friendships.
Birds have nests, spiders have webs, and humans have friendship.
Birds have sharp eyes.
Birds have sharp vision.
Birds have their body covered with feathers.
Birds have two feet.
Birds have wings.
Birds in their little nests agree; And 'tis a shameful sight, When children of one family Fall out and chide and fight.
Birds know no borders.
Birds lay eggs.
Birds learn to fly by instinct.
Birds learn to fly instinctively.
Birds look a little silly when soggy.
Birds love rice.
Birds maiden-faced, but trailing filth obscene, / with taloned hands and looks for ever pale and lean.
Birds make a nest in the springtime to raise their babies in.
Birds make their nests in trees.
Birds of a feather flock together.
Birds of a feather will gather together.
Birds of prey don't sing.
Birds often fly together.
Birds rushed out of some bushes.
Birds scare me.
Birds sing at dawn.
Birds sing early in the morning.
Birds sing.
Birds sometimes cause accidents by getting in the way of airplanes.
Birds sometimes cuddle with their owner.
Birds started chirping again.
Birds take dust baths.
Birds usually wake up early in the morning.
Birds were chirping in the tree.
Birds were singing among the trees.
Birds were singing in the sky.
Birds were singing in the woods.
Birds were singing up in the tree.
Birds were tweeting in the bushes and whistling high above us in the trees.
Birds won evolution.
Birds, for instance, have a special protective device.
Birds-of-paradise are beautiful.
Birdy num num.
Bird’s wings correspond to man’s arms.
Birobidzhan didn't work for the simple reason that that land means nothing to Jews.
Birth and death are not the same.
Birth control is cheaper than pregnancy.
Birth control was still illegal in Canada in 1967; condoms were sold only for the prevention of disease.
Birth doesn't make you noble.
Birth is a miracle, you know.
Birth is evidently a major crime, since the penalty is death.
Birth is much, breeding is more.
Birth is never assured like death. And this is the reason that to be born is not enough. It is to be reborn that we are born.
Birth is the starting point for life's adventures.
Birth is, in a manner, the beginning of death.
Birth records are public.
Birthday events don't count.
Birthdays are important.
Birthdays are the rent we pay for life.
Birthdays remind us how quickly time travels.
Birthrates are too high.
Birx said it’s critical women are empowered and have the means to protect themselves.
Birx said that in states where governors have permitted beauty and nail salons to offer services again, it is good that beauticians, manicurists and customers have been wearing masks.
Biscuits can be frozen.
Biscuits, that's all he ever thinks about.
Bisexuality means attraction to two or more genders, not necessarily equally.
Bisexuals are not more hedonistic than members of other sexualities.
Bishkek is Kyrgyzstan's capital.
Bishkek is the capital of Kyrgyzstan.
Bishop and his colleagues, working with blood from Komodos, isolated peptides, or small proteins, produced by the reptiles' immune systems. The peptides, Bishop said, seem to have remarkable anti-bacterial properties.
Bishops, archbishops and abbots composed the high clergy.
Bishops, knights, rooks and queens can also be captured and removed from the board.
Biskra is the date capital of Algeria.
Bison from Buffalo, New York who are intimidated by other bison in their community also happen to intimidate other bison in their community.
Bison is a keystone species.
Bison is unique.
Bisphenol A — or BPA — is a common chemical used to make tough, shatter-resistant plastic.
Bissau is the capital of Guinea-Bissau.
Bit by bit and step by step, we all continued climbing.
Bit by bit, I will build up a massive collection for myself.
Bit by bit, I'm adapting to the harsh climate here.
Bit by bit, he could attract her with his behaviour.
Bit by bit, she recovered.
Bit by bit, the details of the plan were revealed.
Bit of a surprise, eh?
Bit of a worry with the way she dotes on her brother, isn't it?
Bit of a worry with the way she dotes on her brother, isn’t it?
BitTorrent has been hit by scareware.
Bitch, what's up?
Bitch.
Bitcoin and Ethereum are virtual currencies.
Bitcoin and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race.
Bitcoin destroys the planet so billionaires can launder money.
Bitcoin is a cryptocurrency.
Bitcoin is anti-inflation money.
Bitcoin is divisible by 100 million. 1 part is called satoshi.
Bitcoin is fiat by definition, since it cannot be exchanged for a fixed amount of any physical resource.
Bitcoin is just money.
Bitcoin is money that won't fail you stored in a bank that can't rob you.
Bitcoin is now worth more than $10,000.
Bitcoin is the best store of value.
Bitcoin mining uses more electricity in a year than the whole of Ireland.
Bitcoin uses more energy than most nations.
Bitcoin was invented by Satoshi Nakamoto.
Bitcoin will compete with gold as a store of value.
Bitcoin will do to banks what email did to the postal industry.
Bitcoin's price rose above $5,000 for the first time today.
Bite down on the cotton roll.
Bite down tightly, please.
Bite down, please.
Bite down.
Bite it!
Bite me!
Bite me.
Bite the bullet.
Bite together, please.
Bite your tongue!
Bite your tongue.
Bite.
Biting your fingernails is a bad habit.
Biting your nails is unsanitary.
Bits of glitter from art projects still cling to surfaces.
Bitten by a snake, one even dreads a string.
Bitter experience has taught me that happiness and wealth attract the envious. Unfortunately!
Bitter medicine will not necessarily do you good.
Bitter oranges are the principal ingredient in English marmalade.
Bitterly cold air is gripping America, while on the other side of the globe, Australia is sizzling as a record heatwave takes hold.
Bitterness and revenge are not part of my character. Life's too short. One shouldn't spend time on bitterness and revenge.
Biya said his military will henceforth show no mercy for those who continue to refuse to surrender and be forgiven.
Bizarre things started happening.
Björk is like another kind of being that was brought into this civilization. I admire her music.
Björn has never been to Liverpool.
Black Americans continued to suffer from racism.
Black Friday is the busiest shopping day of the year.
Black Friday sales attract shoppers.
Black Mamba is out.
Black Pete is racism.
Black Widow is my favorite Marvel character.
Black absorbs light.
Black and white cookies are a tasty treat.
Black and white films evoke a sense of nostalgia.
Black and white movies evoke nostalgia for classic cinema.
Black and white movies have a classic charm.
Black and white photographs never go out of style.
Black and white photography captures timeless moments.
Black and white photos are timeless.
Black and white photos capture history beautifully.
Black and white photos evoke nostalgia.
Black and white photos have a special charm.
Black and white television sets have gone out of date.
Black ants kept coming out of the holes.
Black beams shot across above our heads, with a smoke-darkened ceiling beyond them.
Black beans are a healthy source of protein.
Black beans improve cardiovascular health and provide high levels of antioxidants to protect against cancer.
Black bears are born climbers.
Black bears are not uncommon in this area.
Black bears have been spotted near the trail.
Black becomes you.
Black beetles are stronger than red beetles.
Black boots complemented her outfit beautifully.
Black boots completed his outfit.
Black cars are popular in the city.
Black cats are bad luck.
Black cats bring bad luck.
Black cats bring good luck.
Black cats have always been good luck for me.
Black cherries added a burst of flavor to the dessert.
Black children also have the right to be here.
Black cloth absorbs light.
Black clouds announced the coming thunderstorm.
Black clouds are gathering. It's going to rain.
Black clouds are gathering. It’s going to rain.
Black clouds began to come up.
Black clouds prevent us from seeing.
Black clouds spread over the sky.
Black clouds were passing above the city.
Black coats are in fashion this winter.
Black coffee is my morning ritual.
Black coffee is strong.
Black cutty pipes are decidedly in bad form.
Black diamonds sparkled in the light of the jewelry store.
Black eyeglasses cover the eyes of my blind colleague.
Black hair only! No piercings!
Black hens lay white eggs.
Black holes are extremely compact space objects that were once massive stars which collapsed inward due to the force of their own gravity.
Black holes are so dense that their gravitational pull can trap even light.
Black holes are the ultimate hard drive.
Black holes are very dense.
Black holes have such strong gravity that not even light can escape them.
Black holes still fascinate astronomers.
Black holes were once massive stars that used up all their fuel. As they died out, they collapsed inward due to the pull of their own gravity.
Black ink stains are stubborn.
Black is a color.
Black is a very common color for shoes.
Black is against white.
Black is beautiful.
Black is classic and stylish.
Black is depressing.
Black is his usual color choice.
Black jeans are a versatile wardrobe staple.
Black jeans are trendy.
Black leather chairs surrounded the table.
Black leather jackets are associated with a rebellious style.
Black licorice candy has a distinctive and bold flavor.
Black licorice candy tastes unique.
Black liquid was running out of the toilet.
Black lives matter too.
Black lives matter.
Black looks good on you.
Black makes you look slimmer.
Black money scandal, 11th of September, expenseuro, the Old Europe, Hartz IV, Madame Chancellor, fanmile, climatic catastrophe, financial crisis, wreckage bonus and citizen of anger are the last ten words of the year in Germany.
Black moved his white-squared bishop to g4, nailing the white knight on f3, which served as a shield for the queen on d1.
Black olives add a flavorful touch to salads.
Black olives and feta cheese adorned the salad.
Black olives and feta cheese made a delicious salad.
Black olives and feta cheese make a tasty combination.
Black olives are a staple in Mediterranean cuisine.
Black or white, a cat that catches mice is a great cat.
Black paper absorbs light.
Black people are not allowed to travel by the same coaches white people use.
Black people had to sit in the back of the bus, or stand if the back was full.
Black people in America once said, "Give us freedom".
Black people were compelled to work in cotton fields.
Black pepper adds a spicy kick to the dish.
Black pepper adds flavor.
Black peppercorns have to be ground before use.
Black phones are more expensive than white ones.
Black places the first stone at D5, and White responds by placing his first stone at F5. The dispute for territory starts near the board center.
Black plays E8 and captures the white stone on D8. On E8, the black stone is at Ko, that is, on the next move, White will be prohibited from capturing it by playing D8. White then plays E2, practically forcing Black to play E1. Now White can play D8 and capture the Ko stone.
Black responded to White's attack on the kingside by counterattacking in the center.
Black rhinos have fared better than other rhino species in recent years, but remain threatened by poachers who kill the animals for their horns.
Black rice has that color because squid ink is put on it.
Black sand comes from eroded volcanic material such as lava, basalt rocks, and other dark-colored rocks and minerals, and is typically found on beaches near volcanic activity.
Black sheep are rare in the flock.
Black shoes are a versatile choice for any outfit.
Black shoes are appropriate for formal occasions.
Black shoes complemented his suit perfectly.
Black shoes completed his formal attire.
Black shoes go with everything.
Black smoke billowed from the chimney.
Black smoke billowed from the factory chimney.
Black smoke came out of the chimney.
Black smoke spewed out of the third-story windows.
Black smoke was billowing out of the windows on the third floor.
Black smoke was pouring out the windows.
Black smoke was rising from the window.
Black storms shake the air.
Black suits you.
Black tea undergoes full oxidation, resulting in a rich, bold flavor and dark amber hue.
Black tea, please.
Black to move.
Black trans lives matter.
Black trans women suffer greater levels of harassment than other transgender individuals.
Black widows and brown recluse spiders occasionally hitch a ride to New York from out of state.
Black wins.
Black women and women of color have long been underrepresented in elected office.
Black women are absolutely beautiful.
Black's move occupied the last liberty that was left to five white stones, in two strings. Those five stones were thus captured and removed.
Black's move surrounds the white stone by occupying its last liberty. The white stone is thus captured and will be removed from the board.
Black-and-white TVs are obsolete.
Black-eyed beans add texture to dishes.
Black-eyed beans are a New Year's tradition.
Black-eyed beans are a Southern staple.
Black-eyed beans are a versatile ingredient.
Black-eyed beans are common in soul food.
Black-eyed beans are great for salads.
Black-eyed beans are high in protein.
Black-eyed beans are rich in fiber.
Black-eyed beans complement many dishes.
Black-eyed beans have a distinctive taste.
Black-eyed beans symbolize good fortune.
Black-eyed peas are a staple in Southern cuisine.
Black-eyed peas are a symbol of good luck.
Black-haired and gray-eyed he was, and his hands were those of one who works hard in the fields.
Black-sand beaches are common in Hawaii, the Canary Islands, and the Aleutians.
Blackbeard formed an alliance of pirates.
Blackbeard is one of the most famous pirates.
Blackbeard named his ship the Queen Anne's Revenge.
Blackbeard was a notorious English pirate.
Blackbeard was a very famous pirate.
Blackberries added a burst of flavor to the dessert.
Blackberries are ripe when they become black.
Blackbirds are songbirds common throughout Europe.
Blackboards are not always black.
Blackcurrant jam sweetened her morning toast.
Blacken the chicken by cooking it on the skillet on high heat for 10 minutes per side.
Blacken the circles next to the correct answers with an HB pencil.
Blacker than a moonless night, hotter and more bitter than hell itself... That is coffee.
Blackie makes a lot of noise while he eats.
Blackmail won't work on me.
Blackmailers make people, through the threat of scandal, pay them money or give them an advantage.
Blackpool is a coastal town.
Blackpool is a popular resort for short stays.
Blackpool is the symbol of a disappearing England.
Blacks are a visible minority.
Blacks need not apply.
Blacksmiths' children are not afraid of sparks.
Blah.
Blake has been coaching the team for two years in Iten, where a culture of competition pushes his athletes.
Blake loved to walk in the country round London.
Blame him for what he had done.
Blame is like the wind; if we see it, we feel it.
Blame it on the weather.
Blame me for everything.
Blame this rain!
Blame your predecessor.
Blame yourself!
Blame yourself.
Blame yourselves!
Blaming all Muslims for terrorism is unfair.
Blaming others doesn't help either.
Blaming others won't help.
Blaming the world serves no purpose.
Blaming your faults on someone else should be avoided.
Blaming your faults on someone else won't fix things.
Blaming your faults on someone else won't help.
Blanche Wagner is another orchid expert.
Blarney!
Blasphemy against the Holy Spirit is a victimless crime.
Blasphemy has no effect on anyone.
Blasphemy is a human right.
Blasphemy is a victimless crime.
Blast it!
Blast off!
Blast!
Blazio has a box of mushrooms.
Bleach is a caustic substance.
Bleach is a corrosive substance.
Bleach is a strong chemical used for cleaning.
Bleeding from her little finger, the nymphomaniac started a hot pursuit with the cops on a stolen raft.
Blegh! What kind of an excuse for coffee is this? I'm guessing you don't make it often?
Blend butter and flour before adding the other ingredients of the cake.
Blend milk and eggs together.
Blend the blue paint with the yellow paint.
Blend the egg whites at medium speed.
Blend the mixture together until it is smooth.
Blend the red paint with the blue paint.
Blenders are nice for people who really like smoothies.
Blesboks live in large herds.
Bless her heart.
Bless his heart.
Bless me, Father, for I have sinned or will sin.
Bless my heart!
Bless my soul.
Bless someone today.
Bless these little children.
Bless us.
Bless you for all your good works.
Bless you!
Bless you.
Bless your heart.
Bless your soul, my son.
Blessed You, our God, King of the world, for not making me a woman.
Blessed are You, Eternal, our God, Creator of the fruit of the vine.
Blessed are You, oh Lord, Who sustains everything.
Blessed are You, the Eternal, our God, King of the Universe, who has chosen us from all the nations and given us His Torah. Blessed are You, the Eternal, giver of the Torah.
Blessed are You, the Lord our God, King of the Universe, Who has made me according to His will.
Blessed are the cheesemakers.
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
Blessed are the humble.
Blessed are the ignorant.
Blessed are the meek, for they will inherit the earth.
Blessed are the merciful, for they themselves shall obtain mercy.
Blessed are the merciful: for they will be shown mercy.
Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called God's children.
Blessed are the peacemakers.
Blessed are the peacemakers: for they will be called children of God.
Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Blessed are the poor in spirit.
Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Blessed are the poor.
Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God.
Blessed are the pure in heart.
Blessed are they who expect nothing for they shall not be disappointed.
Blessed are those who are persecuted for righteousness sake: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Blessed are those who come back.
Blessed are those who give without remembering and take without forgetting.
