Sami doesn't use dating apps.
Sami doesn't use his iPhone much.
Sami doesn't use them.
Sami doesn't use this aquarium.
Sami doesn't usually carry that much cash with him.
Sami doesn't usually does this.
Sami doesn't usually drink very much.
Sami doesn't want Farid to date his sister.
Sami doesn't want Layla in his life.
Sami doesn't want Layla interfering with his plans.
Sami doesn't want Layla swimming without her bathing cap.
Sami doesn't want Layla to be a model.
Sami doesn't want Layla to be upset with him.
Sami doesn't want Layla to die.
Sami doesn't want Layla to do drugs.
Sami doesn't want Layla to go back to that salon.
Sami doesn't want Layla to know that Farid is his friend.
Sami doesn't want Layla to leave.
Sami doesn't want Layla to ruin Farid's birthday.
Sami doesn't want Layla to succeed.
Sami doesn't want Layla.
Sami doesn't want a fucking apology.
Sami doesn't want a long-time relationship.
Sami doesn't want a relationship with his father.
Sami doesn't want a relationship.
Sami doesn't want an apology.
Sami doesn't want an ex-con working at his office.
Sami doesn't want anybody to feel sorry for him.
Sami doesn't want anyone else using his computer.
Sami doesn't want anyone to pet his dog.
Sami doesn't want anyone to talk to his girlfriend.
Sami doesn't want anything from Layla.
Sami doesn't want anything to change.
Sami doesn't want his car to break down.
Sami doesn't want his family to judge him.
Sami doesn't want his father to go to jail.
Sami doesn't want his mother to see his tattoo.
Sami doesn't want his wife finding out about this.
Sami doesn't want me.
Sami doesn't want pizza.
Sami doesn't want that barrier to be between him and Layla.
Sami doesn't want that to happen to Layla.
Sami doesn't want the money.
Sami doesn't want the police to be involved in this.
Sami doesn't want this life anymore.
Sami doesn't want this to happen to anybody else.
Sami doesn't want this to happen to him.
Sami doesn't want this to keep happening.
Sami doesn't want this.
Sami doesn't want those apologies.
Sami doesn't want to argue.
Sami doesn't want to be alone.
Sami doesn't want to be around Layla anymore.
Sami doesn't want to be associated with that show.
Sami doesn't want to be here anymore.
Sami doesn't want to be here.
Sami doesn't want to be in a relationship.
Sami doesn't want to be in that relationship anymore.
Sami doesn't want to be in trouble by himself.
Sami doesn't want to be involved in something like this.
Sami doesn't want to be judgmental.
Sami doesn't want to be on TV.
Sami doesn't want to be on the news.
Sami doesn't want to be part of our family anymore.
Sami doesn't want to be part of that at all.
Sami doesn't want to be part of this.
Sami doesn't want to be rude to Layla.
Sami doesn't want to be rude to people.
Sami doesn't want to be rude.
Sami doesn't want to be surrounded by people like that.
Sami doesn't want to be that person.
Sami doesn't want to be that rude.
Sami doesn't want to be the next person.
Sami doesn't want to be there.
Sami doesn't want to be touched.
Sami doesn't want to be with Layla.
Sami doesn't want to believe it.
Sami doesn't want to bother Layla to drive him to work.
Sami doesn't want to break Layla's heart.
Sami doesn't want to change that.
Sami doesn't want to come back to Cairo.
Sami doesn't want to come back.
Sami doesn't want to convert to Islam.
Sami doesn't want to dance anymore.
Sami doesn't want to deal with Layla anymore.
Sami doesn't want to deal with Layla.
Sami doesn't want to deal with it.
Sami doesn't want to deal with this anymore.
Sami doesn't want to deal with this.
Sami doesn't want to die alone.
Sami doesn't want to die.
Sami doesn't want to do anything.
Sami doesn't want to do meth.
Sami doesn't want to do that.
Sami doesn't want to do this alone.
Sami doesn't want to do this job.
Sami doesn't want to drink.
Sami doesn't want to embarrass Layla in front of her mom.
Sami doesn't want to ever see Layla's face again.
Sami doesn't want to explain the story.
Sami doesn't want to fight.
Sami doesn't want to get Layla in trouble.
Sami doesn't want to get hurt.
Sami doesn't want to get in an argument with Layla.
Sami doesn't want to get in trouble anymore.
Sami doesn't want to get involved.
Sami doesn't want to get pulled over again.
Sami doesn't want to go into too much detail.
Sami doesn't want to go to college.
Sami doesn't want to go to jail for robbing purses. He wants to rob a bank.
Sami doesn't want to go to jail for that.
Sami doesn't want to go to the hospital.
Sami doesn't want to go to work.
Sami doesn't want to hang out with Layla.
Sami doesn't want to hang out with his co-workers.
Sami doesn't want to have a conversation.
Sami doesn't want to have anything to do with his ex.
Sami doesn't want to have anything to do with his girlfriend's ex.
Sami doesn't want to have kids with Layla.
Sami doesn't want to have sex with Layla.
Sami doesn't want to hear about that.
Sami doesn't want to hear anything about that.
Sami doesn't want to hear it again.
Sami doesn't want to hear the answer.
Sami doesn't want to hear this shit.
Sami doesn't want to hurt Layla's feelings.
Sami doesn't want to hurt Layla.
Sami doesn't want to hurt his ex.
Sami doesn't want to hurt his family.
Sami doesn't want to invade Layla's privacy.
Sami doesn't want to know the election results.
Sami doesn't want to know why.
Sami doesn't want to know.
Sami doesn't want to leave Layla again.
Sami doesn't want to leave.
Sami doesn't want to live downstairs.
Sami doesn't want to live in fear.
Sami doesn't want to live in this apartment.
Sami doesn't want to look stupid.
Sami doesn't want to lose his girlfriend.
Sami doesn't want to make Layla uncomfortable.
Sami doesn't want to make a video.
Sami doesn't want to marry Layla.
Sami doesn't want to meet Layla's dad either.
Sami doesn't want to meet Layla's dad.
Sami doesn't want to meet Layla's family.
Sami doesn't want to miss Layla's videos.
Sami doesn't want to miss that.
Sami doesn't want to miss the show.
Sami doesn't want to miss this.
Sami doesn't want to move to Egypt with Layla.
Sami doesn't want to offend Layla.
Sami doesn't want to offend anybody.
Sami doesn't want to offend anyone.
Sami doesn't want to pay child support.
Sami doesn't want to play this game.
Sami doesn't want to repay Layla by making things far worse.
Sami doesn't want to repeat the mistakes that he has made.
Sami doesn't want to reveal too much.
Sami doesn't want to ruin Layla's day.
Sami doesn't want to say anything.
Sami doesn't want to say her name.
Sami doesn't want to say that girl's real name.
Sami doesn't want to see Layla again.
Sami doesn't want to see Layla.
Sami doesn't want to see that.
Sami doesn't want to sit by Layla either.
Sami doesn't want to sleep in the attic.
Sami doesn't want to smoke weed tonight.
Sami doesn't want to smoke weed.
Sami doesn't want to speak with Layla and she respects that.
Sami doesn't want to speak with Layla.
Sami doesn't want to speak.
Sami doesn't want to stay here.
Sami doesn't want to talk about Layla.
Sami doesn't want to talk about his past.
Sami doesn't want to talk about it anymore.
Sami doesn't want to talk about it.
Sami doesn't want to talk about soccer.
Sami doesn't want to talk now.
Sami doesn't want to talk to Layla.
Sami doesn't want to talk to anybody.
Sami doesn't want to talk to people.
Sami doesn't want to talk.
Sami doesn't want to tell me.
Sami doesn't want to tell people about it.
Sami doesn't want to tell this story.
Sami doesn't want to testify.
Sami doesn't want to think about that.
Sami doesn't want to touch that disgusting bag.
Sami doesn't want to waste his time.
Sami doesn't want to waste time with this.
Sami doesn't want to watch Layla's videos anymore.
Sami doesn't want to watch the video.
Sami doesn't want to work at a nightclub.
Sami doesn't want to work here anymore.
Sami doesn't want to work tonight.
Sami doesn't want you in his life anymore.
Sami doesn't want you to come.
Sami doesn't want your help.
Sami doesn't watch Layla's YouTube videos.
Sami doesn't watch Layla's videos.
Sami doesn't watch Layla's vlogs.
Sami doesn't watch YouTube.
Sami doesn't watch this type of shit.
Sami doesn't wear jeans.
Sami doesn't wear pants.
Sami doesn't wear this t-shirt.
Sami doesn't wish that on anyone.
Sami doesn't work at Walmart.
Sami doesn't work at that church.
Sami doesn't work at that club anymore.
Sami doesn't work at that construction site anymore.
Sami doesn't work for Google.
Sami doesn't work for you.
Sami doesn't work here.
Sami doesn't work on Saturday.
Sami doesn't work there anymore.
Sami doesn't work there.
Sami doesn't worry about it.
Sami dog found a lost dog in the parking lot.
Sami dominated the people around him.
Sami donated all the money to an orphanage.
Sami donated his lands to the mosque.
Sami donated his wealth.
Sami donated some blankets.
Sami donated the money to an orphanage.
Sami donated the old books to a retirement house.
Sami doubled Layla's salary.
Sami doused Layla's apartment with gasoline.
Sami dove into his studies.
Sami downloaded Layla's video.
Sami downloaded a new app.
Sami downloaded a texting app.
Sami downloaded games.
Sami downloaded some videos for Layla.
Sami downloaded that app for free.
Sami downloaded that app.
Sami downloaded the app.
Sami downloaded the game for free.
Sami downloaded the game.
Sami downloaded the video for Layla.
Sami dragged Layla by her hair.
Sami dragged Layla into the garage.
Sami dragged Layla onto the road.
Sami dragged Layla's body into a closet.
Sami dragged himself outside.
Sami drank Layla's pee.
Sami drank Layla's urine.
Sami drank Red Bull.
Sami drank Zamzam water.
Sami drank a bottle of wine.
Sami drank a double shot.
Sami drank a few cups of tea.
Sami drank a glass of vinegar.
Sami drank a glass of water.
Sami drank a lemonade.
Sami drank a little bit more.
Sami drank a little bit.
Sami drank a lot of alcohol.
Sami drank a lot of lemonade.
Sami drank a lot.
Sami drank a shot of alcohol.
Sami drank a ton of margaritas.
Sami drank a whole bottle of wine.
Sami drank alcohol.
Sami drank all the wine.
Sami drank an entire bottle of wine.
Sami drank and smoked.
Sami drank apricot brandy.
Sami drank beer by the case.
Sami drank beer by the pool.
Sami drank beer.
Sami drank black coffee.
Sami drank bleach.
Sami drank cognac.
Sami drank dark soda all the time.
Sami drank even heavier.
Sami drank every day.
Sami drank his own liquor.
Sami drank more.
Sami drank most of the wine at the restaurant.
Sami drank out of Layla's glass.
Sami drank out of that glass.
Sami drank pee.
Sami drank red wine.
Sami drank rum.
Sami drank six beers.
Sami drank six drinks that night.
Sami drank six glasses of lemonade.
Sami drank six glasses of wine.
Sami drank some cheap drinks.
Sami drank some liquor.
Sami drank some type of vodka.
Sami drank some water.
Sami drank some wine and threw up the whole night.
Sami drank sugar-free Red Bull.
Sami drank that entire bottle.
Sami drank the entire bottle of wine.
Sami drank the juice.
Sami drank the milk.
Sami drank too many beers.
Sami drank two shots of whisky.
Sami drank urine.
Sami drank vodka.
Sami drank water from the Well of Zamzam.
Sami drank with his underage daughter.
Sami drank.
Sami dreads going out at night.
Sami dreads going out.
Sami dreamed himself wearing a dress.
Sami dreamed of a better future.
Sami dreamed of a life near the mountains.
Sami dreamed of a mansion of his own.
Sami dreamed of being on that show.
Sami dreamed of getting married.
Sami dreamed of living in Cairo.
Sami dreamed of moving to Cairo.
Sami dreamed of publishing a book some day.
Sami dreamed of stardom.
Sami dreamed that his shadow detached from his feet and started chasing him.
Sami dreamed that his shadow was chasing him.
Sami dressed Layla up like a Catholic schoolgirl.
Sami dressed as a Texas cowboy.
Sami dressed as a cowboy.
Sami dressed as a woman.
Sami dressed as an alien for Halloween.
Sami dressed cool.
Sami dressed exactly the same way as his friend.
Sami dressed in blue from head to toe.
Sami dressed in female clothing full time.
Sami dressed in female clothing.
Sami dressed in his wife's clothes.
Sami dressed in thick clothes to protect himself from the cold.
Sami dressed like a ninja assassin.
Sami dressed ridiculously.
Sami dressed up as Batman.
Sami dressed up as a girl for Halloween.
Sami dressed up as a gothic boy for Halloween.
Sami dressed up for Halloween.
Sami dressed up like a baby for Halloween.
Sami dressed very nice.
Sami dressed well.
Sami dresses a little strange.
Sami dresses as a woman.
Sami dresses like a Texan cowboy.
Sami drew a hasty conclusion.
Sami drew a little car.
Sami drew a portrait of Layla.
Sami drew his gun.
Sami drew nearer to God.
Sami drew nudes.
Sami drew really far away from Christianity.
Sami drew the line.
Sami drew this as a school project.
Sami drew this.
Sami drifted into Layla's life.
Sami drinks a lot of coffee.
Sami drinks alcohol.
Sami drinks at a bar.
Sami drinks coffee every day.
Sami drinks coffee.
Sami drinks cognac.
Sami drinks every day.
Sami drinks gallons of water.
Sami drinks some wine.
Sami drinks tequila.
Sami drinks the top shelf alcohol.
Sami drinks what tastes good to him.
Sami drinks wine.
Sami drinks.
Sami drives a Ford Focus.
Sami drives a luxury car.
Sami drives a luxury vehicle.
Sami drives a very expensive car.
Sami drives a very nice car.
Sami drives a yellow car.
Sami drives an old pick-up truck.
Sami drives an old pick-up.
Sami drives out of the city for work.
Sami drives.
Sami dropped Layla at her destination.
Sami dropped Layla home after the concert.
Sami dropped Layla off at the airport.
Sami dropped Layla off at the church.
Sami dropped Layla off at the mosque.
Sami dropped Layla off first and he dropped me off last.
Sami dropped Layla off in a secluded area.
Sami dropped Layla off on a street corner.
Sami dropped Layla off.
Sami dropped Layla's body down to the bottom of the lake.
Sami dropped a bomb in the interrogation room.
Sami dropped a bomb on Layla, telling her that he filed for divorce.
Sami dropped a bomb on Layla.
Sami dropped a heavy bolder on Layla's head.
Sami dropped a pill inside Layla's soda.
Sami dropped all his bad habits.
Sami dropped by Layla's house.
Sami dropped everything and ran away.
Sami dropped everything he was holding.
Sami dropped his ID.
Sami dropped his checkbook in Layla's car.
Sami dropped his debit card.
Sami dropped his dog's leash and it ran.
Sami dropped his girlfriend at college.
Sami dropped his gun.
Sami dropped his hat.
Sami dropped his money.
Sami dropped his phone behind the couch.
Sami dropped his phone on the dirt.
Sami dropped his phone.
Sami dropped his wallet.
Sami dropped my brother and I off at McDonald's.
Sami dropped off his kids at school.
Sami dropped off his kids at the church.
Sami dropped out college.
Sami dropped out of college.
Sami dropped out of high school.
Sami dropped out of school to focus full-time on making money at the club.
Sami dropped out of school.
Sami dropped out of university.
Sami dropped the backpack.
Sami dropped the gun as he ran away.
Sami dropped the hammer on Layla.
Sami dropped the murder weapon in a lake.
Sami dropped the oysters on the floor.
Sami dropped the shotgun in a neighbor's yard.
Sami dropped to the ground.
Sami drops by every once in a while.
Sami drove 600 miles to attend Layla's wedding.
Sami drove Layla around for hours.
Sami drove Layla back home.
Sami drove Layla crazy.
Sami drove Layla down there.
Sami drove Layla home.
Sami drove Layla nuts.
Sami drove Layla out of his apartment.
Sami drove Layla over to Farid's apartment.
Sami drove Layla to Farid's boutique.
Sami drove Layla to a hotel.
Sami drove Layla to a rehabilitation clinic.
Sami drove Layla to the airport.
Sami drove Layla to the hair salon.
Sami drove Layla to the mall to return those shoes.
Sami drove Layla to the mall.
Sami drove Layla to the plant nursery.
Sami drove Layla to the station.
Sami drove Layla up to school.
Sami drove Layla's blue Ford Focus.
Sami drove Layla's body to the woods and buried it there.
Sami drove Layla's car to his house.
Sami drove Layla's car.
Sami drove a Porsche and Layla a Jaguar.
Sami drove a Rolls Royce.
Sami drove a black Beamer.
Sami drove a blue Ford Focus.
Sami drove a blue car.
Sami drove a pick-up truck with a confederate flag on it.
Sami drove a salt truck.
Sami drove a sports car.
Sami drove all of us in his car.
Sami drove all the way over there.
Sami drove another hundred miles to Cairo.
Sami drove around the mall.
Sami drove at night.
Sami drove away, believing that Layla was safe.
Sami drove away.
Sami drove back home.
Sami drove back to his apartment in Cairo.
Sami drove back to his house.
Sami drove back to his side of town.
Sami drove back to the house.
Sami drove by Layla's house on Bakir Avenue.
Sami drove by Layla's house the day she went missing.
Sami drove by Layla's house.
Sami drove by, honking the horn.
Sami drove down that road.
Sami drove down the coast.
Sami drove down the main road.
Sami drove down to Cairo in his car.
Sami drove everyone home.
Sami drove for fifteen minutes.
Sami drove for five miles.
Sami drove for hours.
Sami drove for long hours between Cairo and Aswan.
Sami drove for several hours.
Sami drove for six hours.
Sami drove for six minutes.
Sami drove from Cairo to Alexandria just looking for Layla.
Sami drove from Cairo to Alexandria.
Sami drove his ass all the way down to Toronto.
Sami drove his brother's car.
Sami drove his car to the mechanic's.
Sami drove his dad's car.
Sami drove his gang of thieves to Layla's home.
Sami drove home.
Sami drove in the cold.
Sami drove me crazy.
Sami drove me home.
Sami drove nice cars.
Sami drove off with Layla.
Sami drove off.
Sami drove over to Layla's house.
Sami drove past Layla's apartment building.
Sami drove past Layla's house.
Sami drove past really fast.
Sami drove six hours to get here.
Sami drove straight to Mexico.
Sami drove the 600 stretch of highway to Cairo.
Sami drove the car at 160 miles an hour.
Sami drove the guy to that hospital.
Sami drove there by himself.
Sami drove there early in the morning.
Sami drove through Layla's neighborhood.
Sami drove through the meadow.
Sami drove to Cairo for a concert.
Sami drove to Cairo for a romantic weekend.
Sami drove to Cairo to deliver drugs.
Sami drove to Cairo to meet Layla.
Sami drove to Cairo to see Layla's Shiba Inu.
Sami drove to Cairo.
Sami drove to Layla's home.
Sami drove to Layla's house.
Sami drove to another party.
Sami drove to every place he could to get help.
Sami drove to her house.
Sami drove to his apartment complex.
Sami drove to his own home.
Sami drove to the Egyptian border.
Sami drove to the hospital.
Sami drove to the mosque.
Sami drove trucks for a concrete company.
Sami drove up to Layla's house.
Sami drove us back.
Sami drove us crazy.
Sami drove us home.
Sami drove us there.
Sami drove us to school.
Sami drove.
Sami drowned in a swimming pool.
Sami drowned in his pool.
Sami drowned in the swimming pool.
Sami drugged Layla and had sex with her.
Sami drugged Layla.
Sami drunk too much the night before.
Sami dug Layla's body up.
Sami dug a hole to bury his dog.
Sami dug deeper into Layla's life.
Sami dug even further.
Sami dug his rifle up.
Sami dug into Layla's case for a book.
Sami dug into Layla's personal life.
Sami dumped Layla for Salima.
Sami dumped Layla on Valentine's Day.
Sami dumped Layla's bloodied body in the woods.
Sami dumped Layla's body in a rural area.
Sami dumped Layla's body.
Sami dumped Layla's car in the woods.
Sami dumped Layla.
Sami dumped his girlfriend.
Sami dumped his mistress.
Sami dumped me right after he graduated.
Sami dumped that into the big trash can.
Sami dumped the box on Layla's porch.
Sami dumped the clothes he had worn during the crime.
Sami dumped the stolen car by a cemetery.
Sami dyed his hair blond.
Sami dyed his hair blue.
Sami dyed his hair multiple times.
Sami dyed his hair.
Sami e-mailed Layla a week later.
Sami e-mailed Layla back, introducing himself.
Sami e-mailed Layla every now and then.
Sami e-mailed Layla the address.
Sami e-mailed Layla.
Sami e-mailed his boss.
Sami e-mailed his mother.
Sami e-mailed his parents.
Sami e-mailed me at my business e-mail.
Sami e-mailed me.
Sami e-mailed that back to me.
Sami earned a lot of money selling weed.
Sami earned a lot of money.
Sami earned a substantial amount of money.
Sami earned good money.
Sami earned more than 600,000 dollars.
Sami earned quite a bit of money.
Sami earned the name Papa Bear.
Sami earned this through his hard work.
Sami earns a lot of money.
Sami earns a six-figure salary.
Sami earns only a fraction of what he used to earn when he did YouTube.
Sami eats a lot of fast food.
Sami eats a lot of popcorn.
Sami eats a peanut butter sandwich every day.
Sami eats a peanut butter sandwich every single day.
Sami eats at a sushi place.
Sami eats at that restaurant.
Sami eats chocolate ice cream all the time.
Sami eats clean food.
Sami eats healthy food.
Sami eats in the middle of the night.
Sami eats macaroni.
Sami eats pizza with French fries.
Sami eats rice.
Sami eats roaches.
Sami eats the cafeteria food.
Sami eats there.
Sami edited the video on Layla's computer.
Sami edited the video.
Sami educated Layla about Islam.
Sami educated people on that topic.
Sami elbowed his lawyer.
Sami embarked on a killing spree.
Sami embarrassed Layla and that's ridiculous.
Sami embarrassed Layla in front of Salima.
Sami embarrassed Layla in front of all her girlfriend.
Sami embarrassed Layla in front of everybody.
Sami embarrassed Layla in front of her manager.
Sami embarrassed Layla.
Sami embodied peacefulness and loving kindness.
Sami embodied that unholy mix of holy water and drugs.
Sami embraced Christianity.
Sami embraced Islam in a mosque in Cairo.
Sami embraced Islam six years ago.
Sami embraced Islam.
Sami embraced his homosexuality.
Sami emerged from his coma.
Sami emerged from the shadows.
Sami emotionally broke Layla.
Sami empathized with his mom.
Sami empathizes with transgender people.
Sami emptied Majid's wallet.
Sami emptied his beer can.
Sami emptied his safety deposit box the day Layla was killed.
Sami emptied the poisonous capsules into Layla's drink.
Sami emptied the whole clip on Layla.
Sami encountered a familiar face.
Sami encouraged Layla a little bit.
Sami encouraged Layla to come over.
Sami encouraged Layla to do it.
Sami encouraged Layla to do that.
Sami encouraged Layla to stop smoking weed.
Sami encouraged Layla to wear the hijab.
Sami encouraged tolerance and dialogue between Muslims and non-Muslims.
Sami endangered Layla's life.
Sami ended his first day of school and went home.
Sami ended his friendship with Layla.
Sami ended his own life.
Sami ended his relationship with Layla.
Sami ended the affair.
Sami ended the conversation there and immediately left.
Sami ended the conversation.
Sami ended the relationship.
Sami ended the video there.
Sami ended the video.
Sami ended up at the hospital.
Sami ended up becoming my best friend.
Sami ended up behind bars.
Sami ended up blocking Layla on Facebook.
Sami ended up blocking Layla.
Sami ended up calling Layla.
Sami ended up calling the police.
Sami ended up coming and sitting next to Layla.
Sami ended up coming home.
Sami ended up dancing with one of Layla's friends.
Sami ended up dating Layla.
Sami ended up dead.
Sami ended up disappearing.
Sami ended up falling back asleep.
Sami ended up falling out with Layla.
Sami ended up figuring it out.
Sami ended up finding about the affair.
Sami ended up finding his dog.
Sami ended up finding his phone in the backyard.
Sami ended up firing Layla.
Sami ended up getting Parkinson's.
Sami ended up getting arrested.
Sami ended up getting cheated on by that girl.
Sami ended up getting cheated on.
Sami ended up getting hired at Walmart.
Sami ended up getting home at six.
Sami ended up getting the role of Jesus in the church play.
Sami ended up getting with Layla.
Sami ended up going home.
Sami ended up going to Layla's house.
Sami ended up going to Layla's party.
Sami ended up going to the hospital.
Sami ended up having to confront Layla in person.
Sami ended up hugging Layla.
Sami ended up in Tahiti.
Sami ended up in a hospital.
Sami ended up in the firing line.
Sami ended up leaving.
Sami ended up looking at Layla's profile.
Sami ended up looking like an idiot.
Sami ended up losing the game.
Sami ended up losing.
Sami ended up marrying his high school sweetheart.
Sami ended up moving to Cairo.
Sami ended up moving to Egypt for a while.
Sami ended up moving to Egypt.
Sami ended up moving to a different department.
Sami ended up moving to a new unit in the same apartment complex.
Sami ended up moving.
Sami ended up quitting.
Sami ended up sitting next to Layla.
Sami ended up staying in that house for six hours.
Sami ended up storming off, going upstairs.
Sami ended up taking Layla and her kids in.
Sami ended up taking his shahada and converting to Islam.
Sami ended up taking six double shots.
Sami ended up telling me what happened between him and Layla.
Sami ended up texting Layla.
Sami ended up that night having sex with six different girls.
Sami ended up walking away.
Sami ended up watching the video.
Sami ended up working at that mall.
Sami ended up working there.
Sami ended up working with Walmart.
Sami endured a difficult childhood.
Sami endured a sustained attack involving at least three weapons.
Sami endured years of suffering.
Sami enjoyed Layla's company.
Sami enjoyed Layla's stories.
Sami enjoyed Layla's story.
Sami enjoyed Layla's video.
Sami enjoyed a lavish lifestyle.
Sami enjoyed a privileged life in Egypt.
Sami enjoyed being single.
Sami enjoyed doing this.
Sami enjoyed drinking.
Sami enjoyed his addiction to this game.
Sami enjoyed his job.
Sami enjoyed his work.
Sami enjoyed interacting with Layla.
Sami enjoyed it.
Sami enjoyed killing animals.
Sami enjoyed life fully.
Sami enjoyed life.
Sami enjoyed living out a fantasy life.
Sami enjoyed making videos.
Sami enjoyed seeing Layla drowning in her guilt.
Sami enjoyed that.
Sami enjoyed the attention.
Sami enjoyed the champagne.
Sami enjoyed the company of his camel.
Sami enjoyed the country lifestyle.
Sami enjoyed the fine things of life.
Sami enjoyed the movie.
Sami enjoyed the nightclub scene.
Sami enjoyed the story.
Sami enjoyed the video.
Sami enjoyed this video.
Sami enjoyed traveling the world.
Sami enjoyed watching those videos.
Sami enjoys Layla's stories.
Sami enjoys chocolate.
Sami enjoys photography.
Sami enjoys that.
Sami enjoys the bar scene.
Sami enjoys this video.
Sami enlisted in the Marine Corps.
Sami enrolled Layla into a new middle school.
Sami enrolled Layla into a new school.
Sami entered Layla's apartment.
Sami entered Layla's bedroom armed.
Sami entered Layla's bedroom.
Sami entered Layla's room.
Sami entered Layla's trailer.
Sami entered a new world of seduction and sex.
Sami entered ihram.
Sami entered the courtroom his back against the wall.
Sami entered the gate.
Sami entered the hotel with beer.
Sami entered the house.
Sami entered the mosque at six.
Sami entered the mosque.
Sami entered the store.
Sami envied Layla's lifestyle.
Sami envied the fact that Layla was Farid's actual child.
Sami envisioned himself as a savior.
Sami erased all of it.
Sami erased the number off his car window.
Sami erased the number off of his car window.
Sami escaped from custody.
Sami escaped his abductor.
Sami escaped in a stolen car.
Sami escaped soon after.
Sami escaped the flames through the window.
Sami escaped with barely a scratch.
Sami escaped.
Sami established a foundation.
Sami eulogized the man he murdered.
Sami evacuated for the hurricane.
Sami even bought a house for Layla.
Sami even bragged about how he fooled his wife.
Sami even explored witchcraft.
Sami even helped the legal department.
Sami even made death threats.
Sami even referred to his dog as his first child.
Sami even went to an island.
Sami eventually blocked Layla on Facebook.
Sami eventually came back to Egypt.
Sami eventually divorced Layla.
Sami eventually succumbed to Layla's charms.
Sami eventually told the whole story.
Sami eventually went away.
Sami evicted Layla.
Sami examined Layla's injury.
Sami examined the note Layla had left.
Sami excelled in everything academic.
Sami excelled in sports.
Sami excelled outside the classroom as well.
Sami excused himself and left the table.
Sami excused himself.
Sami executed Layla by shooting her two times in the head.
Sami executed his victims in his van.
Sami exhausted his appeals.
Sami exhibited a fascination for death and torture.
Sami exited his vehicle and fired six more times.
Sami exited the underground parking lot.
Sami expected Layla to be angry.
Sami expected Layla to come.
Sami expected Layla to kill herself.
Sami expected his cash back.
Sami expected life in his new homeland to be filled with love and excitement.
Sami expected me to believe this.
Sami expected nothing from Layla.
Sami expected to take over his father's job.
Sami experienced every father's worst nightmare. His daughter Layla was kidnapped and was never seen again.
Sami experienced his first great love.
Sami experienced hypothermia.
Sami experienced sleep paralysis.
Sami experienced something so similar to that.
Sami experienced the pain of an affair.
Sami experienced this phenomenon.
Sami experimented with acid.
Sami experimented with weed.
Sami explained Layla his situation.
Sami explained Layla how everything worked.
Sami explained all that in Arabic.
Sami explained everything to police.
Sami explained everything.
Sami explained how he got away.
Sami explained it to me.
Sami explained it.
Sami explained the same thing to Layla.
Sami explained the situation to Layla.
Sami explained the situation.
Sami explained the term.
Sami explained the whole thing to Layla.
Sami explained to Layla everything that was going on.
Sami explained to the cop what happened.
Sami explained to them the situation.
Sami explained to us how he did that.
Sami explained to us why he couldn't do that.
Sami explained what happened.
Sami explained what hijab is.
Sami explained what shahada was to Layla.
Sami explained why and how.
Sami explains this in the video.
Sami exploded.
Sami explored the room.
Sami exposed Layla on YouTube.
Sami exposed Layla's adulterous affair.
Sami exposed his stalker on YouTube.
Sami expressed anger and rage.
Sami expressed his condolences.
Sami expressed his fear to the psychiatrist.
Sami expressed his heart-felt thanks to Layla.
Sami expressed his pain about Layla's affair.
Sami expressed that accurately.
Sami expressed that in poetry.
Sami expressed that.
Sami extended his hand for help.
Sami extended his hand to Layla.
Sami extended his hands.
Sami faced a dilemma.
Sami faced a maximum of six hundred years behind bars.
Sami faced a serious charge.
Sami faced an automatic term of life in prison if convicted.
Sami faced deportation back to his native Egypt.
Sami faced eviction.
Sami faced his third murder trial.
Sami faced life in prison.
Sami faced peer pressure at school.
Sami faced possible life in prison.
Sami faced sixteen felony charges.
Sami faced some grave challenges.
Sami faced trial for six counts of murder.
Sami faces serious double digit prison time.
Sami faded into the background.
Sami failed Layla.
Sami failed his test.
Sami failed the polygraph.
Sami failed the quiz.
Sami failed the test.
Sami failed to appear at his court date.
Sami failed to appear at his hearing.
Sami failed to give police an audible address.
Sami failed to mention he was a convicted felon.
Sami failed to understand people.
Sami failed to yield and he hit the other car.
Sami faked his own death.
Sami falls into that category of people.
Sami fantasized about horrible thoughts.
Sami fantasized about killing his wife.
Sami fantasized on Layla.
Sami fasted during Ramadan.
Sami fasted the month of Ramadan.
Sami fasted throughout the whole three holy months.
Sami favored Layla a lot.
Sami faxed Layla the photograph.
Sami feared Layla might have taken her own life.
Sami feared for his family's safety.
Sami feared for his kids.
Sami feared for his safety.
Sami feared something was amiss.
Sami feared the infection on his leg would spread further.
Sami feared the worst.
Sami fed Layla all of her meals.
Sami fed Layla and her friends.
Sami fed Layla's flesh to his dogs.
Sami fed his cat.
Sami fed his cats in the backyard.
Sami fed his dog.
Sami fed his parrot whatever he was eating.
Sami fed on the spiritual nourishment that the church offered.
Sami fed the cat on the porch.
Sami fed the dog.
Sami feeds an outdoor cat.
Sami feels a little more comfortable talking about it now.
Sami feels a lot better now.
Sami feels affection for Layla.
Sami feels alone.
Sami feels alright but not exactly normal.
Sami feels bad about it to this day.
Sami feels bad.
Sami feels better now.
Sami feels better when Layla does this to him.
Sami feels better.
Sami feels fine.
Sami feels free now.
Sami feels good these days.
Sami feels guilty.
Sami feels he can't be a Christian anymore.
Sami feels insecure.
Sami feels insulted.
Sami feels like a man now.
Sami feels like shit today.
Sami feels like this is going to last for ever.
Sami feels more complete when he has a dog around.
Sami feels much better.
Sami feels really bad for doing that.
Sami feels really bad.
Sami feels rejected.
Sami feels safer in there.
Sami feels safer now.
Sami feels safer.
Sami feels so bad for Layla.
Sami feels so bad.
Sami feels so defeated.
Sami feels so guilty.
Sami feels so humiliated.
Sami feels so sad.
Sami feels so scared.
Sami feels the same way.
Sami feels uncomfortable.
Sami feels very creative when he is in the countryside.
Sami feels very creative when he's in the countryside.
Sami fell 26 storeys.
Sami fell asleep and when he woke up, it was six AM.
Sami fell asleep at about ten o'clock.
Sami fell asleep at about ten.
Sami fell asleep at midnight.
Sami fell asleep early at the party.
Sami fell asleep quickly.
Sami fell back asleep.
Sami fell back into his old ways.
Sami fell down directly to the floor.
Sami fell down like a baby.
Sami fell down.
Sami fell for Layla so hard.
Sami fell for Layla.
Sami fell for his housekeeper, Layla.
Sami fell for one of those co-eds.
Sami fell for one of those students.
Sami fell ill.
Sami fell in love with Egypt.
Sami fell in love with Islam.
Sami fell in love with Layla.
Sami fell in love with a Muslim girl named Layla.
Sami fell in love with a brunette called Layla.
Sami fell in love with a small village in Egypt.
Sami fell in love with his maid.
Sami fell in love with one of his female students.
Sami fell in love with someone.
Sami fell in love with that song.
Sami fell in love.
Sami fell in the bathroom and hit his head.
Sami fell into a deep depression.
Sami fell into a deep sleep for a few hours.
Sami fell into a severe depression.
Sami fell into a state of ecstasy during the dhikr.
Sami fell into my arms, crying and crying and crying.
Sami fell into the pool and drowned.
Sami fell into the pool.
Sami fell into the water.
Sami fell of the horse.
Sami fell off his bike.
Sami fell off his camel.
Sami fell off his horse.
Sami fell on his knees and begged Layla not to report him to the police.
Sami fell on his knees.
Sami fell on the floor.
Sami fell onto his knee.
Sami fell short of money.
Sami fell so hard for Layla.
Sami fell to his death.
Sami fell to his knees and was begging for his life.
Sami fell to his knees.
Sami fell to the ground and cut his hand.
Sami fell under Layla's spell.
Sami fell.
Sami felt God all the time.
Sami felt Layla hitting him but he couldn't feel anything.
Sami felt Layla staring at him all the time.
Sami felt Layla's eyes staring at him.
Sami felt Layla's hands on his shoulders.
Sami felt a little agitated.
Sami felt a little bit awkward.
Sami felt a little bit better about that.
Sami felt a little bit better.
Sami felt a little bit stressed.
Sami felt a little bit superior to his friends.
Sami felt a little tap on his shoulder.
Sami felt a little weird.
Sami felt a lot more comfortable there.
Sami felt a lot of guilt.
Sami felt a lot of pain.
Sami felt a needle hit his skin.
Sami felt a pit in his stomach.
Sami felt a tap on his shoulder.
Sami felt a tap on his shoulder. He turned around and it was Layla.
Sami felt a tug on his blanket.
Sami felt a very sharp pain.
Sami felt agitated.
Sami felt alone.
Sami felt amazing.
Sami felt angry and sad for those women.
Sami felt angry.
Sami felt anxious.
Sami felt ashamed.
Sami felt awful hanging up on Layla.
Sami felt awful.
Sami felt bad about that.
Sami felt bad about this.
Sami felt bad for Layla and even pitied her.
Sami felt bad for Layla.
Sami felt bad for that guy.
Sami felt bad.
Sami felt betrayed.
Sami felt brave.
Sami felt bullied.
Sami felt cold.
Sami felt comfort that there was hope for his marriage.
Sami felt comfortable around Muslims.
Sami felt comfortable being with that crowd.
Sami felt comfortable doing that.
Sami felt comfortable staying with his cousins.
Sami felt comfortable talking about that.
Sami felt comfortable with Layla.
Sami felt crazy.
Sami felt deeply indebted to Layla.
Sami felt disgusting.
Sami felt disrespected.
Sami felt dizzy and nauseous.
Sami felt embarrassed for Layla.
Sami felt excluded.
Sami felt far from the troubles and dangers of a big city.
Sami felt fucking bad.
Sami felt great.
Sami felt guilty.
Sami felt happier.
Sami felt happiness.
Sami felt he could be himself and wear what he wanted.
Sami felt he could impress Layla.
Sami felt he still had the upper hand.
Sami felt he was being watched.
Sami felt he was not ready to do that.
Sami felt he was ready for that.
Sami felt he was really out if his element.
Sami felt he was superior to Layla.
Sami felt he was worth something.
Sami felt he wasn't important.
Sami felt he wasn't needed in the world.
Sami felt he wasn't ready to convert to Islam.
Sami felt he wasn't ready to take the shahada.
Sami felt helpless and hopeless.
Sami felt helpless.
Sami felt his legs go weak.
Sami felt his stomach drop.
Sami felt hopeless.
Sami felt horrible.
Sami felt immediately nervous.
Sami felt immortal.
Sami felt incredible.
Sami felt insecure.
Sami felt insulted.
Sami felt intimidated.
Sami felt lazy.
Sami felt less and less comfortable and wanted to go home.
Sami felt like God had spoken to him.
Sami felt like Layla was disrespecting him.
Sami felt like Layla was giving him a second chance.
Sami felt like Layla was his soulmate.
Sami felt like a boss.
Sami felt like a complete failure as a person.
Sami felt like a king.
Sami felt like a victim.
Sami felt like he could do it.
Sami felt like he couldn't breathe.
Sami felt like he couldn't stop reading the Quran.
Sami felt like he didn't belong there.
Sami felt like he had known Layla his whole life.
Sami felt like he had lost control over his life.
Sami felt like he had some sort of untapped potential.
Sami felt like he knew Layla.
Sami felt like he was a different person.
Sami felt like he was about to drop and pass out.
Sami felt like he was becoming one with his couch.
Sami felt like he was dying.
Sami felt like he was in hell already.
Sami felt like he was in love with Layla.
Sami felt like he was missing something.
Sami felt like he was short of breath.
Sami felt like he was suffocating.
Sami felt like he was sweating.
Sami felt like his heart was breaking.
Sami felt like his whole life was over.
Sami felt like his whole world was falling apart.
Sami felt like it was a good choice.
Sami felt like it was a sign from God.
Sami felt like it was very important to mention that.
Sami felt like somebody was watching him.
Sami felt like someone was watching him.
Sami felt like something was missing.
Sami felt like that noise was a warning.
Sami felt lonely.
Sami felt manipulated.
Sami felt me looking at him.
Sami felt more secure.
Sami felt much better after he threw up.
Sami felt naked.
Sami felt nauseous.
Sami felt needed.
Sami felt neglected at home.
Sami felt nervous.
Sami felt numb.
Sami felt offended by that.
Sami felt offended.
Sami felt on edge.
Sami felt out of breath.
Sami felt outcast.
Sami felt overdressed.
Sami felt panicky.
Sami felt peace.
Sami felt pure happiness.
Sami felt real naked.
Sami felt real peace.
Sami felt really alone.
Sami felt really anxious.
Sami felt really awkward.
Sami felt really bad for Layla.
Sami felt really bad for having wasted a lot of time.
Sami felt really bad for them.
Sami felt really bad.
Sami felt really depressed.
Sami felt really dumb.
Sami felt really embarrassed.
Sami felt really intimidated.
Sami felt really lonely.
Sami felt really proud.
Sami felt really sad all the time.
Sami felt really terrible about that.
Sami felt really threatened.
Sami felt really uncomfortable.
Sami felt really uneasy.
Sami felt rejected.
Sami felt relieved.
Sami felt resentful.
Sami felt safe to open up emotionally.
Sami felt safe.
Sami felt safer.
Sami felt scared all the time.
Sami felt shitty for judging Layla.
Sami felt sick every time he walked into that shop.
Sami felt sick.
Sami felt small and insignificant.
Sami felt so accepted around those people.
Sami felt so afraid to talk to people about it.
Sami felt so angry.
Sami felt so at peace.
Sami felt so bad for Layla.
Sami felt so bad for those kids.
Sami felt so bad.
Sami felt so comfortable.
Sami felt so defeated.
Sami felt so dumb at that point.
Sami felt so embarrassed.
Sami felt so fucking sick.
Sami felt so good.
Sami felt so guilty about it.
Sami felt so guilty.
Sami felt so heavy.
Sami felt so helpless.
Sami felt so humiliated.
Sami felt so hurt.
Sami felt so impotent.
Sami felt so insecure.
Sami felt so isolated.
Sami felt so loyal to that gang.
Sami felt so much better after he did that.
Sami felt so overwhelmed.
Sami felt so sad.
Sami felt so sick.
Sami felt so sorry for Layla.
Sami felt so stupid.
Sami felt so ugly.
Sami felt so uncomfortable.
Sami felt so weak and so hungry.
Sami felt so weird in that house.
Sami felt so weird.
Sami felt somebody behind him.
Sami felt somebody behind me.
Sami felt someone touching his foot.
Sami felt someone was there the whole time.
Sami felt something hit his shoulder.
Sami felt something touch his foot.
Sami felt sorry for Layla.
Sami felt sorry for them.
Sami felt stupid.
Sami felt super insecure.
Sami felt super uncomfortable.
Sami felt tempted.
Sami felt terrible.
Sami felt terribly guilty.
Sami felt that Layla had killed his manhood.
Sami felt that Layla was being controlled by something else.
Sami felt that Layla was rejecting everything he had taught her.
Sami felt that Layla would go a good job.
Sami felt that Layla's betrayal was so deep.
Sami felt that Layla's life was in danger.
Sami felt that Layla's tone changed.
Sami felt that burning sensation.
Sami felt that guilt.
Sami felt that he was doing the right thing.
Sami felt that he wasn't ready to become a father.
Sami felt that he would have a good time at that club.
Sami felt that his life was without any meaning.
Sami felt that it wasn't fair.
Sami felt that knife right up against his neck.
Sami felt that need to apologize.
Sami felt that sense of freedom he had never felt before.
Sami felt that something was off.
Sami felt that the house was haunted.
Sami felt that way, too.
Sami felt that way.
Sami felt the Lord telling him not to do those things but he did them anyway.
Sami felt the heat and chose not to come to Layla's defense.
Sami felt the loss.
Sami felt the need to clarify that.
Sami felt the need to do that.
Sami felt the needle press up against his skin.
Sami felt the pain slowly go away.
Sami felt the pain.
Sami felt the same way.
Sami felt the timing wasn't right.
Sami felt there was some type of presence in that room.
Sami felt there was something missing in his life.
Sami felt there was something pushing into his back.
Sami felt this weird feeling like someone was watching him.
Sami felt trapped.
Sami felt tricked.
Sami felt unable to do anything.
Sami felt uncomfortable around that girl.
Sami felt uncomfortable.
Sami felt underdressed.
Sami felt unimportant.
Sami felt unsatisfied.
Sami felt very bad for Layla.
Sami felt very creative.
Sami felt very fine.
Sami felt very insecure about this.
Sami felt very relieved.
Sami felt very sad and disappointed at Layla.
Sami felt very sad.
Sami felt very safe in Cairo.
Sami felt very sleepy.
Sami felt very tired.
Sami felt very unsafe.
Sami felt vindicated.
Sami figured out Layla's tactic.
Sami figured out everywhere Layla had gone.
Sami figured out how he would do it.
Sami figured out this alone.
Sami figured that out pretty quickly.
Sami filed a police report.
Sami filed a report against Layla.
Sami filed an injunction against the school board.
Sami filed for divorce in Cairo.
Sami filed for divorce.
Sami filed for full custody of his daughter.
Sami filled Layla's Easter basket to the brim.
Sami filled a glass with antifreeze.
Sami filled out more paperwork.
Sami filled out some paperwork.
Sami filled out the intake form.
Sami filled out the paperwork.
Sami filled out the worksheet.
Sami filled the form out.
Sami filled the glass with wine.
Sami filled the paperwork out.
Sami filled the teddy bear with pills.
Sami filled up his dog's water dish.
Sami filmed Layla's disgusting bathroom.
Sami filmed a hilarious video.
Sami filmed a lengthy video.
Sami filmed a lot of videos.
Sami filmed a new video.
Sami filmed a really long video.
Sami filmed a video of himself.
Sami filmed a video on the rollercoaster.
Sami filmed another video.
Sami filmed himself on the rollercoaster.
Sami filmed his first YouTube video in 2016.
Sami filmed his last video on Saturday.
Sami filmed more than a hundred videos in Egypt.
Sami filmed some videos.
Sami filmed that with his cellphone.
Sami filmed the front of Layla's house.
Sami filmed the movie in Egypt.
Sami filmed the video for YouTube.
Sami filmed the video for his YouTube channel.
Sami filmed the video in his room.
Sami filmed the video with no studio lights.
Sami filmed the video yesterday.
Sami filmed the video.
Sami filmed this really quickly.
Sami filmed this video in his room.
Sami filmed this video outside.
Sami filmed this with a hidden camera.
Sami finally came to the party.
Sami finally came to.
Sami finally came.
Sami finally confessed that he was having an affair with Layla.
Sami finally decided to go to sleep.
Sami finally emerged from the coma.
Sami finally found Layla.
Sami finally got back to his house at six in the morning.
Sami finally got his day in court.
Sami finally got the courage to ask Layla out.
Sami finally got there.
Sami finally got to Egypt.
Sami finally got to the pool.
Sami finally looked at me.
Sami finally met Layla.
Sami finally moved forward.
Sami finally mustered up the courage to call the police.
Sami finally responded to all of Layla's messages.
Sami finally resurfaced in Cairo.
Sami finally saw his chance to pounce.
Sami finally spoke.
Sami finally talked.
Sami finally texted Layla back.
Sami finally told Layla the truth.
Sami finally took the stand.
Sami finally understood God's love.
Sami finally understood the Lord's love.
Sami finally woke up.
Sami find that weird.
Sami find this really weird.
Sami finds Layla attractive.
Sami finds it really hard to trust Layla.
Sami finds that weird.
Sami finds this creepy.
Sami finds this embarrassing.
Sami finds this interesting.
Sami finds this kind of weird.
Sami finds this normal.
Sami finds this really boring.
Sami finds this really hard to understand.
Sami finds this really hard.
Sami finds this really sad.
Sami finds this really strange.
Sami finds this really weird.
Sami finds this so annoying.
Sami finds this so creepy.
Sami finds this so ridiculous.
Sami finds this so weird.
Sami finds this totally fine.
Sami finds this very annoying.
Sami finds this very confusing.
Sami finds this very interesting.
Sami finds this weird.
Sami finished a quarter of the bottle.
Sami finished a whole bottle of vodka.
Sami finished brushing his hair.
Sami finished college.
Sami finished eating the donuts.
Sami finished eating.
Sami finished filming the video.
Sami finished having sex with Layla.
Sami finished high school.
Sami finished his Skype conversation.
Sami finished his assignment.
Sami finished his drink and threw the cup away.
Sami finished his exam.
Sami finished his glass of champagne.
Sami finished his license degree.
Sami finished his meal.
Sami finished his paper route.
Sami finished his prayer.
Sami finished his project.
Sami finished his round of golf.
Sami finished his semester.
Sami finished his shift.
Sami finished his story.
Sami finished his test.
Sami finished his two years of military service.
Sami finished his video inside.
Sami finished his work.
Sami finished off his church service.
Sami finished packing his needs.
Sami finished serving his sentence.
Sami finished talking to his neighbor.
Sami finished teaching.
Sami finished telling the cops everything.
Sami finished the school year.
Sami finished the transaction and left.
Sami finished vacuuming.
Sami finished washing his hands.
Sami finished washing the windows.
Sami finished watching the video.
Sami finished watching the videos.
Sami finished working on his project.
Sami finished writing something in his notebook.
Sami fired Layla because she didn't come in on a mandatory day.
Sami fired Layla because she didn't show up on a mandatory day.
Sami fired Layla.
Sami fired a couple of rounds.
Sami fired a lot of people.
Sami fired a round that went through the screen door.
Sami fired a shot at a feral dog.
Sami fired a warning shot.
Sami fired all of his strippers.
Sami fired and missed.
Sami fired and shot the intruder with precision.
Sami fired first.
Sami fired his gun.
Sami fired his maid.
Sami fired his strippers and twerkers.
Sami fired his weapon.
Sami fired many people.
Sami fired right into Layla's head.
Sami fired some shots and hit Layla.
Sami fired that boy.
Sami fired the first shot into Layla's chest.
Sami fired the gun in a fit of rage.
Sami fired the gun.
Sami fired them all.
Sami fired.
Sami firmly believes that Farid killed his wife.
Sami firmly believes this.
Sami first came to Canada 36 years ago as an Egyptian immigrant.
Sami first saw Layla in 2006.
Sami first started working at Walmart in 2006.
Sami first thought it was an accident.
Sami fits in best with people who are just like him.
Sami fixed Layla's bicycle.
Sami fixed Layla's car for the bargain price of 60 dollars.
Sami fixed Layla's car.
Sami fixed his car bumper.
Sami fixed his car.
Sami fixed it very fast.
Sami fixed that last week.
Sami fixed the circuit breaker.
Sami fixed the dishwasher.
Sami fixed the engine seconds after opening the hood.
Sami fixed the fence.
Sami fixed the house up so he could sell it.
Sami fixed the problem.
Sami fixed the sink.
Sami fixed up the store.
Sami flagged Layla's sexual video.
Sami flagged down a police cruiser.
Sami flattered Layla's ego.
Sami flaunted his infidelity out in the open.
Sami fled from the scene.
Sami fled into a bedroom.
Sami fled the house.
Sami fled the scene.
Sami fled to Egypt to avoid arrest.
Sami fled to Egypt with his child.
Sami fled to Egypt.
Sami fled to his mother's house.
Sami flew all the way from Egypt to Canada to teach Layla about Islam.
Sami flew back to Egypt.
Sami flew down to Florida.
Sami flew into a wild rage.
Sami flew off the handle.
Sami flew out of this airport.
Sami flew through the ceiling.
Sami flew to Cairo from Toronto.
Sami flew to Cairo to attend a networking event.
Sami flew to Egypt that night.
Sami flew under his own name.
Sami flew under my radar.
Sami flipped out.
Sami flipped the mattress.
Sami flirted a lot with female customers.
Sami flirted with Layla.
Sami flirted with the waitresses.
Sami flooded Layla's comment section with insults.
Sami flung his arms behind him.
Sami flung the dog feces onto Layla's doorstep.
Sami flushed Layla's pictures down the toilet.
Sami flushed the toilet and walked out of the stall.
Sami flushed the toilet.
Sami focused on college.
Sami focused on his career.
Sami focused on his fight for his children.
Sami focused on his issues.
Sami focused on his school work.
Sami focused on raising his kids.
Sami focused on that.
Sami focused so much on this.
Sami folded his laundry on that table.
Sami folded the clothes.
Sami followed Christ.
Sami followed Jesus.
Sami followed Layla around the school.
Sami followed Layla around.
Sami followed Layla back to her office.
Sami followed Layla back to the table.
Sami followed Layla home.
Sami followed Layla in here.
Sami followed Layla into another room.
Sami followed Layla into her apartment building.
Sami followed Layla into her house.
Sami followed Layla into the bathroom.
Sami followed Layla into the building.
Sami followed Layla into the supermarket.
Sami followed Layla on Facebook.
Sami followed Layla on Instagram and she followed him back.
Sami followed Layla on Instagram.
Sami followed Layla on Snapchat.
Sami followed Layla on Tumblr.
Sami followed Layla on Twitter.
Sami followed Layla out of the bar.
Sami followed Layla outside of school.
Sami followed Layla to her building.
Sami followed Layla to her home.
Sami followed Layla to her office.
Sami followed Layla to the back of the room.
Sami followed Layla to the gym.
Sami followed Layla to the next room.
Sami followed Layla to this store.
Sami followed Layla until she got to the door.
Sami followed Layla's footsteps in the snow.
Sami followed Layla's instructions.
Sami followed Layla's sister on Facebook.
Sami followed Layla's teachings.
Sami followed Layla.
Sami followed a very rigorous system.
Sami followed a very strict system.
Sami followed his instincts.
Sami followed in his brother's footsteps.
Sami followed me around the neighborhood.
Sami followed me into my apartment building.
Sami followed my sister down the hallway.
Sami followed the blond-haired woman out of the store.
Sami followed the blond-haired woman.
Sami followed the crowd.
Sami followed the girl.
Sami followed the tracks.
Sami followed the water downstream.
Sami followed us from the store to our apartment building.
Sami follows Layla everywhere.
Sami follows Layla on Instagram.
Sami follows Layla on Twitter to this day.
Sami follows Layla on Twitter.
Sami follows Layla on all her social media.
Sami follows Layla on other social media.
Sami follows Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami follows Layla's vlog channel.
Sami follows my Instagram.
Sami follows the Hanafi madhab.
Sami follows the Hanbali school.
Sami fooled every person around him, including his wife.
Sami fooled everyone at the clinic.
Sami fooled everyone.
Sami fooled his family.
Sami fooled his whole family.
Sami fooled the police.
Sami forced Layla out of the office.
Sami forced Layla to be a drug mule.
Sami forced Layla to drink beer and wine.
Sami forced Layla to drink.
Sami forced Layla to eat food with vomit in it.
Sami forced Layla to go with him.
Sami forced Layla to help dispose of Farid's body.
Sami forced Layla to lie.
Sami forced Layla to sign the document.
Sami forced Layla to steal.
Sami forced Layla to watch the movie.
Sami forced Layla to wear the hijab.
Sami forced Layla to write a confession that implicated her and her lover in Farid's death.
Sami forced his way into the house before attacking Layla.
Sami forced the door open.
Sami forgave Layla for her infidelity.
Sami forgave Layla for shooting him.
Sami forgave Layla for the affair.
Sami forgave Layla publicly.
Sami forgave Layla's affair but didn't forget it.
Sami forgave Layla.
Sami forgave us.
Sami forged a prescription.
Sami forgot Layla's name.
Sami forgot Layla's number.
Sami forgot Layla's phone number.
Sami forgot Layla's room number.
Sami forgot Layla.
Sami forgot about the whole thing.
Sami forgot about this.
Sami forgot everything that happened.
Sami forgot his Facebook username.
Sami forgot his bathing cap.
Sami forgot his gift card at the office.
Sami forgot his jacket at his house.
Sami forgot his number.
Sami forgot his password.
Sami forgot his suitcase in the trunk of Layla's car.
Sami forgot his wallet at home.
Sami forgot it was April fool's day.
Sami forgot some folders at home.
Sami forgot something and went out to fetch it.
Sami forgot that.
Sami forgot the address.
Sami forgot the appointment with Layla.
Sami forgot the gun was there.
Sami forgot the word.
Sami forgot this advice.
Sami forgot this.
Sami forgot to brush his teeth.
Sami forgot to clock in.
Sami forgot to close the attic.
Sami forgot to close the door.
Sami forgot to introduce Layla to Salima.
Sami forgot to lock the door.
Sami forgot to mention that.
Sami forgot to mention this.
Sami forgot to pack the raincoats.
Sami forgot to say this.
Sami forgot to tell Layla.
Sami forgot where he put his weed.
Sami forgot who he was and what he was worth.
Sami forgot why he did that.
Sami formed his own polo team.
Sami formed his own team.
Sami formulated a business model.
Sami fought Farid on Rami's behalf.
Sami fought Farid on the school bus.
Sami fought Farid.
Sami fought a drunk guy.
Sami fought a gay boy.
Sami fought a lot.
Sami fought all the time.
Sami fought back.
Sami fought bravely against a savage killer.
Sami fought for Layla.
Sami fought for his beliefs.
Sami fought for his life but it was no use.
Sami fought for his life.
Sami fought frequently with his mother.
Sami fought hard for his life.
Sami fought much of Farid's battles in school.
Sami fought with his father.
Sami fought with his stepfather.
Sami fought with the SAS in Iraq.
Sami found Egypt a wonderful country.
Sami found Farid hanging in the garage.
Sami found Islam an amazing religion.
Sami found Layal's car in the driveway.
Sami found Layla a job.
Sami found Layla a school.
Sami found Layla a taxi.
Sami found Layla a wonderful dress.
Sami found Layla again on Facebook.
Sami found Layla an amazing Buddhist teacher.
Sami found Layla and brought her here.
Sami found Layla dead in the pool.
Sami found Layla giving a blow job to a guy in the supply closet.
Sami found Layla giving head to Farid in the laundromat.
Sami found Layla hiding in his closet.
Sami found Layla in a fast-food parking lot.
Sami found Layla in bed with someone else.
Sami found Layla in bed without a pulse.
Sami found Layla in the hallway.
Sami found Layla in the jungle.
Sami found Layla inside his apartment, holding a gun.
Sami found Layla lying face up on the floor.
Sami found Layla on Facebook.
Sami found Layla on Snapchat.
Sami found Layla on Tinder.
Sami found Layla shot to death in their home.
Sami found Layla so pretty.
Sami found Layla still sitting in the car.
Sami found Layla unconscious in her room.
Sami found Layla very attractive.
Sami found Layla very pretty.
Sami found Layla's Facebook on her Tinder account.
Sami found Layla's Facebook page.
Sami found Layla's Snapchat name.
Sami found Layla's Snapchat.
Sami found Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami found Layla's address.
Sami found Layla's baby in its crib.
Sami found Layla's body around six thirty.
Sami found Layla's call and he palled over to call her back.
Sami found Layla's car in the parking lot.
Sami found Layla's car.
Sami found Layla's clothes hanging up in his room.
Sami found Layla's credit card.
Sami found Layla's diary in a drawer.
Sami found Layla's dog on a busy road.
Sami found Layla's dog playing outside.
Sami found Layla's dog.
Sami found Layla's e-mail address.
Sami found Layla's gift in the trunk of his car.
Sami found Layla's journal and read it.
Sami found Layla's journal.
Sami found Layla's name on Snapchat.
Sami found Layla's necklace.
Sami found Layla's note in the cash register.
Sami found Layla's number in the phone book.
Sami found Layla's number.
Sami found Layla's panties behind the bathroom door.
Sami found Layla's phone number.
Sami found Layla's phone on the floor, by the washing machine.
Sami found Layla's pills and stole them.
Sami found Layla's pills.
Sami found Layla's pregnancy test.
Sami found Layla's ring.
Sami found Layla's shotgun.
Sami found Layla's steroids and he threw them away in the trash.
Sami found Layla's text messages.
Sami found Layla's tweet.
Sami found a bag of dog feces in his backyard.
Sami found a bee in his drink.
Sami found a beetle in his drink.
Sami found a black trash bag in the attic.
Sami found a bobby pin under his bed.
Sami found a body buried in his backyard.
Sami found a body in the tent.
Sami found a body in the woods and reported it to the police.
Sami found a body on the floor.
Sami found a bug in his drink.
Sami found a bug in the salad.
Sami found a camera in the park.
Sami found a can of diesel fuel in Layla's room.
Sami found a canister leaking gas in the kitchen.
Sami found a car there.
Sami found a case of raspberries in the fridge.
Sami found a cat in the apartment.
Sami found a cat under his car.
Sami found a cave big enough to sleep in.
Sami found a cave on the island.
Sami found a clip of the documentary.
Sami found a computer and turned it on.
Sami found a condom in his room.
Sami found a condom in the toilet.
Sami found a container of antifreeze in the kitchen garbage.
Sami found a copy of the Quran in the church library.
Sami found a cute kitten under his cat.
Sami found a daycare that he did like.
Sami found a dead bug in his drink.
Sami found a dead cat in the backyard.
Sami found a dead dog in his backyard.
Sami found a dead owl in the attic.
Sami found a dead rat in the driveway.
Sami found a dime.
Sami found a feather in the car.
Sami found a fly in his drink.
Sami found a good daycare.
Sami found a good deal online.
Sami found a good hiding place.
Sami found a grocery bag.
Sami found a handprint outside of his window.
Sami found a huge spider in the barn.
Sami found a huge tarantula in the attic.
Sami found a job at the local supermarket.
Sami found a job in Egypt.
Sami found a kitten under his house.
Sami found a lesbian couple smashing in the bathroom.
Sami found a line outside the bar.
Sami found a little baby in the basement.
Sami found a little dog in his backyard.
Sami found a little roach in his drink.
Sami found a lost dog on the beach.
Sami found a lot about Layla on Facebook.
Sami found a more permanent place to stay.
Sami found a new job with a soft-drink company.
Sami found a path to enlightenment.
Sami found a phone behind the couch.
Sami found a place in Cairo.
Sami found a place to rent.
Sami found a professional camera on the beach.
Sami found a puddle of dried blood.
Sami found a purse full of credit cards.
Sami found a ring in Layla's lingerie.
Sami found a roach in his drink.
Sami found a skull in the cave.
Sami found a stack of letters addressed to Layla.
Sami found a ton of people down there.
Sami found a ton of people there.
Sami found a water source on the island.
Sami found a way to keep himself amused.
Sami found a way to make a little extra money.
Sami found a wonderful topic to write about.
Sami found airline tickets in Layla's room.
Sami found all of the letters.
Sami found all the cabinets open.
Sami found an affordable dress.
Sami found an interesting book at the local library.
Sami found an old photo album in the attic.
Sami found another excuse to delay the wedding.
Sami found another victim.
Sami found another way to make money.
Sami found blood on the couch.
Sami found cat shit in his garage.
Sami found cigarette butts everywhere.
Sami found cigarettes in his room.
Sami found cigarettes in the drawer.
Sami found cigarettes on his desk.
Sami found dog droppings in his backyard.
Sami found dog poop in the kitchen.
Sami found dog shit in his backyard.
Sami found dog shit in the trunk of his car.
Sami found drug paraphernalia in Layla's bag.
Sami found everything he needed.
Sami found feces all over his bathroom.
Sami found funny-looking tracks in the garden.
Sami found hair in the dishwasher.
Sami found hair in the drain of the bathtub.
Sami found hair on the floor.
Sami found himself a part-time job.
Sami found himself alone.
Sami found himself drawn to Layla's charm.
Sami found himself drawn to the beautiful hairdresser.
Sami found himself face trial for murdering his wife.
Sami found himself gravitating towards that person.
Sami found himself in a hospital bed.
Sami found himself in custody and in deep trouble.
Sami found himself in the middle of a real-life horror story.
Sami found himself spiralling out of control.
Sami found himself surrounded by Muslims.
Sami found his dog a new home in the country.
Sami found his dog sitting there.
Sami found his dog.
Sami found his happiness in Islam.
Sami found his help in God.
Sami found his iPod in Layla's backpack.
Sami found his iPod in Layla's car.
Sami found his keys on the couch.
Sami found his kids in the house alone.
Sami found his money.
Sami found his piggy bank in Layla's room.
Sami found his place in the world.
Sami found his shit.
Sami found his soda in Layla's fridge.
Sami found his soulmate.
Sami found his way home.
Sami found his weed.
Sami found his wife dead in the bathtub.
Sami found it very hard to get a new job.
Sami found kittens in the barn.
Sami found lots of child porn on Farid's phone.
Sami found lots of things that didn't make sense in the Bible.
Sami found love in Cairo.
Sami found meth stashed under his bed.
Sami found more droplets of blood on the wall.
Sami found my YouTube channel.
Sami found my YouTube videos.
Sami found my videos on YouTube.
Sami found no one in the house.
Sami found notes from boys inside Layla's backpack.
Sami found out Farid was gay.
Sami found out Layla was the murderer.
Sami found out Layla's phone number.
Sami found out about Layla was having an affair.
Sami found out about Layla's affair.
Sami found out about Layla's infidelity.
Sami found out about Layla's lover.
Sami found out about Layla.
Sami found out about that date between Layla and Farid.
Sami found out about that.
Sami found out about the affair.
Sami found out about this.
Sami found out his neighbor was in the KKK.
Sami found out that Farid slept with his ex.
Sami found out that Layla had a crush on him.
Sami found out that Layla had an affair.
Sami found out that Layla had another boyfriend.
Sami found out that Layla had converted to Islam.
Sami found out that Layla had run away.
Sami found out that Layla was Mr. Bakir's daughter.
Sami found out that Layla was a prostitute.
Sami found out that Layla was cheating on him.
Sami found out that Layla was having an affair with a friend of his.
Sami found out that Layla was in fact Farid.
Sami found out that Layla was on dating websites.
Sami found out that Layla was pregnant.
Sami found out that Layla went back to her ex-boyfriend.
Sami found out that he had cancer.
Sami found out that his girlfriend was cheating on him.
Sami found out that his neighbor was a Grand Dragon in the KKK.
Sami found out that nobody knew where Layla was.
Sami found out that that was a lie.
Sami found out where Layla lived.
Sami found out where Layla worked.
Sami found out where he worked.
Sami found out who Layla was.
Sami found out who stole his phone.
Sami found out who that person was.
Sami found out.
Sami found people sleeping in his bed.
Sami found piss everywhere.
Sami found piss in his bathroom.
Sami found piss in the bathtub.
Sami found poop on the wall.
Sami found redemption at church.
Sami found roaches everywhere.
Sami found rose petals sprinkled across the bed.
Sami found serious mistakes in the Bible.
Sami found shit all over the toilet seat.
Sami found shit behind the toilet seat.
Sami found shit everywhere.
Sami found shit in his bedroom.
Sami found shit in his car.
Sami found shit in his kitchen.
Sami found shit in his room.
Sami found six marijuana bricks in Layla's trunk.
Sami found six missed calls on his phone.
Sami found sleeping pills in Layla's purse.
Sami found soiled panties in the bathroom.
Sami found some cocaine in the bathroom.
Sami found some money on the couch.
Sami found some strange objects lying around his apartment.
Sami found some trans people really attractive.
Sami found some weed in Layla's closet.
Sami found that a little bit weird.
Sami found that amazing.
Sami found that annoying.
Sami found that book extremely interesting.
Sami found that embarrassing.
Sami found that entertaining.
Sami found that everything in the Quran was logical.
Sami found that extremely embarrassing.
Sami found that hard to do.
Sami found that hard to explain.
Sami found that hard.
Sami found that inappropriate.
Sami found that kind of strange.
Sami found that normal.
Sami found that odd.
Sami found that pretty embarrassing.
Sami found that rather scary.
Sami found that really annoying.
Sami found that really cool.
Sami found that really difficult.
Sami found that really entertaining.
Sami found that really stressful.
Sami found that ridiculous.
Sami found that so embarrassing.
Sami found that so fishy.
Sami found that so funny.
Sami found that so hard to describe in words.
Sami found that so nice.
Sami found that so weird.
Sami found that stupid.
Sami found that super stressful.
Sami found that very annoying.
Sami found that very difficult back then.
Sami found that very embarrassing.
Sami found that very hard to believe.
Sami found that very interesting.
Sami found that very odd.
Sami found that weird.
Sami found that word particularly offensive.
Sami found the Quran a very weird book at the beginning.
Sami found the ad in a movie magazine.
Sami found the answer on his phone.
Sami found the body of a little baby in an abandoned suitcase.
Sami found the book very interesting.
Sami found the box just right here.
Sami found the cure.
Sami found the door to Layla's house wide open.
Sami found the door to the house open.
Sami found the girl.
Sami found the light switch.
Sami found the mummified remains of a baby.
Sami found the necklace.
Sami found the panties under his desk.
Sami found the perfect man for the job.
Sami found the perfect part-time job.
Sami found the perfect victim in Layla.
Sami found the story on the Internet.
Sami found the story really funny.
Sami found the test easy.
Sami found the test hard.
Sami found the test super easy.
Sami found the way out.
Sami found the wood plank in the attic.
Sami found third grade hard.
Sami found this a great idea.
Sami found this annoying.
Sami found this condom in there.
Sami found this confusing.
Sami found this creepy.
Sami found this disgusting.
Sami found this especially weird.
Sami found this fricking creepy.
Sami found this funny.
Sami found this gross.
Sami found this hard to explain.
Sami found this in the Bible.
Sami found this in the bathroom.
Sami found this interesting.
Sami found this kind of shitty.
Sami found this kind of weird.
Sami found this normal.
Sami found this pretty irritating.
Sami found this really bizarre.
Sami found this really confusing.
Sami found this really crappy.
Sami found this really crazy.
Sami found this really creepy.
Sami found this really funny.
Sami found this really hard.
Sami found this really sad.
Sami found this really shitty.
Sami found this really strange.
Sami found this really weird.
Sami found this ridiculous.
Sami found this so annoying.
Sami found this so awkward.
Sami found this so bizarre.
Sami found this so creepy.
Sami found this so difficult.
Sami found this so disgusting.
Sami found this so frustrating.
Sami found this so fucking annoying.
Sami found this so funny.
Sami found this so inappropriate.
Sami found this so interesting.
Sami found this so ridiculous.
Sami found this so weird.
Sami found this story on Reddit.
Sami found this story really weird.
Sami found this very bizarre.
Sami found this very confusing.
Sami found this very embarrassing.
Sami found this very fucking weird.
Sami found this very interesting.
Sami found this very strange.
Sami found this very weird.
Sami found this weird.
Sami found tissue paper all over the place.
Sami found tools all over the ground.
Sami found tracks in the garden.
Sami found trash in Layla's room.
Sami found trash in the hallway.
Sami found us.
Sami found what he was looking for.
Sami found work in Cairo.
Sami founded a cult.
Sami founded an investment company.
Sami fractured a vertebra and lost consciousness.
Sami freaked out on Layla.
Sami freaked out.
Sami frequented local sex shops.
Sami frequently beat Layla.
Sami fronted a blues band.
Sami froze.
Sami fucked Layla in a freezer.
Sami fucked Layla in his car.
Sami fucked Layla in the bathroom.
Sami fucked Layla's bike up so bad.
Sami fucked Layla's bike up.
Sami fucked Layla's friend yesterday.
Sami fucked Layla.
Sami fucked his hand up.
Sami fucked his manager.
Sami fucked many girls.
Sami fucked multiple bitches.
Sami fucked this up.
Sami fucked up a lot.
Sami fucked up the trust between Layla and Farid.
Sami fucked up.
Sami fucked with Layla, too.
Sami fucking disappeared.
Sami fucking lost it.
Sami funded Layla's murder.
Sami gained a little bit of weight.
Sami gained a lot of knowledge.
Sami gained his freedom.
Sami gained sixty pounds.
Sami gained the entirety of the life insurance policy.
Sami gambled away all of his family's fortune.
Sami gambled on his own risky business.
Sami gathered evidence against Layla.
Sami gathered the courage to speak to Layla.
Sami gave Farid a cigar.
Sami gave Farid a photo of Layla.
Sami gave Farid the picture of the woman that he wanted murdered.
Sami gave Layla Farid's number.
Sami gave Layla a BB gun.
Sami gave Layla a Smith & Wesson pistol.
Sami gave Layla a Valentine's Day card.
Sami gave Layla a black eye.
Sami gave Layla a blunt.
Sami gave Layla a book.
Sami gave Layla a bottle of tequila.
Sami gave Layla a bottle of water.
Sami gave Layla a bouquet of roses.
Sami gave Layla a call back.
Sami gave Layla a call.
Sami gave Layla a card.
Sami gave Layla a chance to explain that.
Sami gave Layla a check.
Sami gave Layla a cigarette.
Sami gave Layla a cold look.
Sami gave Layla a compliment.
Sami gave Layla a cookie.
Sami gave Layla a copy of the Quran for free.
Sami gave Layla a copy of the Quran.
Sami gave Layla a couple of gift cards.
Sami gave Layla a cup of tea.
Sami gave Layla a cup of water.
Sami gave Layla a deadly drink.
Sami gave Layla a diamond bracelet.
Sami gave Layla a digital camera.
Sami gave Layla a discount.
Sami gave Layla a dollar.
Sami gave Layla a drink that had a dead bug in it.
Sami gave Layla a fake address.
Sami gave Layla a few tips.
Sami gave Layla a flashlight.
Sami gave Layla a flexible schedule.
Sami gave Layla a flower.
Sami gave Layla a free drink.
Sami gave Layla a full pack of cigarettes.
Sami gave Layla a gift card.
Sami gave Layla a gift.
Sami gave Layla a glass of champagne.
Sami gave Layla a glass of water.
Sami gave Layla a glass.
Sami gave Layla a good tip.
Sami gave Layla a hand massage.
Sami gave Layla a hand with the job.
Sami gave Layla a heart necklace and heart earrings.
Sami gave Layla a hug.
Sami gave Layla a huge diamond ring.
Sami gave Layla a huge hug.
Sami gave Layla a job at the church.
Sami gave Layla a job.
Sami gave Layla a kiss.
Sami gave Layla a large sum of money.
Sami gave Layla a lethal doze of antifreeze.
Sami gave Layla a little gift.
Sami gave Layla a lot of trust and space.
Sami gave Layla a lot.
Sami gave Layla a map of Egypt.
Sami gave Layla a mask.
Sami gave Layla a massage.
Sami gave Layla a music box.
Sami gave Layla a new phone.
Sami gave Layla a nickname.
Sami gave Layla a pair of boots.
Sami gave Layla a party invitation.
Sami gave Layla a pay stub.
Sami gave Layla a pen.
Sami gave Layla a phone that had a camera.
Sami gave Layla a picture of his dog.
Sami gave Layla a piece of candy and wished her a happy birthday.
Sami gave Layla a piece of candy.
Sami gave Layla a piece of paper.
Sami gave Layla a pill.
Sami gave Layla a place to live.
Sami gave Layla a prayer rug.
Sami gave Layla a questionnaire.
Sami gave Layla a red rose.
Sami gave Layla a religious leaflet.
Sami gave Layla a ride home.
Sami gave Layla a ride.
Sami gave Layla a rope to hang herself.
Sami gave Layla a second chance because he loved her.
Sami gave Layla a shirt.
Sami gave Layla a side eye.
Sami gave Layla a silent treatment.
Sami gave Layla a slap.
Sami gave Layla a sleeping potion.
Sami gave Layla a soda.
Sami gave Layla a sweet to make her stop crying.
Sami gave Layla a thirty minute car ride.
Sami gave Layla a tip.
Sami gave Layla a toolbox containing everything she needed to fix her car.
Sami gave Layla a torch.
Sami gave Layla a tour inside the house.
Sami gave Layla a translation of the Quran.
Sami gave Layla a wallet.
Sami gave Layla a warning.
Sami gave Layla a whole speech.
Sami gave Layla a wink.
Sami gave Layla advice about how to deal with that depression.
Sami gave Layla advice on things she usually did.
Sami gave Layla an aggressive answer.
Sami gave Layla an engagement ring.
Sami gave Layla an exotic bird.
Sami gave Layla an expensive graduation present.
Sami gave Layla an icy reception.
Sami gave Layla an injection.
Sami gave Layla an opportunity to tell him the truth.
Sami gave Layla an ultimatum.
Sami gave Layla and Farid privacy.
Sami gave Layla and her friends snacks.
Sami gave Layla another call.
Sami gave Layla another chance.
Sami gave Layla attention.
Sami gave Layla back the mirror.
Sami gave Layla caffeine pills.
Sami gave Layla candles.
Sami gave Layla directions.
Sami gave Layla double what he took from her.
Sami gave Layla enough arsenic to kill an elephant.
Sami gave Layla everything he had to win her heart.
Sami gave Layla food.
Sami gave Layla free food.
Sami gave Layla half an hour to clean the whole house.
Sami gave Layla her birthday gift at school.
Sami gave Layla her candy back.
Sami gave Layla her first Quran.
Sami gave Layla her gift at school.
Sami gave Layla her jewelry back.
Sami gave Layla her last check.
Sami gave Layla her money back.
Sami gave Layla her paycheck.
Sami gave Layla her paystubs.
Sami gave Layla her ring back.
Sami gave Layla his Twitter handle.
Sami gave Layla his address.
Sami gave Layla his bank number.
Sami gave Layla his banking information.
Sami gave Layla his book.
Sami gave Layla his business card.
Sami gave Layla his business e-mail.
Sami gave Layla his card.
Sami gave Layla his computer.
Sami gave Layla his cookies.
Sami gave Layla his credit card number.
Sami gave Layla his credit card to buy some supplies.
Sami gave Layla his credit card.
Sami gave Layla his dictionary.
Sami gave Layla his e-mail address.
Sami gave Layla his hand.
Sami gave Layla his home address.
Sami gave Layla his number.
Sami gave Layla his permission.
Sami gave Layla his phone and she put her number in it.
Sami gave Layla his phone number.
Sami gave Layla his reference from his old boss.
Sami gave Layla his room number.
Sami gave Layla his special attention.
Sami gave Layla his telephone number.
Sami gave Layla his wallet.
Sami gave Layla hot soup.
Sami gave Layla information about me.
Sami gave Layla love and support.
Sami gave Layla migraine medicine.
Sami gave Layla millions of dollars.
Sami gave Layla money for a cab.
Sami gave Layla money to buy cigarettes.
Sami gave Layla money to buy some weed.
Sami gave Layla money.
Sami gave Layla more attention.
Sami gave Layla more medicine.
Sami gave Layla my number without my permission.
Sami gave Layla my number.
Sami gave Layla no privacy.
Sami gave Layla permission to get her ball back.
Sami gave Layla permission to have a boyfriend.
Sami gave Layla poison.
Sami gave Layla presents.
Sami gave Layla shoes.
Sami gave Layla six dollars.
Sami gave Layla six hundred dollars.
Sami gave Layla six minutes.
Sami gave Layla sixteen dollars for that antique piece.
Sami gave Layla sixty dollars back.
Sami gave Layla sixty dollars.
Sami gave Layla some advice for sex.
Sami gave Layla some advice.
Sami gave Layla some basic information.
Sami gave Layla some cash.
Sami gave Layla some change for the bus.
Sami gave Layla some fancy products to sell.
Sami gave Layla some food and water.
Sami gave Layla some jewelry.
Sami gave Layla some liquor.
Sami gave Layla some meth.
Sami gave Layla some money to buy weed.
Sami gave Layla some money.
Sami gave Layla some paper.
Sami gave Layla some pie.
Sami gave Layla some tissue.
Sami gave Layla some toilet paper.
Sami gave Layla some water.
Sami gave Layla some weed.
Sami gave Layla straight answers.
Sami gave Layla tasks to do.
Sami gave Layla terrible advice.
Sami gave Layla that name.
Sami gave Layla that ring.
Sami gave Layla the activation code for that software.
Sami gave Layla the activation code.
Sami gave Layla the address.
Sami gave Layla the authority to teach.
Sami gave Layla the bag.
Sami gave Layla the benefit of the doubt.
Sami gave Layla the breakfast menu.
Sami gave Layla the business card of a local gun store and shooting range.
Sami gave Layla the cards.
Sami gave Layla the cold shoulder.
Sami gave Layla the combination to open his gun safe.
Sami gave Layla the dumbest reply.
Sami gave Layla the finger and she gave him the finger back.
Sami gave Layla the first copy of his book.
Sami gave Layla the keys to the main door of the club.
Sami gave Layla the keys.
Sami gave Layla the money.
Sami gave Layla the name of the company.
Sami gave Layla the night off.
Sami gave Layla the option to come with him.
Sami gave Layla the recipe of his juice.
Sami gave Layla the title of manager.
Sami gave Layla the two CD's.
Sami gave Layla thousands of dollars.
Sami gave Layla thumbs up.
Sami gave Layla time.
Sami gave Layla tips on how to travel cheaply.
Sami gave Layla toilet paper.
Sami gave Layla two option.
Sami gave Layla weed cookies.
Sami gave Layla wine.
Sami gave Layla work and fed her.
Sami gave Layla work.
Sami gave Layla's restaurant a bad review.
Sami gave Layla's video a thumbs up.
Sami gave Layla's video a thumbs-up.
Sami gave Layla's video thumbs up.
Sami gave a coke to Layla.
Sami gave a donation to the orphanage.
Sami gave a gift to Layla.
Sami gave a heart-felt eulogy at the funeral.
Sami gave a kitten to Layla.
Sami gave a nice speech.
Sami gave a prayer rug to Fadil.
Sami gave a pretty simple explanation.
Sami gave a very detailed explanation of what had happened in that kitchen.
Sami gave all that stuff to Layla.
Sami gave away millions of dollars to help protect the environment.
Sami gave away millions of dollars.
Sami gave both Layla and Salima engagement rings.
Sami gave chlamydia to his girlfriend.
Sami gave copies of the Quran for free.
Sami gave cops incomplete and inaccurate information.
Sami gave details about that.
Sami gave detectives a shocking answer.
Sami gave everyone a big surprise.
Sami gave full admissions.
Sami gave her his number.
Sami gave himself the middle name Farid.
Sami gave himself the perfect alibi.
Sami gave his ID to the cop.
Sami gave his bird away.
Sami gave his brother some candy.
Sami gave his daughter a hug.
Sami gave his dog a biscuit.
Sami gave his dog a little snack.
Sami gave his dog some food.
Sami gave his dogs to Layla.
Sami gave his life to God.
Sami gave his manager his office keys.
Sami gave his number to Layla.
Sami gave his number to almost any girl he talked to at the club.
Sami gave his opinion about how he felt about that.
Sami gave his opinion on that.
Sami gave his opinion.
Sami gave his parrot away.
Sami gave his students a final motivational speech.
Sami gave in to his assailants' demands.
Sami gave in to his passions.
Sami gave it a first try.
Sami gave it a try.
Sami gave it to me for my birthday.
Sami gave me a big gigantic hug.
Sami gave me a copy of the Quran for free.
Sami gave me a copy of the Quran.
Sami gave me a hug.
Sami gave me a teddy bear for my birthday.
Sami gave me a weird look.
Sami gave me all of that.
Sami gave me back my money.
Sami gave me his number.
Sami gave me his phone number.
Sami gave me sixteen dollars on a check.
Sami gave me some toilet paper.
Sami gave me that.
Sami gave me the address and the name of the company.
Sami gave me the gift.
Sami gave me the keys.
Sami gave me the news.
Sami gave me the phone.
Sami gave money to everybody.
Sami gave no explanation.
Sami gave other examples.
Sami gave out free merchandise to his employees.
Sami gave people the benefit of the doubt.
Sami gave permission to Farid to kiss his daughter Layla.
Sami gave permission to cops to search his house.
Sami gave police a description of the suspect.
Sami gave police a powerful testimony.
Sami gave so much to Layla without receiving anything back.
Sami gave students advice.
Sami gave that ring to Layla.
Sami gave the CD to Layla.
Sami gave the bartender his ID.
Sami gave the box to Layla.
Sami gave the cards to Layla.
Sami gave the check to Layla.
Sami gave the cop a fake ID.
Sami gave the cops some names.
Sami gave the customer his name.
Sami gave the gun to the police.
Sami gave the math teacher a nickname.
Sami gave the money to his manager.
Sami gave the police his permanent house address.
Sami gave the police officer an alias.
Sami gave the police the name of a suspect.
Sami gave the ring to Layla.
Sami gave the security guard his ID.
Sami gave the server a tip.
Sami gave the tickets to Layla.
Sami gave the waitress a tip.
Sami gave them a call.
Sami gave them information.
Sami gave this to Layla as a gift.
Sami gave this to Layla for her birthday.
Sami gave this to me for my birthday.
Sami gave up everything that was precious to him.
Sami gave up his seat again.
Sami gave up his seat on that flight.
Sami gave up his seat.
Sami gave up just one of his secrets.
Sami gave up plumbing.
Sami gave up the chase.
Sami gave us a quick explanation.
Sami gave us a recap of his experience with that company.
Sami gave us logical answers.
Sami gave us money for that ride.
Sami gave us money for the rollercoaster.
Sami gave zakat to Fadil.
Sami generally takes the same route to work every day.
Sami generously offered to take Layla in.
Sami gently put his hand on Layla's.
Sami genuinely had issues.
Sami genuinely liked Layla.
Sami genuinely loved Layla.
Sami get off on the second stop.
Sami get off the elevator.
Sami gets Layla gifts.
Sami gets a haircut every month.
Sami gets a notification every single time Layla posts a new video on her YouTube channel.
Sami gets a notification every time Layla posts a new video.
Sami gets good grades.
Sami gets home at six.
Sami gets notified every time Layla posts a new video.
Sami gets off work at six.
Sami gets paid from YouTube.
Sami gets really angry when he sees this.
Sami giggled.
Sami gives Layla gifts.
Sami gives Layla love and support.
Sami gives Layla roses.
Sami gives advice on YouTube.
Sami gives his phone number out all the time.
Sami gives people advice.
Sami gladly accepted.
Sami glared at Layla.
Sami goes on cruises twice a year.
Sami goes out every Saturday night.
Sami goes out with Layla.
Sami goes out with a girl from Cairo.
Sami goes there all the time.
Sami goes through Layla's phone every time.
Sami goes to Cairo every month.
Sami goes to Egypt every year.
Sami goes to a fitness center.
Sami goes to a local mosque.
Sami goes to a nightclub.
Sami goes to a school that's very close to where I live.
Sami goes to bed at nine.
Sami goes to church on Wednesday.
Sami goes to church.
Sami goes to clubs every night.
Sami goes to clubs to pick up girls and sleep with them.
Sami goes to college.
Sami goes to counseling.
Sami goes to high school with Layla.
Sami goes to high school.
Sami goes to middle school.
Sami goes to parties on Saturdays.
Sami goes to school with Layla's sister.
Sami goes to that neighborhood all the time.
Sami goes to that nightclub after work.
Sami goes to that preschool.
Sami goes to that school.
Sami goes to that shop every Saturday.
Sami goes to the bank every week.
Sami goes to the bathroom every ten minutes.
Sami goes to the beach after school.
Sami goes to the club all the time.
Sami goes to the gym.
Sami goes to the mall almost every day.
Sami goes to the mosque five times a day.
Sami goes to the mosque.
Sami goes to this coffee shop.
Sami goes to work during the day.
Sami goes to work every single day.
Sami goes to work.
Sami goes with Layla.
Sami googled Islam.
Sami googled Layla Bakir's name.
Sami googled Layla's address.
Sami googled Layla's name.
Sami googled his symptoms.
Sami googled it and found out what it was.
Sami googled it.
Sami googled suspicious terms.
Sami googled the local police station.
Sami got 20% off over everything.
Sami got Layla a bike.
Sami got Layla a bottle of vodka.
Sami got Layla a cup of coffee.
Sami got Layla a deal.
Sami got Layla a good deal.
Sami got Layla a job at Walmart.
Sami got Layla a job at a club.
Sami got Layla a job at the swimming pool.
Sami got Layla a job.
Sami got Layla a shot from the bar.
Sami got Layla another glass of wine.
Sami got Layla coffee and breakfast.
Sami got Layla fired.
Sami got Layla fucked up.
Sami got Layla her wine.
Sami got Layla hired at the job.
Sami got Layla in trouble with the company.
Sami got Layla on the ground and kicked her.
Sami got Layla on the phone.
Sami got Layla out of the bar.
Sami got Layla out of the water.
Sami got Layla pregnant and left her without even saying a word.
Sami got Layla some attention.
Sami got Layla some water.
Sami got Layla some weed.
Sami got Layla some wine.
Sami got Layla to do meth.
Sami got Layla to do what he wanted.
Sami got Layla to sign a power of attorney.
Sami got Layla's attention so much.
Sami got Layla's message.
Sami got Layla's name across his chest.
Sami got Layla's text message.
Sami got Layla's trust.
Sami got a 60-dollar paycheck.
Sami got a CD out of the glove compartment.
Sami got a D.
Sami got a bad influence on me.
Sami got a bad score.
Sami got a bad vibe about Layla.
Sami got a bad vibe from Layla.
Sami got a better lock.
Sami got a big promotion.
Sami got a birthday gift from Layla.
Sami got a bone-marrow transplant.
Sami got a cab ride for free.
Sami got a call from Layla.
Sami got a call from his brother.
Sami got a call from his dad.
Sami got a call from his dealer.
Sami got a call from his mom.
Sami got a call from police.
Sami got a call from that man.
Sami got a call from the FBI.
Sami got a call from the cops.
Sami got a call from the landlord.
Sami got a call from the police.
Sami got a call in the middle of the night.
Sami got a call late at night.
Sami got a call six days later from a number he didn't know.
Sami got a check.
Sami got a cool job.
Sami got a creepy feeling.
Sami got a fast-food job.
Sami got a fine.
Sami got a friend request from Layla again.
Sami got a friend request from Layla.
Sami got a friend request on Snapchat.
Sami got a gift card.
Sami got a glass of wine.
Sami got a haircut.
Sami got a higher position within the department he was in.
Sami got a hoodie for free.
Sami got a job teaching.
Sami got a job there.
Sami got a job working on a farm.
Sami got a job.
Sami got a letter from Layla.
Sami got a letter from his bank six weeks later.
Sami got a life sentence.
Sami got a lifelong companion in Layla.
Sami got a liking to Layla.
Sami got a little bit more flirty.
Sami got a little bored.
Sami got a little crazy.
Sami got a little more worried.
Sami got a little percentage off.
Sami got a little tired of that.
Sami got a lot more upset.
Sami got a lot of attention from all the girls.
Sami got a management position.
Sami got a manager position.
Sami got a message and it was from someone named Layla Bakir.
Sami got a message from Layla.
Sami got a message from someone named Layla Bakir.
Sami got a message on Instagram.
Sami got a message.
Sami got a mysterious Facebook message from Egypt from a woman who claimed to be his mother.
Sami got a new camera.
Sami got a new car.
Sami got a new e-mail from Layla.
Sami got a new lock.
Sami got a new pair of glasses.
Sami got a new phone number.
Sami got a new phone.
Sami got a new roommate.
Sami got a notice from his bank.
Sami got a pair of wire cutters.
Sami got a part-time job.
Sami got a paycheck.
Sami got a phone call at his house.
Sami got a phone call from a number he did not recognize.
Sami got a phone call from a number he didn't recognize.
Sami got a phone call in the middle of the night.
Sami got a phone call.
Sami got a picture message from Layla.
Sami got a promotion at work.
Sami got a raise.
Sami got a real estate license.
Sami got a really good seat.
Sami got a really low wage.
Sami got a really nasty customer.
Sami got a response back.
Sami got a response immediately.
Sami got a sexually transmitted disease.
Sami got a six-day break.
Sami got a sixteen thousand dollar check from Layla.
Sami got a special interest in Layla.
Sami got a strange call from someone whose voice he didn't recognize.
Sami got a tattoo on his chest.
Sami got a text and it was from Layla.
Sami got a text from Layla.
Sami got a text from an unknown number.
Sami got a text from her.
Sami got a text from his mom.
Sami got a text message.
Sami got a text on his phone from his girlfriend.
Sami got a text on his phone.
Sami got a text.
Sami got a thousand-dollar flight voucher.
Sami got a tip check.
Sami got a visa.
Sami got a voice mail.
Sami got a wig from Amazon.
Sami got a young girl in his car.
Sami got accepted in that high school.
Sami got accepted onto the step team.
Sami got accidentally punched in the face.
Sami got across the border.
Sami got addicted to the thrill of the crime.
Sami got all excited.
Sami got all his shit together and he left.
Sami got all of his proof together and presented it to the police.
Sami got along with Layla.
Sami got along with everybody really well.
Sami got along with his inlaws.
Sami got an additional ten years to life for stabbing Layla in the head.
Sami got an e-mail from Google.
Sami got an e-mail from Layla.
Sami got an e-mail from YouTube.
Sami got an e-mail from a person who read his column in the newspaper.
Sami got an e-mail from his boss.
Sami got an e-mail from his company.
Sami got an even more disturbing call from Layla.
Sami got an extra large pizza for all of us.
Sami got an opportunity.
Sami got angry about it.
Sami got angry at Layla.
Sami got angry at me.
Sami got angry.
Sami got annoyed.
Sami got another call.
Sami got another message from Layla.
Sami got another phone call from Layla.
Sami got another tattoos.
Sami got another text.
Sami got approved.
Sami got arrested immediately.
Sami got arrested.
Sami got away with a lot of murders.
Sami got away with it.
Sami got away with murder. Plain and simple.
Sami got away.
Sami got back and saw Layla was there.
Sami got back at Layla.
Sami got back from school.
Sami got back from the conference.
Sami got back from vacation.
Sami got back in the car.
Sami got back in the hotel.
Sami got back on his motorcycle.
Sami got back to Cairo.
Sami got back to base camp.
Sami got back to his car.
Sami got back to the hotel.
Sami got back to the house.
Sami got back to the police department.
Sami got back to the trailer park.
Sami got back to work.
Sami got back.
Sami got bad grades.
Sami got baptised.
Sami got baptized.
Sami got beers out of the freezer.
Sami got better.
Sami got bills to pay.
Sami got bitten by a dog.
Sami got blocked on Facebook.
Sami got bored.
Sami got busted for embezzlement.
Sami got busted for stealing a car.
Sami got busy.
Sami got caught cheating on Layla.
Sami got caught drinking by the boss.
Sami got caught in Layla's house.
Sami got caught in like six minutes.
Sami got caught last week.
Sami got caught selling fake alcohol.
Sami got caught smoking weed.
Sami got caught stealing.
Sami got caught that time.
Sami got caught.
Sami got cheated on by his girlfriend.
Sami got cheated on.
Sami got chlamydia.
Sami got closer to God.
Sami got closer to the billboard.
Sami got closer.
Sami got cocky.
Sami got commission.
Sami got confused.
Sami got contacted again by that company.
Sami got convicted.
Sami got defensive.
Sami got disturbed.
Sami got down on his knees and prayed.
Sami got down on his knees and started praying.
Sami got down.
Sami got downtown.
Sami got dressed up as best he could.
Sami got dressed.
Sami got drugs in his car.
Sami got drunk at work.
Sami got drunk in the kitchen.
Sami got drunk on his birthday.
Sami got drunk very fast.
Sami got drunk.
Sami got dumped by Layla.
Sami got dumped in college.
Sami got dumped.
Sami got e-mails from sixteen different girls.
Sami got early release on parole.
Sami got engaged.
Sami got enraged.
Sami got even more upset.
Sami got eventually caught.
Sami got everything ready for the party.
Sami got exactly what he deserved.
Sami got excited.
Sami got expelled later.
Sami got extremely aggressive.
Sami got extremely jealous.
Sami got fed up.
Sami got fidgety.
Sami got fined.
Sami got fire, as you guys know.
Sami got fired because of an argument he had with a rude customer.
Sami got fired from Walmart.
Sami got fired from that job.
Sami got fired from that school.
Sami got fired on Saturday.
Sami got fired on his sixth day on the job.
Sami got fired that day.
Sami got fired that night.
Sami got fired.
Sami got four paychecks a month.
Sami got free clothes.
Sami got free food for his dog.
Sami got free food.
Sami got free lunch once a week.
Sami got frozen meals.
Sami got fucking mad.
Sami got good grades.
Sami got grounded by his stepfather.
Sami got hate letters.
Sami got higher education.
Sami got himself cleaned up.
Sami got himself dressed.
Sami got himself in such a horrible situation.
Sami got hired at Walmart.
Sami got hired at an Egyptian restaurant.
Sami got hired at the Walmart Layla was working at.
Sami got hired for a high position.
Sami got hired in no time.
Sami got hired permanently.
Sami got hired to work at Walmart.
Sami got hired.
Sami got his Bachelor's degree in 2006.
Sami got his CD's out.
Sami got his GD.
Sami got his GED.
Sami got his YouTube channel shut down.
Sami got his appointment scheduled.
Sami got his ass in the car and drove away.
Sami got his ass in the car.
Sami got his baseball from Layla's backyard.
Sami got his blanket.
Sami got his car cleaned up.
Sami got his car fixed.
Sami got his car ready.
Sami got his cat off of the roof.
Sami got his check.
Sami got his daughter back to bed.
Sami got his daughter out of the car.
Sami got his degree.
Sami got his dog back.
Sami got his dog washed up.
Sami got his drinks from the bar.
Sami got his first job at sixteen, milking cows.
Sami got his first tattoo at sixteen.
Sami got his first tattoo when he was sixteen.
Sami got his food.
Sami got his iPod back.
Sami got his lights cut off.
Sami got his love life back on the saddle.
Sami got his memory back.
Sami got his money back.
Sami got his money.
Sami got his notebook out and started taking notes.
Sami got his own donut.
Sami got his passport.
Sami got his phone stolen at a party.
Sami got his phone stolen.
Sami got his price estimate.
Sami got his raise.
Sami got his refund.
Sami got his revenge on Layla.
Sami got his revenge on her.
Sami got his room.
Sami got his student visa.
Sami got his stuff back.
Sami got his tips.
Sami got his wisdom teeth removed.
Sami got his wish.
Sami got hit by a car.
Sami got home Saturday.
Sami got home after midnight.
Sami got home from school.
Sami got home just before it started raining.
Sami got home just before it started to rain.
Sami got home late.
Sami got home safe.
Sami got home.
Sami got hooked on cocaine.
Sami got hungry.
Sami got hurt.
Sami got in Layla's bed.
Sami got in Layla's car.
Sami got in Layla's face and screamed at her.
Sami got in Layla's face and started screaming.
Sami got in Layla's face and started yelling at her.
Sami got in a big fight.
Sami got in a cab.
Sami got in a car accident.
Sami got in an Uber.
Sami got in his car and drove off.
Sami got in his car but he didn't drive off.
Sami got in his car.
Sami got in his minivan and left.
Sami got in his van and left.
Sami got in huge trouble.
Sami got in line.
Sami got in so much trouble.
Sami got in that room.
Sami got in the back seat and Layla in the front.
Sami got in the car and left.
Sami got in the car and took off.
Sami got in the car with Layla.
Sami got in the car with that girl.
Sami got in the car.
Sami got in the closet.
Sami got in trouble a lot on the school bus.
Sami got in trouble a lot.
Sami got in trouble for that.
Sami got in trouble sometimes.
Sami got in trouble with his father.
Sami got in trouble with the teacher.
Sami got in trouble.
Sami got inside.
Sami got interviewed.
Sami got into Layla's SUV.
Sami got into Layla's house.
Sami got into Layla's vehicle.
Sami got into a car accident.
Sami got into a fight at the bar.
Sami got into a fight with Farid.
Sami got into a fight.
Sami got into a fist fight.
Sami got into a physical altercation.
Sami got into that fight.
Sami got into the SUV.
Sami got into the attic.
Sami got into the car.
Sami got into the closet.
Sami got into the club.
Sami got into the country by marriage.
Sami got into the driver seat.
Sami got into the fight, too.
Sami got into the next room.
Sami got into the stadium and found a seat.
Sami got involved in Layla's life.
Sami got involved in a fight.
Sami got involved in a situation that had nothing to do with him.
Sami got involved in drug trade.
Sami got involved with a church.
Sami got involved with a prostitute.
Sami got irritated.
Sami got jealous.
Sami got kicked out of the bar.
Sami got kicked out of the club.
Sami got kicked out of the school.
Sami got kidnapped and killed.
Sami got kidnapped.
Sami got killed, unfortunately.
Sami got killed.
Sami got life for murder.
Sami got locked in the freezer.
Sami got lost in his ways.
Sami got lost in the crowd.
Sami got lost in the desert.
Sami got lost in the jungle.
Sami got lots of effective psychotherapy in prison.
Sami got lucky.
Sami got mad at Layla when she told him this story.
Sami got mad at Layla.
Sami got mad at me.
Sami got mad at one of his teachers.
Sami got mad very quickly.
Sami got mad.
Sami got made fun so much at school.
Sami got malaria.
Sami got married at sixteen.
Sami got married in June.
Sami got married.
Sami got me a beer.
Sami got me pregnant but I don't want to be his human incubator.
Sami got more accustomed with it.
Sami got more aggressive with the customers.
Sami got more and more angry.
Sami got more drinks at that bar.
Sami got more modeling jobs.
Sami got more nasty and aggressive.
Sami got more overtime.
Sami got more surgeries.
Sami got more used to teaching.
Sami got much more than he bargained for.
Sami got naked in public.
Sami got nervous.
Sami got no call.
Sami got no red flags from Laya at all.
Sami got nothing done.
Sami got notified every time Layla uploaded a new video.
Sami got off here.
Sami got off his knees.
Sami got off of the phone.
Sami got off on the next stop.
Sami got off the bus at the end of the bus.
Sami got off the bus at the last stop.
Sami got off the bus.
Sami got off the camel.
Sami got off the chair.
Sami got off the phone.
Sami got off the plane last.
Sami got off the plane.
Sami got off the stage.
Sami got off work at six.
Sami got off work rather late at night.
Sami got off work.
Sami got offended.
Sami got older.
Sami got on Facebook and found a message from Layla.
Sami got on Layla's Facebook.
Sami got on Tumblr.
Sami got on a bus and went home.
Sami got on his knee and proposed to Layla.
Sami got on his knees and started to pray.
Sami got on his knees.
Sami got on his motorcycle and drove away.
Sami got on my last nerve.
Sami got on pretty well with the prison guards.
Sami got on that flight.
Sami got on that plane.
Sami got on the bus.
Sami got on the camel.
Sami got on the flight.
Sami got on the phone again.
Sami got on the phone with Layla.
Sami got on the rollercoaster.
Sami got on the wrong flight.
Sami got one of the girls pregnant at the job.
Sami got our order.
Sami got out again.
Sami got out of Layla's car.
Sami got out of Layla's hair salon.
Sami got out of bed to go to the bathroom.
Sami got out of here.
Sami got out of his car to go inside the store.
Sami got out of his car.
Sami got out of jail.
Sami got out of prison.
Sami got out of that car.
Sami got out of that house.
Sami got out of that relationship.
Sami got out of that shitty relationship.
Sami got out of that situation unharmed.
Sami got out of that situation.
Sami got out of the bathroom.
Sami got out of the car.
Sami got out of the elevator.
Sami got out of the house.
Sami got out of the room.
Sami got out of the shower.
Sami got out of the truck.
Sami got out of the vehicle.
Sami got out of the water.
Sami got out of there.
Sami got out on stage.
Sami got out.
Sami got over it and we started talking again.
Sami got overconfident.
Sami got paid four times per month.
Sami got paid next to nothing.
Sami got paid.
Sami got picked up by his mom.
Sami got picked up by his mother.
Sami got pissed at Layla.
Sami got pissed.
Sami got pizza and chicken wings.
Sami got poisoned.
Sami got pretty drunk.
Sami got pretty mad.
Sami got pretty pissed off.
Sami got pretty scared.
Sami got pulled over for speeding.
Sami got punched in the face.
Sami got questioned by the cops.
Sami got quiet.
Sami got ready for church.
Sami got ready for his presentation.
Sami got ready for the Christmas party that night.
Sami got ready to go to work.
Sami got ready.
Sami got really angry with Layla.
Sami got really angry.
Sami got really busy at the bar.
Sami got really curious about who that girl really was.
Sami got really defensive.
Sami got really drunk.
Sami got really excited.
Sami got really hungry.
Sami got really invested into Layla's life.
Sami got really jealous.
Sami got really lucky.
Sami got really mad.
Sami got really nervous.
Sami got really pissed off about that.
Sami got really sensitive about that.
Sami got really sick.
Sami got really upset.
Sami got really worried.
Sami got rich selling houses.
Sami got rid of Layla's body.
Sami got rid of Layla.
Sami got rid of his bloody clothes.
Sami got rid of his girlfriend.
Sami got rid of the bottle.
Sami got rid of the dog.
Sami got rid of the evidence.
Sami got rid of the phone.
Sami got robbed at gunpoint near his job.
Sami got robbed.
Sami got rude comments on Facebook.
Sami got run over by a car.
Sami got scared of me.
Sami got scared.
Sami got security on Layla.
Sami got sent home for being intoxicated.
Sami got serious with Layla.
Sami got several e-mails from Layla.
Sami got shot on Halloween.
Sami got shot.
Sami got shunned because he was in the LGBT community.
Sami got sick and died.
Sami got sick and tired of this.
Sami got sick from being force-fed.
Sami got sick from eating a seabird.
Sami got sick from the smell of alcohol.
Sami got sick with leukemia.
Sami got sick.
Sami got sicker.
Sami got six hundred bucks.
Sami got six tattoos and a piercing.
Sami got six tattoos in a year.
Sami got so angry with me.
Sami got so annoyed with Layla.
Sami got so annoyed.
Sami got so creeped out.
Sami got so drunk that he passed out in the bathroom.
Sami got so emotional.
Sami got so excited.
Sami got so fucking pissed.
Sami got so mad.
Sami got so nervous.
Sami got so pissed.
Sami got so tired of fighting.
Sami got some acid.
Sami got some coke.
Sami got some crack.
Sami got some meth.
Sami got some money for drugs.
Sami got some snacks from a convenience store.
Sami got some snacks.
Sami got some water for Layla.
Sami got some weed.
Sami got something to eat.
Sami got stranded in Cairo.
Sami got stranded in the snow.
Sami got stung by jellyfish.
Sami got super defensive.
Sami got super drunk.
Sami got super nervous.
Sami got super uncomfortable.
Sami got suspended because of stupid shit like that.
Sami got suspended because of you.
Sami got suspended for some stupid shit.
Sami got suspended.
Sami got swindled.
Sami got tagged in an Instagram picture.
Sami got tased.
Sami got teased.
Sami got text messages every single day from Layla.
Sami got that call.
Sami got that cat when he was around six.
Sami got that girl a job.
Sami got that guy fired.
Sami got that reputation.
Sami got that wallet for me.
Sami got that woman evicted.
Sami got the OK to go.
Sami got the activation code.
Sami got the ball.
Sami got the best defense ever.
Sami got the best education that he could.
Sami got the call.
Sami got the cops involved.
Sami got the courage to expose the conspiracy.
Sami got the dress off the manikin.
Sami got the e-mail this morning.
Sami got the evidence he needed.
Sami got the film developed.
Sami got the green light from his mom.
Sami got the guarantee of a lighter sentence.
Sami got the help of the church.
Sami got the information he needed.
Sami got the job immediately.
Sami got the job.
Sami got the kids out of the house.
Sami got the last laugh.
Sami got the message from Layla on his answering machine.
Sami got the message.
Sami got the minimum wage.
Sami got the money.
Sami got the plumbing bill.
Sami got the position.
Sami got the price list.
Sami got the rest of his wisdom teeth removed.
Sami got the shock of his life.
Sami got the towels for free.
Sami got the window open.
Sami got there at six.
Sami got there first.
Sami got there late.
Sami got there later on.
Sami got there really late.
Sami got there.
Sami got this disease and died of it.
Sami got tied into the affair going on between Layla and Farid.
Sami got tipsy.
Sami got tired of Layla.
Sami got tired of all that cheating.
Sami got tired of it.
Sami got tired of parenting.
Sami got tired of repeating himself.
Sami got tired of waking up hungover.
Sami got tired.
Sami got to Layla's house.
Sami got to his apartment complex.
Sami got to his apartment.
Sami got to his interview fifteen minutes early.
Sami got to his mom's house.
Sami got to know Layla a little better.
Sami got to know many Muslims.
Sami got to school late.
Sami got to that club.
Sami got to the Egyptian border.
Sami got to the airport.
Sami got to the bar at six.
Sami got to the driveway.
Sami got to the front of the line and bought a ticket.
Sami got to the hotel.
Sami got to the party.
Sami got too close.
Sami got totally drunk.
Sami got towed to a mechanic's.
Sami got treated in a very disrespectful way.
Sami got two CD's for six dollars.
Sami got two jobs.
Sami got two life sentences.
Sami got undressed.
Sami got unhappy for some reason.
Sami got up a bit early in the morning.
Sami got up and left the room.
Sami got up and left.
Sami got up and opened the door.
Sami got up and ran.
Sami got up and said hi.
Sami got up and went to the kitchen.
Sami got up at around six in the morning.
Sami got up before dawn.
Sami got up early in the morning.
Sami got up from his assigned seat and sat right next to Layla.
Sami got up from his table so fast.
Sami got up from the floor.
Sami got up so early in the morning.
Sami got up to pray fajr.
Sami got up.
Sami got upset.
Sami got upstairs.
Sami got us a bottle of champagne.
Sami got us some champagne.
Sami got us some fries.
Sami got used answering the office phone.
Sami got used to his new Arabic name.
Sami got used to it.
Sami got used to that lifestyle.
Sami got used to this.
Sami got very angry with me.
Sami got very angry with the police.
Sami got very emotional.
Sami got very mad at me.
Sami got very nervous.
Sami got very spoilt.
Sami got very violent.
Sami got violent.
Sami got vomit on his chest and pants.
Sami got weird vibes from that guy.
Sami got what he wanted out of that girl.
Sami got worried about me.
Sami got wounded.
Sami got you these tapes.
Sami grabbed Layla and pulled her towards him.
Sami grabbed Layla around the waist.
Sami grabbed Layla by her arm and started dragging her away.
Sami grabbed Layla by her mid-section.
Sami grabbed Layla by her shirt.
Sami grabbed Layla by her throat.
Sami grabbed Layla by her waist.
Sami grabbed Layla by the arm and pulled her out of the closet.
Sami grabbed Layla by the collar of her shirt.
Sami grabbed Layla by the face.
Sami grabbed Layla by the hair and he started swinging her around.
Sami grabbed Layla by the hair and started punching her in the face.
Sami grabbed Layla by the shoulders and tried to lead her away.
Sami grabbed Layla by the throat.
Sami grabbed Layla upon her waist.
Sami grabbed Layla's arm and looked at her.
Sami grabbed Layla's arm and pulled her towards him.
Sami grabbed Layla's arm and she ripped it out of his hand.
Sami grabbed Layla's arm.
Sami grabbed Layla's ass.
Sami grabbed Layla's boobs.
Sami grabbed Layla's hair.
Sami grabbed Layla's hand and they walked into that house.
Sami grabbed Layla's hand without any warning.
Sami grabbed Layla's hand.
Sami grabbed Layla's hands.
Sami grabbed Layla's left arm.
Sami grabbed Layla's leg.
Sami grabbed Layla's phone and started going through her text messages.
Sami grabbed Layla's shoulders again.
Sami grabbed Layla's wrist and started dragging her down the hallway.
Sami grabbed Layla's wrist.
Sami grabbed a handful of sand and threw it at Layla's face.
Sami grabbed a kitchen knife.
Sami grabbed a knife and stabbed Layla.
Sami grabbed a snack and sat down to watch the movie.
Sami grabbed himself a drink and a snack and went upstairs to watch the movie.
Sami grabbed his backpack and headed to the cafeteria.
Sami grabbed his backpack and left.
Sami grabbed his camera and started filming the fight.
Sami grabbed his gun.
Sami grabbed his phone and called 911.
Sami grabbed his phone and looked at it.
Sami grabbed his phrase book to learn some Arabic words.
Sami grabbed his things and left the room.
Sami grabbed my arm.
Sami grabbed some books from the Islamic center and read them all.
Sami grabbed the attention of his female co-workers.
Sami grabbed the baseball bat.
Sami grabbed the blade in his hands.
Sami grabbed the blanket.
Sami grabbed the bottle of champagne from under his sink.
Sami grabbed the dog's tail.
Sami grabbed the gun and left.
Sami grabbed the gun and started to shoot.
Sami grabbed the handle and tried to open the door.
Sami grabbed the jewelry box out Layla's hands.
Sami grabbed the kittens by the tail.
Sami grabbed the money and left.
Sami grabbed the ring out of Layla's hand.
Sami grabbed the weapon and started shooting at Layla.
Sami grabs Layla's hand.
Sami graciously thanked Layla for that.
Sami graduated from high school in 2006.
Sami graduated from the seminary, the top of his class.
Sami graduated high school last summer.
Sami graduated high school.
Sami graduated in June.
Sami graduated law school.
Sami graduated, too.
Sami granted reporters interviews.
Sami gravitated around Layla.
Sami greased his rifle and buried it on his farm.
Sami greeted the customers.
Sami greeted visitors at the reception.
Sami grew angry.
Sami grew anxious.
Sami grew closer to his mother.
Sami grew closer to the Lord.
Sami grew concerned.
Sami grew facial hair in an attempt to pass for Farid.
Sami grew his hair back.
Sami grew his hair.
Sami grew in his faith.
Sami grew maniacally controlling.
Sami grew sick of Islam and left the religion.
Sami grew up Christian.
Sami grew up as a Christian.
Sami grew up as a Muslim.
Sami grew up as a transperson.
Sami grew up being a Muslim.
Sami grew up believing in Islam.
Sami grew up bilingual.
Sami grew up here on the ranch.
Sami grew up here.
Sami grew up in Bible country.
Sami grew up in British Columbia, Canada.
Sami grew up in Brooklyn, New York.
Sami grew up in Cairo.
Sami grew up in Egypt.
Sami grew up in North Carolina high society.
Sami grew up in Ontario, Canada.
Sami grew up in a Christian family with a separated mom and dad.
Sami grew up in a Christian family.
Sami grew up in a Muslim community.
Sami grew up in a blue-collar suburb.
Sami grew up in a close-knit Mormon community.
Sami grew up in a family that was Protestant.
Sami grew up in a loving family.
Sami grew up in a medieval city in Ireland.
Sami grew up in a middle class home.
Sami grew up in a quiet town.
Sami grew up in a remote farming village in Egypt.
Sami grew up in a rural area.
Sami grew up in a safe city.
Sami grew up in a sleepy lumber town.
Sami grew up in a small Florida town called Saint Augustine.
Sami grew up in a small Muslim community in Eastern Europe.
Sami grew up in a small bedroom community.
Sami grew up in a suburb in Cairo.
Sami grew up in a suburb of Cairo.
Sami grew up in a tiny Muslim community in Eastern Europe.
Sami grew up in a very conservative family.
Sami grew up in a very religious Muslim family.
Sami grew up in a very small town.
Sami grew up in a vibrant college town.
Sami grew up in a working class environment.
Sami grew up in an Indian tribe in the jungle.
Sami grew up in an evangelical Christian household.
Sami grew up in an ordinary family.
Sami grew up in an upscale neighborhood.
Sami grew up in rural Egypt.
Sami grew up in the church.
Sami grew up in the ghetto.
Sami grew up in the suburbs of Cairo.
Sami grew up in this hood.
Sami grew up in this house.
Sami grew up in two places.
Sami grew up in wealth.
Sami grew up knowing his brothers only as pictures on a wall.
Sami grew up on Long Island, New York.
Sami grew up on a family farm.
Sami grew up on country music.
Sami grew up on the wrong side of the tracks.
Sami grew up outside Cairo.
Sami grew up privileged.
Sami grew up thinking his dad was a murderer.
Sami grew up thinking that all Muslims were terrorists.
Sami grew up watching his parents arguing.
Sami grew up with Layla.
Sami grew up with a handicapped brother.
Sami grew up with his mother, stepfather, and six sisters.
Sami grew up with his siblings in Cairo.
Sami grew up with his single mom.
Sami grew up.
Sami groomed and raised horses in southern Arizona.
Sami grounded his daughter for six weeks.
Sami grounded his daughter.
Sami grounded his stepdaughter.
Sami guided Layla through everything.
Sami hacked Layla's account.
Sami hacked Layla's computer.
Sami hacked into Layla's Facebook.
Sami had "idiot" written on his forehead, and Layla knew that.
Sami had Arabic class that day.
Sami had Layla drop him off at his cousin's house.
Sami had Layla perform oral sex on him.
Sami had Layla strip naked.
Sami had Layla's heart.
Sami had Layla's information.
Sami had Layla's phone number.
Sami had Layla's phone.
Sami had Mr Bakir for science when he was in high school.
Sami had Nazi decorations in his apartment.
Sami had a 16-year-old sister.
Sami had a BMW.
Sami had a Bentley.
Sami had a Cinderella story with Layla.
Sami had a D.
Sami had a German shepherd named Farid.
Sami had a Hindu friend.
Sami had a Hindu tattoo on his arm.
Sami had a Lexus.
Sami had a Pomeranian and Layla, a German shepherd.
Sami had a Pomeranian named Layla.
Sami had a Pomeranian.
Sami had a Smith & Wesson.
Sami had a TV set in every room of his house.
Sami had a Tumblr blog.
Sami had a Volkswagen.
Sami had a YouTube channel.
Sami had a baby face.
Sami had a baby in his arms.
Sami had a baby sister.
Sami had a backpack with him.
Sami had a backyard.
Sami had a bad back.
Sami had a bad day.
Sami had a bad dream.
Sami had a bad feeling in his stomach.
Sami had a bad habit.
Sami had a bad haircut.
Sami had a bad roommate.
Sami had a bald head.
Sami had a band of killers.
Sami had a basement in his house.
Sami had a basketball hoop in front of his house.
Sami had a bath.
Sami had a bathroom in his room.
Sami had a bathroom inside his room in that apartment.
Sami had a beautiful house.
Sami had a beautiful wife and a little boy.
Sami had a beautiful wife.
Sami had a bed in one corner of the attic.
Sami had a bedroom with two beds.
Sami had a beer in his hand.
Sami had a best friend in high school.
Sami had a best friend.
Sami had a better chance of getting recruited at Walmart.
Sami had a better job.
Sami had a better option.
Sami had a big TV.
Sami had a big bedroom upstairs.
Sami had a big black eye.
Sami had a big brother.
Sami had a big car.
Sami had a big fridge.
Sami had a big group of acquaintances.
Sami had a big gun.
Sami had a big mouth.
Sami had a big personality.
Sami had a big problem.
Sami had a big trick-or-treat bucket.
Sami had a bike with shiny wheels on it.
Sami had a bike.
Sami had a bird named Farid.
Sami had a bit of a narcissistic streak.
Sami had a black Ford Focus.
Sami had a black Spiderman shirt.
Sami had a black backpack.
Sami had a black cat.
Sami had a black eye.
Sami had a black shirt on and nothing else.
Sami had a black wallet.
Sami had a blog.
Sami had a blood test.
Sami had a bloody face.
Sami had a blue suitcase.
Sami had a book on poisons.
Sami had a book which showed photos of children in suggestive poses.
Sami had a bookcase in his room.
Sami had a bottle of whisky in his hand.
Sami had a brand new friend.
Sami had a brand new pair of shoes.
Sami had a brand-new van.
Sami had a break.
Sami had a brief encounter with Layla.
Sami had a broken arm.
Sami had a bruise under his right eye.
Sami had a bullet lodged in his back.
Sami had a bunch of brothers and sisters.
Sami had a bunch of girls that he had been fucking with.
Sami had a bunch of people with him.
Sami had a business.
Sami had a buyer for his house.
Sami had a car collection.
Sami had a car.
Sami had a care-free childhood.
Sami had a career.
Sami had a cat.
Sami had a catfish.
Sami had a chance to get his life back on track.
Sami had a change of heart.
Sami had a charming personality.
Sami had a chat with Layla.
Sami had a chocolate donut.
Sami had a choice to make.
Sami had a choice.
Sami had a cigarette in his mouth.
Sami had a class with Layla in senior year.
Sami had a clean record.
Sami had a cleaning job.
Sami had a clear vision of how he wanted his life to be.
Sami had a collection of porcelain figurines.
Sami had a college degree.
Sami had a completely secret life that his wife didn't know about.
Sami had a computer on his lap.
Sami had a confession to make.
Sami had a construction contracting business.
Sami had a conversation with Layla a few months back about that.
Sami had a cool manager.
Sami had a copy of Layla's house key made.
Sami had a copy of Layla's resume.
Sami had a couch in his office.
Sami had a covert evil nature.
Sami had a crazy mom.
Sami had a creepy feeling.
Sami had a creepy look.
Sami had a criminal record.
Sami had a crush for Layla.
Sami had a crush on Layla and wanted to get to know her better.
Sami had a crush on Layla.
Sami had a crush on her.
Sami had a crush on his teacher.
Sami had a crush on me.
Sami had a crush on someone.
Sami had a crush on that girl.
Sami had a curfew.
Sami had a dark secret.
Sami had a dark side his adoring fans didn't see.
Sami had a dating profile on Facebook.
Sami had a daughter with Layla.
Sami had a daughter with his high school sweetheart.
Sami had a daughter with his mistress.
Sami had a daughter.
Sami had a deadly accident.
Sami had a deep sleep.
Sami had a deep voice.
Sami had a deep-seated prejudice against African Americans.
Sami had a degree in information technology.
Sami had a diaper on.
Sami had a different speaking voice on the phone.
Sami had a dildo.
Sami had a dirty house.
Sami had a dishonest relationship with Layla.
Sami had a doctor's appointment that day.
Sami had a doctor's appointment.
Sami had a dog and a whole bunch of cats.
Sami had a dog named Queen.
Sami had a dog named Rocky that he loved.
Sami had a dog.
Sami had a dominant personality.
Sami had a dream that he was in that house.
Sami had a dream that he was walking through an empty house.
Sami had a drinking problem for many years.
Sami had a drinking problem towards the end of his life.
Sami had a drinking problem.
Sami had a drug issue.
Sami had a drug relapse.
Sami had a dysfunctional relationship with his mother.
Sami had a fake Facebook profile.
Sami had a family business.
Sami had a family computer in the living room.
Sami had a family emergency.
Sami had a family to consider.
Sami had a family, too.
Sami had a family.
Sami had a feeling.
Sami had a felony conviction for writing phoney checks.
Sami had a few classes with Layla.
Sami had a few enemies with an ax to grind.
Sami had a few friends in and around Leon, Florida.
Sami had a few penpals.
Sami had a fight at a church camp.
Sami had a fight with Layla's ex.
Sami had a fight with his daughter.
Sami had a firm grip on Layla's arm.
Sami had a flag football game on Saturday.
Sami had a freak accident.
Sami had a friend named Farid.
Sami had a friend that worked at that dealership.
Sami had a friend to hang out with.
Sami had a friend who was a girl.
Sami had a friend who was transitioning.
Sami had a full-time job.
Sami had a gambling addiction.
Sami had a garage sale.
Sami had a garden fit for a king.
Sami had a gay son.
Sami had a gazebo in his backyard.
Sami had a gerbil.
Sami had a get-together at his house.
Sami had a gift card.
Sami had a girlfriend that worked with us.
Sami had a girlfriend, too.
Sami had a girlfriend.
Sami had a good heart.
Sami had a good job.
Sami had a good living.
Sami had a good position at the clinic.
Sami had a good relationship with his family.
Sami had a good relationship with his siblings.
Sami had a good salary insofar as being a policeman.
Sami had a good sense of humor.
Sami had a good surrounding.
Sami had a good time with Layla.
Sami had a good time.
Sami had a gorgeous dog.
Sami had a great professional.
Sami had a great time with Layla.
Sami had a great time.
Sami had a great weekend.
Sami had a green parrot.
Sami had a greyhound.
Sami had a grudge with Layla.
Sami had a gun in his car.
Sami had a gun in his hand.
Sami had a gun to his head.
Sami had a gun.
Sami had a gym.
Sami had a habit he couldn't seem to shake: he drank a lot.
Sami had a habit of seeking attention from other women.
Sami had a half-sister.
Sami had a hammer.
Sami had a handgun in his pickup truck.
Sami had a handgun.
Sami had a happy life in Cairo.
Sami had a hard time falling asleep in that house.
Sami had a hard time holding down jobs.
Sami had a hard time making eye contact with Layla.
Sami had a hard time walking.
Sami had a hat on.
Sami had a head for business.
Sami had a headache.
Sami had a heart attack.
Sami had a heart big enough to adopt six young Egyptian orphans.
Sami had a heavy-duty flashlight.
Sami had a hidden life that nobody knew about.
Sami had a high fever.
Sami had a high-pitched voice.
Sami had a history of depression.
Sami had a history of hurting women.
Sami had a history of theft and drug-related crimes.
Sami had a history of violence.
Sami had a horrible dating experience.
Sami had a horrible day.
Sami had a horrible job experience there.
Sami had a horrible problem with drugs.
Sami had a horrifying secret.
Sami had a house in Cairo.
Sami had a house.
Sami had a huge announcement he wanted to share with us.
Sami had a huge crush on Layla.
Sami had a huge dog.
Sami had a huge ego.
Sami had a huge family.
Sami had a huge farm in Ontario.
Sami had a huge industrial-size freezer in his kitchen.
Sami had a huge nutcracker sitting by the front door.
Sami had a huge office in his mansion.
Sami had a huge pool in his mansion.
Sami had a husky.
Sami had a jealous wife.
Sami had a job and an income.
Sami had a job and was in college.
Sami had a job at a restaurant.
Sami had a job interview.
Sami had a job to do.
Sami had a job with the movie theater that Layla was going to.
Sami had a kid with him.
Sami had a kind heart.
Sami had a kitchen knife.
Sami had a knife at Layla.
Sami had a knife at his throat.
Sami had a knife in his hand.
Sami had a laptop at the time.
Sami had a laptop in his room.
Sami had a larger-than-life character.
Sami had a larger-than-life personality.
Sami had a life of privilege.
Sami had a life outside of that restaurant.
Sami had a life-changing surgery.
Sami had a life-time supply of steroids.
Sami had a liking for pool.
Sami had a lisp and he couldn't say his S's right.
Sami had a lisp.
Sami had a little accident.
Sami had a little bit of blood coming from his nostril.
Sami had a little bit of cash in his pocket.
Sami had a little boy with him.
Sami had a little car.
Sami had a little crush on Layla.
Sami had a little dog.
Sami had a little group of friends.
Sami had a little name tag on his shirt.
Sami had a little sister that was younger than me.
Sami had a little studio in his house.
Sami had a little too much to drink.
Sami had a little umbrella.
Sami had a long-time affair with Layla.
Sami had a long-time crush on Layla.
Sami had a long-time girlfriend.
Sami had a look at Layla's progress report.
Sami had a look at the engine.
Sami had a look at the screenshots.
Sami had a look inside.
Sami had a lot going for him.
Sami had a lot more respect for Layla than Farid did.
Sami had a lot of anger at women.
Sami had a lot of bad dreams about his mother dying.
Sami had a lot of cocaine.
Sami had a lot of credentials.
Sami had a lot of false assumptions about Layla.
Sami had a lot of family there.
Sami had a lot of fun.
Sami had a lot of girlfriends.
Sami had a lot of girls.
Sami had a lot of guilt.
Sami had a lot of homework to do.
Sami had a lot of information on the murder.
Sami had a lot of keys.
Sami had a lot of love to give.
Sami had a lot of misconceptions about Islam.
Sami had a lot of money in the banks.
Sami had a lot of money.
Sami had a lot of mutual friends with Layla.
Sami had a lot of new friends.
Sami had a lot of problems.
Sami had a lot of questions about Christianity.
Sami had a lot of self-esteem issues when he was in high school.
Sami had a lot of trouble falling asleep.
Sami had a lot of unread messages on Tumblr.
Sami had a lot of work experience.
Sami had a love affair online.
Sami had a love for danger and a need for speed.
Sami had a lovely wife.
Sami had a loveseat in his office.
Sami had a lucky escape.
Sami had a lunch break.
Sami had a lustful affair with Layla.
Sami had a luxury car.
Sami had a maid that knew how to make tamales.
Sami had a major problem.
Sami had a mark on his face.
Sami had a master bedroom.
Sami had a math problem.
Sami had a medical condition.
Sami had a meeting with another person.
Sami had a meeting with his mom and the principal.
Sami had a meeting.
Sami had a mental breakdown.
Sami had a mentally challenged daughter.
Sami had a mentally challenged sister.
Sami had a message pop up. It was from Layla.
Sami had a meticulous eye for choosing the right clothes.
Sami had a microwave.
Sami had a migraine headache.
Sami had a mild infection.
Sami had a million-dollar life-insurance policy.
Sami had a mini-crush on Layla.
Sami had a mom.
Sami had a more deadly plan.
Sami had a more difficult childhood.
Sami had a mother.
Sami had a motive to kill.
Sami had a motorcycle.
Sami had a moustache.
Sami had a nap in Layla's room.
Sami had a near-perfect life growing up.
Sami had a needle in his hand.
Sami had a new addition to his team.
Sami had a new girlfriend.
Sami had a new home in Cairo.
Sami had a new job.
Sami had a new phone.
Sami had a new resume.
Sami had a newborn.
Sami had a nice backpack.
Sami had a nightmare.
Sami had a notepad.
Sami had a number of affairs when he was married to Layla.
Sami had a panic attack.
Sami had a passion for crime solving.
Sami had a passion for excellence.
Sami had a passion for guns.
Sami had a passion for horses.
Sami had a passion for music his entire life.
Sami had a past.
Sami had a pastry blog.
Sami had a penchant for knives.
Sami had a penis and Layla had a vagina.
Sami had a perfect family life.
Sami had a personal bodyguard.
Sami had a personality disorder.
Sami had a pet dog.
Sami had a pet hedgehog.
Sami had a pet.
Sami had a petrifying experience.
Sami had a phone when he was six.
Sami had a photo of Layla's saved on his phone.
Sami had a picture of his stalker.
Sami had a picture-perfect beautiful child.
Sami had a pit bull.
Sami had a pitbull.
Sami had a pivotal time in his life.
Sami had a plan and he was very patient.
Sami had a plan in case he was arrested.
Sami had a plan.
Sami had a plausible alibi.
Sami had a plumbing problem.
Sami had a ponytail.
Sami had a porn addiction.
Sami had a pornography addiction.
Sami had a pot farm.
Sami had a premonition.
Sami had a pretty good time.
Sami had a pretty normal American upbringing.
Sami had a pretty rough childhood.
Sami had a pretty solid alibi.
Sami had a price on his head.
Sami had a problem at school.
Sami had a problem with Layal.
Sami had a problem with alcohol.
Sami had a problem with both drugs and alcohol.
Sami had a problem with women.
Sami had a problem.
Sami had a proposal for Layla.
Sami had a psychiatric appointment.
Sami had a pull-out couch in his living room.
Sami had a puppy.
Sami had a pure heart.
Sami had a purpose for that trip.
Sami had a racing motorcycle.
Sami had a racist roommate.
Sami had a real obsession with eating.
Sami had a really bad depression.
Sami had a really bad migraine.
Sami had a really bad roommate.
Sami had a really big personality.
Sami had a really big room.
Sami had a really bizarre dream.
Sami had a really cool name.
Sami had a really funny time with Layla.
Sami had a really good experience with his roommates.
Sami had a really good friend from our church.
Sami had a really good heart.
Sami had a really good time.
Sami had a really horrible breakup.
Sami had a really mean manager.
Sami had a really weird voice.
Sami had a rebellious spirit.
Sami had a red cup in his hand.
Sami had a red iPod.
Sami had a refrigerator, too.
Sami had a regular schedule.
Sami had a relationship outside of marriage.
Sami had a relationship that resulted in a child.
Sami had a relationship with another woman.
Sami had a relationship with the Lord.
Sami had a reputation as a playboy.
Sami had a reputation at that restaurant for being not the best worker.
Sami had a respectable life.
Sami had a restraining order against Layla.
Sami had a right to get vengeance.
Sami had a rocky relationship with his mother.
Sami had a room that was filled with mounted animals of all types.
Sami had a roommate.
Sami had a rough childhood.
Sami had a rough time in Egypt.
Sami had a scar on his lip.
Sami had a scary dream.
Sami had a schedule.
Sami had a second Instagram account.
Sami had a second chance.
Sami had a secret affair with one of his female employees.
Sami had a secret apartment.
Sami had a secret life.
Sami had a secret love child.
Sami had a seizure.
Sami had a serious drug addiction.
Sami had a serious relationship with an Egyptian girl.
Sami had a service dog.
Sami had a set of keys to every room in Layla's house.
Sami had a severe pain in the abdomen.
Sami had a sexual addiction.
Sami had a sexual pathology.
Sami had a sexy girlfriend.
Sami had a sick feeling in his stomach.
Sami had a sick feeling.
Sami had a significant bacterial infection.
Sami had a similar schedule.
Sami had a simple choice: jump or perish.
Sami had a sister named Layla.
Sami had a sister.
Sami had a sixteen year old daughter.
Sami had a sixteen year old girlfriend.
Sami had a skull fracture.
Sami had a sleepover at Layla's house to help her with her assignment.
Sami had a sleepover at Layla's house.
Sami had a small company.
Sami had a small framed photo on his desk.
Sami had a small movie theater in his mansion.
Sami had a small rowboat.
Sami had a small suitcase.
Sami had a small toy truck with a loose wheel.
Sami had a smaller dog.
Sami had a snap.
Sami had a sniffing dog.
Sami had a soccer ball.
Sami had a soft spot for Layla.
Sami had a son with his mistress.
Sami had a sophisticated alarm system.
Sami had a speech impediment.
Sami had a spiral notebook.
Sami had a squeaky voice.
Sami had a stack of magazines to read.
Sami had a stalker in high school.
Sami had a stalker.
Sami had a stepsister.
Sami had a sting in mind.
Sami had a stomach flu.
Sami had a stomachache.
Sami had a store in the mall.
Sami had a store that seemed to be making money.
Sami had a strange preoccupation.
Sami had a strange profile picture on Facebook.
Sami had a strange way of expressing sympathy.
Sami had a stroke.
Sami had a strong bond with that child.
Sami had a strong passion with that.
Sami had a strong personality.
Sami had a strong relationship with the Lord.
Sami had a student visa.
Sami had a style consultant.
Sami had a successful career.
Sami had a surprise for Layla.
Sami had a surprise planned after dinner.
Sami had a surveillance camera at his store.
Sami had a suspicious online activity.
Sami had a tailor come over. He wanted a new suit.
Sami had a tailor. He wanted a new suit.
Sami had a taser.
Sami had a taste for killing.
Sami had a tattoo on his chest.
Sami had a tattoo on his shoulder.
Sami had a temper.
Sami had a temporary adjustment disorder.
Sami had a ten-inch knife.
Sami had a tendency to hit on any girl he saw.
Sami had a terrible hangover.
Sami had a test.
Sami had a theological degree.
Sami had a three-bedroom house.
Sami had a tiny apartment.
Sami had a tiny towel wrapped around his neck.
Sami had a toilet in his room.
Sami had a ton of pictures on MySpace.
Sami had a ton of tattoos.
Sami had a ton of things to write about.
Sami had a torture chamber at home.
Sami had a tough guy exterior.
Sami had a tough time adjusting to life in Egypt.
Sami had a troubled history with Layla.
Sami had a troubled past.
Sami had a troubled son.
Sami had a true desire to be different.
Sami had a tutoring business.
Sami had a two-foot sword in his hands.
Sami had a two-level apartment.
Sami had a very bad opinion about Islam.
Sami had a very bubbly life.
Sami had a very crazy mother.
Sami had a very dark side.
Sami had a very deep voice.
Sami had a very difficult life.
Sami had a very hard childhood.
Sami had a very hard time.
Sami had a very heavy accent.
Sami had a very heavy bag.
Sami had a very high fever.
Sami had a very important position.
Sami had a very nice house.
Sami had a very nice roommate.
Sami had a very patient father.
Sami had a very routine surgery.
Sami had a very strong faith that he was able to do that.
Sami had a very urgent matter to discuss with the boss.
Sami had a very vibrant personality.
Sami had a video camera on his dash.
Sami had a violent streak.
Sami had a vision for Layla of having a normal life.
Sami had a weak alibi.
Sami had a wealthy papa.
Sami had a week of training.
Sami had a well documented alibi.
Sami had a white-collar job.
Sami had a whole bunch of other siblings.
Sami had a whole collection of china dishware.
Sami had a wife and children in Egypt.
Sami had a wife and kids.
Sami had a wife.
Sami had a wire underneath his clothing.
Sami had a wonderful day.
Sami had a wonderful life.
Sami had a wrong perception of Islam.
Sami had a yoga studio.
Sami had a young manager.
Sami had a younger sister that went to Layla's school.
Sami had about six hundred dollars.
Sami had about sixteen beers.
Sami had abs.
Sami had absolutely no idea what had happened.
Sami had absolutely no idea.
Sami had access to Layla's Facebook account.
Sami had access to Layla's house.
Sami had access to the safe.
Sami had acne.
Sami had actually lived in the Cairo area.
Sami had affair with several women who were members of his congregation.
Sami had all of my info.
Sami had all the freedom to do that.
Sami had already been to three different high school.
Sami had already had six years of previous experience.
Sami had already left.
Sami had amazing opportunities.
Sami had ample time and ample opportunity to kill Layla.
Sami had an F.
Sami had an SUV.
Sami had an accident and couldn't get here earlier.
Sami had an accident.
Sami had an accomplice.
Sami had an administrative assistant.
Sami had an adorable daughter named Layla.
Sami had an affair with Layla for seven years.
Sami had an affair with Layla.
Sami had an affair with a married woman.
Sami had an affair with a young woman that he didn't really like.
Sami had an affair with his boss.
Sami had an affair.
Sami had an aha moment.
Sami had an album for his dog.
Sami had an alcohol problem.
Sami had an all-black cat.
Sami had an allergic reaction.
Sami had an amazing time with Layla.
Sami had an animal living in the apartment.
Sami had an anxiety attack.
Sami had an apartment to himself.
Sami had an apartment.
Sami had an appointment with the principal.
Sami had an appointment.
Sami had an artillery vest.
Sami had an assistant.
Sami had an awkward feeling.
Sami had an ax to grind with Layla.
Sami had an eerie feeling.
Sami had an embarrassing fight with his sister.
Sami had an emergency surgery.
Sami had an emergency.
Sami had an envelope.
Sami had an excessive sexual activity.
Sami had an excessive sweating problem.
Sami had an exit strategy.
Sami had an expensive German car.
Sami had an expensive iPod.
Sami had an expensive taste in clothing.
Sami had an extensive arms collection.
Sami had an extramarital affair.
Sami had an eye for design.
Sami had an iPod.
Sami had an ice cream cake.
Sami had an imaginary friend that lived in the closet.
Sami had an imaginary friend.
Sami had an immense amount of hatred towards Layla.
Sami had an infected wound.
Sami had an injury to his head.
Sami had an insatiable appetite for everything.
Sami had an insatiable appetite for violent sex.
Sami had an intense anxiety attack.
Sami had an interest in another girl.
Sami had an interesting spiritual experience.
Sami had an interview with a social worker.
Sami had an intuition.
Sami had an iron-clad alibi.
Sami had an issue with Layal's sister.
Sami had an issue with me.
Sami had an issue with the cash register.
Sami had an issue.
Sami had an obsession with Layla.
Sami had an obsession with getting Layla back.
Sami had an old toy truck with a missing wheel.
Sami had an older brother that was a junior.
Sami had an older brother.
Sami had an on-again-off-again affair.
Sami had an ongoing affair with Layla.
Sami had an online affair with Layla.
Sami had an online affair with a woman he never met up.
Sami had an online stalker.
Sami had an open patio.
Sami had an opportunity to help Layla.
Sami had an opportunity to help.
Sami had an opportunity.
Sami had an uneasy feeling that his life would never be the same.
Sami had another connection to the victim.
Sami had another cousin named Layla.
Sami had another day of fun in the sun.
Sami had another friend who was bartending.
Sami had another girlfriend.
Sami had another glass of lemonade.
Sami had another glass of wine.
Sami had another idea.
Sami had another plan for Layla.
Sami had another rehearsal.
Sami had another secret love with a woman named Layla.
Sami had another stroke.
Sami had another surprise for Layla.
Sami had another woman in his life.
Sami had answers for every question.
Sami had assignments he had to finish up before class.
Sami had asthma.
Sami had at his grandmother's house.
Sami had autism.
Sami had bad eating habits.
Sami had bad experiences as well.
Sami had bad grades.
Sami had bad news for Layla.
Sami had beautiful children.
Sami had beautiful hair.
Sami had been dead for at least an hour before the paramedics arrived.
Sami had been drinking.
Sami had been talking to that girl for a month before he broke up with Layla.
Sami had behavioral issues.
Sami had better toys.
Sami had big dreams of having a lot without having to work for it.
Sami had big dreams.
Sami had bigger toys.
Sami had bipolar disorder.
Sami had black curly hair.
Sami had black gloves on.
Sami had blisters on his arms.
Sami had blood all over him.
Sami had blood all over his right arm.
Sami had blood everywhere.
Sami had blood on him.
Sami had blue eyes.
Sami had bodyguards.
Sami had boxes and boxes full of things.
Sami had breakfast at a McDonald's.
Sami had breakfast with Layla.
Sami had breakfast.
Sami had burn marks.
Sami had business failures.
Sami had cameras.
Sami had cancer of the brain.
Sami had cancer.
Sami had cars that needed fixing.
Sami had champagne with Layla.
Sami had chemistry with Layla.
Sami had children in his house.
Sami had chlamydia.
Sami had class on Tuesdays and Fridays.
Sami had classes in the afternoon.
Sami had classes in the morning.
Sami had claustrophobia.
Sami had co-conspirators.
Sami had computers and other equipment in his room.
Sami had conflicting feelings.
Sami had contact with his family.
Sami had crazy co-workers.
Sami had crazy neighbors.
Sami had creepy flashbacks.
Sami had curly hair.
Sami had dark hair.
Sami had defensive wounds on his arms.
Sami had demons he could barely contain.
Sami had deviant thoughts.
Sami had diarrhoea.
Sami had difficulty controlling his anger.
Sami had dinner and went to bed.
Sami had dinner in Cairo.
Sami had dinner with all of his friends.
Sami had dinner with his whole family.
Sami had dinner.
Sami had done a lot of interviews.
Sami had doubts about it.
Sami had doubts about the Bible.
Sami had dozens of missed calls and texts.
Sami had dreadlocks.
Sami had dreams of opening his own comic bookstore.
Sami had drugs in his car.
Sami had drugs on him.
Sami had early stages of hypothermia.
Sami had easy access to prey.
Sami had eczema.
Sami had emotional maturity issues.
Sami had enough of it.
Sami had enough time to rectify things.
Sami had enough.
Sami had every intention of going to the police department and report Layla.
Sami had every intention of staying there.
Sami had every right to be feeling like that.
Sami had every right to be upset.
Sami had everything everybody had.
Sami had everything handled at the office.
Sami had everything in life.
Sami had everything that he really wanted.
Sami had everything you could think of.
Sami had expensive cars.
Sami had expensive sectional couches.
Sami had experienced the feeling of betrayal before.
Sami had explosives.
Sami had extremely artistic.
Sami had eyes everywhere.
Sami had feelings for Layla.
Sami had food poisoning.
Sami had four children under the age of ten.
Sami had four co-conspirators.
Sami had frequent customers.
Sami had full facial hair.
Sami had fun doing YouTube.
Sami had fun watching the blood gushing from Layla's throat.
Sami had girls everywhere.
Sami had glasses and contacts.
Sami had gloves on.
Sami had gone to Cairo.
Sami had good intentions.
Sami had good reason to be possessive.
Sami had goosebumps when he heard that story.
Sami had gray hair since he was in his twenties.
Sami had greed as a motivator for murder.
Sami had green eyes.
Sami had guard dogs.
Sami had guns all over his house.
Sami had gunshot residue on his pants.
Sami had gym class.
Sami had had enough.
Sami had hard feelings.
Sami had hateful views.
Sami had heart issues.
Sami had herpes.
Sami had his animals taken away from him.
Sami had his backpack in his hand.
Sami had his backpack on.
Sami had his bar set up a little earlier than six.
Sami had his bathroom in his room.
Sami had his birthday around that time.
Sami had his body transformed with gender reassignment surgery.
Sami had his business.
Sami had his car painted silver.
Sami had his car suspension checked.
Sami had his cup in his hand.
Sami had his dirty little secret.
Sami had his donuts.
Sami had his eyes on the car the whole time.
Sami had his eyes set on that.
Sami had his fair share of fights at high school.
Sami had his fair share of horrible customers.
Sami had his finger on his lips and asked Layla not to make a sound.
Sami had his gay moments.
Sami had his girlfriend all to himself.
Sami had his gloves on.
Sami had his group of friends.
Sami had his gun.
Sami had his hair dyed darker.
Sami had his hair dyed.
Sami had his hair made into a beautiful wig.
Sami had his hands around Layla's neck.
Sami had his hands in his pockets.
Sami had his head shaved.
Sami had his headphones in.
Sami had his house cleaned by professionals.
Sami had his house renovated.
Sami had his keys.
Sami had his mobile phone in his right hand.
Sami had his mother's skin tone.
Sami had his nipples pierced.
Sami had his own apartment.
Sami had his own bedroom.
Sami had his own combination lock.
Sami had his own credit card.
Sami had his own group.
Sami had his own little room.
Sami had his own opinion.
Sami had his own parking spot.
Sami had his own plan of action.
Sami had his own plan of attack.
Sami had his own room.
Sami had his own toilet.
Sami had his phone in his hand.
Sami had his phone on during the test.
Sami had his phone on him.
Sami had his phone on the table, playing music.
Sami had his radio off.
Sami had his reputation ruined.
Sami had his scotch.
Sami had his share of smoking weed.
Sami had his shirt unbuttoned a little bit more than he used to.
Sami had his soap but not his loofah.
Sami had his students watch the video.
Sami had his surgery.
Sami had his whole head shaved.
Sami had his whole life ahead of him.
Sami had his wife there.
Sami had his windows rolled down.
Sami had his wisdom teeth extracted that day.
Sami had his wisdom teeth extracted.
Sami had his wisdom teeth removed.
Sami had horrible nightmares sometimes.
Sami had horrifying nightmares.
Sami had ice running through his veins.
Sami had illegal drugs in his system.
Sami had important things to do.
Sami had insurance on his bike.
Sami had intimate knowledge of Layla's daily life.
Sami had issues with Layla.
Sami had issues with girls.
Sami had issues with his anxiety.
Sami had issues with his roommate.
Sami had issues.
Sami had it all.
Sami had it wrong.
Sami had just a few second left.
Sami had just moved out of the flat.
Sami had just moved to Cairo the day before.
Sami had just returned from his family vacation.
Sami had just turned sixteen.
Sami had kidney cancer.
Sami had kids older than Layla.
Sami had killed Layla and waited for hours before he called 911.
Sami had knife wounds to his head and face.
Sami had knowledge about the murder.
Sami had known Layla for years.
Sami had lived with Farid and Layla.
Sami had locks.
Sami had long dreadlocks.
Sami had long hair and blue eyes.
Sami had lost his wife six years prior.
Sami had lots of followers on Facebook.
Sami had lots of friends with cars.
Sami had lots of mental and emotional problems and he treated them with alcohol.
Sami had lunch with Layla in Cairo.
Sami had lunch with Layla.
Sami had lunch with me.
Sami had lunch with them.
Sami had lunch with us.
Sami had lunch.
Sami had made his mind from the get-go.
Sami had many Muslim friends.
Sami had many affairs.
Sami had many close friends.
Sami had many imaginary friends.
Sami had many issues.
Sami had many jurors lobbying on his behalf.
Sami had many laptops.
Sami had many loves: his beer, his favorite soccer team, and methamphetamine.
Sami had many questions about that.
Sami had many reasons to want Layla dead.
Sami had many secret rituals.
Sami had marks all over his face.
Sami had math that afternoon.
Sami had me blocked on Facebook.
Sami had medical expertise.
Sami had mental health issues.
Sami had mental issues.
Sami had mental problems.
Sami had met Layla before he met Farid.
Sami had met Layla before.
Sami had millions of admirers.
Sami had minutes to get to class.
Sami had mixed drinks.
Sami had money.
Sami had more expensive toys.
Sami had more to say.
Sami had most of Layla's classes.
Sami had motive.
Sami had moustaches.
Sami had much more freedom in that jail.
Sami had multiple accounts on Facebook.
Sami had multiple affairs with various women.
Sami had my phone in his hand.
Sami had my phone number.
Sami had natural green eyes.
Sami had natural hair.
Sami had never been single since he was twenty-six.
Sami had never done this before.
Sami had never had a dog.
Sami had never met Layla before.
Sami had never met a Muslim in his life.
Sami had never seen Layla so distraught.
Sami had never seen anything like that before.
Sami had never thought that anything like that could happen.
Sami had nightmares.
Sami had no animals in his room.
Sami had no bad blood with Layla.
Sami had no broken bones below his chest.
Sami had no choice but to go home.
Sami had no choice but to kill his dog.
Sami had no choice but to surrender.
Sami had no choice but to tell Layla the truth.
Sami had no choice.
Sami had no classes with Layla.
Sami had no cleaning skills.
Sami had no clue about that.
Sami had no clue at all.
Sami had no clue he was dating his best friend's ex.
Sami had no clue how his keys got there.
Sami had no clue how long that was.
Sami had no clue who Layla was.
Sami had no clue.
Sami had no compassion.
Sami had no conscience.
Sami had no contact with his ex.
Sami had no control of his classroom.
Sami had no control over that.
Sami had no criminal history.
Sami had no customers that day.
Sami had no desire to do that.
Sami had no destination in mind.
Sami had no direction in his life.
Sami had no dog in this fight.
Sami had no dogs or cats.
Sami had no doubt about who should be blamed for Layla's death.
Sami had no education beyond a diploma from an online high school.
Sami had no education whatsoever.
Sami had no emotional bond with his children.
Sami had no evidence to hide.
Sami had no explanation.
Sami had no family.
Sami had no fever.
Sami had no friends.
Sami had no fucking clue.
Sami had no further contact with the sheriff's office.
Sami had no hair.
Sami had no history of heart disease.
Sami had no home.
Sami had no idea Layla even went to school.
Sami had no idea Layla was Muslim.
Sami had no idea about Layla's affair.
Sami had no idea about how to convert to Islam.
Sami had no idea he would be gone for a year.
Sami had no idea how Layla know his address and full name.
Sami had no idea how Layla made her money.
Sami had no idea how hard it would be.
Sami had no idea how right he would be.
Sami had no idea that Layla had a boyfriend.
Sami had no idea that Layla hated him so much.
Sami had no idea that Layla wanted to do that.
Sami had no idea that Layla was that unhappy.
Sami had no idea that Layla was waiting for him with a gun.
Sami had no idea that he was being cheated on.
Sami had no idea that the massage was just a taste of things to come.
Sami had no idea there was a story behind that painting.
Sami had no idea what happened to Layla.
Sami had no idea what that thing was.
Sami had no idea what this means.
Sami had no idea what to do.
Sami had no idea what was going on.
Sami had no idea what was happening.
Sami had no idea where Layla was.
Sami had no idea why Layla killed herself.
Sami had no idea.
Sami had no injuries to his legs.
Sami had no intention of ever ending the affair.
Sami had no intention of leaving his wife for Layla.
Sami had no intention of reconciling with Layla.
Sami had no interest in that dog at all.
Sami had no issue with Layla.
Sami had no kids.
Sami had no knowledge of such an incident.
Sami had no known enemies.
Sami had no medical attention.
Sami had no mercy on that bitch.
Sami had no money.
Sami had no motivation to work.
Sami had no nails.
Sami had no one to answer to.
Sami had no one to discuss his problems with.
Sami had no one to turn to.
Sami had no other choice to call that number.
Sami had no other income.
Sami had no parental guidance.
Sami had no patience.
Sami had no photos on Facebook.
Sami had no place to go.
Sami had no place to hide.
Sami had no plan to change his religion at all.
Sami had no police experience whatsoever.
Sami had no problem for sharing Layla with other men.
Sami had no problem with commitment.
Sami had no proof.
Sami had no reason to doubt Layla's story.
Sami had no regrets about that whole experience.
Sami had no religion.
Sami had no remorse about that.
Sami had no remorse whatsoever.
Sami had no respect for Layla.
Sami had no respect for them.
Sami had no rights.
Sami had no survival tools.
Sami had no time to waste.
Sami had no toothbrush.
Sami had no way of knowing it.
Sami had no words to describe that.
Sami had no words.
Sami had no work experience.
Sami had nothing else to do.
Sami had nothing to do with Layla's family.
Sami had nothing to do with it.
Sami had nothing to do with that.
Sami had nothing to do with the murder of this woman.
Sami had nothing to live for.
Sami had nothing to wear.
Sami had numerous affairs with the women he met at the strip joint.
Sami had on socks but no shoes.
Sami had one beer.
Sami had one more thing to add.
Sami had one of his textbooks open.
Sami had one stab wound to his chest.
Sami had one thing in mind: to eliminate Layla.
Sami had only one class on Friday.
Sami had only one option: kill or die.
Sami had only one serious injury.
Sami had other ideas.
Sami had other people looking after his children.
Sami had other plans.
Sami had packed clothes already.
Sami had pale skin.
Sami had panic attacks.
Sami had parties every day.
Sami had patches of his hair missing.
Sami had personal information of mine.
Sami had photography class.
Sami had pictures of Layla's garden.
Sami had pictures.
Sami had pills everywhere.
Sami had plans for next weekend.
Sami had plans to go to that bar.
Sami had plans to kill Layla.
Sami had plans to sell his Cairo home.
Sami had plans.
Sami had plenty of motive to murder his wife.
Sami had plenty of photos online.
Sami had plenty of spare time.
Sami had previous offences.
Sami had problems with Layla in the past.
Sami had problems with Layla.
Sami had problems with me.
Sami had problems with one of his neighbors.
Sami had problems with self-discipline.
Sami had problems.
Sami had proof that he wasn't there.
Sami had proof.
Sami had really short hair.
Sami had red hair.
Sami had respect for Layla.
Sami had rollerblades.
Sami had room to hit Farid with a baseball bat.
Sami had roommates.
Sami had said everything that he needed to say.
Sami had sand all over his hair.
Sami had scary eyes.
Sami had school that day.
Sami had school the next day.
Sami had school the next morning.
Sami had school.
Sami had scissors all over the house.
Sami had scissors in his hand.
Sami had scratches all over him.
Sami had secrets, too.
Sami had secrets.
Sami had security cameras all around his house.
Sami had security cameras all over the bar.
Sami had security cameras in different places.
Sami had seizures.
Sami had serious feelings for Layla.
Sami had seven dollars in cash.
Sami had several murder charges.
Sami had several shots of tequila.
Sami had sex before he was married.
Sami had sex with Farid's wife.
Sami had sex with Layla 24 hours before her death.
Sami had sex with Layla without putting protection on.
Sami had sex with Layla.
Sami had sex with a sixteen year old girl.
Sami had sex with dogs.
Sami had sex with everybody.
Sami had sex with girls that had chlamydia.
Sami had sex with his ex-wife.
Sami had sex with women.
Sami had sexual intercourse with Layla.
Sami had sexually violent intentions.
Sami had sign language with Layla.
Sami had six Rolexes.
Sami had six adorable children.
Sami had six bedrooms upstairs.
Sami had six bedrooms.
Sami had six boxes of documents in his room.
Sami had six cars and one truck.
Sami had six children.
Sami had six classes in the week.
Sami had six classes that day.
Sami had six classes within a day.
Sami had six computers.
Sami had six credit cards.
Sami had six daughters.
Sami had six days to convince Layla.
Sami had six different YouTube channel.
Sami had six dogs.
Sami had six drinks.
Sami had six kids.
Sami had six minutes.
Sami had six piercings on his face.
Sami had six sons from his first marriage.
Sami had sixteen different accounts on Instagram.
Sami had sixty pairs of socks.
Sami had sixty pieces of silverware to roll.
Sami had skeletons in his closet.
Sami had skills to offer.
Sami had sleep paralysis a lot when he was a kid.
Sami had sleep paralysis.
Sami had snitches everywhere.
Sami had so many private messages.
Sami had so much anger inside of him.
Sami had so much fame then.
Sami had so much fun.
Sami had so much potential.
Sami had so much privacy in his house. That's something Layla didn't have. Her parents were so invasive.
Sami had some animosity towards Layla.
Sami had some arts and crafts things to do.
Sami had some cabbage in the fridge.
Sami had some cookies.
Sami had some drug problems.
Sami had some ego issues.
Sami had some errands to run.
Sami had some form of paranoid schizophrenia.
Sami had some issues with stealing his roommates' things.
Sami had some issues.
Sami had some mental health issue that hadn't been addressed.
Sami had some mental issues.
Sami had some news for Layla.
Sami had some oil.
Sami had some painful secrets.
Sami had some physical problems.
Sami had some power.
Sami had some psychological issues going on.
Sami had some relatives in Egypt.
Sami had some serious psychological problems.
Sami had some silverware to roll.
Sami had some space to walk.
Sami had some time.
Sami had some weird infatuation for cows.
Sami had something he desperately needed to hide.
Sami had something missing in his life: a wife.
Sami had something stuck in his throat.
Sami had something to do in the morning.
Sami had something to do with Layla's daughter's death.
Sami had something to find.
Sami had something to say about it.
Sami had something wrong with him.
Sami had space.
Sami had stacks of old newspapers in his room.
Sami had strict rules for his daughters when it came to dating.
Sami had stroke-like symptoms.
Sami had strong feelings for Layla.
Sami had such a great time with Layla.
Sami had such a sweet side.
Sami had such an innocent face.
Sami had such an issue with his age and was trying to be young again.
Sami had suicidal thoughts.
Sami had sunglasses on.
Sami had super long hair.
Sami had taken out a life insurance policy just a month before he died.
Sami had tattoos all over him.
Sami had tattoos.
Sami had tears running down his face.
Sami had terrible abdominal pain.
Sami had terrible grades.
Sami had that big smile on his face.
Sami had that deep-seated gut feeling that something wasn't right.
Sami had that emptiness inside him.
Sami had that feeling, too.
Sami had that feeling.
Sami had that joy inside of him.
Sami had that piercing for almost six years.
Sami had that teacher for science.
Sami had that thick New York accent.
Sami had that typical bad boy thing about him.
Sami had the activation code for the software.
Sami had the audacity to say this.
Sami had the best night in his life.
Sami had the brains to match his good looks.
Sami had the capability to fire Layla.
Sami had the cops sent to his house.
Sami had the key for the building.
Sami had the key to the house.
Sami had the mind of a sociopath.
Sami had the money to do it.
Sami had the money.
Sami had the most amazing feeling coming to his body.
Sami had the motive and the means to kill Layla.
Sami had the nerve to call me names.
Sami had the nerve to look at me like I was crazy.
Sami had the nerve to try to talk to Layla again.
Sami had the nicest car in town.
Sami had the opportunity and the time to commit that crime.
Sami had the proof of his allegations.
Sami had the reputation for having dated that prostitute.
Sami had the rest of the day to himself.
Sami had the right to enjoy his music.
Sami had the safety he longed for.
Sami had the same experience.
Sami had the same problem.
Sami had the same questions as I had.
Sami had the sheriff in his back pocket.
Sami had the strength to be calm.
Sami had the volume of his TV low so that he doesn't wake anyone up.
Sami had the whole house to himself.
Sami had the whole package.
Sami had the worst temper.
Sami had the wrong address.
Sami had thick moustaches.
Sami had this conversation with Layla.
Sami had this gun pointed right at me and was demanding money.
Sami had this smile on his face from ear to ear.
Sami had those scissors right in Layla's face.
Sami had thousands of followers on Facebook.
Sami had three children and a wife to support.
Sami had three dogs.
Sami had three roommates.
Sami had ties to Layla.
Sami had time to let the coastguard he was having trouble.
Sami had to accept reality.
Sami had to act before something went wrong.
Sami had to act to save his life.
Sami had to ask Layla's permission.
Sami had to ask for some money.
Sami had to be at work at six p.m.
Sami had to be honest.
Sami had to be open about his conversion to Islam.
Sami had to be prepared to take risks.
Sami had to be there.
Sami had to break the tragic news to Layla's parents.
Sami had to break up with his girlfriend.
Sami had to bring sixty bucks.
Sami had to call Farid to get permission to ask his daughter out.
Sami had to call his mom.
Sami had to call the fire department.
Sami had to carry Layla while she was drunk.
Sami had to censor some parts of the video.
Sami had to clean his office up.
Sami had to clean up his parrot's cage.
Sami had to close his store down.
Sami had to come up with another idea.
Sami had to confront the past.
Sami had to create a casting video doing a model walk.
Sami had to cut his hair.
Sami had to deal with it.
Sami had to deal with that problem constantly.
Sami had to deal with that.
Sami had to deal with this for six days.
Sami had to deal with this.
Sami had to delete Layla's number.
Sami had to disconnect that call.
Sami had to do an assignment.
Sami had to do another assignment.
Sami had to do some office things.
Sami had to do that again.
Sami had to do that online.
Sami had to do the assignment in front of the class.
Sami had to do this.
Sami had to do what he had to do.
Sami had to download that, too.
Sami had to drive Layla to the airport that morning.
Sami had to drive an hour to take me home.
Sami had to drive his own car.
Sami had to fight boys for Layla.
Sami had to fight for his life.
Sami had to fight for six years.
Sami had to find Layla.
Sami had to find a job.
Sami had to find his phone.
Sami had to find out who Layla was.
Sami had to find out who that Layla was.
Sami had to fix his bike before his friends got there.
Sami had to follow exactly what Layla wanted or he had to suffer the consequences.
Sami had to get back up.
Sami had to get out of the house.
Sami had to get out.
Sami had to get stitches.
Sami had to get that done.
Sami had to go and attend the presentation of one of our new products.
Sami had to go away for a little while.
Sami had to go back and turn the light off.
Sami had to go back to his house.
Sami had to go check.
Sami had to go down a few more stairs.
Sami had to go early.
Sami had to go home.
Sami had to go study.
Sami had to go there every night.
Sami had to go through hard time.
Sami had to go through that.
Sami had to go to a special school.
Sami had to go to class.
Sami had to go to school like that.
Sami had to go to school.
Sami had to go to that church twice a day.
Sami had to go to that meeting.
Sami had to go to the bathroom.
Sami had to go to the doctor's with his son.
Sami had to go to work very early.
Sami had to go to work.
Sami had to go with the logical choice.
Sami had to go.
Sami had to grow up way before time.
Sami had to have seen us that day.
Sami had to help Layla.
Sami had to hide.
Sami had to keep in touch with Layla.
Sami had to kill Layla.
Sami had to know those people very well.
Sami had to learn that the hard way.
Sami had to leave Layla there.
Sami had to leave the organization.
Sami had to leave the room.
Sami had to leave to return to the war.
Sami had to leave.
Sami had to let Layla know.
Sami had to live with the consequences of his actions.
Sami had to make a decision.
Sami had to make a six-hour drive to Cairo.
Sami had to make a statement, too.
Sami had to make that decision.
Sami had to manually check this.
Sami had to move forward.
Sami had to move houses.
Sami had to move into a smaller house.
Sami had to move into the apartment.
Sami had to move out.
Sami had to move to a new building.
Sami had to pay a lot of money.
Sami had to pay for it.
Sami had to pay his car insurance.
Sami had to pay his own bills.
Sami had to pay the price.
Sami had to pay two bills.
Sami had to pay.
Sami had to prove that.
Sami had to put gas in his car.
Sami had to put the manikin back together before his boss came back.
Sami had to put this video on his channel.
Sami had to raise his voice.
Sami had to really fight for his beliefs.
Sami had to really fight for it.
Sami had to rebuild his YouTube channel.
Sami had to report this to his landlord.
Sami had to rest.
Sami had to ride the bus.
Sami had to run.
Sami had to sacrifice what he loved most.
Sami had to save his marriage.
Sami had to share his space with his cousins.
Sami had to sit in that particular position.
Sami had to sit next to Layla.
Sami had to slow down.
Sami had to spend some time in jail.
Sami had to spend the night in the jungle.
Sami had to start hiding things from Layla.
Sami had to stay there.
Sami had to stop Layla in the middle of a sentence.
Sami had to stop this.
Sami had to stop what he was doing.
Sami had to take a shower.
Sami had to take his YouTube video down.
Sami had to take his medication.
Sami had to take that risk.
Sami had to take two hours off.
Sami had to talk to Layla.
Sami had to tell Layla several times that what she was doing was wrong.
Sami had to think quick.
Sami had to travel miles to get safe drinking water.
Sami had to trust himself.
Sami had to turn the TV off.
Sami had to understand this.
Sami had to use the bathroom.
Sami had to wait for another receptionist to come and relieve him.
Sami had to wait for his mom.
Sami had to walk a good long distance to get to his apartment.
Sami had to walk by the security guards.
Sami had to walk in there by himself.
Sami had to wash his sheets every day.
Sami had to wash the sheets every single night.
Sami had to watch his grandfather.
Sami had to work a night shift.
Sami had to work hard for everything.
Sami had to work overnight.
Sami had to work.
Sami had to write everything down on his pad.
Sami had tons of followers on Facebook.
Sami had tons of syringes at home.
Sami had too many memories to share.
Sami had too many secrets that he didn't want to share with Layla.
Sami had total control.
Sami had tried to commit suicide before.
Sami had trouble with relationships.
Sami had twenty entrance and exit wounds, yet he survived.
Sami had twins.
Sami had two children from a previous marriage.
Sami had two choices to make.
Sami had two classes on Friday.
Sami had two dogs in his back seat.
Sami had two drinks on that flight.
Sami had two fridges.
Sami had two jobs at once.
Sami had two jobs at the time.
Sami had two jobs.
Sami had two life insurance policies.
Sami had two master bedrooms.
Sami had two more glasses of juice.
Sami had two of his friends with him.
Sami had two problems in his life: his ex-wife and his cheating new wife.
Sami had two teenage daughters.
Sami had two women in his life.
Sami had vertigo.
Sami had very close connections to the crimes.
Sami had very extreme points of view.
Sami had very ill intentions.
Sami had very strict parents.
Sami had videos playing in his office.
Sami had violent fantasies.
Sami had visible stab wounds in the neck area.
Sami had visions.
Sami had watched a basketball game the night before.
Sami had weed brownies.
Sami had weed cookies in his room.
Sami had weed cookies.
Sami had what he wanted.
Sami had white teeth.
Sami had work.
Sami had worse charges than Layla.
Sami had yet another secret love with a girl named Layla.
Sami had zero cents to spend on anything.
Sami had zero dollars to spend on anything.
Sami hadn't even met me yet at the time.
Sami hailed Layla down.
Sami handcuffed Layla to the radiator.
Sami handcuffed Layla's hands behind her back.
Sami handcuffed his bike to a bike rack.
Sami handed Layla a copy of the Quran.
Sami handed Layla a cup of tea.
Sami handed Layla a mirror.
Sami handed Layla a piece of paper.
Sami handed Layla a pizza.
Sami handed Layla a polo shirt.
Sami handed Layla a shotgun.
Sami handed Layla the bag.
Sami handed me his phone and I put in my number.
Sami handed out a pizza to Layla and her friends.
Sami handed over all the tapes.
Sami handed that dog to Layla.
Sami handed the bottle back to Layla.
Sami handed the bottle to Layla.
Sami handed the cash to Layla.
Sami handed the cash to his manager.
Sami handed the check over to Layla.
Sami handed the check to Layla.
Sami handed the money to Layla.
Sami handed the phone to Layla.
Sami handled the bike with care.
Sami hanged out with his fellow fire fighters.
Sami hangs out a lot with that girl.
Sami happened to be an Egyptian.
Sami happened to be at that coffee shop.
Sami happened to be black.
Sami happened to be the imam of a local mosque.
Sami happened to be walking in front of Layla.
Sami harassed Layla.
Sami harassed some of his female co-workers.
Sami harbored no ill-will.
Sami hardly ever missed school.
Sami hardly had to see Layla for the rest of the year.
Sami hardly slept a wink all night, thinking about Layla.
Sami has AIDS.
Sami has Layla with him.
Sami has Layla's address.
Sami has Layla's number.
Sami has Layla's phone number.
Sami has Pan-Islamist tendencies.
Sami has a BMW.
Sami has a Bible.
Sami has a British accent.
Sami has a Facebook account.
Sami has a Ford Focus.
Sami has a Halloween costume.
Sami has a Muslim friend.
Sami has a PTSD service dog.
Sami has a Pomeranian.
Sami has a Rolex watch.
Sami has a YouTube channel.
Sami has a Youtube channel.
Sami has a bad habit.
Sami has a badge on his shirt.
Sami has a balance and needs to pay it.
Sami has a band.
Sami has a basement.
Sami has a beautiful dog.
Sami has a better idea.
Sami has a bicycle shop.
Sami has a big dog.
Sami has a big hairy dog.
Sami has a big head.
Sami has a big heart.
Sami has a big mouth.
Sami has a big sister.
Sami has a bigger TV set.
Sami has a bird's nest haircut.
Sami has a black cat.
Sami has a black dog.
Sami has a black horse.
Sami has a bloody face.
Sami has a blue car.
Sami has a blue iPod.
Sami has a brand new Ford Focus.
Sami has a brand new car.
Sami has a brand new iPod.
Sami has a brother.
Sami has a business e-mail.
Sami has a business.
Sami has a car now.
Sami has a car.
Sami has a caring and loving family.
Sami has a case of PTSD.
Sami has a certain leverage.
Sami has a chemistry test that he has to study for.
Sami has a chinchilla.
Sami has a choice.
Sami has a class in six minutes.
Sami has a clever dog.
Sami has a clock collection.
Sami has a confession, too.
Sami has a constitutional right not to take the stand.
Sami has a controlling personality.
Sami has a cooking channel on YouTube.
Sami has a cool daddy.
Sami has a copy of the Quran.
Sami has a crazy sense of humor.
Sami has a criminal record.
Sami has a custom bike.
Sami has a cute dog.
Sami has a cute kitten.
Sami has a daughter and her name is Layla.
Sami has a daughter.
Sami has a debt with me and it lasts for life.
Sami has a debt with me.
Sami has a degree in information technology.
Sami has a dentist appointment.
Sami has a desk like that.
Sami has a diary.
Sami has a different Bible.
Sami has a difficult life.
Sami has a digestive issue.
Sami has a doctor's appointment today.
Sami has a dog and a cat.
Sami has a dog and her name is Layla.
Sami has a dog in his jacket.
Sami has a dog, too.
Sami has a dog.
Sami has a driver.
Sami has a family he looks after.
Sami has a family reunion to go to this weekend.
Sami has a family.
Sami has a fashion store.
Sami has a fear of bugs.
Sami has a fence around his backyard.
Sami has a fever again.
Sami has a flashlight.
Sami has a friend in Cairo.
Sami has a friend named Layla.
Sami has a full-time job.
Sami has a funeral today.
Sami has a gangster accent.
Sami has a gas station right next to his neighborhood.
Sami has a gay friend.
Sami has a gay son.
Sami has a girlfriend back home.
Sami has a girlfriend.
Sami has a good car.
Sami has a good chance to survive.
Sami has a good heart.
Sami has a good job.
Sami has a good memory.
Sami has a good position.
Sami has a grand vision for his life.
Sami has a great crew.
Sami has a grey cat.
Sami has a group of three best friends.
Sami has a grudge about what happened.
Sami has a guinea pig.
Sami has a gun in his car.
Sami has a gun.
Sami has a gym area in his house.
Sami has a half-sister who is disabled.
Sami has a hard time trusting people.
Sami has a head shave appointment.
Sami has a high IQ.
Sami has a high school diploma.
Sami has a history of depression.
Sami has a hole in his pocket.
Sami has a huge assault rifle.
Sami has a huge bathroom.
Sami has a huge camel.
Sami has a huge list of New Year's resolutions.
Sami has a huge storage closet.
Sami has a husky.
Sami has a job to do.
Sami has a joint account with his wife.
Sami has a kitchen knife.
Sami has a kitten.
Sami has a knife.
Sami has a large following on Facebook.
Sami has a large laceration in his ribs.
Sami has a letter.
Sami has a lifetime commitment.
Sami has a list of sixty words to learn.
Sami has a little cat he calls Farid.
Sami has a little dog.
Sami has a little flat in Cairo.
Sami has a little sister.
Sami has a little zoo at home.
Sami has a long history of depression.
Sami has a long history of drug abuse.
Sami has a long rapsheet.
Sami has a long record.
Sami has a long way to go.
Sami has a lot more experience than Layla.
Sami has a lot more information about Layla.
Sami has a lot of expensive things in his room.
Sami has a lot of experience with kids.
Sami has a lot of explaining to do.
Sami has a lot of fans.
Sami has a lot of friends.
Sami has a lot of hatred inside himself.
Sami has a lot of homework to do.
Sami has a lot of money.
Sami has a lot of nightmares.
Sami has a lot of self-esteem issues.
Sami has a lot of siblings.
Sami has a lot of stories.
Sami has a lot of strange ideas.
Sami has a lot of things that he wants to accomplish.
Sami has a lot of weird stories.
Sami has a lot of work to do.
Sami has a lot to be thankful for.
Sami has a lot to say.
Sami has a loving family.
Sami has a lunch break.
Sami has a luxury car.
Sami has a luxury vehicle.
Sami has a mailbox.
Sami has a mansion in Monaco.
Sami has a mattress in his studio.
Sami has a minivan.
Sami has a mistress in Egypt.
Sami has a mistress.
Sami has a modeling agency.
Sami has a mom.
Sami has a monkey.
Sami has a new boss.
Sami has a new camera.
Sami has a new clock on his desk.
Sami has a new dishwasher.
Sami has a new girlfriend.
Sami has a new house now.
Sami has a new idea.
Sami has a new job.
Sami has a new phone.
Sami has a new professional camera.
Sami has a new puppy.
Sami has a new truck.
Sami has a nice house in Cairo.
Sami has a nice house.
Sami has a notepad.
Sami has a parent who is not Muslim.
Sami has a party house in Cairo.
Sami has a perfectly good-working toilet.
Sami has a permit that allows him to drive in this area.
Sami has a personal opinion.
Sami has a personal project.
Sami has a pet chinchilla.
Sami has a pet store.
Sami has a phobia of big bugs.
Sami has a phone call.
Sami has a photo of him in that outfit.
Sami has a photographer.
Sami has a photography website.
Sami has a pickup.
Sami has a picture from that night.
Sami has a picture of Layla on his phone.
Sami has a picture of his cat.
Sami has a pitbull and Layla, a husky.
Sami has a plan.
Sami has a prayer rug.
Sami has a presentation in the morning.
Sami has a problem with Layla.
Sami has a problem with that.
Sami has a problem.
Sami has a production company.
Sami has a professional camera now.
Sami has a professional camera.
Sami has a rapsheet a mile long.
Sami has a rare eating disorder.
Sami has a rare medical condition.
Sami has a really bad eyesight.
Sami has a really cute dog.
Sami has a really nice apartment in a very nice area.
Sami has a really thick metal door.
Sami has a record.
Sami has a ride.
Sami has a right to be angry.
Sami has a right to feel angry.
Sami has a roommate.
Sami has a second job.
Sami has a secret.
Sami has a shotgun in the back of his car.
Sami has a shovel.
Sami has a sister.
Sami has a six year old son.
Sami has a six-bedroom apartment.
Sami has a six-year old brother.
Sami has a small library in the attic.
Sami has a small regular handgun.
Sami has a social security number.
Sami has a sociopathic mind.
Sami has a soft spot for Layla.
Sami has a son.
Sami has a staggering criminal history.
Sami has a stepsister.
Sami has a storage unit in that building.
Sami has a store.
Sami has a story for you.
Sami has a strict diet.
Sami has a strict family.
Sami has a student visa.
Sami has a studio room.
Sami has a stuffy nose.
Sami has a switchblade.
Sami has a taser.
Sami has a tiny apartment in Cairo.
Sami has a very bad memory.
Sami has a very basic understanding of this.
Sami has a very crazy mother.
Sami has a very expensive bicycle.
Sami has a very expensive bike.
Sami has a very important meeting now.
Sami has a very smart dog.
Sami has a video of what happened.
Sami has a visitor.
Sami has a vlog.
Sami has a wealthy papa.
Sami has a website.
Sami has a weird Instagram name.
Sami has a weird crazy life.
Sami has a weird obsession with pickles.
Sami has a wife in Egypt with six kids.
Sami has a wife.
Sami has absolutely no background knowledge.
Sami has accepted that.
Sami has access to Layla's room.
Sami has agreed to testify.
Sami has air conditioning.
Sami has already been hired.
Sami has already been there.
Sami has already converted to Islam.
Sami has already done this years ago.
Sami has already downed his second drink.
Sami has already guessed it.
Sami has already had a few fights under his bell.
Sami has already heard about that girl.
Sami has already introduced himself.
Sami has already killed himself.
Sami has already left Egypt.
Sami has already left the party.
Sami has already left.
Sami has already made a new friend.
Sami has already made a video on this.
Sami has already made his mind.
Sami has already made up his mind that I hurt him.
Sami has already mentioned this.
Sami has already ordered something.
Sami has already paid his taxes.
Sami has already paid.
Sami has already said this.
Sami has already seen enough.
Sami has already subscribed to Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami has already subscribed to this channel.
Sami has already taken his anxiety medication.
Sami has already taken the trash out.
Sami has already talked to Layla.
Sami has already talked to her.
Sami has already told you that.
Sami has already used the coupon.
Sami has already voted.
Sami has also been seeing men.
Sami has also had an affair.
Sami has also physically abused his grandmother.
Sami has always been Islamophobic.
Sami has always been a big guy with ladies.
Sami has always been a very creative person.
Sami has always been curious about it.
Sami has always been in and out of hospital for surgeries.
Sami has always been like that.
Sami has always been like this.
Sami has always been so nice.
Sami has always been the biggest bully in school.
Sami has always been the same.
Sami has always been there to support Layla.
Sami has always been very intuitive.
Sami has always believed in God.
Sami has always bitten his nails.
Sami has always complained about his roommates.
Sami has always done this.
Sami has always felt that this painting was watching him.
Sami has always got away with that.
Sami has always had a baby face.
Sami has always had a dog around.
Sami has always had a dog.
Sami has always had a problem reading.
Sami has always had a problem with history class.
Sami has always had a problem with knowing when to stop.
Sami has always had an issue with this.
Sami has always had an obsession with acting.
Sami has always had bad roommates.
Sami has always had shitty roommates.
Sami has always had that hunger to learn.
Sami has always liked to learn about Islam.
Sami has always loved animals.
Sami has always paid every single premium.
Sami has always taken care of the finances.
Sami has always talked about Layla with lots of respect.
Sami has always wanted Layla to be happy.
Sami has always wanted more.
Sami has always wanted to be a Navy Seal.
Sami has always wanted to know this.
Sami has always wanted to move to Cairo.
Sami has always wanted to see Layla taking Salima's job.
Sami has always worried about Layla.
Sami has amassed a considerable fortune.
Sami has an abusive mentality.
Sami has an accent.
Sami has an addictive personality.
Sami has an adorable dog.
Sami has an amazing website.
Sami has an anger management problem.
Sami has an appointment today.
Sami has an appointment with his girlfriend.
Sami has an aquarium.
Sami has an attic door in his closet.
Sami has an early class.
Sami has an earring.
Sami has an ego issue.
Sami has an elevator in his mansion.
Sami has an excellent relationship with the company.
Sami has an expensive car.
Sami has an extra room and an extra bathroom.
Sami has an ice-cream truck.
Sami has an illegitimate daughter.
Sami has an imaginary friend.
Sami has an interview scheduled for 10:30.
Sami has an interview scheduled for ten thirty.
Sami has an interview tomorrow.
Sami has an issue with Layla.
Sami has an issue with that.
Sami has an issue with you.
Sami has an organic farm.
Sami has an over-inflated ego.
Sami has another TV in the attic.
Sami has another girlfriend.
Sami has another job.
Sami has another party to attend.
Sami has another plan.
Sami has another story about this.
Sami has another story for you.
Sami has anything against gays.
Sami has apparently got some time to waste.
Sami has apparently had an argument with Layla.
Sami has arrived in the clinic.
Sami has asked Layla to watch his dog.
Sami has asked me about this.
Sami has bad breath.
Sami has beautiful hair.
Sami has become Layla's life.
Sami has become Muslim.
Sami has become a priest.
Sami has become more positive.
Sami has become my Islamic teacher.
Sami has become obsessed with his appearance.
Sami has been Layla's neighbor for years.
Sami has been Muslim for six years.
Sami has been a Muslim for a whole year.
Sami has been a Muslim for six years.
Sami has been a gambler all his life.
Sami has been a server for six years.
Sami has been abducted.
Sami has been acting strange.
Sami has been admitted to the clinic.
Sami has been arrested before and he's in the system.
Sami has been arrested several times for robbery.
Sami has been asking me for this for ever.
Sami has been at work all evening.
Sami has been attacked by something or someone.
Sami has been back to Cairo since then.
Sami has been banned from college.
Sami has been banned from that store.
Sami has been baptized.
Sami has been brutally murdered in his apartment.
Sami has been bullying Layla for months.
Sami has been bullying Layla.
Sami has been bullying my brother.
Sami has been calling Layla every morning.
Sami has been calling every day.
Sami has been catfished.
Sami has been cheated on before.
Sami has been cheated on.
Sami has been cheating.
Sami has been complaining about his heart for as long as I can remember.
Sami has been complaining about that.
Sami has been complaining so much about his computer.
Sami has been completely sober from everything.
Sami has been connected with another woman.
Sami has been continuously stalking that girl.
Sami has been countless times to Egypt.
Sami has been covering this case.
Sami has been crying all night.
Sami has been dating Layla for six months.
Sami has been dating Layla.
Sami has been dead for at least a day.
Sami has been dead for six years.
Sami has been dealing with his issues.
Sami has been dealing with this for a while.
Sami has been dealing with this for months.
Sami has been diagnosed with a mental disorder.
Sami has been diagnosed with schizophrenia.
Sami has been distant and depressed for weeks.
Sami has been doing different types of videos.
Sami has been doing some growing up.
Sami has been doing something in here.
Sami has been doing this for six months.
Sami has been doing this for six years.
Sami has been doing this for years.
Sami has been doing this job consistently and every day.
Sami has been doing this since he went to high school.
Sami has been doing this.
Sami has been dreading singing in public.
Sami has been drinking all day.
Sami has been drinking in his room.
Sami has been drinking quite a bit.
Sami has been drinking very heavily.
Sami has been drinking wine.
Sami has been drinking.
Sami has been driving for six days straight.
Sami has been driving for six hours.
Sami has been duped.
Sami has been e-mailing a lady in Egypt.
Sami has been experiencing this for a while.
Sami has been fighting with Layla over child support.
Sami has been filming Layla.
Sami has been fired from this clinic.
Sami has been fixing cars for more than 36 years.
Sami has been following Layla on Twitter for a long time.
Sami has been following Layla's YouTube channel for a long time.
Sami has been following Layla.
Sami has been following me on Snapchat.
Sami has been fooled.
Sami has been getting a ton of new followers on Facebook.
Sami has been giving Layla little gifts.
Sami has been giving those dogs food and water for weeks.
Sami has been going on a shopping spree.
Sami has been going to that school for six months.
Sami has been harassing Layla all day.
Sami has been having a bad day.
Sami has been having a fling with Layla.
Sami has been having a lover.
Sami has been having a secret affair with Layla.
Sami has been having a steamy affair with Layla.
Sami has been having a steamy affair.
Sami has been having an affair with Layla.
Sami has been having an affair with a beautiful teacher named Layla.
Sami has been having an affair with a woman at work.
Sami has been having an affair.
Sami has been having inappropriate relationships with men and women.
Sami has been helping Layla out.
Sami has been here all his life.
Sami has been here for a few weeks.
Sami has been here for a long time.
Sami has been here for a very long time.
Sami has been here for like six months.
Sami has been here for six hours.
Sami has been here for six years.
Sami has been here longer than Layla.
Sami has been here this whole time.
Sami has been hiding some disturbing details about his life.
Sami has been hired.
Sami has been homeschooled his whole life.
Sami has been humiliated twice.
Sami has been ignoring Layla for weeks.
Sami has been in Egypt for six years.
Sami has been in Egypt for so many years.
Sami has been in an accident.
Sami has been in and out of jail.
Sami has been in and out of the hospital for six days.
Sami has been in and out of the hospital.
Sami has been in and out of the house.
Sami has been in jail for over six years.
Sami has been in live with Layla since they started dating.
Sami has been in love with Layla since he was sixteen.
Sami has been in that bar before.
Sami has been keeping a lover.
Sami has been keeping a secret.
Sami has been kind this entire time.
Sami has been leading this small Pentecostal church for 16 years.
Sami has been learning Arabic for about two years.
Sami has been listening to music on his phone pretty much the whole time he was decorating.
Sami has been living a double life.
Sami has been living a fairy-tale life with Layla.
Sami has been living a secret life for the last sixteen years.
Sami has been living in Cairo for six years.
Sami has been living on campus for years.
Sami has been living with Layla for six months.
Sami has been located by the police.
Sami has been locked up for 26 years.
Sami has been looking for Layla everywhere for the past ten minutes.
Sami has been looking for Layla.
Sami has been looking for a job for months.
Sami has been looking for that book.
Sami has been looking for you.
Sami has been looking on YouTube for years for this cartoon.
Sami has been lying dead in his garage for at least six days.
Sami has been lying to Layla.
Sami has been making orange juice.
Sami has been married before.
Sami has been married six times.
Sami has been married twelve times.
Sami has been messaging Layla on Instagram for a year.
Sami has been messaging Layla on Snapchat.
Sami has been meticulous about safety.
Sami has been missing for a very long time.
Sami has been missing for five days.
Sami has been moving across the world.
Sami has been murdered in his store.
Sami has been murdered.
Sami has been on YouTube for a while now.
Sami has been on the run for six years.
Sami has been placed in a hospital due to issues with his anxiety.
Sami has been playing basketball during the summer.
Sami has been playing guitar with his band for almost a year.
Sami has been playing this game all day.
Sami has been playing with his dog all morning.
Sami has been plotting to kill Layla for months.
Sami has been poisoned with antifreeze.
Sami has been poisoned with cyanide.
Sami has been preaching for years that this isn't the right thing to do.
Sami has been promoted.
Sami has been put in room sixteen.
Sami has been putting that off forever.
Sami has been reading all of the comments.
Sami has been reading the Quran.
Sami has been really enjoying this game.
Sami has been receiving these calls every fifteen minutes.
Sami has been recording his conversation with Layla.
Sami has been robbed last night.
Sami has been robbed.
Sami has been running in the neighborhood for hours, trying to find Layla's house.
Sami has been satisfying his sexual urges with teenagers online.
Sami has been saying mean things.
Sami has been scribbling on the wall.
Sami has been secretly dating Layla's little sister.
Sami has been seeing a girl from work.
Sami has been seeing another girl.
Sami has been sending Layla Facebook messages.
Sami has been separated from Layla for six months.
Sami has been separated from his mother for weeks.
Sami has been sexually molesting my sister.
Sami has been shot six times while seated.
Sami has been shot.
Sami has been sick.
Sami has been single for a long time.
Sami has been single for about a year.
Sami has been sitting in this detention facility for six years.
Sami has been sixteen for some time now.
Sami has been sleeping in the living room.
Sami has been sleeping with Layla.
Sami has been sleeping with a married woman.
Sami has been sleeping with one of Layla's closest friends.
Sami has been smoking weed all night.
Sami has been sneezing all afternoon.
Sami has been so busy with work.
Sami has been so friendly and so kind.
Sami has been so hard on Layla.
Sami has been spending his nights on the couch.
Sami has been spending time in the clinic with a nurse named Layla.
Sami has been stalking Layla.
Sami has been staying over for a week.
Sami has been stealing from his family.
Sami has been stealing from the register.
Sami has been stealing his girlfriend's money.
Sami has been struggling with his homosexuality.
Sami has been suffering a lot.
Sami has been suspended I don't know how many times.
Sami has been taking good care of the dog.
Sami has been talking about Layla.
Sami has been talking about this.
Sami has been talking on his cellphone for about twenty minutes.
Sami has been talking to Layla for a few nights.
Sami has been talking to Layla for at least a year.
Sami has been talking to Layla for six months.
Sami has been talking to Layla online.
Sami has been talking to Layla.
Sami has been talking to me a lot about racing cars.
Sami has been telling me the first story for over six months.
Sami has been terminated from his employment.
Sami has been texting Layla all day.
Sami has been there a couple of times.
Sami has been there an hour or two.
Sami has been there before.
Sami has been there for five or six months.
Sami has been there for six days.
Sami has been there longer than Layla.
Sami has been there over six hours.
Sami has been there so many times.
Sami has been there.
Sami has been thinking about it.
Sami has been thinking about this for a few months.
Sami has been thinking about this for like a few months now.
Sami has been thinking about this for so long.
Sami has been thinking of shaving his head.
Sami has been through a difficult transition.
Sami has been through a hard transition.
Sami has been through a lot of punishment.
Sami has been through a painful divorce.
Sami has been through a similar thing.
Sami has been through enough crap already.
Sami has been through it.
Sami has been through so much in his life.
Sami has been through the same thing.
Sami has been thrust into a role he never imagined.
Sami has been to Egypt.
Sami has been to college before.
Sami has been to prison.
Sami has been to several funerals.
Sami has been to this steak house several times.
Sami has been told no.
Sami has been too soft on Layla.
Sami has been touching on Layla in her sleep.
Sami has been trained to work in a place like this.
Sami has been traveling a lot.
Sami has been treated for a chest disease.
Sami has been trying really hard to be quiet.
Sami has been trying to get Layla's address and phone number.
Sami has been trying to reach Layla all morning.
Sami has been trying to reach Layla for weeks, with no luck.
Sami has been tutoring a freshman with math.
Sami has been unfaithful with other women.
Sami has been unwell.
Sami has been uploading six videos per week this month.
Sami has been very busy preparing for the party.
Sami has been vlogging like crazy lately.
Sami has been waiting for Layla.
Sami has been waiting for at last half an hour already.
Sami has been waiting for days.
Sami has been waiting for six hours.
Sami has been waiting for that moment for over six years.
Sami has been waiting for this.
Sami has been waiting in his car.
Sami has been wanting to go see that nightclub.
Sami has been wanting to hear this story.
Sami has been wanting to tell Layla this.
Sami has been washing the whole night.
Sami has been watching Layla for months.
Sami has been watching Layla's YouTube channel for a while.
Sami has been watching Layla's videos for a while.
Sami has been watching this channel for a while.
Sami has been with Layla for almost six years.
Sami has been with us for some time.
Sami has been working all time.
Sami has been working at an office since he was twenty six years old.
Sami has been working at different nightclubs.
Sami has been working at this bar for six months.
Sami has been working here for like six years now.
Sami has been working here for six years.
Sami has been working here since June.
Sami has been working late at home.
Sami has been working on his Youtube channel.
Sami has been working on the YouTube video for six days.
Sami has been working so hard on that.
Sami has been working there for a while.
Sami has been working there for six months.
Sami has been working there for six years.
Sami has been working there.
Sami has been working with the cops all along.
Sami has betrayed Layla in a way.
Sami has better morals now.
Sami has big hair.
Sami has bills to pay.
Sami has bills.
Sami has black boots.
Sami has black hair.
Sami has blond hair and Layla has dark hair.
Sami has blue eyes.
Sami has bought a new car.
Sami has broken Layla's heart.
Sami has broken that commitment.
Sami has brought his friends.
Sami has brought his hookah in a backpack.
Sami has built his bike from the ground up.
Sami has called me about Layla.
Sami has cash right here.
Sami has changed a little bit.
Sami has changed a lot in six years.
Sami has changed for the better.
Sami has changed his mind.
Sami has changed his ways.
Sami has changed my life completely.
Sami has chinchillas.
Sami has chlamydia now.
Sami has chosen to stay in Cairo.
Sami has class now.
Sami has class.
Sami has color TV.
Sami has come so far.
Sami has committed suicide.
Sami has company.
Sami has completely disappeared.
Sami has completely refused to testify.
Sami has covered his traces very well.
Sami has crap to do.
Sami has crazy customers.
Sami has curly hair.
Sami has cut his hair recently.
Sami has daffodils in his backyard.
Sami has dated so many girls.
Sami has decided he had enough.
Sami has decided to become a translator.
Sami has decided to bleach his hair.
Sami has decided to come back.
Sami has decided to convert to Islam.
Sami has decided to go and join his family in Egypt.
Sami has definitely learned his lesson.
Sami has developed a weird phobia of cars.
Sami has diabetes.
Sami has died from antifreeze poisoning.
Sami has discovered everything.
Sami has done a good job today.
Sami has done a lot of crazy shit.
Sami has done enough talking.
Sami has done everything right.
Sami has done his time in jail.
Sami has done irreparable damage to his life.
Sami has done it.
Sami has done music before.
Sami has done nothing.
Sami has done something terrible.
Sami has done the worst things to Layla.
Sami has done this a few times.
Sami has done this drive a million times.
Sami has done this to Layla.
Sami has done time for bank robbery.
Sami has done videos on this topic in the past.
Sami has done worse.
Sami has drifted too far from Egypt's shore.
Sami has drugs on him.
Sami has dyed hair.
Sami has dyed his hair.
Sami has ended his affair with Layla.
Sami has ended this affair months ago.
Sami has endured this before.
Sami has even more to reveal.
Sami has even never had a girlfriend.
Sami has everything there.
Sami has exhausted his legal avenues.
Sami has experienced a lot of paranormal stuff in his life.
Sami has experienced a lot of paranormal stuff.
Sami has faith in Layla and you don't.
Sami has faith in Layla.
Sami has fallen hard for a comely co-worker.
Sami has fallen in love.
Sami has family in Cairo.
Sami has family in East Jerusalem.
Sami has feelings for Layla and she doesn't like that.
Sami has feelings for Layla.
Sami has feelings, desires, and fears.
Sami has female patients.
Sami has filmed a video.
Sami has filmed this.
Sami has finally done something right.
Sami has finally emerged from his coma.
Sami has finally finished doing that.
Sami has finally got Layla.
Sami has finally got the nerve to call his dad.
Sami has finally left.
Sami has finally said something.
Sami has finally said yes.
Sami has finally seen Layla.
Sami has finished high school.
Sami has five or six strippers.
Sami has followed Layla here.
Sami has fond memories of that pizza.
Sami has forgiven that guy.
Sami has forgotten Layla's name.
Sami has forgotten his bag.
Sami has found another girlfriend.
Sami has found his dream home.
Sami has found his money.
Sami has found what he loves in life.
Sami has four wives.
Sami has friends who smoke weed.
Sami has full custody of his son Farid.
Sami has girly hands.
Sami has given Layla everything in life.
Sami has given Layla opportunities that she would never had.
Sami has given me his number.
Sami has gone on a horrific date.
Sami has gone so deep in this.
Sami has gone through racism just for being Muslim.
Sami has got a big house across the street.
Sami has got a bottle of wine.
Sami has got a career ahead of him.
Sami has got a deep laceration by his ribs.
Sami has got a flu.
Sami has got a gift for Layla.
Sami has got a gun.
Sami has got a huge TV in the basement.
Sami has got a job.
Sami has got a letter from his school.
Sami has got a lot of stories.
Sami has got a lot of stuff to get off his chest.
Sami has got a new camera.
Sami has got a new job.
Sami has got a nice car.
Sami has got a problem.
Sami has got a raise today.
Sami has got a sore throat.
Sami has got a surprise for Layla.
Sami has got a tattoo.
Sami has got a terrible book.
Sami has got a two-bedroom apartment.
Sami has got a very narrow opportunity to tell the truth.
Sami has got a wife.
Sami has got big teeth.
Sami has got blood all over his head.
Sami has got company.
Sami has got contusions.
Sami has got his own car.
Sami has got hold of a gun.
Sami has got many stories to tell.
Sami has got no money.
Sami has got plenty to say.
Sami has got six months to change this.
Sami has got some bad news for Layla.
Sami has got some explaining to do.
Sami has got some mail from Layla.
Sami has got some money in his savings.
Sami has got something for Layla.
Sami has got something in his hand.
Sami has got the tickets.
Sami has got to be creative.
Sami has got to calm down.
Sami has got to do something.
Sami has got to do this.
Sami has got to finish his job.
Sami has got to fucking stop doing this.
Sami has got to get rid of his girlfriend.
Sami has got to go out.
Sami has got to go.
Sami has got to hide anything he is doing.
Sami has got to make it himself.
Sami has got to prove it.
Sami has got to see this.
Sami has got to start from the bottom.
Sami has got to talk to Layla.
Sami has got to tell Layla about that.
Sami has got to tell Layla.
Sami has got to try by himself.
Sami has got to watch his figure.
Sami has got trouble.
Sami has got what he wanted.
Sami has gotten a job in Egypt.
Sami has gotten away from Islam.
Sami has gotten lost in the jungle.
Sami has gotten married.
Sami has gotten so used to being waited on.
Sami has gotten to know everyone really well.
Sami has gotten used to being waited on.
Sami has grown frantic.
Sami has grown six inches.
Sami has grown so much.
Sami has grown too comfortable with his double life.
Sami has grown up.
Sami has had a baby with Layla.
Sami has had a bad morning.
Sami has had a change of heart.
Sami has had a creepy experience.
Sami has had a crush on Layla for so long.
Sami has had a great time so far.
Sami has had a hard day.
Sami has had a long day and he's too tired now.
Sami has had a lot of crazy things happening in his life.
Sami has had a lot of run-ins with the law.
Sami has had a lot of time to process everything.
Sami has had a lot of ups and downs.
Sami has had a number of affairs.
Sami has had a paranormal experience.
Sami has had a really rough upbringing.
Sami has had a traumatic childhood.
Sami has had a very hard day.
Sami has had an affair.
Sami has had an incestuous relationship with his daughter.
Sami has had enough of Cairo.
Sami has had enough of Layla's cheating and lies.
Sami has had enough of Layla's defiance.
Sami has had enough of this.
Sami has had enough.
Sami has had his fair share of fights in school.
Sami has had nothing to eat all day.
Sami has had the worst day ever.
Sami has had this car for six years.
Sami has had too many close call.
Sami has had trouble getting hold of Layla.
Sami has harmed Layla too much.
Sami has hatched a plan of his own.
Sami has headphones.
Sami has heard a lot of shit about Layla.
Sami has heard about Layla.
Sami has heard of this story.
Sami has heard that before.
Sami has heard that noise before.
Sami has heard that story.
Sami has heard the affair rumors.
Sami has heard this tale of domestic infidelity dozens of times.
Sami has his ID.
Sami has his house key.
Sami has his license but doesn't drive.
Sami has his opinions.
Sami has his own apartment.
Sami has his own bedroom.
Sami has his own car now.
Sami has his own car.
Sami has his own closet.
Sami has his own job.
Sami has his own methods.
Sami has his own morning routine.
Sami has his own opinion.
Sami has his own opinions.
Sami has his own place.
Sami has his own reasons for that.
Sami has his own room.
Sami has his own tech business.
Sami has his own toilet.
Sami has his own website.
Sami has his phone in his hand.
Sami has his phone number on Facebook.
Sami has his regulars.
Sami has his sunglasses on.
Sami has his whole day to do his own shit.
Sami has humiliated Layla in front of everyone.
Sami has hurt Layla before.
Sami has immediate family in Cairo.
Sami has important things to do.
Sami has invited everybody to his party.
Sami has issues with authority.
Sami has issues with girls.
Sami has issues with his dog getting in the neighbor's yard.
Sami has issues with his girlfriend.
Sami has issues with the store manager.
Sami has issues with women.
Sami has issues.
Sami has it all under control.
Sami has just arrived.
Sami has just been hit by a drunk driver.
Sami has just been kicked out of the bar.
Sami has just been notified of this.
Sami has just been promoted.
Sami has just been released.
Sami has just been to the mechanic.
Sami has just been told of Layla's infidelity.
Sami has just caught Layla on the phone with another guy.
Sami has just cleaned the silverware.
Sami has just clipped the wings of his parrot.
Sami has just come back from Cairo.
Sami has just come from the country club.
Sami has just converted to Islam.
Sami has just created a new website.
Sami has just died.
Sami has just done some stupid shit.
Sami has just finished a long hike.
Sami has just finished visiting Layla.
Sami has just found his son's body.
Sami has just found out that Layla has been cheating on him.
Sami has just found that Layla is pregnant.
Sami has just freshly turned sixteen.
Sami has just gone to the mechanic.
Sami has just got divorced.
Sami has just got himself a zero.
Sami has just got hired at Layla's job.
Sami has just got hired by Layla.
Sami has just got his first little job.
Sami has just got home a few minutes ago.
Sami has just got new skis.
Sami has just got out of a relationship.
Sami has just got out of jail.
Sami has just gotten his car.
Sami has just gotten his hair cut.
Sami has just gotten home.
Sami has just gotten out of a relationship.
Sami has just graduated high school.
Sami has just had a narrow escape from a delusional stalker.
Sami has just had an operation.
Sami has just had surgery.
Sami has just heard from Layla.
Sami has just heard the door open.
Sami has just hit an 18-wheeler.
Sami has just killed his parents.
Sami has just left Layla after three months of marriage.
Sami has just left work.
Sami has just left.
Sami has just lost his home.
Sami has just lost his house and wife.
Sami has just met a new friend.
Sami has just moved back to Cairo.
Sami has just moved in.
Sami has just moved into his new house.
Sami has just moved into his new place.
Sami has just moved out of that flat.
Sami has just moved to a new neighborhood.
Sami has just opened his law firm.
Sami has just ordered another round.
Sami has just paid for the car.
Sami has just passed away.
Sami has just proposed to Layla.
Sami has just reached his breaking point.
Sami has just recently moved and he's still unpacking.
Sami has just recorded a new video.
Sami has just retired.
Sami has just returned from Egypt.
Sami has just said that.
Sami has just seen the list.
Sami has just seen your post.
Sami has just started his shift.
Sami has just started life.
Sami has just started serving.
Sami has just taken his braces off.
Sami has just talked about that.
Sami has just turned sixteen.
Sami has just turned sixty.
Sami has just wandered off.
Sami has kept his life as a dancer a secret.
Sami has kids now.
Sami has kids.
Sami has killed at least three other people before.
Sami has known Layla for a while.
Sami has known Layla for six years.
Sami has known Layla for sixteen years.
Sami has known Layla for years.
Sami has known Layla from college.
Sami has known Layla since she was probably six years old.
Sami has known Layla since sixth grade.
Sami has known Layla since they were teenagers.
Sami has learned a lot of things since his conversion to Islam.
Sami has learned his lesson.
Sami has learned lots of things over the years.
Sami has learned something from this.
Sami has left his life in Cairo behind to search for his daughter.
Sami has left that apartment.
Sami has left the room.
Sami has legal custody.
Sami has less hours than Layla.
Sami has lied to me in the past.
Sami has lied to us before.
Sami has little hair.
Sami has lived here all his life.
Sami has lived here for a really long time.
Sami has lived his entire life in Cairo.
Sami has lived in Cairo for a long time.
Sami has lived in Egypt his entire life.
Sami has lived in Egypt since 2016.
Sami has lived in this hood for about six years.
Sami has lived most of his adult life in Cairo.
Sami has lived there for quite a few years.
Sami has lived with girls his whole life.
Sami has long gorgeous hair.
Sami has long hair.
Sami has long shown signs of fear and paranoia.
Sami has long toe nails.
Sami has lost a lot of blood and he's very weak.
Sami has lost a lot of blood.
Sami has lost his job.
Sami has lost so much weight.
Sami has lots of work to do.
Sami has made a big impression.
Sami has made a fool of himself.
Sami has made a judgment error.
Sami has made a mess of his life.
Sami has made a mess.
Sami has made a mistake.
Sami has made a new video.
Sami has made a number of enemies around town.
Sami has made his choice.
Sami has made his first YouTube video.
Sami has made some adjustments.
Sami has managers.
Sami has many camels.
Sami has many crazy stories.
Sami has many customers.
Sami has many dating stories.
Sami has many followers on Facebook.
Sami has many followers on Twitter.
Sami has many haters.
Sami has many more stories to tell about that restaurant.
Sami has many stories about this.
Sami has many toy weapons.
Sami has many weaknesses.
Sami has matured.
Sami has mental issues.
Sami has mentioned this before.
Sami has met Layla before.
Sami has met a woman he's going to marry.
Sami has met new friends on vacation.
Sami has met new people on vacation.
Sami has met somebody nice.
Sami has meth in his house.
Sami has millions of dollars.
Sami has missed his chance for ever.
Sami has money.
Sami has more information for me.
Sami has more than enough trouble of his own.
Sami has moved in.
Sami has moved on and has learned.
Sami has moved on but his ex has not.
Sami has moved on with his life and is doing well.
Sami has moved on.
Sami has moved past it.
Sami has moved to the new block.
Sami has moved to this location.
Sami has multiple YouTube channels.
Sami has multiple girlfriends at a time.
Sami has multiple girlfriends.
Sami has multiple sexual partners.
Sami has mysteriously gone missing.
Sami has neighbors from hell.
Sami has never asked Layla for anything.
Sami has never been a server in his life.
Sami has never been able to describe his attacker.
Sami has never been afraid of the jungle.
Sami has never been an animal person.
Sami has never been bullied before.
Sami has never been catfished.
Sami has never been here before.
Sami has never been in Layla's car.
Sami has never been in a fight in his life.
Sami has never been in a library.
Sami has never been in a place like this after dark.
Sami has never been in a serious relationship.
Sami has never been in a situation like that.
Sami has never been in an elementary school before.
Sami has never been in an environment like that.
Sami has never been in that situation before.
Sami has never been in this situation.
Sami has never been in trouble his whole life.
Sami has never been into plastic surgery.
Sami has never been married.
Sami has never been more thankful to be alive.
Sami has never been so scared in his life.
Sami has never been that serious with anybody.
Sami has never been the person to go to counselors.
Sami has never been this hungry in his life.
Sami has never been to Cairo.
Sami has never been to Egypt before.
Sami has never been to Egypt.
Sami has never been to Layla's house.
Sami has never been to a bar in his whole entire life.
Sami has never been to a funeral.
Sami has never been to a high school party.
Sami has never been to any daycare.
Sami has never been to church camp.
Sami has never been to that festival.
Sami has never been to that mall.
Sami has never believed Layla.
Sami has never broken the law.
Sami has never called anybody "Dad."
Sami has never come in contact with a transgender person.
Sami has never complained about Layla.
Sami has never considered being a model.
Sami has never dated outside of high school.
Sami has never done drugs in his life.
Sami has never done that before.
Sami has never done that.
Sami has never done this before.
Sami has never done this to me.
Sami has never eaten sushi.
Sami has never ever talked to Layla in his life.
Sami has never experienced that.
Sami has never felt so awful in his entire life.
Sami has never felt this before.
Sami has never felt this feeling before.
Sami has never fought anybody before.
Sami has never given Layla a reason to be afraid of him.
Sami has never got a chance to be with that girl alone.
Sami has never got a good job.
Sami has never had Mrs Bakir as a teacher.
Sami has never had a boss like this.
Sami has never had a cavity in his life.
Sami has never had a crush on anybody.
Sami has never had a dog that was acting like this.
Sami has never had a dog.
Sami has never had a migraine headache.
Sami has never had a moment like that.
Sami has never had a sip of alcohol.
Sami has never had a whole lot of health issues.
Sami has never had children.
Sami has never had his feelings before.
Sami has never had trouble with the law.
Sami has never heard of Walmart in his entire life.
Sami has never heard of a place called Paraguay.
Sami has never heard that before.
Sami has never heard this before.
Sami has never heard this story.
Sami has never hugged Layla.
Sami has never kissed Layla.
Sami has never lied to me like that.
Sami has never listened to Michael Jackson since then.
Sami has never loved you.
Sami has never made an enemy his entire life.
Sami has never made me feel that way.
Sami has never met Layla before in his life.
Sami has never met Layla before.
Sami has never met Layla in person.
Sami has never purchased a wig.
Sami has never read the lease contract.
Sami has never read this story in his life.
Sami has never really thought about it.
Sami has never said it.
Sami has never seen Layla around here.
Sami has never seen Layla before in his life.
Sami has never seen Layla in a relationship.
Sami has never seen Layla in his life.
Sami has never seen Layla wear a cross necklace.
Sami has never seen Layla's face before.
Sami has never seen Layla.
Sami has never seen a dog doing this before.
Sami has never seen a gun in his entire life.
Sami has never seen a lease contract before.
Sami has never seen a projection room.
Sami has never seen anybody with a pomsky.
Sami has never seen anything like it.
Sami has never seen anything like that in his whole life.
Sami has never seen anything like this house.
Sami has never seen coke in his entire life.
Sami has never seen his dad cry before in his life.
Sami has never seen his mom.
Sami has never seen it before.
Sami has never seen my face before.
Sami has never seen that man again.
Sami has never seen that part of his mom.
Sami has never seen this before.
Sami has never seen this girl in his life.
Sami has never smoked weed.
Sami has never spoken in public before.
Sami has never stopped claiming his innocence.
Sami has never stopped praying for Layla.
Sami has never suspected anything.
Sami has never taken acid.
Sami has never taken this much drugs.
Sami has never talked about this.
Sami has never talked to a Muslim before.
Sami has never talked to that girl a day in his entire life.
Sami has never tested it.
Sami has never told this story.
Sami has never tried a dating app in his life.
Sami has never visited Egypt.
Sami has new videos up.
Sami has nice skin.
Sami has no clue about Layla's past.
Sami has no clue how long this video is going to be.
Sami has no clue how long this video is gonna be.
Sami has no clue what's wrong with him.
Sami has no clue.
Sami has no computer.
Sami has no criminal records.
Sami has no empathy for people's feelings whatsoever.
Sami has no friends.
Sami has no future.
Sami has no idea how Layla found his address.
Sami has no idea how Layla knew his name.
Sami has no idea how much Layla wanted to see him.
Sami has no idea how much a trip to Egypt costs.
Sami has no idea how this happened.
Sami has no idea how to use this.
Sami has no idea to this day how Layla got his name and number.
Sami has no idea what I am talking about.
Sami has no idea what I'm talking about.
Sami has no idea what is going on.
Sami has no idea what is happening.
Sami has no idea what this video is about.
Sami has no idea what to do.
Sami has no idea what you are talking about.
Sami has no idea what's going on.
Sami has no idea what's up.
Sami has no idea where Layla lives.
Sami has no idea.
Sami has no intentions of marrying Layla.
Sami has no money to spare now.
Sami has no money.
Sami has no more explaining to do.
Sami has no motivation.
Sami has no passport.
Sami has no problem with me.
Sami has no problem.
Sami has no reason to feel uncomfortable.
Sami has no reason to hide who he is.
Sami has no reason to hide.
Sami has no regrets.
Sami has no remorse.
Sami has no rental history.
Sami has no right to access the adoption records.
Sami has no right to bring me here.
Sami has no secrets.
Sami has no shortage of stories to tell about this.
Sami has no time to film new videos.
Sami has no way to run.
Sami has no weed to smoke.
Sami has nobody to talk to.
Sami has not changed his mind.
Sami has not finished his work.
Sami has nothing against those girls.
Sami has nothing else to say.
Sami has nothing to apologize for.
Sami has nothing to do with any of this.
Sami has nothing to do with it.
Sami has nothing to do with me.
Sami has nothing to do with that person.
Sami has nothing to do with this.
Sami has nothing to fear.
Sami has nothing to talk about.
Sami has nowhere to go.
Sami has officially gone missing on June 6th, 2006.
Sami has one dog.
Sami has one thing on his mind: revenge.
Sami has only been friends with Layla for six months.
Sami has only been here for six months.
Sami has only two people he can trust: Layla and Farid.
Sami has opened a new store in Cairo.
Sami has osteoporosis.
Sami has over sixty thousand subscribers on YouTube.
Sami has overcome that.
Sami has paid a stiff price for his service.
Sami has passed away.
Sami has performed Umrah twice.
Sami has personally seen Layla do hard drugs.
Sami has photographs.
Sami has pictures of the baby.
Sami has pictures.
Sami has plans with Layla.
Sami has plenty of money.
Sami has plenty of time.
Sami has positive memories from that neighborhood.
Sami has posted the video.
Sami has previously had a heart attack.
Sami has probably done something bad.
Sami has probably experienced stuff like this before.
Sami has probably gotten the point.
Sami has probably never been in a fight in his life.
Sami has probably never heard of this country.
Sami has probably spent all the money by now.
Sami has problems with those types of things.
Sami has problems.
Sami has propensity for violence.
Sami has purchased a beautiful wig.
Sami has quit doing drugs. He isn't going to touch this shit.
Sami has reached his tipping point.
Sami has read every one of those books.
Sami has read the Quran.
Sami has realized that.
Sami has really bad flashbacks.
Sami has really caused a lot of problems around here.
Sami has really changed.
Sami has really got Layla's ass.
Sami has really got to go.
Sami has really pissed off the wrong guy.
Sami has really ruined my night.
Sami has reason to be upset.
Sami has recently been hired.
Sami has recently divorced his second wife.
Sami has recently gotten a girlfriend.
Sami has recently graduated.
Sami has recently lost a receptionist.
Sami has recently lost his mother.
Sami has recently purchased a life insurance policy.
Sami has recently relocated south.
Sami has responsibilities towards his family.
Sami has roamed all over Egypt.
Sami has royally fucked up.
Sami has run track for so many years.
Sami has said this previously.
Sami has saved the snapshot.
Sami has scared everybody.
Sami has seen Layla a lot today.
Sami has seen Layla around his school but he doesn't know her name.
Sami has seen Layla at different parties.
Sami has seen Layla before.
Sami has seen Layla do it before.
Sami has seen Layla on campus.
Sami has seen Layla several times.
Sami has seen Layla's other videos.
Sami has seen Layla's video.
Sami has seen crazier things.
Sami has seen enough.
Sami has seen every medical show on TV.
Sami has seen everything there is to see.
Sami has seen his mom suffer and struggle.
Sami has seen it, too.
Sami has seen that car all over town.
Sami has seen the ghost in the mirror.
Sami has seen this musical.
Sami has seen this video.
Sami has sent Layla six e-mails.
Sami has set a deadly storm in motion.
Sami has severe diabetes.
Sami has severely struggled with mental health issues.
Sami has sex with everybody, including underage girls.
Sami has sex with everybody.
Sami has sex with girls.
Sami has siblings.
Sami has significantly increased his insurance.
Sami has simply left his wife.
Sami has simply left on his own.
Sami has simply walked away.
Sami has six brothers and sisters.
Sami has six brothers.
Sami has six daughters.
Sami has six different Facebook accounts.
Sami has six different bank accounts.
Sami has six different credit cards.
Sami has six different e-mail addresses.
Sami has six different phone numbers.
Sami has six dogs now.
Sami has six dogs that are currently living in his house.
Sami has six felony charges against him.
Sami has six minutes to get there.
Sami has six minutes.
Sami has six siblings and he's the oldest.
Sami has six sisters.
Sami has six stepchildren.
Sami has sixty spelling words to memorize.
Sami has skipped town.
Sami has so many friends that screwed him over.
Sami has so many great things he wants to show Layla.
Sami has so many misconceptions about Islam.
Sami has so many pets.
Sami has so many pictures of Layla.
Sami has so many stories about that.
Sami has so many stories to tell.
Sami has so much candy.
Sami has so much control over the way Layla lives her life.
Sami has so much experience.
Sami has so much power over Layla.
Sami has some bad news.
Sami has some bandages on.
Sami has some huge news for you, guys.
Sami has some issues.
Sami has some kind of authority.
Sami has some liquor in the freezer.
Sami has some money.
Sami has some scary stories.
Sami has some suggestions.
Sami has some weed.
Sami has something else.
Sami has something for me.
Sami has something more important to do.
Sami has something on his face.
Sami has spent so much money.
Sami has spent time here before.
Sami has spoken of suicide before.
Sami has spoken with Layla several times today.
Sami has started looking for a job.
Sami has started to disappear for long periods of time.
Sami has stolen Layla's life.
Sami has straight hair.
Sami has strong feelings for Layla.
Sami has struggled with gender identity since he was a toddler.
Sami has successfully wooed Layla.
Sami has such a lucky streak with girls.
Sami has swallowed dozens of pills and a bottle of tequila.
Sami has syringes.
Sami has taken his pills.
Sami has taken his shahada.
Sami has taken off and gone home.
Sami has taken some pills.
Sami has taken things personally.
Sami has taken three showers this afternoon.
Sami has talked to Layla before.
Sami has texted me.
Sami has the dirtiest bathroom in the world.
Sami has the evening off.
Sami has the freedom to run as fast as he wants.
Sami has the key.
Sami has the right to do that.
Sami has the right to live.
Sami has the right to talk about this.
Sami has the right to worry about his daughter.
Sami has the same iPod as Layla.
Sami has the same name as Layla's boyfriend.
Sami has the same name as my boyfriend.
Sami has thirty days to pay the invoice.
Sami has thousands of customers now.
Sami has three birth marks.
Sami has three different sets of sneakers.
Sami has three dogs living in his house.
Sami has three roommates.
Sami has to act quickly.
Sami has to ask Layla.
Sami has to ask first.
Sami has to ask his mom.
Sami has to audition.
Sami has to be careful with that.
Sami has to be crazy.
Sami has to be fair.
Sami has to be next to Layla.
Sami has to be placed in the custody of Layla in the event of his father's death.
Sami has to be really careful.
Sami has to be super careful when it comes to things like these.
Sami has to be there.
Sami has to be twenty-one to get anything from this bar.
Sami has to become Muslim.
Sami has to believe me.
Sami has to book a ticket.
Sami has to break up with Layla.
Sami has to brush his teeth.
Sami has to buy a new ticket.
Sami has to buy something.
Sami has to call the police at once.
Sami has to calm down.
Sami has to clean the bathroom.
Sami has to clean the toilet up.
Sami has to clean up his mess.
Sami has to clean up this mess.
Sami has to clear up a few things for me.
Sami has to clock in on two systems.
Sami has to come with me.
Sami has to concentrate on his work.
Sami has to control the amount of fat in his diet.
Sami has to convince Layla to go back home.
Sami has to deal with it.
Sami has to deal with that.
Sami has to deal with the consequences.
Sami has to deal with this.
Sami has to do everything they tell him.
Sami has to do his job.
Sami has to do his regular thing.
Sami has to do it again.
Sami has to do it himself.
Sami has to do something about it.
Sami has to do something about this problem.
Sami has to do that.
Sami has to do these things.
Sami has to do this today.
Sami has to do this.
Sami has to do what he has to do.
Sami has to drive less.
Sami has to drive.
Sami has to figure out what is right for him.
Sami has to figure out what's right for him.
Sami has to find Layla.
Sami has to find this dog's owner.
Sami has to find us a car.
Sami has to fix the backyard sprinkler.
Sami has to get Layla out of this place.
Sami has to get his stuff.
Sami has to get off here.
Sami has to get out now.
Sami has to get out of here.
Sami has to get out of my house.
Sami has to get out of this play.
Sami has to get over it.
Sami has to get the living room cleaned up before his father returns.
Sami has to get up and leave right now.
Sami has to go fix that.
Sami has to go home now.
Sami has to go home.
Sami has to go now.
Sami has to go out.
Sami has to go somewhere else.
Sami has to go through the kitchen.
Sami has to go to Arabic.
Sami has to go to Egypt.
Sami has to go to a new neighborhood.
Sami has to go to fix that.
Sami has to go to his bank.
Sami has to go to his chemistry class and he will see you in Arabic.
Sami has to go to the bathroom.
Sami has to go to the hospital this morning.
Sami has to go to the lab.
Sami has to go to the office.
Sami has to go with Layla to that meeting.
Sami has to go with Layla.
Sami has to go.
Sami has to has his own apartment.
Sami has to hear what has happened to Layla.
Sami has to help Layla.
Sami has to hurry up.
Sami has to keep away from Layla's family.
Sami has to know himself.
Sami has to know that the time to repay has arrived.
Sami has to know what happened.
Sami has to leave Layla.
Sami has to leave early.
Sami has to leave immediately.
Sami has to leave in the morning.
Sami has to leave right now.
Sami has to leave the premises.
Sami has to leave the room.
Sami has to let Layla rest.
Sami has to listen to Layla.
Sami has to make sacrifices.
Sami has to make sure that this is a good job for him.
Sami has to make the decision.
Sami has to move out.
Sami has to pay for the treatment out of his pocket.
Sami has to pay for this.
Sami has to pay the bills.
Sami has to pay.
Sami has to play.
Sami has to promise not to tell anybody at all.
Sami has to redo this video.
Sami has to refilm the video.
Sami has to respect Layla's decision.
Sami has to respect his manager.
Sami has to respect the way that Layla feels.
Sami has to say something.
Sami has to see Layla.
Sami has to see this.
Sami has to sign this.
Sami has to sit away from the air conditioner.
Sami has to sit with his sister.
Sami has to sleep upstairs.
Sami has to speak directly to the manager.
Sami has to speak to the person in charge.
Sami has to stand next to Layla.
Sami has to stay alert all the time.
Sami has to stay home and watch his little sister, Layla.
Sami has to stay in bed if he wants to recuperate.
Sami has to stop what he is doing.
Sami has to study.
Sami has to take Layla out of here.
Sami has to take an injection every day.
Sami has to take an injection every evening.
Sami has to take his medication.
Sami has to take this more calmly.
Sami has to talk about that.
Sami has to talk to Layla about that.
Sami has to talk to Layla.
Sami has to talk to his mom.
Sami has to tell Layla the truth even if it hurts.
Sami has to tell Layla this story.
Sami has to tell Layla what happened.
Sami has to tell her.
Sami has to tell the cops all this shit.
Sami has to tell the truth.
Sami has to think about it.
Sami has to think about this.
Sami has to try this next time.
Sami has to understand that Layla can't stop worrying about Farid.
Sami has to understand that.
Sami has to use a pencil.
Sami has to wait for Layla.
Sami has to wait for the answer.
Sami has to wait until he gets his degree.
Sami has to wake up at 6:00 am every day.
Sami has to walk.
Sami has to watch his every move.
Sami has to watch his grandfather.
Sami has to watch his mouth.
Sami has to work hard.
Sami has to work with Layla.
Sami has to work with those people.
Sami has to work.
Sami has told Layla already.
Sami has told me that.
Sami has tons of problems.
Sami has too many absences.
Sami has totally forgotten.
Sami has tried to have sex with Layla multiple times.
Sami has trust issues.
Sami has trusted the wrong man.
Sami has turned his life around.
Sami has turned sixteen today.
Sami has two YouTube channels.
Sami has two amazing little boys.
Sami has two bathrooms.
Sami has two friends: Farid and Salim.
Sami has two home provinces: Ontario and British Columbia.
Sami has two kids. One is Layla and she is sitting right here, and the other is Farid.
Sami has two roommates.
Sami has two sisters and an older brother.
Sami has two younger sisters.
Sami has unlicensed weapons.
Sami has until June 10 to finish the report.
Sami has uploaded new videos.
Sami has used Skype for years.
Sami has video evidence.
Sami has visitors.
Sami has wasted all this time doing nothing.
Sami has wasted all this time learning nothing.
Sami has watched the video.
Sami has won again.
Sami has wonderful memories with Layla.
Sami has work.
Sami has worked at Walmart before.
Sami has worked for the best of the best.
Sami has worked for this restaurant for so long.
Sami has worked there for a while.
Sami has worked there.
Sami has worked with a lot of rape victims.
Sami has worked with that photographer in the past.
Sami has worshipped the Beatles since the age of ten.
Sami has written a wonderful book about adultery.
Sami has written about this a lot on his blog.
Sami has yellow fever.
Sami has your blood.
Sami has zero doubts about that.
Sami has zero patience to people who are rude to him at work.
Sami has zero patience to people who are rude to him.
Sami hasn't appeared.
Sami hasn't become a Muslim yet.
Sami hasn't been around since Layla went missing.
Sami hasn't been back there since.
Sami hasn't been drinking wine.
Sami hasn't been hearing from Layla for six days.
Sami hasn't been here for years.
Sami hasn't been in Layla's house for weeks.
Sami hasn't been over in a while.
Sami hasn't been to Bakir Street since that moment.
Sami hasn't been very productive so far.
Sami hasn't been very transparent with us.
Sami hasn't brushed his teeth in six days.
Sami hasn't brushed his teeth in two days and hasn't showered in six.
Sami hasn't checked in yet.
Sami hasn't come out of the bathroom.
Sami hasn't cut his hair since he was six.
Sami hasn't done anything like this before.
Sami hasn't done anything to you.
Sami hasn't done anything yet.
Sami hasn't done anything.
Sami hasn't done drugs for quite a while.
Sami hasn't done this before.
Sami hasn't done this for years.
Sami hasn't done this in a long time.
Sami hasn't done this since last week.
Sami hasn't done this yet.
Sami hasn't eaten anything.
Sami hasn't eaten enough.
Sami hasn't even eaten in the last two days.
Sami hasn't even finished one page.
Sami hasn't even finished reading one page.
Sami hasn't even gone to college yet.
Sami hasn't even graduated.
Sami hasn't even started his life yet.
Sami hasn't even started.
Sami hasn't even thought about it.
Sami hasn't even thought about that.
Sami hasn't even told Layla.
Sami hasn't filmed a video in his entire life.
Sami hasn't finished his work.
Sami hasn't finished reading his book.
Sami hasn't finished yet.
Sami hasn't finished.
Sami hasn't found it yet.
Sami hasn't gone home yet.
Sami hasn't gone to his grandma's house in years.
Sami hasn't had a moment of peace all day.
Sami hasn't had sex with Layla in six months.
Sami hasn't had the pleasure of meeting Layla.
Sami hasn't heard anything about Islam.
Sami hasn't heard anything back.
Sami hasn't heard anything.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla for more than six months.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla for several years.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla for six months.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla for the last several years.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla for weeks.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla since elementary school.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla since.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla.
Sami hasn't heard from her.
Sami hasn't heard of it.
Sami hasn't heard of this story.
Sami hasn't learned to accept God's gift of love.
Sami hasn't left Layla's side.
Sami hasn't left yet.
Sami hasn't made a video in a long time.
Sami hasn't made any noise.
Sami hasn't met Layla yet.
Sami hasn't met any Muslims.
Sami hasn't met the owner of the company yet.
Sami hasn't modelled in years.
Sami hasn't noticed that.
Sami hasn't noticed this yet.
Sami hasn't noticed this.
Sami hasn't played the guitar for a very long time.
Sami hasn't prayed yet.
Sami hasn't received any letters.
Sami hasn't received any payment from the company.
Sami hasn't rid this bus for a while.
Sami hasn't said a word.
Sami hasn't said anything yet.
Sami hasn't seen Layla for a few weeks.
Sami hasn't seen Layla for years.
Sami hasn't seen Layla in a long time.
Sami hasn't seen Layla in forever.
Sami hasn't seen Layla in six years.
Sami hasn't seen Layla in years.
Sami hasn't seen a woman in over six years.
Sami hasn't seen any of Layla's previous videos.
Sami hasn't seen anyone.
Sami hasn't seen it yet.
Sami hasn't seen it.
Sami hasn't seen many videos on that.
Sami hasn't seen that.
Sami hasn't seen this video.
Sami hasn't showered in six days.
Sami hasn't shown up for a couple of shifts.
Sami hasn't shown up.
Sami hasn't slept in this apartment since last week.
Sami hasn't spoken with Layla for a while.
Sami hasn't started hiring.
Sami hasn't subscribed yet.
Sami hasn't taken the shahada or the declaration of faith.
Sami hasn't talked to Layla in a really long time.
Sami hasn't talked to Layla in like six years.
Sami hasn't talked to Layla since her birthday.
Sami hasn't talked to Layla since then.
Sami hasn't talked to Layla since.
Sami hasn't updated the website since last week.
Sami hasn't used his credit card for a full year.
Sami hasn't used his sink at all today.
Sami hasn't voted in sixty years.
Sami hasn't washed his hair in six weeks.
Sami hasn't worked at a restaurant for years.
Sami hatched a new idea.
Sami hatched a plan to deceive his wife.
Sami hatched a plan to get the money.
Sami hatched the perfect plan to murder Layla, or so he thought.
Sami hatched the perfect plan.
Sami hated Emma for her racist comments.
Sami hated Layla for her homophobic comments.
Sami hated Layla from day one.
Sami hated Layla right away.
Sami hated Layla so much.
Sami hated Layla's chihuahua.
Sami hated Layla's guts.
Sami hated Layla's hair.
Sami hated Muslims.
Sami hated being here.
Sami hated bugs.
Sami hated doing that.
Sami hated every second of that.
Sami hated everybody.
Sami hated everyone.
Sami hated gay people.
Sami hated girls with piercings.
Sami hated going to work.
Sami hated gym class.
Sami hated having his hair brushed.
Sami hated her.
Sami hated his job.
Sami hated his manager.
Sami hated his stepdad.
Sami hated his stepfather.
Sami hated me from the very first day he met me.
Sami hated me from the very start.
Sami hated me in middle school.
Sami hated me so much.
Sami hated mechanics.
Sami hated moving.
Sami hated peer pressure.
Sami hated preschool so much.
Sami hated rude customers.
Sami hated school.
Sami hated staying after school.
Sami hated that cat.
Sami hated that late shift.
Sami hated that manager.
Sami hated that name.
Sami hated that picture.
Sami hated that school.
Sami hated that teacher.
Sami hated that.
Sami hated the apartment.
Sami hated the day that Layla was born.
Sami hated the night shift.
Sami hated the party.
Sami hated the sauce.
Sami hated the video.
Sami hated them.
Sami hated this type of people.
Sami hated this work environment.
Sami hated this.
Sami hated those products.
Sami hated to go to work on Saturdays.
Sami hated us.
Sami hated walking by himself.
Sami hated water.
Sami hated working at that nightclub.
Sami hates Facebook.
Sami hates Farid.
Sami hates Layal's blue lipstick.
Sami hates Layla so much.
Sami hates Layla's dogs.
Sami hates Layla's dress.
Sami hates Layla's hair.
Sami hates Layla's older sister.
Sami hates Layla's wig.
Sami hates Layla.
Sami hates air conditioners.
Sami hates all that shit.
Sami hates all the rides of that amusement park.
Sami hates anti-college books.
Sami hates bad weather.
Sami hates birds.
Sami hates both of you.
Sami hates brushing his teeth before breakfast.
Sami hates bugs.
Sami hates cats.
Sami hates censoring videos.
Sami hates children.
Sami hates cigarettes.
Sami hates coming here.
Sami hates customers like these.
Sami hates customers who act like this.
Sami hates doing this.
Sami hates doing videos.
Sami hates early shifts.
Sami hates everything that links him to Layla.
Sami hates fat women.
Sami hates his mother.
Sami hates huge dogs.
Sami hates hurricane season.
Sami hates it.
Sami hates kids.
Sami hates managers like that.
Sami hates me.
Sami hates mean girls.
Sami hates moving houses.
Sami hates nosy people.
Sami hates prostitutes.
Sami hates rap music.
Sami hates redneck names.
Sami hates retail jobs.
Sami hates roaches.
Sami hates rude customers.
Sami hates school.
Sami hates taking showers.
Sami hates talking about money.
Sami hates tattoos.
Sami hates telling this story.
Sami hates tequila.
Sami hates that mean lady.
Sami hates that more.
Sami hates that school.
Sami hates that smell.
Sami hates that teacher.
Sami hates the bouquet.
Sami hates the smell of sweat.
Sami hates the way that air freshener smells.
Sami hates these flowers.
Sami hates this manager.
Sami hates this office environment.
Sami hates this school.
Sami hates this soup.
Sami hates this word.
Sami hates this work environment.
Sami hates this.
Sami hates to go to that movie theater.
Sami hates traffic.
Sami hates wasps.
Sami hates water.
Sami hates wavy wigs.
Sami hates when Layla does this.
Sami hates when people pet his dog unannounced.
Sami hates white people.
Sami headed West.
Sami headed back in.
Sami headed back to Cairo to work.
Sami headed down to the basement.
Sami headed for Cairo for a week.
Sami headed for home in his Ford.
Sami headed home.
Sami headed north.
Sami headed over to Layla's house.
Sami headed straight to the police.
Sami headed to his house.
Sami headed to his parents' to drop off his daughter Layla.
Sami headed to the airport.
Sami headed to the bathroom.
Sami headed up the stairs.
Sami heard Layla and Farid fight all day.
Sami heard Layla banging on the door.
Sami heard Layla breathing heavily behind him.
Sami heard Layla call out his name.
Sami heard Layla calling him.
Sami heard Layla coming home from work.
Sami heard Layla crying.
Sami heard Layla say that.
Sami heard Layla say the name "Farid."
Sami heard Layla say this clear as day.
Sami heard Layla say this.
Sami heard Layla scream.
Sami heard Layla screaming from his house.
Sami heard Layla screaming.
Sami heard Layla singing.
Sami heard Layla snickering.
Sami heard Layla snoring.
Sami heard Layla talking about that.
Sami heard Layla talking on her phone.
Sami heard Layla talking shit about him.
Sami heard Layla talking shit.
Sami heard Layla throwing up.
Sami heard Layla typing.
Sami heard Layla walking.
Sami heard Layla weeping.
Sami heard Layla whispering in the back.
Sami heard Layla yelling through the phone.
Sami heard Layla yelling.
Sami heard Layla's cries for help.
Sami heard Layla's footsteps.
Sami heard Layla's frantic cries and called the police.
Sami heard Layla's kids in the background.
Sami heard Layla's story of how she converted to Islam.
Sami heard Layla's voice and jumped off of Salima.
Sami heard Layla's voice.
Sami heard a baby crying.
Sami heard a beer bottle shattering.
Sami heard a car start up.
Sami heard a couple of cars drive by.
Sami heard a couple of students talking.
Sami heard a crash.
Sami heard a dog barking.
Sami heard a giant slam in the garage.
Sami heard a girl say that.
Sami heard a girl's voice.
Sami heard a gun click.
Sami heard a gun going off.
Sami heard a huge explosion.
Sami heard a huge slam in the garage.
Sami heard a knock on the door and assumed it was Layla.
Sami heard a knock on the door.
Sami heard a knock on the freezer door.
Sami heard a knock on the front door.
Sami heard a little tapping on the floor.
Sami heard a locker shut.
Sami heard a lot about those products.
Sami heard a lot of screaming.
Sami heard a loud bang.
Sami heard a loud crash.
Sami heard a loud noise.
Sami heard a male voice.
Sami heard a male's voice outside.
Sami heard a man's voice.
Sami heard a moan.
Sami heard a muffled voice.
Sami heard a resounding yes from the crowd.
Sami heard a scratching noise under his bed.
Sami heard a scratching noise.
Sami heard a screech.
Sami heard a shot.
Sami heard a thud.
Sami heard a thump.
Sami heard a thumping noise.
Sami heard a train in the background.
Sami heard a very loud voice.
Sami heard a voice.
Sami heard a weird noise and went out to investigate.
Sami heard a weird noise.
Sami heard a woman screaming.
Sami heard a woman's voice.
Sami heard about Layla's stepsister.
Sami heard about it.
Sami heard about that nightclub, too.
Sami heard about that.
Sami heard about the incident.
Sami heard about the murder.
Sami heard about the school that Layla was about to go to.
Sami heard all kinds of funny stories about Layla.
Sami heard all that noise.
Sami heard all this yelling.
Sami heard an airplane.
Sami heard an awful blast.
Sami heard an inner voice.
Sami heard another crash.
Sami heard another knock on his door.
Sami heard another knock on the door.
Sami heard another knock.
Sami heard another moan.
Sami heard banging.
Sami heard barking in the background.
Sami heard bumps and thuds.
Sami heard children in the background.
Sami heard commotion outside.
Sami heard dogs barking.
Sami heard everything.
Sami heard footsteps behind him.
Sami heard footsteps coming back into his room.
Sami heard footsteps in the attic.
Sami heard footsteps in the hallway.
Sami heard footsteps.
Sami heard four distinct gunshots.
Sami heard girls laughing really loud.
Sami heard gunfire.
Sami heard gunshots.
Sami heard her.
Sami heard his bathroom door open.
Sami heard his dad's voice.
Sami heard his dog barking.
Sami heard his dog crying.
Sami heard his dog growling.
Sami heard his mom crying.
Sami heard his mom talking in that room.
Sami heard his mother's voice.
Sami heard his name and turned around.
Sami heard his name over the intercom.
Sami heard his name.
Sami heard his neighbor's voice.
Sami heard his phone ringing from above him.
Sami heard his phone ringing.
Sami heard it again.
Sami heard it clear as day.
Sami heard it for himself that time.
Sami heard it.
Sami heard knocking noises.
Sami heard knocking on the wall.
Sami heard little cracks in the ceiling.
Sami heard lots of banging at night.
Sami heard me crying.
Sami heard me.
Sami heard noises.
Sami heard nothing from them for another six days.
Sami heard nothing.
Sami heard people screaming.
Sami heard people talking.
Sami heard people walking in the hallway.
Sami heard plenty of strange noises.
Sami heard rumors of Layla and Farid's affair.
Sami heard scratching noises under the table.
Sami heard scratching sounds.
Sami heard scratching.
Sami heard screaming and cussing.
Sami heard screaming.
Sami heard some dogs barking.
Sami heard some noise but he wasn't quite sure what it was.
Sami heard somebody behind him.
Sami heard somebody coming into the room.
Sami heard somebody crying for help.
Sami heard somebody scream in pain.
Sami heard somebody walk behind him.
Sami heard someone calling his name.
Sami heard someone jingling the door.
Sami heard someone say "Get out!"
Sami heard someone singing a soft eerie lullaby.
Sami heard someone walking upstairs.
Sami heard someone walking.
Sami heard something behind him.
Sami heard something moving in his closet.
Sami heard something moving in the garage.
Sami heard something spooky.
Sami heard something.
Sami heard sounds coming from the attic.
Sami heard sounds from the attic.
Sami heard sounds on the roof.
Sami heard tapping noises.
Sami heard tapping on the window.
Sami heard that Layla had been having issues.
Sami heard that Layla had been talking about him.
Sami heard that Layla had moved to Cairo.
Sami heard that Layla was back.
Sami heard that a week ago.
Sami heard that again.
Sami heard that banging on the door.
Sami heard that girl.
Sami heard that growling noise.
Sami heard that noise again.
Sami heard that noise in the closet.
Sami heard that noise.
Sami heard that shit.
Sami heard that sound again.
Sami heard that sound.
Sami heard that statement.
Sami heard that that guy was stalking Layla.
Sami heard that voice.
Sami heard that whispering.
Sami heard that.
Sami heard the Quran being recited.
Sami heard the Quran.
Sami heard the adhan for the first time.
Sami heard the alarm go off.
Sami heard the attic door open.
Sami heard the baby crying.
Sami heard the baby screaming.
Sami heard the bell ring.
Sami heard the brutal details of how his beloved son had died.
Sami heard the buzzing of an engine.
Sami heard the commotion.
Sami heard the conversation.
Sami heard the door close.
Sami heard the door knob jiggle.
Sami heard the door knob jiggling.
Sami heard the door open.
Sami heard the door opening.
Sami heard the door slam.
Sami heard the doorbell ringing.
Sami heard the entire conversation.
Sami heard the exact same thing that I did.
Sami heard the fire alarm go off.
Sami heard the freezer door shut behind him.
Sami heard the front door slamming shut.
Sami heard the front door unlock.
Sami heard the glass break.
Sami heard the glass door open.
Sami heard the knocking again.
Sami heard the loud bang.
Sami heard the noise.
Sami heard the noises in the attic, too.
Sami heard the radio.
Sami heard the same thing.
Sami heard the scream of Layla.
Sami heard the screeching.
Sami heard the shocking news.
Sami heard the shots and called 911.
Sami heard the shower go on.
Sami heard the slam.
Sami heard the sliding door close.
Sami heard the sound of a bag being crumpled.
Sami heard the squeak of the front door opening.
Sami heard the tires squealing.
Sami heard the truck driver open and shut his door.
Sami heard the vacuum cleaner being used in the other room.
Sami heard the voice of a male.
Sami heard the water running.
Sami heard the whispering again.
Sami heard the whispering.
Sami heard the whole thing.
Sami heard the word "movie."
Sami heard things creaking.
Sami heard this from Layla.
Sami heard this voice.
Sami heard those horrible screams.
Sami heard those voices.
Sami heard thunder.
Sami heard tires screeching.
Sami heard weird noises that he couldn't explain.
Sami heard weird noises.
Sami heard what I said.
Sami heard what happened.
Sami heard what sounded like a scratching noise under his desk.
Sami heard whispering.
Sami heard you.
Sami hears it.
Sami heated the food up for Layla.
Sami held Layla against the wall.
Sami held Layla at knife point.
Sami held Layla by her wrist.
Sami held Layla captive in her apartment.
Sami held Layla captive.
Sami held Layla responsible for this.
Sami held Layla's dog.
Sami held Layla's hand.
Sami held Layla's hands and told her that he loved her.
Sami held Layla's mouth open.
Sami held Layla's shoulders and squeezed them.
Sami held Layla.
Sami held a grudge against Layla.
Sami held a gun to Layla's head.
Sami held back Layla.
Sami held back some information.
Sami held down two jobs.
Sami held hatred in his heart.
Sami held his breath.
Sami held his friendship to Layla very dear to him.
Sami held his hand over Layla's mouth.
Sami held my shoulders.
Sami held on to that lifestyle.
Sami held that back.
Sami held the door open for Layla.
Sami held the door open for us.
Sami held the door open.
Sami held the phone.
Sami held the umbrella for Layla.
Sami helped Layla a lot.
Sami helped Layla and their mother around their house.
Sami helped Layla bring food.
Sami helped Layla convert to Islam.
Sami helped Layla find Farid.
Sami helped Layla find a job.
Sami helped Layla finish some of the work around the ranch.
Sami helped Layla fix her bike.
Sami helped Layla fix her car.
Sami helped Layla formulate a business model.
Sami helped Layla gain perspective on her life.
Sami helped Layla get a job.
Sami helped Layla get rid of the body.
Sami helped Layla in the garden.
Sami helped Layla join ISIS.
Sami helped Layla last night.
Sami helped Layla learn how to make knots.
Sami helped Layla make some friends.
Sami helped Layla move her stuff.
Sami helped Layla move.
Sami helped Layla open her own hair salon.
Sami helped Layla out so much.
Sami helped Layla out.
Sami helped Layla pay for rent.
Sami helped Layla pay her rent.
Sami helped Layla prepare her presentation.
Sami helped Layla put on her sweater.
Sami helped Layla recover.
Sami helped Layla set the table.
Sami helped Layla set up her tent.
Sami helped Layla succeed.
Sami helped Layla through a difficult time.
Sami helped Layla through a lot.
Sami helped Layla through her sickness.
Sami helped Layla to adjust to civilian life.
Sami helped Layla to adjust to life in Egypt.
Sami helped Layla to convert to Islam.
Sami helped Layla to get a new start in life.
Sami helped Layla to get up.
Sami helped Layla to manage her millions.
Sami helped Layla to pay his electricity bill.
Sami helped Layla to take her boots off.
Sami helped Layla undress.
Sami helped Layla unload her stuff.
Sami helped Layla up.
Sami helped Layla with her homework sometimes.
Sami helped Layla with that.
Sami helped Layla with the interview.
Sami helped companies downsize.
Sami helped his friends out.
Sami helped kill his mother.
Sami helped me a lot.
Sami helped me so much.
Sami helped organize a motorcycle group.
Sami helped police crack the crime.
Sami helped police solve the case.
Sami helped raise Layla's son.
Sami helped reunite a dog with its owner.
Sami helped the girls decorate the room.
Sami helped training Layla.
Sami helped us out.
Sami helps people out when they're in need.
Sami helps us a lot.
Sami hid Layla in his closet.
Sami hid behind a curtain.
Sami hid behind a pine tree.
Sami hid behind some bushes.
Sami hid behind the counter.
Sami hid behind the door.
Sami hid from his friend.
Sami hid here.
Sami hid himself behind the clothes in Layla's closet.
Sami hid his car in a grove of trees.
Sami hid his face.
Sami hid his phone.
Sami hid his swollen hand from his mom.
Sami hid his watch.
Sami hid in Layla's closet.
Sami hid in a bathroom stall.
Sami hid in a closet.
Sami hid in a dense thicket.
Sami hid in a pitch-black basement.
Sami hid in a small grove of trees.
Sami hid in his fortress of solitude.
Sami hid in the attic.
Sami hid in the back of the truck.
Sami hid in the bathroom closet.
Sami hid in the bathroom.
Sami hid in the laundry room.
Sami hid in the stock room.
Sami hid in the women's bathroom.
Sami hid the camera.
Sami hid the dessert.
Sami hid the drugs under his bed.
Sami hid the gun in the money.
Sami hid the gun.
Sami hid the letters in the trunk of his car.
Sami hid the letters.
Sami hid the little dog in his jacket.
Sami hid the money in a drawer.
Sami hid the rifle in the attic.
Sami hid the stolen iPod in his locker.
Sami hid the tattoo for years.
Sami hid the van in the woods and covered it with branches.
Sami hid the videotapes.
Sami hid the weed in his car.
Sami hid there for the night.
Sami hid under Layla's house.
Sami hid.
Sami highjacked a car from an elderly man.
Sami highly recommends you to watch this video.
Sami hired Layla as a backup dancer.
Sami hired Layla as a server.
Sami hired Layla as his personal assistant.
Sami hired Layla at his law firm.
Sami hired Layla back.
Sami hired Layla for various jobs.
Sami hired Layla to help him on the property.
Sami hired Layla to work at his store.
Sami hired Layla.
Sami hired a couple of strippers.
Sami hired a couple of twerkers.
Sami hired a driver.
Sami hired a good defense team.
Sami hired a hitman to kill Layla.
Sami hired a hitman.
Sami hired a killer to get rid of the only witness.
Sami hired a lawyer to fight back.
Sami hired a lawyer.
Sami hired a maid.
Sami hired a new bartender.
Sami hired a new kitchen guy.
Sami hired a new nanny.
Sami hired a personal videographer.
Sami hired a private detective.
Sami hired a private investigator to find out the truth.
Sami hired a private investigator to follow Layla.
Sami hired a private investigator.
Sami hired a professional makeup artist.
Sami hired a sales consultant.
Sami hired a twerker.
Sami hired a well known attorney.
Sami hired an artist.
Sami hired an expensive security team.
Sami hired another girl.
Sami hired another maid.
Sami hired another receptionist.
Sami hired everybody.
Sami hired ex-cons.
Sami hired mercenaries.
Sami hired new actors.
Sami hired new people.
Sami hired new waitresses and strippers.
Sami hired new waitresses.
Sami hired one cook.
Sami hired one of the best lawyers in Cairo.
Sami hired people to murder Layla.
Sami hired people to work at his parties.
Sami hired people within his family.
Sami hired some workers to help out with the house renovations.
Sami hired somebody to feed the dogs.
Sami hired someone to do this.
Sami hired the best attorneys to protect him.
Sami hired two hitmen.
Sami hired two men to dig up the bathtub.
Sami hired you for your legs, you slut!
Sami his mom didn't have a good relationship.
Sami hit "Enter."
Sami hit "like" on Layla's video.
Sami hit Layla in her ear.
Sami hit Layla in her face.
Sami hit Layla in her thigh.
Sami hit Layla in the back of the head with a mallet.
Sami hit Layla in the face.
Sami hit Layla on her wedding day.
Sami hit Layla on the head.
Sami hit Layla on the shoulder.
Sami hit Layla over the head with a bat.
Sami hit Layla over the head with a mallet.
Sami hit Layla up in the middle of the night.
Sami hit Layla up on Facebook.
Sami hit Layla up on Tumblr.
Sami hit Layla with a crowbar.
Sami hit Layla with a floor lamp.
Sami hit Layla with a hammer in the face.
Sami hit Layla with a hammer.
Sami hit Layla with a lamp.
Sami hit Layla with both fists.
Sami hit Layla with something hard.
Sami hit Layla's brand new car.
Sami hit Layla's car on purpose.
Sami hit Layla's car.
Sami hit a huge pothole.
Sami hit his wife.
Sami hit me up a week before his birthday.
Sami hit on Layla a few times.
Sami hit on that girl.
Sami hit rock bottom economically.
Sami hit rock bottom.
Sami hit somebody's Ford with Layla's car.
Sami hit somebody's car with Layla's car.
Sami hit the 18-wheeler.
Sami hit the ball with all his might.
Sami hit the ball with his bat.
Sami hit the ball.
Sami hit the brakes really hard.
Sami hit the brakes so hard.
Sami hit the freeway.
Sami hit the front of Layla's car.
Sami hit the road in search of Layla.
Sami hitched a ride.
Sami hitchhiked to a friend's house nearby.
Sami hoisted himself over the wall.
Sami hooked up with some friends.
Sami hoped Layla knew what she was doing.
Sami hoped Layla was OK.
Sami hoped Layla would finally confess.
Sami hoped Layla wouldn't find out.
Sami hoped and prayed.
Sami hoped everything was good with Layla.
Sami hoped for divine intervention.
Sami hoped that.
Sami hoped to cut a deal with the cops.
Sami hoped to have Layla have her own business.
Sami hoped to never see Layla again in his life.
Sami hoped to outshine his siblings by doing well at school.
Sami hoped to put that sadness behind him.
Sami hoped to start a new life with Layla by his side.
Sami hopes Layla doesn't come back.
Sami hopes Layla has learned a lesson from this.
Sami hopes Layla is happy.
Sami hopes he will be there.
Sami hopped from the bed.
Sami hopped in Layla's car.
Sami hopped in an Uber.
Sami hopped in the car.
Sami hopped off the bus.
Sami hopped on his bike.
Sami hosted a Halloween bash for his friends.
Sami hosted a Halloween party.
Sami hosted a lot of parties at his house.
Sami hugged Layla's mom.
Sami hugged Layla.
Sami hugged her.
Sami hugged me so hard.
Sami hugged me so tight.
Sami hugged me.
Sami humbled himself down and agreed to go to counseling.
Sami humiliated Layla by cutting her hair.
Sami hung a cookie on the Christmas tree.
Sami hung himself in his cell.
Sami hung himself in the attic.
Sami hung himself with a sheet.
Sami hung himself.
Sami hung his head and said he was sorry.
Sami hung out there a lot.
Sami hung out with Layla over the weekend.
Sami hung out with Layla.
Sami hung out with a bunch of drug addicts.
Sami hung out with crappy people.
Sami hung out with people at least twice his age.
Sami hung out with some transgender people.
Sami hung out with white rednecks.
Sami hung up in Layla's face.
Sami hung up in my face.
Sami hung up on Layla.
Sami hung up on me.
Sami hung up the phone immediately.
Sami hung up the phone.
Sami hung up with them.
Sami hung up.
Sami hunted around the house to find the money.
Sami hurried back to his office.
Sami hurt Layal's feelings.
Sami hurt Layla's family.
Sami hurt Layla's feeling.
Sami hurt Layla.
Sami hurt everyone.
Sami hurt himself for entertainment.
Sami hurt himself.
Sami hurt his brother.
Sami hurt his mom's feelings.
Sami hurt his mom.
Sami hurt me so bad.
Sami hurt others with his tongue.
Sami hurt people.
Sami hurt the woman he loved.
Sami identified Layla Bakir.
Sami identified himself as Farid Bakir.
Sami identified himself.
Sami identified the suspect captured in the CCTV video.
Sami ignored Layla for a week straight.
Sami ignored Layla for almost a week and a half.
Sami ignored Layla's call.
Sami ignored Layla's e-mail.
Sami ignored Layla's invitation on Facebook.
Sami ignored Layla's red flags.
Sami ignored Layla.
Sami ignored any texts or phone calls from Layla.
Sami ignored everything.
Sami ignored it.
Sami ignored me.
Sami ignored my e-mail.
Sami ignored that e-mail as well.
Sami ignored that feeling.
Sami ignored that.
Sami ignored the dog.
Sami ignored the fact that Layla was engaged.
Sami ignored the message and deleted it.
Sami ignored the noise.
Sami ignored the signs.
Sami ignored the warning.
Sami ignored them.
Sami illegally came to Canada.
Sami imagined himself outside of his body, watching things go on.
Sami imagined mutilating his victims.
Sami imagined the worst thing possible.
Sami imitated little things that Farid did.
Sami immediately approached Layla.
Sami immediately called 911.
Sami immediately called authorities.
Sami immediately ended the phone call.
Sami immediately fell in love with Layla.
Sami immediately got out of bed.
Sami immediately grabbed his clothes and ran to the bathroom.
Sami immediately had a sick feeling in his stomach.
Sami immediately knew he broke his leg.
Sami immediately ran to the door and locked it.
Sami immediately realized his mistake.
Sami immediately reported the intrusion to the police.
Sami immediately retracted his hands.
Sami immediately started crying.
Sami immediately started texting Layla.
Sami immediately took Layla to the bathroom.
Sami immediately took a picture of this.
Sami immediately took off.
Sami immediately tried to stop Layla from bleeding out.
Sami immediately turned around and saw Layla.
Sami immediately went into defense mood.
Sami immediately went to the bathroom.
Sami immediately wrote to Layla.
Sami impersonated a physician assistant.
Sami impersonated a police officer.
Sami imposed bizarre dietary restrictions on Layla.
Sami improved his Arabic vocabulary.
Sami improved his fluency in Arabic very quickly.
Sami indicated that from day one.
Sami indulged in several affairs.
Sami indulged into cannibalism.
Sami inevitably felt bad for Layla.
Sami influenced Layla into crime.
Sami informed Layla of Farid's past.
Sami informed Layla that he was going to Cairo.
Sami informed against Layla.
Sami inhaled the bag deep into his mouth and suffocated.
Sami inhaled the plastic deep into his mouth and suffocated to death.
Sami inherited Layla's fortune.
Sami inherited Layla's house and valuables.
Sami inherited the bulk of Layla's estate.
Sami inherited the money from his uncle.
Sami injected Layla with a drug.
Sami injected Layla with a pretty heavy dose of meth.
Sami injected Layla with poison.
Sami injected bacteria in some of the pastries Layla ate.
Sami injected himself with heroine.
Sami injured himself with the machete.
Sami injured his arm.
Sami injured his shoulder in a match.
Sami insisted Layla get a job.
Sami insisted Layla stays.
Sami insisted he take Layla to the hospital.
Sami insisted that all of the children take part in this.
Sami insisted that he was innocent of murder.
Sami insisted that his affair with Layla was just about sex and that he didn't intend to leave his wife for his girlfriend.
Sami insisted that this was the truth.
Sami insisted.
Sami inspected Layla's car.
Sami inspected and cleaned his guns.
Sami inspected the apartment.
Sami inspected the attic.
Sami inspected the boat.
Sami inspired Farid to do this.
Sami installed a home alarm system in his house.
Sami installed cameras in his restaurant.
Sami installed spyware on Layla's computer.
Sami installed that software on his computer.
Sami instantly became angry.
Sami instantly recognized Layla's voice.
Sami instilled respect for others in his children.
Sami instinctively did it.
Sami instructed Layla to tell people that Farid was still alive.
Sami insulted Layla's intelligence with that story.
Sami insulted Layla's son after he was dead.
Sami insulted me to my face.
Sami insured Layla with three different life insurance company.
Sami insured Layla.
Sami intended to do it.
Sami intended to rape Layla.
Sami intentionally caused Layla serious injuries.
Sami intentionally let air out of the tire.
Sami intentionally misinformed Layla.
Sami interacted a lot with his CFO.
Sami interrogated Layla.
Sami interrogated his children.
Sami interrupted Farid and Layla's conversation.
Sami interrupted the judge.
Sami interrupted the meeting.
Sami interviewed the next person.
Sami intimidated Layla.
Sami introduced Farid to a fellow inmate.
Sami introduced Layla and Farid to each other.
Sami introduced Layla to Farid.
Sami introduced Layla to Salima.
Sami introduced Layla to a Muslim student.
Sami introduced Layla to his best friend Farid.
Sami introduced Layla to his best friend who was a girl.
Sami introduced Layla to his best friend.
Sami introduced Layla to his friend Farid.
Sami introduced Layla to his sister, Salima.
Sami introduced Layla to one of his best friends.
Sami introduced himself and gave Layla his business card.
Sami introduced himself to Layla.
Sami introduced himself to the casting director.
Sami introduced himself to the new people.
Sami introduced himself.
Sami introduced me to his sister.
Sami invented a new term.
Sami invented a story to cover his tracks.
Sami invested in Egypt.
Sami investigated Layla's past.
Sami invited Farid and his wife over for dinner.
Sami invited Farid into the mosque.
Sami invited Layla again to convert to Islam.
Sami invited Layla along.
Sami invited Layla and Farid both home.
Sami invited Layla and six other family members to the wedding.
Sami invited Layla back for an even bigger discount.
Sami invited Layla for a picnic.
Sami invited Layla for tea.
Sami invited Layla in.
Sami invited Layla out for food.
Sami invited Layla over for a barbecue.
Sami invited Layla over.
Sami invited Layla to a party.
Sami invited Layla to an Egyptian restaurant.
Sami invited Layla to come and live in Cairo.
Sami invited Layla to come chill.
Sami invited Layla to convert to Islam.
Sami invited Layla to dinner.
Sami invited Layla to his 16th birthday.
Sami invited Layla to his apartment.
Sami invited Layla to his birthday party.
Sami invited Layla to his grandfather's funeral.
Sami invited Layla to his house to hang out.
Sami invited Layla to his sister's birthday party.
Sami invited Layla to his sixteenth birthday.
Sami invited Layla to live with him.
Sami invited Layla to one of his workout sessions in his church.
Sami invited Layla to spend the night with him.
Sami invited Layla to spend the night.
Sami invited Layla to stay for lunch.
Sami invited Layla to the wedding.
Sami invited Layla upstairs.
Sami invited Layla.
Sami invited a girl from another school to his prom.
Sami invited all of his friends to the party.
Sami invited danger in.
Sami invited everyone.
Sami invited his friends.
Sami invited six people to his birthday party.
Sami invited too many people.
Sami invited us to have barbecues.
Sami invoked the name of Jesus.
Sami is 100% Arab.
Sami is 100% certain.
Sami is 100% sure.
Sami is 26 years old.
Sami is 36 years old.
Sami is African American himself.
Sami is African American.
Sami is Arab himself.
Sami is Berber but he can't speak Berber.
Sami is Burmese.
Sami is Capricorn.
Sami is Catholic.
Sami is Christian.
Sami is Djiboutian.
Sami is Doctor Bakir's next patient.
Sami is Egyptian and he's really nice.
Sami is Egyptian-American.
Sami is Egyptian.
Sami is Fadil's disciple.
Sami is Fadil's milk brother.
Sami is Fadil's sheikh.
Sami is Farid's best friend.
Sami is Farid's close buddy.
Sami is Farid's ex-roommate.
Sami is Farid's former brother-in-law.
Sami is Farid's former partner.
Sami is Farid's former roommate.
Sami is Farid's imaginary friend.
Sami is Farid's last name.
Sami is Farid's last roommate.
Sami is Farid's new roommate.
Sami is Farid's other roommate.
Sami is Farid's stage name.
Sami is HIV positive.
Sami is Hindu.
Sami is Hispanic but he's a black guy.
Sami is Hispanic but he's black.
Sami is Hispanic.
Sami is Jewish.
Sami is Layla Bakir's husband.
Sami is Layla's Arabic teacher.
Sami is Layla's abductor.
Sami is Layla's attacker.
Sami is Layla's biggest fan on Facebook.
Sami is Layla's biggest inspiration.
Sami is Layla's boss.
Sami is Layla's boyfriend.
Sami is Layla's brother.
Sami is Layla's cousin.
Sami is Layla's current boyfriend.
Sami is Layla's dad.
Sami is Layla's date.
Sami is Layla's eldest brother.
Sami is Layla's ex from high school.
Sami is Layla's ex-boyfriend.
Sami is Layla's ex-neighbor.
Sami is Layla's ex-stepdad.
Sami is Layla's ex.
Sami is Layla's father and he was supposed to protect her.
Sami is Layla's favorite travel partner.
Sami is Layla's fianc.
Sami is Layla's first love.
Sami is Layla's first.
Sami is Layla's flesh and blood.
Sami is Layla's former boyfriend.
Sami is Layla's friend.
Sami is Layla's future baby daddy.
Sami is Layla's hero.
Sami is Layla's husband of twenty-six years.
Sami is Layla's husband.
Sami is Layla's idiot nephew.
Sami is Layla's immediate supervisor.
Sami is Layla's little brother.
Sami is Layla's man.
Sami is Layla's manager.
Sami is Layla's mentor.
Sami is Layla's milk son.
Sami is Layla's mother's brother.
Sami is Layla's nephew.
Sami is Layla's new admirer.
Sami is Layla's new boyfriend.
Sami is Layla's old neighbor.
Sami is Layla's older stepbrother.
Sami is Layla's only brother.
Sami is Layla's only hope.
Sami is Layla's only love.
Sami is Layla's only son.
Sami is Layla's partner.
Sami is Layla's previous manager.
Sami is Layla's second husband.
Sami is Layla's secret admirer.
Sami is Layla's sixth husband.
Sami is Layla's sole heir.
Sami is Layla's son.
Sami is Layla's stalker.
Sami is Layla's stepbrother.
Sami is Layla's stepdad.
Sami is Layla's supervisor.
Sami is Layla's third husband.
Sami is Layla's trainer.
Sami is Layla's type.
Sami is Muslim and he doesn't believe this.
Sami is Muslim and he doesn't do any of that.
Sami is Muslim and he worships God alone.
Sami is Muslim but his kids are Christian.
Sami is Muslim himself.
Sami is Muslim now.
Sami is OK to take the chance.
Sami is OK with Layla.
Sami is OK with talking about these things.
Sami is OK with that.
Sami is Syrian.
Sami is a 16 year old boy from Egypt.
Sami is a 26 year old male.
Sami is a 36 year veteran of the FBI.
Sami is a 911 dispatcher.
Sami is a Bahraini citizen.
Sami is a Cairo native.
Sami is a Cairo photographer.
Sami is a Canadian Muslim convert.
Sami is a Canadian with a rapsheet a mile long.
Sami is a Catholic of Jewish descent.
Sami is a Chenoui.
Sami is a Christian.
Sami is a Congressman.
Sami is a DJ.
Sami is a Djiboutian citizen.
Sami is a Gemini just like me.
Sami is a Gemini like me.
Sami is a Gemini.
Sami is a God-fearing man.
Sami is a Jordanian citizen.
Sami is a KKK Grand Dragon.
Sami is a Libra and Layla is a Gemini.
Sami is a Muslim from Egypt.
Sami is a Muslim man.
Sami is a Muslim now.
Sami is a Muslim.
Sami is a National Guard.
Sami is a Palestinian who lives in East Jerusalem.
Sami is a Pan-Islamist.
Sami is a Qatari citizen.
Sami is a Sagittarius.
Sami is a Shafi'i Muslim.
Sami is a Shiite Muslim.
Sami is a Sikh.
Sami is a Spongebob fan.
Sami is a Sunni Muslim.
Sami is a Syrian citizen.
Sami is a Texas cowboy.
Sami is a US citizen.
Sami is a Wall Street guy.
Sami is a Yemeni citizen.
Sami is a YouTuber.
Sami is a bad boy.
Sami is a bad guy.
Sami is a bad match for Layla.
Sami is a bad person.
Sami is a bar manager.
Sami is a bartender and he knows how to deal with weirdos.
Sami is a bartender.
Sami is a believer.
Sami is a big bully.
Sami is a big dude.
Sami is a big idiot and he doesn't deserve your tears.
Sami is a big liar.
Sami is a big part of my life.
Sami is a bird lover.
Sami is a bit older than Layla.
Sami is a bit older.
Sami is a bit young for that.
Sami is a black guy.
Sami is a boss now.
Sami is a boy that I have never met before.
Sami is a boy.
Sami is a brave man.
Sami is a brave person.
Sami is a brilliant person.
Sami is a brilliant, wonderful man.
Sami is a broken person.
Sami is a bum.
Sami is a burden to my existence.
Sami is a business owner.
Sami is a butthole.
Sami is a camel handler.
Sami is a car thief.
Sami is a car wash cleaner.
Sami is a changed man.
Sami is a cheater.
Sami is a chef.
Sami is a chief polygraphist.
Sami is a child development expert.
Sami is a child development specialist.
Sami is a child molester.
Sami is a child.
Sami is a classic scholar.
Sami is a classmate of mine.
Sami is a clinical psychologist.
Sami is a club DJ.
Sami is a coach.
Sami is a cocaine addict.
Sami is a coffee chef.
Sami is a coffee maker.
Sami is a common name.
Sami is a communicative person.
Sami is a competitive cyclist himself.
Sami is a complete asshole.
Sami is a complete fucking asshole.
Sami is a complete idiot.
Sami is a completely different person now.
Sami is a completely different person than the crazy asshole he was in high school.
Sami is a compulsive liar.
Sami is a connoisseur.
Sami is a conservative person.
Sami is a construction worker.
Sami is a convert.
Sami is a convict.
Sami is a convicted child rapist.
Sami is a convicted sex offender.
Sami is a cook.
Sami is a counselor.
Sami is a country boy.
Sami is a coward.
Sami is a crackpot.
Sami is a crazy boy.
Sami is a crazy man.
Sami is a crazy neighbor.
Sami is a crazy prick.
Sami is a crazy weirdo.
Sami is a creepy guy.
Sami is a crime writer.
Sami is a criminal profiler, in other words, he can get inside the mind of a killer.
Sami is a cruel monster.
Sami is a cultural Muslim.
Sami is a customer just like everybody else.
Sami is a customer service agent.
Sami is a customer.
Sami is a cynical murderer.
Sami is a dancer.
Sami is a danger to the society.
Sami is a dangerous armed robber.
Sami is a dangerous paedophile.
Sami is a dangerous pedophile.
Sami is a dangerous predator.
Sami is a dangerous stalker.
Sami is a data analyst.
Sami is a dead man.
Sami is a death row inmate.
Sami is a deceitful killer.
Sami is a demon.
Sami is a derelict.
Sami is a designer.
Sami is a despicable person.
Sami is a detective.
Sami is a devoted dad to his twins.
Sami is a devoted husband.
Sami is a different person.
Sami is a disabled man.
Sami is a disabled person.
Sami is a disgusting guy.
Sami is a divorce attorney.
Sami is a doctor.
Sami is a dog handler.
Sami is a double refugee. He was a Palestinian refugee in Syria, and now he's living in Turkey as a Syrian refugee.
Sami is a drinker.
Sami is a drug addict and he is capable of anything.
Sami is a drug addict and he's capable of anything.
Sami is a drug addict.
Sami is a drug dealer from Egypt.
Sami is a drug dealer.
Sami is a faker.
Sami is a famous YouTuber.
Sami is a fan of Layla's.
Sami is a fan of storytime videos.
Sami is a farmer.
Sami is a father of three with one more on the way.
Sami is a father.
Sami is a few years older than Layla.
Sami is a fighter.
Sami is a forensic expert.
Sami is a former KKK member.
Sami is a former Marine.
Sami is a former Muslim.
Sami is a former Toronto cop.
Sami is a former cop himself.
Sami is a former defense attorney.
Sami is a former fire fighter.
Sami is a former real estate agent.
Sami is a former state trooper.
Sami is a fraud.
Sami is a free man now.
Sami is a friend from high school.
Sami is a friend from the university.
Sami is a friend of Layla's boyfriend's.
Sami is a friend of Layla's.
Sami is a friend of a friend.
Sami is a friend of mine.
Sami is a friend of my friend's.
Sami is a fuckboy.
Sami is a fuckhole.
Sami is a fucking asshole.
Sami is a fucking coward.
Sami is a fucking mess.
Sami is a fucking racist.
Sami is a fucking son of a bitch.
Sami is a fugitive tracker from the Toronto police department.
Sami is a funny person.
Sami is a gay guy, obviously.
Sami is a geek.
Sami is a genius in science.
Sami is a genius.
Sami is a gentle dog lover.
Sami is a gentle giant.
Sami is a gentleman.
Sami is a germophobe.
Sami is a gifted musician.
Sami is a go-for-it type of person.
Sami is a good Samaritan.
Sami is a good climber.
Sami is a good dad.
Sami is a good diver.
Sami is a good driver.
Sami is a good father.
Sami is a good friend of mine.
Sami is a good friend.
Sami is a good guy.
Sami is a good man on the inside.
Sami is a good roommate.
Sami is a good teacher.
Sami is a great photographer.
Sami is a great poet.
Sami is a great server.
Sami is a great tenant.
Sami is a guest in our home.
Sami is a guest in our house.
Sami is a guy Layla cheated on me with.
Sami is a guy you wouldn't like to mess with.
Sami is a handsome Mounty.
Sami is a hard-partying college kid.
Sami is a harmless man.
Sami is a health inspector.
Sami is a heartless person.
Sami is a heartless sociopath.
Sami is a heavy methamphetamine user.
Sami is a hero.
Sami is a heterosexual.
Sami is a high school dropout.
Sami is a high school graduate.
Sami is a high-school dropout without a real job.
Sami is a highly trained correctional officer.
Sami is a highly-paid lecturer.
Sami is a hippy.
Sami is a home person.
Sami is a homicide detective.
Sami is a homosexual.
Sami is a horse lover.
Sami is a huge animal person.
Sami is a huge part of my life.
Sami is a human being.
Sami is a human.
Sami is a humanitarian.
Sami is a husky 260 pound Egyptian guy.
Sami is a hypocrite.
Sami is a jerk.
Sami is a junky.
Sami is a kid Layla's age.
Sami is a killer.
Sami is a known sex offender.
Sami is a ladies' man.
Sami is a landscaper.
Sami is a lawyer.
Sami is a lazy boy.
Sami is a leather artist.
Sami is a liar.
Sami is a little bit older than Layla but not much.
Sami is a little bit older.
Sami is a little bit too old.
Sami is a little cutie.
Sami is a little jealous of Farid.
Sami is a little pest.
Sami is a live musician.
Sami is a local attorney.
Sami is a long-time Cairo resident.
Sami is a loser.
Sami is a loss prevention agent.
Sami is a lumberjack.
Sami is a lunatic.
Sami is a major scammer.
Sami is a makeup artist.
Sami is a male escort.
Sami is a male prostitute.
Sami is a male stripper but doesn't sleep with men.
Sami is a male stripper.
Sami is a man even if he has breasts or a vagina.
Sami is a man of taste.
Sami is a man who has principles.
Sami is a man with a very particular set of skills.
Sami is a man.
Sami is a management consultant.
Sami is a manager at McDonald's.
Sami is a manager with me.
Sami is a marriage and family therapist.
Sami is a martial artist.
Sami is a massage therapist.
Sami is a master illusionist.
Sami is a master manipulator.
Sami is a master of deception.
Sami is a mean man.
Sami is a mean person.
Sami is a mean teacher.
Sami is a mechanic but he doesn't like to go under cars.
Sami is a medical examiner.
Sami is a medium.
Sami is a medium. He can communicate with the dead.
Sami is a member of the production team.
Sami is a mercenary.
Sami is a merchandiser.
Sami is a mess.
Sami is a meth addict.
Sami is a middle-schooler now.
Sami is a minor.
Sami is a monster.
Sami is a motivational speaker.
Sami is a murder defendant.
Sami is a musician.
Sami is a narcotics addict.
Sami is a nerd at heart.
Sami is a nerd.
Sami is a new Muslim.
Sami is a new classmate.
Sami is a new convert to Islam.
Sami is a new guy here.
Sami is a nice guy.
Sami is a nice person.
Sami is a nice teacher.
Sami is a non-practising Muslim.
Sami is a normal good person.
Sami is a normal human being.
Sami is a normal person.
Sami is a notorious ladies' man.
Sami is a paperboy.
Sami is a parcel delivery driver.
Sami is a parole officer.
Sami is a part of your team.
Sami is a part-time actor.
Sami is a party boy.
Sami is a pastry chef.
Sami is a pathological liar.
Sami is a pediatrician.
Sami is a pedophile.
Sami is a people pleaser.
Sami is a person I love.
Sami is a person, too.
Sami is a pervert.
Sami is a philanthropist.
Sami is a physician's assistant.
Sami is a piece of dirt.
Sami is a pig.
Sami is a pillar of his church in Toronto.
Sami is a plastic surgeon.
Sami is a plumber from Cairo.
Sami is a plumber.
Sami is a poet.
Sami is a police officer.
Sami is a pot smoker.
Sami is a predator.
Sami is a pretty good negotiator.
Sami is a pretty scary guy.
Sami is a pretty stressed up person.
Sami is a prisoner, too.
Sami is a private detective.
Sami is a private investigator.
Sami is a problem.
Sami is a professional athlete.
Sami is a professional boxer.
Sami is a professional burglar.
Sami is a professional car thief.
Sami is a professional liar and a thief.
Sami is a professional magician and he once made Layla disappear.
Sami is a professional people finder.
Sami is a professional people searcher.
Sami is a professional photographer.
Sami is a professional scammer.
Sami is a professional.
Sami is a promoter.
Sami is a proud Muslim.
Sami is a psycho.
Sami is a psychopath, a sociopath, a schizophrenic or whatever you want to call him. He's a heartless monster who could kill his own children to get what he wants.
Sami is a psychopath.
Sami is a punk.
Sami is a pyromaniac.
Sami is a quiet God-fearing man.
Sami is a race car driver.
Sami is a random stranger.
Sami is a real man.
Sami is a real nightmare.
Sami is a real psychopath.
Sami is a real pussy.
Sami is a really bad kid.
Sami is a really bad person.
Sami is a really bad teenager.
Sami is a really famous YouTuber.
Sami is a really good driver.
Sami is a really hard worker.
Sami is a really nice guy.
Sami is a really nice kid.
Sami is a really nice man.
Sami is a really smart person.
Sami is a really special person.
Sami is a really supportive husband.
Sami is a really supportive partner.
Sami is a really supportive person.
Sami is a really sweet guy.
Sami is a really tall man.
Sami is a receptionist.
Sami is a redhead girl.
Sami is a redneck.
Sami is a reformist Muslim.
Sami is a registered nurse.
Sami is a religious man.
Sami is a reputable guide.
Sami is a rich man.
Sami is a ridiculously rich teenager.
Sami is a rock star.
Sami is a roommate from hell.
Sami is a rude guest.
Sami is a samurai.
Sami is a savings guru.
Sami is a scammer.
Sami is a scary guy.
Sami is a school coach.
Sami is a secular Muslim.
Sami is a security guard.
Sami is a security officer.
Sami is a selfish person.
Sami is a senior agent in the department.
Sami is a senior.
Sami is a serial cheater.
Sami is a serial sexual murderer.
Sami is a serious guy.
Sami is a serious student.
Sami is a server.
Sami is a sex offender and he should not be around children.
Sami is a sex offender and isn't supposed to be around children.
Sami is a sex offender and isn't supposed to be around kids.
Sami is a sex offender and it's a violation for him to be around children.
Sami is a sex offender.
Sami is a she.
Sami is a shoplifter.
Sami is a sick individual.
Sami is a single man.
Sami is a single parent to Layla.
Sami is a sinner by every measure.
Sami is a sinner.
Sami is a sixteen year old freshman.
Sami is a snoring nightmare.
Sami is a social person.
Sami is a sophomore.
Sami is a special education teacher.
Sami is a spiritual person.
Sami is a sports fan.
Sami is a store manager.
Sami is a straight man.
Sami is a strange man.
Sami is a strange person.
Sami is a strategy advisor.
Sami is a stupid imbecile.
Sami is a subscriber.
Sami is a super cute boy.
Sami is a super nice guy.
Sami is a survival expert.
Sami is a suspect in this murder.
Sami is a sweet guy.
Sami is a sweet person.
Sami is a talkative person.
Sami is a tall boy.
Sami is a tall handsome man.
Sami is a teacher at a local high school.
Sami is a technician.
Sami is a teenager.
Sami is a terrible partner.
Sami is a terrorist.
Sami is a third level sex offender.
Sami is a thug.
Sami is a total douchebag.
Sami is a total gentleman.
Sami is a total psychopath.
Sami is a toy inventor.
Sami is a translator.
Sami is a university student.
Sami is a user and abuser of women.
Sami is a valuable staff member.
Sami is a very dear friend of mine.
Sami is a very dedicated husband.
Sami is a very friendly person.
Sami is a very good worker.
Sami is a very heavy sleeper.
Sami is a very honest guy.
Sami is a very impatient person.
Sami is a very likeable person.
Sami is a very mean person.
Sami is a very nice person.
Sami is a very opinionated person.
Sami is a very rude man.
Sami is a very short person.
Sami is a very slow learner.
Sami is a very social creature.
Sami is a very soft-hearted person.
Sami is a very special person.
Sami is a very young executive.
Sami is a veteran police detective.
Sami is a victim of your incompetent bureaucracy.
Sami is a victim, too.
Sami is a vineyard supervisor.
Sami is a violent offender.
Sami is a weird guy.
Sami is a weird kid.
Sami is a weird person.
Sami is a whisky drinker.
Sami is a white guy.
Sami is a white man.
Sami is a white supremacist.
Sami is a wino.
Sami is a women chaser.
Sami is a wonderful person.
Sami is a writer.
Sami is a year and a half older than Layla.
Sami is a year and a half younger than Layla.
Sami is a young man.
Sami is a young manager.
Sami is able to make that happen.
Sami is about six foot.
Sami is about six years old.
Sami is about sixteen years old.
Sami is about to be fired.
Sami is about to be sixteen.
Sami is about to die.
Sami is about to go to prison.
Sami is about to go.
Sami is about to graduate.
Sami is about to leave.
Sami is about to lose his job.
Sami is about to move out of this neighborhood.
Sami is about to show his true colors.
Sami is about to snap.
Sami is about to take Layla out of his will.
Sami is above the age of 16.
Sami is abusing his children.
Sami is abusive.
Sami is accused of negligence.
Sami is across the street.
Sami is acting like a fool.
Sami is acting like a little kid.
Sami is acting like a punk.
Sami is acting real strange.
Sami is acting really sketchy.
Sami is acting really weird.
Sami is acting weird.
Sami is actually a very easy-going person.
Sami is actually dumb.
Sami is addicted to Layla's family.
Sami is addicted to alcohol.
Sami is adorable.
Sami is afraid he might hurt Layla's feelings.
Sami is afraid of Farid.
Sami is afraid of Layla.
Sami is afraid of bears.
Sami is afraid of bugs.
Sami is afraid of cops.
Sami is afraid of snakes.
Sami is afraid of some birds.
Sami is against the hijab.
Sami is alive.
Sami is all Layla has.
Sami is all alone.
Sami is all over Europe.
Sami is all prepared to go to that interview.
Sami is allergic to dust.
Sami is almost an adult.
Sami is almost blind.
Sami is alone again.
Sami is alone right now.
Sami is alone, too.
Sami is alone.
Sami is already a star.
Sami is already a total star.
Sami is already dead.
Sami is already done washing his hands.
Sami is already drunk.
Sami is already engaged.
Sami is already falling for Layla.
Sami is already giggling.
Sami is already here.
Sami is already high.
Sami is already in his new house.
Sami is already in his pyjamas.
Sami is already in trouble.
Sami is already mad.
Sami is already on it.
Sami is already subscribed.
Sami is already super drunk.
Sami is already talking to everybody about this.
Sami is already telling me about this.
Sami is already there.
Sami is already watching the video.
Sami is already working on an appeal.
Sami is also Egyptian.
Sami is also crazy.
Sami is also gay.
Sami is also in the hospital with flu-like symptoms.
Sami is also known as Majid.
Sami is also serving a concurrent sentence of 60 years for attempting to kill Layla's infant daughter.
Sami is always alone.
Sami is always arguing with me.
Sami is always asking for super petty shit.
Sami is always complaining.
Sami is always fighting with old people.
Sami is always here to help.
Sami is always looking at his calendar.
Sami is always on edge.
Sami is always on the move.
Sami is always right.
Sami is always smiling.
Sami is always so sincere.
Sami is always telling this story.
Sami is always the last to know.
Sami is always the villain in the movie.
Sami is always there through good times and bad.
Sami is always there.
Sami is always traveling around.
Sami is always trying to fight Farid.
Sami is always very friendly.
Sami is always willing to help.
Sami is an African-American man who converted to Islam at age 26.
Sami is an Amazon junkie.
Sami is an Arabic translator.
Sami is an Army sergeant.
Sami is an Egyptian guy.
Sami is an Egyptian student.
Sami is an HR person.
Sami is an Illinois native.
Sami is an Israeli historian and antizionist activist.
Sami is an Uber driver.
Sami is an absolute angel.
Sami is an absolute asshole.
Sami is an acclaimed pianist.
Sami is an activist.
Sami is an adult man.
Sami is an adult now and he is in college.
Sami is an adult now and he's in college.
Sami is an adult now.
Sami is an adult that behaves like a teenager.
Sami is an amateur pilot.
Sami is an amateur porn star.
Sami is an amazing Muslim.
Sami is an amazing artist.
Sami is an amazing athlete.
Sami is an amazing individual.
Sami is an amazing photographer.
Sami is an amazing storyteller.
Sami is an ambitious man.
Sami is an anchor baby.
Sami is an anger management expert.
Sami is an anger management specialist.
Sami is an animal in bed.
Sami is an anxious traveler.
Sami is an artist.
Sami is an aspiring pastry chef.
Sami is an asshole.
Sami is an atheist.
Sami is an author.
Sami is an awesome friend.
Sami is an awful driver.
Sami is an easy-going roommate.
Sami is an electrician.
Sami is an escapee.
Sami is an evil person.
Sami is an ex-Egyptian army captain.
Sami is an ex-con.
Sami is an ex-member of the cult.
Sami is an excellent swimmer.
Sami is an exceptional human being.
Sami is an experienced bank robber.
Sami is an experienced car coach.
Sami is an experienced car thief.
Sami is an experienced climber.
Sami is an expert in reality TV.
Sami is an expert in the field of taxidermy.
Sami is an extra.
Sami is an extremely dangerous criminal.
Sami is an idiot.
Sami is an interesting character in this novel.
Sami is an international student.
Sami is an intimidating man.
Sami is an investigative genealogist.
Sami is an observant Muslim.
Sami is an old friend, somebody from my old days.
Sami is an old friend.
Sami is an old man here.
Sami is an old man.
Sami is an optician.
Sami is an orphan.
Sami is an unprincipled liar.
Sami is an unusual kid.
Sami is angry about this.
Sami is angry.
Sami is another friend.
Sami is another server.
Sami is answering the questions.
Sami is anything but perfect.
Sami is appealing for a new trial.
Sami is appealing his conviction.
Sami is appealing that judgment.
Sami is arguing with Layla.
Sami is around Layla's age.
Sami is around my age.
Sami is as Egyptian as you can get.
Sami is as charming in person as he is online.
Sami is as normal as can be.
Sami is asking Layla's hand in marriage.
Sami is asking you to pay him.
Sami is asleep.
Sami is at Walmart.
Sami is at a funeral with Layla.
Sami is at a funeral.
Sami is at a meeting right now.
Sami is at a party.
Sami is at an insane asylum.
Sami is at his locker.
Sami is at least sixty years older than Layla.
Sami is at peace.
Sami is at school.
Sami is at the clinic, helping Layla.
Sami is at the fair with his girlfriend.
Sami is at the hospital now.
Sami is at the police headquarters.
Sami is at this gym.
Sami is at work.
Sami is attached to Layla.
Sami is attending a wedding.
Sami is attracted to Layla.
Sami is attracted to you.
Sami is available to start right now.
Sami is available.
Sami is awaiting trial.
Sami is awake.
Sami is aware of Layla's past.
Sami is away for life.
Sami is away on assignment.
Sami is awkward around kids.
Sami is babysitting.
Sami is back because he loves Layla.
Sami is back home now.
Sami is back home.
Sami is back in Cairo, teaching at a high school.
Sami is back in Cairo.
Sami is back in Layla's life.
Sami is back now.
Sami is back on the sales floor.
Sami is back to buy the boots.
Sami is back to the beginning.
Sami is back with Layla.
Sami is back.
Sami is bad-mouthing Layla.
Sami is bald.
Sami is banging on the door.
Sami is bartending.
Sami is bawling his eyes out.
Sami is becoming insolent and rebellious.
Sami is becoming quite an authority on butterflies.
Sami is before that judge again.
Sami is behind bars now.
Sami is behind bars on murder charges.
Sami is behind bars.
Sami is behind it.
Sami is behind the counter.
Sami is behind the door.
Sami is being belligerent.
Sami is being bullied.
Sami is being crazy.
Sami is being dramatic.
Sami is being falsely nice.
Sami is being followed.
Sami is being held by the Egyptian intelligence services.
Sami is being interviewed by the FBI.
Sami is being mean.
Sami is being patient.
Sami is being picked on for being Muslim.
Sami is being really honest with Layla.
Sami is being really honest.
Sami is being released on Saturday.
Sami is being ridiculous.
Sami is being rude to family.
Sami is being rude.
Sami is being sexually harassed.
Sami is being so rude today.
Sami is being so rude.
Sami is being to aggressive now.
Sami is being too judgy.
Sami is being tortured.
Sami is being treated for mental illness.
Sami is being very sincere.
Sami is better off alone.
Sami is better than Farid.
Sami is better than Layla at decorating cookies.
Sami is better than ever.
Sami is better than that.
Sami is better than this.
Sami is big.
Sami is bigger than us.
Sami is biracial.
Sami is bisexual and doesn't consider himself part of the gay community.
Sami is bisexual.
Sami is black.
Sami is blessed to be a Muslim today.
Sami is blind.
Sami is blinded by his anger.
Sami is blinded by love.
Sami is blocking Layla on Facebook.
Sami is blocking Layla on Snapchat.
Sami is bored.
Sami is boring.
Sami is bossy.
Sami is brave.
Sami is breaking up with Layla this weekend.
Sami is bringing a gift for Layla.
Sami is broke again.
Sami is broke already.
Sami is broke.
Sami is brutally honest and straightforward.
Sami is building up a grand vision for his life.
Sami is bullying Layla.
Sami is buried here.
Sami is burping.
Sami is busy as fuck.
Sami is busy working inside.
Sami is buying his own liquor.
Sami is by himself.
Sami is by the window.
Sami is calling Layla.
Sami is calling his manager.
Sami is calling his mom.
Sami is calling me and I have to pick up.
Sami is calling me.
Sami is calling that number.
Sami is calling the cops on you.
Sami is calling the cops.
Sami is calling the police.
Sami is calling you.
Sami is calling your mom.
Sami is capable of doing this.
Sami is capable of more than he thinks.
Sami is caught.
Sami is certainly not smiling now in his prison cell.
Sami is challenging me.
Sami is charming.
Sami is chatting with Layla.
Sami is chatting with a girl named Layla.
Sami is chatting with his friends.
Sami is cheating on Layla with a man.
Sami is cheating on Layla with another woman.
Sami is cheating on me.
Sami is checking his phone.
Sami is chilling with Layla's sister.
Sami is chilling.
Sami is clapping.
Sami is cleaning up the living room.
Sami is cleaning up.
Sami is clearly terrified.
Sami is closing up early today.
Sami is coherent.
Sami is comfortable in an area like this.
Sami is coming after Christmas.
Sami is coming after practice.
Sami is coming back soon.
Sami is coming back.
Sami is coming before dinner.
Sami is coming down here.
Sami is coming for an interview this afternoon.
Sami is coming for dinner.
Sami is coming for you.
Sami is coming home from school.
Sami is coming home.
Sami is coming in there with me.
Sami is coming on Saturday.
Sami is coming out.
Sami is coming over here.
Sami is coming over next Saturday.
Sami is coming over next week.
Sami is coming over to play with Layla.
Sami is coming over tonight.
Sami is coming over.
Sami is coming to pick me up.
Sami is coming to pick you up.
Sami is coming to see Layla.
Sami is coming to stay with us for the night.
Sami is coming up here.
Sami is coming upstairs.
Sami is coming with me.
Sami is coming, too.
Sami is coming.
Sami is completely bald.
Sami is completely convinced of Layla's innocence.
Sami is completely dehydrated.
Sami is completely different.
Sami is completely full of hate.
Sami is completely harmless.
Sami is completely ignoring Layla.
Sami is completely innocent.
Sami is completely insane.
Sami is complicating matters.
Sami is concerned about his girlfriend.
Sami is confident.
Sami is confused.
Sami is constantly liking all of Layla's Facebook posts.
Sami is constantly on the road.
Sami is constantly working.
Sami is continuing to appeal his first-degree murder sentence.
Sami is convicted of first degree murder.
Sami is convinced that everybody hates him.
Sami is convinced that he knows who really did this.
Sami is cooking dinner.
Sami is cooking us dinner.
Sami is cooking.
Sami is cool with Layla.
Sami is cool with his dad.
Sami is cool with them.
Sami is cool, too.
Sami is cool.
Sami is cooling his heels in Florida.
Sami is coordinating everything in here.
Sami is coughing again.
Sami is coughing.
Sami is counting the money.
Sami is covered in blood.
Sami is crazy as fuck.
Sami is crazy.
Sami is creepy.
Sami is crying like a baby.
Sami is curious about that as well.
Sami is curious.
Sami is currently in a relationship.
Sami is currently in jail for armed burglary.
Sami is currently living in a large city in Cairo.
Sami is currently not in school.
Sami is currently on death row.
Sami is currently serving a life sentence in Cairo.
Sami is currently wearing a wig.
Sami is cursing.
Sami is cute.
Sami is dancing with Layla.
Sami is dark-skinned.
Sami is dating Layla because he likes her.
Sami is dating Layla's best friend.
Sami is dating Layla.
Sami is dating Tom, Tom is dating Vladimir, and Vladimir is dating Yanni. It's a lovely little polycule.
Sami is dating a cute sixteen year old girl.
Sami is dating a fat and stupid lady.
Sami is dating a freshman.
Sami is dating a girl named Layla.
Sami is dating a young chick.
Sami is dating another girl.
Sami is dating my best friend.
Sami is dating someone.
Sami is dating that girl.
Sami is dead now.
Sami is dealing with very difficult problems.
Sami is deeply in love with Layla.
Sami is defending himself to the end.
Sami is definitely not Layla's soulmate.
Sami is definitely one of a kind.
Sami is dehydrated.
Sami is delusional.
Sami is denying the undeniable.
Sami is depressed.
Sami is destroying his beautiful marriage.
Sami is determined more than you know.
Sami is different from the others.
Sami is different from the rest of his family.
Sami is different.
Sami is disgusted by this behavior.
Sami is disturbing us.
Sami is doing YouTube.
Sami is doing a new video.
Sami is doing a photo shoot with Layla.
Sami is doing a transaction.
Sami is doing a video.
Sami is doing another video.
Sami is doing better in life.
Sami is doing drugs.
Sami is doing everything.
Sami is doing fantastic.
Sami is doing great after his surgery.
Sami is doing great.
Sami is doing his job right.
Sami is doing his own thing.
Sami is doing his stuff.
Sami is doing it big.
Sami is doing it.
Sami is doing meth.
Sami is doing more than that.
Sami is doing nothing.
Sami is doing so much better.
Sami is doing something.
Sami is doing super well.
Sami is doing that shit again.
Sami is doing that the wrong way.
Sami is doing that.
Sami is doing the Lord's work.
Sami is doing the job with a team.
Sami is doing the right thing.
Sami is doing the wrong thing.
Sami is doing this for Layla.
Sami is doing this for himself.
Sami is doing this.
Sami is doing very well.
Sami is doing well in his job.
Sami is doing well today.
Sami is doing well.
Sami is doing what he always did.
Sami is doing what he loves to do.
Sami is doing what he should have done a long time ago.
Sami is done filming.
Sami is done here.
Sami is done rambling.
Sami is done serving his time.
Sami is done smoking.
Sami is done with Layla.
Sami is done with that girl.
Sami is done with the casting process.
Sami is done with the phone.
Sami is done with this.
Sami is done writing.
Sami is done.
Sami is down there for a few weeks.
Sami is downloading the app.
Sami is downstairs.
Sami is downtown on weekends.
Sami is dressed like a girl.
Sami is drinking a pink drink.
Sami is drinking some wine.
Sami is drinking tea.
Sami is drinking tequila.
Sami is drinking the water.
Sami is drinking water.
Sami is drinking wine.
Sami is driving backwards.
Sami is driving me crazy.
Sami is driving me insane.
Sami is driving on the highway.
Sami is driving to the office.
Sami is driving.
Sami is drowning in a bottle.
Sami is drowning in the swimming pool.
Sami is drunk as fuck.
Sami is drunk.
Sami is due for parole in 2056.
Sami is dumb.
Sami is dying to know.
Sami is dyslexic.
Sami is eager to participate.
Sami is earning a lot of money.
Sami is easy to love.
Sami is eating a lot.
Sami is eating brownies and drinking wine.
Sami is eating his food.
Sami is eating his snack.
Sami is either bipolar or crazy.
Sami is eluding the police.
Sami is embarrassed as fuck.
Sami is embarrassed now.
Sami is embarrassed.
Sami is engaged.
Sami is enjoying himself on the beach.
Sami is entitled to do that.
Sami is entitled to do whatever he wants.
Sami is ethnically ambiguous but has blue eyes.
Sami is everything Layla has.
Sami is evil.
Sami is exactly where he belongs.
Sami is excited about it.
Sami is expecting Layla to forgive him.
Sami is expecting a call.
Sami is experienced at stealing cars.
Sami is experiencing mental health issues.
Sami is expressing his pain.
Sami is extremely intelligent.
Sami is extremely protective of his family.
Sami is extremely rude.
Sami is extremely shy.
Sami is facing the death penalty this time.
Sami is facing the death penalty.
Sami is faithful.
Sami is familiar with Cairo.
Sami is familiar with that neighborhood.
Sami is familiar with the BDSM community.
Sami is familiar with the protocol.
Sami is familiar with this story.
Sami is family.
Sami is fascinated with Arabic fairy tales.
Sami is fast for us.
Sami is fasting today.
Sami is fasting.
Sami is fat and everyone is making fun of him.
Sami is feeling a lot better.
Sami is feeling anxious.
Sami is feeling bad.
Sami is feeling better now.
Sami is feeling down.
Sami is feeling so much better now.
Sami is feeling so much better.
Sami is feeling ten times better than yesterday.
Sami is feeling terribly bad.
Sami is fighting Farid.
Sami is filing a lawsuit against Layla.
Sami is filing charges against Layla.
Sami is filming another video.
Sami is filming his show.
Sami is filming in his room.
Sami is filming is very first video.
Sami is filming now.
Sami is filming the video.
Sami is filming.
Sami is finally having his moment in the spotlight.
Sami is finally moving.
Sami is finally recovering.
Sami is fine with staying in his original position.
Sami is fine, too.
Sami is fine.
Sami is fired.
Sami is first.
Sami is fixing the lighting.
Sami is flirting with Layla.
Sami is flirting with other girls.
Sami is flying back with his cousin.
Sami is folding his laundry.
Sami is following Layla on Instagram.
Sami is following Layla.
Sami is following me.
Sami is following you around the school.
Sami is foreign.
Sami is found guilty of attempted murder.
Sami is free to go.
Sami is free to leave.
Sami is freezing.
Sami is friends with Farid.
Sami is friends with that guy.
Sami is from African descent.
Sami is from Bakir Junior High.
Sami is from Cairo.
Sami is from Canada and doesn't speak Arabic.
Sami is from Egypt.
Sami is from Egyptian stock.
Sami is from Ontario and drives in the snow all the time.
Sami is from a different department.
Sami is from a wealthy Jewish family.
Sami is from another school.
Sami is from another store.
Sami is from here.
Sami is from my city.
Sami is from my group.
Sami is from one of the largest Nubian tribes in Egypt.
Sami is from out rival high school.
Sami is from the South.
Sami is from the bayou.
Sami is from the coroner's office.
Sami is from the small Southern African country of Malawi.
Sami is frustrated.
Sami is fucked up, too.
Sami is fucking dumb.
Sami is fucking pissed.
Sami is fucking stupid.
Sami is fully Native American.
Sami is gambling away Layla's life savings.
Sami is gay and he's going to hell.
Sami is gay of course.
Sami is gay.
Sami is genuinely happy with this place.
Sami is getting a restraining order against Layla.
Sami is getting better.
Sami is getting bullied.
Sami is getting close to solving this mystery.
Sami is getting crazy.
Sami is getting fired.
Sami is getting fleeced and used.
Sami is getting harassed.
Sami is getting in Layla's car.
Sami is getting in the car.
Sami is getting lots of privileges.
Sami is getting married in Cairo.
Sami is getting married in a few months.
Sami is getting married on Saturday.
Sami is getting married on a cruise.
Sami is getting married tomorrow.
Sami is getting married.
Sami is getting more clever with his scams.
Sami is getting nervous.
Sami is getting old.
Sami is getting older.
Sami is getting out of here.
Sami is getting paid more than the minimum wage.
Sami is getting ready to leave.
Sami is getting ready.
Sami is giggling.
Sami is giving Layla a week to leave.
Sami is giving money to Layla.
Sami is glad Layla is back.
Sami is glad he voted.
Sami is going anyway.
Sami is going away.
Sami is going back there.
Sami is going back to Egypt.
Sami is going back to college.
Sami is going back to his seat.
Sami is going back to jail.
Sami is going back to prison.
Sami is going back to school.
Sami is going back to sleep.
Sami is going back to the city today.
Sami is going back to the dentist.
Sami is going back to work.
Sami is going back upstairs.
Sami is going by himself.
Sami is going downstairs.
Sami is going home for the holidays.
Sami is going home now.
Sami is going home.
Sami is going inside.
Sami is going into sixth grade.
Sami is going into the library.
Sami is going nowhere.
Sami is going on a field trip.
Sami is going on a trip this summer.
Sami is going on the trip today.
Sami is going out now.
Sami is going out tonight.
Sami is going out with Farid.
Sami is going out.
Sami is going outside.
Sami is going over to Layla's.
Sami is going somewhere else.
Sami is going through an ugly mess.
Sami is going through difficult times right now.
Sami is going to Cairo, Egypt.
Sami is going to Egypt.
Sami is going to Layla's apartment.
Sami is going to Layla's house.
Sami is going to Layla's place.
Sami is going to a concert.
Sami is going to a gift shop.
Sami is going to a party.
Sami is going to another state with Layla.
Sami is going to be OK.
Sami is going to be a cook.
Sami is going to be a student.
Sami is going to be abused.
Sami is going to be alright.
Sami is going to be around me.
Sami is going to be arrested.
Sami is going to be at work.
Sami is going to be back from Cairo any minute.
Sami is going to be confused.
Sami is going to be fine.
Sami is going to be fired from the school.
Sami is going to be fired.
Sami is going to be happy to see this.
Sami is going to be here.
Sami is going to be in the car with Layla.
Sami is going to be in trouble tomorrow.
Sami is going to be late for school.
Sami is going to be mad.
Sami is going to be making more videos about this.
Sami is going to be moving to Egypt.
Sami is going to be on the TV show.
Sami is going to be paid for that video.
Sami is going to be pissed.
Sami is going to be poor.
Sami is going to be sixteen years old in two and a half months.
Sami is going to be talking about the solar system.
Sami is going to be teaching this year.
Sami is going to be the engineer in charge.
Sami is going to be the main character of the story.
Sami is going to be weed with the money.
Sami is going to be with Layla.
Sami is going to block Layla on Facebook.
Sami is going to block this number.
Sami is going to boot camp.
Sami is going to buy a gun.
Sami is going to call the cops on Layla.
Sami is going to church camp.
Sami is going to church.
Sami is going to claim this house as part of his inheritance.
Sami is going to college this September.
Sami is going to college this year.
Sami is going to college.
Sami is going to come find me and kill me.
Sami is going to come with me.
Sami is going to die anyways.
Sami is going to die now.
Sami is going to die today.
Sami is going to die tonight.
Sami is going to die.
Sami is going to do his homework.
Sami is going to do it anyways.
Sami is going to do it unless something stops him.
Sami is going to do something that he will regret.
Sami is going to drop Layla off at home.
Sami is going to electrocute himself.
Sami is going to fast today.
Sami is going to fight Farid.
Sami is going to fight with Farid.
Sami is going to film another video.
Sami is going to find Layla.
Sami is going to find a new receptionist.
Sami is going to find out everything.
Sami is going to finish his job.
Sami is going to finish this story tomorrow.
Sami is going to fire Layla.
Sami is going to fix Layla's bike.
Sami is going to fix Layla's car.
Sami is going to fix the TV.
Sami is going to fix this.
Sami is going to get Layla expelled.
Sami is going to get Layla fired.
Sami is going to get Layla out of there.
Sami is going to get caught.
Sami is going to get fired.
Sami is going to get in trouble for this.
Sami is going to get lost if Layla doesn't tell him exactly where she is.
Sami is going to get lost.
Sami is going to get married again.
Sami is going to get murdered.
Sami is going to get out in a week.
Sami is going to get the fuck out in a week.
Sami is going to give Layla some medicine.
Sami is going to go back to square one.
Sami is going to go to Egypt.
Sami is going to handle this himself.
Sami is going to hate living with Layla.
Sami is going to hate me.
Sami is going to have a day off.
Sami is going to have a problem.
Sami is going to have a serious problem.
Sami is going to have a word with the manager.
Sami is going to have nothing.
Sami is going to have some company over.
Sami is going to have to move out.
Sami is going to have to move.
Sami is going to have to tell Layla's father.
Sami is going to have work today.
Sami is going to his apartment.
Sami is going to his sixth period.
Sami is going to hurt us.
Sami is going to hurt you.
Sami is going to jail for a long time.
Sami is going to jail in the prime of his life.
Sami is going to jail tonight.
Sami is going to jail.
Sami is going to join us.
Sami is going to judge you anyway.
Sami is going to keep his mouth shut.
Sami is going to kill Layla.
Sami is going to kill me.
Sami is going to know.
Sami is going to leave.
Sami is going to like it.
Sami is going to like these cookies.
Sami is going to like you.
Sami is going to look for Layla.
Sami is going to look stupid.
Sami is going to lose his job.
Sami is going to love all of those people.
Sami is going to love and treat Layla like his own daughter.
Sami is going to love it.
Sami is going to love the food.
Sami is going to love this story.
Sami is going to love this thing.
Sami is going to love this.
Sami is going to love those videos.
Sami is going to make Layla his.
Sami is going to make dinner tonight.
Sami is going to make so much more friends.
Sami is going to make this call.
Sami is going to miss Layla.
Sami is going to miss his flight.
Sami is going to move all the way across town.
Sami is going to move out.
Sami is going to move.
Sami is going to name his daughter Layla.
Sami is going to need that.
Sami is going to need this apartment six months from now.
Sami is going to need this.
Sami is going to pay for everything he owes Layla.
Sami is going to pay for this.
Sami is going to pick his girlfriend up.
Sami is going to post this video.
Sami is going to post videos more regularly.
Sami is going to practise.
Sami is going to prison for like sixteen years.
Sami is going to regret it.
Sami is going to regret this.
Sami is going to report Layla.
Sami is going to report this.
Sami is going to ride with us.
Sami is going to rot in hell.
Sami is going to rot in jail.
Sami is going to ruin Layla's life.
Sami is going to school.
Sami is going to see Layla.
Sami is going to see it.
Sami is going to shoot his first commercial next week.
Sami is going to show Layla that he's not a child.
Sami is going to show those pictures to the boss.
Sami is going to show up any minute.
Sami is going to shut his mouth for good.
Sami is going to skin me alive.
Sami is going to skip school.
Sami is going to sleep on the couch.
Sami is going to sleep.
Sami is going to start filming.
Sami is going to stay here.
Sami is going to stay in the office.
Sami is going to stay later.
Sami is going to stay with Layla.
Sami is going to sue Layla.
Sami is going to suffer much more.
Sami is going to take care of Layla.
Sami is going to take care of it.
Sami is going to take care of you.
Sami is going to talk about Layla.
Sami is going to talk about it.
Sami is going to talk to Layla.
Sami is going to talk to you about Islam.
Sami is going to talk to you about his conversion to Islam.
Sami is going to talk to you about your conversion to Islam.
Sami is going to tell Layla that he likes her.
Sami is going to tell Mom and Dad.
Sami is going to tell the police.
Sami is going to tell this to Layla.
Sami is going to tell you after the break.
Sami is going to text you in exactly twenty minutes from now.
Sami is going to the Caribbean.
Sami is going to the art institute.
Sami is going to the bank.
Sami is going to the football game.
Sami is going to the game this weekend.
Sami is going to the grocery store.
Sami is going to the health center.
Sami is going to the kitchen.
Sami is going to the liquor store.
Sami is going to the mall.
Sami is going to the military.
Sami is going to the movies.
Sami is going to the office.
Sami is going to the post office.
Sami is going to think that Layla is insane.
Sami is going to throw up.
Sami is going to town.
Sami is going to trust Layla.
Sami is going to try again.
Sami is going to try anyways.
Sami is going to try his best.
Sami is going to try it again for you.
Sami is going to try this.
Sami is going to try.
Sami is going to vote.
Sami is going to watch Layla's dog while she's on vacation.
Sami is going to watch Layla.
Sami is going to watch.
Sami is going to wear this.
Sami is going to work this afternoon.
Sami is going to work today.
Sami is going to work.
Sami is going up there.
Sami is going upstairs.
Sami is going.
Sami is gone on a vacation.
Sami is gone this time.
Sami is gone.
Sami is gonna be OK.
Sami is gonna be a different man.
Sami is gonna be abused.
Sami is gonna be around me.
Sami is gonna be at work.
Sami is gonna be back from Cairo any minute.
Sami is gonna be confused.
Sami is gonna be fine.
Sami is gonna be happy.
Sami is gonna be here.
Sami is gonna be in so much trouble when he gets back.
Sami is gonna be in the car with Layla.
Sami is gonna be in trouble tomorrow.
Sami is gonna be late for school.
Sami is gonna be mad.
Sami is gonna be making more videos about this.
Sami is gonna be poor.
Sami is gonna be sixteen years old in two and a half months.
Sami is gonna be so sad.
Sami is gonna be spending most of his life in prison.
Sami is gonna be the main character of the story.
Sami is gonna be with Layla.
Sami is gonna call the cops on Layla.
Sami is gonna call the police on Layla.
Sami is gonna change that.
Sami is gonna cheat on you.
Sami is gonna clean it all up.
Sami is gonna come find me and kill me.
Sami is gonna come to the house and beat your fucking ass.
Sami is gonna confess.
Sami is gonna die anyways.
Sami is gonna do everything he can.
Sami is gonna do this again.
Sami is gonna drop Layla off at home.
Sami is gonna enter hell.
Sami is gonna fast today.
Sami is gonna figure who that girl is.
Sami is gonna find out everything.
Sami is gonna find out.
Sami is gonna finish this job.
Sami is gonna fix that.
Sami is gonna fix this.
Sami is gonna get caught.
Sami is gonna get in trouble for this.
Sami is gonna get lost.
Sami is gonna get murdered.
Sami is gonna go back to square one.
Sami is gonna hate Layla so much for this.
Sami is gonna have a baby brother.
Sami is gonna have a baby with Layla.
Sami is gonna have a problem.
Sami is gonna have a serious problem.
Sami is gonna have a word with the manager.
Sami is gonna have nothing.
Sami is gonna have to do with it.
Sami is gonna have to leave.
Sami is gonna have to live with it.
Sami is gonna have to move out.
Sami is gonna have to move.
Sami is gonna have to tell Layla's father.
Sami is gonna have work today.
Sami is gonna join us.
Sami is gonna keep his mouth shut.
Sami is gonna kick your butt.
Sami is gonna kill Layla.
Sami is gonna kill me.
Sami is gonna know.
Sami is gonna leave Layla.
Sami is gonna like it.
Sami is gonna like you.
Sami is gonna look stupid.
Sami is gonna lose his job.
Sami is gonna love this story.
Sami is gonna love this thing.
Sami is gonna make Layla his.
Sami is gonna make so much more friends.
Sami is gonna make this call.
Sami is gonna make this work.
Sami is gonna move.
Sami is gonna need more buckets.
Sami is gonna need that.
Sami is gonna need this apartment six months from now.
Sami is gonna need this.
Sami is gonna pay for it a very high price.
Sami is gonna pay for this.
Sami is gonna pay for what he's doing.
Sami is gonna pay.
Sami is gonna regret it.
Sami is gonna ride with us.
Sami is gonna rob a bank.
Sami is gonna show those pictures to the boss.
Sami is gonna show up any minute.
Sami is gonna skin me alive.
Sami is gonna skip school.
Sami is gonna sleep with me, too.
Sami is gonna spend the rest of his life in jail.
Sami is gonna stay here for the rest of his life.
Sami is gonna stay here.
Sami is gonna stay home.
Sami is gonna stop smoking.
Sami is gonna take care of it.
Sami is gonna talk about Layla.
Sami is gonna talk about it.
Sami is gonna tell Mom and Dad.
Sami is gonna tell you after the break.
Sami is gonna text you in exactly twenty minutes from now.
Sami is gonna travel sixty miles.
Sami is gonna try anyways.
Sami is gonna try hard.
Sami is gonna try his best.
Sami is gonna try this.
Sami is gonna try to kill Layla.
Sami is gonna try.
Sami is gonna watch Layla.
Sami is gonna watch.
Sami is gonna win.
Sami is good at card tricks.
Sami is good at customer service.
Sami is good at heart.
Sami is good at hide-and-seek.
Sami is good at it.
Sami is good at making friends.
Sami is good at seducing women.
Sami is good with his hands.
Sami is graduating early.
Sami is grateful.
Sami is great at designing buildings.
Sami is great.
Sami is grieving.
Sami is grounded and can't come over.
Sami is grounded.
Sami is growing up.
Sami is grown.
Sami is guilty as hell.
Sami is guilty, too.
Sami is handcuffed.
Sami is hanging out on a yacht in Egypt.
Sami is hanging out with friends.
Sami is hanging out with his friends today.
Sami is hanging out with his friends.
Sami is happily married.
Sami is happy for Layla.
Sami is happy that he has that house.
Sami is happy to answer any questions about Islam.
Sami is happy to be here.
Sami is happy to call Leon, Florida, home.
Sami is happy to talk to any person about Islam.
Sami is happy with Layla.
Sami is happy with her.
Sami is happy with his life now.
Sami is happy with them.
Sami is hard at work.
Sami is haunted by a terrible moment in his past.
Sami is having a bad day.
Sami is having a fun day on the beach.
Sami is having a fun day.
Sami is having a good time.
Sami is having a huge party tonight.
Sami is having a huge party.
Sami is having a mental breakdown.
Sami is having a panic attack.
Sami is having a party at his place.
Sami is having a really shitty time.
Sami is having a seizure.
Sami is having a shitty day.
Sami is having a sleepover.
Sami is having a spelling test.
Sami is having an affair with Farid's girlfriend.
Sami is having an affair with Layla.
Sami is having an affair with a co-worker.
Sami is having an affair.
Sami is having an anxiety attack.
Sami is having dinner with Layla tonight.
Sami is having fun at the bar.
Sami is having fun.
Sami is having his break.
Sami is having lunch with Layla.
Sami is having trouble speaking.
Sami is heading to the back room.
Sami is heading up to Layla's area.
Sami is hearing everything that she is saying.
Sami is hearing everything that she's saying.
Sami is hearing that noise.
Sami is heartbroken because of Layla.
Sami is heartbroken.
Sami is helping Layla at the clinic.
Sami is helping Layla fix her car.
Sami is helping Layla now.
Sami is helping Layla out.
Sami is helping Layla.
Sami is helping his father.
Sami is helping people.
Sami is helping the cops.
Sami is here at school.
Sami is here for a computer.
Sami is here for his girlfriend.
Sami is here for the tea party.
Sami is here for this.
Sami is here for you.
Sami is here in Egypt.
Sami is here now.
Sami is here somewhere.
Sami is here to collect his paycheck.
Sami is here to entertain you.
Sami is here to find out the truth.
Sami is here to help you with whatever he needs.
Sami is here to help you.
Sami is here to pick up his check.
Sami is here to recover.
Sami is here to stay and he doesn't give a damn about a bunch of cowards led by a neighborhood bully like you.
Sami is here to stay and he's not afraid of a piece of shit like you.
Sami is here to stay.
Sami is here to steal something.
Sami is here to talk.
Sami is here to work.
Sami is here to write a book.
Sami is here with two friends.
Sami is here, too.
Sami is here.
Sami is hiding from Layla.
Sami is hiding in the back room.
Sami is hiding in the backyard.
Sami is hiding somewhere in the neighborhood.
Sami is high as fuck.
Sami is highly self-reliant.
Sami is highly trained in martial arts.
Sami is hired.
Sami is hiring servers.
Sami is his cousin.
Sami is his daughter's biggest defender.
Sami is his father's proud and joy.
Sami is his own business owner.
Sami is hitting Layla in the face.
Sami is hitting on Layla.
Sami is holding Layla's hand.
Sami is holding a bouquet of roses and a box.
Sami is holding a box in his hand.
Sami is holding his breath.
Sami is home all day.
Sami is home alone.
Sami is home and he's fine.
Sami is home.
Sami is honest.
Sami is hopeless.
Sami is hospitalized there.
Sami is hosting a Halloween party.
Sami is hungry, too.
Sami is hurt and pissed.
Sami is hurt.
Sami is hurting Layla.
Sami is ignoring Layla.
Sami is ignoring them.
Sami is imposing himself on us.
Sami is in Cairo a lot.
Sami is in Cairo now.
Sami is in Egypt now.
Sami is in Egypt right now.
Sami is in Egypt where he is trying to live a new life.
Sami is in Egypt, attending a wedding.
Sami is in Egypt.
Sami is in Layla's car.
Sami is in Layla's house.
Sami is in Layla's neighborhood.
Sami is in Layla's office.
Sami is in Layla's power.
Sami is in a bar.
Sami is in a beautiful apartment.
Sami is in a better place than we are.
Sami is in a committed relationship.
Sami is in a gang.
Sami is in a good mood today.
Sami is in a mad mood this morning.
Sami is in a meeting with business partners.
Sami is in a new environment.
Sami is in a new neighborhood.
Sami is in a new relationship.
Sami is in a psychiatric hospital.
Sami is in a relationship now.
Sami is in a relationship with someone he doesn't trust.
Sami is in a relationship.
Sami is in a rush.
Sami is in a serious relationship.
Sami is in a very bad mood.
Sami is in an entirely different country.
Sami is in an unfamiliar area.
Sami is in another state.
Sami is in big trouble now.
Sami is in charge of this YouTube channel.
Sami is in college now.
Sami is in college.
Sami is in competition.
Sami is in construction.
Sami is in custody after shooting Layla.
Sami is in custody.
Sami is in danger.
Sami is in deep shit.
Sami is in front of Layla.
Sami is in front of the camera.
Sami is in front of the school.
Sami is in good hands here.
Sami is in grade twelve and is going to graduate this year.
Sami is in heaven.
Sami is in here.
Sami is in high school now.
Sami is in high school.
Sami is in his apartment.
Sami is in his backyard.
Sami is in his bedroom.
Sami is in his country.
Sami is in his late sixties.
Sami is in his mid-to-late sixties.
Sami is in his new apartment.
Sami is in his parents' room.
Sami is in his pyjamas.
Sami is in his room doing his homework.
Sami is in his room.
Sami is in his sixties.
Sami is in his store.
Sami is in intense pain.
Sami is in jail now.
Sami is in jail, paying for his sins.
Sami is in middle school.
Sami is in my neighborhood.
Sami is in my room.
Sami is in one of the largest airports in the world.
Sami is in really big trouble.
Sami is in retail.
Sami is in shock.
Sami is in so much pain.
Sami is in solitary.
Sami is in tears.
Sami is in the LGBT community.
Sami is in the attic.
Sami is in the back room.
Sami is in the back seat.
Sami is in the band.
Sami is in the basement.
Sami is in the bathroom.
Sami is in the big house.
Sami is in the car with his parents and kids.
Sami is in the car.
Sami is in the group.
Sami is in the hallway.
Sami is in the hot seat himself.
Sami is in the house.
Sami is in the kitchen.
Sami is in the laboratory right now.
Sami is in the living room.
Sami is in the mall.
Sami is in the middle of a lawsuit.
Sami is in the mosque.
Sami is in the next bedroom.
Sami is in the process of moving again.
Sami is in the security room with a couple of security guards.
Sami is in the shower.
Sami is in the sixth grade.
Sami is in the wrong.
Sami is in there.
Sami is in this story, too.
Sami is in this town.
Sami is in trouble for something.
Sami is in trouble.
Sami is in your house.
Sami is inexperienced and very young.
Sami is infatuated with Layla.
Sami is innocent of what he said he did.
Sami is innocent.
Sami is insane.
Sami is inside the house.
Sami is inside the office with the officials.
Sami is interested in Layla's life.
Sami is interested in Layla.
Sami is interested in everything.
Sami is interested in hearing that.
Sami is interested in hearing this.
Sami is interested in microbiology.
Sami is interested in purchasing t-shirts from Layla.
Sami is interested in sea monsters.
Sami is interested in seeing this.
Sami is interested in sex.
Sami is interested in the Quran.
Sami is interested in this dog.
Sami is interested in you.
Sami is interested to know how Layla converted to Islam.
Sami is interested to work for Walmart.
Sami is interested.
Sami is interviewing Layla.
Sami is interviewing me.
Sami is intimidating Layla.
Sami is into this stuff.
Sami is involved in Layal's disappearance.
Sami is involved in a serious case.
Sami is irrelevant to this story.
Sami is irresponsible as shit.
Sami is irritated as fuck.
Sami is irritated.
Sami is jealous of Layla.
Sami is just a bartender.
Sami is just a bureaucrat.
Sami is just a friend from high school.
Sami is just a friend.
Sami is just a fucking lying asshole.
Sami is just a guest.
Sami is just a kid.
Sami is just a neighbor.
Sami is just a normal person.
Sami is just a piece of dirt.
Sami is just a random guy.
Sami is just a teenager.
Sami is just a toddler.
Sami is just about as mad as Layla.
Sami is just about to graduate.
Sami is just an actor.
Sami is just an old fool.
Sami is just another burden for Layla.
Sami is just as surprised as Layla.
Sami is just being nice.
Sami is just being polite.
Sami is just confused.
Sami is just crying.
Sami is just curious.
Sami is just different.
Sami is just doing his work.
Sami is just doing what he is told.
Sami is just expressing his pain.
Sami is just following blindly.
Sami is just going to concentrate on his studies.
Sami is just going to find a new job.
Sami is just gonna find a new job.
Sami is just gonna spend the night at Layla's place.
Sami is just hanging out with some of his friends.
Sami is just here for some weed.
Sami is just hungry.
Sami is just irritated.
Sami is just jealous.
Sami is just kidding.
Sami is just leaving.
Sami is just living his life.
Sami is just looking at us.
Sami is just looking for someone to have fun with.
Sami is just lost.
Sami is just mad.
Sami is just not able to knock out all this work.
Sami is just not feeling this anymore.
Sami is just not good with money.
Sami is just not ready for a relationship.
Sami is just not ready.
Sami is just not that type of person.
Sami is just playing.
Sami is just really disappointed.
Sami is just really proud of himself.
Sami is just scared to talk about it.
Sami is just sixteen and he's still at school.
Sami is just sixteen.
Sami is just so perfect and I love him.
Sami is just so pissed.
Sami is just standing there.
Sami is just taking pictures.
Sami is just talking.
Sami is just tired.
Sami is just too old.
Sami is just trying to help Layla.
Sami is just trying to keep up with it.
Sami is just trying to protect Layla.
Sami is just trying to remember things as they come.
Sami is just trying to scare Layla.
Sami is just unpredictable.
Sami is just using you.
Sami is just very tired.
Sami is just waiting.
Sami is just walking around.
Sami is just wasting time.
Sami is just watching us.
Sami is just worried about Layla.
Sami is keeping a low profile.
Sami is keeping everyone in the dark.
Sami is kind of busy now.
Sami is kind of cute.
Sami is kind of pissed off.
Sami is kind of shocked.
Sami is kind of terrified of this.
Sami is kind.
Sami is knocking on Layla's door.
Sami is known by everybody.
Sami is known for his violent mood swings.
Sami is known for his violent temper.
Sami is known for this.
Sami is late again.
Sami is learning every day.
Sami is leaving Layla.
Sami is leaving at six.
Sami is leaving early.
Sami is leaving for Cairo.
Sami is leaving in six days.
Sami is leaving in six minutes.
Sami is leaving me alone in this apartment.
Sami is leaving now for the airport.
Sami is leaving now.
Sami is leaving right now.
Sami is leaving the store.
Sami is leaving this afternoon.
Sami is leaving this weekend.
Sami is leaving tomorrow.
Sami is leaving town.
Sami is leaving.
Sami is legal and can drink.
Sami is legally responsible for what he did.
Sami is legitimately my biggest supporter.
Sami is light-skinned.
Sami is like Farid.
Sami is like a king now.
Sami is like celebrity.
Sami is like in his mid-sixties.
Sami is like weed in our family. He needs to be uprooted and thrown out.
Sami is linked to Layla.
Sami is listening to the recording.
Sami is listening.
Sami is literally crazy.
Sami is literally insane.
Sami is literally my number one fan on YouTube.
Sami is literally never at work.
Sami is literally starving.
Sami is literally the same age as Layla.
Sami is living downtown.
Sami is living his life.
Sami is living in Egypt.
Sami is living in Layla's house.
Sami is living in a hotel room right now.
Sami is living in a house.
Sami is living in an apartment.
Sami is living in the lap of luxury.
Sami is living lavish.
Sami is living on food stamps.
Sami is living the lifestyle of the rich.
Sami is living with HIV.
Sami is living with a roommate.
Sami is living with his parents.
Sami is lonely.
Sami is looking after Layla's dog.
Sami is looking around.
Sami is looking at Layla's pants.
Sami is looking at Layla's sister.
Sami is looking at Layla.
Sami is looking at himself in the mirror.
Sami is looking at it.
Sami is looking at me sideways.
Sami is looking at me.
Sami is looking at the dog.
Sami is looking at the picture.
Sami is looking at you.
Sami is looking back at me.
