You had just turned on the radio.
You had lowered the flame.
You had lunch, didn't you?
You had many opportunities to do that.
You had me at hello.
You had me completely fooled.
You had me fooled.
You had me jumping through hoops just to keep up.
You had me pretty worried.
You had me worried for a minute there.
You had me worried.
You had never talked to me like that before!
You had nightmares.
You had nightmarish dreams.
You had no choice but to do it.
You had no choice but to do what Tom told you to do.
You had no choice.
You had no idea when Tom and Mary were going to do that, did you?
You had no idea when Tom was going to do that, did you?
You had no opinion about this a week ago.
You had no problems with the processing of the visa?
You had no reason to do so.
You had no reason to do that.
You had no right to do that.
You had no right to interfere.
You had no right to tell Tom that.
You had no way of knowing that that would happen.
You had no way of knowing that would happen.
You had no worries.
You had one job.
You had played.
You had plenty of opportunity.
You had plenty of time to do that.
You had plenty of time.
You had quite a sleep.
You had read.
You had some fun, didn't you?
You had some, didn't you?
You had something to do with this, didn't you?
You had splattered me while you were parking.
You had taken on more than you could cope with.
You had that coming.
You had the beef, you the chicken, and you the potatoes. If we all fart at once, they won't be able to identify the culprit.
You had the chance to do it.
You had the chance to do that more skillfully.
You had the chance, but you didn't take it.
You had the entire world at your disposal.
You had the opportunity to enhance your performance.
You had the opportunity, but you didn't use it.
You had the same T-shirt on yesterday.
You had the same experience as Mr Bean when the conjurer summoned him.
You had this planned, didn't you?
You had time to think. What'd you decide?
You had to be there.
You had to close it.
You had to come yesterday.
You had to do everything yourself.
You had to do everything yourselves.
You had to drive very slowly.
You had to give her a gift to thank her.
You had to give it back to Tom, didn't you?
You had to have known Tom was recording our conversation with John in Boston.
You had to join that project.
You had to know Tom might get upset.
You had to know that Tom might get upset.
You had to make a choice.
You had to make everything yourself.
You had to make everything yourselves.
You had to queue for 15 minutes for the Ladies.
You had to queue for 15 minutes to get into the women's toilets.
You had to ruin the moment, didn't you?
You had to see me.
You had to stay at home.
You had to stay.
You had to study English.
You had to tell her that.
You had to tell one of the adults.
You had to thoroughly look into Tom's background.
You had two apples.
You had us a little worried.
You had us worried sick.
You had us worried.
You had vertigo.
You had wanted to go there for a long time, hadn't you?
You had wanted to go there for a long time, hadn’t you?
You had your chance already.
You had your chance and you blew it.
You had your chance to do that yesterday.
You had your chance.
You had your opportunity.
You had your parents really worried.
You had your reasons for doing what you did.
You had your say.
You had your share.
You had your sister really worried.
You hadn't ever said that was against the rules before, and no reasonable person could have interpreted the text of the rules that way.
You hadn't told me not to discuss politics.
You handle your cooking and I handle my garden, OK?
You handle yourself really well in Japanese.
You handled everything just right.
You handled that badly, Tom.
You handled that beautifully.
You handled that deftly.
You handled that matter well.
You handled that particular problem very well.
You handled that particular situation very well.
You handled that problem quite well.
You handled that situation quite well.
You handled that very skilfully.
You handled that very skillfully.
You handled that well.
You handled the situation well.
You handled yourself well today.
You handled yourselves well today.
You happily agreed.
You hardly ate anything.
You hardly ever ask questions.
You hardly ever complain about anything.
You hardly ever complain.
You hardly ever laugh.
You hardly ever smile.
You hardly ever talk to me.
You hardly ever work, do you?
You hardly know me.
You hardly talk to me anymore.
You harmed people.
You harvest what you sow.
You hate Biden because he's a socialist. I hate Biden because he's not a socialist. We are not the same.
You hate Halloween, don't you?
You hate Tom, don't you?
You hate Tom, don’t you?
You hate Tom, right?
You hate Tom.
You hate being called Tom, don't you?
You hate each other.
You hate everybody.
You hate everyone.
You hate everything.
You hate getting up early in the morning, don't you?
You hate her, don't you?
You hate her, right?
You hate him, don't you?
You hate him, right?
You hate horror movies, don't you?
You hate insects, don't you?
You hate it when people do that, don't you?
You hate it, don't you?
You hate me, don't you?
You hate me.
You hate my guts, don't you?
You hate one another.
You hate opera, don't you?
You hate parties, don't you?
You hate psychiatrists, don't you?
You hate raw onions, don't you?
You hate raw onions.
You hate regulations.
You hate rules.
You hate school, don't you?
You hate secrets, don't you?
You hate small towns, right?
You hate spiders, don't you?
You hate spiders, right?
You hate spinach, right?
You hate the Algerian authority.
You hate the Jacksons, don't you?
You hate the idea, don't you?
You hate the regulations.
You hate the rules.
You hate them, don't you?
You hate them, right?
You hate this kind of stuff, don't you?
You hate to lose, don't you?
You hate tourists, don't you?
You hate us, don't you?
You hate women, don't you?
You hate your job, don't you?
You hate yourself.
You have "lies" written all over your face.
You have 1 backup token remaining.
You have 2 backup tokens remaining.
You have 20 minutes left to prepare, so make the best of it.
You have 30 days left in your 30-day free trial.
You have COVID-19.
You have German tomorrow.
You have Halloween and Thanksgiving Day.
You have Jackson Pollock who's known as this hard drinking, hard-driving artist who painted very spontaneous gestures in a high state of emotion, and then a colleague of his, Mark Rothko, painting quiet, contemplative works in a far less spontaneous way.
You have Jim to thank for your failure.
You have Swiss passports.
You have Tom to thank for that.
You have Tom to thank for your failure.
You have Tom to thank for your success.
You have a French test tomorrow, so you need to study tonight.
You have a Monday routine, don't you?
You have a St. Petersburg accent, but an Odessan sense of humor.
You have a Swiss passport.
You have a Ukrainian passport.
You have a bachelor's degree.
You have a bad attitude.
You have a bad habit of wanting to compartmentalize things.
You have a bad sprain.
You have a bad way of expressing yourself.
You have a beautiful apartment.
You have a beautiful body.
You have a beautiful daughter.
You have a beautiful dog.
You have a beautiful family.
You have a beautiful flat.
You have a beautiful garden. Mine is mostly weeds.
You have a beautiful home.
You have a beautiful horse.
You have a beautiful house.
You have a beautiful name.
You have a beautiful sister.
You have a beautiful smile.
You have a beautiful soul.
You have a beautiful voice.
You have a beautiful voice. Have you ever considered singing?
You have a better life than Yuri.
You have a big family, right?
You have a big head.
You have a big heart!
You have a big heart.
You have a big mouth, and you talk a lot.
You have a big nose.
You have a big problem.
You have a big stain on your pullover.
You have a big stain on your sweater.
You have a booger under your nose.
You have a brain disease.
You have a brain the size of a walnut.
You have a bright future.
You have a brother, don't you?
You have a bruise.
You have a busy week ahead of you.
You have a button missing.
You have a car, don't you?
You have a car.
You have a cassette player? I can let you borrow my tapes if you want.
You have a certain number of assignments, and you have to complete them by a date.
You have a charming smile.
You have a child, don't you?
You have a child-like face.
You have a chip on your shoulder about that situation.
You have a choice of 24 gears with this bike.
You have a choice of black tea, coffee, or milk.
You have a choice to make.
You have a choice.
You have a cold and your lymph nodes are swollen.
You have a cold, don't you?
You have a collect call from―Tom Jackson.
You have a complicated name. I noted it so as not to forget it.
You have a concussion.
You have a contagious disease.
You have a crush on Tom, don't you?
You have a crush on him, don't you?
You have a crush on him.
You have a cute smile.
You have a decision to make.
You have a delivery.
You have a desire to be wealthy, don't you?
You have a dictionary, don't you? Can I use it?
You have a dictionary, don’t you? Can I use it?
You have a dictionary.
You have a different view of reality.
You have a different view of this world. You are American.
You have a difficult choice to make.
You have a difficult schedule to keep.
You have a dirty mind.
You have a dog, don't you?
You have a duty not to comply with an unlawful order.
You have a face of a child.
You have a family to think about.
You have a family to think of.
You have a feather in your hair.
You have a feather on your coat.
You have a fertile imagination.
You have a fever and should not go out.
You have a fever and shouldn't go out.
You have a fever of 38 degrees.
You have a fever, you must not go outside.
You have a fever.
You have a filthy imagination.
You have a fine beard.
You have a flat tire.
You have a flat tyre.
You have a flat.
You have a fracture, that is to say a broken bone.
You have a frog in your throat.
You have a full schedule today.
You have a funny laugh.
You have a funny way of walking.
You have a future.
You have a genius for music.
You have a ghost in your house.
You have a gift for music.
You have a go. I can't seem to get it to work.
You have a good camera.
You have a good chance of being chosen.
You have a good chance of winning.
You have a good chance to get well.
You have a good ear for music.
You have a good friend in me.
You have a good hand for practical work.
You have a good head on your shoulders.
You have a good heart, Tom.
You have a good heart.
You have a good job.
You have a good lawyer.
You have a good library.
You have a good memory.
You have a good plan, Comrade Zhukov.
You have a good plan.
You have a good point.
You have a good reason to be angry.
You have a good reputation.
You have a good sense of direction.
You have a good sense of humor.
You have a good sense of humour.
You have a good taste in interior design.
You have a good track record.
You have a good vocabulary.
You have a good voice.
You have a grape.
You have a great alibi.
You have a great attitude.
You have a great bond with the kids.
You have a great gift.
You have a great imagination.
You have a great job.
You have a great laugh.
You have a great memory!
You have a great memory.
You have a great personality.
You have a great sense of humor.
You have a great sense of humour.
You have a great sense of style.
You have a great smile.
You have a great voice.
You have a great work ethic.
You have a greater command of the English language than I do.
You have a green book.
You have a guest.
You have a guilty conscience, don't you?
You have a guilty conscience. That's why you can't look me in the eye.
You have a gum infection.
You have a habit of acting without thinking.
You have a habit of exaggerating everything.
You have a habit of masking your anxieties.
You have a habit of not following my suggestions.
You have a habit of not thinking things through.
You have a habit that I'm happy about.
You have a handsome son.
You have a hard day ahead of you.
You have a hard heart.
You have a headache because you're horny as fuck.
You have a headache, don't you?
You have a healthy baby boy.
You have a heart of gold that touches everyone you meet.
You have a heart of stone.
You have a heavy cross to bear.
You have a high fever.
You have a history of lying, Tom.
You have a horse.
You have a huge belly.
You have a huge potential for self-growth, but I'm afraid you don't use it wisely.
You have a job to do tomorrow.
You have a job to do.
You have a job, don't you?
You have a keen sense of direction.
You have a kid, don't you?
You have a kind heart.
You have a large family to support; don't play for high stakes.
You have a large family to support; don’t play for high stakes.
You have a large stomach.
You have a latent problem here that will cause trouble in the future.
You have a leaf in your hair.
You have a letter.
You have a light hand, don't you?
You have a light hand, don’t you?
You have a limited amount of time.
You have a little bit of snot dripping out of your nose.
You have a little fever today, don't you?
You have a little fever today, don’t you?
You have a long legs, don't you?
You have a long way ahead of you.
You have a long way to go before you attain nirvana, my friend.
You have a long way to go.
You have a lot in common with me.
You have a lot more shoes than I do.
You have a lot more shoes than I have.
You have a lot of books, don't you?
You have a lot of books.
You have a lot of courage.
You have a lot of creative ideas.
You have a lot of experience in computers, don't you?
You have a lot of free time, haven't you?
You have a lot of great ideas.
You have a lot of interesting ideas.
You have a lot of money and I don't have any.
You have a lot of money, I don't.
You have a lot of money, and I have none.
You have a lot of money, don't you?
You have a lot of money.
You have a lot of nerve!
You have a lot of nerve.
You have a lot of potential for growth.
You have a lot of potential for success.
You have a lot of potential.
You have a lot of potential. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
You have a lot of problems.
You have a lot of strange ideas.
You have a lot of talent.
You have a lot of tension in your shoulders.
You have a lot of time.
You have a lot of wisdom.
You have a lot of work to do.
You have a lot to answer for, Tom.
You have a lot to learn about business.
You have a lot to learn about men.
You have a lot to learn about women.
You have a lot to learn from him.
You have a lot to learn yourself.
You have a lot to learn yourselves.
You have a lot to learn, my boy.
You have a lot to learn.
You have a lot to learn. I'll teach you.
You have a lot to lose.
You have a loud voice.
You have a lovely daughter.
You have a lovely home.
You have a lovely voice.
You have a meager vocabulary.
You have a meeting with the security team.
You have a meeting, right?
You have a membership card.
You have a mesmerizing kind of beauty that makes me feel weak in the knees.
You have a message from Ziri.
You have a message here.
You have a message.
You have a mosquito on your right forearm.
You have a narcissistic boss.
You have a nasty concussion.
You have a natural radar as a parent.
You have a new admirer!
You have a new fan!
You have a new notification.
You have a new suitor!
You have a nice ass. You should secure it like Jennifer Lopez did.
You have a nice complexion.
You have a nice family.
You have a nice home.
You have a nice house.
You have a nice laugh.
You have a nice line in doing your work.
You have a nice smile.
You have a nice suit.
You have a nice table with peanuts, beans, onion and chilli.
You have a nice voice.
You have a nice-looking garden.
You have a nicer house than I do.
You have a nicer office than I do.
You have a nickname, don't you?
You have a nickname?
You have a noodle on your nose.
You have a one-in-a-thousand chance of guessing it!
You have a parcel.
You have a part-time job, don't you?
You have a part-time job, right?
You have a passing grade.
You have a passport, don't you?
You have a patient.
You have a personal tax exemption of 500,000 yen.
You have a pet.
You have a phone call from a man who says he's your neighbor.
You have a phone.
You have a piece of cake and a bottle of wine.
You have a plan, don't you?
You have a plan, right?
You have a point there.
You have a point.
You have a poor memory!
You have a positive attitude.
You have a pretty garden.
You have a pretty good memory.
You have a pretty smile.
You have a problem there.
You have a problem.
You have a problem. How can I help you?
You have a proclivity for getting yourself into difficult situations.
You have a question.
You have a really big day ahead of you.
You have a really foul mouth!
You have a really good sense of direction.
You have a really nice house.
You have a really nice place.
You have a really nice voice.
You have a regular pulse.
You have a relationship with Tom, don't you?
You have a reservation at a hotel.
You have a responsibility to explain that behavior to me.
You have a rifle, don't you?
You have a right to a safe working environment.
You have a right to be angry.
You have a right to be happy.
You have a right to be here.
You have a right to know about what happened.
You have a right to petition the government for a redress of grievances.
You have a right to speak up about mistreatment without fear of reprisal.
You have a ring, don't you?
You have a routine on Monday, don't you?
You have a run in your stocking.
You have a scratch on your windshield.
You have a secret admirer.
You have a sense of humor.
You have a sense of humor. I like that.
You have a sense of humour.
You have a sense of humour. I like that.
You have a serious case of sunburn.
You have a sharp sense of direction.
You have a sink in the room with cold and hot water taps.
You have a slight fever today.
You have a small chest.
You have a soft body.
You have a son named Tom, don't you?
You have a son, don't you?
You have a son.
You have a sore throat and fever. Don't go out.
You have a sound point.
You have a special place in my heart.
You have a spider on the ceiling!
You have a staff meeting at 2:30.
You have a stain on your T-shirt.
You have a standing invitation to join us.
You have a steady job, but I don't.
You have a stinky cock and I don't feel like taking it in my mouth.
You have a strange idea of happiness.
You have a strange sense of humor.
You have a strange sense of humour.
You have a strict mother.
You have a strong ability to learn.
You have a strong fear of social judgment.
You have a sweet dog.
You have a talent for making things right.
You have a talent for music.
You have a talent for saying the right thing at the right time.
You have a talent for writing.
You have a task to complete.
You have a telephone at your house.
You have a telephone.
You have a temperature and your throat hurts?
You have a tendency to cover up your anxieties.
You have a tendency to exaggerate.
You have a tendency to forget things.
You have a tendency to not pay attention.
You have a tendency to put things off indefinitely.
You have a tendency to talk too fast.
You have a tendency to trail off.
You have a tender body.
You have a thin skin.
You have a thing for Mary, don't you?
You have a toxic boss.
You have a toxic manager.
You have a unique perspective on things.
You have a unique perspective.
You have a valid point.
You have a very beautiful coat.
You have a very beautiful daughter.
You have a very cold heart.
You have a very crisp way of speaking.
You have a very good memory.
You have a very good voice.
You have a very handsome son.
You have a very handsome stick.
You have a very high fever.
You have a very high temperature.
You have a very impressive operation here, Tom.
You have a very impressive resume.
You have a very interesting way of speaking.
You have a very kind wife and very good friends.
You have a very logical way of thinking.
You have a very nice apartment.
You have a very nice car.
You have a very nice daughter.
You have a very nice family.
You have a very nice flat.
You have a very nice room.
You have a very nice smile.
You have a very pleasant voice.
You have a very pretty name.
You have a very strange way of thinking.
You have a very twisted mind.
You have a very welcoming smile.
You have a visitor in reception.
You have a visitor.
You have a watch.
You have a way with women.
You have a way with words that I aspire to achieve.
You have a way with words.
You have a way with words. Your writing is amazing.
You have a weird name.
You have a weird smell.
You have a wife, don't you?
You have a wonderful imagination.
You have a wonderful voice.
You have abandoned your post.
You have absolutely no fashion sense.
You have absolutely no idea how hard it was to convince Tom to help us.
You have absolutely no idea how to do this, do you?
You have absolutely no idea what we had to do.
You have absolutely no reason to feel offended.
You have absolutely nothing to fear.
You have accomplished a lot of stuff.
You have added a comment, not a translation. To add a translation, click on the "あ→а" icon above the sentence.
You have added a comment, not a translation. To add a translation, click on the Â«ã‚â†’Ð°Â» icon above the sentence.
You have agency.
You have all died.
You have all the information you need.
You have all these books!
You have allowed me to be here.
You have already been diagnosed with slow-progressing schizophrenia.
You have already been to Berlin.
You have already eaten cake.
You have already eaten the cake.
You have already eaten.
You have already explained the problem.
You have already seen his father.
You have always been a fighter.
You have always been like that.
You have an English test tomorrow, so don't get bogged down in your math homework tonight.
You have an English test tomorrow, so don’t get bogged down in your math homework tonight.
You have an abscess.
You have an admirer.
You have an advantage over him.
You have an alibi, I hope.
You have an alternative.
You have an amazing gift for making others feel valued.
You have an annoying tendency of interrupting me.
You have an apple.
You have an assistant, right?
You have an e-mail message in your inbox.
You have an easy-to-remember email address.
You have an email address that's easy to remember.
You have an email message in your inbox.
You have an endless supply of anecdotes.
You have an entry ticket.
You have an exam today.
You have an excellent analyst.
You have an excellent memory.
You have an hour to relax.
You have an hour.
You have an imaginative, artistic and pretty romantic personality.
You have an impeccable track record.
You have an important letter in the mail.
You have an important meeting today.
You have an important work to do that must be pursued immediately.
You have an infection in your throat.
You have an infectious disease.
You have an overactive imagination.
You have an overinflated view of your own abilities.
You have an unmatched open parenthesis in your first sentence.
You have another chance even if you fail this time.
You have arrived a bit late.
You have arrived at the bottom.
You have arrived at your destination.
You have arrived in Ighrem.
You have as much right as everyone else.
You have asked me if I know the name of the assassin. I do. The mere knowing of his name is a small thing, however, compared with the power of laying our hands upon him.
You have at least three options.
You have bad breath.
You have bad manners.
You have beautiful blue eyes.
You have beautiful brown eyes.
You have beautiful daughters.
You have beautiful eyes.
You have beautiful feet.
You have beautiful hair.
You have beautiful hands.
You have beautiful legs.
You have beautiful lips.
You have become a Tatoeba-addict.
You have become a great man!
You have become a joke!
You have become a laughingstock!
You have become an object of ridicule!
You have become different.
You have bedroom eyes.
You have been a great mentor to me.
You have been arrested.
You have been banned from participating until further notice.
You have been beaten. Give in!
You have been busy.
You have been candid with me, so I will be candid with you.
You have been cheating on your husband.
You have been chosen.
You have been doing well at school so far.
You have been duped.
You have been enslaved by those sons of bitches.
You have been forewarned.
You have been gone for so many years.
You have been good soldiers.
You have been helped.
You have been honest with me, so I will be honest with you.
You have been idle for too long, and so you have been logged out of internet banking. Please log in again to continue.
You have been imposed upon.
You have been in these PJs for two weeks.
You have been lied to about the war in Iraq.
You have been logged out.
You have been misinformed.
You have been missing all these years.
You have been playing.
You have been preapproved for a credit card.
You have been really good to me.
You have been screwing with his head.
You have been showing the way.
You have been sitting here all this time and I didn't even notice you.
You have been skipping school for a week already.
You have been slowly drifting away and pulling away from me these days.
You have been snatched again, for the sixth time now.
You have been so dismissive to me.
You have been so kind to me.
You have been spotted.
You have been struck by lightning three times, isn't it?
You have been such a disappointment to your mother.
You have been such good children that I am going to send you to visit my granny, who lives in a dear little hut in the wood.
You have been supporting me since I started singing.
You have been taking a lot of breaks for pictures. We still have a lot of driving ahead of us.
You have been telling nothing but lies all along.
You have been the laughingstock of everyone!
You have been there all the time, listening.
You have been thinking about this problem the whole morning. Take a break; go eat lunch.
You have been to Boston before.
You have been tortured.
You have been using me to see this guy.
You have been wanting to talk about Chinese for about 18 years now. What I write does not please you. It is better that you talk directly. I know a lot about their or our culture.
You have been warned.
You have betrayed us.
You have betrayed us. I can see it in your eyes.
You have better eyesight than I do.
You have better sight than me.
You have better taste than I thought.
You have bewitched me!
You have big responsibilities.
You have bits of food in your teeth.
You have black ink on your hands.
You have blood on your hands.
You have bought more postage stamps than are necessary.
You have broad shoulders.
You have broken the law.
You have brought detection as near an exact science as it ever will be brought in this world.
You have brought nothing but trouble here!
You have brought nothing new.
You have brought shame upon our family.
You have business acumen.
You have butterfingers.
You have cancer.
You have carte blanche, you can do what you want.
You have cats?
You have caught cold because of your sitting in the draught.
You have caught the thief.
You have caused me to lose my temper.
You have certain privileges and therefore corresponding responsibilities.
You have certainly heard the news.
You have changed a lot.
You have changed quite a lot.
You have changed since I saw you last year.
You have changed so much that I can hardly recognize you.
You have changed so much.
You have changed.
You have cheated on your wife.
You have children?
You have chosen a bad time.
You have chosen me as an object of your amusement.
You have chosen the best.
You have chosen the right direction.
You have chosen the wrong guy to mess with.
You have chronic bronchitis.
You have class tomorrow?
You have cleaned your shoes, haven't you?
You have cleaned your shoes, haven’t you?
You have clearly laid out your ideas.
You have come around to it.
You have come at an opportune time.
You have come to the right place.
You have come to your senses.
You have come too soon.
You have come-to-bed eyes.
You have compassion for him, don't you?
You have competition.
You have completely misunderstood my letter.
You have complicated things.
You have confused the students.
You have counted.
You have cream on the tip of your nose.
You have crossed a line.
You have crossed the line.
You have cute eyes.
You have dealt well with Your servant, O LORD, according to Your word.
You have decided to quit smoking.
You have defeated the dragon.
You have developed a bald spot.
You have dialled the wrong number.
You have dictated the text.
You have died.
You have difficulties with this language.
You have difficulty grasping women's perspectives.
You have dinner at seven o'clock.
You have dirt under your fingernails.
You have dirty feet.
You have dirty hands.
You have dishonored the family.
You have divided the Sermon on the Mount into chapters in your own way - according to the subject matter, I suppose.
You have docked on the island.
You have done a good deed.
You have done a good job. I'll take my hat off to you.
You have done a very good job.
You have done a wonderful job.
You have done it totally incorrect!
You have done it.
You have done me a great service by recovering my horse.
You have done me a great service by recovering my horse. You would do me a greater still if you could lay your hands on the murderer of John Straker.
You have done me a service that I cannot forget.
You have done me a world of good.
You have done that properly today.
You have done these things, and I kept silence. You thought that the "I AM" was just like you. I will rebuke you, and accuse you in front of your eyes.
You have done this, haven't you?
You have done very well.
You have done well in leaving off being an Advocate and sticking to grammar.
You have done well so far.
You have done well.
You have done what you needed to do.
You have done your work quickly.
You have dragged from the altar a virgin whom Cupid had reserved to adorn a tale of love.
You have drunk.
You have eaten enough.
You have eaten everything at home.
You have eaten lunch, haven't you?
You have eaten lunch, haven’t you?
You have eaten the candy.
You have enough candy to last until next year.
You have enough money now.
You have enough on your mind without worrying about my problems.
You have enough time to catch the train.
You have enough time.
You have enough to do.
You have erectile dysfunction.
You have even never been to Kabylie.
You have every reason to be upset with me.
You have every reason to say so.
You have every right to be angry at me.
You have every right to be angry with me.
You have every right to be angry.
You have every right to be mad at me.
You have every right to be mad.
You have every right to be upset.
You have every right to do that.
You have every right to know what happened.
You have every right to say no.
You have everything a man could have—youth, health, strength, education, energy.
You have everything and Tom has nothing.
You have everything to gain.
You have everything you need now.
You have everything you need, right?
You have everything you need.
You have everything you really need, right?
You have everything you really want, don't you?
You have everything you want, don't you?
You have everything.
You have evicted us.
You have exactly five minutes.
You have exactly one minute.
You have exactly thirteen minutes to finish this.
You have exceeded the maximum number of invites.
You have excellent definition in your biceps and triceps.
You have excellent vision. Why are you wearing glasses?
You have excellent vision. Why do you wear glasses?
You have experience.
You have experienced both sides of me.
You have expressed your argument.
You have failed again.
You have failed once again.
You have failed the test.
You have fainted.
You have faith in yourself.
You have far more pairs of shoes than I have.
You have fed the dog.
You have few books.
You have fewer books than I do.
You have fewer of them than I do.
You have fewer than I do.
You have fewer than one hundred books.
You have filled the fields, which are dear to me, with the tumult of war: you have taken as plunder the herds and flocks, which were my peculiar care.
You have finished your homework, haven't you?
You have finished your homework, haven’t you?
You have five minutes to get dressed and come downstairs.
You have five new messages.
You have five years.
You have forfeited the right to claim to care about freedom.
You have forgotten everything.
You have forgotten your change.
You have forgotten your umbrella.
You have foul breath.
You have four dogs.
You have freedom of thought.
You have freedom to travel wherever you like.
You have friends here.
You have friends who can help you, don't you?
You have gained weight.
You have gingivitis.
You have given birth to me.
You have given me a new life.
You have given me so many.
You have given me so much.
You have given up all hope.
You have given up hope.
You have given us the confidence to press ahead.
You have given yourself a European name? Why? Then why don't you just change the color of your skin as well?
You have gobbled up all the biscuits!
You have gone crazy.
You have gone through a lot of trouble because of me.
You have gone to Adekar.
You have gone to Kisumu.
You have gone to bed.
You have gone too far this time.
You have gone too far.
You have good friends.
You have good genes.
You have good ideas.
You have good insight.
You have good instincts.
You have good pronunciation.
You have good reason to be angry.
You have good taste in clothes.
You have good taste in movies.
You have good taste in music.
You have good taste.
You have goosebumps.
You have gorgeous eyes.
You have got a chance to travel.
You have got a lot of anger issues.
You have got a lot of nerve.
You have got it.
You have got masks.
You have got no desire to live.
You have got something to read.
You have got to be joking!
You have got to be kidding me.
You have got to be kidding.
You have got to change. This can't go on like this.
You have got to listen to me.
You have got to promise me that we just keep it between the two of us.
You have gotten at least a nice present.
You have grains of rice stuck around your mouth.
You have grapes.
You have great legs.
You have great potential.
You have great self-control.
You have great talent. You are truly gifted.
You have great taste.
You have half an hour to get the cameras ready.
You have hatred among yourselves.
You have heard, seen, suffered, you have him; give judgment.
You have heard, seen, suffered.
You have heart disease.
You have helped me so much, I'd like to express my sincere gratitude.
You have helped me so much, I’d like to express my sincere gratitude.
You have helped me, so I will help you.
You have here an interesting example.
You have hidden talents.
You have high potential.
You have him there.
You have hope, don't you?
You have hopefully never laid eyes upon the genitals of the majority of the people you have interacted with.
You have hung up the laundry.
You have hypertension.
You have ice cream on your face.
You have indeed increased my admiration, not removed it.
You have infinite possibilities as an artist.
You have information that I need.
You have it all backwards!
You have it all backwards.
You have it all wrong.
You have it backwards.
You have it exactly right.
You have it in the bag.
You have it wrong.
You have it.
You have jam in your hair.
You have joined the party.
You have just boosted my self-esteem.
You have just done your homework.
You have just five strands of hair.
You have just found him.
You have just saved me so much work.
You have just stepped on a hornet's nest.
You have just won a prize of $5000 in a California state safety competition for proper use of your seatbelt.
You have ketchup around your mouth.
You have ketchup on your face.
You have kidney stones.
You have knowledge and experience as well.
You have known for a long time what to do.
You have landed on the Moon.
You have laughed at me.
You have learnt a bad philosophy which is controlling your life.
You have left a heavy impression on me.
You have legs, you go.
You have liberated me from Sami.
You have lipstick on your cheek.
You have lipstick on your collar.
You have lipstick on your teeth.
You have little to gain and a lot to lose.
You have little to gain and much to lose.
You have loads of time.
You have located Tom, haven't you?
You have long hair.
You have lost a good opportunity by delaying.
You have lost everything.
You have lost hope.
You have lost my trust.
You have lost your camera.
You have lost your head.
You have lost your heads.
You have lost your mind.
You have lost your minds.
You have lost your vigor.
You have lost; give up!
You have lots of friends.
You have lots of phones.
You have lots of time.
You have lovely breasts.
You have lovely eyes, don't you?
You have lovely eyes, don’t you?
You have lovely eyes.
You have lung cancer.
You have made a big mistake.
You have made a fatal mistake.
You have made a foul move.
You have made a mistake.
You have made a promise.
You have made all my dreams come true.
You have made him what he is.
You have made it.
You have made many mistakes.
You have made me mad.
You have made only a few spelling mistakes.
You have made some really good progress.
You have made the same mistake.
You have made the very same mistake again.
You have made things even harder for us to deal with.
You have mail.
You have managed this before.
You have many assistants, and they try their best to please you.
You have many books in this library, but precious few who want to read any of it.
You have many books.
You have many caring friends.
You have many companions.
You have many complaints.
You have many different kinds of people here.
You have many enemies.
You have many fixations.
You have many friends.
You have many herbs in this garden.
You have many more pairs of shoes than I do.
You have many more pairs of shoes than I have.
You have many students, don't you?
You have me at a disadvantage, Tom.
You have me at your feet.
You have me on the brink of tears with your emotionally charged stories.
You have meat.
You have messy handwriting.
You have met some friends.
You have missed an important clue.
You have missed this, haven't you?
You have misunderstood Tom.
You have money, don't you?
You have money.
You have more energy than I do.
You have more energy than I.
You have more energy than me.
You have more money than me.
You have more restraint than most people.
You have moved to Ighil lqayed.
You have moved too far from the mic.
You have much to learn.
You have my admiration.
You have my answer.
You have my attention already.
You have my authority to proceed with that order.
You have my blessing, my son!
You have my blessing.
You have my condolences.
You have my deepest apologies.
You have my email address, right?
You have my eternal gratitude, Yanni.
You have my eternal gratitude.
You have my full respect.
You have my full support.
You have my full trust.
You have my glasses.
You have my heartfelt gratitude.
You have my highest regard.
You have my house keys in your hand. What are you doing?
You have my mug.
You have my number. Call me sometime.
You have my permission to do that.
You have my permission to laugh.
You have my permission to leave.
You have my permission to meet with him.
You have my permission to try.
You have my permission.
You have my personal word on it.
You have my respect for your ability to see your own enterprise from the outside and for operating within ordinary human and moral limits.
You have my respect, Tom.
You have my respect.
You have my sincere appreciation.
You have my sincere gratitude.
You have my support, Tom.
You have my support.
You have my sympathies.
You have my sympathy.
You have my thanks.
You have my umbrella.
You have my undivided attention.
You have my undying loyalty, Captain.
You have my utmost respect.
You have my vote.
You have my whole attention.
You have my word
You have my word on her sincerity.
You have my word on it.
You have my word on that.
You have my word.
You have never been in this situation.
You have never been to Okinawa, have you?
You have never experienced this.
You have never requested that of me.
You have never said hello to me in all the years I've known you.
You have never spoken about it.
You have never told me that.
You have never told me your name.
You have never wanted to study anyway.
You have nice legs.
You have nice skin.
You have nightmares.
You have no alternative.
You have no authority to do that.
You have no authority to tell me what to do.
You have no business complaining about the matter.
You have no business doing it.
You have no business here.
You have no cause for anger.
You have no chance with her.
You have no choice in the matter.
You have no choice in this matter.
You have no choice.
You have no claim on me.
You have no clue on how disappointed I am!
You have no clue what our problems are.
You have no clue what you are doing, do you?
You have no clue what you're doing, do you?
You have no conscience!
You have no driving experience.
You have no evidence against me.
You have no evidence.
You have no fever whatsoever.
You have no fever.
You have no fixed abode.
You have no friends.
You have no future here.
You have no future.
You have no goals in life.
You have no good reason for thinking as you do.
You have no grounds for accusing Jill of stealing the stock certificates.
You have no hair.
You have no heart.
You have no idea how I feel.
You have no idea how bad I feel.
You have no idea how close I came to doing that.
You have no idea how delighted I am to meet you.
You have no idea how distressed she was.
You have no idea how expensive having a baby is.
You have no idea how good you have it.
You have no idea how grateful we are to you.
You have no idea how hard I've had to work to do this.
You have no idea how hard I've had to work to get this done.
You have no idea how important this job is to me.
You have no idea how important you are to me.
You have no idea how lucky you are.
You have no idea how many people go missing here.
You have no idea how many times I've heard that.
You have no idea how much I cried for you.
You have no idea how much I cried.
You have no idea how much I love you.
You have no idea how much I miss you.
You have no idea how much Tom needs you.
You have no idea how much that means to me.
You have no idea how much time I've spent on this project.
You have no idea how much we missed you.
You have no idea how much we've missed you.
You have no idea how painful it is to say this.
You have no idea how pretty the girls are around here!
You have no idea how tired I am of all this complaining.
You have no idea how to do it, do you?
You have no idea how to do that, do you?
You have no idea how to do this, do you?
You have no idea how to perform in front of an audience.
You have no idea how uncomfortable these shoes are.
You have no idea of how to speak in public.
You have no idea what I can do.
You have no idea what I have done or who I am.
You have no idea what I have to do.
You have no idea what I'm dealing with.
You have no idea what I'm talking about, do you?
You have no idea what Mary is capable of. Beware of her!
You have no idea what Tom did.
You have no idea what Tom has done.
You have no idea what happened, do you?
You have no idea what it feels like.
You have no idea what might happen, do you?
You have no idea what that is, do you?
You have no idea what that means, do you?
You have no idea what this is, do you?
You have no idea what this means to me.
You have no idea what took place.
You have no idea what true love is.
You have no idea what you're getting into.
You have no idea what you're talking about.
You have no idea what you've got yourself into.
You have no idea what you've missed.
You have no idea what's going on here, do you?
You have no idea what's going on, do you?
You have no idea where Tom and Mary plan to go to college, do you?
You have no idea where Tom and Mary work, do you?
You have no idea where Tom plans to go to college, do you?
You have no idea where Tom works, do you?
You have no idea where we are, do you?
You have no idea who I am, do you?
You have no idea who I am.
You have no idea who Tom is.
You have no idea who that is, do you?
You have no idea who you're dealing with.
You have no idea why Tom wanted you to do that.
You have no idea why Tom wanted you to stop doing that.
You have no idea!
You have no idea, do you?
You have no idea.
You have no imagination.
You have no influence.
You have no justification to say something like that.
You have no knowledge of computers.
You have no legal right to seize my property.
You have no life.
You have no manners.
You have no messages.
You have no more messages.
You have no more strength, do not insist.
You have no natural mother tongue. Isn't that a pity?
You have no need to be ashamed.
You have no need to hurry.
You have no new messages.
You have no nightmares.
You have no obligation to help us.
You have no obligation to help.
You have no one but yourself to blame.
You have no one but yourselves to blame.
You have no one to blame but yourself.
You have no one to blame but yourselves.
You have no other choice but to trust each other.
You have no other choice.
You have no power over me.
You have no proof of that.
You have no proof!
You have no proof.
You have no reason not to switch.
You have no reason to be afraid.
You have no reason to be angry with me.
You have no reason to be angry.
You have no reason to be here.
You have no reason to be sad!
You have no reason to be sad.
You have no reason to be worried.
You have no reason to complain.
You have no reason to doubt Tom.
You have no reason to doubt me.
You have no reason to fight.
You have no reason to fire Tom. He is a good worker.
You have no respect for me.
You have no right to answer.
You have no right to ask me such questions.
You have no right to ask me that.
You have no right to be here.
You have no right to do that.
You have no right to do this!
You have no right to do this.
You have no right to even mention her name.
You have no right to give me orders.
You have no right to go there.
You have no right to interfere in other people's affairs.
You have no right to interfere in other people’s affairs.
You have no right to interfere.
You have no right to invade someone else's life.
You have no right to judge me!
You have no right to judge me.
You have no right to judge these people.
You have no right to kiss a lady against her will.
You have no right to open this box.
You have no right to oppose our plan.
You have no right to pass judgement on these people.
You have no right to say anything to me!
You have no right to say so.
You have no right to say that to her.
You have no right to say that.
You have no right to stop at this street.
You have no right to take it away from Tom.
You have no right to talk to me that way.
You have no right to tell me what to do.
You have no right to tell me who I can or can't date.
You have no right to throw me out.
You have no right to treat me like this.
You have no scruples.
You have no self-confidence.
You have no self-criticism.
You have no self-esteem.
You have no self-respect.
You have no sense of direction.
You have no sense of humor, do you?
You have no sense of organization at all.
You have no sense of rhythm.
You have no shame laughing at her, poor woman!
You have no shame.
You have no sick days left.
You have no sympathy.
You have no taste at all.
You have no taste.
You have no way to verify it.
You have not been to Sidi Aiche.
You have not changed at all.
You have not changed your mind.
You have not done anything bad.
You have not eaten the cake yet.
You have not experienced Shakespeare until you have read him in the original.
You have not heard the children.
You have not kept your word.
You have not made up your minds yet.
You have not moved to Kerrouche.
You have not said anything personal.
You have not seen her.
You have not seen him.
You have not seen it.
You have not tasted the chorba.
You have not traveled to Alexandria.
You have not visited Estonia.
You have not yet answered Tom's letter.
You have not yet replied to Tom's letter.
You have nothing I want.
You have nothing better to do than spend hours lying on a sofa talking to a shrink?
You have nothing left to say.
You have nothing on your wall.
You have nothing to apologize for.
You have nothing to be afraid of.
You have nothing to be ashamed of.
You have nothing to be jealous of.
You have nothing to be sorry about.
You have nothing to be sorry for.
You have nothing to do with my life.
You have nothing to do with this.
You have nothing to fear anymore.
You have nothing to fear but fear itself.
You have nothing to fear of this spider.
You have nothing to fear, but fear itself.
You have nothing to fear.
You have nothing to feel guilty about.
You have nothing to hide, do you?
You have nothing to lose but your pride.
You have nothing to lose.
You have nothing to prove to us.
You have nothing to say.
You have nothing to worry about, baby. I'm not attracted to him.
You have nothing to worry about.
You have nothing whatever to be embarrassed about.
You have nothing whatever to feel guilty about.
You have nothing whatever to worry about.
You have nothing.
You have nourished in your bosom the snakes that are now stinging you.
You have nourished your babies.
You have officially run out of ideas.
You have one chance.
You have one hour to get ready.
You have one hour to get this done.
You have one hour.
You have one kid, don't you?
You have one minute to decide.
You have one minute to defend your point of view.
You have one minute.
You have one missed call.
You have one mouth and two ears, so listen more and speak less.
You have one move left.
You have one new message.
You have one notification.
You have only a short rest, so make the best of it.
You have only just arrived.
You have only made one mistake.
You have only one backup token remaining.
You have only one chance to answer correctly.
You have only one choice.
You have only one flaw.
You have only ten seconds left to live.
You have only three minutes left.
You have only three options to select.
You have only three options.
You have only to answer the first question.
You have only to ask for her help.
You have only to ask for his help.
You have only to ask for it and it will be given to you.
You have only to ask for it.
You have only to ask him if he'd like to join us.
You have only to ask him if he’d like to join us.
You have only to believe him.
You have only to close your eyes.
You have only to come here.
You have only to do as you were told.
You have only to follow the directions.
You have only to give him a little help.
You have only to give the order.
You have only to go there.
You have only to go with me.
You have only to keep silent.
You have only to leave early to get a good seat.
You have only to play a role.
You have only to practice every day.
You have only to push the button to get a ticket.
You have only to push the button to open the bay window.
You have only to push the button.
You have only to push this button.
You have only to push this red button.
You have only to put them together.
You have only to read a few more pages.
You have only to read a few pages of this book.
You have only to read this article to see how serious the accident was.
You have only to set out on a trip by yourself.
You have only to sign your name here.
You have only to sit here.
You have only to sit in silence.
You have only to sit quietly with your hands folded in your lap.
You have only to stand in front of the door. It will open by itself.
You have only to stand there doing nothing.
You have only to study hard, and you will pass the test.
You have only to study hard.
You have only to sweep the floor.
You have only to touch the button.
You have only to wait for her return.
You have only to wait here for him.
You have only to wait here.
You have only to watch what I do.
You have only to work away at your homework.
You have only two options.
You have only yourself to blame.
You have opened the cages.
You have our full support no matter what you decide.
You have our full support.
You have our offer.
You have our party's undivided support.
You have our party’s undivided support.
You have our permission to include our software on condition that you send us a copy of the final product.
You have our respect.
You have our total support, Tom.
You have our unconditional support.
You have overstepped your authority.
You have pancreatic disease.
You have paperwork that needs to be done.
You have perfect eyesight.
You have performed nobly.
You have pity for her.
You have pity for him.
You have plans, don't you?
You have played.
You have plenty of things to live for.
You have plenty of time to catch the train.
You have plenty of time.
You have potential.
You have power.
You have presented several centimeters to me while you spoke.
You have pretty eyes.
You have priority.
You have probably heard about Pavlov.
You have probably never heard of me, but I'm famous back home.
You have probably never heard of me, but I’m famous back home.
You have problems.
You have provided me with some very useful advice.
You have put everything out of order.
You have put on a little bit of weight.
You have quite a lively imagination.
You have quite a narrow taste in music.
You have quite a nice collection.
You have quite a temper, don't you?
You have quite a temper.
You have quite an appetite.
You have quite an imagination.
You have quite the imagination.
You have reached the voicemail box of Tom Thompson.
You have reached your destination.
You have reached your free article limit.
You have read a lot of novels recently.
You have read this book before.
You have read your comments.
You have real potential.
You have realized I don't love you.
You have realized I love you.
You have really beautiful teeth! Are they real?
You have really beautiful teeth.
You have really bewitched me.
You have really changed.
You have really charmed me.
You have really good handwriting.
You have really good towels.
You have really great hair.
You have really long hair.
You have really to work hard in order to learn Hebrew.
You have reason to be happy.
You have reason to be worried.
You have received a positive reaction.
You have received some bad news.
You have red wine.
You have rendered us invaluable service.
You have restored my faith in humanity.
You have restored the value of Kabylity.
You have returned to Timezrit.
You have right of way.
You have rights.
You have ruined my make-up.
You have said quite enough.
You have saved an innocent man’s life, and you have prevented a very grave scandal.
You have saved my life.
You have saved our planet.
You have school tomorrow.
You have seduced, deluded and abandoned me.
You have seen Tokyo Tower, haven't you?
You have seen Tokyo Tower, haven’t you?
You have selected a high difficulty level.
You have selected an action, and you haven’t made any changes on individual fields.
You have selected an action, but you haven’t saved your changes to individual fields yet.
You have set yourself a challenge.
You have seven blankets.
You have seven children.
You have seven kids.
You have seven sons.
You have several chips in your windshield.
You have sexy eyes.
You have shown me another one.
You have singing lessons at a school of music.
You have six unread messages.
You have so many people to thank.
You have so many things to do.
You have so much left to learn.
You have so much potential.
You have so much stupid shit in your house.
You have so much to learn.
You have so much to live for.
You have soft hands.
You have solved that well!
You have some books.
You have some butter.
You have some explaining to do.
You have some food in your teeth.
You have some food on your face.
You have some ink on your face.
You have some mail.
You have some money, don't you?
You have some money, don’t you?
You have some rice on your face.
You have some spaghetti sauce on your face.
You have some strange ideas.
You have some talented people here.
You have some unique perspectives.
You have some white powder under your nose.
You have somebody you can talk to, don't you?
You have someone to live for.
You have someone you can talk to, don't you?
You have something I need.
You have something I want.
You have something in your pockets, don't you?
You have something in your teeth.
You have something of a reputation.
You have something of mine.
You have something on your face.
You have something stuck in your teeth.
You have something that I need.
You have something that belongs to me.
You have something that you can convince me with.
You have something to read.
You have something to say about everything, don't you?
You have something to say about everything, don’t you?
You have started.
You have stolen my bottle of wine!
You have stolen my happiness, Charles.
You have stopped smoking.
You have strange ideas about me.
You have strange tastes.
You have strength.
You have strong legs, don't you?
You have studied enough. Now you can go and play.
You have successfully enabled two-factor authentication and logged in with your token.
You have such a beautiful home.
You have such a beautiful house.
You have such a beautiful name.
You have such a beautiful singing voice.
You have such a great sense of humor.
You have such a great smile.
You have such a kind heart.
You have such a nice smile.
You have such a poor sense of direction.
You have such a wonderful eye for detail.
You have such beautiful blue eyes.
You have such beautiful eyes.
You have such beautiful green eyes.
You have such beautiful lashes.
You have such beautiful, hazel eyes.
You have such big eyes.
You have such cute eyes.
You have such good friends.
You have such lovely, round eyes.
You have such nice ties.
You have such pretty eyes.
You have suckled your babies.
You have suggested the idea to Marie.
You have superb English.
You have survived everything that has happened to you so far.
You have taken enough punishment, as if you had killed the Pope of Rome, or pissed on the sepulchre of St Peter.
You have talent, no doubt; it's just a pity that you haven't learned more.
You have taught him well.
You have ten minutes to make up your mind.
You have ten seconds left to live.
You have ten seconds, from now!
You have tennis elbow. Soak your arm in warm water.
You have that ability to decide that.
You have that choice.
You have that.
You have the EU and everything, and you still want to be American and speak American.
You have the ability inside you to recover.
You have the ability to become a top idol on your own.
You have the ability to make simple things complicated.
You have the advantage of a good education.
You have the advantage of me.
You have the body of an athlete.
You have the chance to brighten someone's day with your donations.
You have the choice between two alternatives.
You have the choice of soup or salad.
You have the eyes of a lynx.
You have the floor now.
You have the floor.
You have the freedom to travel wherever you like.
You have the green-blue of the sea in your eyes. Your gaze fascinates me, it is emotion. It intoxicates, it stuns, it is moonlight. It enslaves, it has captured my heart.
You have the hiccups.
You have the intellect of a rock.
You have the kind of mind for that.
You have the necessary skills.
You have the opportunity to travel wherever you want.
You have the option to refuse.
You have the patience of a saint.
You have the power of choice in your affairs.
You have the power to make a difference through your donations.
You have the power to make me crazy.
You have the power to shape the universe.
You have the power.
You have the prettiest eyes in the world.
You have the priority to get on this elevator over me.
You have the rest of your life ahead of you.
You have the right to abstain from serving as witnesses.
You have the right to an attorney.
You have the right to be creative.
You have the right to be happy.
You have the right to be treated with respect by others.
You have the right to cancel your order.
You have the right to consult a lawyer.
You have the right to consult an attorney before speaking to the police.
You have the right to defend yourself.
You have the right to do that.
You have the right to do whatever you want.
You have the right to free speech, but not the right to slander.
You have the right to have a lawyer present.
You have the right to have a lawyer with you during questioning.
You have the right to have feelings.
You have the right to know.
You have the right to not testify.
You have the right to refuse.
You have the right to remain silent.
You have the right to say what you think... if you think like me.
You have the right to see things the way you want to.
You have the right to talk to a lawyer for advice before we ask you any questions.
You have the right to the truth.
You have the run of my house.
You have the same answer to everything.
You have the same camera as mine.
You have the same chance as everyone else.
You have the same name as my father.
You have the same racket as I have.
You have the same rights as anyone else here.
You have the same rights as everybody else.
You have the same rights as everyone else.
You have the same sentiments as the maid.
You have the same skin color as me.
You have the scissors.
You have the skills required.
You have the solution to all of my problems.
You have the tendency to be forgetful.
You have the tendency to forget things.
You have the tendency to forget.
You have the tendency to lose things.
You have the wrong idea about me.
You have the wrong number.
You have the zipper of your pants open.
You have thick hair.
You have things backwards.
You have thirty days.
You have thirty messages.
You have thirty minutes left.
You have thirty minutes to decide.
You have thirty minutes to make your decision.
You have thirty minutes.
You have thirty seconds left.
You have thirty seconds to clear the area.
You have thirty seconds.
You have this completely wrong.
You have this dream.
You have three cars, don't you?
You have three cars.
You have three cats.
You have three chances to spare.
You have three children.
You have three choices.
You have three days left to live.
You have three dictionaries.
You have three friends in this world: Courage, comprehension, and wisdom.
You have three guesses.
You have three hours to finish doing this.
You have three hours to finish the report.
You have three hours to meet our demands.
You have three kids.
You have three messages.
You have three minutes and thirty seconds left.
You have three minutes for your open mic set.
You have three minutes to surrender.
You have three missed calls.
You have three new messages.
You have three options.
You have three pens.
You have three problems.
You have three seconds to make your choice.
You have three seconds.
You have three unread messages.
You have three wishes.
You have time for payoff until the end of the month.
You have time to think.
You have time.
You have to abide by the laws.
You have to abstain from alcohol.
You have to accent that note.
You have to accept Ziri for who he is.
You have to accept it.
You have to accept that.
You have to accept the inevitable.
You have to accept whatever comes, and the only important thing is that you meet it with the best you have to give.
You have to accept your role.
You have to account for the result.
You have to account for your absence.
You have to account for your failure.
You have to accustom yourself to the crowded trains in Tokyo.
You have to acquire as soon as possible a good knowledge of business English.
You have to acquire real skills, not just superficial knowledge.
You have to act like an adult.
You have to act quickly.
You have to adapt to circumstances.
You have to adapt to the circumstances.
You have to adapt to the situation.
You have to adapt.
You have to add more details to the report.
You have to adjust your glasses to your eyes.
You have to adjust.
You have to admire Tom's guts.
You have to admit that Tom's idea is a good one.
You have to admit that was a lot of fun.
You have to admit that's an interesting idea.
You have to admit that.
You have to admit what you did was pretty ridiculous.
You have to admit what you did wrong before I'll forgive you.
You have to admit you have a problem before anybody can help you.
You have to advertise.
You have to allow Tom to go.
You have to allow for human weakness.
You have to allow for the boy's age.
You have to allow for the boy’s age.
You have to answer all of these questions.
You have to answer her letter.
You have to answer his letter.
You have to answer the letter immediately.
You have to answer the letter straight away.
You have to answer the question.
You have to answer these questions.
You have to answer this question.
You have to answer yes or no!
You have to apologise.
You have to apologize at once when you have done wrong.
You have to appear in person.
You have to ask Tom first.
You have to ask Tom for permission to do that.
You have to ask Tom.
You have to ask for permission from your teacher.
You have to ask her first.
You have to ask him first.
You have to ask me for forgiveness.
You have to ask me for it.
You have to ask me the question in Berber.
You have to ask them first.
You have to ask yourself "Why do I believe what I believe?"
You have to at least try.
You have to audition to join the choir.
You have to avoid making mistakes of that kind.
You have to avoid making that kind of mistake.
You have to be a January 1st individual to truly understand the huge inner beauty we naturally own inside us, only an individual born on January 1st just like me can fully understand it.
You have to be a bit patient.
You have to be a member.
You have to be a psychopath to target the homeless.
You have to be able to adapt.
You have to be able to fit in.
You have to be able to say no.
You have to be able to say things.
You have to be able to speak Berber.
You have to be active.
You have to be aggressive to be a success.
You have to be as patient as Job to deal with him.
You have to be at least under 24 hours of observation.
You have to be at the railway station at 12 noon tomorrow.
You have to be at the station at midday tomorrow.
You have to be at the station by 2:30.
You have to be at the station by five o'clock at the latest.
You have to be at the station no later than five o'clock.
You have to be at the train station at 12 on the dot.
You have to be aware of these things.
You have to be aware that the time will come when you will do things that can not be thought of a second time.
You have to be backed by a bunch of different states to stage a coup.
You have to be brave to be an actor. It's not easy to perform on stage in front of a lot of people. I am too shy for that.
You have to be brave.
You have to be careful crossing this road.
You have to be careful in business.
You have to be careful not to injure yourself.
You have to be careful so as not to injure yourself.
You have to be careful when working with nitroglycerin.
You have to be careful when you're in the jungle.
You have to be careful.
You have to be choosy about the people you discuss issues like this with.
You have to be crazy to do something like that!
You have to be crazy to keep denying such an irrefutable truth!
You have to be creative.
You have to be daft to believe that.
You have to be educated to believe what you're told.
You have to be extra careful around Tom.
You have to be extra careful around him.
You have to be fingerprinted.
You have to be finished doing that by 2:30.
You have to be flexible.
You have to be here at 2:30 tomorrow afternoon.
You have to be home by nine o'clock.
You have to be home by nine o’clock.
You have to be honest.
You have to be joking!
You have to be joking.
You have to be kidding!
You have to be more attentive in class.
You have to be more careful the next time you do that.
You have to be more careful when you play ball.
You have to be more careful with things that don't belong to you.
You have to be more careful.
You have to be more patient.
You have to be more specific than that.
You have to be much quicker than that if you want the job.
You have to be obedient to your parents.
You have to be on time.
You have to be optimistic.
You have to be organised with the right equipment.
You have to be outside something, able to experience it from a distance, before it makes sense.
You have to be over 18 to drive.
You have to be patient about your recovery.
You have to be patient when you learn a new language.
You have to be patient.
You have to be polite.
You have to be positive.
You have to be prepared for anything.
You have to be prepared for whatever happens.
You have to be prepared to lose.
You have to be prepared.
You have to be pretty stupid to believe that.
You have to be proactive.
You have to be proud of your children.
You have to be quick.
You have to be quiet in class.
You have to be quite daft to believe that.
You have to be ready by 2:30.
You have to be ready for change.
You have to be ready for whatever happens.
You have to be ready to go.
You have to be ready.
You have to be realistic now.
You have to be somewhat to blame for that.
You have to be strict.
You have to be strong.
You have to be stupid to believe that.
You have to be there at 2.30.
You have to be there at half past two.
You have to be there at half two.
You have to be there at two thirty.
You have to be there by 2:30.
You have to be twelve years old to understand him.
You have to be up-front and candid at interviews.
You have to be very calm.
You have to be very careful not to overdo things.
You have to be very careful.
You have to be very quiet.
You have to be very strong.
You have to be very talented to do that the way Tom does it.
You have to be vigilant.
You have to be well-prepared.
You have to bear the pain.
You have to beat the odds.
You have to beat the time.
You have to begin as soon as possible.
You have to behave in the church.
You have to believe Tom.
You have to believe in me.
You have to believe in something.
You have to believe in your dream.
You have to believe in yourself.
You have to believe in yourselves.
You have to believe me, Fadil.
You have to believe me, Tom.
You have to believe me.
You have to believe me. I really want you to stay.
You have to believe me. I'm innocent!
You have to believe us.
You have to believe!
You have to beware of strangers.
You have to blast your way out.
You have to blow out all the candles on your birthday cake.
You have to boil the water.
You have to book in advance.
You have to break an egg to make an omelet.
You have to brush your teeth before going to sleep!
You have to bundle up to avoid catching a cold and getting sick.
You have to butter the guy up first.
You have to buy it for him.
You have to buy it.
You have to buy milk, eggs, butter, and other things.
You have to buy one at the office.
You have to buy something.
You have to buy this for Tom.
You have to buy this too!
You have to buy this, too.
You have to call Mary and tell her.
You have to call Tom and Mary and tell them.
You have to call Tom and tell him.
You have to call Tom.
You have to call her.
You have to call him.
You have to call the doctor and make an appointment.
You have to call them.
You have to calm down.
You have to carry out your plans.
You have to catch that bus to get to the museum.
You have to catch this bus to get to the museum.
You have to change before the party.
You have to change buses at the next stop.
You have to change how you think.
You have to change planes in Boston.
You have to change the lock on the door.
You have to change the word order.
You have to change trains at Shibuya.
You have to change trains at Shinjuku.
You have to change trains at the next station.
You have to change trains at the next stop.
You have to change trains in Shinjuku.
You have to change your clothes.
You have to chew the food before you swallow it.
You have to choose between honor and death.
You have to choose from different possibilities.
You have to choose one of them!
You have to choose one thing.
You have to choose one.
You have to choose your own destiny.
You have to choose your own path in life.
You have to choose your own path.
You have to choose.
You have to choose. Wild sex with a stranger, or wild sex with someone who's crazy about you.
You have to clean the refrigerator.
You have to clean your glasses.
You have to clean your own room.
You have to clean your room.
You have to click through reams of legal boilerplate to sign up for any web site, these days.
You have to climb an exhausting 100 steps up the hill before reaching Mary's house.
You have to climb that wall.
You have to climb up the tree.
You have to come again.
You have to come at once.
You have to come back immediately.
You have to come back in 30 minutes.
You have to come back right now.
You have to come back to the hotel with me so that we can talk about this.
You have to come back.
You have to come here tomorrow.
You have to come home earlier today.
You have to come home for Christmas.
You have to come home.
You have to come immediately.
You have to come now.
You have to come out of there.
You have to come quickly.
You have to come tomorrow.
You have to come with me right away.
You have to come with me.
You have to come with us.
You have to come.
You have to compensate them for that.
You have to complete a warmup before you start exercising.
You have to concentrate harder.
You have to concentrate more.
You have to concentrate on your recovery.
You have to confess.
You have to consider doing that.
You have to consult a doctor immediately.
You have to continue to study.
You have to contribute your fair share.
You have to control yourself.
You have to cook them separately.
You have to cook.
You have to cooperate with Tom. There's no other option.
You have to cope with those difficult problems.
You have to cover your mouth when you're sick.
You have to create problems to create profit.
You have to cross the ocean to get to America.
You have to cross this field to get to the river.
You have to cultivate your taste.
You have to cut the zombies' heads off.
You have to cut them into slices.
You have to dare to say things.
You have to deal with impatience!
You have to decide for yourself.
You have to decide quickly.
You have to decide that for yourself.
You have to decide that for yourselves.
You have to decide.
You have to dedicate yourself to the task.
You have to defend yourself.
You have to defend yourselves.
You have to develop a study plan.
You have to develop a thick skin and not take bad experiences personally.
You have to devote yourself to the task.
You have to dig deeper.
You have to dig down and pay for it.
You have to dilute it with water.
You have to disappear.
You have to dissolve it in water.
You have to distinguish fact from fiction.
You have to divide what's left into four parts.
You have to do a lot of studying.
You have to do as I say.
You have to do as Tom says.
You have to do everything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
You have to do everything Tom tells you to do.
You have to do exactly what I do.
You have to do it again.
You have to do it before the end of the week.
You have to do it by yourself.
You have to do it even if you don't want to.
You have to do it for Tom.
You have to do it for sure.
You have to do it now.
You have to do it on your own.
You have to do it properly.
You have to do it today.
You have to do it yourself.
You have to do it yourselves.
You have to do it, just like we all do.
You have to do it, whether you like it or not.
You have to do it.
You have to do my hair today.
You have to do something about it.
You have to do something about that.
You have to do that again.
You have to do that as soon as possible.
You have to do that as soon as you can.
You have to do that at once.
You have to do that before I get there.
You have to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
You have to do that before Tom gets here.
You have to do that before it's too late.
You have to do that before you can go home.
You have to do that before you go home.
You have to do that by the end of the week.
You have to do that by yourself.
You have to do that by yourselves.
You have to do that even if you don't want to.
You have to do that every morning.
You have to do that first.
You have to do that immediately.
You have to do that just right.
You have to do that more carefully next time.
You have to do that more often.
You have to do that more quickly next time.
You have to do that no matter how busy you are.
You have to do that no matter how tired you are.
You have to do that now.
You have to do that quickly.
You have to do that right away.
You have to do that right now.
You have to do that sometime today.
You have to do that somewhere else.
You have to do that step by step.
You have to do that the way Tom told you to.
You have to do that today before you go home.
You have to do that today.
You have to do that tomorrow.
You have to do that whether you like it or not.
You have to do that whether you want to or not.
You have to do that yourself.
You have to do that yourselves.
You have to do that, just like we all do.
You have to do that.
You have to do the rest.
You have to do the same thing I did.
You have to do the work.
You have to do this again.
You have to do this alone.
You have to do this before you can go home.
You have to do this for me.
You have to do this now.
You have to do this right now.
You have to do this together.
You have to do this tonight.
You have to do this whether you like it or not.
You have to do this yourself.
You have to do this.
You have to do this. You don't have any other choice.
You have to do what I say.
You have to do what Tom and Mary tell you to do.
You have to do what Tom says.
You have to do what Tom tells you to do.
You have to do what the teacher says.
You have to do what you have to do.
You have to do what you think is right.
You have to do what you think's right.
You have to do what you want sometimes.
You have to do what you were told to do.
You have to do whatever Tom and Mary tell you to do.
You have to do whatever Tom tells you to do.
You have to do whatever Tom tells you.
You have to do your job.
You have to do your part.
You have to doubt everything.
You have to drink 2 litres of water daily.
You have to drink and eat in order to stay alive.
You have to drink enough water each day.
You have to drink something.
You have to drink water.
You have to drive round Paris for hours to find a place to park.
You have to drive us home.
You have to earn her trust.
You have to earn their trust.
You have to eat before you go.
You have to eat everything!
You have to eat everything.
You have to eat foods rich in iron to prevent anemia.
You have to eat it.
You have to eat nutritious food.
You have to eat nutritious foods.
You have to eat regularly.
You have to eat right.
You have to eat something.
You have to eat that.
You have to eat to live, but you don't have to live to eat.
You have to eat to live, not to live to eat.
You have to eat.
You have to educate yourself about this.
You have to emphasize that note.
You have to emphasize the phrasing.
You have to encode the data before you send it.
You have to encourage him to become a teacher!
You have to endure a lot of hardships in life.
You have to enjoy learning Berber to be able to master it.
You have to enter your house number, suburb, post code and street separately.
You have to escape immediately.
You have to expect that once in a while.
You have to expect that to happen once in a while.
You have to face it.
You have to face the consequences of your actions.
You have to face the facts.
You have to fiddle about a bit with this thing… There you go! It's starting to work.
You have to fight against this other woman.
You have to fight.
You have to figure out how to do that.
You have to fill in this form.
You have to fill it yourself.
You have to fill out an application for admission to the hospital at the front desk.
You have to fill out this form.
You have to find Tom.
You have to find her.
You have to find him.
You have to find my turkey or pay for it. Go and search the surroundings. It can't have gotten far.
You have to find out how it works.
You have to find some way to do that.
You have to find something that you enjoy doing.
You have to find something you enjoy doing.
You have to find the mistake.
You have to find the solution yourself.
You have to find them.
You have to find your own way.
You have to finish this by 2.30.
You have to finish this by 2:30.
You have to finish your homework right away.
You have to focus on your kids.
You have to focus.
You have to follow Algerian laws while in Algeria.
You have to follow a few rules to avoid unpleasant results.
You have to follow the rules for your own safety.
You have to follow the rules.
You have to follow these rules.
You have to follow those rules.
You have to follow your heart.
You have to forget about it.
You have to forget her.
You have to forgive me.
You have to forgive yourself.
You have to forgive yourselves.
You have to fulfil his duties.
You have to fulfill your duties.
You have to get 60 marks to pass the exam.
You have to get Tom help us.
You have to get a divorce.
You have to get a permit to do that.
You have to get above a "C" in the class.
You have to get ahold of yourself.
You have to get away from Tom.
You have to get away from here.
You have to get closer if you want to hear the singer well.
You have to get closer.
You have to get enough sleep.
You have to get her help us.
You have to get him help us.
You have to get him to help you.
You have to get in line to buy a ticket.
You have to get in my car.
You have to get in on the driver's side and climb over. The passenger door has been stuck shut for three years.
You have to get in the queue.
You have to get involved and help others.
You have to get involved.
You have to get me out of here.
You have to get more exercise in order to stave off senility.
You have to get off at the next station.
You have to get off here.
You have to get off via the back door.
You have to get on that bus to go to the museum.
You have to get out of here immediately.
You have to get out of here.
You have to get out of the past.
You have to get out of there.
You have to get out of town.
You have to get past this.
You have to get rid of it.
You have to get rid of your philosophy of novelties.
You have to get some rest.
You have to get that bus if you want to go to the museum.
You have to get that bus to get to the museum.
You have to get the application form in by Monday.
You have to get them a present.
You have to get them help us.
You have to get them out of here.
You have to get them to a doctor.
You have to get them.
You have to get there in three hours' time.
You have to get there within three hours.
You have to get this into your head; he doesn't do it on purpose, he suffers from dementia.
You have to get this work finished by noon.
You have to get up a bit earlier.
You have to get up and fight.
You have to get up at the crack of dawn.
You have to get up early tomorrow.
You have to get up early tomorrow. Why don't you go to bed?
You have to get up early.
You have to get up.
You have to get us out of here.
You have to get used to two things to make life bearable: bad weather and the injustice of people.
You have to get yourself out of harm's way.
You have to give Tom credit.
You have to give Tom more time.
You have to give her her due.
You have to give her more time.
You have to give him his due.
You have to give him more time.
You have to give it to Tom.
You have to give me more time.
You have to give me time.
You have to give me your contact, the one who gives you the dope.
You have to give some things up.
You have to give the key another turn.
You have to give the wall two coats of paint if you want it to turn out well.
You have to give them more time.
You have to give three months' rent as a deposit.
You have to give three months’ rent as a deposit.
You have to give up sports for a while.
You have to give us more than that.
You have to go alone.
You have to go and get it.
You have to go and get some rest.
You have to go back home.
You have to go back now.
You have to go back to Australia with us.
You have to go back to Australia.
You have to go back to Boston with us.
You have to go back to Boston.
You have to go back tomorrow.
You have to go back.
You have to go brush your teeth.
You have to go even though you don't want to.
You have to go get it.
You have to go home now.
You have to go home.
You have to go inside.
You have to go meet Tom.
You have to go now.
You have to go often for maches.
You have to go on and be crazy. Craziness is like heaven.
You have to go on living.
You have to go on without me.
You have to go out there and fight.
You have to go outside if you want to smoke.
You have to go over this project carefully.
You have to go pick it up.
You have to go talk to Tom.
You have to go talk to her.
You have to go talk to him.
You have to go talk to them.
You have to go the rest of the way without me.
You have to go there along the edge of the forest.
You have to go there at the next available opportunity.
You have to go there immediately.
You have to go there today.
You have to go there when you next get the chance.
You have to go there whether you like it or not.
You have to go there, even if you don't want to.
You have to go through many hardships.
You have to go through passport control.
You have to go to Algiers.
You have to go to Australia next month.
You have to go to Boston next Monday for a meeting.
You have to go to Boston next week.
You have to go to bed now.
You have to go to bed.
You have to go to college for four years.
You have to go to school from Monday to Friday.
You have to go to school.
You have to go to sleep.
You have to go to the doctor.
You have to go to the hospital.
You have to go to the meeting.
You have to go to the party.
You have to go to them.
You have to go to work in 3 hours.
You have to go to work. Work won't come to you.
You have to go whether you like it or not.
You have to go without her.
You have to go.
You have to guess what it is.
You have to hand in the reports on Monday.
You have to hand in your report on Monday.
You have to hand it to her, Mary really got the job done.
You have to have a full denture.
You have to have a lot of stamina to be an Olympic athlete.
You have to have a new crown.
You have to have a piece of pie.
You have to have a positive attitude if you want to get ahead in life.
You have to have a ready tongue in politics.
You have to have a shower.
You have to have a ticket and a visa.
You have to have a very open mind.
You have to have absolutely no feelings.
You have to have an audition before you can join the choir.
You have to have an operation.
You have to have confidence.
You have to have in order to give.
You have to have money in order to do that.
You have to have money to do that.
You have to have self-confidence.
You have to have some common sense.
You have to have some patience.
You have to hear both sides before passing judgement.
You have to hear both sides before you pass judgement.
You have to help Tom with his homework.
You have to help Tom.
You have to help her, but quickly.
You have to help her.
You have to help him, and quickly!
You have to help him.
You have to help lay the table.
You have to help me escape.
You have to help me find her.
You have to help me out.
You have to help me reason with Tom.
You have to help me save Tom.
You have to help me.
You have to help them.
You have to help us clean the house tomorrow.
You have to help us.
You have to help your friends.
You have to help your mother.
You have to help.
You have to hold back.
You have to hold on.
You have to hope for the best.
You have to hurry if you want to go with them.
You have to hurry up because the bus isn't going to wait for you.
You have to hurry up so you'd catch the last train.
You have to hurry up.
You have to hurry.
You have to hustle if you want to get on in the world.
You have to immerse yourself in the culture to learn the language.
You have to improve as soon as possible.
You have to insert the exact amount.
You have to investigate that problem.
You have to jiggle the handle to get it to flush.
You have to judge the case without bias.
You have to just wait here.
You have to keep Tom from doing that again.
You have to keep Tom from ever doing that again.
You have to keep a watchful eye around Capricorns at all times.
You have to keep doing that for another three hours.
You have to keep doing that.
You have to keep fighting.
You have to keep fit.
You have to keep getting checked.
You have to keep going.
You have to keep hope alive.
You have to keep moving or you'll fall asleep.
You have to keep the faith.
You have to keep up with the times.
You have to keep up.
You have to keep working at it.
You have to keep your doors open.
You have to keep your promise.
You have to keep your sense of humor.
You have to keep your shoes clean.
You have to know Berber grammar to speak this language.
You have to know English to learn this language.
You have to know Mandarin to learn this language.
You have to know Portuguese to learn this language.
You have to know Russian to learn this language.
You have to know Spanish to learn this language.
You have to know all the circumstances.
You have to know everything.
You have to know how to get back up after being knocked down.
You have to know how to read between the lines.
You have to know something about him.
You have to know that I am tired.
You have to know these things.
You have to know what Islam is.
You have to know what you want.
You have to know what you want. When you know what it is, you have to have the courage to say it; when you say it you have to have the courage to do it.
You have to know who you are.
You have to learn Berber.
You have to learn French.
You have to learn a little.
You have to learn from your mistakes.
You have to learn from your sisters.
You have to learn how to argue.
You have to learn how to compromise.
You have to learn how to control a sailboat.
You have to learn how to do that.
You have to learn how to ride a horse.
You have to learn integrals before you learn multiple integrals.
You have to learn more.
You have to learn standard English.
You have to learn standard French.
You have to learn the basics first.
You have to learn the lines of the play in a week.
You have to learn this sentence by heart.
You have to learn to accept criticism gracefully, otherwise you'll never succeed.
You have to learn to control your anger.
You have to learn to get by on your own.
You have to learn to listen.
You have to learn to live with that.
You have to learn to master the English sentence in all its richness of expression.
You have to learn to prioritize.
You have to learn to put up with this weather.
You have to learn to recognise your qualities.
You have to learn to respect people as they are.
You have to learn to work together.
You have to learn your lesson.
You have to leave Australia now.
You have to leave Australia.
You have to leave Boston now.
You have to leave Boston.
You have to leave early to catch the train.
You have to leave everything.
You have to leave here at once.
You have to leave here now.
You have to leave home at six.
You have to leave immediately.
You have to leave me alone.
You have to leave now.
You have to leave the country today.
You have to leave the hotel before eleven o'clock.
You have to leave your bag in the cloakroom.
You have to leave.
You have to let Tom go.
You have to let everyone know.
You have to let go.
You have to let him protect you.
You have to let it dry for at least two hours.
You have to let me go.
You have to let me help you.
You have to let me help.
You have to let me in right now.
You have to let me in there.
You have to let me in.
You have to let me talk to Tom.
You have to let me talk to her.
You have to let me talk to him.
You have to let me talk to them.
You have to let them in.
You have to let us help you.
You have to let us leave.
You have to let your son become independent.
You have to like teaching in order to do it.
You have to listen to Tom.
You have to listen to her.
You have to listen to him.
You have to listen to me.
You have to listen to them.
You have to listen to us.
You have to listen to your parents.
You have to listen.
You have to live here.
You have to live with it.
You have to locate the enemies visually.
You have to look after Tom properly.
You have to look after yourself.
You have to look at everything.
You have to look at me.
You have to look for them.
You have to look forward when driving.
You have to look good today.
You have to look high and low to find a phone booth in this area.
You have to look out for other cars when you drive.
You have to lose weight.
You have to lose with panache.
You have to love your country.
You have to lure the cat out from under the bed.
You have to make Tom believe you.
You have to make a careful choice of books.
You have to make a choice.
You have to make a decision, and now.
You have to make a decision.
You have to make a difficult choice.
You have to make a living.
You have to make a reservation.
You have to make a virtue of necessity.
You have to make changes.
You have to make choices.
You have to make difficult decisions.
You have to make do with what you've got.
You have to make do with what you’ve got.
You have to make efforts if you are to succeed.
You have to make good the promise for your mother.
You have to make good the time you have wasted so far.
You have to make hay while the sun shines.
You have to make hay.
You have to make reservations in advance.
You have to make some effort. I cannot advise you all the time.
You have to make sure that Tom and Mary do that.
You have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that again.
You have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that anymore.
You have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that.
You have to make sure that Tom does that.
You have to make sure that Tom doesn't do that again.
You have to make sure that Tom doesn't do that anymore.
You have to make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
You have to make the best of it.
You have to make the crease very straight.
You have to make the right choice.
You have to make them understand.
You have to make this work.
You have to make up the time you have lost.
You have to make up the time you've lost.
You have to make up your mind!
You have to make up your minds.
You have to make use of what you have.
You have to make your own bed here.
You have to manage your time correctly.
You have to master Berber.
You have to match each card with another card that has the same drawing.
You have to meet my children.
You have to meet people where they're at.
You have to melt chocolate in a double-boiler so it doesn't burn.
You have to memorize this sentence.
You have to motivate yourself.
You have to move cautiously in this matter.
You have to move.
You have to mow the lawn.
You have to not understand life, then it's going to turn into a party.
You have to obey the law.
You have to obey your parents.
You have to observe the Highway Code.
You have to oil the door now and then to stop it squeaking.
You have to open an account.
You have to open doors to new possibilities.
You have to open the door for your grandfather.
You have to open the envelope carefully so as not to damage the cheque.
You have to open the hatch to enter the interior of the submarine.
You have to organize the structure of the game.
You have to organize your time.
You have to overcome the difficulties.
You have to pace yourself or you'll choke halfway through.
You have to pace yourself or you’ll choke halfway through.
You have to paint the whole house all by yourself? You sure have your work cut out for you.
You have to pay 10,000 yen extra on holidays.
You have to pay Tom.
You have to pay at the bar.
You have to pay at the counter.
You have to pay at the till.
You have to pay at the toll plaza.
You have to pay attention.
You have to pay for that.
You have to pay for utilities.
You have to pay in advance at that hotel.
You have to pay in advance.
You have to pay in cash.
You have to pay me back.
You have to pay me for all my translations.
You have to pay more for food.
You have to pay special attention to what you eat and drink.
You have to pay taxes.
You have to pay the amount shown on the cash register.
You have to pay the price.
You have to pay to get in there.
You have to pick it up yourself.
You have to pick one.
You have to place a new battery. The clock will then run again.
You have to plan ahead.
You have to plan.
You have to play along with it.
You have to play my games.
You have to polish your English.
You have to practice every day.
You have to practice if you want to get good at it.
You have to practice more.
You have to practice self-awareness when you're dealing with an emotionally abusive person.
You have to practice self-awareness.
You have to practise a bit every day.
You have to practise it at regular intervals.
You have to practise more.
You have to practise reading.
You have to practise your reading.
You have to pray in Arabic.
You have to prepare properly.
You have to press this button. Then the television turns on.
You have to promise me you'll introduce me to Brad Pitt.
You have to promise never to tell anyone what I'm about to tell you.
You have to promise not to tell anyone.
You have to protect Tom.
You have to protect Ziri.
You have to protect them.
You have to protect your family.
You have to protect yourself.
You have to pull that door to open it.
You have to pull yourself together and start studying.
You have to punch trees to obtain wood.
You have to punish Tom.
You have to push back your own limitations in life.
You have to push that door to open it.
You have to put an adjective after "不够."
You have to put me through to Tom.
You have to put more coal in the stove.
You have to put off your departure for England till next week.
You have to put on your shoes.
You have to put out the cigaret.
You have to put pen to paper.
You have to put the pen on paper.
You have to put up with all these noises.
You have to put up with all this noise.
You have to put your car in the right gear if you want to drive away.
You have to put your cigarette out.
You have to queue for a long time to get in, even on weekday afternoons.
You have to queue up.
You have to queue.
You have to quit smoking.
You have to raise funds for the relief work.
You have to raise your hand if you want to speak at the meeting.
You have to reach there at 9:00.
You have to read English aloud.
You have to read Rumi's Mathnawi.
You have to read a lot and carefully choose what you read.
You have to read between the lines to get the most out of anything.
You have to read between the lines to know the true intention of the author.
You have to read between the lines.
You have to read everything.
You have to read it between the lines.
You have to read more books in French.
You have to read the subtext.
You have to read the text.
You have to read this document.
You have to read this passage for next week.
You have to read this.
You have to read.
You have to really work harder to learn Berber.
You have to recycle.
You have to register before putting your purchase through.
You have to rehydrate.
You have to release Tom.
You have to remain detached.
You have to remember my number.
You have to remember my phone number.
You have to remember the password.
You have to remember the passwords.
You have to remember this.
You have to remember to do this.
You have to remove your shoes before coming through the door.
You have to repay your debts.
You have to repent.
You have to reply to her letter.
You have to reply to his letter.
You have to reply to the letter.
You have to report to the police at once.
You have to reschedule your flight.
You have to reset the odometer.
You have to resign.
You have to respect Grandma.
You have to respect Tom for continuing to do that.
You have to respect Tom for doing what he did.
You have to respect Tom for that.
You have to respect Tom for trying.
You have to respect Tom for what he tried to accomplish.
You have to respect Tom for what he tried to do.
You have to respect Tom!
You have to respect Tom's availability.
You have to respect her decision.
You have to respect his decision.
You have to respect me.
You have to respect the old.
You have to respect the rules.
You have to respect your elders.
You have to respect your rivals.
You have to rest a little.
You have to rest.
You have to return what you borrowed.
You have to return what you have stolen.
You have to return.
You have to rewash everything.
You have to rewrite this report.
You have to rinse your mouth after brushing your teeth.
You have to risk big in order to win big.
You have to run like the wind.
You have to run more than ten kilometers.
You have to run more than ten kilometres.
You have to run now.
You have to run over ten kilometers.
You have to run over ten kilometres.
You have to say it clearly.
You have to say it like that.
You have to say something.
You have to say the shahada in Arabic.
You have to say yes.
You have to see her flat.
You have to see it to believe it.
You have to see it.
You have to see their flat.
You have to see them.
You have to see this film.
You have to see this movie.
You have to see this tape.
You have to see this!
You have to see this.
You have to see what we're doing here.
You have to see your primary health care provider before seeing a specialist.
You have to seize the opportunity with both hands.
You have to settle down and study for the history test.
You have to settle for one of the two!
You have to shake the bottle.
You have to share the cake equally.
You have to show Tom how to do that.
You have to show compassion to your girl.
You have to show her that you love her.
You have to show me how to do that.
You have to show me what to do.
You have to show respect.
You have to shuffle your classes round whatever happens because you're the lady of the house and you often have lots of guests.
You have to sign at the bottom of the page.
You have to sign it before you send it.
You have to sit down.
You have to sit in the back.
You have to sit somewhere else.
You have to snatch at happiness when you can.
You have to solve your problems yourself.
You have to solve your problems yourselves.
You have to sow to the sack.
You have to speak English here.
You have to speak English.
You have to speak French here.
You have to speak French over here.
You have to speak French.
You have to speak clearer.
You have to speak louder!
You have to speak only English.
You have to speak quietly here.
You have to spell out words like "candy" when Tom is around.
You have to spend another fortnight in hospital.
You have to spend money to make money.
You have to spend more time with your son.
You have to stand up for yourself.
You have to start doing that.
You have to start learning.
You have to start seeing things from other points of view.
You have to start somewhere.
You have to start taking care of your beauty while you're still young.
You have to start.
You have to stay and help me do that.
You have to stay awake.
You have to stay away from Tom.
You have to stay away from her.
You have to stay away from him.
You have to stay away from them.
You have to stay fit.
You have to stay here until we get back.
You have to stay here with Tom.
You have to stay here!
You have to stay here.
You have to stay home.
You have to stay hydrated.
You have to stay in bed and drink a lot of tea and water.
You have to stay in bed until next Monday.
You have to stay in bed.
You have to stay in shape.
You have to stay in your seat.
You have to stay positive.
You have to stay quiet.
You have to stay.
You have to stick to your schedule.
You have to stick with the diet.
You have to stop Tom from ordering a huge burrito.
You have to stop Tom.
You have to stop clinging to Tom.
You have to stop doing that now.
You have to stop doing that right now.
You have to stop doing that.
You have to stop drinking.
You have to stop eating peppers before you go to bed!
You have to stop helping Mary.
You have to stop her.
You have to stop him.
You have to stop if the stoplight is red.
You have to stop if the traffic light is red.
You have to stop it.
You have to stop living in the past.
You have to stop making all of those excuses.
You have to stop right here.
You have to stop saying things like that.
You have to stop taking everything personally.
You have to stop telling your daughter that she's the best, the prettiest, and the smartest, because it'll shock her when she realizes that's not the case.
You have to stop them.
You have to stop this.
You have to stop worrying so much.
You have to stop worrying.
You have to stop.
You have to stretch your muscles after swimming in the pool.
You have to strike the iron while it's hot.
You have to strike while the iron is hot.
You have to strike while the iron's hot.
You have to study Berber grammar.
You have to study English step by step.
You have to study French harder.
You have to study French whether you like it or not.
You have to study French.
You have to study Islam.
You have to study Japanese harder.
You have to study a lot harder than that.
You have to study a lot harder.
You have to study every day.
You have to study hard to catch up with your class.
You have to study hard.
You have to study harder.
You have to study more.
You have to study much more.
You have to surrender.
You have to survive.
You have to sweep the floor.
You have to take Tom with you.
You have to take a chance.
You have to take a look at the patient.
You have to take a shower.
You have to take a tablet with a glass of water two or three times a day.
You have to take antibiotics.
You have to take back your life.
You have to take bus number 12.
You have to take care of Tom.
You have to take care of each other.
You have to take care of the planet.
You have to take care of your health.
You have to take care of your heart.
You have to take care when crossing the road.
You have to take good care of Tom.
You have to take her back to the doctor.
You have to take in my jacket.
You have to take it all into context.
You have to take it as it is.
You have to take me to hospital.
You have to take off your shoes at the entrance.
You have to take off your shoes before entering a traditional Japanese house.
You have to take off your shoes before entering houses.
You have to take off your shoes before you can come in.
You have to take that into account.
You have to take the bull by the horns.
You have to take the first step.
You have to take the good with the bad.
You have to take the rough with the smooth.
You have to take the shahada in Arabic.
You have to take things as they come. And if they don't come, you have to go to meet them.
You have to take this bus if you want to go to the museum.
You have to take this bus to get to the museum.
You have to take this medicine.
You have to take this powder after each meal.
You have to take this seriously.
You have to take this.
You have to take your medication.
You have to take your medicine.
You have to take your meds.
You have to take your pills.
You have to take your time over your thesis.
You have to talk quietly here.
You have to talk quietly in here.
You have to talk really loud, otherwise he won't understand us.
You have to talk to Tom.
You have to talk to her.
You have to talk to him.
You have to talk to me.
You have to talk to the press.
You have to talk to them.
You have to talk to us.
You have to teach.
You have to tell Mary that you won't be going to Boston with her.
You have to tell Tom and Mary that you won't be going to Boston with them.
You have to tell Tom everything.
You have to tell Tom not to do that again.
You have to tell Tom not to do that anymore.
You have to tell Tom not to do that.
You have to tell Tom that you won't be going to Australia with him.
You have to tell Tom that you won't be going to Boston with him.
You have to tell Tom to do that.
You have to tell Tom what happened.
You have to tell Tom what's going on.
You have to tell Tom you won't be going to Australia with him.
You have to tell Tom.
You have to tell Tom. If you don't, I will.
You have to tell her the truth!
You have to tell her the truth.
You have to tell her.
You have to tell him that straight away.
You have to tell him.
You have to tell it to him.
You have to tell me everything.
You have to tell me exactly what I need to do.
You have to tell me something.
You have to tell me the truth.
You have to tell me what to do.
You have to tell me what you're looking for.
You have to tell me what's going on with you.
You have to tell me.
You have to tell the police what you saw.
You have to tell us.
You have to think about your family.
You have to think about your future.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
You have to think for yourself.
You have to think of the example you're setting. You'll never be able to lead if you don't set an example worth following.
You have to think of the example you’re setting. You’ll never be able to lead if you don’t set an example worth following.
You have to think outside of the box.
You have to think outside the box.
You have to think thoroughly before making a big decision.
You have to throw it to him.
You have to tighten the knot.
You have to tighten those screws.
You have to train more.
You have to translate it for Tom. Otherwise, he won't understand it.
You have to trust Tom.
You have to trust me on that.
You have to trust me on this one.
You have to trust me on this.
You have to trust me, honey!
You have to trust me.
You have to trust me. You don't have any other choice.
You have to trust someone.
You have to trust your instincts.
You have to trust yourself.
You have to try again.
You have to try harder.
You have to try not to forget what time it is.
You have to try one of my cupcakes.
You have to try this.
You have to try to break the glass ceiling.
You have to try to stay awake.
You have to try!
You have to try, Tom.
You have to try.
You have to turn around.
You have to turn in the reports on Monday.
You have to turn in your report on Monday.
You have to turn left at the junction.
You have to turn left at the second light.
You have to turn off the electricity.
You have to turn right at the junction.
You have to turn round.
You have to turn the electricity off.
You have to turn to history and go a few centuries back to the Renaissance era, to Leonardo da Vinci, in order to find such a fascinating man who was not merely a dilettante, but a genius working in many different fields.
You have to turn words into deeds.
You have to understand Yanni.
You have to understand me.
You have to understand that I have to go now.
You have to understand that he died.
You have to understand that he is a very dangerous man.
You have to understand that there's nothing I can do to help you.
You have to understand that we can't see each other anymore.
You have to understand that your parents are worried about you.
You have to understand that.
You have to understand the circumstances.
You have to understand the inner workings of yourself.
You have to unmute your microphone.
You have to unpack your luggage for customs inspection.
You have to use the lingo if you want to be taken seriously in meetings.
You have to use the money wisely.
You have to use the right tool.
You have to use this key or the door won't open.
You have to use tools.
You have to use your brains in this work.
You have to use your time efficiently.
You have to validate your ticket.
You have to volunteer your service without any money.
You have to wait a bit.
You have to wait a moment.
You have to wait a while.
You have to wait for Tom.
You have to wait for her.
You have to wait for him.
You have to wait for it to turn green.
You have to wait for one month at least.
You have to wait for the bus.
You have to wait for the next bus.
You have to wait for the right time to pull the switch.
You have to wait for the train.
You have to wait in line to get into the club.
You have to wait in line.
You have to wait in the queue.
You have to wait on a long line to get into the Louvre Museum.
You have to wait on the other side of the road.
You have to wait on the other side of the street.
You have to wait until a seat becomes available.
You have to wait until a seat becomes free.
You have to wait until it gets cold, otherwise you will get burnt.
You have to wait until there's a free seat.
You have to wait until there's a seat free.
You have to wait.
You have to wake up early tomorrow morning.
You have to walk a long way to get there.
You have to warn Tom.
You have to wash the dishes.
You have to wash the refrigerator.
You have to wash your hair.
You have to wash your hands before eating.
You have to wash yourself first before you take your new pack.
You have to watch out for avalanches at this time of the year.
You have to watch out so you don't run out of air.
You have to watch out!
You have to watch out.
You have to watch this movie.
You have to watch your dog.
You have to wear a helmet to protect your head.
You have to wear a helmet.
You have to wear a mask on public transportation now.
You have to wear a tie here.
You have to wear your helmet if you ride your bike.
You have to work faster.
You have to work five days a week.
You have to work for a living, unless your parents are rich.
You have to work hard if you want to succeed.
You have to work hard.
You have to work harder on your Japanese studies.
You have to work harder to make up for lost time.
You have to work really hard to learn Berber.
You have to work super hard to learn Berber.
You have to work together.
You have to work tomorrow.
You have to work with everybody.
You have to work with what you have.
You have to work, not think.
You have to work.
You have to worship God.
You have to write an official letter to the director.
You have to write me in Hebrew.
You have to write something.
You have to write that phrase again.
You have to write the correct zip code.
You have to write the postcode on the envelope.
You have today to finish your report.
You have told Tom the truth, haven't you?
You have told another lie.
You have tons of friends.
You have too many books on that shelf.
You have too many books on the shelf.
You have too many books on those shelves.
You have too many irons in the fire.
You have too many likes and dislikes.
You have too many pairs of shoes.
You have too much time on your hands.
You have too much to do.
You have too romantic an image of the world.
You have toothpaste on your mouth.
You have totally lost your mind.
You have translated all the sentences.
You have trouble understanding women's needs.
You have truly enchanted me.
You have turned into a laughingstock!
You have twice dared to contradict me in front of the commissioner.
You have two balls.
You have two books.
You have two books?
You have two brothers.
You have two children.
You have two ears and one mouth. Use them in that proportion.
You have two flowers.
You have two kids.
You have two new messages.
You have two older brothers.
You have two options here. Choose wisely.
You have two options.
You have two options: São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro.
You have two options; beg or steal.
You have two pounds.
You have two sisters, I believe.
You have two younger brothers.
You have two younger siblings.
You have unleashed a monster.
You have unsaved changes on individual editable fields.
You have unsaved changes.
You have until 2:30 to do that.
You have until 2:30.
You have until Friday to write this essay, but I must have it on my desk by 3pm, as I’m leaving early for the weekend.
You have until Monday to do that.
You have until Monday to finish that report.
You have until Monday.
You have until October 20th to finish this.
You have until October 20th.
You have until midnight.
You have until morning to decide.
You have until tomorrow to decide.
You have very acute hearing.
You have very good instincts.
You have very good luck.
You have very good tastes.
You have very little choice.
You have very little time left.
You have very nice lips.
You have very nice penmanship.
You have very piercing eyes.
You have very pretty eyes.
You have very sexy legs.
You have very steady hands.
You have very straight teeth.
You have violated the Terms of Service.
You have visited Latvia.
You have visitors.
You have waited a long time.
You have wanted to go there for a long time, haven't you?
You have wanted to go there for a long time, haven’t you?
You have washed the laundry.
You have water and you drink it.
You have water running through your veins.
You have water.
You have weapons, right?
You have weird dreams.
You have what I need.
You have what it takes to be a teacher.
You have what it takes to succeed.
You have what it takes.
You have what they want.
You have what you need.
You have white teeth.
You have wine.
You have wisdom.
You have won.
You have wonderful eyes.
You have work to do.
You have worked hard to succeed.
You have worked hard.
You have wounded my feelings.
You have yet to learn your lesson.
You have your T-shirt on backwards.
You have your T-shirt on inside-out.
You have your choice between this and that.
You have your entire life before you.
You have your entire life to be a jerk. Why don't you take off today? Leave that boy alone.
You have your hat on backwards.
You have your head in the sand instead of paying attention to the people who matter.
You have your head in the sand.
You have your mother's eyes.
You have your orders, Tom.
You have your orders, people.
You have your own lives.
You have your own path to follow.
You have your point of view and I have my point of view. Apparently, both differ.
You have your principles.
You have your right sock on wrong side out.
You have your shirt buttoned wrong.
You have your view. I have mine.
You have your whole life ahead of you.
You have your work cut out for you.
You have yours with you now, don't you?
You have, my dear, the simplicity of a child.
You have, no doubt, heard of our company.
You haven't a care in the world.
You haven't acclimatised yourself yet.
You haven't actually ever done that, have you?
You haven't actually seen me.
You haven't aged a day.
You haven't answered my question yet.
You haven't answered my question.
You haven't answered the question.
You haven't any money.
You haven't asked Tom to do that, have you?
You haven't asked me anything.
You haven't asked me what I think.
You haven't asked me what I want to do.
You haven't been a teacher very long, have you?
You haven't been acting your normal self since yesterday, is there something that is bothering you right now?
You haven't been around much recently, have you?
You haven't been cooperating with us, John. It's time you got with the program.
You haven't been fishing in a long time, have you?
You haven't been getting back to me recently. What's up?
You haven't been here before, have you?
You haven't been here in a long time, have you?
You haven't been home yet, have you?
You haven't been honest with me, have you?
You haven't been listening.
You haven't been married long.
You haven't been paying attention to me lately. What's wrong?
You haven't been paying attention, have you?
You haven't been returning my calls, Tom.
You haven't been studying French as long as I have.
You haven't been swimming in a long time, have you?
You haven't been taking care of your health.
You haven't been thinking straight since this morning.
You haven't been to Boston in a long time, have you?
You haven't been told what he wrote in that letter.
You haven't been told what they wrote in that letter.
You haven't been waiting all that long.
You haven't been yourself lately.
You haven't been yourself recently. Is something wrong?
You haven't bought any bread.
You haven't broken anything, have you?
You haven't called me in days.
You haven't called, have you?
You haven't changed a bit.
You haven't changed a thing.
You haven't changed and you never will.
You haven't changed at all in the last eight years.
You haven't changed at all, while Tom has.
You haven't changed at all.
You haven't changed much.
You haven't changed one bit.
You haven't changed one iota.
You haven't changed over the years.
You haven't changed throughout the years.
You haven't changed your mind again, have you?
You haven't changed your mind, have you?
You haven't changed.
You haven't closed the fridge.
You haven't convinced me that your religion is superior to mine. On the contrary, you just reinforce my lower opinion of your religion.
You haven't convinced me yet.
You haven't convinced me.
You haven't decided yet.
You haven't deepened the holes.
You haven't done a very good job.
You haven't done anything I've asked you to do.
You haven't done anything at all.
You haven't done anything wrong.
You haven't done anything yet, have you?
You haven't done anything yet.
You haven't done anything.
You haven't done everything that you were supposed to do.
You haven't done everything you were supposed to do.
You haven't done it yet. Why?
You haven't done that as many times as I have.
You haven't done that as many times as Tom and Mary have, have you?
You haven't done that as many times as Tom has, have you?
You haven't done that as much as Tom and Mary have, have you?
You haven't done that as much as Tom has, have you?
You haven't done that in a long time, have you?
You haven't done that in a very long time, have you?
You haven't done that in a while, have you?
You haven't done that in years, have you?
You haven't done that recently, have you?
You haven't done that since high school, have you?
You haven't done that this year, have you?
You haven't done that very often, have you?
You haven't done that yet this year, have you?
You haven't done that yet, have you?
You haven't done what I told you yet.
You haven't downloaded that app yet?
You haven't eaten a bite.
You haven't eaten all the cookies, have you?
You haven't eaten anything yet, have you?
You haven't eaten anything.
You haven't eaten or drank today.
You haven't eaten the cake yet.
You haven't eaten yet, have you?
You haven't eaten yet.
You haven't eaten yet?
You haven't eaten, have you?
You haven't eaten.
You haven't even asked me what I think.
You haven't even asked me what I want to do.
You haven't even had one idea!
You haven't even heard the plan yet.
You haven't even started yet.
You haven't even tried yet.
You haven't even tried.
You haven't even updated the firmware?
You haven't ever been to Australia, have you?
You haven't ever been to Boston, have you?
You haven't ever had to suffer a broken heart, or anything else, for that matter.
You haven't ever lived in Australia, have you?
You haven't ever lived in Boston, have you?
You haven't experienced enough to know certain truths.
You haven't fallen in love, have you!? I won't have it! Having that man become my brother-in-law; I absolutely hate that!
You haven't figured it out?
You haven't finish doing that yet, have you?
You haven't finished doing that yet, have you?
You haven't finished eating yet?
You haven't finished eating?
You haven't finished filling in this form.
You haven't finished your breakfast yet?
You haven't finished your coffee.
You haven't finished your work since yesterday?
You haven't forgot about the debt you owe me, have you?
You haven't forgotten about the meeting, have you?
You haven't forgotten about the money you owe me, have you?
You haven't forgotten anything, have you?
You haven't forgotten anything?
You haven't forgotten to do that, have you?
You haven't forgotten to pay the rent, have you?
You haven't forgotten, have you?
You haven't gained a bit of weight?
You haven't given me any yet.
You haven't given me anything yet.
You haven't given me what I asked for.
You haven't gone there, but I have.
You haven't gone to bed yet?
You haven't gone to the butcher yet?
You haven't got a chance.
You haven't got a clue.
You haven't got a dictionary I could borrow, have you?
You haven't got enough money.
You haven't got much time.
You haven't got the appropriate technology to do that.
You haven't got the balls to translate this sentence.
You haven't got the faintest idea.
You haven't got to come into the kitchen.
You haven't got to come tomorrow.
You haven't got to do that, but it'd be a good idea.
You haven't got to eat it.
You haven't got to have read everything.
You haven't got to hurry.
You haven't got to make an excuse if you don't want to go with us.
You haven't got to paint the kitchen yellow. You can choose any colour you like.
You haven't got to phone me.
You haven't got to prepare a formal speech.
You haven't got to ring me.
You haven't got to stand up.
You haven't got to stay here.
You haven't got to wait.
You haven't gotten in touch with Tom yet, have you?
You haven't had a chance to do that, have you?
You haven't had breakfast yet, have you?
You haven't had lunch yet?
You haven't had many opportunities to do that, have you?
You haven't had the chance to do that yet, have you?
You haven't heard a word I've said, have you?
You haven't heard from Tom, have you?
You haven't heard the half of it yet.
You haven't heard the last of it!
You haven't heard the last of me.
You haven't heard the worst of it yet.
You haven't hurt anyone, have you?
You haven't invented anything new.
You haven't joined the club, have you?
You haven't learned a thing.
You haven't learned to drive yet, have you?
You haven't learned, have you?
You haven't left yet.
You haven't lifted a finger.
You haven't listed a primary care provider, so we're unable to cover this claim.
You haven't lived in Australia as long as I have.
You haven't lived in Boston as long as I have.
You haven't lived up to my hopes.
You haven't lost hope.
You haven't lost your touch.
You haven't made any mistakes.
You haven't made as many mistakes this time as you did last time.
You haven't made me proud.
You haven't mentioned cost, and I won't sign until I know the bottom line.
You haven't met Tom yet, have you?
You haven't met my family yet.
You haven't met my mom yet.
You haven't met the real person behind the facade.
You haven't missed a thing.
You haven't missed anything.
You haven't once apologised.
You haven't once said that you're sorry.
You haven't once said you're sorry.
You haven't opened the door yet.
You haven't opened your mouth.
You haven't paid Tom yet.
You haven't paid me yet.
You haven't paid your rent in a month, have you?
You haven't played outside.
You haven't practised enough.
You haven't put anything in your suitcase yet.
You haven't quoted the paper correctly.
You haven't read that novel.
You haven't read this novel.
You haven't really thought this through, have you?
You haven't received any invitation.
You haven't replied to the letters.
You haven't responded to a single point I made.
You haven't returned my change.
You haven't ruled out doing that, have you?
You haven't said a word since you've returned.
You haven't said anything personal.
You haven't said anything to Tom yet, have you?
You haven't said anything to Tom, have you?
You haven't said one word to me all afternoon.
You haven't said yet where you live.
You haven't seen Tom this morning, have you?
You haven't seen Tom today, have you?
You haven't seen Tom today, right?
You haven't seen Tom, have you?
You haven't seen all the family pictures yet.
You haven't seen anything yet.
You haven't seen him.
You haven't seen how Sami changes when he looks at Layla.
You haven't seen my cat?
You haven't seen my keys, have you?
You haven't seen my umbrella, have you?
You haven't seen one, have you?
You haven't seen real anger yet.
You haven't seen the doctor.
You haven't seen the last of me.
You haven't seen the monkey.
You haven't seen the snake.
You haven't seen this before, have you?
You haven't shown this to anyone else, have you?
You haven't shown up for almost a month.
You haven't shown up in two years.
You haven't shut the fridge.
You haven't slept in 30 hours, go to sleep!
You haven't solved this problem, have you?
You haven't spoken English fluently in a long time.
You haven't spoken to Tom about this yet, have you?
You haven't stopped doing that, have you?
You haven't taken out the trash yet, have you?
You haven't taken out the trash.
You haven't taught me.
You haven't the faintest idea.
You haven't tied your shoelaces up.
You haven't tied your shoelaces.
You haven't tied your shoes.
You haven't told Tom anything yet, have you?
You haven't told Tom what we have planned for next week, have you?
You haven't told Tom who did that, have you?
You haven't told Tom why I did that, have you?
You haven't told Tom why I have to do that, have you?
You haven't told Tom why I need to do that, have you?
You haven't told Tom why I want to do that, have you?
You haven't told Tom yet, have you?
You haven't told Tom you're an ex-con, have you?
You haven't told Tom you're married, have you?
You haven't told Tom, have you?
You haven't told anybody, have you?
You haven't told anyone else, have you?
You haven't told anyone yet, have you?
You haven't told anyone, have you?
You haven't told her, have you?
You haven't told him, have you?
You haven't told me about Tom yet.
You haven't told me about your mother.
You haven't told me anything I didn't already know.
You haven't told me anything about yourself.
You haven't told me what we're doing.
You haven't told me why you asked me to come here.
You haven't told me your name yet.
You haven't told me your name.
You haven't told me your secret.
You haven't told them, have you?
You haven't told us anything that we didn't already know.
You haven't told us anything we didn't already know.
You haven't told us anything.
You haven't told us why Tom doesn't like Mary.
You haven't touched your food.
You haven't touched your plate. What's up?
You haven't touched your plate. What's wrong?
You haven't touched your tea yet.
You haven't tried hard enough.
You haven't trusted me.
You haven't uncovered the real me yet.
You haven't understood at all.
You haven't understood me at all.
You haven't understood the question.
You haven't visited Australia, have you?
You haven't visited Estonia.
You haven't visited Tikedjda.
You haven't visited Uganda.
You haven't washed those bed sheets in months!
You haven't washed your hands yet, have you?
You haven't washed your hands, have you?
You haven't won anything.
You haven't worked in months.
You haven't worked since last year.
You haven't yet answered Tom's letter.
You haven't yet convinced Tom to do that, have you?
You haven't yet done everything that you were supposed to do.
You haven't yet done everything you were supposed to do.
You haven't yet done what you were supposed to do, have you?
You haven't yet heard the worst of it.
You haven't yet learned to drive, have you?
You haven't yet paid me for the work I did for you.
You haven't yet paid me.
You haven't yet paid the rent this month.
You haven't yet paid your rent.
You haven't yet replied to Tom's letter.
You haven't yet told Tom why you need to do that, have you?
You haven’t announced Mary?
You haven’t announced Tom?
You haven’t any money.
You haven’t changed at all.
You haven’t fallen in love have you!? I won’t have it! Having that man become my brother-in-law; I absolutely hate that!
You haven’t given me what I asked for.
You haven’t got the balls to translate this sentence.
You haven’t heard the half of it yet.
You haven’t mentioned cost, and I won’t sign until I know the bottom line.
You haven’t received a letter from him?
You haven’t replied to the letters.
You haven’t seen my daughter’s pen, have you?
You haven’t seen nothing yet.
You haven’t seen the boy’s little table, have you?
You haven’t seen the queen’s charming daughter, have you?
You haven’t washed your hands yet, have you?
You hear about a lot of incidents these days that would be hard to dream up. It really backs up the old saying that fact is stranger than fiction.
You hear me.
You hear me?
You hear that a lot in western Japan.
You hear that a lot nowadays.
You hear those cicadas?
You hear what you want to hear.
You heard Tom, didn't you?
You heard a noise behind you.
You heard correctly.
You heard coughing, didn't you?
You heard everything I had been keeping to myself for the longest time ever.
You heard from him?
You heard her, didn't you?
You heard him, didn't you?
You heard it, didn't you?
You heard it.
You heard just fine.
You heard me, Tom.
You heard me.
You heard right.
You heard that, didn't you?
You heard that, too.
You heard the man.
You heard the news?
You heard them, didn't you?
You heard voices.
You heard what I said.
You heard what Tom said last night, didn't you?
You heard what Tom said, didn't you?
You heard what Tom said.
You heard what my mother has said.
You heard what your father said.
You heard what your mother said.
You heard wrong.
You heard your father.
You heard your mother.
You heard.
You heartless person!
You held me tight. I cried with joy.
You help children.
You help me too.
You help me with the translation.
You help me, and I'll help you.
You help us too.
You help us.
You helped Mommy?
You helped Tom, didn't you?
You helped a great deal.
You helped each other.
You helped her, didn't you?
You helped him, didn't you?
You helped him.
You helped make this possible.
You helped me a great deal.
You helped me a lot today.
You helped me and I'll help you all my life.
You helped me in Boston.
You helped me incredibly.
You helped me keep my promise.
You helped me out when I needed you the most.
You helped me out.
You helped me the last time.
You helped me to win.
You helped me, so I will help you.
You helped me, so I'll help you.
You helped me.
You helped the poor.
You helped them, didn't you?
You helped us a lot.
You helped us do that last year.
You helped us save our marriage.
You helped us win.
You helped us.
You hesitate to go there.
You hid behind the tree, didn't you?
You hid behind the tree.
You hid my bag.
You hid my purse.
You hid the tangerine.
You hid the truth from me.
You hid things from your husbands.
You hid under the table.
You hid your worries from your wife, didn't you?
You hid your worries from your wives, didn't you?
You hid.
You hide, and I'll seek.
You hire prostitutes.
You hired Tom, didn't you?
You hired me, didn't you?
You hit Tom first, didn't you?
You hit for 120 points!
You hit her in the head.
You hit him in the head.
You hit like a girl.
You hit me, which results in my pain.
You hit on a very important question.
You hit the brakes.
You hit the bullseye.
You hit the center of the target.
You hit the mark.
You hit the nail on the head there.
You hit the nail on the head without knowing anything about me.
You hit the nail on the head.
You hold my fate in your hands.
You hold onto friends by keeping your heart a little softer than your head.
You hold the keys to my heart.
You hold within you an unshakable strength.
You hold yourself to a higher standard than that.
You hope I never do that again, don't you?
You hope I'm faster at doing that than Tom, don't you?
You hope I'm going to do that, don't you?
You hope I'm not going to do that, don't you?
You hope Tom and Mary don't ask us to do that, don't you?
You hope Tom and Mary don't do that, don't you?
You hope Tom and Mary don't make us do that, don't you?
You hope Tom and Mary don't tell us to do that, don't you?
You hope Tom and Mary win, don't you?
You hope Tom doesn't ask us to do that, don't you?
You hope Tom doesn't do that, don't you?
You hope Tom doesn't make us do that, don't you?
You hope Tom doesn't tell us to do that, don't you?
You hope Tom doesn't win, don't you?
You hope Tom will want to do that, too, don't you?
You hope Tom wins, don't you?
You hope Tom won't do that, don't you?
You hope Tom won't win, don't you?
You hope that Tom can do that, don't you?
You hope that Tom will be able to do that, don't you?
You hope that Tom will do that for you, don't you?
You hope that Tom will do that, don't you?
You hope that Tom will teach you how to do that, don't you?
You hope that Tom won't do that again, don't you?
You hope that Tom won't do that anymore, don't you?
You hope that Tom won't do that, don't you?
You hope that you won't have to do that again, don't you?
You hope that you won't have to do that anymore, don't you?
You hope that you won't have to do that, don't you?
You hope to be excused from doing that, don't you?
You hope to be finished doing that by 2:30, don't you?
You hope to be the first one to do that, don't you?
You hope to beat me. I tell you that you will never beat me.
You hope to do that this weekend, don't you?
You hope to keep me just for you.
You hope you don't need to do that, don't you?
You hope you won't have to do that, don't you?
You hoped this would happen, didn't you?
You hugged Mary.
You hugged me.
You hugged your backpack.
You hung posters on the wall.
You hung up the jackets behind the door.
You hung up.
You hunt.
You hunted.
You hurried to the bottom of the stairs.
You hurriedly left.
You hurt Tom pretty bad.
You hurt Tom's feelings.
You hurt Tom.
You hurt a man.
You hurt him.
You hurt his feelings.
You hurt me a lot.
You hurt me, Tom.
You hurt me.
You hurt my feelings.
You hurt my wife, and I'll kill you.
You hurt them.
You hurt us.
You hypocrite!
You idealized Mina.
You idiot!
You idiot! I swear! Screw this up one more time and it will be no more "Mr. Nice Guy". Capiche?
You idiot! Look at what you've done!
You idiot! What were you thinking?
You idiots are giving the school a bad name.
You idiots deserve to lose.
You idiots! How could you have let him slip away?
You idly listened to your friends chat.
You ignorance is truly frightening.
You ignored Mina.
You ignored Tom, didn't you?
You ignored Tom.
You ignored him.
You ignored me.
You imagine yourself to be far more knowledgeable than you really are.
You imagined dying at that spot!
You imagined every possibility, didn't you?
You imbecile!
You immediately came.
You immediately felt annoyed.
You immediately rushed headlong into it!
You implied that you knew what you were doing.
You implied that you were a doctor.
You imposed them on me.
You impress me!
You indulge all of his wishes.
You infuriate me.
You inherit nothing.
You input a code; a key is not required.
You insist upon our taking that course of action.
You inspire everyone with your creativity.
You inspire me to be a better person.
You inspire me to be better in everything.
You inspire me to persevere in the face of adversity.
You inspire others through your quiet perseverance.
You inspire others through your quiet resolve.
You inspire others to eat more fruits.
You inspire those around you with your quiet grace.
You inspire those around you without uttering a word.
You inspired me.
You inspired us to do that.
You insult me.
You insult my intelligence.
You insult people.
You insulted Mina.
You insulted me first.
You insulted me.
You insulted people.
You intentionally misled us.
You interest me very much, Mr. Watson.
You interjected yourself again.
You interjected yourselves again.
You intimidate Tom.
You intimidate her.
You intimidate him.
You intimidate me.
You intimidate them.
You intimidate us.
You invite us every year.
You invited Tom, didn't you?
You invited me to your party, but I can't make it this time.
You invited me to your party, but I can’t make it this time.
You invited me, so I came.
You invited them for dinner.
You ironed your pants.
You irritated Mina.
You irritated Tom.
You joined the navy after finishing college, didn't you?
You joined us, didn't you?
You joined when you decided to be my friend.
You judge by appearances.
You jumped a red light.
You jumped high enough to touch this branch.
You jumped high enough.
You jumped out without permission.
You jumped.
You just answered your own question.
You just are an angel.
You just aren't paying attention.
You just begin then God will help you.
You just bought yourself another day of detention.
You just called me fat.
You just called me old.
You just can't accept that I won, can you?
You just can't ask death to spare you because it won't spare you in any way.
You just can't escape death and it will catch you sooner than you think.
You just can't get good help these days.
You just can't get the staff.
You just can't give up.
You just can't ignore it.
You just can't let things slip around this nonchalantly smart girl.
You just can't make that stuff up.
You just can't make this stuff up.
You just can't postpone your own death at a later date, when it has to happen, it just happens naturally.
You just can't put a price on a moment like this.
You just can't stand still, huh? What are you, looking for a fight?
You just can't stop death from hitting you when your death is forecasted several months in advance.
You just can’t let things slip around this nonchalantly smart girl.
You just care about yourself.
You just cleaned your room, didn't you?
You just complicate the argument when you split hairs that way.
You just cried.
You just crushed Tom's dream.
You just did what you had to do.
You just didn't look hard enough.
You just do what the fuck you want to.
You just do what you got to do to survive.
You just don't do anything wrong.
You just don't do something like that.
You just don't get it, Tom.
You just don't get it, do you?
You just don't get it.
You just don't give up, do you?
You just don't joke with death.
You just don't know how it feels.
You just don't know when to shut up.
You just don't like to flip all the time.
You just don't talk to me anymore, like you don't care.
You just don't trust me. Admit it.
You just don't understand me!
You just don't understand.
You just don't want me around anymore.
You just don't want to get wet.
You just don’t do anything wrong.
You just drank eleven-hundred calories of juice.
You just drank from my cup.
You just drank from my glass.
You just dreamt it.
You just feel jaded!
You just finished lunch; how is it possible that you are still hungry?
You just finished studying history.
You just finished studying math.
You just found her.
You just go ahead while I wait here.
You just got here, didn't you?
You just got lucky.
You just got pantsed in the schoolyard, four-eyes.
You just got shot.
You just gotta find her.
You just had a heart attack.
You just had a holiday.
You just had to do it, didn't you?
You just had to do that, didn't you?
You just had to know where to look.
You just had to open your big mouth, didn't you?
You just have to adapt.
You just have to apply yourself.
You just have to ask Tom.
You just have to ask for it.
You just have to be creative.
You just have to be patient.
You just have to believe Tom.
You just have to believe him.
You just have to come to terms with it.
You just have to deal with things the way they are.
You just have to decide.
You just have to do as you're told.
You just have to do as you’re told.
You just have to do it.
You just have to enjoy yourself.
You just have to find her.
You just have to get out of here right now.
You just have to get your driving licence.
You just have to give yourself more time.
You just have to go out well dressed: no one knows how you went to bed.
You just have to have mercy on my poor wife.
You just have to help Tom.
You just have to help me.
You just have to help them.
You just have to help us.
You just have to keep focused.
You just have to keep working hard.
You just have to know how to help.
You just have to know it works. You don't need to know how it works.
You just have to know that it works. You don't need to know how it works.
You just have to know where to look.
You just have to know who to ask.
You just have to learn to give the right weight to what happens to you.
You just have to learn to live with it.
You just have to let him do his own thing.
You just have to let your own destiny run its natural course without forcing anything.
You just have to practise every day.
You just have to press the button to get a ticket.
You just have to press the button.
You just have to promise me one thing.
You just have to relax, OK?
You just have to sign here.
You just have to stand up for your rights in life.
You just have to stay there and not do a thing.
You just have to stay where you are!
You just have to study a little harder.
You just have to tell Mom you love her.
You just have to tidy up your room.
You just have to trust each other.
You just have to trust me.
You just have to turn on the TV.
You just have to understand what sort of thing the suffix '-osity' is.
You just have to understand what sort of thing the suffix ’-osity’ is.
You just have to wait a little longer.
You just have to wait until it gets dark.
You just have to wait.
You just have to wait. There's nothing else you can do.
You just have to want to do it.
You just have to work a little harder.
You just keep getting bigger, don't ya?
You just keep laughing!
You just killed me.
You just knocked the picture over.
You just left this morning, but I already miss you.
You just left, didn't you?
You just like watching TV, so you think that what I do in my spare time is so intense.
You just listen.
You just look at that Tom - as foolish as they come.
You just look like a janitor!
You just look so cute in a Shawi dress.
You just lost, that's all!
You just love to hurt people, don't you?
You just made a big mistake.
You just made a friend.
You just made a huge mistake.
You just made a very big mistake.
You just made me curious. Now I want to know!
You just made me miss the perfect shot when you hollered.
You just made me smile.
You just made my day.
You just made my life miserable.
You just made my weekend.
You just made that up, didn't you?
You just made that up.
You just made things more complicated.
You just make sure you tell Tom what I just said.
You just make the whole thing complicated by your attitude.
You just messed up once. You don't need to agonize over it.
You just messed up once. You don’t need to agonize over it.
You just messed up.
You just might learn something.
You just missed Ami as she went out.
You just missed Tom.
You just missed her.
You just missed him.
You just missed it.
You just missed the perfect chance to shut your mouth.
You just missed the train, didn't you?
You just missed them.
You just mocked me.
You just need a change of scenery.
You just need a good rest.
You just need help.
You just need practice.
You just need some coffee.
You just need some fresh air.
You just need some more practice.
You just need time to adjust to the new paradigm.
You just need time.
You just need to be careful.
You just need to be more patient.
You just need to be organized.
You just need to be patient.
You just need to be yourself.
You just need to calm down.
You just need to change the batteries.
You just need to decide.
You just need to find Tom.
You just need to find the right words.
You just need to get some sleep.
You just need to know where to look.
You just need to learn a little grammar.
You just need to make sure that you're there.
You just need to practice.
You just need to press this button to take a picture.
You just need to put the facts together.
You just need to read this book.
You just need to relax.
You just need to reset the breaker. Hurry up!
You just need to rest.
You just need to sign here.
You just need to sign right here.
You just need to stand there without moving.
You just need to study, that's all!
You just need to sweep the floor.
You just need to wait here.
You just never give up, do you?
You just never know.
You just now noticed this?
You just now understood this?
You just peck, peck, peck.
You just posted cringe.
You just proved my point.
You just put a tempting idea in my head.
You just put a toy down on the table.
You just ran a red light.
You just realised how awesome I am!
You just realized that?
You just relax.
You just rely on my son.
You just reminded me of someone.
You just rest.
You just ruined three years of undercover police work.
You just said it was up to me.
You just said that to me?
You just said the wrong thing.
You just sat there and did nothing.
You just saved me a lot of time.
You just saw Tom, didn't you?
You just saw her, didn't you?
You just saw him, didn't you?
You just saw something, didn't you?
You just saw them, didn't you?
You just screwed up.
You just sit here and wait.
You just sit there and wait until Tom gets back.
You just start stuttering whenever you're nervous.
You just stay with me.
You just stepped on my foot.
You just take the rough with the smooth.
You just talk excessively.
You just talked about this.
You just told me not to do that.
You just took it one step too far, my friend.
You just touched on the topic I would like to discuss.
You just turned the radio on.
You just used me for your own ends.
You just want to get Tom.
You just want to get rid of me.
You just want to preserve the logographic tradition with your new constructed language.
You just wanted to become my friend to obtain information.
You just watch.
You just won.
You just worry about taking care of your baby.
You just wouldn't understand.
You keep a diary, don't you?
You keep a dog, don't you?
You keep a dog, don’t you?
You keep asking about my finances. What is it to you?
You keep asking about my salary. What is it to you?
You keep bouncing back.
You keep calling me all day to talk nonsense.
You keep chattering.
You keep complaining about all the things you don't have, but just think about all the things you do have.
You keep forgetting to do your homework.
You keep forgetting to pay the bills.
You keep getting into trouble.
You keep going.
You keep her picture and you tell me you don't love her?
You keep hope alive.
You keep it.
You keep leaving the toilet seat up. It's not that hard to put it down!
You keep lurching on your feet. Are you drunk?
You keep lying to me.
You keep lying.
You keep making mistakes, of course you could be punished.
You keep making mistakes.
You keep making the same mistake.
You keep making the same mistakes.
You keep me hanging on.
You keep measuring yourself against them.
You keep on making the same mistake time after time.
You keep out of this.
You keep promising me you'll change, but you never do.
You keep records, don't you?
You keep reinventing yourself and that's the most beautiful thing about you.
You keep saying you're busy, and we haven't been able to see each other at all lately.
You keep sniffing.
You keep snorting.
You keep talking about her as if you love her.
You keep telling lies.
You keep telling me that I can't do anything.
You keep them.
You keep to yourself.
You keep using that word, but I don't think it means what you think it means.
You keep watch.
You kept calling me Tom.
You kept count, didn't you?
You kept crawling.
You kept fighting.
You kept going.
You kept insisting.
You kept moving.
You kept nodding off during that lecture, didn't you?
You kept nodding off during that lecture, didn’t you?
You kept playing.
You kept putting off working on the fine details on this project so it ended up lacking the finishing touches.
You kept quiet.
You kept running.
You kept smiling.
You kept talking.
You kept walking.
You kept your balance.
You kicked me.
You kidding?! Your dog seems dangerous.
You kids must be hungry.
You kids must be tired.
You kids stay here.
You kill me with your nice eyes.
You kill me!
You killed Tom.
You killed all the Indians of this area, then you hired mercenaries to kill all the buffalos.
You killed her.
You killed him.
You killed my father, and today I'll get my revenge.
You killed my father, and today I'll have my vengeance.
You killed my father, and today I’ll have my vengeance.
You killed my father.
You killed my father. Today, I want revenge.
You killed my mother.
You killed seven policewomen.
You killed the hamster.
You killed the wrong person.
You killed them.
You kind of are on her turf.
You kind of broke it.
You kind of look like Tom.
You kind of look like her.
You kind of look like him.
You kiss like a fish.
You kiss your child a hundred times a day, don't you?
You kissed Tom, didn't you?
You kissed her, didn't you?
You kissed him, didn't you?
You kissed him?
You kissed me very strongly.
You klutz tore it all down again.
You knelt down, begging God for forgiveness.
You knelt down.
You knew I could do that, didn't you?
You knew I couldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew I didn't have to do that anymore, didn't you?
You knew I didn't have to do that, didn't you?
You knew I didn't need to do that, didn't you?
You knew I didn't want to do that.
You knew I had to do that, didn't you?
You knew I had to help Tom do that, didn't you?
You knew I knew.
You knew I might be required to do that by myself, didn't you?
You knew I might not be allowed to do that by myself, didn't you?
You knew I might not be permitted to do that by myself, didn't you?
You knew I needed to do that, didn't you?
You knew I should do that, didn't you?
You knew I shouldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew I was going to kiss Tom, didn't you?
You knew I was here.
You knew I was innocent, right?
You knew I was married.
You knew I was planning on doing that, didn't you?
You knew I was planning on going, didn't you?
You knew I was planning on joining the team, didn't you?
You knew I was planning on taking pictures, didn't you?
You knew I was planning to do that, didn't you?
You knew I was planning to go, didn't you?
You knew I was planning to join the team, didn't you?
You knew I was planning to take pictures, didn't you?
You knew I was probably not going to be able to do that, didn't you?
You knew I was supposed to do that today, didn't you?
You knew I was supposed to do that yesterday, didn't you?
You knew I was supposed to do that, didn't you?
You knew I was the only one who could do that, didn't you?
You knew I wasn't going to be able to convince Tom to do that, didn't you?
You knew I wasn't going to be able to do that without your help, didn't you?
You knew I wasn't going to be able to do that, didn't you?
You knew I wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew I wasn't planning on doing that, didn't you?
You knew I wasn't planning on going, didn't you?
You knew I wasn't planning on joining the team, didn't you?
You knew I wasn't planning to do that, didn't you?
You knew I wasn't planning to go, didn't you?
You knew I wasn't planning to join the team, didn't you?
You knew I wasn't supposed to do that, didn't you?
You knew I wouldn't agree to do that, didn't you?
You knew I wouldn't be able to do that, didn't you?
You knew I wouldn't be permitted to do that by myself, didn't you?
You knew I wouldn't do that.
You knew I wouldn't have enough time to do that, didn't you?
You knew I wouldn't have to do that, didn't you?
You knew I wouldn't want to do that, didn't you?
You knew I'd agree to do that, didn't you?
You knew I'd be able to do that, didn't you?
You knew I'd be there, didn't you?
You knew I'd do that sooner or later, didn't you?
You knew I'd do that, didn't you?
You knew I'd have to do that by myself, didn't you?
You knew I'd likely have to do that, didn't you?
You knew I'd refuse to do that, didn't you?
You knew I'd wouldn't agree to do that, didn't you?
You knew Mary couldn't do that by herself, didn't you?
You knew Mary didn't do that by herself, didn't you?
You knew Mary said she going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Mary said she wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Mary said she wouldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew Mary said she'd do that, didn't you?
You knew Mary told Tom she couldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew Mary told Tom she was going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Mary told Tom she wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Mary told everyone she was going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Mary told everyone she wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Mary when she was a kid, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary couldn't do that by themselves, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary didn't do that by themselves, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary said they going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary said they weren't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary said they'd do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary told John they couldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary told John they were going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary told John they weren't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary told everyone they were going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary told everyone they weren't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary were going to be mad at me for doing that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary were leaving, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary were probably not going to be able to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary were supposed to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary were unlikely to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary were unlikely to want to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary weren't likely to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary when they were kids, didn't you?
You knew Tom better than I did.
You knew Tom couldn't do that by himself, didn't you?
You knew Tom couldn't do that without some help, didn't you?
You knew Tom couldn't do that without your help, didn't you?
You knew Tom couldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom didn't do that by himself, didn't you?
You knew Tom didn't do that on purpose, didn't you?
You knew Tom didn't have to do that anymore, didn't you?
You knew Tom didn't have to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom didn't intend to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom didn't like doing that, didn't you?
You knew Tom didn't need to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom didn't plan on doing that, didn't you?
You knew Tom didn't plan on going, didn't you?
You knew Tom didn't plan on joining the team, didn't you?
You knew Tom didn't plan to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom didn't plan to go, didn't you?
You knew Tom didn't plan to join the team, didn't you?
You knew Tom didn't really want to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom didn't want to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom had to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom had to help Mary do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom needed to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom needed you, didn't you?
You knew Tom said he going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom said he wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom said he would do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom said he wouldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom should do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom shouldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom told Mary he couldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom told Mary he was going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom told Mary he wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom told Mary not to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom told Mary that he couldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom told Mary to ask John not to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom told Mary to ask John to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom told Mary to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom told everybody he was going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom told everyone he was going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom told everyone he wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wanted Mary to ask John not to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wanted Mary to ask John to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wanted to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wanted to win, didn't you?
You knew Tom was a bachelor, didn't you?
You knew Tom was a ballet dancer, didn't you?
You knew Tom was a barber, didn't you?
You knew Tom was a butcher, didn't you?
You knew Tom was doing that, didn't you?
You knew Tom was going to be mad at me for doing that, didn't you?
You knew Tom was leaving, didn't you?
You knew Tom was lying to you, didn't you?
You knew Tom was probably not going to be able to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom was supposed to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom was trying to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom was unlikely to ask Mary not to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom was unlikely to ask Mary to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom was unlikely to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom was unlikely to want to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom was very unlikely to be able to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wasn't a barber, didn't you?
You knew Tom wasn't a baseball fan, didn't you?
You knew Tom wasn't going to be able to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wasn't going to do that today, didn't you?
You knew Tom wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wasn't likely to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wasn't really going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wasn't supposed to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wasn't supposed to help Mary do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom when he was a kid, didn't you?
You knew Tom would ask me to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom would be able to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom would be doing that, didn't you?
You knew Tom would be here, didn't you?
You knew Tom would be here.
You knew Tom would do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom would help me do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wouldn't ask Mary not to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wouldn't ask Mary to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that as fast as Mary, didn't you?
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that as quickly as Mary, didn't you?
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that as well as Mary, didn't you?
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that before 2:30, didn't you?
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that without any help, didn't you?
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that without your help, didn't you?
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to get home before 2:30, didn't you?
You knew Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wouldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wouldn't stop doing that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wouldn't want to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom wouldn't want to stop doing that, didn't you?
You knew Tom, didn't you?
You knew about this already, didn't you?
You knew all along it was Tom, didn't you?
You knew all along that I can't do it.
You knew all along that I couldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew all along that I couldn't do that.
You knew doing that would be difficult, didn't you?
You knew everybody at the party, didn't you?
You knew everyone at the party, didn't you?
You knew everything and played dumb.
You knew everything.
You knew exactly what you were doing.
You knew exactly where to hit me.
You knew full well what needed to be done.
You knew full well what was right.
You knew her better than I did.
You knew her, didn't you?
You knew him better than I did.
You knew him, did you not?
You knew him, didn't you?
You knew how important doing that was to Tom, didn't you?
You knew how important this was to Donald.
You knew how to count to ten when you were two years old.
You knew it all along.
You knew it from the start.
You knew it was impossible and even then, you tried.
You knew it was wrong.
You knew it wasn't a good idea to do that, didn't you?
You knew it wasn't the first time I had done that, didn't you?
You knew it wasn't the first time that I had done that, didn't you?
You knew it would happen, didn't you?
You knew it wouldn't.
You knew it wouldn’t.
You knew it, Tom, and yet you didn't say anything.
You knew it.
You knew it. Didn't you?
You knew me when I was a kid.
You knew me, didn't you?
You knew that I could do that, didn't you?
You knew that I couldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew that I didn't want to do that.
You knew that I was the only one who could do that, didn't you?
You knew that I wasn't going to be able to convince Tom to do that, didn't you?
You knew that I wasn't going to be able to do that, didn't you?
You knew that I'd be able to do that, didn't you?
You knew that I'd be there, didn't you?
You knew that I'd do that, didn't you?
You knew that Mary said she wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Mary told Tom she was going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Mary told Tom she wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Mary told Tom that she couldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew that Mary told everyone she was going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Mary told everyone she wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom and Mary said they weren't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom and Mary told John that they couldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom and Mary told John they were going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom and Mary told John they weren't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom and Mary told everyone they were going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom and Mary told everyone they weren't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom and Mary were doing that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom and Mary were trying to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom and Mary were unlikely to want to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom and Mary were very unlikely to be able to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom and Mary weren't going to do that today, didn't you?
You knew that Tom and Mary weren't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom and Mary weren't likely to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom and Mary weren't really going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom couldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom didn't have to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom didn't like doing that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom didn't need to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom didn't want to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom said he wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom told Mary he was going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom told Mary he wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom told Mary not to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom told Mary that he couldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom told Mary to ask John not to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom told Mary to ask John to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom told Mary to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom told everybody he was going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom told everyone he was going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom told everyone he wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wanted Mary to ask John not to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wanted Mary to ask John to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wanted to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom was a bachelor, didn't you?
You knew that Tom was a ballet dancer, didn't you?
You knew that Tom was a barber, didn't you?
You knew that Tom was a butcher, didn't you?
You knew that Tom was doing that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom was trying to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom was unlikely to want to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom was very unlikely to be able to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wasn't a barber, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wasn't a baseball fan, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wasn't going to do that today, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wasn't likely to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wasn't really going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wasn't supposed to help Mary do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom would be able to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom would do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wouldn't ask Mary not to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wouldn't ask Mary to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that as fast as Mary, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that as quickly as Mary, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that as well as Mary, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wouldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wouldn't want to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wouldn't want to stop doing that, didn't you?
You knew that already, didn't you?
You knew that sooner or later it would happen, didn't you?
You knew that when you married me.
You knew that, right?
You knew the alphabet.
You knew the answer all along.
You knew the killer.
You knew the risks and you did it anyway.
You knew them better than I did.
You knew them, didn't you?
You knew there was no way I could do that, didn't you?
You knew this already, didn't you?
You knew this might happen.
You knew this was going to happen, right?
You knew this would happen!
You knew this would happen, didn't you?
You knew too much.
You knew we weren't supposed to do that, didn't you?
You knew well what would happen. Why didn't you tell me a thing?
You knew what would happen, didn't you?
You knew what you had to do.
You knew what you were doing, didn't you?
You knew what you were doing.
You knew what you were getting into when you enlisted.
You knew what you were getting yourself into.
You knew why I was there.
You knew you couldn't leave her alone.
You knew!
You knew, didn't you?
You knocked on the door many times, but they didn't want to open it to you.
You knocked on the wrong door.
You know Algeria well, don't you?
You know Americans are jealous of the British accent that they deem more prestigious.
You know Berber is my second language, don't you?
You know Berber is my second language, right?
You know Boston better than I do.
You know Boston much better than I do.
You know Boston pretty well, don't you?
You know English isn't necessarily feminine.
You know English?
You know French much better than I do.
You know French, don't you?
You know Greek?
You know Grievous Bodily Harm? Just how bad do the injuries have to be before it counts as Grievous?
You know I am a bit sorrowful.
You know I am not born to tread in the beaten track â€” the peculiar bent of my nature pushes me on.
You know I am not born to tread in the beaten track — the peculiar bent of my nature pushes me on.
You know I believe in you.
You know I bend time sometimes.
You know I can do it.
You know I can do that.
You know I can't agree to that.
You know I can't answer a question like that.
You know I can't be in Australia next week.
You know I can't be in Boston next week.
You know I can't do that, don't you?
You know I can't do that.
You know I can't do this without you.
You know I can't give out that kind of information.
You know I can't go to Australia with you.
You know I can't go to Boston with you.
You know I can't live without you.
You know I can't sing very well.
You know I can't sing.
You know I can't speak French.
You know I can't stand her.
You know I can't stand him, however, I try to help him.
You know I can't stand him.
You know I can't stay mad at you when you make such an adorable face.
You know I can't tell you that.
You know I can't tell you.
You know I can't wait any longer.
You know I can't wait any more.
You know I can't wait for you if you're late.
You know I can't wait.
You know I can't.
You know I can’t.
You know I couldn't do that.
You know I did that, don't you?
You know I didn't do it.
You know I didn't do that, don't you?
You know I didn't do that.
You know I didn't know this was going to happen.
You know I didn't like you in sixth grade.
You know I didn't like you in the 6th grade.
You know I didn't mean it.
You know I didn't mean that.
You know I didn't want to do that, don't you?
You know I don't believe you.
You know I don't dance.
You know I don't drink.
You know I don't drive at night, don't you?
You know I don't eat meat.
You know I don't have a car.
You know I don't have any money.
You know I don't have to do that, don't you?
You know I don't like Tom.
You know I don't like doing that.
You know I don't like eggs.
You know I don't like it when you're late.
You know I don't like it.
You know I don't like lying.
You know I don't like that.
You know I don't like this.
You know I don't like to do that, don't you?
You know I don't love you.
You know I don't mind.
You know I don't need to do that, don't you?
You know I don't often do that, don't you?
You know I don't really feel like going there.
You know I don't trust you.
You know I don't want to do that, don't you?
You know I had to do it.
You know I hate it.
You know I hate meetings.
You know I hate spinach.
You know I hate that.
You know I hate you for this!
You know I have no choice, don't you?
You know I have to do that today, don't you?
You know I have to do that, don't you?
You know I have to go to Boston next week, don't you?
You know I have to go.
You know I just want the best for you.
You know I know Tom.
You know I like Tom, don't you?
You know I like Tom.
You know I like to do that, don't you?
You know I like you, don't you?
You know I like you.
You know I like you. Do you want to go out with me?
You know I love Halloween.
You know I love Mary, do you not?
You know I love Mary, right?
You know I love Tom, don't you?
You know I love Tom.
You know I love all three of you.
You know I love him, don't you?
You know I love this stuff.
You know I love you a lot.
You know I love you both.
You know I love you!
You know I love you, don't you?
You know I love you, right?
You know I love you.
You know I miss you.
You know I must work hard for my money.
You know I need it back.
You know I need to do that, don't you?
You know I need you.
You know I no longer need to do that, don't you?
You know I only want what's good for you.
You know I respect you.
You know I said no such thing.
You know I should do that, don't you?
You know I shouldn't do that anymore, don't you?
You know I shouldn't do that, don't you?
You know I tried to see him in the city today.
You know I used to have one of those, don't you?
You know I want to do that, don't you?
You know I want to know it.
You know I want you.
You know I was just joking.
You know I was supposed to do that today, don't you?
You know I won't do that, don't you?
You know I won't do that.
You know I won't lie to you.
You know I won't say anything.
You know I won't sing.
You know I won't stop doing this.
You know I would do anything to help you.
You know I would never do that kind of thing.
You know I would never hurt you.
You know I wouldn't be stupid enough to do that, don't you?
You know I wouldn't desert you.
You know I wouldn't do that.
You know I wouldn't have asked if it wasn't important.
You know I wouldn't permit Tom to do that, don't you?
You know I'd be with you if I could.
You know I'd buy that for you if I could.
You know I'd die for you.
You know I'd do anything for your beautiful eyes.
You know I'd do anything to help you.
You know I'd hate to do that, don't you?
You know I'd never do that kind of thing.
You know I'd never hurt you.
You know I'd never leave you.
You know I'd never let anything happen to you.
You know I'd stay with you if I could.
You know I'll follow you.
You know I'll never be able to do that again, don't you?
You know I'll never be able to do that, don't you?
You know I'm afraid to do that, don't you?
You know I'm always happy to see you.
You know I'm always interested in hearing more about that subject.
You know I'm determined to do that, don't you?
You know I'm different.
You know I'm from a different culture.
You know I'm in love with you, don't you?
You know I'm in the right.
You know I'm innocent, don't you?
You know I'm joking, right?
You know I'm just kidding around with you, right?
You know I'm just messing with you, right?
You know I'm just teasing you, right?
You know I'm leaving.
You know I'm married, don't you?
You know I'm married.
You know I'm much smarter than you.
You know I'm not a cop.
You know I'm not afraid to do that, don't you?
You know I'm not afraid.
You know I'm not coming back, don't you?
You know I'm not coming back, right?
You know I'm not eager to do that, don't you?
You know I'm not good with secrets.
You know I'm not likely to do that, don't you?
You know I'm not prone to sentimentality.
You know I'm not supposed to do that anymore, don't you?
You know I'm not supposed to do that, don't you?
You know I'm not supposed to help Tom do that, don't you?
You know I'm older than you are.
You know I'm on your side.
You know I'm right, Tom.
You know I'm right.
You know I'm smarter than you.
You know I'm still planning on doing that, don't you?
You know I'm still planning on going, don't you?
You know I'm still planning on joining the team, don't you?
You know I'm still planning to do that, don't you?
You know I'm still planning to go, don't you?
You know I'm still planning to join the team, don't you?
You know I'm supposed to be doing that today, don't you?
You know I'm supposed to do that today, don't you?
You know I'm supposed to do that tomorrow, don't you?
You know I'm supposed to do that, don't you?
You know I'm telling the truth.
You know I'm very stubborn.
You know I'm wrong.
You know I've got to be leaving.
You know I've got to help Tom.
You know I've never done that, don't you?
You know I’d do anything for your beautiful eyes.
You know Layla likes flowers.
You know Mary, don't you?
You know Mondays are hard for me.
You know Skura already.
You know Tinhinan's father.
You know Tom and I aren't going to do that, don't you?
You know Tom and I don't get along very well, don't you?
You know Tom and John are both in love with you, don't you?
You know Tom and Mary are lying.
You know Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
You know Tom and Mary aren't likely to do that today, don't you?
You know Tom and Mary aren't supposed to do that, don't you?
You know Tom and Mary both want to do that, don't you?
You know Tom and Mary don't get along with each other, don't you?
You know Tom and Mary don't like that.
You know Tom and Mary don't trust you.
You know Tom and Mary no longer have to do that, don't you?
You know Tom and Mary want to help.
You know Tom and Mary were right.
You know Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that, don't you?
You know Tom best of us.
You know Tom better than I do.
You know Tom better than any of us.
You know Tom better than anybody.
You know Tom better than anyone else.
You know Tom better than anyone.
You know Tom can't do that as well as I can, don't you?
You know Tom can't do that as well as Mary can, don't you?
You know Tom can't do that very well, don't you?
You know Tom can't do that very well.
You know Tom can't do that, don't you?
You know Tom can't do that.
You know Tom can't speak French very well, don't you?
You know Tom can't swim very well, don't you?
You know Tom can't win, don't you?
You know Tom can't win.
You know Tom did that, don't you?
You know Tom didn't do that, don't you?
You know Tom doesn't have to do that, don't you?
You know Tom doesn't know how to do that, don't you?
You know Tom doesn't like that.
You know Tom doesn't like to do that, don't you?
You know Tom doesn't like you, don't you?
You know Tom doesn't need to do that, don't you?
You know Tom doesn't often do that, don't you?
You know Tom doesn't trust you.
You know Tom doesn't understand French, don't you?
You know Tom doesn't want to do that, don't you?
You know Tom from accounting, don't you?
You know Tom has a thing for you.
You know Tom has to do that, don't you?
You know Tom hates my family.
You know Tom is a ballet dancer, don't you?
You know Tom is a barber, don't you?
You know Tom is a baseball fan, don't you?
You know Tom is a doctor, don't you?
You know Tom is a friend of Mary's, don't you?
You know Tom is a good friend of mine, don't you?
You know Tom is a loony tune.
You know Tom is afraid to do that, don't you?
You know Tom is determined to do that, don't you?
You know Tom is different.
You know Tom is generous.
You know Tom is in love with you, don't you?
You know Tom is in the hospital, don't you?
You know Tom is just trying to help, don't you?
You know Tom is just trying to help.
You know Tom is lying.
You know Tom is not afraid to do that, don't you?
You know Tom is not eager to do that, don't you?
You know Tom is not likely to do that, don't you?
You know Tom is still a bachelor, don't you?
You know Tom is still in love with you, don't you?
You know Tom is still living with his parents, don't you?
You know Tom is still planning on doing that, don't you?
You know Tom is still planning on going, don't you?
You know Tom is still planning on joining the team, don't you?
You know Tom is still planning to do that, don't you?
You know Tom is still planning to go, don't you?
You know Tom is still planning to join the team, don't you?
You know Tom is still planning to move to Boston, don't you?
You know Tom is telling the truth.
You know Tom is the one who did that, don't you?
You know Tom is very sweet.
You know Tom is very unlikely to do that, don't you?
You know Tom isn't a barber, don't you?
You know Tom isn't going to let you get away.
You know Tom isn't going to let you leave.
You know Tom isn't likely to do that today, don't you?
You know Tom isn't supposed to do that, don't you?
You know Tom isn't the one who did that, don't you?
You know Tom lied about Mary, right?
You know Tom likes Boston.
You know Tom likes Mary, don't you?
You know Tom likes Mary.
You know Tom likes baseball.
You know Tom likes beer.
You know Tom likes cars.
You know Tom likes oranges.
You know Tom likes to do that, don't you?
You know Tom much better than I do.
You know Tom needs to do that, don't you?
You know Tom no longer has to do that, don't you?
You know Tom pretty well, don't you?
You know Tom really likes you.
You know Tom should do that, don't you?
You know Tom shouldn't be doing that by himself, don't you?
You know Tom shouldn't be doing that, don't you?
You know Tom shouldn't do that, don't you?
You know Tom shouldn't drink.
You know Tom used to live in Australia, don't you?
You know Tom used to live in Boston, don't you?
You know Tom wants to do that, don't you?
You know Tom wants to help, don't you?
You know Tom wants to help.
You know Tom was right.
You know Tom was the one who did that, don't you?
You know Tom wasn't supposed to do that, don't you?
You know Tom wasn't the one who did that, don't you?
You know Tom will never let you live this down, don't you?
You know Tom will never let you live this down, right?
You know Tom will try to stop us.
You know Tom won't be able to do that, don't you?
You know Tom won't do that, don't you?
You know Tom won't win, don't you?
You know Tom wouldn't do that.
You know Tom's just trying to help.
You know Tom, I think.
You know Tom, don't you?
You know Tom, don't you? John's his boyfriend.
You know Tom, don't you? John's his husband.
You know Tom.
You know Tom. Gay, furry, French speaker. Fursona is a possum. Ring a bell?
You know Tom. Six foot seven, big glasses. His boyfriend's John.
You know Yanni is too young.
You know Ziri is gonna tell everyone.
You know Ziri will never give up.
You know a few things about your family?
You know a few.
You know a great deal about me, but I don't know anything about you.
You know a lot about dogs, don't you?
You know a lot about sumo, don't you?
You know a lot about that.
You know a lot about this.
You know a lot more than you think you do.
You know a lot of grammar, don't you?
You know a lot of vocabulary words, but for some reason you still can't speak English in certain real life situations.
You know a lot, don't you?
You know about 'ra-skipped words'? It looks like quite a lot of students are using mistaken words.
You know about Tom and Mary, don't you?
You know about Tom, don't you?
You know about her, don't you?
You know about him, don't you?
You know about stuff like that.
You know about such things.
You know about that better than I do.
You know about that sort of stuff.
You know about that sort of thing.
You know about that, don't you?
You know about that, don’t you?
You know about that.
You know about them, don't you?
You know about things like that.
You know about ’ra-skipped words’? It looks like quite a lot of students are using mistaken words.
You know all about me.
You know all my jokes by now.
You know all that.
You know all the paths by the four stars in the sky.
You know almost everything about me.
You know as well as I do that Tom and Mary aren't very good singers.
You know as well as I do that Tom and Mary don't know how to swim.
You know as well as I do that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
You know as well as I do that Tom doesn't know how to swim.
You know as well as I do that Tom doesn't like Mary.
You know as well as I do that Tom hates Mary.
You know as well as I do that Tom isn't a very good singer.
You know as well as I do that Tom was the one who did that.
You know as well as I do that that isn't likely to happen.
You know as well as I do that there is zero chance that Tom will do that.
You know as well as I do that there's no chance Tom will do that.
You know as well as I do that there's no chance that Tom will do that.
You know as well as I do that we can't afford to buy that kind of car.
You know as well as I do that we have no chance of surviving.
You know as well as I do that we shouldn't be doing this.
You know as well as I do that we will die here.
You know as well as I do there's no chance Tom will do that.
You know as well as I do there's no chance that Tom will do that.
You know bad weather by the rain.
You know best.
You know better than I do what this is all about.
You know better than I do.
You know better than that.
You know better than this.
You know better than to do that kind of thing.
You know better than to do that without asking for permission first, don't you?
You know better than to do that, don't you?
You know better.
You know both Tom and John are in love with you, don't you?
You know both Tom and Mary want to do that, don't you?
You know deep down inside that you are not meant to be together.
You know each other already?
You know each other, don't you?
You know enough.
You know eventually everybody's going to know about this.
You know eventually everyone's going to know about this.
You know every freckle on my body.
You know everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects.
You know everybody.
You know everyone here, I think.
You know everyone here, don't you?
You know everyone there.
You know everyone.
You know everything I do, Tom.
You know everything about me.
You know everything now.
You know everything, right?
You know everything.
You know exactly how I feel about that.
You know exactly how to do that, don't you?
You know exactly what I like.
You know exactly what I mean to say.
You know exactly what I mean!
You know exactly what I mean.
You know exactly what I think about it.
You know exactly what I think about that.
You know exactly what I want.
You know exactly what I'm talking about.
You know exactly what Tom is talking about.
You know exactly what he's talking about.
You know exactly what pushes my buttons.
You know exactly what she's talking about.
You know exactly what you did.
You know exactly who Ziri is.
You know full well that I like Tom.
You know full well what the difference is.
You know guns, don't you?
You know he hates shopping.
You know her name, don't you?
You know her, I think.
You know her, don't you?
You know her.
You know him better than I do.
You know him, I think.
You know him, don't you?
You know him.
You know his name, don't you?
You know his name, right?
You know how I feel about Tom.
You know how I feel about babies!
You know how I feel about that.
You know how I feel about those things.
You know how I feel about you, don't you?
You know how I feel about you.
You know how I feel.
You know how I get.
You know how Mormons are.
You know how Sami is.
You know how Tom and Mary are.
You know how Tom does things.
You know how Tom gets.
You know how Tom is.
You know how busy we are.
You know how children can be sometimes.
You know how competitive teenagers can be.
You know how crazy they are over their little bundle of joy.
You know how difficult I can make things for you.
You know how dreams are.
You know how easy it is to do this.
You know how hard it can be to convince Tom to do anything.
You know how hard it would be to sell something like that, don't you?
You know how hard this is for me.
You know how impatient Ziri can get.
You know how impetuous our friend is ordinarily, what a soul of restlessness and energy, never content unless he is rushing at some object, like a sportive bull at a red shawl; but amiable withal.
You know how important doing that is to Tom, don't you?
You know how important this job is to me, don't you?
You know how important you are to me.
You know how it happened, don't you?
You know how it is.
You know how it works, don't you?
You know how life is in Algeria.
You know how much I appreciate your expertise.
You know how much I care for you.
You know how much I dislike children!
You know how much I hate Tom.
You know how much I hate cooking.
You know how much I hate doing that, don't you?
You know how much I hate doing that.
You know how much I hate doing this.
You know how much I hate living here.
You know how much I hate studying French.
You know how much I hate that.
You know how much I love Halloween.
You know how much I love you.
You know how much I value our friendship.
You know how much I've always wanted to go to Australia.
You know how much I've always wanted to go to Boston.
You know how much Mary means to me.
You know how much Tom and Mary hate doing that, don't you?
You know how much Tom and Mary hate doing that.
You know how much Tom hates doing that, don't you?
You know how much Tom hates doing that.
You know how much Tom loves Chinese food.
You know how much Tom loves to talk.
You know how much a car like that costs?
You know how much cheating there is around from those who sell or rent out horses.
You know how much cheating there is around here from those who sell or rent out cars.
You know how much your dad hates that.
You know how on a flat surface, which has only two dimensions, we can represent a figure of a three-dimensional solid, and similarly they think that by models of three dimensions they could represent one of four—if they could master the perspective of the thing.
You know how our family is.
You know how poor Tom is, don't you?
You know how serious things are, don't you?
You know how she is.
You know how sometimes you just become this person?
You know how stubborn Tom can be.
You know how stubborn Tom is. He'll never change his mind.
You know how stubborn he can be.
You know how stubborn she can be.
You know how the system works.
You know how these kind of fights end.
You know how these things go, one word leads to another....
You know how these things go.
You know how these things work.
You know how they are.
You know how timid she is.
You know how to change it, you just don't want to.
You know how to contact me if you need me.
You know how to do that, don't you?
You know how to drive, don't you?
You know how to explain it, don't you?
You know how to fix computers.
You know how to get in touch with me if you need me.
You know how to handle a crossbow?
You know how to make paper pinwheels? I only know how to make little birdies.
You know how to make yourself irresistible.
You know how to manipulate me.
You know how to play this game better than I do.
You know how to reach me if you need me.
You know how to reach me.
You know how to repair computers, don't you?
You know how to sing.
You know how to speak French fluently.
You know how to swim, I think?
You know how to swim, don't you?
You know how to take a joke.
You know how to turn me on.
You know how tough Tom can be.
You know how women are.
You know how you can get hold of me when I'm out.
You know how you can reach me when I'm out.
You know how you get when you don't get enough sleep.
You know how you get when you're hungry.
You know how.
You know in your heart that most people just have an ugly personality with which you cannot get along.
You know it as well as I do.
You know it better than anyone else.
You know it better than me.
You know it can't last forever.
You know it doesn't matter.
You know it isn't like that.
You know it was Tom who did that, don't you?
You know it was her responsibility.
You know it was their responsibility.
You know it wasn't me.
You know it wasn't the first time Tom did that, don't you?
You know it wasn't the first time that Tom did that, don't you?
You know it well!
You know it yourself: a man without any documents is strictly forbidden to exist.
You know it'll be fine.
You know it'll be fun.
You know it'll be your duty from tomorrow on.
You know it's Halloween, right?
You know it's a lie.
You know it's going to be fun.
You know it's going to be funny.
You know it's going to be hard to do.
You know it's going to be hot there.
You know it's going to happen.
You know it's like that after all.
You know it's me.
You know it's not good.
You know it's not like that.
You know it's not true.
You know it's pitch black out there.
You know it's summer when warm water starts coming out of the cold tap.
You know it's true.
You know it's worth it.
You know it's wrong to do that.
You know it's wrong to keep Gabor in the dark about this.
You know it's your duty.
You know it, and I know it.
You know it, don't you?
You know it.
You know just as much as I do.
You know kabyle literature books.
You know many interesting places, don't you?
You know many interesting places, don’t you?
You know many things, don't you?
You know many things.
You know many vocabulary words.
You know me and know that I'm not joking.
You know me better than that.
You know me better than you realize.
You know me inside and out.
You know me so well.
You know me too well.
You know me well enough to know I wouldn't do something like that.
You know me well enough to know I wouldn't do that.
You know me well enough to know that I wouldn't do something like that.
You know me well enough to know that I wouldn't do that.
You know me well enough to know that I'm not exaggerating.
You know me well.
You know me, don't you?
You know me, don't you? You know I'll do it.
You know me.
You know money can fix it all.
You know more about Tom than anybody else does.
You know more about Tom than anyone else does.
You know more than I do about German customs and traditions.
You know more than you think you do.
You know more than you think.
You know more than you're saying.
You know my address. Come if you dare.
You know my dog's name, don't you?
You know my favorite singer Terry Tate.
You know my history.
You know my opinion.
You know my position.
You know my powers, my dear Watson, and yet at the end of three months I was forced to confess that I had at last met an antagonist who was my intellectual equal.
You know my secret.
You know my stance about Palestine.
You know my terms.
You know my younger daughter is about the same age as your son. That's why I think that they will get engaged.
You know my younger daughter is about the same age as your son. That’s why I think that they will get engaged.
You know no shame.
You know nothing about Kabyle history.
You know nothing about Kabylie.
You know nothing about Mary's family.
You know nothing about Tom, so don't judge him.
You know nothing about life.
You know nothing about me.
You know nothing about the Andromeda galaxy.
You know nothing good comes from politics.
You know nothing of the world.
You know nothing, Tom Jackson.
You know nothing.
You know now what you wanted to, don't you?
You know of course that a mathematical line, a line of thickness nil, has no real existence.
You know once you're inside, you'll never be able to get out.
You know our rule.
You know our rules.
You know people.
You know perfectly well how I feel about you.
You know perfectly well that there are regulations concerning animals.
You know perfectly well that things don't work that way.
You know perfectly well that you're right.
You know perfectly well the government won't last long.
You know perfectly well what I'm talking about.
You know quite a lot about Sumo.
You know quite a lot about basketball, don't you?
You know quite a lot about basketball.
You know quite a lot about sumo.
You know quite well that it isn't true.
You know quite well what I mean.
You know so many things about the Chinese language... It's just as if you were Chinese yourself.
You know so many things about the Chinese language... It’s just as if you were Chinese yourself.
You know so many words!
You know so much about Tom.
You know so much about her.
You know so much about him.
You know so much about them.
You know some French, don't you?
You know some Japanese.
You know something about it, right?
You know something about this, don't you?
You know something you haven't told us, don't you?
You know something you're not telling me, don't you?
You know something, don't you?
You know something, right?
You know something.
You know something?
You know sperm's actually pretty bitter when you think about it. Even the people who like it are going to have limits.
You know such pictures.
You know that Esperanto is like a Japanesque Latinate language.
You know that Google doesn't know everything.
You know that I am not interested in your religion.
You know that I am not promoting Portuguese over Spanish.
You know that I am not really interested in your religion.
You know that I can cook.
You know that I can do it.
You know that I can do that.
You know that I can sing and dance.
You know that I can sing.
You know that I can swim.
You know that I can't answer a question like that.
You know that I can't be in Boston next week.
You know that I can't do that, don't you?
You know that I can't do that.
You know that I can't give out that kind of information.
You know that I can't go to Boston with you.
You know that I can't sing very well.
You know that I can't sing.
You know that I can't speak French.
You know that I can't tell you that.
You know that I can't wait any longer.
You know that I can't wait any more.
You know that I can't wait for you if you're late.
You know that I can't wait.
You know that I couldn't do that.
You know that I did that, don't you?
You know that I didn't do it.
You know that I didn't do that, don't you?
You know that I didn't do that.
You know that I didn't mean it.
You know that I didn't mean that.
You know that I didn't want to do that, don't you?
You know that I do not like artichokes.
You know that I don't believe you.
You know that I don't dance.
You know that I don't drive at night, don't you?
You know that I don't eat meat.
You know that I don't have a car.
You know that I don't have any money.
You know that I don't have to do that, don't you?
You know that I don't like Tom.
You know that I don't like artichokes.
You know that I don't like doing that.
You know that I don't like eggs.
You know that I don't like it when you're late.
You know that I don't like lying.
You know that I don't like that kind of talk.
You know that I don't like to be disturbed while I'm reading.
You know that I don't like to be disturbed while I'm working.
You know that I don't like to do that, don't you?
You know that I don't like you.
You know that I don't mind.
You know that I don't need to do that, don't you?
You know that I don't often do that, don't you?
You know that I don't really feel like going there.
You know that I don't usually talk like that.
You know that I don't usually talk this way.
You know that I don't want to do that, don't you?
You know that I don't want to offend you.
You know that I don’t like eggs.
You know that I hate it.
You know that I hate meetings.
You know that I hate spinach.
You know that I hate that.
You know that I have no choice, don't you?
You know that I have to do that today, don't you?
You know that I have to do that, don't you?
You know that I have to go to Boston next week, don't you?
You know that I have to go.
You know that I know.
You know that I like the outdoors.
You know that I like to do that, don't you?
You know that I like you, don't you?
You know that I like you.
You know that I love Tom, don't you?
You know that I love all three of you.
You know that I love you both.
You know that I love you so much, don't you?
You know that I love you so much.
You know that I love you, don't you?
You know that I love you.
You know that I need it back.
You know that I need to do that, don't you?
You know that I need you.
You know that I no longer need to do that, don't you?
You know that I now have made hijacking my specialty.
You know that I respect you.
You know that I should do that, don't you?
You know that I shouldn't do that anymore, don't you?
You know that I shouldn't do that, don't you?
You know that I want to do that, don't you?
You know that I was supposed to do that today, don't you?
You know that I will be there for you when you're in danger.
You know that I will follow you.
You know that I won't do that, don't you?
You know that I won't do that.
You know that I won't lie to you.
You know that I won't say anything.
You know that I won't sing.
You know that I won't stop until I get my revenge.
You know that I would not have a secret from you if it were not for your own sake.
You know that I wouldn't be stupid enough to do that, don't you?
You know that I wouldn't do that.
You know that I wouldn't permit Tom to do that, don't you?
You know that I'd die for you.
You know that I'd do anything to help you.
You know that I'd hate to do that, don't you?
You know that I'd never do that kind of thing.
You know that I'd never hurt you.
You know that I'd never let anything happen to you.
You know that I'd never let you down.
You know that I'll always love you.
You know that I'll follow you.
You know that I'll never be able to do that again, don't you?
You know that I'll never be able to do that, don't you?
You know that I'm Muslim.
You know that I'm a hard-working man.
You know that I'm afraid to do that, don't you?
You know that I'm determined to do that, don't you?
You know that I'm different.
You know that I'm in love with you, don't you?
You know that I'm in the right.
You know that I'm innocent, don't you?
You know that I'm married, don't you?
You know that I'm married.
You know that I'm not afraid to do that, don't you?
You know that I'm not coming back, don't you?
You know that I'm not coming back, right?
You know that I'm not eager to do that, don't you?
You know that I'm not good with secrets.
You know that I'm not likely to do that, don't you?
You know that I'm not supposed to do that anymore, don't you?
You know that I'm not supposed to do that, don't you?
You know that I'm not supposed to help Tom do that, don't you?
You know that I'm older than you are.
You know that I'm right.
You know that I'm still planning on doing that, don't you?
You know that I'm still planning on going, don't you?
You know that I'm still planning on joining the team, don't you?
You know that I'm still planning to do that, don't you?
You know that I'm still planning to go, don't you?
You know that I'm still planning to join the team, don't you?
You know that I'm supposed to be doing that today, don't you?
You know that I'm supposed to do that today, don't you?
You know that I'm supposed to do that tomorrow, don't you?
You know that I'm supposed to do that, don't you?
You know that I'm telling the truth.
You know that I'm very stubborn.
You know that I'm willing to try this.
You know that I'm wrong.
You know that I've changed my mind, don't you?
You know that I've never done that, don't you?
You know that Jamal and Sarah don't get along with each other.
You know that Rima is a slut.
You know that Tom and I aren't going to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom and I don't get along very well, don't you?
You know that Tom and John are both in love with you, don't you?
You know that Tom and Mary are still planning on doing that, don't you?
You know that Tom and Mary are still planning on going, don't you?
You know that Tom and Mary are still planning to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom and Mary are still planning to go, don't you?
You know that Tom and Mary are the ones who did that, don't you?
You know that Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did that, don't you?
You know that Tom and Mary both want to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom and Mary don't get along with each other, don't you?
You know that Tom and Mary don't know how to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom and Mary have to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom and Mary need to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom and Mary want to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that, don't you?
You know that Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that, don't you?
You know that Tom can't do that as well as I can, don't you?
You know that Tom can't do that as well as Mary can, don't you?
You know that Tom can't do that very well, don't you?
You know that Tom can't do that very well.
You know that Tom can't do that, don't you?
You know that Tom can't do that.
You know that Tom can't speak French very well, don't you?
You know that Tom can't swim very well, don't you?
You know that Tom can't win, don't you?
You know that Tom can't win.
You know that Tom did that, don't you?
You know that Tom didn't do that, don't you?
You know that Tom doesn't have to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom doesn't know how to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom doesn't like that.
You know that Tom doesn't like to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom doesn't like you, don't you?
You know that Tom doesn't need to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom doesn't often do that, don't you?
You know that Tom doesn't trust you.
You know that Tom doesn't understand French, don't you?
You know that Tom doesn't want to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom has a thing for you.
You know that Tom has to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom is a ballet dancer, don't you?
You know that Tom is a barber, don't you?
You know that Tom is a baseball fan, don't you?
You know that Tom is a doctor, don't you?
You know that Tom is a friend of Mary's, don't you?
You know that Tom is a good friend of mine, don't you?
You know that Tom is afraid to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom is determined to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom is different.
You know that Tom is in love with you, don't you?
You know that Tom is in the hospital, don't you?
You know that Tom is lying.
You know that Tom is not afraid to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom is not eager to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom is not likely to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom is still a bachelor, don't you?
You know that Tom is still in love with you, don't you?
You know that Tom is still living with his parents, don't you?
You know that Tom is still planning on doing that, don't you?
You know that Tom is still planning on going, don't you?
You know that Tom is still planning on joining the team, don't you?
You know that Tom is still planning to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom is still planning to go, don't you?
You know that Tom is still planning to join the team, don't you?
You know that Tom is still planning to move to Boston, don't you?
You know that Tom is telling the truth.
You know that Tom is the one who did that, don't you?
You know that Tom is very unlikely to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom isn't a barber, don't you?
You know that Tom isn't going to let you get away.
You know that Tom isn't going to let you leave.
You know that Tom isn't likely to do that today, don't you?
You know that Tom isn't supposed to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom isn't the one who did that, don't you?
You know that Tom likes Boston.
You know that Tom likes Mary, don't you?
You know that Tom likes Mary.
You know that Tom likes baseball.
You know that Tom likes beer.
You know that Tom likes cars.
You know that Tom likes oranges.
You know that Tom likes to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom lives alone, don't you?
You know that Tom loves you, don't you?
You know that Tom needs to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom no longer has to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom really likes you.
You know that Tom should do that, don't you?
You know that Tom shouldn't be doing that by himself, don't you?
You know that Tom shouldn't be doing that, don't you?
You know that Tom shouldn't do that, don't you?
You know that Tom used to live in Australia, don't you?
You know that Tom used to live in Boston, don't you?
You know that Tom wants to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom wants to help, don't you?
You know that Tom wants to help.
You know that Tom was right.
You know that Tom was the one who did that, don't you?
You know that Tom wasn't supposed to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom wasn't the one who did that, don't you?
You know that Tom will never let you live this down, don't you?
You know that Tom will try to stop us.
You know that Tom won't be able to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom won't do that, don't you?
You know that Tom won't win, don't you?
You know that Yanni won't do that.
You know that a marriage isn't always goody-goody, happy.
You know that as well as I do.
You know that best yourself.
You know that better than I do.
You know that better than me.
You know that book.
You know that both Tom and John are in love with you, don't you?
You know that both Tom and Mary want to do that, don't you?
You know that eventually everybody's going to know about this.
You know that eventually everyone's going to know about this.
You know that feeling?
You know that he can't paint.
You know that he can't speak.
You know that in the city of Paris, 28 bastards are registered for every 100 births.
You know that isn't likely to happen, don't you?
You know that isn't possible, don't you?
You know that isn't right, don't you?
You know that isn't right.
You know that isn't the case.
You know that isn't true, don't you?
You know that isn't true.
You know that it is not important.
You know that it is your duty.
You know that it's your duty.
You know that it’s our duty.
You know that once you are inside, you will never be able to get out.
You know that once you're inside, you'll never be able to get out.
You know that person's name, don't you?
You know that person's name, right?
You know that she can cook.
You know that she can sew.
You know that she can't cook.
You know that she can't sing.
You know that she can't sleep.
You know that that is the cry of the prophets.
You know that that isn't going to happen, don't you?
You know that that isn't likely to happen, don't you?
You know that that isn't possible, don't you?
You know that that isn't possible.
You know that that isn't right, don't you?
You know that that isn't right.
You know that that isn't true, don't you?
You know that that isn't true.
You know that that was our duty.
You know that that won't be possible.
You know that that's a big part of it.
You know that that's a lie, don't you?
You know that that's a lie.
You know that that's got to be done today, don't you?
You know that that's impossible, don't you?
You know that that's impossible.
You know that that's just wrong.
You know that that's not going to happen, don't you?
You know that that's not possible, don't you?
You know that that's not possible.
You know that that's not right, don't you?
You know that that's not right.
You know that that's not true, don't you?
You know that that's not true.
You know that that's the truth.
You know that that's what's going to happen.
You know that that's where Tom sits, don't you?
You know that that's wrong, right?
You know that that's your duty.
You know that the only reason we stand here tonight is because men and women from both of our nations came together to work, and struggle, and sacrifice for that better life.
You know that they can't dance.
You know that they can't write.
You know that they won't allow you to do that, don't you?
You know that they won't allow you to sing, don't you?
You know that they won't let you do that, don't you?
You know that they won't permit you to do that, don't you?
You know that this is my favorite towel.
You know that two nations are at war about a few acres of snow somewhere around Canada, and that they are spending on this beautiful war more than the whole of Canada is worth.
You know that wasn't what I meant.
You know that we are here.
You know that we can't juggle.
You know that we can't sing.
You know that we cannot stop talking about scientific matters just because some uneducated women are afraid.
You know that we don't have much time right now.
You know that we have to do that before noon, don't you?
You know that we lost.
You know that we won, don't you?
You know that we won.
You know that we're here.
You know that we're of different races.
You know that woman is not just Caucasian.
You know that women like to talk about themselves.
You know that won't be possible.
You know that you aren't supposed to be doing that here, don't you?
You know that you aren't supposed to be doing that, don't you?
You know that you aren't supposed to be here, don't you?
You know that you can always count on Tom.
You know that you can always count on me.
You know that you can count on me.
You know that you can talk to me.
You know that you can tell me anything, right?
You know that you can tell me if something's going on, right?
You know that you can trust me.
You know that you can't do that here, don't you?
You know that you can't do that here.
You know that you did the right thing.
You know that you don't have to do that, don't you?
You know that you don't have to do that.
You know that you don't have to do this, Tom.
You know that you don't have to do this, don't you?
You know that you don't have to do this.
You know that you don't have to go.
You know that you don't mean that.
You know that you don't need to do that, don't you?
You know that you don't need to do that.
You know that you don't really mean that.
You know that you don't want to do that, don't you?
You know that you have lost everything.
You know that you have to do that, don't you?
You know that you need it.
You know that you need to do that, don't you?
You know that you should do that, don't you?
You know that you shouldn't do that, don't you?
You know that you want it to happen as much as I do.
You know that you were right.
You know that you're beautiful, don't you?
You know that you're getting old when you have to explain to a Greek who Melina Mercouri was.
You know that you're not supposed to be doing that, don't you?
You know that you're not supposed to be here, don't you?
You know that you're right, don't you?
You know that you're very pretty, don't you?
You know that you've been unfair with me, right?
You know that your English is good when people stop complimenting you on how good your English is.
You know that your French is good when people stop complimenting you on how good your French is.
You know that's a big part of it.
You know that's a lie, don't you?
You know that's a lie.
You know that's got to be done today, don't you?
You know that's impossible, don't you?
You know that's impossible.
You know that's just wrong.
You know that's not going to happen, don't you?
You know that's not possible, don't you?
You know that's not possible.
You know that's not right, don't you?
You know that's not right.
You know that's not the way things are.
You know that's not true, don't you?
You know that's not true.
You know that's the truth.
You know that's what's going to happen.
You know that's where Tom sits, don't you?
You know that's wrong, right?
You know that's your duty.
You know that, don't you?
You know that, too.
You know that.
You know the address?
You know the answer?
You know the combination.
You know the deal.
You know the dentist recommends brushing twice a day, right?
You know the difference between these, don't you?
You know the difference.
You know the drill.
You know the law.
You know the old lady who lives on the second floor?
You know the one I'm talking about, right?
You know the phrase, we reap what we sow. I have sown the wind and this is my storm.
You know the place.
You know the procedure, don't you?
You know the reason as well as I do.
You know the rest of the story.
You know the rest.
You know the results already, don't you?
You know the ritual.
You know the rule, buddy. Hands must be washed before touching your face.
You know the rules.
You know the score as well as I do.
You know the story.
You know the trouble with you, Tom, you're just stupid.
You know the value of a home only when you no longer have one.
You know the way, don't you?
You know the way.
You know them, I think.
You know them, don't you?
You know there are some people, like Matthew and Mrs. Allan that you can love right off without any trouble. And there are others, like Mrs. Lynde, that you have to try very hard to love.
You know there's no way I can do that without some help, don't you?
You know there's no way I can do that, don't you?
You know they won't allow you to do that, don't you?
You know they won't allow you to do that, right?
You know they won't allow you to sing, don't you?
You know they won't allow you to sing, right?
You know they won't let you do that, don't you?
You know they won't permit you to do that, don't you?
You know they won't permit you to do that, right?
You know they're born brown, right?
You know things are bad when they call Tom in to help.
You know this is a mistake.
You know this is different.
You know this is illegal, don't you?
You know this is nonsense.
You know this is what I want.
You know this is wrong.
You know this is your responsibility.
You know this isn't fair.
You know this isn't necessary.
You know this isn't the way I want things to be.
You know this isn't the way we should be doing this.
You know this isn't where I want to be.
You know this old lady that lives on second floor?
You know this song, don't you?
You know this textbook is made of recycled paper.
You know this valley as well as anybody.
You know this valley as well as anyone.
You know this woman's child.
You know this.
You know those guys, don't you?
You know those ladies who just got off the train?
You know times have changed when rivals like Hitachi and NEC get together.
You know timing is important, right?
You know too much about me.
You know too much for your own good.
You know too much.
You know very well I don't like being interrupted when I talk.
You know very well I don't like soup.
You know very well I'm right.
You know very well how it happened.
You know very well how much you mean to me.
You know very well that I am not really angry.
You know very well that I'm awake.
You know very well that I'm right.
You know very well that she's no saint.
You know very well that storms and cranes don't mix.
You know very well that they don't want to, and won't, listen to you. Why preach to deaf ears?
You know very well that you're not leaving this room alive if you don't tell me the truth.
You know very well the world doesn't revolve around you.
You know very well what I mean.
You know very well what I think.
You know very well what I want to say.
You know very well what I want.
You know very well what I'm talking about.
You know very well what I'm trying to say.
You know very well what Tom and Mary want.
You know very well what Tom wants.
You know very well what she wants.
You know very well who I mean.
You know way too much about me.
You know we aren't going to do that, don't you?
You know we aren't supposed to do that, don't you?
You know we believe in them.
You know we believe in you.
You know we can't discuss that.
You know we can't do it.
You know we can't do that very well.
You know we can't do that, don't you?
You know we can't do that.
You know we can't trust the police.
You know we care about you.
You know we didn't do this.
You know we don't have much time right now.
You know we don't have to do that.
You know we don't need that.
You know we don't need to do that.
You know we don't need to go there today, right?
You know we got lost.
You know we have to do that before noon, don't you?
You know we love you.
You know we owe Tom a lot.
You know we owe her a lot.
You know we owe him a lot.
You know we owe them a lot.
You know we weren't supposed to do that, don't you?
You know we'd never hurt you.
You know we're here.
You know well that I speak Esperanto.
You know well that your arguments aren't legitimate.
You know what Fadil is capable of.
You know what I am talking about.
You know what I find strange?
You know what I found out?
You know what I found.
You know what I hate? I hate spiders.
You know what I just realized?
You know what I like about you?
You know what I like.
You know what I love about you?
You know what I mean, don't you?
You know what I mean, right?
You know what I mean.
You know what I mean?
You know what I meant.
You know what I need.
You know what I think about it.
You know what I think of that.
You know what I think we should do.
You know what I think, right?
You know what I think.
You know what I think?
You know what I want and how I like it.
You know what I want to hear.
You know what I want you to do.
You know what I want you to say.
You know what I want, don't you?
You know what I want.
You know what I'd like to see?
You know what I'm asking.
You know what I'm doing.
You know what I'm going to do, don't you?
You know what I'm going to do? Nothing.
You know what I'm going to say, don't you?
You know what I'm going to say.
You know what I'm gonna do?
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm talking about, don't you?
You know what I'm talking about.
You know what I'm trying to say.
You know what Sami is capable of, don't you?
You know what Tom and Mary are capable of, don't you?
You know what Tom and Mary are capable of, right?
You know what Tom and Mary are going to do, don't you?
You know what Tom and Mary want, don't you?
You know what Tom and Mary want.
You know what Tom can do, don't you?
You know what Tom did, don't you?
You know what Tom did.
You know what Tom is capable of, don't you?
You know what Tom is capable of, right?
You know what Tom is going to do, don't you?
You know what Tom is like.
You know what Tom likes, right?
You know what Tom said about Mary, don't you?
You know what Tom said, don't you?
You know what Tom wants, don't you?
You know what Tom wants.
You know what Tom will do, don't you?
You know what Tom's answer is going to be.
You know what Tom, I think you should get the hell out, as you've been nothing but a nuisance to everyone!
You know what Ziri is capable of.
You know what a sharp tongue she has!
You know what abundance of cheating there is with our countrymen among those who sell or let out horses.
You know what actresses are like.
You know what awaits you.
You know what drives me crazy?
You know what else, Tom?
You know what else? My daughter wants a pony and my husband wants a yacht.
You know what fast food is, don't you?
You know what happened here, don't you?
You know what happened to Algeria when an Islamist party won the legislative elections in 1991.
You know what happened to Tom, don't you?
You know what happened, don't you?
You know what happened.
You know what happened?
You know what happens next, don't you?
You know what happens to that Republican who listens to the scientists? On that day, that Republican loses his campaign funding from the Koch brothers and the fossil fuel industry.
You know what happens when Ziri tries to help us.
You know what he bought us.
You know what he said?
You know what he's like.
You know what his problem is?
You know what it is to have a roof over your head only when you no longer have one.
You know what it is, don't you?
You know what it is.
You know what it is? Yes, jury duty, got a summons in the mail.
You know what it means to have a roof over your head only when it's gone.
You know what it means.
You know what it's like.
You know what kind of person Tom is, right?
You know what men have been talking to each other about since the world began?
You know what might happen, don't you?
You know what my idiot son's doing? Even now he's graduated from university he spends all his time playing pachinko instead of getting a job.
You know what my idiot son’s doing? Even now he’s graduated from university he spends all his time playing pachinko instead of getting a job.
You know what my opinion is.
You know what my opinion of that is.
You know what needs to be done, don't you?
You know what needs to be done.
You know what our instructions are.
You know what she said to me?
You know what she's like.
You know what song I want to sing.
You know what strings to pull.
You know what that means, Ziri.
You know what that means.
You know what that tells me?
You know what the best part of it is?
You know what the law of the boomerang is?
You know what the main difference is between you and me?
You know what the problem is with you Westerners?
You know what the situation is, don't you?
You know what the situation is. What do you recommend we do?
You know what they can do, don't you?
You know what they say about Mary.
You know what they say about Tom.
You know what they say about guys with big feet...
You know what they say on the Internet, dad: only a poor soul that's never watched the ponies doesn't like them!
You know what they say, brush for two minutes every time.
You know what they say.
You know what they say: long nose, long cock.
You know what they want.
You know what this is, don't you?
You know what this is?
You know what this shirt is made of?
You know what to do with that, don't you?
You know what to do, don't you?
You know what to do.
You know what to expect, don't you?
You know what to omit, don't you?
You know what tonight is.
You know what we forgot?
You know what we lost.
You know what we need, don't you?
You know what we want.
You know what we won?
You know what we've lost, don't you?
You know what would happen if Ziri finds out the truth.
You know what would happen to your career if this gets out.
You know what you did.
You know what you have to do now.
You know what you have to do, don't you?
You know what you have to do.
You know what you know!
You know what you must do, right?
You know what you must do.
You know what you need to do.
You know what you said.
You know what you should do, don't you?
You know what you want.
You know what you'd be really good at? Lecturing.
You know what you're doing, I hope.
You know what you're doing.
You know what you're missing? Perseverance and motivation.
You know what your problem is? You have a major sense of entitlement.
You know what your real problem is, Fadil?
You know what'll happen after twenty, thirty or fifty years?
You know what'll happen if I do that, don't you?
You know what'll happen if you ever try anything like that again.
You know what's about to happen, right?
You know what's at stake, don't you?
You know what's even worse? Acting like I'm invisible, as if our relationship meant nothing.
You know what's going on, don't you?
You know what's going to happen if you do that, don't you?
You know what's going to happen tonight, don't you?
You know what's going to happen, don't you?
You know what's happening in this country.
You know what's happening today, right?
You know what's happening, don't you?
You know what's wrong with you?
You know what's wrong, don't you?
You know what, I'll take a look.
You know what, Tom, how about you drive?
You know what, Tom, you may be right.
You know what, Tom, you're right.
You know what, forget about it.
You know what?
You know what? Forget it!
You know what? Forget it! I'll just do it myself.
You know what? Forget it! I'll just go by myself.
You know what? Forget it. I changed my mind.
You know what? I don't need the money.
You know what? I'm going to accept Islam.
You know what? You should at least think about it.
You know what? You're beautiful.
You know what? You're sneaky.
You know where I am.
You know where I live.
You know where I work.
You know where I'll be.
You know where I'm going.
You know where I've been.
You know where Tom and Mary are, don't you?
You know where Tom and Mary are.
You know where Tom and Mary live, don't you?
You know where Tom is, don't you?
You know where Tom is.
You know where Tom lives, don't you?
You know where everything is, right?
You know where everything is.
You know where it is, don't you?
You know where the problem is.
You know where the problem lies.
You know where the sources of water are.
You know where to find it, don't you?
You know where to find me if you need anything.
You know where to find me if you need me.
You know where to find me if you want to talk.
You know where to find me.
You know where to find us.
You know where to go!
You know where to reach me if you have any problems.
You know where we are?
You know where you find me if you need me.
You know where.
You know who I am, don't you?
You know who I am.
You know who I came to see.
You know who I mean.
You know who I'm talking about, right?
You know who I'm talking about.
You know who Mary is, don't you?
You know who Tom and Mary are, don't you?
You know who Tom is, don't you?
You know who Tom's French teacher is, don't you?
You know who Tom's father is, don't you?
You know who Tom's girlfriend is, don't you?
You know who did it, don't you?
You know who did that, don't you?
You know who he is.
You know who he is?
You know who it is.
You know who she is.
You know who she is?
You know who that guy is, don't you?
You know who that is, don't you?
You know who that is.
You know who they are, don't you?
You know who they are, right?
You know who they are.
You know who we are, don't you?
You know who we are.
You know why I didn't do that, don't you?
You know why I didn't want to do that, don't you?
You know why I do that, don't you?
You know why I don't have to do that, don't you?
You know why I don't need to do that, don't you?
You know why I had to do that, don't you?
You know why I have to do that, don't you?
You know why I left.
You know why I need to do that, don't you?
You know why I needed to do that, don't you?
You know why I was supposed to do that, don't you?
You know why I wasn't supposed to do that, don't you?
You know why I'm angry, don't you?
You know why I'm here today, don't you?
You know why I'm here today.
You know why I'm here, don't you?
You know why I'm here, right?
You know why I'm here.
You know why I'm not supposed to do that, don't you?
You know why I'm supposed to do that, don't you?
You know why Tom and I are here, don't you?
You know why Tom and Mary are doing that, don't you?
You know why Tom and Mary don't want to do that, don't you?
You know why Tom and Mary have to do that, don't you?
You know why Tom and Mary want to do that, don't you?
You know why Tom did that, don't you?
You know why Tom didn't do that, don't you?
You know why Tom doesn't want to do that, don't you?
You know why Tom has to do that, don't you?
You know why Tom is doing that, don't you?
You know why Tom wanted to do that, don't you?
You know why Tom wants to do that, don't you?
You know why she wears a hat, don't you?
You know why that happened, don't you?
You know why we're here, don't you?
You know why we're here.
You know why your parents are like that, don't you?
You know why!
You know why, don't you?
You know why.
You know you aren't supposed to be doing that here, don't you?
You know you aren't supposed to be doing that, don't you?
You know you aren't supposed to be here, don't you?
You know you can always count on Tom.
You know you can always count on me.
You know you can count on me.
You know you can talk to me.
You know you can tell me anything, right?
You know you can trust me.
You know you can't do that here, don't you?
You know you can't do that here.
You know you can't do that.
You know you did the right thing.
You know you don't have to do that, don't you?
You know you don't have to do this, Tom.
You know you don't have to do this, don't you?
You know you don't have to do this.
You know you don't have to leave if you don't want to.
You know you don't mean that.
You know you don't need to do that, don't you?
You know you don't really mean that.
You know you don't want to do that, don't you?
You know you have a problem when you light up a cigarette while you already have one lit in the ashtray.
You know you have to do that, don't you?
You know you have to do that, right?
You know you have to go back.
You know you have to go get her.
You know you like me. So why not go out with me?
You know you love it.
You know you need it.
You know you need to do that, don't you?
You know you need to do that, right?
You know you should chew thoroughly and then eat!
You know you should chew thoroughly and then swallow!
You know you should chew your food thoroughly before eating!
You know you should chew your food thoroughly before swallowing!
You know you should do that, don't you?
You know you shouldn't do that, don't you?
You know you want it to happen as much as I do.
You know you want it!
You know you were right.
You know you were wrong.
You know you're all the world to me.
You know you're beautiful, don't you?
You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.
You know you're in a credit crunch when the federal government cuts spending to unemployment.
You know you're in pathetic shape when you can't even do one chin-up.
You know you're interested.
You know you're messing up and you're going to hell.
You know you're my everything.
You know you're not allowed to be here, don't you?
You know you're not allowed to be here. Leave!
You know you're not supposed to be doing that, don't you?
You know you're not supposed to be here, don't you?
You know you're not supposed to be here.
You know you're old when you spend your Friday evenings alone in your flat drinking red wine and listening to Chopin.
You know you're right, don't you?
You know you're very pretty, don't you?
You know you're wanted.
You know you've hit the big time when you get parodied on The Simpsons.
You know you've really mastered a foreign language when you can write a decent poem in it.
You know your French is good when people stop complimenting you on how good your French is.
You know your old once students less and less choose you as their mentor.
You know your onions, don't you?
You know your onions.
You know your post was true if Facebook deleted it.
You know your rights.
You know your stuff.
You know yourself best.
You know you’re in pathetic shape when you can’t even do one chin-up.
You know you’ve really mastered a foreign language when you can write a decent poem in it.
You know!
You know, Fadil, Sami heard Yanni told Tom not to trust Mary, because she had fooled Skura.
You know, I came across him in the street the other day, we stopped to chat.
You know, I don't really feel like going there.
You know, I don't want to kill you.
You know, I don't want to tell that same story again right now.
You know, I had a lot of fun.
You know, I like how you talk.
You know, I might just do that.
You know, I only love you.
You know, I think I learnt a valuable lesson today.
You know, I think I've gone my whole life without observing a single person's karyotype.
You know, I think that Tom really liked you.
You know, I think that Tom really likes you.
You know, I think that we're wasting our time here.
You know, I thought it over and finally decided not to accept his proposal.
You know, I won't live forever.
You know, I'm actually glad Tom called.
You know, I'm very sensitive about this topic.
You know, I've had an idea...
You know, I've never been to your house.
You know, I've never seen you with a guy before.
You know, I’ve never seen you with a guy before.
You know, Saito got drunk last night and yelled "I'm sober!" right in the middle of town.
You know, Tom, I didn't appreciate you hitting on her after I specifically told you I was interested in her.
You know, Tom, Mary thought the world of you.
You know, Tom, that's exactly what I was thinking.
You know, Tom, that's really a vile thing!
You know, Tom, you need to work on being more assertive. You can't keep bending over backwards for everyone who talks to you.
You know, Tom, you're a real idiot.
You know, Tom, you've changed a lot.
You know, and he doesn't.
You know, anywhere where there’s sharks, people are at potential risk, and I think this technique, if it’s well-known, could potentially be a lifesaver.
You know, at this very moment you reminded me of your father.
You know, don't you?
You know, every time you leave the lights on, it adds up to our energy bill.
You know, everything was so colourful.
You know, he's been scraping by ever since he lost his job.
You know, he's really - how do I put it - unique, isn't he?
You know, in general, it's all fucked up here.
You know, it's certainly a difficult problem.
You know, it's certainly a difficult question.
You know, it's funny, sometimes American journalists talk about how bad a country is, that people are lining up for food. That is a good thing! In other countries people don't line up for food: the rich get the food and the poor starve to death.
You know, it's weird: I don't think I've ever met Tom.
You know, just to see if you're interested.
You know, many a man realizes late in life that if when he was a boy he had known what he knows now, instead of being what he is he might be what he won't; but how few boys stop to think that if they knew what they don't know instead of being what they will be, they wouldn't be?
You know, maybe we should buy a computer instead.
You know, money is just paper, and that is a real car.
You know, my faith is one that admits some doubt.
You know, now that you make me think about it, I really think it wasn't the first time we'd met.
You know, of course, that you have exactly two hundred and seventy thousand hairs?
You know, rather than being all alone, being a couple is more fun.
You know, she's holed up in her house.
You know, since he lost his job, he's barely been getting by.
You know, society is unfair, isn't it?
You know, sometimes you need to hear it.
You know, success isn't everything.
You know, that store's accessories are very expensive.
You know, that's interesting.
You know, the ones where you skewer some marshmallows and roast them. I don't know what they're called but they're really good. Let's try roasting some at my place sometime, too.
You know, there are actually too many languages.
You know, there are more and more old people.
You know, there probably is some truth to that.
You know, this isn't half bad.
You know, we could still make it happen if we wanted to.
You know, we've been watching you.
You know, when that guy drinks he changes. He keeps talking on and on, so I don't really want to drink with him.
You know, you are nothing to me now, Mary!
You know, you could do more to help out around the house.
You know, you don't have to take everything so negatively.
You know, you have a bald head!
You know, you have beautiful eyes.
You know, you made me cry.
You know, you must consider the other parties’ feelings before you speak!
You know, you're always in my heart.
You know.
You know?
You lack attitude.
You lack confidence.
You lack decisiveness, Tom.
You lack empathy.
You lack imagination.
You lack motivation.
You lack remorse.
You lack self-confidence.
You lack sincerity for her.
You lack the courage to confront him.
You lack the most important thing at your age, which is love.
You lacked confidence in yourself.
You landed on the Moon.
You landed.
You laugh too much!
You laugh your head off every time you see that stupid commercial.
You laugh, you lose.
You laughed for nothing, for I was right.
You lead a very complicated life, don't you?
You lead me into temptation!
You lead the way and I will follow you.
You lead the way and I'll follow you.
You lead the way.
You lead. I'll follow you.
You lean on your parents too much. You must be more independent.
You learn English because you have to, Esperanto because you want to.
You learn English to make money and Esperanto to make friends.
You learn English.
You learn a lot about people when you play games with them.
You learn a lot about your own country if you live abroad.
You learn a lot about yourself when you do something like that.
You learn a lot because you pay attention.
You learn a lot by trying to solve chess problems - for example, how in a given position white will checkmate in three moves.
You learn a lot from the comments made in Tatoeba about mistakes made in some sentences.
You learn a lot when it's never your turn to talk.
You learn and you change through suffering.
You learn as long as you live.
You learn best when doing things you like.
You learn by doing.
You learn fast.
You learn from your mistakes.
You learn it in childhood.
You learn more from a lost game than from a hundred won.
You learn more from trying to repair a TV than from watching one.
You learn more with your ears than with your eyes.
You learn quickly.
You learn something every day.
You learn something new every day.
You learn to appreciate your health when you are ill.
You learn, too!
You learned English from Miss Long, didn't you?
You learned English from Miss Long, didn’t you?
You learned a lot, didn't you?
You learned all of this in three months?
You learned from the best.
You learned how to do that from Tom, didn't you?
You learned nothing at school.
You learned quickly.
You learned their language, but really neither their culture nor their spirituality.
You learned to dive when you were five, didn't you?
You learned to drive a car when you were young.
You learned two thousand English words by heart.
You learned.
You learnt nothing at school.
You leave Skura alone!
You leave because of me.
You leave me little choice.
You leave me no alternative but alert the authorities.
You leave me no alternative.
You leave me no choice in the matter.
You leave me no choice.
You leave that girl alone.
You leave wet towels on the bathroom floor. It's unhygienic and gross!
You leave.
You led.
You left a window open.
You left and didn't say goodbye to me.
You left immediately.
You left me almost nothing.
You left me alone.
You left me gobsmacked.
You left me in an unfamiliar place.
You left me in despair.
You left me in the shit.
You left me last night.
You left me no choice.
You left me speechless.
You left me standing alone here on this road a long, long time ago.
You left me to my own devices.
You left me with no choice.
You left me without a job.
You left me.
You left one of the windows open.
You left the TV on when you left this morning.
You left the TV on.
You left the bar last night just when I was about to buy everyone another round.
You left the bathroom light on.
You left the biscuits in the oven too long.
You left the building at about 6 p.m., didn't you?
You left the cake in the oven too long.
You left the car headlights on.
You left the computer on, but is that okay?
You left the cookies in the oven too long.
You left the dishes in the sink again! This is getting ridiculous!
You left the door ajar, please close it.
You left the door open, that's why so much cold is coming into the room.
You left the door open.
You left the door open?
You left the fridge open.
You left the house without my permission and now you deserve to be punished.
You left the iron on.
You left the iron switched on.
You left the keys inside the locked car!
You left the kitchen light on.
You left the light on in the kitchen.
You left the light on.
You left the lights on.
You left the refrigerator door open.
You left the refrigerator open!
You left the refrigerator open.
You left the seat up.
You left the window open while it rained, now the whole room is wet.
You left the window open.
You left this, didn't you?
You left us almost nothing.
You left us no choice.
You left us, mate.
You left with empty hands.
You left without me.
You left your car on this street.
You left your clothes there on the floor again! Put them away properly!
You left your country.
You left your daughter by herself, your heart is made of stone.
You left your hat on the table.
You left your headlights on.
You left your job to the others to do.
You left your keys in the door.
You left your lights on.
You left your office door open.
You left your son with his father.
You left your swimsuit and towel.
You left your towel.
You left your umbrella on the bus.
You left your umbrellas on the bus.
You left your watch on your dresser. I saw it there this morning while I was moving the blankets.
You left your wife, didn't you?
You left your wives, didn't you?
You left your wives.
You left.
You lent a book.
You lent it to him.
You lent it to me.
You lent me your shoulder for support.
You lent out a book.
You let Tom do that, didn't you?
You let Tom down.
You let Tom get away.
You let Tom win, didn't you?
You let everyone down.
You let her down.
You let her get away.
You let her slip away.
You let him die.
You let him down.
You let him get away.
You let me down, Tom.
You let me down.
You let me worry about that, OK?
You let me worry about that.
You let them down.
You let them get away.
You let us down.
You let us worry about that.
You let your cattle loose and let them graze.
You let your country down.
You let yourself be pampered by your parents.
You let yourself go.
You licked his penis.
You licked the spoon.
You lie down.
You lie like a rug.
You lie to me all the time.
You lie.
You lied about kissing Tom, didn't you?
You lied about taking the money, didn't you?
You lied to Mina.
You lied to Tom and me.
You lied to Tom, didn't you?
You lied to Tom.
You lied to her!
You lied to her.
You lied to him!
You lied to him.
You lied to me about Tom.
You lied to me again.
You lied to me before. Why should I trust you now?
You lied to me!
You lied to me! You said you'd leave the money in the box, but it's empty!
You lied to me, Tom.
You lied to me, didn't you?
You lied to me, didn’t you?
You lied to me.
You lied to me?
You lied to my face.
You lied to the FBI.
You lied to the police, didn't you?
You lied to the police.
You lied to us!
You lied to us, didn't you?
You lied to us.
You like Australia, don't you?
You like Bob more than Tom.
You like Boston, don't you?
You like Chinese food.
You like English because you think that their rock, pop, and rap are cool.
You like English, don't you?
You like English, don’t you?
You like French, don't you?
You like Kawaguchi.
You like Mary, don't you?
You like Tom a lot, don't you?
You like Tom, don't you?
You like a language that reminds you of your own?
You like a tiger.
You like all vegetables except cabbage, don't you?
You like an elephant.
You like animals.
You like anyone who buys you a beer.
You like apples, don't you?
You like apples.
You like arguing with me, don't you?
You like balls.
You like baseball?
You like beans, don't you?
You like beans.
You like being sad. I think it's really part of your culture.
You like being unlikeable.
You like camping, don't you?
You like cats, don't you?
You like cheese, don't you?
You like chess, don't you?
You like chili, don't you?
You like chocolate, don't you?
You like chocolate, right?
You like classical music, don't you?
You like classical music, don’t you?
You like coffee best.
You like coffee, don't you?
You like comics, don't you?
You like cooking, don't you?
You like doing that, don't you?
You like drawing, don't you?
You like elephants.
You like every boy.
You like everyone.
You like fish, don't you?
You like fishing, don't you?
You like football, don't you?
You like fruit, don't you?
You like fruit.
You like girls, don't you?
You like girls.
You like going for walks, don't you?
You like going for walks, right?
You like greenery.
You like her a lot, don't you?
You like her and she likes you.
You like her, don't you?
You like her, don’t you?
You like her.
You like him and he likes you.
You like him, don't you?
You like him, don’t you?
You like him.
You like hockey, don't you?
You like horse-riding.
You like horses, don't you?
You like hunting, don't you?
You like hurting people.
You like it here, don't you?
You like it, don't you?
You like it, don’t you?
You like it, huh?
You like it.
You like it?
You like jazz, don't you?
You like jazz?
You like laying on the grass.
You like lobster, don't you?
You like looking through the window.
You like me, don't you?
You like me.
You like men with black hair and olive skin. They are uncommon where you live.
You like music, don't you?
You like music.
You like my father, don't you?
You like my old man, don't you?
You like nobody and nobody likes you.
You like older women, don't you?
You like olives, don't you?
You like oranges, don't you?
You like peanut butter, don't you?
You like pizza, don't you?
You like putting me to sleep don't you?
You like rain, don't you?
You like rain, don’t you?
You like reading English literature, don't you?
You like red wine, don't you?
You like reggae, don't you?
You like seafood, don't you?
You like singing, don't you?
You like sleeping.
You like snow, don't you?
You like soccer, don't you?
You like sports, don't you?
You like stories, don't you?
You like stories, right?
You like surfing, don't you?
You like swimming.
You like taking your time, don't you?
You like taking your time.
You like tennis, don't you?
You like that coat very much, don't you?
You like that, don't you?
You like the chocolate ones, right?
You like the color of your room.
You like the extreme cold of Alaska, don't you?
You like the rain, don't you?
You like the slightly sour chocolates, don't you?
You like the way Tom and Mary do that, don't you?
You like the way Tom did that, don't you?
You like the way Tom does that, don't you?
You like them.
You like this poem a lot.
You like tigers.
You like to bowl, don't you?
You like to chop wood.
You like to cook, don't you?
You like to distinguish work from play.
You like to do that, don't you?
You like to draw, don't you?
You like to feel cash with your fingers, so you think money's more real.
You like to fish, don't you?
You like to give us orders.
You like to hunt, don't you?
You like to hurt people.
You like to hurt to the people.
You like to learn English because you think the Anglosphere is younger than your own culture. Is it a false impression?
You like to look through the window.
You like to observe birds, don't you?
You like to read books, don't you?
You like to sing, don't you?
You like to sing?
You like to swim.
You like to take pictures, don't you?
You like to talk about architecture, don't you?
You like to travel, don't you?
You like to walk barefoot?
You like to watch TV.
You like traveling, don't you?
You like ugly people.
You like watches, don't you?
You like watching TV, don't you?
You like watching TV.
You like watching airplanes take off, don't you?
You like watching television.
You like watching telly.
You like wearing the jacket he gave you, don't you?
You like wine very much, don't you?
You like wine.
You like winning, don't you?
You like women with black hair and olive skin. They are uncommon where you live.
You like your Kabyle language.
You like your job, don't you?
You like your life, don't you?
You liked chocolate.
You liked it before. Why don't you like it now?
You liked that game.
You liked that movie, didn't you?
You liked that, didn't you?
You liked the wine.
You liked this game.
You liked to swim.
You liked wine.
You limped.
You listen more to what this charlatan says than to what the doctor says.
You listen more to what this quack says than what the doctor says.
You listen to me.
You listen without judgment, making me feel heard.
You listened to your mother.
You listened.
You lit candles in your room.
You lit some candles in your room.
You lit the candles.
You little box of secrets! You didn't tell me you lived in Paris as well!
You little brat!
You little bugger!
You little demon!
You little devil!
You little rascal!
You little runt!
You little shit!
You little snot!
You little thief!
You live a new life for every new language you speak. If you know only one language, you live only once.
You live across the street, don't you?
You live alone, don't you?
You live and learn.
You live and learn. Or you don't live long.
You live around here, don't you?
You live beyond your means.
You live far from the airport.
You live for but a day, a mere blink of the eye in the sands of time.
You live freely if you don't have a reputation to lose.
You live freely if you haven't a reputation to lose.
You live freely if you haven’t a reputation to lose.
You live here alone, don't you?
You live here in Boston, don't you?
You live here in a quite secluded place.
You live here with a constant perception that something may happen at any time.
You live here, don't you?
You live here.
You live in Argentina, use "vos" when talking to us.
You live in Belfast.
You live in Boston now, don't you?
You live in Boston, don't you?
You live in Cairo.
You live in France.
You live in Japan.
You live in Rome? Me too!
You live in St. Petersburg.
You live in Tizi-Ouzou, Algeria.
You live in Tokyo, don't you?
You live in Tokyo, don’t you?
You live in a big house, don't you?
You live in a big house.
You live in a fantasy world.
You live in a little house.
You live in a nice place.
You live in a rich country and don't know what it's like to go hungry.
You live in a strange town.
You live in an apartment.
You live in constant fear.
You live in my heart.
You live in st. petersburg.
You live in the ghetto of this world.
You live in your left brain too much. Try to use your right brain to be more artistic.
You live inside my heart.
You live near Rima's school.
You live near here, don't you?
You live near me, don't you?
You live near the dike.
You live nearby, don't you?
You live next to somebody I work with.
You live on the sixth floor.
You live outside the city.
You live too far away.
You live very near us.
You live with your parents, right?
You live your way. I'll live mine.
You live, you learn.
You lived alone there.
You lived in Osaka until you were 6 years old.
You loaded the merchandise.
You loaned it to me.
You locked the door, didn't you?
You locked yourself in.
You locked yourself out.
You logged on ?
You look European.
You look Japanese.
You look OK.
You look a bit better today.
You look a bit confused.
You look a bit dazed.
You look a bit down.
You look a bit embarrassed.
You look a bit like Tom.
You look a bit like my brother.
You look a bit nervous.
You look a bit peaky.
You look a bit tense now. Tell me honestly, is there something wrong?
You look a bit tense.
You look a bit tired.
You look a little annoyed.
You look a little better today.
You look a little bit like a girl.
You look a little bit like your brother.
You look a little bit like your father.
You look a little confused.
You look a little depressed.
You look a little disoriented.
You look a little embarrassed.
You look a little flushed.
You look a little green around the gills.
You look a little green.
You look a little groggy.
You look a little like Tom.
You look a little nervous.
You look a little pale.
You look a little sad.
You look a little shaken.
You look a little sleepy.
You look a little tired.
You look a little upset.
You look a little winded.
You look a little worried.
You look a little young to be a dentist.
You look a little young to be a doctor.
You look a little young to be a lawyer.
You look a little young to be a nurse.
You look a little young to be a pharmacist.
You look a little young to be a pilot.
You look a little young to be a priest.
You look a little young to be a professor.
You look a little young to be a rabbi.
You look a little young to be a soldier.
You look a little young to be a teacher.
You look a little young.
You look a lot better today.
You look a lot like Tom.
You look a lot like an old girlfriend of mine.
You look a lot like her, by the way.
You look a lot like mom.
You look a lot like someone I used to know in Australia.
You look a lot like someone I used to know in Boston.
You look a lot like someone I used to know.
You look a lot like someone that I used to know in Boston.
You look a lot like your brother.
You look a lot like your father here.
You look a lot like your father when he was your age.
You look a lot like your father.
You look a lot like your grandfather.
You look a lot like your mother.
You look a lot like your older brother.
You look a lot like your sister.
You look a lot more like your father than your brother does.
You look a lot older than Tom.
You look a lot worse.
You look a lot younger in the picture you uploaded.
You look a lot younger than Tom.
You look a mess.
You look a sorry sight.
You look about thirty years old.
You look absolutely gorgeous in this Kabyle dress.
You look absolutely gorgeous.
You look absolutely hot in this tracksuit.
You look absolutely hot in your gym gear.
You look absolutely smoking hot.
You look absolutely stunning.
You look absolutely wonderful.
You look afraid.
You look after Skura for me.
You look after the children, Tom.
You look alarmed.
You look all spiffy.
You look alluring in blue.
You look almost exactly like your brother.
You look amazing in a Kabyle dress.
You look amazing in green.
You look amazing in that dress.
You look amazing in this Kabyle dress.
You look amazing in this blue Kabyle dress.
You look amazing today.
You look amazing.
You look amused.
You look and say "Why?", but I dream and say "Why not?"
You look angry.
You look annoyed.
You look anxious.
You look anxious. What happened?
You look apprehensive.
You look as beautiful as ever.
You look as healthy as ever.
You look as if it were none of your business.
You look as if you could do with a drink.
You look as if you don't have a care in the world.
You look as if you don’t have a care in the world.
You look as if you had seen a ghost.
You look as if you haven't eaten in days.
You look as if you're about to be sick.
You look as if you're in pain.
You look as if you've lost five kilos.
You look as if you've lost ten pounds.
You look as if you've lost your best friend.
You look as if you've seen a ghost.
You look as pale as a ghost.
You look as though nothing has happened to you.
You look as though you have just lost your best friend.
You look as though you need a drink.
You look as though you need a hug.
You look as though you need help.
You look as though you need it.
You look as though you need some help.
You look as though you need this.
You look as though you're in a good mood.
You look as though you're in pain.
You look as though you've just lost your best friend.
You look as though you've seen a ghost.
You look as white as a ghost.
You look as your father looked thirty years ago.
You look at a beautiful flower.
You look at people with haughty curiosity.
You look at that tree.
You look at your beautiful tulips.
You look awesome!
You look awesome.
You look awful.
You look awful. What happened?
You look awful. What's the matter?
You look awful. What's wrong?
You look awful. You'd better take a sick day.
You look awfully familiar.
You look awfully tired.
You look bad.
You look baffled.
You look beat.
You look beautiful in that dress.
You look beautiful this evening.
You look beautiful to me.
You look beautiful today, by the way.
You look beautiful today.
You look beautiful tonight.
You look beautiful when you sleep.
You look beautiful when you're awake.
You look beautiful! Have you been to the hairdresser?
You look beautiful, Mother.
You look beautiful, even with ruffled hair.
You look beautiful.
You look beautiful. Tom will be stunned when he sees you.
You look better in this dress.
You look better than a lot of other women here.
You look better this week.
You look better today.
You look better with a beard.
You look better with a moustache.
You look better with short hair.
You look better with your hair down.
You look better without a moustache.
You look better without makeup.
You look better without the mustache.
You look better.
You look bewildered.
You look bored to death.
You look bored.
You look bummed.
You look busy today.
You look busy.
You look cheerful.
You look chipper.
You look comfortable.
You look concerned.
You look confident.
You look confused.
You look constipated.
You look content.
You look contented.
You look cool.
You look cosy.
You look crazy in this Kabyle dress.
You look curious.
You look cute.
You look dashing in your shirt.
You look dashing.
You look dazed.
You look dazzling, my dear.
You look dead, bud.
You look depressed.
You look depressed. Did something happen?
You look determined.
You look devastated.
You look different somehow.
You look different than your picture.
You look different today.
You look different, somehow.
You look different.
You look disappointed.
You look discouraged.
You look distressed.
You look doubtful.
You look down.
You look drunk.
You look dubious.
You look dull.
You look easy to draw.
You look even more beautiful than I remembered.
You look even more nervous than Tom and Mary do.
You look even more nervous than Tom does.
You look even sexier in person than you did on your show.
You look exactly like Tom.
You look exactly like her.
You look exactly like him.
You look exactly like your brother.
You look exactly like your mother.
You look exactly the same as you always do.
You look exactly the same as you did the last time I saw you.
You look exactly the same.
You look excited.
You look exhausted, mate. I think you need to take a break from writing.
You look exhausted.
You look extremely busy.
You look extremely happy.
You look fabulous in black.
You look fabulous.
You look familiar to me.
You look familiar.
You look familiar. Do I know you?
You look fantastic in that dress.
You look fantastic in this Kabyle dress.
You look fantastic tonight.
You look fantastic!
You look fantastic.
You look fat in those pants.
You look fat.
You look filthy.
You look fine!
You look fine, Tom.
You look fine.
You look foolish.
You look for a book.
You look freaked out.
You look full of the joys of spring today. Why are you smiling all the time?
You look funny doing that.
You look funny in that hat.
You look funny in the hat.
You look funny wearing that hat.
You look funny wearing those glasses.
You look funny wearing those shoes.
You look funny without your beard.
You look funny.
You look gloomy.
You look good dressed like this.
You look good for your age.
You look good in a kimono.
You look good in black.
You look good in that dress.
You look good in that photo.
You look good in that suit.
You look good in this picture.
You look good in those clothes.
You look good in white.
You look good today.
You look good together.
You look good with glasses.
You look good with those glasses on.
You look good without your glasses on.
You look good without your glasses.
You look good!
You look good.
You look goofy.
You look gorgeous in that dress.
You look gorgeous.
You look grave.
You look great in blue.
You look great in that dress.
You look great in that outfit.
You look great in these high-heels. Just try not to walk like a two-year-old baby.
You look great in these photos.
You look great in this Kabyle dress.
You look great in this photo!
You look great in this picture.
You look great today!
You look great, considering.
You look great.
You look green.
You look guilty.
You look half asleep.
You look half your age.
You look handsome.
You look happier than usual.
You look happier today than you did the last time I saw you.
You look happier today.
You look happy today.
You look happy, so bright and early.
You look happy.
You look healthier than you used to.
You look healthy.
You look homeless.
You look horrible.
You look hot today.
You look hot.
You look hungry.
You look hurt.
You look ill.
You look ill. Are you all right?
You look ill. Are you?
You look impatient.
You look in the mirror and feel like a shitty person.
You look incredible in that dress.
You look incredible.
You look interested.
You look irritated.
You look just fine.
You look just like Tom looked thirty years ago.
You look just like Tom.
You look just like a guy I used to know.
You look just like him.
You look just like my sister.
You look just like your big brother.
You look just like your brother.
You look just like your dad.
You look just like your father did when he was your age.
You look just like your father in this photo.
You look just like your father in this picture.
You look just like your father looked thirty years ago.
You look just like your father.
You look just like your mother did at your age.
You look just like your mother did when she was your age.
You look just like your mother.
You look just like your older brother.
You look kind of bored.
You look kind of down.
You look kind of down?
You look kind of embarrassed.
You look kind of like Tom.
You look kind of pale.
You look kind of tired.
You look kind of upset.
You look like Frank Sinatra.
You look like Harry Potter.
You look like Neo in "The Matrix."
You look like Tom's wife.
You look like Tom.
You look like a baboon.
You look like a banker.
You look like a boy.
You look like a businessman.
You look like a completely different person.
You look like a cop.
You look like a cousin of mine.
You look like a cowboy.
You look like a criminal.
You look like a deer caught in headlights.
You look like a doll.
You look like a farmer.
You look like a fighter.
You look like a firefighter.
You look like a freak.
You look like a friendly guy.
You look like a friendly person.
You look like a girl.
You look like a guy who might put up a good fight.
You look like a guy who needs a friend.
You look like a kid that just got caught with his hands in the cookie jar.
You look like a kid who was just caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
You look like a kid.
You look like a lawyer.
You look like a little girl in that dress.
You look like a little girl.
You look like a man who could use a drink.
You look like a million bucks.
You look like a monkey.
You look like a moron.
You look like a pirate.
You look like a policeman.
You look like a ragamuffin.
You look like a rich man.
You look like a roadside floozy in this dress.
You look like a sad panda.
You look like a scarecrow.
You look like a slut.
You look like a teacher.
You look like a teenager.
You look like a tired old man.
You look like a tourist.
You look like a weight lifter.
You look like a weirdo in this outfit.
You look like a whore in this dress.
You look like a woman of distinction.
You look like a woman of refinement.
You look like a woman that I used to know.
You look like a woman.
You look like a wrestler.
You look like an accountant.
You look like an actress.
You look like an angel.
You look like an elephant.
You look like an idiot.
You look like an imbecile.
You look like an ogre with that green stuff on your face.
You look like an ogre.
You look like an old man.
You look like an orangutan.
You look like as if you just escaped from prison.
You look like crap.
You look like death.
You look like hell.
You look like her.
You look like him.
You look like my mother.
You look like my sister.
You look like one of my cousins.
You look like shit.
You look like shit. Go take a shower.
You look like some kind of secret agent or something!
You look like somebody I used to know.
You look like somebody I went to high school with.
You look like someone I used to hang out with.
You look like someone I used to know.
You look like someone I used to work with.
You look like someone I was at secondary school with.
You look like someone I went to high school with.
You look like someone I went to secondary school with.
You look like someone in need of help.
You look like someone who could use a drink.
You look like someone who needs help.
You look like someone who's used to being alone.
You look like something the cat dragged in.
You look like the ones they sent a few days ago.
You look like the person in charge.
You look like weight lifter.
You look like you always do.
You look like you aren't enjoying yourself.
You look like you aren't enjoying yourselves.
You look like you aren't having a good time.
You look like you aren't having any fun.
You look like you been hit by a car.
You look like you belong here.
You look like you could do with a drink.
You look like you could use a cup of coffee.
You look like you could use a drink.
You look like you could use a friend.
You look like you could use a glass of lemonade.
You look like you could use another pair of hands.
You look like you could use some cheering up.
You look like you could use some company.
You look like you could use some rest.
You look like you could use some sleep.
You look like you did three years ago.
You look like you didn't get enough sleep.
You look like you don't belong here.
You look like you don't feel well.
You look like you don't know what to do.
You look like you don't understand what's going on.
You look like you don't want to be here.
You look like you eat a lot of meat.
You look like you have an idea.
You look like you have something on your mind.
You look like you haven't eaten in days.
You look like you haven't had a decent meal in days.
You look like you haven't slept in days.
You look like you just got up.
You look like you just lost your best friend.
You look like you just rolled out of bed.
You look like you know how to handle yourself.
You look like you live with your mother.
You look like you manage a construction site.
You look like you might be interested.
You look like you might be sick.
You look like you need a break.
You look like you need a drink.
You look like you need a hug.
You look like you need a little help.
You look like you need help.
You look like you need some help.
You look like you need to take a break.
You look like you saw a ghost.
You look like you slept in those clothes.
You look like you stepped off the cover of GQ magazine.
You look like you stepped out of GQ magazine.
You look like you want to say something.
You look like you were half expecting this to happen.
You look like you were half expecting this.
You look like you wore your clothes to bed.
You look like you'd like to leave.
You look like you're OK.
You look like you're a bit tired.
You look like you're about to cry.
You look like you're about to faint.
You look like you're about to puke.
You look like you're about to throw up.
You look like you're afraid.
You look like you're alone.
You look like you're amused by what's going on.
You look like you're angry.
You look like you're annoyed.
You look like you're anxious.
You look like you're bored.
You look like you're busy.
You look like you're certain.
You look like you're cold.
You look like you're committed.
You look like you're concerned.
You look like you're confused.
You look like you're contented.
You look like you're curious.
You look like you're dedicated.
You look like you're depressed.
You look like you're discouraged.
You look like you're disgusted.
You look like you're displeased.
You look like you're doing just great, Tom.
You look like you're done.
You look like you're drunk.
You look like you're dubious.
You look like you're enjoying the party.
You look like you're enjoying yourself.
You look like you're enjoying yourselves.
You look like you're exhausted.
You look like you're feeling better today.
You look like you're finished.
You look like you're freezing.
You look like you're frightened.
You look like you're frustrated.
You look like you're going out to a party.
You look like you're going to be sick.
You look like you're going to faint.
You look like you're going to pass out or something.
You look like you're going to pass out.
You look like you're going to throw up.
You look like you're half asleep.
You look like you're happy.
You look like you're having a bad day.
You look like you're having a good time.
You look like you're having a lot of fun here.
You look like you're having a lot of trouble setting up that web page. Want some help?
You look like you're having fun.
You look like you're having trouble.
You look like you're healthy.
You look like you're hesitant to do that.
You look like you're homeless.
You look like you're hot.
You look like you're hungry.
You look like you're impatient.
You look like you're impressed.
You look like you're in a lot of pain.
You look like you're in great shape.
You look like you're in pain.
You look like you're in pretty good shape.
You look like you're interested in doing that.
You look like you're interested.
You look like you're irritated.
You look like you're jealous.
You look like you're lonely.
You look like you're looking for something.
You look like you're lost.
You look like you're mad.
You look like you're miserable.
You look like you're nervous.
You look like you're not enjoying yourself.
You look like you're not enjoying yourselves.
You look like you're not feeling very well.
You look like you're not feeling well.
You look like you're not having any fun.
You look like you're not having much fun.
You look like you're pleased.
You look like you're poor.
You look like you're prepared.
You look like you're puzzled.
You look like you're ready for bed.
You look like you're ready to celebrate.
You look like you're ready to work.
You look like you're ready.
You look like you're really concentrating.
You look like you're really tired.
You look like you're relaxed.
You look like you're reluctant to do that.
You look like you're sad.
You look like you're satisfied.
You look like you're scared.
You look like you're self-conscious.
You look like you're sick.
You look like you're skeptical.
You look like you're sleepy.
You look like you're sophisticated.
You look like you're suspicious.
You look like you're tempted to do that.
You look like you're tense.
You look like you're terrified.
You look like you're thinking.
You look like you're through.
You look like you're tired.
You look like you're too tired to do anything right now.
You look like you're too tired to do anything.
You look like you're tough.
You look like you're trapped.
You look like you're troubled.
You look like you're unhappy.
You look like you're unimpressed.
You look like you're up to no good.
You look like you're upset.
You look like you're wealthy.
You look like you're worried.
You look like you've been crying.
You look like you've been doing something you shouldn't.
You look like you've been hurt.
You look like you've been living under a rock your whole life.
You look like you've been sick for a long time.
You look like you've been up all night.
You look like you've been up for a while.
You look like you've got ants in your pants.
You look like you've got one foot in the grave already.
You look like you've had a very hard day.
You look like you've had an inspiration.
You look like you've just lost your best friend.
You look like you've just seen a ghost.
You look like you've lost a lot of weight.
You look like you've lost weight.
You look like you've lost your best friend.
You look like you've put on a little weight.
You look like you've seen a ghost!
You look like you've seen a ghost.
You look like you've seen a ghost. What's wrong?
You look like your brother.
You look like your dad.
You look like your father looked thirty years ago.
You look like your father.
You look like your grandfather.
You look like your mom.
You look like your mother did when she was young.
You look like your mother when she was young.
You look like your mother.
You look like your sister.
You look like you’re about to cry.
You look like you’re having a lot of trouble setting up that web page. Want some help?
You look like you’re in pain.
You look like you’re really tired.
You look like you’ve just lost your best friend.
You look lonely.
You look lost and confused.
You look lost.
You look lovely as ever.
You look lovely in a kimono.
You look lovely in this Kabyle dress.
You look lovely just the way you are.
You look lovely tonight.
You look lovely.
You look mad.
You look marvelous with a tan.
You look marvelous.
You look miserable.
You look more determined than ever.
You look more like a teacher than a student.
You look more like you're into romantic ballads.
You look more like your father than your mother.
You look more like your grandfather than your father.
You look much better now.
You look much better.
You look nervous.
You look nervous. What happened?
You look nice in that dress.
You look nice in that red sweater.
You look nice with your hair short.
You look nice.
You look normal.
You look nothing like Tom.
You look nothing like me.
You look nothing like your brother.
You look old for your age.
You look old.
You look older than I am.
You look older than Tom.
You look older than your older brother.
You look older with a beard.
You look older.
You look on the verge of collapse.
You look on top of the world every morning.
You look out of place.
You look pale as a ghost.
You look pale today.
You look pale.
You look pale. Are you ill?
You look pale. Shall I call the doctor?
You look pale. What's the matter with you?
You look pale. What’s the matter with you?
You look pale. You had better lie down in bed at once.
You look pale. You should lie down.
You look pale. You'd better take a day off.
You look pale. You’d better take a day off.
You look pathetic in that outfit.
You look pensive.
You look perfect.
You look pleased.
You look poorly.
You look positively ghastly.
You look positively haggard.
You look positively ravishing.
You look pretty angry.
You look pretty bad.
You look pretty busy.
You look pretty down.
You look pretty drunk.
You look pretty good.
You look pretty ill.
You look pretty in pink.
You look pretty miserable.
You look pretty proud of yourself.
You look pretty proud of yourselves.
You look pretty relaxed.
You look pretty shaken up.
You look pretty sick.
You look pretty sleepy.
You look pretty tired.
You look pretty upset.
You look pretty young.
You look pretty.
You look puffy.
You look puzzled.
You look quite a bit older than Tom.
You look quite divine tonight, here among these vibrant lights.
You look quite happy.
You look quite healthy.
You look quite ill.
You look quite run down.
You look quite sick.
You look quite sophisticated.
You look quite uncomfortable.
You look radiant.
You look ragged.
You look rather tired.
You look ravishing in that dress.
You look ravishing.
You look real pretty in this Kabyle dress.
You look really bored.
You look really embarrassed.
You look really familiar.
You look really good.
You look really gorgeous.
You look really great.
You look really happy.
You look really hot.
You look really miserable.
You look really nervous.
You look really nice in that outfit.
You look really nice tonight.
You look really pale. Are you all right?
You look really relieved.
You look really sad.
You look really scared.
You look really tense.
You look really tired.
You look really worried.
You look rejuvenated without a beard.
You look relaxed.
You look relieved.
You look ridiculous.
You look sad today.
You look sad.
You look sad. What's wrong?
You look satisfied.
You look scared.
You look scary like this.
You look serious.
You look sexy in this Kabyle dress.
You look shaken.
You look sharp.
You look shocked.
You look sick.
You look sick. Are you OK?
You look sick. Are you all right?
You look sick; are you alright?
You look silly.
You look skeptical.
You look skinny.
You look sleepy.
You look slightly different.
You look smart in the shirt.
You look smart.
You look smashing.
You look so beautiful in this Kabyle dress.
You look so beautiful today.
You look so beautiful tonight.
You look so beautiful.
You look so cool.
You look so damn pretty in this elegant dress.
You look so different with those glasses on.
You look so different.
You look so good that I could kiss you right now.
You look so good.
You look so handsome.
You look so happy.
You look so healthy!
You look so keen.
You look so much like your mother.
You look so much more beautiful and you look prettier with your detached hair.
You look so pale today.
You look so pale.
You look so pale. Are you sick?
You look so pretty today!
You look so pretty.
You look so serious.
You look so sexy.
You look so terrifying.
You look so tired. Why don't you go and rest now?
You look sober.
You look somewhat stressed out.
You look spaced out this morning.
You look stressed out.
You look strong.
You look stunned.
You look stunning!
You look stunning.
You look stupid.
You look surprised to see me.
You look surprised.
You look suspicious.
You look sympathetic.
You look tasty.
You look ten years younger after you've had a shave.
You look ten years younger after you've shaved.
You look tense.
You look terrible today.
You look terrible!
You look terrible.
You look terrible. What happened?
You look terrific.
You look terrific. Did you lose weight?
You look the same as before.
You look the same as you always do.
You look the same now as you looked the last time I saw you.
You look the same.
You look the way your father did thirty years ago.
You look thinner than you did before.
You look thinner than you did the last time I saw you.
You look thinner.
You look thirsty.
You look tiny next to a sumo wrestler.
You look tired this evening.
You look tired today.
You look tired, are you feeling okay?
You look tired, but Tom and Mary don't.
You look tired, but Tom doesn't.
You look tired, have you been working hard?
You look tired, my dear.
You look tired, really.
You look tired, so you should go to bed early.
You look tired.
You look tired. Shall I take the wheel?
You look tired. You must have been working too hard.
You look tired. You ought to rest for an hour or two.
You look tired. You should rest a little.
You look to be an honest man.
You look too young to be a company president.
You look totally bored.
You look totally confused.
You look totally disoriented.
You look totally exhausted.
You look totally wiped out.
You look troubled.
You look uglier than usual.
You look ugly.
You look uncomfortable.
You look unconvinced.
You look uneasy.
You look unhappy.
You look unhappy. What's wrong?
You look unimpressed.
You look uninterested.
You look unsatisfied.
You look unsure.
You look unwell.
You look up at the sun.
You look upon my idea as being behind the times.
You look upset.
You look very anxious.
You look very beautiful today.
You look very beautiful tonight.
You look very beautiful.
You look very bored.
You look very busy today.
You look very busy.
You look very charming today.
You look very comfortable.
You look very concerned.
You look very confident.
You look very confused.
You look very content.
You look very delighted.
You look very dignified.
You look very disappointed.
You look very distinguished.
You look very elegant today.
You look very elegant.
You look very energetic today.
You look very familiar to me.
You look very familiar.
You look very good in blue.
You look very good in that photo.
You look very good.
You look very handsome, Tom.
You look very handsome.
You look very happy this morning.
You look very happy today, don't you?
You look very happy today, don’t you?
You look very happy today.
You look very happy.
You look very healthy.
You look very impatient.
You look very introspective.
You look very lovely tonight.
You look very much like each other.
You look very nervous.
You look very nice tonight.
You look very nice.
You look very old.
You look very pale.
You look very pale. Are you OK?
You look very pleased today.
You look very pleased with yourself.
You look very pleased with yourselves.
You look very pleased.
You look very pretty today.
You look very pretty, as usual.
You look very pretty.
You look very relieved.
You look very sad.
You look very self-assured for someone who's obviously lying.
You look very serious.
You look very sleepy.
You look very tense.
You look very thoughtful.
You look very tired.
You look very tired. You must have been working too hard.
You look very uncomfortable.
You look very unhappy.
You look very upset.
You look very worried.
You look very young.
You look warm.
You look wasted.
You look way better than I do.
You look way more tired than Tom.
You look weird today.
You look weird without your glasses.
You look well rested.
You look well.
You look white as a ghost.
You look winded.
You look wonderful in this Kabyle dress.
You look wonderful tonight.
You look wonderful.
You look worn out.
You look worried, too.
You look worried.
You look worried. What's wrong?
You look worse than Tom.
You look worse than before.
You look worse than her.
You look worse than him.
You look wretched!
You look you've just returned from a safari in the savannah.
You look young for your age.
You look young.
You look younger than Tom.
You look younger than her.
You look younger than him.
You look younger than your older brother.
You look younger than your younger brother.
You look younger without a beard.
You look younger.
You look your age.
You look your best in this suit.
You looked a bit dazed.
You looked a bit sick.
You looked a little distracted today.
You looked amazing.
You looked angry.
You looked as if you were nervous.
You looked at me and smiled.
You looked at me.
You looked beautiful.
You looked bored.
You looked busy.
You looked calm.
You looked dangerous.
You looked different.
You looked disoriented.
You looked drunk last night.
You looked embarrassed.
You looked exhausted.
You looked for it in D.C. last month.
You looked for it.
You looked for me last week in the at umalek district.
You looked guilty.
You looked happy.
You looked horrified.
You looked hungry.
You looked interested.
You looked irritated.
You looked like someone who didn't want to be disturbed.
You looked like you enjoyed that.
You looked like you were afraid.
You looked like you were alone.
You looked like you were amused by what's going on.
You looked like you were angry.
You looked like you were annoyed.
You looked like you were anxious.
You looked like you were asleep.
You looked like you were awake.
You looked like you were baffled.
You looked like you were bored.
You looked like you were busy.
You looked like you were certain.
You looked like you were cold.
You looked like you were concerned.
You looked like you were confident.
You looked like you were confused.
You looked like you were contented.
You looked like you were curious.
You looked like you were dead.
You looked like you were delighted.
You looked like you were depressed.
You looked like you were desperate.
You looked like you were determined to do that.
You looked like you were disappointed.
You looked like you were discouraged.
You looked like you were disgusted.
You looked like you were displeased.
You looked like you were distracted.
You looked like you were dizzy.
You looked like you were done.
You looked like you were drunk.
You looked like you were embarrassed.
You looked like you were enjoying yourself.
You looked like you were enjoying yourselves.
You looked like you were excited.
You looked like you were exhausted.
You looked like you were expecting me to kiss you.
You looked like you were fascinated.
You looked like you were finished doing that.
You looked like you were finished.
You looked like you were flabbergasted.
You looked like you were frightened.
You looked like you were frustrated.
You looked like you were furious.
You looked like you were going to cry.
You looked like you were half asleep.
You looked like you were having a pretty good time.
You looked like you were heartbroken.
You looked like you were hesitant to do that.
You looked like you were hot.
You looked like you were hungry.
You looked like you were hurt.
You looked like you were impatient.
You looked like you were important.
You looked like you were impressed.
You looked like you were interested.
You looked like you were intoxicated.
You looked like you were involved.
You looked like you were irritated.
You looked like you were jealous.
You looked like you were lonely.
You looked like you were mad.
You looked like you were mesmerized.
You looked like you were miserable.
You looked like you were nervous.
You looked like you were offended.
You looked like you were overwhelmed.
You looked like you were paralyzed.
You looked like you were perplexed.
You looked like you were plastered.
You looked like you were pleased.
You looked like you were prepared.
You looked like you were puzzled.
You looked like you were ready.
You looked like you were relaxed.
You looked like you were relieved.
You looked like you were reluctant to do that.
You looked like you were restless.
You looked like you were sad.
You looked like you were satisfied.
You looked like you were scared.
You looked like you were self-conscious.
You looked like you were serious.
You looked like you were shocked.
You looked like you were sick.
You looked like you were skeptical.
You looked like you were sleepy.
You looked like you were stoned.
You looked like you were stranded.
You looked like you were stuck.
You looked like you were sure.
You looked like you were surprised.
You looked like you were suspicious.
You looked like you were tempted to do that.
You looked like you were tense.
You looked like you were terrified.
You looked like you were through doing that.
You looked like you were tired.
You looked like you were trapped.
You looked like you were troubled.
You looked like you were unafraid.
You looked like you were uncertain.
You looked like you were unconcerned.
You looked like you were unconscious.
You looked like you were unconvinced.
You looked like you were unfazed by that.
You looked like you were unimpressed.
You looked like you were upset.
You looked like you were warm.
You looked like you were wet.
You looked like you were worried.
You looked like you'd seen a ghost.
You looked lonely.
You looked lovely.
You looked pretty worried.
You looked quite busy.
You looked really scared.
You looked sad.
You looked scared.
You looked shocked.
You looked sleepy.
You looked strange.
You looked surprised.
You looked terrible the other day.
You looked terrified.
You looked through the window.
You looked tired.
You looked up, didn't you?
You looked up.
You looked upset.
You looked very busy.
You looked very happy.
You looked very scared.
You looked very upset.
You looked, didn't you?
You lose your future when your child dies.
You lose your lip balm again?
You lose! Good day sir!
You lost Mary, didn't you?
You lost a lot of blood.
You lost an earring.
You lost balance.
You lost consciousness.
You lost count, didn't you?
You lost custody.
You lost everything.
You lost hope.
You lost it, didn't you?
You lost me a long time ago.
You lost me there.
You lost me.
You lost no time.
You lost the battle.
You lost the bet, didn't you?
You lost the game.
You lost them.
You lost time.
You lost your balance.
You lost your chance.
You lost your dog, didn't you?
You lost your glasses, sir.
You lost your glasses.
You lost your key, didn't you?
You lost your sense of reality.
You lost, didn't you?
You lost, didn’t you?
You lost.
You lost. Get over it.
You lot are coming.
You lot are lucky.
You lot are too drunk.
You lot have got a problem.
You lot look chuffed.
You lot need to get out more often.
You lot need to get out more.
You lot need to get up a bit earlier.
You lot often bunk off school.
You lot pretend to go along with it, but then just do what you want.
You love Australia, don't you?
You love Christmas, don't you?
You love Mary exactly the way she is.
You love Tom more than I do.
You love Tom, don't you?
You love art, don't you?
You love being flattered, but you love being helpful even more.
You love children, don't you?
You love chili, don't you?
You love coffee.
You love dancing.
You love doing that, don't you?
You love each other!
You love her more than I do.
You love her more than me.
You love her, don't you?
You love her.
You love him more than I do.
You love him more than me.
You love him, don't you?
You love him, right?
You love him.
You love him. I can see it in your eyes.
You love listening to classical music, don't you?
You love me more than I love you.
You love me too much.
You love me.
You love me. I can see it in your eyes.
You love me? Then what about Martha?
You love meat.
You love my daughter; but are you sure that she loves you?
You love no one but yourself.
You love our daughters.
You love reading, don't you?
You love studying music, don't you?
You love sunsets, don't you?
You love swimming.
You love that house, don't you?
You love the two of them.
You love them both.
You love them, don't you?
You love them.
You love these shoes.
You love this car, don't you?
You love to annoy me.
You love to climb mountains, don't you?
You love to dance with Fadil but he's not here.
You love to swim.
You love us.
You love your books more than me.
You love your father, don't you?
You love your father, right?
You love your job more than me.
You love your job more than you love me.
You love your mother, don't you?
You love your mother, right?
You love your own body.
You love your son more than your daughter, don't you?
You love your wife, don't you?
You love your wife, right?
You love your work, don't you?
You love yourself.
You loved Boston, didn't you?
You loved Mary, didn't you?
You loved Tom, didn't you?
You loved attention.
You loved chocolate.
You loved doing that, didn't you?
You loved her, didn't you?
You loved her.
You loved him, didn't you?
You loved him.
You loved me once.
You loved me.
You loved poetry.
You loved them, didn't you?
You loved them.
You loved us.
You lower it then.
You lowly wretch!
You lucky bastard.
You lucky devil!
You lucky devil.
You lucky dog.
You lucky thing, you.
You lure me.
You lying asshole!
You lying bastard!
You lying bitch!
You lying coward!
You lying dickhead!
You lying prick!
You lying son of a bitch!
You made Tom an offer he couldn't refuse, didn't you?
You made Tom cry.
You made Tom do it, didn't you?
You made Tom do that, didn't you?
You made Tom unhappy.
You made Tom very happy.
You made a bargain with us.
You made a beautiful gesture!
You made a big mistake in not accepting their offer.
You made a big mistake, buddy.
You made a big mistake.
You made a fool of yourself.
You made a fool out of yourself.
You made a funny mistake.
You made a good decision.
You made a great contribution.
You made a horrible mistake.
You made a joke that wasn't funny.
You made a laughingstock of yourself.
You made a list, didn't you?
You made a minor spelling mistake.
You made a mistake but it's not serious.
You made a mistake by pitting yourself against me.
You made a mistake in choosing Tom.
You made a mistake on this one.
You made a mistake when you invited him.
You made a mistake.
You made a mistake. But that doesn't mean your life is over.
You made a profit.
You made a promise, Jamal.
You made a promise.
You made a questionable choice.
You made a really good impression.
You made a terrible mistake.
You made a very good choice.
You made a very tasty dinner on Wednesday night.
You made a vow before God.
You made a wise choice.
You made a wise decision.
You made a wrong turn.
You made acquaintances.
You made an error.
You made breakfast, didn't you?
You made cookies, didn't you?
You made fewer mistakes than I did.
You made fewer mistakes than me.
You made fewer mistakes this time than you did last time.
You made fools of yourselves.
You made good purchases.
You made good time.
You made her blush.
You made her cry.
You made her cry. Is that what you wanted?
You made her do it, didn't you?
You made her very happy.
You made him blush.
You made him confused.
You made him cry.
You made him do it, didn't you?
You made him very happy.
You made it all up, didn't you?
You made it easy.
You made it happen.
You made it look easy.
You made it personal against me.
You made it possible.
You made it so easy.
You made it with time to spare.
You made it!
You made it, Tom!
You made it.
You made me believe I could get over the past.
You made me buy that for you.
You made me buy you that.
You made me confused.
You made me crazy.
You made me cry.
You made me do it.
You made me doubt my own worth.
You made me fall in love with you.
You made me feel as though I was really important.
You made me feel like I could be anything I choose.
You made me feel like I could make it.
You made me feel like I could stand up for myself.
You made me feel like I was worth something.
You made me feel like a fool the whole time.
You made me feel like shit.
You made me feel really uncomfortable.
You made me feel so much better.
You made me feel sorry for you.
You made me feel trapped, leading me to consider suicide.
You made me happy.
You made me hate this city. Please just leave me alone.
You made me hungry.
You made me late.
You made me laugh.
You made me look like a complete idiot.
You made me look like a fool.
You made me lose my mind.
You made me lose.
You made me madly fall in love with you.
You made me proud.
You made me see the world through different eyes.
You made me sick.
You made me smile.
You made me suffer a lot with your lies.
You made me very happy.
You made me want to fight for her.
You made me what I am.
You made mistakes.
You made money on that, didn't you?
You made money on that, right?
You made my day!
You made my day.
You made my life a living hell.
You made my life difficult.
You made my life hell.
You made my night!
You made plans, didn't you?
You made several mistakes.
You made some cookies for Tom.
You made someone eat food.
You made spaghetti, didn't you?
You made that clear yesterday.
You made that clear.
You made that difficult.
You made that mistake on purpose, didn't you?
You made that perfectly clear.
You made that up, didn't you?
You made that up.
You made the best decision.
You made the front page.
You made the holes deeper.
You made the mistake on purpose, didn't you?
You made the mistake on purpose, didn’t you?
You made the right call.
You made the right choice.
You made the right decision.
You made the same mistake again.
You made the same mistake as last time.
You made the same mistake last time.
You made the same mistake.
You made the whole thing up, didn't you?
You made them angry.
You made them confused.
You made them cry.
You made them do it, didn't you?
You made them very happy.
You made things this way.
You made things worse.
You made this all possible.
You made this mess, so clean it up.
You made this mess.
You made this, didn't you?
You made too many mistakes.
You made up your mind to go to law school, didn't you?
You made us cry.
You made us look like fools.
You made us lose our way.
You made us very happy.
You made your bed, now lie in it!
You made your bed, now you'll have to lie in it.
You made your bed.
You made your mother cry.
You made your point.
You made your sister cry!
You majored in literature at the university, didn't you?
You make a box.
You make a decision for yourself on this matter.
You make a good pitch, but I still don't see what's in it for me.
You make a good point.
You make a mountain out of a molehill.
You make a nice couple.
You make a really good point.
You make a very convincing argument.
You make an effort too!
You make an interesting argument.
You make doing that look easy.
You make enemies sooner than friends, but you lose friends faster.
You make everything fun.
You make fewer and fewer mistakes.
You make good money, don't you?
You make hardly any mistakes.
You make it fun to come to work.
You make it look easy.
You make it look so easy.
You make it sound easy.
You make it sound so easy.
You make it sound very simple.
You make juggling look easy.
You make learning exciting.
You make life worth living.
You make many good points.
You make many valid points.
You make me angry.
You make me blush.
You make me completely happy.
You make me do this.
You make me dream.
You make me feel alive, wanted.
You make me feel alive.
You make me feel dizzy!
You make me feel good.
You make me feel incredibly aroused.
You make me feel old.
You make me feel safe.
You make me feel sick.
You make me feel so guilty.
You make me feel something I've never known.
You make me feel uncomfortable.
You make me happy.
You make me laugh a lot.
You make me laugh with your messages.
You make me laugh!
You make me laugh.
You make me lie.
You make me lose my patience!
You make me lose my patience.
You make me nervous.
You make me proud every day with your courage.
You make me proud of my work!
You make me puke.
You make me really happy.
You make me sad.
You make me sick and I don't wanna see you anymore.
You make me sick, Tom.
You make me sick.
You make me smile.
You make me so fucking horny!
You make me so happy.
You make me so horny.
You make me so wet.
You make me turn in the oblivion. I'm spiraling in the void.
You make me very happy.
You make me very nervous.
You make me want to bawl my eyes out.
You make me want to be a better man.
You make me want to be a better person.
You make me want to cry.
You make me want to laugh.
You make me want to punch you in the face.
You make me want to smash your face in.
You make me want to tear my hair out.
You make me want to throw up!
You make me want to vomit.
You make mistakes if you do things in a hurry.
You make my day so much brighter.
You make my head hurt.
You make my heart flutter.
You make my heart skip a beat.
You make my job easy.
You make my life better.
You make my life complete.
You make my world brighter.
You make my world colorful.
You make no sense.
You make ordinary days feel special.
You make so many typos.
You make some good points.
You make such a big deal out of nothing.
You make such a lovely couple.
You make that dress look ten years younger.
You make the best discoveries while you view the world with other eyes.
You make the world a better place.
You make the world better by being in it.
You make the world such a wonderful place.
You make them beautiful.
You make things sound so complicated.
You make things too complicated.
You make too much of the event.
You make twice as much money as I do.
You make us feel old.
You make us laugh!
You make your own life.
You make your own luck.
You make yourself up like a saint, but you aren't fooling anyone.
You manage.
You managed it after all.
You managed to escape from a window.
You managed to get out of poverty.
You managed to make him understand.
You managed to run away through a window.
You managed to surprise me.
You matter a lot to me.
You matter because you are you, and you matter until the last moment of your life.
You matter.
You may act as you wish.
You may act however you wish.
You may add sentences which you don't know how to translate.
You may all die... but I won't. And you patriotically do that for those who'll be even richer by the war, even if your families will be poor because of the war inflation.
You may already be infected.
You may also add sentences that you can't translate yourself. Perhaps someone else can! Also, please don't forget capitalization and punctuation! Many thanks!
You may also come.
You may always use my dictionary.
You may answer only yes or no.
You may answer the question.
You may answer.
You may argue over whose football clubs are better, vote for different singers on Eurovision. But your accomplishment — more than 500 million people speaking 24 languages in 28 countries, 19 with a common currency, in one European Union — remains one of the greatest political and economic achievements of modern times.
You may as well as go to bed now.
You may as well ask for your teacher's advice.
You may as well ask for your teacher’s advice.
You may as well ask your friend for advice.
You may as well begin at once.
You may as well begin to prepare your lessons.
You may as well burn your money as spend it on lottery tickets.
You may as well call a cat a small tiger as call a tiger a big cat.
You may as well chew your food well.
You may as well come with me.
You may as well do that right now.
You may as well do that today.
You may as well do that tomorrow.
You may as well do that.
You may as well do the task now as put it off.
You may as well do the task now.
You may as well follow his advice.
You may as well follow your father's advice.
You may as well follow your father’s advice.
You may as well forgive his sins.
You may as well get used to it.
You may as well give up.
You may as well go home now.
You may as well go to bed at once.
You may as well go to bed now.
You may as well go yourself.
You may as well go yourselves.
You may as well have Tom and Mary do that for you.
You may as well have Tom do that for you.
You may as well have Tom do that.
You may as well have a day off, because you have been overworking those days.
You may as well keep it a secret.
You may as well keep your promise.
You may as well know that I am a strict instructor.
You may as well know the truth of the matter.
You may as well know the truth.
You may as well leave at once.
You may as well leave home at once.
You may as well leave now.
You may as well leave such a decision to your daughter.
You may as well make friends with people who need you.
You may as well not do it at all than do it imperfectly.
You may as well not keep a dog at all as leave it to someone else.
You may as well overlook his sins and forgive him.
You may as well postpone your departure.
You may as well prepare for your examination.
You may as well return home at once.
You may as well say it to him in advance.
You may as well say so.
You may as well see the doctor at once.
You may as well start at once as stay here.
You may as well start at once.
You may as well stay where you are.
You may as well take a nap as read such a magazine.
You may as well talk to a stone wall as to him.
You may as well tell him nothing about her.
You may as well tell me all about it.
You may as well tell me the truth.
You may as well tell us the truth.
You may as well trust his story.
You may as well wait for a while. It'll clear up soon.
You may as well wait for a while. It’ll clear up soon.
You may as well wait here.
You may as well wash your shirt.
You may as well withdraw from the club right away.
You may ask a question of that teacher.
You may ask any question you wish.
You may ask any questions you want.
You may ask any questions you wish.
You may ask me any amount of money you need.
You may ask me any question you want.
You may ask one question.
You may ask only one question.
You may ask that teacher questions.
You may ask whoever you want.
You may be a big shot back in your neighborhood, but here, you're just a little coward.
You may be a native speaker, but I am too. I'm keeping my sentence as it is.
You may be a victim of software counterfeiting.
You may be able to find the item a new home by using Freecycle.
You may be able to help us with that.
You may be able to pass unnoticed in a city, but in a village that's not possible.
You may be able to pass unnoticed in a city, but in a village that’s not possible.
You may be able to read the handwriting on the wall, but it is Greek to me.
You may be able to talk Tom into doing that.
You may be able to talk Tom out of doing that.
You may be asked to give a speech.
You may be asked to provide your personal information anytime you are in contact with our company.
You may be asked to provide your personal information.
You may be called to defend your planet in a time of need.
You may be correct.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try.
You may be entitled to compensation.
You may be excused now.
You may be forced to fight, whether you want to or not.
You may be free to do what you like.
You may be here as long as you keep quiet.
You may be hurt.
You may be in danger.
You may be in luck.
You may be late for school.
You may be missing out on many good opportunities.
You may be needed.
You may be next.
You may be rich, but that doesn't entitle you to act like a jerk.
You may be right about that.
You may be right, but I am against your opinion.
You may be right, but I have a different view.
You may be right, but we have a slightly different opinion.
You may be right.
You may be right. But it doesn't matter.
You may be right...
You may be scary, but you sure are nice.
You may be seated.
You may be shocked when you find out who came by today.
You may be surprised to learn that English gets 30 to 45 percent of its words from French.
You may be surprised to learn that English gets 30 to 45 percent of its words from French. The reason goes back to the year 1066, when Norman forces invaded what is now Britain.
You may be surprised to receive this letter.
You may be wondering, "Why am I here?" Honestly, I don't even know.
You may be wrong.
You may begin.
You may bill the foot only if you are a podiatrist, otherwise, you may just foot the bill.
You may borrow any of these books.
You may borrow my bicycle anytime you want to.
You may borrow my bicycle whenever you want.
You may borrow my bicycle.
You may borrow my car anytime you want to.
You may borrow my car anytime you want.
You may borrow my car.
You may borrow my guitar.
You may borrow my pruning shears.
You may borrow my umbrella.
You may borrow this book as long as you keep it clean.
You may break down your mountain; I will retain it.
You may bring anyone you want.
You may bring down your mountain; I will hold it back.
You may bring the tea now.
You may bring whoever wants to come.
You may bring whoever you like.
You may bring whomever you like.
You may bring your own lunch to school.
You may buy as many tickets as you want.
You may call him a fool, but you cannot call him a coward.
You may call him a liar, but you cannot call him a bad man.
You may call me Tom.
You may call me anytime.
You may call me by my first name.
You may call me either Tom or Tommy.
You may call me whatever you want.
You may call on me whenever you like.
You may catch Tom.
You may catch him, if you call at his office before eight.
You may catch him.
You may catch sight of our house from the train.
You may change your mind in a couple of weeks.
You may change your mind.
You may choose any book you like.
You may choose any of them.
You may choose either of the two books.
You may choose one of them.
You may choose what to eat from this list.
You may choose what you like.
You may choose what you want.
You may choose whatever you want.
You may choose whichever book you like.
You may choose whichever book you want to read.
You may choose whichever you like.
You may choose whichever you want.
You may close the door.
You may collapse.
You may come and go at will.
You may come and see me once a week.
You may come at any time tomorrow afternoon.
You may come back.
You may come if you like.
You may come in now.
You may come in with your shoes on.
You may come to regret having told him about your plan.
You may come tomorrow if it is your pleasure to do so.
You may come tomorrow.
You may come visit whenever you want to.
You may come visit whenever you want.
You may come whenever it is convenient for you.
You may come whenever you like.
You may come with me if you want to.
You may come with us if you want to.
You may contact Tom directly.
You may content yourself with what we have.
You may continue talking.
You may continue.
You may contract many deadly diseases.
You may convert the house into a duplex.
You may dance as you please.
You may deem me romantic, my dear sister, but I bitterly feel the want of a friend.
You may demolish the old house.
You may depend on him to help you.
You may depend on it not happening again.
You may depend upon it that the story is exaggerated.
You may die.
You may disagree with and venture to question me, but remember, the feeling's mutual.
You may disagree with me.
You may do anything but criticize me.
You may do anything you want.
You may do as you like.
You may do so.
You may do that again if you like.
You may do that again if you want to.
You may do that any way you like.
You may do that anytime you want to.
You may do that anytime you want.
You may do that anywhere you want to do it.
You may do that anywhere you want to.
You may do that anywhere you want.
You may do that by yourself.
You may do that here if you want.
You may do that however you see fit.
You may do that if you like.
You may do that if you want to.
You may do that if you want.
You may do that if you'd like to.
You may do that now.
You may do that right now if you want to.
You may do that right now.
You may do that today if you like.
You may do that wherever you want to.
You may do that wherever you want.
You may do what you like.
You may do what you want to do.
You may do what you want.
You may do what you wish.
You may do whatever you like.
You may do whatever you want to do.
You may do whatever you want to.
You may do whatever you want.
You may download it.
You may downsize to a smaller house.
You may drive if you want.
You may eat anything as long as you don't eat too much.
You may eat anything in the fridge.
You may eat anything in the refrigerator.
You may eat anything so long as you don't eat too much.
You may eat anything so long as you don’t eat too much.
You may eat as many cookies as you want.
You may eat as much as you like.
You may eat as much as you want to.
You may eat as much as you want.
You may eat cheese whenever you want.
You may eat now.
You may eat the last slice of pizza if you like.
You may eat this.
You may eat whatever you want to.
You may eat whatever you want.
You may eat whenever you want to.
You may eat wherever you want to.
You may edit it again below.
You may either do that or not do that depending on what you want to do.
You may end up being a spinster.
You may enlarge the house with an addition.
You may enlarge the house.
You may enter now.
You may enter with your shoes on.
You may enter.
You may evaluate the software before the trial period expires in 30 days.
You may even have to do that again.
You may expect me tomorrow.
You may experience drowsiness.
You may extend the house.
You may extend your stay in Tokyo.
You may fail, for all I care.
You may faint.
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
You may fall ill at any moment.
You may feast all night, but return to your grave before dawn!
You may find it a bit inconvenient if you can't use the Internet.
You may find it a bit inconvenient if you can’t use the Internet.
You may find it difficult to wrap your mind around this fact.
You may find it useful.
You may find something you like in that store.
You may find that in Japan, if you are sensitive to the environment, communication includes subtleties that may be too subtle for what you're used to at home.
You may find this useful.
You may find your umbrella at the Lost and Found.
You may follow along.
You may forget that.
You may get a serious disease.
You may get hurt if you do that.
You may get injured if you do that.
You may get into trouble.
You may get it free of charge.
You may give the book to whoever needs it.
You may give the book to whoever wants it.
You may give the ticket to whomever you like.
You may give this photograph to anyone who wants it.
You may give this picture to whoever wants it.
You may give this ticket to whoever wants it.
You may go ahead and log in now.
You may go ahead and open the window if you want to.
You may go anywhere you like.
You may go anywhere.
You may go as long as you come home early.
You may go at once.
You may go at your leisure.
You may go back to what you were doing.
You may go cycling if it doesn't rain.
You may go cycling if it doesn’t rain.
You may go farther and fare worse.
You may go home early today if you like.
You may go home if you want to.
You may go home now if you like.
You may go home now if you want to.
You may go home now.
You may go home.
You may go if you choose.
You may go if you want to.
You may go if you wish, it’s up to you.
You may go if you wish.
You may go if you wish. It's up to you.
You may go in now.
You may go in.
You may go now.
You may go on blackmailing me. It won't do anything for you.
You may go on condition that you return by five.
You may go or stay at will.
You may go out as long as you came back soon.
You may go out as long as you come back soon.
You may go out for a run without wearing a face mask, but only by yourself.
You may go out only if you come back soon.
You may go swimming or fishing.
You may go there.
You may go to Boston if you want to.
You may go to Boston if you want.
You may go to the party, but you must be home by midnight.
You may go to your room.
You may go whenever you like. Just let me know beforehand.
You may go where you please.
You may go where you want.
You may go wherever you like.
You may go with him if you choose.
You may go, but I have to stay here.
You may go, but I need to stay here.
You may go, but be careful.
You may go.
You may have a concussion.
You may have a point.
You may have a problem.
You may have a slight fever.
You may have all the time you need.
You may have already read this book.
You may have another cookie.
You may have as many as you like.
You may have as many as you want.
You may have as many cookies as you want.
You may have as much as you want.
You may have been right about that.
You may have been right.
You may have been the last person to see Tom alive.
You may have been the last person to see Tom.
You may have been wrong.
You may have both of them.
You may have both of these.
You may have both of those.
You may have dropped your phone in your hurry to catch the bus.
You may have good reason to think that your youth is over.
You may have heard of that.
You may have heard of the term.
You may have heard the story about the ugly duckling, but have you heard the story about the ugly gosling?
You may have it for nothing.
You may have it for the asking.
You may have it.
You may have left your cellphone at home.
You may have made the wrong choice.
You may have mistaken Jane for her sister.
You may have mistaken Jane for his sister.
You may have one more cookie.
You may have read this book already.
You may have seen an eddy if you've ever gone canoeing and you see a small whirlpool of water while you paddle through the water.
You may have swelling, but don't worry about it.
You may have swelling, but don’t worry about it.
You may have that opportunity.
You may have the day off.
You may have to do that by yourself.
You may have to do that by yourselves.
You may have to do that yourselves.
You may have to do that.
You may have to do this yourself.
You may have to go to Australia next month.
You may have to go to Boston next week.
You may have to help Tom.
You may have to help her.
You may have to help him.
You may have to help me.
You may have to help them.
You may have to help us.
You may have to pay a little more.
You may have to sing by yourself.
You may have to stay in Australia a little longer.
You may have to stay in Boston a little longer.
You may have to wait several weeks until a sentence you added is indexed by the search engine.
You may have to wait.
You may have to work a little harder to achieve an orgasm.
You may have tricked this young pipsqueak, but no one else is fooled.
You may have whatever book you want to read.
You may imagine the surprise of the prince's mother when she saw her son return accompanied by a bear, who at once set about doing the house-work better than any servant that the queen had ever seen.
You may impress me, but you'll never impress Tom.
You may injure yourself if you don't follow safety procedures.
You may injure yourself if you don’t follow safety procedures.
You may injure yourselves if you don't follow the safety procedures.
You may invite any person who wants to come.
You may invite any person you like.
You may invite anybody you like.
You may invite anybody you want to.
You may invite anybody you want.
You may invite anyone you like.
You may invite anyone you want to.
You may invite anyone you want.
You may invite to the festival whoever wants to come.
You may invite whoever wants to come.
You may invite whoever you like.
You may invite whomever you like.
You may invite your friends to tomorrow's party. Only remember to return home before dark. Do you understand?
You may join if you are 13 or older.
You may keep doing that if you want to.
You may keep the book.
You may kiss anybody.
You may kiss me if you like.
You may kiss me if you want to.
You may kiss my hand.
You may kiss the bride.
You may kiss your bride.
You may know Tom.
You may know that already.
You may laugh at me.
You may laugh if you like.
You may laugh.
You may leave anytime you want to.
You may leave anytime you want.
You may leave at any time.
You may leave if you like.
You may leave if you want to.
You may leave if you want.
You may leave if you wish to.
You may leave if you wish.
You may leave immediately after you finish your work.
You may leave now if you want to.
You may leave now.
You may leave out the details.
You may leave the baby with me for two days.
You may leave the room now.
You may leave the room.
You may leave us, Tom.
You may leave us.
You may leave when you have finished the work.
You may leave when you've finished the work.
You may leave whenever you want.
You may leave your bag here.
You may leave your seat at will.
You may leave your shoes on.
You may leave.
You may link to this webpage freely.
You may live here for as long as you want.
You may live to see man-made horrors beyond your comprehension.
You may look tough and all, but I'm not scared of you.
You may look.
You may lose your job if you aren't careful.
You may lose your job if you're not careful.
You may make use of his library.
You may meet him.
You may need Tom's help someday.
You may need a shovel.
You may need a supplementary dose after six months.
You may need assistance.
You may need hex keys to adjust the gears on your bike.
You may need my help.
You may need that later!
You may need this later!
You may need this.
You may need to adjust the faucet aerator.
You may need to boil water.
You may need to do that tomorrow.
You may need to do that.
You may need to go to Australia next month.
You may need to go to Boston next week.
You may need to stay in Australia a little longer.
You may need to stay in Boston a little longer.
You may need to study French.
You may need to use some of it.
You may never be able to walk again.
You may not agree with him, but at least he stands up for what he believes in.
You may not agree with some of their major policies and this could affect your working relationship.
You may not be able to do that again.
You may not be able to do that anymore.
You may not be able to do that.
You may not be able to find sentences that have been added recently because they have not been indexed yet.
You may not be able to find sentences that have been added recently because they have not been indexed yet. Indexation of sentences is not (yet) executed on-the-fly, only every week.
You may not be able to find sentences that have been added recently because they have not been indexed yet. Indexation of sentences is not yet executed on-the-fly, only every week.
You may not be able to open that.
You may not be afraid of us, but remember we are not afraid of you, either!
You may not be as lucky next time.
You may not be in the mood to hear this now, but I need to tell you something important.
You may not be ready now, but you will be, in time.
You may not be right.
You may not behave so childishly.
You may not believe it, but it is nonetheless true.
You may not believe it, but sometimes I want to give up everything and run away.
You may not believe me, sir, but I really don't know any man called Tom.
You may not believe this, but I don't drink at all.
You may not believe this, but I don’t drink at all.
You may not come in.
You may not despise other people.
You may not do it.
You may not do that anymore.
You may not do that here.
You may not do that.
You may not enter that room.
You may not even go to the disco at all.
You may not get this chance again.
You may not go to Boston.
You may not have a choice.
You may not have access to the Internet during this procedure, so it's a good idea to have a printout of these instructions handy.
You may not have heard about this.
You may not have heard me.
You may not have heard of hypertext markup language, but it powers almost all of your web content.
You may not have time.
You may not have to go.
You may not know Tom, but Mary does.
You may not know the meaning of each word, but you should be able to read it out loud.
You may not know who I am, but I know who you are.
You may not last long.
You may not learn to speak as well as a native speaker, but you should be able to speak well enough that native speakers will understand what you have to say.
You may not like Tom at first, but eventually he's likely to be one of your best friends.
You may not like Tom at first, but eventually he's likely to become one of your best friends.
You may not like it, but you should at least try it.
You may not like it.
You may not like my views, but I have the right to say what I think.
You may not like this book.
You may not like what you discover.
You may not like what you find.
You may not like what you hear.
You may not like what you uncover.
You may not pass the exam.
You may not pass the test.
You may not pass, sir.
You may not pick the flowers.
You may not play a move that repeats a previous position on the board. This rule prevents players from endlessly capturing and recapturing a stone in either direction.
You may not remember me, but I remember you.
You may not remember me, but we met last summer.
You may not rest now, there are monsters nearby.
You may not set up a roadside stall without prior notice.
You may not smoke here.
You may not smoke in a lift.
You may not smoke in an elevator.
You may not smoke in the elevator.
You may not smoke in this room.
You may not stay here.
You may not understand me, but I must be saying something important, right?
You may not want to do that.
You may not want to know.
You may not! Don't!
You may now applaud.
You may now kiss the bride.
You may only answer yes or no.
You may only ask three questions.
You may only borrow my camera if you are careful with it.
You may open the books.
You may open the window.
You may open your eyes now.
You may or may not win.
You may park anywhere you want to.
You may park anywhere you want.
You may park anywhere.
You may park here.
You may pay in advance for your order.
You may pick as many apples as you want.
You may play at your pleasure.
You may proceed.
You may quote me.
You may read this book.
You may read whichever book you like.
You may refuse.
You may regain the use of your legs one day.
You may rely on her.
You may rely on him.
You may rely on it that Tom will be early.
You may rely on my coming in time.
You may rely upon it that he will come in time.
You may remain anonymous.
You may remember that I was distrait, and remained sitting after you had all alighted. I was marvelling in my own mind how I could possibly have overlooked so obvious a clue.
You may remember, that I have always earnestly recommended to you, to do what you are about, be that what it will; and to do nothing else at the same time.
You may rest assured that we shall do all we can.
You may rest assured; I have no ulterior motive in making this donation.
You may rest certain that everything is well.
You may return.
You may ride my bicycle anytime you want to.
You may ride my bicycle whenever you want.
You may rise.
You may say anything but the truth.
You may say that it's shit.
You may seat yourself.
You may see Tom there.
You may see her there.
You may see him there.
You may see me there.
You may see them there.
You may see us there.
You may select either one or the other.
You may sell the apartment.
You may sell the house with all appliances.
You may shut the door if you like.
You may shut the door.
You may sing with us if you want to.
You may sit anywhere you like.
You may sit anywhere you want to sit.
You may sit anywhere you want to.
You may sit anywhere you want.
You may sit anywhere.
You may sit down if you're tired.
You may sit down in the chair.
You may sit down on the chair.
You may sit down.
You may sit here if you want to.
You may sit here.
You may sit next to me if you want to.
You may sit next to me.
You may sit wherever you like.
You may sit wherever you want to.
You may sit wherever you want.
You may sit.
You may sleep here if you want.
You may sleep here.
You may smoke in that room, but you mustn't smoke in this room.
You may smoke in that room, but you mustn’t smoke in this room.
You may speak freely.
You may speak to him.
You may speak with Tom.
You may speak.
You may spend a maximum of 100 dollars.
You may spend as much time as you like here.
You may spend or save at will.
You may spend the night here.
You may spend the night.
You may spend this money freely.
You may spend up to one hundred dollars.
You may stay as long as you want.
You may stay as long as you'd like.
You may stay at my house as long as you like.
You may stay here as long as you keep quiet.
You may stay here as long as you like.
You may stay here as long as you want to.
You may stay here as long as you want.
You may stay here for as long as you like.
You may stay here for the night, but you'll have to leave in the morning.
You may stay here for the night, but you’ll have to leave in the morning.
You may stay here if you like, as long as you keep quiet.
You may stay here if you like, so long as you keep quiet.
You may stay here if you want to.
You may stay here tonight, if you like.
You may stay here with me.
You may stay here.
You may stay if you wish.
You may stay in Australia as long as you like.
You may stay in Australia for as long as you like.
You may stay with me for the time being.
You may stay.
You may still be in luck.
You may still do it if you want to.
You may still do that if you want to.
You may still owe something.
You may swim as long as you want.
You may swim now.
You may swim.
You may take a photo.
You may take any book you like.
You may take any picture you like.
You may take anything you like.
You may take as many as you like.
You may take either half of the cake.
You may take either of the books.
You may take either of the glasses.
You may take either of the two books.
You may take either the big box or the small one.
You may take everything you want.
You may take my word for it.
You may take photos of the outside of this museum, but you may not take pictures of the exhibits inside.
You may take photos outside this museum, but not inside.
You may take the book home so long as you don't get it dirty.
You may take the book home so long as you don’t get it dirty.
You may take the book if you can read it.
You may take the book.
You may take the stand.
You may take this book as long as you keep it clean.
You may take this book so long as you keep it clean.
You may take this.
You may take what you need.
You may take whatever you want.
You may take whichever one you like.
You may take whichever you like.
You may talk as much as you like.
You may talk to Tom if you want to.
You may tear apart the baby's rattle and see what makes the noise inside, but there is a veil covering the unseen world which not the strongest man, nor even the united strength of all the strongest men that ever lived, could tear apart.
You may tell Tom whatever you like.
You may think he is a friendly guy, but once you get to know him a little more, you start to know just how mean-spirited he can be.
You may think otherwise, but I prefer to think of it as helping you come to a decision more easily.
You may think that animals can sleep in any position.
You may think that you are outsmarting the competition authorities but, in reality, you are doing harm to the consumer.
You may think those shoes are in fashion, but they aren't.
You may think those shoes are in fashion, but they aren’t.
You may think we're losing, but we aren't.
You may think whatever you want.
You may think you are clever, but you cannot laugh at me because of that.
You may think you're advantaging your child by having him run a standardized test to get into preschool, but don't come crying to me when he joins me at a rave in fifteen years.
You may think you're tough, but I won't back down. Don't push me.
You may think your comment was innocuous, but I found it very offensive.
You may think you’re advantaging your child by having him run a standardized test to get into preschool, but don’t come crying to me when he joins me at a rave in fifteen years.
You may thumb your nose at romance novels, but some of the writing is quite good.
You may trust Tom, but I don't.
You may trust the boy. He is above lying.
You may try again.
You may upgrade the house.
You may use a calculator in the test.
You may use a dictionary while taking this test.
You may use anything here.
You may use either of the dictionaries.
You may use her library.
You may use his library.
You may use it any time.
You may use mine if you want to.
You may use mine if you want.
You may use my bicycle anytime you want to.
You may use my bicycle if you want to.
You may use my bicycle such as it is.
You may use my bicycle whenever you want.
You may use my binoculars if you like.
You may use my car at any time.
You may use my car whenever you want to.
You may use my car whenever you want.
You may use my car.
You may use my computer if you want to.
You may use my computer.
You may use my desk if you like.
You may use my desk if you want to.
You may use my desk if you want.
You may use my desk if you'd like.
You may use my desk.
You may use my dictionary.
You may use my hatchet if you want to.
You may use my lawnmower if you want to.
You may use my new car.
You may use my pen at any time.
You may use my pen.
You may use my pencil if you like.
You may use my surfboard if you want to.
You may use my typewriter at any time.
You may use my typewriter if you want to.
You may use my typewriter.
You may use this bicycle for as long as you like.
You may use this car.
You may use this if you want to.
You may use this room if you want.
You may use this room.
You may wait outside.
You may want Tom's help someday.
You may want new clothes.
You may want to bookmark this page for future use.
You may want to consider postponing your trip to Australia.
You may want to consider postponing your trip to Boston.
You may want to get some rest.
You may want to reconsider.
You may want to sit down and listen to my explanation.
You may want to slow down a bit.
You may want to slow down.
You may want to take a few steps back.
You may want to take a leave of absence.
You may want to tell Tom that.
You may want to tell her that.
You may want to tell him that.
You may want to tell them that.
You may watch TV after you've done your homework.
You may wear anything you like.
You may wear anything you want to.
You may wear anything you want.
You may wear what clothes you please, or no clothes at all, in your own house, but if a man were to assert his right to walk down Regent street clad solely in his shirt the public would have a right to object.
You may well not remember, but I'll never forget it.
You may well not remember, but I’ll never forget it.
You may well say so, but I cannot agree.
You may write in any language you want. On Tatoeba, all languages are equal.
You may.
You mean George Bush?
You mean I'd get a chance to talk to her?
You mean Tom?
You mean a lot to me.
You mean everything to me.
You mean he can't read or write?
You mean he can’t read or write?
You mean it doesn't matter?
You mean it, don't you?
You mean nothing at all to us.
You mean nothing to me.
You mean that "load" of passengers?
You mean that one shitty guitarist who was kicked out?
You mean that you preferred to speak Swedish rather than Finnish with Marika?
You mean the world to me, you really do.
You mean the world to me.
You mean there's someone else?
You mean they call it "football"?
You mean to say that doing that isn't a serious matter?
You mean to say that the heat does not prevent you from playing football, but that it does prevent you from working?
You mean to say that you know the answer?
You mean to say you don't know?
You mean you couldn't do it.
You mean you didn't do that?
You mean you didn't see Tom at all yesterday?
You mean you didn't see Tom do that?
You mean you didn't see the fight?
You mean you didn't tell her anything?
You mean you didn't tell him anything?
You mean you didn’t tell him anything?
You mean you don't have any more?
You mean you don't object?
You mean you really can't swim?
You mean you really can’t swim?
You mean you spent the entire morning with Jamal?
You mean you're just giving up?
You mean you're short on fuck-buddies?
You mean your hovercraft isn't full of eels?
You mean you’re short on fuck-buddies?
You meant it, didn't you?
You men, you're all selfish and heartless, and us women, who are always loving and compassionate, we're forced to obey you!
You mentioned all the points.
You mentioned something about my mother.
You messed everything up.
You messed up the deal.
You messed up!
You messed up.
You messed with the wrong guy!
You met Mary yesterday.
You met Mary, didn't you?
You met Tom here, didn't you?
You met each other at the airport.
You met friends.
You met him at the university?
You met my sister, didn't you?
You might actually like it.
You might admire the potatoes or the mutton, but you must not talk on any other subject. Nor was it safe even to do that, because if you said, "What capital potatoes!" you were immediately helped to another plateful, and had to finish them, want them or not.
You might also like this book.
You might as well arrest me, too.
You might as well call Tom.
You might as well chew your food well.
You might as well come clean.
You might as well come in.
You might as well come, too.
You might as well do that now.
You might as well eat now.
You might as well give it a shot.
You might as well give it back to Tom.
You might as well give up.
You might as well go home.
You might as well go kill yourself.
You might as well go on home.
You might as well just enjoy life.
You might as well just give up.
You might as well leave.
You might as well read a novel instead of staring at the ceiling.
You might as well reason with the wolf as try to persuade that man.
You might as well stay at home as go to America.
You might as well surrender.
You might as well tell me now.
You might as well throw it away.
You might as well throw it out.
You might as well throw your money away as spend it on gambling.
You might as well throw your money into the sea as lend it to her.
You might as well wait until Tuesday.
You might ask before you use my typewriter.
You might at least have appreciated his kindness.
You might at least have said, "Thank you", when someone helped you.
You might at least say "thank you."
You might at least say thank you.
You might avoid an unpleasant experience.
You might be able to do that.
You might be able to help Tom.
You might be able to help me.
You might be able to help them.
You might be able to help us.
You might be able to talk to Tom later today.
You might be able to trade your truck for a tractor.
You might be arrested at any time.
You might be asked to help out at the charity event.
You might be correct.
You might be in danger.
You might be interested in this.
You might be interested in what I'm doing now.
You might be interested to know Tom has a Ph.D.
You might be interested to know Tom just broke out of prison.
You might be interested to know Tom just got into Harvard.
You might be interested to know that Tom has a Ph.D.
You might be interested to know that Tom just broke out of prison.
You might be interested to know that Tom just got into Harvard.
You might be interested.
You might be late for school.
You might be required to submit a copy of your birth certificate.
You might be right.
You might be smart enough to choose a profession in the future.
You might be surprised at the outcome.
You might be surprised when you hear the answer.
You might be surprised.
You might be the best French speaker here.
You might be the next victim.
You might be the only one here who can do that.
You might be the only one here who can speak French.
You might be the only one who can do that.
You might be wise to remain silent.
You might be wrong.
You might call this a sixth sense.
You might change your mind in a couple of weeks.
You might change your mind later.
You might come back.
You might come out looking like the asshole if you do this.
You might contract a fatal disease if you're not careful.
You might die if you eat that.
You might enjoy this book.
You might enjoy this movie.
You might fall asleep again.
You might find Tom in the library, but I doubt it.
You might find it difficult to do that.
You might find it hard to believe that our Earth is not the centre of creation or this universe.
You might find it useful.
You might find some topics confusing right now.
You might find something that you like in that store.
You might find this book interesting.
You might find this interesting.
You might find this useful.
You might find what you're looking for in one of these books.
You might find you have a favorite piece, as Gufeld had his g7 bishop in the King's Indian Defence.
You might get deported.
You might get fired if you do that that way.
You might get fired if you do that the way Tom suggested.
You might get fired if you do that the way Tom told you to.
You might get fired if you do that.
You might get hurt again if you do that the way you did it last time.
You might get hurt if you aren't careful.
You might get hurt if you do that that way.
You might get hurt if you do that the way Tom suggested.
You might get hurt if you do that the way Tom told you to.
You might get hurt if you tried doing that.
You might get hurt if you're not careful.
You might get hurt.
You might get injured again if you do that the way you did it last time.
You might get injured if you do that that way.
You might get injured if you do that the way Tom suggested.
You might get injured if you do that the way Tom told you to.
You might get injured.
You might get into trouble.
You might get killed if you do that.
You might get lucky.
You might get shot.
You might get something in the mail today.
You might get your papa to hire men to watch in all the chimneys on Christmas Eve to catch Santa Claus, but even if they did not see Santa Claus coming down, what would that prove? Nobody sees Santa Claus, but that is no sign that there is no Santa Claus.
You might go to jail.
You might have added it instead of writing it in comments.
You might have an accident.
You might have been killed.
You might have fooled Tom, but you didn't fool me.
You might have handled that more effectively.
You might have heard of it.
You might have heard of me.
You might have just forgotten.
You might have left it in the car.
You might have left them in the car.
You might have missed a very good opportunity.
You might have missed this, because it's written in small print.
You might have mistaken Jane for her sister.
You might have misunderstood me.
You might have prevented the accident if you hadn't been so inattentive.
You might have some classes together.
You might have the best product in the world, but if no one knows it exists, it is as if it had never been invented.
You might have to do that.
You might have to do this all by yourself.
You might have to eat those words a few years from now.
You might have to go to Australia next month.
You might have to go to Boston next week.
You might have to wait a little.
You might have to wait a while.
You might have to wait for a long time.
You might have to wait for a while.
You might have to wait.
You might have told me about it long ago.
You might have told me.
You might hear a pin drop.
You might hear something.
You might hurt yourself if you aren't careful.
You might hurt yourself if you're not careful.
You might hurt yourselves if you aren't careful.
You might hurt yourselves if you're not careful.
You might just as well throw your money into the sea as lend it to him.
You might just be able to stop me.
You might just be right.
You might just chalk up some brownie points.
You might just see Tom, too.
You might learn how to swim.
You might learn something if you pay attention.
You might learn something.
You might like Chuck's Diner.
You might like doing that.
You might like fishing.
You might like it.
You might like this one.
You might like this.
You might lose your job if you aren't careful.
You might lose your job if you're not careful.
You might meet Tom if you go to the library.
You might meet Tom.
You might meet her.
You might meet him if you go to the library.
You might meet him.
You might need it.
You might need professional help.
You might need someone like Tom.
You might need the calculator now.
You might need those.
You might need to do that.
You might need to go to Australia next month.
You might need to go to Boston next week.
You might need to use a different bathroom.
You might not be able to do that.
You might not be able to open that.
You might not be able to play the piano after your operation.
You might not be able to see Tom.
You might not be so lucky next time.
You might not believe me, but I'm not lying.
You might not believe what I'm about to tell you, so don't be surprised.
You might not believe what I’m about to tell you, so don’t be surprised.
You might not feel like doing that tomorrow.
You might not find it.
You might not get another chance to do that.
You might not get another chance.
You might not have heard about this.
You might not have realized it yet, but I'm crazy about languages.
You might not know me as well as you think.
You might not know who Layla is but she's the best Arabic teacher ever.
You might not like doing that.
You might not like it.
You might not like this beer at first. It's an acquired taste.
You might not like this beer at first. It’s an acquired taste.
You might not like this book.
You might not like this movie very much.
You might not like this.
You might not like what you find.
You might not like what you hear.
You might not like what you see.
You might not need a grater if you have good knife skills.
You might not see everything clearly, due to your young age.
You might not want to buy that much sugar.
You might not want to do that right now.
You might not want to do that today.
You might not want to do that.
You might not want to go there by yourself.
You might not want to mention that.
You might not want to park too close to Tom's car.
You might not want to sing right now.
You might not want to stay up so late tonight.
You might put in a word for me.
You might regret saying that.
You might return.
You might run into Tom in Boston.
You might run into Tom there.
You might say I'm a bit of a dreamer.
You might say that I'm a bit of a dreamer.
You might say that doesn't matter very much, but actually it does.
You might see Tom in Australia.
You might see Tom in Boston.
You might see Tom there.
You might see Tom while you're in Australia.
You might see her there.
You might see him there.
You might see me there.
You might see them there.
You might see us there.
You might think I'm too old for you, but I don't think you're too young for me.
You might think footballers are rich, but the owners of football clubs are much richer.
You might think so, but it's not like that.
You might think that, but that's not how it is.
You might think that; I couldn't possibly comment.
You might try asking Tom.
You might try doing that today.
You might try that.
You might wanna do some cleaning here.
You might wanna think about it.
You might want a little help.
You might want some of this.
You might want this.
You might want to ask Tom that question.
You might want to ask Tom to help you.
You might want to ask Tom.
You might want to be a little more careful next time.
You might want to be more careful in the future.
You might want to bring Tom with you.
You might want to bring a camera with you.
You might want to bring an umbrella with you.
You might want to buy one of those.
You might want to call Tom and have him pick you up.
You might want to call a lawyer now.
You might want to change into some clean clothes.
You might want to change into something more comfortable.
You might want to check that out.
You might want to check this out.
You might want to childproof those electrical sockets.
You might want to come over and play poker with me and my friends next Friday evening.
You might want to consider buying some new tires for your car.
You might want to consider doing that somewhere else.
You might want to consider getting some new tyres for your car.
You might want to discuss it with Tom.
You might want to do that today.
You might want to encourage Tom to do his own homework early.
You might want to get in on it.
You might want to give this back to Tom.
You might want to glance at this.
You might want to go there by yourself.
You might want to go with me.
You might want to go with us.
You might want to go.
You might want to grab some sleep.
You might want to have someone look into that matter.
You might want to have someone look into that.
You might want to help Tom a little.
You might want to know this.
You might want to leave a little earlier today.
You might want to leave that.
You might want to look that word up.
You might want to lose a few pounds.
You might want to lose the dinner jacket.
You might want to lose the tie.
You might want to make a note of that.
You might want to put this someplace safe.
You might want to read this while we're waiting.
You might want to reconsider that move, Tom.
You might want to reconsider that.
You might want to reconsider your decision.
You might want to reconsider.
You might want to rethink that.
You might want to save some cake for Tom.
You might want to see a doctor.
You might want to sit down.
You might want to sit down. This is going to take a while.
You might want to spend a little more time studying.
You might want to start telling the truth.
You might want to stay seated.
You might want to steer clear of Tom.
You might want to study French.
You might want to study a little harder before the next test.
You might want to study harder for the next test.
You might want to study in the library.
You might want to study with Tom.
You might want to take a look at this.
You might want to take an afternoon nap.
You might want to take off your shoes.
You might want to talk to Tom.
You might want to talk to her.
You might want to talk to him.
You might want to talk to them.
You might want to tell that to Tom.
You might want to think about this a little bit longer.
You might want to think about this a little longer.
You might want to think about what needs to be done.
You might want to try a little harder to be on time the next time.
You might want to try going on a diet.
You might want to try it sometime.
You might want to try studying in the library.
You might want to try to catch an earlier train.
You might want to try to get here earlier tomorrow.
You might want to try working out a bit.
You might want to use this.
You might want to wait over there.
You might want to watch your step.
You might want to wear a jacket.
You might well ask her why she dislikes you.
You might win a prize.
You might win, and you might not.
You might win.
You might've been able to do that if Tom had helped you.
You might've been able to fool Tom, but you won't be able to fool Mary.
You might've been killed.
You might've been seen.
You might've fooled Tom, but you didn't fool me.
You might've gotten killed.
You might've heard of it.
You might've left it in the car.
You might've misunderstood me.
You might've said something earlier.
You milked the cow.
You mill mine, and I'll mill the village chief's.
You mind if I join you?
You mind if I smoke a joint?
You mind turning off the radio?
You mind your own business.
You misinterpreted my actions.
You misinterpreted what I wrote.
You misled me.
You misled us.
You misplaced the keys and caused a delay.
You mispronounced all the words.
You misread what I wrote.
You misread.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
You miss Boston, don't you?
You miss Tom a lot, don't you?
You miss Tom, don't you?
You miss her a lot, don't you?
You miss her, don't you?
You miss him a lot, don't you?
You miss him, don't you?
You miss it, don't you?
You miss me.
You miss the nuances of women's feelings.
You miss them a lot, don't you?
You miss them, don't you?
You miss your brother.
You miss your wife, don't you?
You miss your wives, don't you?
You miss!
You miss.
You missed Tom by about three hours.
You missed Tom, didn't you?
You missed a good show yesterday.
You missed a great party last night.
You missed a lot.
You missed a meeting this morning.
You missed a spot there.
You missed a spot.
You missed all the fun last night.
You missed all the fun.
You missed an appointment.
You missed an exciting game.
You missed everything.
You missed her, didn't you?
You missed him, didn't you?
You missed it.
You missed me, didn't you?
You missed me.
You missed one.
You missed out on a great party!
You missed something.
You missed the best part of the game.
You missed the best part!
You missed the best part.
You missed the fun part.
You missed the game.
You missed the last train.
You missed the meeting.
You missed the point entirely.
You missed the point.
You missed the target.
You missed the train.
You missed them, didn't you?
You missed two assignments; you will have to make them up at once.
You missed us, didn't you?
You missed your chance to do that.
You missed your chance.
You missed your ten o'clock appointment.
You missed your ten o'clock.
You missed.
You misspelled my tattoo!
You misspelled the word "perfection."
You misspelled this word.
You mistook the salt for sugar and put it in your coffee?! How careless can you get?
You mistreated her.
You misunderstand me!
You misunderstand me.
You misunderstood me.
You misunderstood the sentence.
You misunderstood the whole thing.
You misunderstood this word's meaning.
You misunderstood what I said.
You mixed everything together.
You mock my intelligence.
You monster!
You moron.
You most certainly will need to do that now.
You mother has always said she would give her eyeteeth for your beautiful curly hair.
You move according to your desires.
You move like the river, steady and sure.
You move like the wind, free and sure.
You move through life with quiet grace.
You move through life with quiet purpose.
You move with quiet dignity.
You move with quiet power.
You move with quiet strength.
You move with the elegance of a gentle breeze.
You move.
You moved house.
You moved to the west.
You moved.
You muddy the waters in order to catch fish.
You mumble a lot.
You mumble.
You mumbled.
You musn't be thinking straight.
You musn't forget your schoolbooks.
You musn't scratch your spots.
You must RSVP by the end of the week.
You must absolutely not lick the floor.
You must accept me, as I am.
You must accept that along with others.
You must accept the king of Spain as your leader.
You must accept your role.
You must accommodate your plans to mine.
You must account for your absence from the meeting.
You must account for your absence.
You must account for your conduct.
You must account for your neglect of duty.
You must acquire as soon as possible a good knowledge of business English.
You must act according to your principles.
You must act in accordance with the rules.
You must act like a man.
You must act more wisely.
You must act now.
You must act under the leadership of your supervisor.
You must activate the software before you can use it again.
You must adapt to a variety of conditions.
You must add a teaspoon of sugar.
You must admit that you are in the wrong.
You must admit that you could not have done it without my advice.
You must admit that you don't feel any time per se isolated from the movement.
You must admit this would present quite a slippery slope.
You must advance step by step.
You must align the faucet spout with the sink drain.
You must all leave.
You must allow Tom to go.
You must allow for his being ill.
You must allow for his youth.
You must allow me to help.
You must allow us to finish.
You must also respect the opinions of the minority.
You must always do what is right.
You must always keep your hands clean.
You must always say the truth.
You must always tell the truth.
You must always wear a seat belt during car journeys.
You must always wear a seat belt when driving.
You must always wear a seat belt while travelling in a car.
You must analyze all the data before drawing a conclusion.
You must answer for your careless conduct.
You must answer his letter, and that at once.
You must answer honestly.
You must answer the question.
You must answer these questions.
You must answer this letter immediately.
You must apologize for what you said.
You must apologize to Tom for coming late.
You must apologize to Tom, and do it at once.
You must apologize to Tom.
You must apologize to her for coming late.
You must apologize to her, and do it at once.
You must apologize to her, and that at once.
You must appeal to public opinion to win the election.
You must appropriately review the outcome of your bargain.
You must arrive before midnight.
You must ask for permission.
You must ask them.
You must assess the situation and act accordingly.
You must assimilate into new surroundings.
You must associate with people of good character.
You must attach this label to your suitcase.
You must attend to what she says.
You must attend to your work.
You must avail yourself of every opportunity.
You must avoid making such mistakes.
You must avoid making those kinds of mistakes.
You must avoid misbehaving in order to be a honourable person.
You must avoid walking on this road because there are always dogs.
You must be 18 years or older to enter.
You must be Canadian.
You must be Jim's friends.
You must be Mary's husband.
You must be Miss Kenny.
You must be Mrs. Jackson.
You must be Salas, our Berber teacher.
You must be Sami's mother.
You must be Tim Norton.
You must be Tom Jackson.
You must be Tom and Mary.
You must be Tom's brother.
You must be Tom's brother?
You must be Tom's father.
You must be Tom's friends.
You must be Tom's mother.
You must be Tom's parents.
You must be Tom's sister.
You must be Tom's wife.
You must be Tom's younger brother.
You must be Tom.
You must be Yanni. I'm Skura.
You must be Ziri's stepmom. Nice to meet you!
You must be Ziri.
You must be a bit more cooperative.
You must be a disappointment to your parents.
You must be a fool to do such a thing.
You must be a fool.
You must be a friend of Tom's.
You must be a good athlete to have run a mile in such a short time.
You must be a good athlete to run one mile in such a short amount of time.
You must be a good cook.
You must be a good swimmer.
You must be a good walker to have walked all the way.
You must be a late riser.
You must be a smart girl.
You must be a very violent guy.
You must be able to speak French for this job.
You must be able to speak either English or Spanish in this company.
You must be able to stand up for your own truth.
You must be about thirteen years old.
You must be above such mean conduct.
You must be absolutely quiet.
You must be accurate in counting.
You must be adequately prepared.
You must be alert.
You must be an extraordinary teacher.
You must be an idiot!
You must be angry.
You must be asleep.
You must be at least 17 years old to donate blood.
You must be at least eighteen to view this sentence.
You must be at least one hundred and fifty centimeters to ride the ride.
You must be at least thirteen years old to be a member of our club.
You must be at the airport 3 hours before departure.
You must be at the station at five o'clock at the latest.
You must be at the station at five o’clock at the latest.
You must be at the station before five.
You must be at the station by 2:30.
You must be at the station by 5 o'clock.
You must be at the station by 5 o’clock.
You must be at the train station before five o'clock.
You must be aware of the consequences of your online actions.
You must be aware of the risks associated with online predators.
You must be back before ten.
You must be back by 10 o'clock.
You must be back by 10 o’clock.
You must be back on Sunday at the latest.
You must be blind as a bat if you couldn't see it.
You must be blind as a bat if you couldn’t see it.
You must be blind.
You must be bored.
You must be busy.
You must be careful from now on.
You must be careful in choosing your friends.
You must be careful in crossing the road.
You must be careful in crossing the street.
You must be careful not to drop the eggs.
You must be careful not to get angry.
You must be careful not to make Tom angry.
You must be careful not to make him angry.
You must be careful not to make his anger flare up.
You must be careful not to put yourself in anyone's way.
You must be careful not to waste time.
You must be careful of the traffic when you cross the street.
You must be careful of yourself.
You must be careful that she doesn't fall over the cliff.
You must be careful that she doesn’t fall over the cliff.
You must be careful when crossing a busy street.
You must be careful when swimming in the sea.
You must be careful when talking to a European.
You must be careful when walking.
You must be careful when you drive a car.
You must be careful when you write answers in a test.
You must be careful with the wine glass.
You must be careful.
You must be cautious.
You must be cold right now.
You must be completely still and walk on your tip-toes. The baby is asleep.
You must be confused.
You must be courageous enough to look within yourself.
You must be courteous to any guest.
You must be crazy to go into the snow without a coat.
You must be crazy to ride a bicycle that has no brakes!
You must be crazy!
You must be crazy.
You must be creative in composing a piece of music.
You must be deeply relieved.
You must be deliberate in selecting a partner.
You must be desperate to do that.
You must be desperate.
You must be disappointed.
You must be doing very well.
You must be doing wonderfully in everything.
You must be exhausted, my dear.
You must be exhausted.
You must be faithful to your word.
You must be feeling better.
You must be flexible in your thinking.
You must be freezing.
You must be friendly with your neighbors.
You must be from Australia.
You must be from a well-off family.
You must be frustrated.
You must be fun at parties.
You must be getting tired of listening to everyone's personal problems.
You must be happy after getting such a good mark in the test.
You must be happy now that Tom and Mary are here.
You must be happy now that Tom is here.
You must be happy.
You must be here by five.
You must be here till five.
You must be here, Tom.
You must be hiding something.
You must be homesick.
You must be hungry after school is over.
You must be hungry after working hard all day.
You must be hungry to eat so much rice.
You must be hungry.
You must be in good physical condition.
You must be in love.
You must be in possession of a valid ticket.
You must be joking!
You must be joking! I can't find my passport!
You must be joking.
You must be just to them.
You must be kicking yourself.
You must be kidding me!
You must be kidding me.
You must be kidding!
You must be kind to old people.
You must be kind to others.
You must be less impatient.
You must be light like a bird and not like a feather.
You must be losing your mind.
You must be lost.
You must be loyal.
You must be mad at Tom.
You must be mad if you think that you'll be able to find food in the wasteland.
You must be mad!
You must be mad.
You must be mentally exhausted.
You must be mindful of your family responsibilities.
You must be miserable.
You must be mistaken.
You must be mistaken. My name is Pierre.
You must be more aggressive.
You must be more careful about spelling and punctuation.
You must be more careful from now on.
You must be more careful in driving a car.
You must be more careful to avoid making a gross mistake.
You must be more careful when you're writing in French.
You must be more patient.
You must be more polite.
You must be more tolerant.
You must be more united than ever.
You must be much better, thank God.
You must be much better.
You must be new around here.
You must be new here.
You must be out of your mind to say that.
You must be out of your mind.
You must be patient.
You must be polite to your elders.
You must be polite.
You must be prepared and have the necessary equipment.
You must be prepared for an emergency.
You must be prepared for the fact that he could drop by at any moment.
You must be present at the meeting.
You must be pretty rich.
You must be pretty upset.
You must be proud of your children.
You must be proud of your daughter.
You must be proud.
You must be psychologically prepared before beginning.
You must be punished for what you did.
You must be punished for what you've done.
You must be quick, otherwise you will not see her.
You must be quite a liar.
You must be quite accustomed to using chopsticks by now.
You must be really good at work.
You must be really hungry.
You must be really proud.
You must be really tired and hungry.
You must be really tired.
You must be referring to superintendent Yazid.
You must be right.
You must be sad as you have lost one of your friends.
You must be sad as you've lost one of your friends.
You must be sad since you lost one of your friends.
You must be scared.
You must be seen by a doctor.
You must be sick of doing this.
You must be skeptical of false information or rumors online.
You must be sleepy.
You must be so angry.
You must be so proud of Tom.
You must be so proud of her.
You must be so proud of him.
You must be so proud.
You must be so tired.
You must be starving now after your long walk.
You must be starving to death.
You must be starving.
You must be strong.
You must be superior to me in this skill.
You must be tempted to do that.
You must be terribly tired.
You must be terrified.
You must be the Jacksons.
You must be the change you want to see in the world.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
You must be the detective, right?
You must be the new guy.
You must be the new teacher.
You must be the temporary we asked for.
You must be thinking you're the cutest person on the planet, huh?
You must be thirsty.
You must be thirteen years old or older to be a member of our club.
You must be thrilled.
You must be tired after such a long trip.
You must be tired of all Tom's complaining.
You must be tired, but hang on 'til 3.
You must be tired, but hang on ’til 3.
You must be tired.
You must be under oath.
You must be vaccinated against rabies.
You must be very busy now.
You must be very busy these days.
You must be very busy.
You must be very careful when you do that.
You must be very careful with this.
You must be very excited.
You must be very exhausted.
You must be very good.
You must be very happy.
You must be very hungry by now.
You must be very hungry now.
You must be very hungry.
You must be very naive to be taken in by such a story.
You must be very pleased.
You must be very proud of Tom.
You must be very proud of her.
You must be very proud of him.
You must be very proud of me.
You must be very proud of them.
You must be very proud of us.
You must be very proud of your children.
You must be very proud of your daughter.
You must be very proud of your son.
You must be very proud.
You must be very rich.
You must be very special.
You must be very talented, so as I!
You must be very tired.
You must be very worried about Tom.
You must be very worried about what's going on.
You must be vigilant.
You must be willing to commit to the program for at least a year.
You must be working all the hours of the day.
You must be working hard.
You must be worn out after working all day.
You must be worried.
You must bear in mind what I've just said to you.
You must bear in mind what I’ve just said to you.
You must bear it in mind.
You must bear my advice in mind.
You must befriend the bacteria that live in your gut.
You must begin a sentence with a capital letter.
You must begin with books like these that are easily understood.
You must behave yourself like a man.
You must believe Tom.
You must believe me.
You must believe that change can happen.
You must beware of strange dogs.
You must bind yourself to keep the promise.
You must bind yourself to keep your promise.
You must bow to your seniors.
You must break some eggs to make a cake.
You must break the vicious circle.
You must bring home to her the importance of the matter.
You must bring home to him the importance of the matter.
You must bring proceedings against him.
You must bring the full glass with you.
You must bring the person who is immediately concerned with the accident.
You must bring your passport with you to the bank.
You must build up your courage.
You must buy a ticket to get on the bus.
You must buy it.
You must buy milk, eggs, butter, and so on.
You must by here by 2:30.
You must capitalize on the opportunity.
You must carry out your first plan.
You must carry the keys with you at all times.
You must carry the task through to the end.
You must catch the animal alive.
You must certainly be very hungry now.
You must certainly vote in the elections.
You must change the file name.
You must change your shirt - it's got wet.
You must change your shirt - it’s got wet.
You must change, this can't go on like this.
You must check for fuel contamination before a flight. This can be done at the fuel sumps and the fuel strainer.
You must check out by 11:00 am at the latest.
You must cherish your freedoms.
You must choose between honor and death.
You must choose the second-best policy according to the circumstances.
You must choose.
You must clean your hands before meals.
You must clean your room every day.
You must clean your room.
You must clear the table.
You must close it for him.
You must come and have a chat with us.
You must come at once.
You must come back at once.
You must come back before 2:30.
You must come back before it gets dark.
You must come back before nine o'clock.
You must come back before nine o’clock.
You must come back within 24 hours.
You must come every six months for a check-up.
You must come here tomorrow.
You must come home.
You must come in.
You must come quickly.
You must come to Australia.
You must come to Boston sometime.
You must come to Boston.
You must come to the party by all means.
You must come tomorrow.
You must come with me.
You must come with us.
You must come without fail.
You must come.
You must compensate him for the money he lost.
You must compensate the loss.
You must complete the treatment until the end.
You must complete this last part of the journey on your own.
You must comply.
You must concentrate entirely on your recovery.
You must concentrate your attention on what you are doing.
You must conduct the orchestra well.
You must confine yourself to your room, on pretence of a headache, when your stepfather comes back.
You must conform to the rules.
You must confront your inner demon.
You must conquer your fear of the dark.
You must consider it before you answer.
You must consider the other parties’ feelings before you speak!
You must consider the other parties’ feelings, and then speak!
You must consider their proposal.
You must consider this problem as a whole.
You must consider what kind of work you want to do.
You must consider your health.
You must continue to study.
You must continue to train.
You must contribute to Tatoeba only in your mother tongue.
You must control your temper, Tom.
You must control yourself.
You must convert dollars into the local currency.
You must convince Tom to stop smoking.
You must convince Tom.
You must convince yourself that I'm not yours.
You must convince yourself that there are no other possibilities.
You must copy this sentence one hundred times.
You must cover your head.
You must cultivate your mind.
You must cut down on extra expenses in order to live within your means.
You must decide for yourself.
You must decide whether you will go by train or by plane.
You must decide.
You must deny it.
You must develop an awareness of your strengths.
You must die.
You must disassociate yourself from them.
You must do all you can lest you should regret later.
You must do as I say.
You must do as I tell you.
You must do as Tom says.
You must do as he says.
You must do as she says.
You must do as you are told to do.
You must do as you are told.
You must do as you see fit.
You must do as you're told.
You must do better than that.
You must do everything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
You must do everything Tom tells you to do.
You must do exactly as I tell you.
You must do exactly what I tell you.
You must do it at once.
You must do it by the end of this week.
You must do it even if you don't want to.
You must do it even if you don’t want to.
You must do it for Tom.
You must do it for yourself.
You must do it if Tom orders it to you.
You must do it much more carefully.
You must do it now.
You must do it quickly.
You must do it right now.
You must do it this way.
You must do it yourself.
You must do it, like it or not.
You must do it.
You must do that again.
You must do that at once.
You must do that by the end of the week.
You must do that even if you don't feel like it.
You must do that even if you don't want to.
You must do that first.
You must do that more carefully next time.
You must do that quickly.
You must do that the way Tom told you to.
You must do that tomorrow.
You must do that yourself.
You must do that.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
You must do the work even if you don't like it.
You must do the work even if you don’t like it.
You must do the work, even if you do not like it.
You must do this alone.
