We're willing to negotiate.
We're willing to try new things.
We're winners.
We're winning the match.
We're winning the media war.
We're winning the narrative war.
We're winning.
We're with Tom.
We're with the CIA.
We're with the FBI.
We're with you, Maduro.
We're with you.
We're witnesses.
We're witnessing a surge in Algerian nationalism.
We're witnessing an unprecedented surge in Algerian nationalism.
We're witnessing the fall of Washington's global hegemony.
We're workaholics.
We're working as fast as we can.
We're working as hard as possible.
We're working at the moment.
We're working for peanuts.
We're working for world peace.
We're working for you.
We're working hard on it.
We're working hard to get the project finished by October.
We're working hard to make up for lost time.
We're working hard to reach our goals.
We're working hard.
We're working here, and he's just watching.
We're working here.
We're working on a contingency plan.
We're working on a lead.
We're working on a limited budget.
We're working on a new system.
We're working on an interesting lead.
We're working on getting that done.
We're working on it now.
We're working on it.
We're working on our marriage.
We're working on our website.
We're working on something that needs to be finished by the end of the day.
We're working on that now.
We're working on that right now.
We're working on that.
We're working on the arrangements.
We're working on the problem.
We're working on the project together.
We're working on this issue.
We're working on women's rights.
We're working to fix this bug.
We're working to prevent fires.
We're working together on that project.
We're working together on the case.
We're working together.
We're working very hard on that.
We're working.
We're worlds apart.
We're worn out.
We're worried about Algeria's economy.
We're worried about Grandma and Grandpa.
We're worried about Grandpa and Grandma.
We're worried about Tom.
We're worried about her.
We're worried about him.
We're worried about his health.
We're worried about them.
We're worried about what could happen.
We're worried about what might happen next.
We're worried about what might happen.
We're worried about you, Tom.
We're worried about you.
We're worried about your health.
We're worried.
We're worse off now than before.
We're worse off now than we've ever been.
We're writers.
We're writing an article for the school newspaper.
We're writing in modern Berber.
We're writing something.
We're writing.
We're yelling at our computer.
We're yelling.
We're yodelers.
We're yoga teachers.
We're young.
We're your biggest fans!
We're your family.
We're your flesh and blood.
We're your friends, Tom.
We're your friends.
We're your last hope.
We're your neighbors.
We've a lot of revising to do between now and the exam.
We've a lot to thank Tom for.
We've accepted our different perspectives.
We've accomplished a lot of things.
We've accomplished a lot.
We've accomplished almost everything that we set out to do.
We've accomplished almost everything we set out to do.
We've accomplished everything we set out to do.
We've accomplished that goal.
We've accomplished what we set out to do.
We've achieved a lot in the past three years.
We've achieved nothing at all.
We've achieved our objectives.
We've actually met before.
We've adopted Tom.
We've adopted a boy.
We've agreed on everything.
We've agreed to do that together.
We've agreed to do that.
We've agreed to go to Australia.
We've agreed to see each other tomorrow.
We've agreed to travel together.
We've agreed.
We've all agreed.
We've all become communists.
We've all been complaining about that.
We've all been conned!
We've all been dead for centuries.
We've all been here before.
We've all been laid off.
We've all been lucky.
We've all been praying for this to happen.
We've all been praying for you.
We've all been scammed!
We've all been swindled!
We've all been talking about it.
We've all been there before.
We've all been there.
We've all been through a lot together.
We've all been together since middle school.
We've all been tricked!
We've all been working hard.
We've all been wrong in the past.
We've all been wrong.
We've all bought stuff from that store.
We've all come to Boston to attend Tom and Mary's wedding.
We've all done it.
We've all done stupid stuff when we're drunk.
We've all done that a few times.
We've all done that at least once.
We've all done that before.
We've all done that.
We've all done things that we wish we hadn't.
We've all done things we wish we hadn't done.
We've all done things we're ashamed of.
We've all done things we're not proud of.
We've all got ears.
We've all got one.
We've all got our troubles.
We've all got to do better.
We've all got to do it again tomorrow.
We've all got to leave early.
We've all got to look after each other.
We've all got to start somewhere.
We've all got to work together.
We've all grown a little wiser.
We've all had a hard day's work. Let's get some rest.
We've all had a rough day.
We've all had our moments.
We've all have our experiences, kid.
We've all heard about you.
We've all heard that money can't buy happiness.
We've all heard the rumors.
We've all left early.
We've all lied at one time or another.
We've all lived in Australia since we were born.
We've all lived in Boston since we were born.
We've all made mistakes.
We've all missed you.
We've all moved on.
We've all read that one.
We've all said nice things about Tom.
We've all seen it before.
We've all seen it.
We've all seen that before.
We've all seen the way Tom looks at Mary.
We've all taught French here for a few years.
We've allowed for that possibility.
We've allowed for that.
We've almost done it.
We've almost finished doing everything that needs to be done.
We've almost finished.
We've almost got it.
We've almost made it.
We've already accomplished a lot.
We've already achieved that.
We've already admonished him.
We've already asked her father a favor.
We've already asked his father a favor.
We've already asked their father a favor.
We've already been here a few hours.
We've already been here for a few hours.
We've already been here for over an hour.
We've already been here several times.
We've already been married for three years.
We've already been over this.
We've already been through this.
We've already been to Boston.
We've already been told about what Tom did.
We've already been told what to do.
We've already been waiting for three hours.
We've already begun.
We've already bought everything we need.
We've already bought our tickets.
We've already chosen.
We've already cleaned up the mess.
We've already considered that.
We've already covered the subject.
We've already covered this subject.
We've already dealt with that problem.
We've already decided not to do that.
We've already decided not to leave early.
We've already decided that we'll go to Australia in October.
We've already decided that we'll go to Boston in October.
We've already decided that we're not going to do that.
We've already decided to do that.
We've already decided to leave early.
We've already decided we'll go to Australia in October.
We've already decided.
We've already discussed it.
We've already discussed that.
We've already discussed this.
We've already done a lot for Tom.
We've already done everything that was absolutely necessary.
We've already done everything that we need to do.
We've already done everything they've asked us to do.
We've already done everything we can do.
We've already done everything we have to do.
We've already done everything we need to do.
We've already done it three times.
We've already done our part.
We've already done our work.
We've already done that several times.
We've already done that.
We've already eaten everything.
We've already eaten lunch.
We've already eaten.
We've already eliminated half the possibilities.
We've already evacuated close to three hundred people.
We've already finished doing that.
We've already finished.
We've already gone most of the way.
We've already gone over that.
We've already had a family commitment.
We've already had lunch.
We've already had several discussions about that.
We've already hired a lawyer.
We've already learned a lot.
We've already lived for three years in this city.
We've already lost three days.
We've already made a lot of progress.
We've already made all the necessary changes.
We've already made an offer.
We've already made so many sacrifices.
We've already made some headway.
We've already made up.
We've already mentioned Tom.
We've already met everybody.
We've already met everyone.
We've already met.
We've already met. Do you remember?
We've already missed a few deadlines.
We've already opened all the presents.
We've already paid our rent.
We've already paid.
We've already partied all night.
We've already poured a great deal of money into this project.
We've already prepared for the millennium bug.
We've already published these pictures.
We've already reported many of them to the authorities.
We've already resolved the matter.
We've already run so far afield of our original purpose.
We've already seen this material.
We've already seen this movie.
We've already sent a message to Tom.
We've already sent for them.
We've already sent out invitations.
We've already sent out the invitations.
We've already settled that.
We've already spent many hours doing that.
We've already spent over three hours discussing this.
We've already spent too much time doing this.
We've already spent way too much time doing this.
We've already spoken to Tom, but we haven't spoken to Mary yet.
We've already spoken to Tom.
We've already spoken to the police about that.
We've already started doing that.
We've already started to do that.
We've already started.
We've already stored our furs for the winter.
We've already survived many difficult situations.
We've already taken care of a lot of those problems.
We've already taken care of that.
We've already taken your name off the list.
We've already talked about that topic.
We've already talked about that.
We've already talked about the matter ad nauseam.
We've already talked about this.
We've already talked to Tom three times about that matter.
We've already talked with Tom.
We've already told Mary what she needs to do.
We've already told Tom about what happened.
We've already told Tom and Mary what they need to do.
We've already told Tom what he needs to do.
We've already told Tom.
We've already told our parents.
We've already tried that.
We've already tried to do it that way.
We've already tried.
We've already voted.
We've already waited three days.
We've already waited too long.
We've already wasted a lot of time.
We've already wasted enough time on this.
We've already wasted enough time.
We've already watched this movie.
We've already won this battle.
We've also been contemplating what else my daughter wants to make for Mother's Day.
We've also talked to many different scientists about this, and they disagreed on a lot of things.
We've altered course.
We've always been able to talk to each other.
We've always been competitive.
We've always been friends.
We've always been good friends.
We've always been interested in ballet.
We've always been poor.
We've always been told to do what's best for us.
We've always been very good fuck buddies.
We've always believed in you.
We've always done it like that.
We've always done it this way.
We've always got on well with each other.
We've always got on well.
We've always had a good relationship.
We've always had a lot of fun when we visited Boston.
We've always had the best.
We've always lived here.
We've always lived in Australia.
We've always lived in Boston.
We've always protected you.
We've always spent summer vacations together since we were kids.
We've always treated you well.
We've amassed a fortune.
We've applied for a grant.
We've arranged a car to pick you up.
We've arranged a parley.
We've arranged everything.
We've arranged to meet at 2:30.
We've arranged to meet this afternoon for a walk in the woods.
We've arranged to meet this afternoon to go walking in the woods.
We've arrived a little late.
We've arrived at the station.
We've arrived pretty quickly, haven't we?
We've arrived safe and sound.
We've arrived safely in Australia.
We've arrived safely.
We've arrived!
We've arrived.
We've asked for more details.
We've asked our dad if we could go to the cinema.
We've bagged many awards for excellence.
We've baked some cakes for them.
We've barely begun.
We've become a hindrance to them.
We've become a mockery to the whole village.
We've become a nation of beggars.
We've become accustomed to the cold.
We've become close friends.
We've become excellent friends since we share a common interest, which is music.
We've become good friends.
We've become like brothers.
We've become like siblings.
We've become much more selective.
We've become quite fond of one another.
We've become the laughing stock of the whole village.
We've become the very best of friends.
We've been abandoned.
We've been able to identify three of the victims.
We've been accused of ingratitude.
We've been accused of theft.
We've been acting this way since the origins of the world.
We've been acting this way since time immemorial.
We've been affected a lot.
We've been all over the neighborhood.
We've been ambushed.
We've been around a long time.
We've been asked not to do that again.
We've been asked not to do that anymore.
We've been asked not to do that.
We've been asked not to do this any more.
We've been asked not to leave.
We've been asked not to say anything to Tom about this.
We've been asked to do that before we go home.
We've been asked to do that.
We've been asked to help.
We've been asked to investigate.
We've been asked to leave.
We've been asked to not do this anymore.
We've been asked to self-quarantine for two weeks.
We've been asking the wrong kind of questions.
We've been at this for hours.
We've been at this for three hours.
We've been attacked.
We've been away.
We've been better.
We've been busy doing other things.
We've been busy.
We've been checking the place out.
We've been chosen.
We've been cleared for departure.
We've been close friends for many years.
We've been close our entire lives.
We've been communicating regularly.
We've been cooped up inside all day. Let's go out for a walk.
We've been cooperative.
We've been cycling a lot this summer.
We've been dating for a couple of months now.
We've been dating for a while.
We've been dating for three months now.
We've been dating for three months.
We've been dating three years.
We've been deceived.
We've been defeated.
We've been delayed by a traffic jam, so we'll need to hurry.
We've been discovered.
We've been disqualified.
We've been divorced for a while.
We've been doing business for years.
We've been doing it the hard way.
We've been doing just fine.
We've been doing some gardening.
We've been doing that all year.
We've been doing that for the last three years.
We've been doing that for three years.
We've been doing that for years.
We've been doing this for a long time.
We've been doing this for over three years now.
We've been doing this for three years.
We've been doing this for years.
We've been doing this long enough.
We've been doing this since the mother of the world existed.
We've been doing this since the world began.
We've been doing this the wrong way.
We've been down that road.
We've been down this road before.
We've been down this road too many times, Tom.
We've been down this road.
We've been driving for a couple of hours through the Algerian countryside.
We've been driving in circles for an hour.
We've been driving in circles for an hour. Where are we?
We've been duped.
We've been dying to know the answer.
We've been eating a lot of beans lately.
We've been eating the same thing for weeks! I can't take it any more!
We've been eating the same thing for weeks! I'm fed up with it!
We've been expecting Tom.
We've been expecting her.
We've been expecting him.
We've been expecting rain for the past week.
We've been expecting them.
We've been expecting you.
We've been exploring the alternatives.
We've been exposed.
We've been fairly busy today.
We've been far too lenient with Tom.
We've been fighting a lot lately.
We've been fighting every night.
We've been fine, by and large.
We've been fooled before.
We've been fooling ourselves.
We've been forgetting about Tom.
We've been forgotten.
We've been fortunate.
We've been friends a long time.
We've been friends all our lives.
We've been friends ever since.
We've been friends for a long time.
We've been friends for over thirty years.
We've been friends for thirty years.
We've been friends for three years.
We've been friends for years.
We've been friends since I was 6 months old.
We've been friends since we were kids.
We've been friends.
We've been getting a lot of rain lately.
We've been getting a lot of rain.
We've been given a second chance.
We've been given another chance.
We've been given several tasks to do.
We've been given three hours to get this done.
We've been going about this all wrong.
We've been going out three months.
We've been going out with each other for three years.
We've been good friends for a long time.
We've been good friends for three years.
We've been good friends for years.
We've been good so far.
We've been granted only a temporary reprieve.
We've been had.
We've been harassed before.
We've been having a busy night.
We've been having a lot of fun here in Australia.
We've been having a lot of fun here in Boston.
We've been having a lot of fun.
We've been having a wonderful time in Boston.
We've been having awful weather.
We've been having good weather.
We've been having horrible weather.
We've been having marital problems.
We've been having some problems.
We've been having strange weather the past few years.
We've been having the time of our lives.
We've been having this problem for a long time.
We've been having tons of fun.
We've been helping Tom.
We've been helping them.
We've been here a couple months.
We've been here a few hours.
We've been here a long time.
We've been here a while.
We've been here almost three hours.
We've been here an hour.
We've been here before.
We've been here for a couple hours.
We've been here for a couple of minutes.
We've been here for a long time.
We've been here for a while.
We've been here for months.
We've been here for quite a while.
We've been here for the last couple of days.
We've been here for three days.
We've been here for three hours.
We've been here for three weeks now.
We've been here for three years.
We've been here long enough.
We've been here over an hour.
We've been here several times.
We've been here since 2013.
We've been here since 2:30.
We've been here since October.
We've been here three days.
We've been here too long.
We've been hiking since dawn.
We've been hired to solve this problem.
We've been hit.
We've been hoping to encounter them for ages.
We've been horsing around too much; it's high time we got down to brass tacks.
We've been idle all morning.
We've been improving every year.
We've been in Australia for quite a while.
We've been in Boston for quite a while.
We've been in business for three years.
We've been in contact.
We've been in dangerous situations before.
We've been in tighter jams than this before.
We've been incredibly blessed.
We've been incredibly lucky.
We've been invaded by our enemies.
We've been invaded.
We've been investigating the murder of Tom Jackson.
We've been invited to Tom's for dinner.
We've been invited to a costume party.
We've been invited to dinner this evening.
We've been invited to the opening ceremony.
We've been kidding ourselves.
We've been kind of busy today.
We've been kind of busy.
We've been laughing all day about that.
We've been learning English for three years.
We've been letting them get away with it.
We've been lied to before.
We've been lied to so many times.
We've been lied to.
We've been listening to a lot of trip hop.
We've been living here for a long time.
We've been living here since January.
We've been living here since July.
We've been living here since October.
We've been living in Australia for a long time.
We've been living in Boston for a long time.
We've been living in Rio for four years.
We've been living together for the last three years.
We've been looking all over for you, Tom.
We've been looking all over for you.
We've been looking for Lucia for two days.
We've been looking for Tom all morning, but we still haven't found him.
We've been looking for Tom for a long time.
We've been looking for Tom.
We've been looking for them.
We've been looking for you everywhere.
We've been looking for you.
We've been looking in all the wrong places.
We've been looking in the wrong places.
We've been looking round the city centre all day.
We've been looking.
We've been luckier than most people.
We've been lucky that no one has been hurt.
We've been lucky, I think.
We've been lucky.
We've been making music from even before we began writing.
We've been married for 30 years.
We've been married for five years.
We've been married for nearly thirty years.
We've been married for thirteen years.
We've been married for thirty years.
We've been married for three years now.
We've been married for three years.
We've been married more than thirty years.
We've been married thirty years.
We've been married three years.
We've been matched up with some strong teams this year.
We've been mates for years.
We've been meaning to talk to you about that.
We've been meeting here once a week for the past year.
We've been moping around too much. It's time to pull ourselves together and keep trying.
We've been more skillful.
We've been much busier than we expected to be.
We've been neighbours for more than 10 years.
We've been on a roll.
We've been on strike for three weeks.
We've been ordered not to do that.
We've been ordered to attack.
We've been ordered to do that.
We've been ordered to investigate.
We've been out looking for them.
We've been out of touch with each other for a long time.
We've been outmaneuvered.
We've been over it three times already.
We've been over it three times.
We've been over that.
We've been over this a thousand times.
We've been over this before.
We've been over this.
We've been pals for years.
We've been patient.
We've been planning this for months.
We've been planning this for over a year now.
We've been planning this trip for 6 months.
We've been planning this trip for the past three months.
We've been planning this trip for three months.
We've been planning this trip since October.
We've been playing all day.
We've been playing golf together for years.
We've been playing music together for years.
We've been playing well.
We've been practicing for the competition for several weeks.
We've been practicing hard.
We've been practising for the competition for several weeks.
We've been pretty lucky.
We've been proceeding like this since the creation of the world.
We've been pronouncing it wrong the entire time.
We've been publishing this magazine since 1991.
We've been queuing for hours.
We've been queuing for over an hour.
We've been quite busy.
We've been ratted out.
We've been ready for a long time.
We've been ready for an hour.
We've been really busy today.
We've been relatively lucky so far.
We've been robbed.
We've been sabotaged.
We've been satisfied with the work Tom has been doing for us.
We've been searching for them.
We've been searching for you for days.
We've been searching for you.
We've been seeing each other for a few months now.
We've been serving pizza for over thirty years.
We've been shot.
We've been singing Christmas carols here for the past five years.
We've been sitting here for almost an hour.
We've been sitting here for over an hour.
We've been sitting here for thirty minutes.
We've been sitting in this traffic for over an hour.
We've been sitting on top of a fortune all these years.
We've been so lucky.
We've been so worried.
We've been spending a lot of time together.
We've been spinning our wheels for hours.
We've been spotted.
We've been standing here for more than an hour and the line has barely moved.
We've been struggling for change.
We've been struggling for civil rights.
We've been struggling for equal rights.
We've been struggling for equality.
We've been struggling for freedom.
We've been struggling for independence.
We've been struggling for peace.
We've been struggling lately.
We've been struggling with this problem for years.
We've been stuck here for three months.
We've been stuck inside all week.
We've been studying Chinese for two years.
We've been studying French for the last three years.
We've been studying French for three years now.
We've been studying French for three years.
We've been studying for three hours. Short break?
We've been suckered.
We've been talking about conversion to Islam.
We've been talking about going to Boston for a long time.
We've been talking about this for hours. Can we just drop it?
We've been talking about you.
We've been talking on the phone for an hour.
We've been there before.
We've been there for about three years.
We've been there twice in the last year.
We've been there.
We've been thinking about going to Boston for a long time.
We've been thinking about what to do about this problem for a long time.
We've been through a lot of hard times together.
We've been through a lot together.
We've been through a lot.
We've been through a rough patch, but I hope it will have made us stronger.
We've been through everything with them.
We've been through it before.
We've been through it together.
We've been through so much.
We've been through this already.
We've been through this before.
We've been through three wars.
We've been through tougher times than this before.
We've been to Australia many times.
We've been to Australia several times.
We've been to Australia, but we haven't been to New Zealand.
We've been to Boston already.
We've been to Boston many times.
We've been to Boston several times.
We've been to Boston, but we haven't been to Chicago.
We've been to Boston.
We've been to see Tom off.
We've been to see the exhibition.
We've been together a long time.
We've been together about three years.
We've been together ever since.
We've been together for 2 years.
We've been together for a long time.
We've been together for a very long time.
We've been together for a year.
We've been together for about three years.
We've been together for almost five years now.
We've been together for almost three years now.
We've been together for almost three years.
We've been together for thirty years.
We've been together for three years.
We've been together long enough.
We've been together since college.
We've been together three years.
We've been told not to do that again.
We've been told not to do that anymore.
We've been told not to do that by ourselves.
We've been told not to do that.
We've been told not to try doing that by ourselves.
We've been told not to use this bridge anymore.
We've been told that you were the one who started the fight.
We've been told to do that.
We've been told to only speak French in the classroom.
We've been told what to do.
We've been too inconsistent.
We've been training a lot harder.
We've been trapped in the elevator for two hours.
We've been traveling for three days.
We've been tricked.
We've been trying to avoid that problem.
We've been trying to contact Tom.
We've been trying to contact you all week.
We've been trying to do that, too.
We've been trying to find you.
We've been trying to keep it a secret.
We've been trying to reach Tom for three days.
We've been trying to reach you about your car's extended warranty.
We've been trying to reach you for hours.
We've been trying to reach you.
We've been trying to sell our land.
We've been trying to sort this out.
We've been trying to track you down.
We've been trying to warn you.
We've been trying.
We've been unable to determine the cause.
We've been unsuccessful.
We've been up all night.
We've been used to this for a long time.
We've been very busy for the last few days.
We've been very busy today.
We've been very careful.
We've been very clear about that.
We've been very conservative.
We've been very consistent.
We've been very cooperative.
We've been very fortunate.
We've been very good friends.
We've been very happy together.
We've been very happy with it.
We've been very lenient with Tom.
We've been very lucky.
We've been very patient with you, Tom.
We've been very patient.
We've been very successful.
We've been waiting a long time for you.
We've been waiting a long time.
We've been waiting a very long time.
We've been waiting all morning.
We've been waiting all year for this to happen.
We've been waiting all year for this.
We've been waiting an eternity for you.
We've been waiting for Tom for a long time.
We've been waiting for Tom.
We've been waiting for a letter from her for days.
We've been waiting for a long time.
We've been waiting for a year.
We've been waiting for an hour and the line has barely moved.
We've been waiting for an opportunity to do that.
We've been waiting for hours for you to arrive.
We've been waiting for hours for you to show up!
We've been waiting for hours for you to show up.
We've been waiting for hours, but he hasn't come.
We've been waiting for over two months.
We've been waiting for quite a while.
We've been waiting for that to happen.
We've been waiting for that.
We've been waiting for them.
We've been waiting for this for ages.
We've been waiting for this moment for years.
We've been waiting for this to happen.
We've been waiting for this.
We've been waiting for three hours.
We've been waiting for you all day.
We've been waiting for you for a long time.
We've been waiting for you for ages.
We've been waiting for you for ages. Where were you?
We've been waiting for you for an hour.
We've been waiting for you for half an hour.
We've been waiting for you for hours!
We've been waiting for you for hours.
We've been waiting for you the whole day.
We've been waiting for you to come for hours.
We've been waiting for you to phone.
We've been waiting for you to ring.
We've been waiting for you to tell us what we should do.
We've been waiting for you, Tom.
We've been waiting for you.
We've been waiting for your instructions.
We've been waiting half an hour for you.
We've been waiting here for hours.
We've been waiting here for, like, ever!
We've been waiting hours for you!
We've been waiting hours for you.
We've been waiting in line for over an hour.
We've been waiting in vain.
We've been waiting long enough.
We've been waiting on you.
We've been waiting our whole life.
We've been waiting over two months.
We've been waiting patiently.
We've been waiting thirty minutes to eat.
We've been waiting three hours.
We've been waiting to meet them for a long time.
We've been waiting.
We've been warned.
We've been wasting a lot of time.
We've been watching for a meeting with them for quite a while.
We've been watching you.
We've been watching your negotiations.
We've been way too lenient with Tom.
We've been without power for three days now.
We've been wondering where you were.
We've been wondering where you've been.
We've been working all day.
We've been working all night.
We've been working as hard as we can.
We've been working closely with Tom.
We've been working for five years now.
We've been working for over a year now, never giving ourselves a break.
We've been working hand-in-glove.
We've been working hard all day.
We've been working hard on this.
We've been working hard to make some changes.
We've been working non-stop.
We've been working on it.
We've been working on that all week.
We've been working on this for a long time.
We've been working on this for five months. Don't fuck it up now.
We've been working on this problem all weekend.
We've been working on this.
We've been working since 2:30.
We've been working since three o'clock.
We've been working together for a long time.
We've been worried about you.
We've been worried sick about you.
We've been worried.
We've been writing a lot.
We've blown a fuse.
We've booked a room for three people.
We've booked a room in a four-star hotel.
We've both been married to Tom.
We've both been under stress.
We've both been very busy.
We've both been very, very lucky.
We've both decided to shave our heads.
We've both done our share.
We've both done that.
We've both got better things to do.
We've both got to do that.
We've both got work to do.
We've both hurt our ankles.
We've both lied to you.
We've both made sacrifices.
We've both never done that.
We've both read the note.
We've both said things that we didn't mean.
We've both seen it.
We've both seen this movie.
We've both worked in Australia.
We've both worked in Boston.
We've bought a new car.
We've bought a new washing machine.
We've bought our tickets already.
We've bought ourselves a little more time.
We've bought three hours at best.
We've broken off relations with them.
We've brought enough food to feed everyone.
We've brought forward the date of the next meeting.
We've brought you a present.
We've brought you a surprise.
We've built a loyal customer base.
We've called the police.
We've carefully considered your offer.
We've caught Tom.
We've caught the train.
We've caught them.
We've changed our approach entirely.
We've changed our minds.
We've changed our plans.
We've changed our schedule.
We've changed so many things.
We've changed that.
We've changed the schedule slightly.
We've changed the schedule.
We've changed the system.
We've changed the way we do things.
We've changed, but that doesn't mean we can't stick together but in a different way.
We've checked and these are the best prices in the state.
We've chosen a hotel in the vicinity of the museum.
We've chosen a hotel near the museums.
We've chosen our representative.
We've chosen your idea.
We've closed the door behind us.
We've closed the suitcase.
We've collected a lot of data.
We've come a long way and accomplished a lot.
We've come a long way since then.
We've come a long way to find you.
We've come a long way to join you.
We've come a long way together.
We've come a long way, but there's still a long way to go.
We've come a long way.
We've come by the highway.
We've come for Tom's things.
We've come for them.
We've come from barbarism, but not far.
We've come here to help you do that.
We've come here to help.
We've come home.
We've come nearer to the sea. I can smell it.
We've come this far, so we can't stop now. I don't want to backslide.
We've come to a fork in the road.
We've come to a standstill.
We've come to an arrangement.
We've come to get you out of here.
We've come to get you.
We've come to help.
We've come to pay our respects.
We've come to the conclusion that this is a true story.
We've come to the end of our course.
We've come to the heart of the problem.
We've come too far to give up now.
We've come too far to go back now.
We've come too far to quit now.
We've come too far to turn back now.
We've come up with a pretty good system for doing that.
We've come up with several ideas on improvements, based on feedback we've gotten from our customers.
We've come up with solutions for some of these problems.
We've come.
We've completed our search and have found nothing.
We've confirmed the report.
We've considered the idea of living together.
We've considered your proposal, and we've decided that we aren't able to reduce the price.
We've consulted with experts.
We've contacted Tom.
We've corrected the problem.
We've corrected the situation.
We've counted them all.
We've covered six kilometres today.
We've created a monster!
We've created a monster.
We've created life in our own image.
We've cycled a lot this summer.
We've decided against doing that.
We've decided against taking legal action.
We've decided for you.
We've decided never to do that again.
We've decided never to stay at that hotel again.
We've decided not to buy that house.
We've decided not to do that after all.
We've decided not to do that again.
We've decided not to do that anymore.
We've decided not to do that.
We've decided not to fire Tom.
We've decided not to fire her.
We've decided not to fire him.
We've decided not to fire them.
We've decided not to fire you.
We've decided not to get divorced.
We've decided not to get married.
We've decided not to hire any new people.
We've decided not to sell our house.
We've decided not to stay in Boston any longer.
We've decided not to stay in Boston.
We've decided on leaving this town tomorrow morning.
We've decided on the date for our class reunion.
We've decided the date for our class reunion.
We've decided to adopt a child.
We've decided to adopt your idea.
We've decided to climb Mt Fuji this summer.
We've decided to do that together.
We've decided to do that.
We've decided to get a divorce.
We've decided to get legally separated.
We've decided to get married.
We've decided to give it a try.
We've decided to give you the loan you requested.
We've decided to go shopping.
We've decided to go to Australia in October.
We've decided to go to Boston in October.
We've decided to go to Boston instead of Chicago.
We've decided to go to a club.
We've decided to go to the mall.
We've decided to have a private wedding ceremony.
We've decided to help Tom.
We've decided to hire Tom.
We've decided to hire her.
We've decided to hire him.
We've decided to hire new people.
We've decided to hire them.
We've decided to leave Australia.
We've decided to leave Boston.
We've decided to leave this town tomorrow morning.
We've decided to let you go.
We've decided to make a deal with Tom.
We've decided to move the meeting to next Sunday.
We've decided to move to Boston.
We've decided to name the dog Cookie.
We've decided to paint the walls green.
We've decided to paint the walls light blue.
We've decided to postpone the meeting till next Monday.
We've decided to postpone the meeting to next Sunday.
We've decided to remain silent.
We've decided to remove Tom from life support.
We've decided to retaliate.
We've decided to sell all our paintings.
We've decided to sell our house.
We've decided to sing together.
We've decided to speak to each other in French.
We've decided to start next Sunday.
We've decided to stay for a few more days.
We've decided to stay here for the time being.
We've decided to stay in Australia for another three days.
We've decided to stay in Boston for a few more days.
We've decided to stay in Boston for another three days.
We've decided to stay in Boston.
We've decided to study French.
We've decided to take in a boarder.
We've decided to take that risk.
We've decided to travel by car.
We've decided to travel together.
We've decided to try doing it that way again.
We've decided to try doing that again.
We've decided to visit Australia.
We've decided to visit Boston.
We've defeated our enemy.
We've destroyed heaven and hell.
We've destroyed the enemy flagship!
We've developed a close friendship as a result of sharing a love for music.
We've developed a fine working relationship.
We've discussed a lot of things.
We've discussed many topics.
We've discussed this already.
We've discussed this before.
We've discussed this many times already.
We've discussed this.
We've disposed of our estate.
We've disturbed her.
We've dodged another bullet.
We've done OK.
We've done a good deed.
We've done a lot of great things.
We've done a lot of stupid things together.
We've done a lot of work around here.
We've done a lot of work on this.
We've done a lot of work.
We've done a lot.
We've done all that we could.
We've done all we can do.
We've done all we can here.
We've done all we can.
We've done almost everything you've asked for.
We've done an exhaustive investigation.
We've done enough waiting.
We've done everything possible.
We've done everything that had to be done.
We've done everything there was to do.
We've done everything we can do.
We've done everything we can for Tom.
We've done everything we can right now.
We've done everything we can.
We've done everything we could.
We've done exceptionally well.
We've done fine without you.
We've done it all.
We've done it before.
We've done it many times before.
We've done it twice in three months.
We've done it!
We've done it.
We've done no wrong.
We've done nothing to deserve your anger.
We've done nothing wrong.
We've done nothing.
We've done our best.
We've done our duty.
We've done our homework.
We've done our job.
We've done our part.
We've done our research.
We've done our share.
We've done our work.
We've done six kilometres today.
We've done some very good things.
We've done something incredible.
We've done something similar to that in the past.
We've done that all our lives.
We've done that already.
We've done that before.
We've done that in the past.
We've done that many times before.
We've done that several times already.
We've done that several times.
We've done that together several times.
We've done that twice in the last three months.
We've done that work for you.
We've done that.
We've done the best we can with what we have.
We've done the best we can.
We've done the impossible.
We've done the job.
We've done the right thing.
We've done this all our lives.
We've done this before.
We've done very well.
We've done way too much already.
We've done well.
We've done what we came to do.
We've done what we can for Tom.
We've done what we can for her.
We've done what we can for him.
We've done what we can for them.
We've done what we can to help.
We've done what we can.
We've done what we could.
We've done what we set out to do.
We've done what you requested.
We've done worse.
We've driven a hundred miles west.
We've driven enough for one day.
We've drunk all our water.
We've drunk all the wine.
We've eaten out three times in the last week.
We've eaten pizza and chicken at noon.
We've eaten some cherries.
We've eaten there three times.
We've eaten.
We've elected a new president.
We've encountered an issue with the selected authentication method.
We've encountered some unexpected obstacles.
We've ended up a spanner short of a toolbox.
We've endured for long enough.
We've endured three wars.
We've enjoyed a very good economic condition at home.
We've enjoyed it, too.
We've enjoyed our stay here.
We've enjoyed our stay.
We've enjoyed ourselves immensely.
We've enjoyed several days of marvellous weather here.
We've enough place.
We've equipped our office with computers.
We've even asked Tom to help.
We've even got colour television.
We've even got two of them now.
We've experienced so much together.
We've experienced three wars.
We've faced this problem before.
We've failed.
We've fainted.
We've fallen out of love with each other.
We've fed the fish.
We've figured it out.
We've finally been given permission to leave.
We've finally done what we've never been able to do before.
We've finally entered Golden Week!
We've finally finished doing that.
We've finally found each other. I've waited so long for this day.
We've finally gotten some rain.
We've finally gotten started.
We've finally hired someone to replace Tom.
We've finally managed to persuade Tom to help us.
We've finally reached a compromise.
We've finally reached a settlement.
We've finally reached the summit.
We've finally stopped the bleeding.
We've finished about 30% of the job.
We've finished about thirty percent of the job.
We've finished all our work.
We've finished all the pending tasks.
We've finished cleaning our classroom.
We've finished cleaning out the garage.
We've finished cleaning the classroom.
We've finished our exams.
We've finished our homework.
We've finished our work.
We've finished the work, so we can go home as well.
We've finished the work, so we may as well go home.
We've finished the work, so we, too, can go home.
We've finished.
We've fired Tom.
We've fired a lot of people this week.
We've fixed all the leaks.
We've flattered the director's vanity.
We've flown for about three hours.
We've forgiven you.
We've forgotten how to do it.
We've forgotten how to do that.
We've forgotten how to live in harmony with nature.
We've forgotten something.
We've found Tom.
We've found a dead dog in the garden.
We've found a decent spot for a picnic.
We've found a good place.
We've found a suitable place for a picnic.
We've found an eyewitness that says you shot Tom.
We've found each other again.
We've found her.
We've found him to be the right man for the job.
We've found him.
We've found it.
We've found something.
We've found them.
We've found this works very well.
We've gained weight.
We've gathered a lot of information.
We've given Tom another chance to do that.
We've given Tom money to do that.
We've given Tom more time to do that.
We've given Tom one more chance.
We've given Tom several warnings and he still doesn't care.
We've given careful thought to both alternatives.
We've given it a great deal of thought.
We've given them a week to vacate the area.
We've given them the opportunity to surrender.
We've given up on love.
We've given your order highest priority.
We've gone miles out of our way.
We've gone over this before.
We've gone through a lot together.
We've gone through this a thousand times.
We've gone to the park to take photos.
We've gone too far.
We've got Mondays off.
We've got Tom to thank for all this.
We've got a 13-hour fight ahead of us.
We've got a bad moth infestation.
We've got a band.
We've got a big day ahead of us tomorrow.
We've got a big day tomorrow.
We've got a big game on Monday.
We've got a big job ahead of us.
We've got a big job to do.
We've got a big job today.
We've got a big problem.
We've got a bigger problem.
We've got a bit of everything.
We've got a boat.
We've got a bunch of useless junk we should get rid of.
We've got a busy day ahead of us.
We've got a canoe.
We've got a cash flow problem.
We've got a cat.
We've got a chance.
We've got a charter flight waiting to take us to Boston.
We've got a comrade.
We've got a couple of hours to kill before we meet Tom.
We've got a deal!
We've got a deal.
We've got a dictionary.
We've got a distress signal from that ship.
We've got a few potatoes stashed away.
We've got a few problems of our own.
We've got a first aid kit.
We've got a flat tyre.
We've got a football tournament in May.
We've got a game tomorrow.
We've got a good idea.
We've got a good life.
We've got a good team here.
We've got a good team.
We've got a great team.
We've got a huge advantage.
We've got a job for you.
We've got a job to do.
We've got a lamp in case there's a power cut.
We've got a lead.
We've got a leak.
We've got a letter from a five-year-old Sophie, who is six.
We've got a little announcement to make.
We've got a little bit of a problem here.
We've got a little emergency.
We've got a little problem.
We've got a little situation here.
We've got a little situation.
We've got a little time to relax.
We've got a long climb ahead of us.
We've got a long day ahead of us today.
We've got a long day ahead of us.
We've got a long day tomorrow.
We've got a long night ahead of us.
We've got a long walk ahead of us.
We've got a long way to go yet.
We've got a long way to go.
We've got a long weekend ahead of us.
We've got a lot in common.
We've got a lot more packing to do before leaving.
We've got a lot more than just biceps in our arms, Per.
We've got a lot more work to do before we can go home.
We've got a lot more work to do.
We've got a lot of catching up to do.
We've got a lot of confidence.
We've got a lot of friends there.
We've got a lot of friends.
We've got a lot of positive feedback.
We've got a lot of problems to solve.
We've got a lot of problems.
We've got a lot of room.
We've got a lot of stuff left to do.
We've got a lot of things that need to be fixed.
We've got a lot of things to do before we can help you.
We've got a lot of things to do first.
We've got a lot of time.
We've got a lot of water.
We've got a lot of work ahead of us.
We've got a lot of work to do.
We've got a lot of young guys on our team.
We've got a lot on at the moment.
We've got a lot on our minds.
We've got a lot to be thankful for.
We've got a lot to do.
We've got a lot to learn.
We've got a lot to offer.
We've got a lot to sort out.
We've got a lot to talk about.
We've got a lot to worry about now.
We've got a lovely clear sky tonight.
We've got a major problem on our hands.
We've got a marketing problem.
We've got a maths test tomorrow.
We've got a mechanical problem.
We've got a meeting with Tom ahead of us today.
We've got a meeting with Tom today.
We've got a million things to do.
We've got a mystery to solve.
We've got a new teacher.
We've got a pair.
We've got a plan.
We've got a plane into the World Trade Center.
We've got a pool.
We've got a potato.
We've got a pretty good idea of what might happen.
We've got a pretty good team.
We've got a problem back here.
We've got a problem here.
We've got a problem up here.
We've got a problem.
We've got a proper snowstorm here!
We've got a proper snowstorm here.
We've got a question.
We've got a real blizzard going on here?
We've got a real blizzard here.
We've got a real good car.
We've got a real problem.
We've got a really big problem here.
We've got a right to be here.
We've got a roach infestation.
We've got a room for you.
We've got a sandbox at home.
We've got a search warrant.
We've got a serious problem here.
We've got a serious problem.
We've got a situation here, you know.
We've got a situation here.
We've got a situation.
We've got a small country, and everyone knows each other.
We've got a squat over on Park Street.
We've got a suspect in custody.
We've got a very big problem.
We've got a very busy day ahead of us.
We've got a very long journey ahead of us.
We've got a very serious problem.
We've got a very stressful day ahead of us.
We've got a visitor.
We've got a way out if we need one.
We've got a week left.
We've got a witness.
We've got about twenty minutes left.
We've got all day to finish this.
We've got all night.
We've got an English exam tomorrow.
We've got an accident at the construction site.
We've got an emergency!
We've got an emergency.
We've got an hour left.
We've got an issue to deal with.
We've got an offer for you.
We've got another nor'easter coming.
We've got another one.
We've got another problem.
We've got another sixteen kilometres to walk before sunset.
We've got another three days.
We've got beautiful weather today.
We've got better drinks than this tea.
We've got better plans for you.
We've got better things to do with our time.
We've got bigger fish to fry.
We've got bigger problems than that.
We've got bigger problems to deal with.
We've got bigger problems.
We've got cats.
We've got company again.
We've got company.
We've got customers to talk to.
We've got each other.
We've got enough here.
We've got enough space here.
We've got enough to eat.
We've got enough.
We've got even bigger vines in this area.
We've got everything under control here.
We've got everything under control.
We've got everything we need here.
We've got everything we need.
We've got everything.
We've got exams straight after the summer holidays.
We've got eyedrops and an oral antibiotic to give them.
We've got five cats.
We've got fresh vegetables.
We've got good news for you.
We've got good, experienced people.
We've got goose pimples.
We've got half a mile left.
We've got hard times ahead.
We've got him by the balls.
We've got his.
We've got into a vicious circle.
We've got it all covered.
We've got it all figured out.
We've got it all straightened out.
We've got it all worked out.
We've got it all.
We've got it figured out.
We've got it in your size, but not in that colour.
We've got it under control.
We've got it worked out.
We've got it.
We've got just enough time for breakfast.
We've got less snow than usual.
We've got less than an hour.
We've got less than three hours to get this done.
We've got less than three minutes.
We've got loads of time.
We've got lots of room.
We've got lots of time.
We've got lots to do, you know.
We've got major problems.
We've got maths tomorrow.
We've got molehills all over the lawn again.
We've got more money than they do.
We've got more money than we know what to do with.
We've got more than enough food.
We've got more than enough time.
We've got more than enough to do.
We've got more work to do.
We've got much bigger problems to deal with right now.
We've got much bigger problems to deal with.
We've got news for you.
We've got news.
We've got nice weather today.
We've got no alternative.
We've got no brakes!
We've got no choice but to do it like this.
We've got no choice but to eat this mouldy bread.
We've got no choice.
We've got no idea where he is.
We've got no means of transport.
We've got no more than three days.
We've got no more time to lose.
We've got no more time to waste.
We've got no place to stay tonight. Could you put us up for the night?
We've got no plans to do that.
We've got no proof Tom did this.
We've got no room for error.
We've got no time left to waste.
We've got no time to fool about!
We've got not one problem, but two.
We've got nothing else to do.
We've got nothing else to lose.
We've got nothing in common.
We've got nothing left to talk about.
We've got nothing to complain about.
We've got nothing to do with this.
We've got nothing to hide.
We've got nothing to lose.
We've got nothing to prove.
We've got nothing to talk about.
We've got nothing.
We've got nowhere to go.
We've got nowhere to sit.
We've got one casualty.
We've got one hour to find Tom.
We've got one hour to find her.
We've got one hour to find him.
We've got one hour to find them.
We've got one left.
We've got one more stop to make.
We've got one ourselves.
We've got one rule around here.
We've got only one left.
We've got other fish to fry.
We've got other things to take care of.
We've got other things we need to be doing now.
We've got our futures to think about.
We've got our own problems.
We've got our own way of doing things.
We've got our pride.
We've got our reasons.
We've got our work cut out for us.
We've got ourselves a new, modern lampshade for our living room.
We've got patients to see.
We've got plans of our own.
We've got plans.
We've got plenty of food.
We've got plenty of money.
We've got plenty of proof.
We've got plenty of talent here.
We've got plenty of time for that.
We've got plenty of time.
We've got plenty of water.
We've got plenty.
We've got problems of our own.
We've got problems to solve.
We've got problems, Tom.
We've got quite a lot to do.
We've got several more of the same kind of articles.
We've got several options.
We've got six children, you know.
We've got so much in common.
We've got so much to talk about.
We've got some catching up to do.
We've got some celebrating to do.
We've got some decisions to make.
We've got some demands.
We've got some difficult days ahead of us.
We've got some great news.
We've got some more work to do.
We've got some new business coming in and I want to discuss it with you. Do you mind getting involved?
We've got some new recruits joining us tomorrow.
We've got some news for you.
We've got some people working on it.
We've got some problems here.
We've got some questions for Tom.
We've got some questions for you.
We've got some time now.
We've got some time.
We've got some unfinished business.
We've got some very good news.
We've got some work to do here.
We've got some work to do.
We've got someone else to do that.
We've got something for them.
We've got something for you.
We've got something to show you.
We've got something we need to talk about.
We've got something.
We've got sunshine here.
We've got that figured out.
We've got the championship in our pocket.
We've got the house surrounded.
We've got the key.
We've got the truth on our side.
We've got the whole afternoon to get this done.
We've got them over a barrel.
We've got them!
We've got them.
We've got these.
We've got things to do.
We've got things under control.
We've got thirty minutes.
We've got this far, we might as well keep going.
We've got this in the bag.
We've got this problem licked.
We've got this.
We've got three cats in the house, and we're also feeding a few strays.
We've got three children, two boys and a girl.
We've got three days left.
We've got three games left.
We've got three hours left.
We've got three hours.
We've got three major problems that need to be solved.
We've got three major problems we need to solve.
We've got three miles to go.
We've got three minutes.
We've got three more just like that one.
We've got three unsolved burglaries.
We've got three whole hours.
We've got tickets for the cinema tonight.
We've got tickets for the theatre tonight.
We've got time on our hands.
We've got time.
We've got to act fast.
We've got to be careful.
We've got to be more proactive.
We've got to be out of here by 2:30.
We've got to be polite.
We've got to be prepared to act.
We've got to be quiet.
We've got to be ready for that.
We've got to be ready in thirty minutes.
We've got to be there by 12 o'clock.
We've got to be there by 2:30.
We've got to break out tonight or I'll go crazy!
We've got to buy ourselves some time here.
We've got to buy some time.
We've got to buy supplies.
We've got to call Tom.
We've got to call her.
We've got to call him.
We've got to call the police.
We've got to call them.
We've got to catch the lion alive.
We've got to catch up with Tom and Mary.
We've got to chance it.
We've got to clean the living room before mom gets home.
We've got to clean the place thoroughly.
We've got to close the doors.
We've got to come up with a plan B.
We've got to come up with a solution.
We've got to comfort him after his loss.
We've got to conserve water.
We've got to contact Tom.
We've got to decide when we'll start.
We've got to discuss business.
We've got to do a lot better.
We've got to do better than that.
We've got to do better.
We've got to do it again tomorrow.
We've got to do it all again tomorrow.
We've got to do it now.
We've got to do it.
We've got to do something about that.
We've got to do something about this problem soon.
We've got to do something about this.
We've got to do something different.
We've got to do something to stop Tom.
We've got to do something.
We've got to do that again.
We've got to do that on Monday.
We've got to do that.
We've got to do the right thing.
We've got to do this now.
We've got to do this right away.
We've got to drum up some business in the shop.
We've got to escape this place.
We've got to escape.
We've got to evacuate.
We've got to face facts.
We've got to fight fire with fire!
We've got to figure out what's wrong.
We've got to figure this out.
We've got to fill this hole with something.
We've got to find Tom before he does something stupid.
We've got to find Tom first.
We've got to find Tom now.
We've got to find Tom.
We've got to find a doctor.
We've got to find a new babysitter.
We've got to find a petrol station.
We've got to find a way out of here.
We've got to find a way out of this situation.
We've got to find a way to win.
We've got to find another way out of here.
We've got to find another way to get in.
We've got to find another way.
We've got to find her before she does something stupid.
We've got to find her first.
We've got to find her.
We've got to find him before he does something stupid.
We've got to find him first.
We've got to find him.
We've got to find it before Tom and Mary do.
We've got to find it before Tom does.
We've got to find it before he does.
We've got to find it.
We've got to find out what happened to Tom.
We've got to find out what it is.
We've got to find out what we're supposed to do.
We've got to find out who did this to Tom.
We've got to find out.
We've got to find somewhere to hide.
We've got to find the key.
We've got to find them first.
We've got to find them.
We've got to finish on time.
We've got to finish this before we can go home.
We've got to finish this job.
We've got to fix it.
We've got to fix some things.
We've got to fix this system.
We've got to fix this.
We've got to get Tom back home.
We've got to get Tom out of here.
We've got to get Tom out of there.
We've got to get Tom to a hospital.
We've got to get Tom to bed.
We've got to get Tom to hospital.
We've got to get Tom to the hospital.
We've got to get a move on if we want to be finished today.
We've got to get a move on if we want to finish today.
We've got to get a shift on if we want to be finished today.
We've got to get a shift on if we want to finish today.
We've got to get a shift on. We've still got to load the car!
We've got to get another car.
We've got to get away.
We've got to get back to Australia as soon as we can.
We've got to get back to Boston as soon as we can.
We've got to get back to the lab.
We've got to get back to the ship.
We've got to get back to work.
We've got to get back.
We've got to get better.
We've got to get down to business.
We've got to get going.
We've got to get help.
We've got to get her to bed.
We've got to get him to bed.
We've got to get him to hospital urgently. He's seriously injured.
We've got to get home on Monday.
We've got to get in there.
We've got to get it done.
We've got to get off at the next stop.
We've got to get our skates on if we want to be finished today.
We've got to get our skates on if we want to finish today.
We've got to get out of here right now.
We've got to get out of here somehow.
We've got to get out of here!
We've got to get out of here.
We've got to get out of this place.
We've got to get over there.
We've got to get over to the other side, but there isn't a bridge near by.
We've got to get ready.
We've got to get rid of all this trash.
We've got to get rid of this stuff.
We've got to get someone to help us.
We've got to get taxes down.
We've got to get the mayor to run this city properly.
We've got to get them a present.
We've got to get them presents.
We've got to get them talking.
We've got to get them to bed.
We've got to get them to help.
We've got to get this fixed.
We've got to get to Boston soon.
We've got to get to hospital.
We've got to get to the hospital.
We've got to get up early tomorrow.
We've got to get up early tomorrow. We're going on a picnic.
We've got to get you a better office.
We've got to get you out of here.
We've got to get you some help.
We've got to get you to a hospital.
We've got to get you to hospital.
We've got to get you to the hospital.
We've got to give Tom something.
We've got to give them a chance.
We've got to give them something.
We've got to go and help Tom.
We've got to go and help her.
We've got to go and help him.
We've got to go and help them.
We've got to go do that.
We've got to go meet them.
We've got to go now.
We've got to go straight to school.
We've got to go straight to the doctor's.
We've got to go straight to work.
We've got to go to the supermarket.
We've got to go to work on that.
We've got to go to work.
We've got to go warn Tom.
We've got to go warn her.
We've got to go warn him.
We've got to go warn them.
We've got to go.
We've got to hand an essay in by Wednesday.
We've got to handle this with kid gloves.
We've got to have a better plan.
We've got to have a little talk.
We've got to have a proper clear-out here.
We've got to have determination.
We've got to have each other's backs.
We've got to help Tom.
We've got to help her.
We've got to help him.
We've got to help out.
We've got to help them.
We've got to help those who can't help themselves.
We've got to hide.
We've got to hit the road.
We've got to hurry! We've got an appointment at half four!
We've got to hurry.
We've got to hurry. Mr Itoh will call the roll.
We've got to keep getting better.
We've got to keep moving forward.
We've got to keep moving.
We've got to keep on moving.
We've got to keep on struggling.
We've got to leave early.
We've got to leave now, or we'll never get there in time.
We've got to leave now.
We've got to leave.
We've got to liven things up here!
We've got to liven things up here.
We've got to look at some alternatives.
We've got to make a choice.
We've got to make a run for it.
We've got to make it happen.
We've got to make sacrifices.
We've got to make sure Tom and Mary don't do that.
We've got to make sure Tom and Mary don't ever do that again.
We've got to make sure Tom doesn't do that.
We've got to make sure Tom doesn't ever do that again.
We've got to make sure Tom doesn't win.
We've got to make sure it doesn't happen again.
We've got to make sure that Tom does that.
We've got to make sure that doesn't happen again.
We've got to make sure that doesn't happen.
We've got to make sure.
We've got to move fast.
We've got to move faster.
We've got to move house.
We've got to move very carefully.
We've got to move.
We've got to narrow it down.
We've got to pick those apples now, or they'll rot.
We've got to pick those apples now, otherwise they'll go bad.
We've got to prepare for the storm.
We've got to prioritize.
We've got to protect ourselves.
We've got to protect what's ours.
We've got to put a stop to this kind of stuff.
We've got to put that behind us.
We've got to put the past behind us.
We've got to put things in order here.
We've got to quit doing this.
We've got to quit lying to Tom.
We've got to rescue Tom.
We've got to rescue her.
We've got to rescue him.
We've got to rescue them.
We've got to save Tom.
We've got to save her.
We've got to save him.
We've got to save them.
We've got to shake him up.
We've got to share this.
We've got to sleep someplace.
We've got to sleep somewhere.
We've got to speed up so that we don't fall behind.
We've got to start again from scratch.
We've got to start doing that.
We've got to start over.
We've got to start somewhere.
We've got to start thinking about recycling.
We've got to stay alert.
We've got to stay awake.
We've got to stay focused.
We've got to stay here until Tom arrives.
We've got to stay here until Tom gets here.
We've got to stay here, whether we want to or not.
We've got to stay together.
We've got to stay up for another three hours.
We've got to stick out for each other.
We've got to stick to the facts.
We've got to stick to the point.
We've got to stick together.
We've got to stop Tom.
We've got to stop her.
We've got to stop him.
We've got to stop meeting like this.
We've got to stop them.
We've got to stop this.
We've got to take Tom to the doctor.
We've got to take care of it.
We've got to take care of ourselves.
We've got to take off.
We've got to take some action.
We've got to take the chance.
We've got to take the risk.
We've got to talk seriously.
We've got to talk to Tom before he does something stupid.
We've got to talk to Tom.
We've got to talk to you about Tom.
We've got to talk to you.
We've got to talk.
We've got to tell Tom.
We've got to tell everyone what happened out here.
We've got to tell her.
We've got to tell him.
We've got to tell someone.
We've got to tell them.
We've got to think positive.
We've got to tidy up the whole flat.
We've got to try and stop Tom.
We've got to try and stop her.
We've got to try and stop him.
We've got to try and stop them.
We've got to try harder.
We've got to try it.
We've got to try something different.
We've got to try to figure it out.
We've got to try to get in there.
We've got to unload the lorry.
We've got to unload this lorry before it starts to rain.
We've got to use the stairs because the lift isn't working.
We've got to wait for them to finish playing - there's still a while to go!
We've got to wait here for the tram to Nordfriedhof.
We've got to warn Tom about that.
We've got to warn Tom somehow.
We've got to warn Tom.
We've got to warn her.
We've got to warn him.
We've got to warn the others.
We've got to warn them.
We've got to win this game.
We've got to win.
We've got to work harder.
We've got too many rules.
We've got too much stuff.
We've got too much work to do.
We've got trouble.
We've got two Billy shelves from IKEA.
We've got two black cars.
We've got two cats - one is white, and the other's black.
We've got two days left.
We've got two dogs, three cats and a parrot.
We've got two hours of lessons in the afternoon.
We've got two rooms free.
We've got two skunks and a raccoon on our porch.
We've got used to that noise.
We've got used to the cold.
We've got very little time.
We've got what it takes.
We've got what we need here.
We've got what we need.
We've got work to do.
We've got you covered.
We've got your back, no matter what.
We've got your size, but not in that colour.
We've gotten a lot of complaints.
We've gotten a lot of compliments.
We've gotten a lot of positive feedback from customers.
We've gotten a lot of positive feedback.
We've gotten a lot of stuff done.
We've gotten into this fixed pattern.
We've gotten many offers.
We've gotten ourselves into a bad situation.
We've gotten pretty good at doing this.
We've gotten pretty good at it.
We've gotten so busy.
We've gotten some complaints about Tom's behavior.
We've gotten some complaints from some parents.
We've grown apart.
We've had a bad time.
We've had a blast.
We've had a collision at sea.
We've had a complaint against you, Tom.
We've had a complaint.
We've had a difficult schedule.
We've had a few casualties.
We've had a few close calls.
We've had a good time.
We've had a great week.
We've had a hard time with Tom.
We've had a heavy rain, so the playground is muddy.
We've had a little rain this summer.
We've had a long day.
We've had a long relationship.
We've had a long spell of cold weather.
We've had a long spell of fine weather.
We've had a long spell of hot weather.
We've had a long week.
We've had a lot of adversity.
We've had a lot of bad luck.
We've had a lot of chances to do that.
We've had a lot of chances.
We've had a lot of complaints about how you treat your classmates.
We've had a lot of disagreements.
We've had a lot of fun together.
We've had a lot of fun.
We've had a lot of opportunities.
We've had a lot of positive feedback.
We've had a lot of practice.
We've had a lot of problems with this machine.
We've had a lot of rain recently.
We've had a lot of rain this month.
We've had a lot of rain this summer.
We've had a lot of rain this year.
We've had a lot of rain.
We've had a lot of snow and I'm very happy.
We've had a lot of storms this winter.
We've had a lot of support.
We've had a lovely time, Tom.
We've had a misunderstanding.
We've had a most delightful day.
We've had a number of injuries.
We've had a poor crop due to lack of water.
We've had a really good season.
We've had a technological revolution.
We've had a tough week.
We've had a very good year.
We've had a very hard winter.
We've had a whale of a time.
We've had all kinds of weather over the past few days.
We've had bad weather recently.
We've had beautiful weather all week.
We've had challenges before.
We've had complaints from our neighbors.
We've had discussions about that problem.
We've had discussions about that.
We've had enough of a life of apprehension.
We've had enough of that.
We've had enough of this bad weather.
We've had enough of you.
We've had enough.
We've had exceptionally low temperatures for a whole week.
We've had four retirements this year.
We've had fun, haven't we?
We've had good luck with it.
We've had good weather all week.
We've had it analyzed.
We've had it.
We've had lengthy discussions with Tom.
We've had losing streaks before.
We've had lot of complaints.
We've had lots of fun doing that.
We've had lots of typhoons this fall.
We've had many chances to do that.
We've had many opportunities to do that.
We've had meetings.
We've had more snow than usual this winter.
We've had more snow this winter than usual.
We've had more wins than losses.
We've had much more snow this winter than is normally the case.
We've had multiple countries with nuclear weapons for almost 100 years without a nuclear war.
We've had nice weather for a while now.
We've had no complaints from Tom.
We've had no complaints.
We've had no problems whatsoever.
We've had no rain for ages; in fact, not since the beginning of April.
We've had no snow at all so far this winter.
We've had no word from Brian yet.
We've had opportunities to do that.
We've had our differences, but thats all behind us now.
We've had our differences.
We've had our little misunderstandings.
We've had our own problems with Tom.
We've had our problems.
We've had our say.
We've had our ups and downs.
We've had plenty of chances to do that.
We've had problems in the past but we've dealt with them and we haven't argued since.
We've had quite a few inquiries.
We've had rain for almost a week.
We've had reasonable success with this strategy.
We've had several meetings.
We've had snow for some time.
We've had some bad luck here.
We've had some bitter winters.
We've had some changes this year.
We've had some discussions.
We've had some fun.
We've had some good times.
We've had some really good times together.
We've had some remarkable results.
We've had some success.
We've had some tough times.
We've had some very cold winters.
We've had success doing that.
We've had such good weather lately.
We've had that before a thousand times.
We've had the same experience ourselves.
We've had these kinds of problems before.
We've had this conversation a million times.
We've had this conversation before.
We've had this discussion already.
We've had this discussion before.
We've had this discussion far too often.
We've had this kind of problem before.
We've had three months to prepare for this.
We've had to lay off a lot of staff.
We've had to make tough decisions.
We've had too much bad luck.
We've had too much work to do today.
We've had trouble with Tom before.
We've had very bad luck.
We've had very fruitful discussions.
We've hardly got time to have breakfast.
We've hardly seen each other lately.
We've hardly time to have breakfast.
We've heard a lot about this place.
We've heard a lot of nice things about you.
We've heard enough of your complaints.
We've heard him crying.
We've heard it all.
We've heard it before.
We've heard that before.
We've heard that one before.
We've heard this before, more than once.
We've heard this before.
We've heard this many times before.
We've heard this noise before.
We've heard those promises before.
We've held many events there.
We've held our own.
We've helped Tom a lot.
We've helped Tom many times.
We've helped Tom.
We've helped other candidates, too.
We've helped them.
We've hired Tom to do that.
We've hired Tom to paint our garage.
We've hired Tom.
We've hired a couple of men to fix our roof.
We've hired a new coach.
We've hired a rowing boat.
We've hired him.
We've hired number crunchers to do the statistical analysis.
We've hired some new workers.
We've hired them.
We've hit a barrier.
We've hit our sales target.
We've hit something.
We've humiliated Tom.
We've humiliated her.
We've humiliated him.
We've humiliated them.
We've improved a lot.
We've improved the quality of many of our products.
We've increased our manpower.
We've installed several security cameras.
We've installed thirty benches along the footpaths around our village.
We've insulated the house with expanded polystyrene foam panels, 100 millimetres thick.
We've introduced a paywall.
We've isolated the problem.
We've joked about it.
We've just about completed the search of the area.
We've just admitted a patient.
We've just arrived at the station.
We've just arrived.
We've just been running around in circles.
We've just been watching a film.
We've just cleaned the toilets.
We've just come from there.
We've just crossed the border.
We've just finished breakfast.
We've just finished doing that.
We've just finished eating dinner.
We've just finished eating.
We've just finished lunch.
We've just finished painting Tom's house.
We've just finished painting the fence.
We've just finished painting the house.
We've just finished remodeling our basement.
We've just finished secondary school.
We've just finished the job.
We've just finished.
We've just found him.
We've just found it.
We've just got back.
We've just got here.
We've just got time for breakfast.
We've just got to do something.
We've just got to find a way to get this done.
We've just got to get better.
We've just got to go do it.
We've just got to keep going.
We've just got to keep talking.
We've just got to keep working.
We've just got to relax.
We've just gotten around to doing that.
We've just had a jump in sales.
We've just had dinner.
We've just had our coldest August morning for twenty years.
We've just had our piano tuned.
We've just heard that Tom survived the plane crash.
We've just landed.
We've just learned that Tom is still alive.
We've just left.
We've just lost our jobs.
We've just met.
We've just missed the last bus, so we'll have to walk home.
We've just moved in.
We've just read the book.
We've just received intelligence that the enemy is waiting in ambush two miles down the road.
We've just run out of salt and pepper.
We've just seen Tom.
We've just seen a film.
We've just set off.
We've just sold our car.
We've just spent two weeks apart.
We've just started.
We've just watched a film.
We've kept it a secret from Tom.
We've kept our promise.
We've kept our promises.
We've kept the part for those who aren't here.
We've known Tom for years.
We've known about that for a long time.
We've known about this problem for a long time.
We've known each other a long time.
We've known each other for a long time.
We've known each other for ages.
We've known each other for many years now.
We've known each other for more than 20 years.
We've known each other for more than thirty years.
We've known each other for over thirty years.
We've known each other for several years.
We've known each other for six years.
We've known each other for so long.
We've known each other for so many years.
We've known each other for thirty years.
We've known each other for three years.
We've known each other for years.
We've known each other quite a few years.
We've known each other since childhood.
We've known each other since high school.
We've known each other since kindergarten.
We've known each other since we were children.
We've known each other since we were kids.
We've known for over a hundred years that white men are not superior in any biological sense, and I don't think Tom is going to be the one to overturn that, given his lack of a biology degree.
We've known her for many years.
We've known her for years.
We've known him for many years.
We've known him for years.
We've known that for a long time.
We've known that for years.
We've known that from the beginning.
We've known them for years.
We've known this for a long time.
We've known this for some time.
We've learned a lesson.
We've learned a lot from Tom.
We've learned a lot from you.
We've learned a lot in the past year.
We've learned a lot, too.
We've learned a valuable lesson.
We've learned from our mistakes.
We've learned our lesson.
We've learned some lessons, right?
We've learned that that's OK.
We've learned that's OK.
We've learned to adjust.
We've learned to take it seriously.
We've learnt a lot in the past year.
We've learnt our lesson.
We've learnt to count to a hundred.
We've left our umbrellas on the bus.
We've left the wood untreated as you requested.
We've left undone what should've been done.
We've left.
We've lied to Tom.
We've likely made a mistake.
We've lived everything symbiotically since we were five years old.
We've lived here for a long time.
We've lived here for three years.
We've lived in Australia for a long time.
We've lived in Australia for three years.
We've lived in Australia three years.
We've lived in Boston for a long time.
We've lived in Boston for three years.
We've lived in Boston three years.
We've lived in this house for three years.
We've lived in this house for two years.
We've lived in this town for three years.
We've lived in this town since 1960.
We've lived like this for 30 years.
We've lived through everything with them.
We've lived together since 2012.
We've lived with this problem for three months now.
We've located Tom.
We've located her.
We've located him.
We've located it.
We've located the shoal of herring.
We've located them.
We've looked at a lot of things.
We've looked at every angle.
We've looked everywhere and can't find Tom.
We've looked everywhere, haven't we?
We've looked everywhere.
We've lost 3 to 0.
We've lost a battle, but we'll win the war.
We've lost a lot of customers.
We've lost again.
We've lost all hope of being compensated.
We've lost all our equipment.
We've lost all our money.
We've lost all sense of community.
We've lost almost all our away games.
We've lost contact.
We've lost everything.
We've lost faith in humanity.
We've lost her.
We've lost nothing.
We've lost our funding.
We've lost our health insurance.
We've lost our jobs.
We've lost our keys.
We've lost our leader.
We've lost our tickets.
We've lost our umbrellas.
We've lost our way.
We've lost power.
We've lost so many men.
We've lost some momentum.
We've lost the path to take.
We've lost them.
We've lost this war.
We've lost three games in a row.
We've lost too much.
We've lost valuable time.
We've lost way too much money trying to change things.
We've lost.
We've lowered our prices further.
We've lowered our prices.
We've made a bad mistake.
We've made a big mistake.
We've made a deal.
We've made a decision.
We've made a drastic improvement.
We've made a final decision.
We've made a huge mistake.
We've made a lot of changes.
We've made a lot of improvements today.
We've made a lot of innovations.
We've made a lot of mistakes along the way.
We've made a lot of money doing that.
We've made a lot of money since we started this business.
We've made a lot of progress today.
We've made a mistake.
We've made a shocking discovery.
We've made a start.
We've made a stupid mistake.
We've made a thorough search.
We've made a very interesting discovery.
We've made allowances for that.
We've made arrangements for you.
We've made arrangements to spend tomorrow together.
We've made every effort to meet their needs.
We've made far too many mistakes.
We've made good progress.
We've made great inroads into solving the problem, but our resources dwindle and the end is not in sight.
We've made it to Berlin, onwards to New York.
We've made it.
We've made little headway.
We've made little progress.
We've made lots of changes.
We've made many improvements.
We've made many mistakes.
We've made mistakes along the way.
We've made mistakes that could have been avoided.
We've made mistakes.
We've made no changes yet.
We've made no commitments yet.
We've made numerous improvements to our house since we bought it.
We've made our decision.
We've made plenty of money doing this.
We've made progress.
We've made several changes.
We've made some changes.
We've made some new rules.
We've made the discovery of the century.
We've made those changes already.
We've made too many bad decisions.
We've made too many mistakes.
We've made way too many errors.
We've made way too many mistakes.
We've managed to pollute our atmosphere pretty badly.
We've managed.
We've matured.
We've met Tom.
We've met a few times before.
We've met a few times.
We've met at last.
We've met before, haven't we?
We've met before.
We've met before. Do you remember?
We've met face to face.
We've met on occasion.
We've met once before.
We've met only once.
We've met several times.
We've met some nice people.
We've met, but I can't remember where.
We've misjudged Tom.
We've missed Tom.
We've missed a great opportunity.
We've missed our bus.
We've missed our train.
We've missed our turn.
We've missed out on a great opportunity.
We've missed out on a huge opportunity.
We've missed out on an enormous opportunity.
We've missed out on an incredible opportunity.
We've missed the boat.
We've missed you so much.
We've missed you.
We've mostly been listening to history podcasts.
We've moved on from that.
We've moved the surviving baby swordtails to another tank.
We've moved.
We've named all our children after their aunts and uncles.
We've nearly finished preparations. How about taking a nap?
We've never actually been out on a date together.
We've never been apart.
We've never been back to Boston since then.
We've never been disappointed.
We've never been formally introduced.
We've never been friends.
We've never been happier.
We've never been here before.
We've never been in disagreement, him and I.
We've never been there.
We've never been this far inside Algeria.
We've never been this wrong before.
We've never been to Australia.
We've never been to Boston.
We've never been to Oviedo.
We've never been to that place.
We've never before had this much snow.
We've never broken the law.
We've never dealt with topics like this.
We've never denied that.
We've never discussed it.
We've never disputed that.
We've never done anything like this before.
We've never done it before.
We've never done it like that.
We've never done it that way.
We've never done it this way before.
We've never done that before.
We've never done this before.
We've never even seen anything like this before.
We've never forced Tom into anything.
We've never given a concert in Boston.
We've never gone there.
We've never gone this way, have we?
We've never had a car.
We've never had a conflict, him and I.
We've never had a problem with Tom before.
We've never had any reason to do that.
We've never had any trouble with it so far.
We've never had anybody do that before.
We've never had it so good.
We've never had so much snow.
We've never had such a heavy snowfall.
We've never had that before.
We've never had this before.
We've never had this problem before.
We've never heard this story.
We've never let politics get in the way of our friendship.
We've never lied to each other.
We've never lived here.
We've never lived in Australia.
We've never lived in Boston.
We've never lost hope.
We've never lost more than three games in a row.
We've never made any money.
We've never met, but I've heard a lot about you.
We've never met.
We've never needed it.
We've never re-negotiated.
We've never seen Tom like this before.
We've never seen Tom this angry before.
We've never seen Tom this worked up.
We've never seen any of those.
We've never seen anything like it.
We've never seen anything like this before, but here it is again!
We've never seen one like this before.
We've never spent much time together.
We've never talked about it.
We've never talked about that.
We've never talked to Tom.
We've never talked to her.
We've never talked to them.
We've never talked.
We've never tried doing it that way.
We've never tried doing that.
We've never used this room.
We've never visited Australia.
We've never worked out why.
We've no TV.
We've no choice but to do it this way.
We've no choice.
We've no time to be lame.
We've no time.
We've nominated our representative.
We've not done well.
We've not had a single drop of rain for two weeks.
We've not yet reached the water table.
We've now been together for nearly three years.
We've now entered the final phase.
We've offered our support.
We've one thing in common: We both are right handed.
We've only been dating for a month.
We've only been dating three weeks.
We've only been here for an hour.
We've only been married for a week and you're already coming home so late!
We've only been married for three years.
We've only been together three months.
We've only corresponded and never met in person.
We've only done a third of what has to be done.
We've only got a few hours.
We've only got about three minutes.
We've only got an hour.
We've only got one chance.
We've only got one left.
We've only got one option.
We've only got one problem yet to solve.
We've only got one shot at this.
We've only got tea.
We've only got thirty minutes.
We've only got this one.
We've only got three bracelets.
We've only got three days left to get this done.
We've only got three days left.
We've only got three days to do that.
We've only got three days to go.
We've only got three days.
We've only got three hours.
We've only got three minutes.
We've only got three more days.
We've only got three weeks left.
We've only just arrived.
We've only just begun.
We've only just got here.
We've only just moved in.
We've only just started.
We've only known each other for three months.
We've only lost by a goal.
We've only picked off ripe fruit.
We've opened a branch in Boston.
We've ordered Chinese food.
We've ordered a pizza.
We've outrun them.
We've overcome many obstacles.
We've overlooked many important facts.
We've overslept again!
We've overslept again.
We've paid our dues.
We've painted the door green.
We've painted the walls white.
We've parted ways.
We've picked the winners!
We've planted the garden.
We've played a lot of matches this season.
We've postponed our concert until next month.
We've postponed our wedding until October.
We've postponed the wedding.
We've poured a huge amount of money into this project.
We've poured millions of dollars into this project.
We've practiced long enough.
We've prepared a room for you.
We've prepared three versions of the document: a short and concise version which is easy to digest, one which is moderately sized, and one which is very detailed and complicated. Which version should we present to the board?
We've prepared well.
We've probably blown a fuse.
We've probably got no choice but to wait.
We've probably made a mistake.
We've promised to do our best.
We've proven that it works.
We've put in a lot of long days.
We've put on make-up.
We've put on weight.
We've put the Christmas presents under the tree.
We've put the chairs away.
We've put up with this for three years.
We've qualified for the final.
We've raised our prices.
We've raised three healthy children.
We've ran out of syrup.
We've reached a stalemate in our relationship.
We've reached an agreement.
We've reached the end of our journey.
We've reached the peak.
We've reached the point of no return.
We've reached the point where a street hooker is explaining how to make something of yourself!
We've read what you've written.
We've realised that our programme of austerity was completely barmy.
We've really been bonding.
We've really been missing him since he left.
We've really got our mojo back.
We've really got to hurry.
We've really got to step on it.
We've really had a good match.
We've really hit it off.
We've reason to be afraid.
We've received a lot of applications in answer to our advertisements.
We've received a lot of complaints.
We've received a lot of compliments.
We've received a lot of positive feedback from customers.
We've received a lot of positive feedback.
We've received all the proper paperwork.
We've received just over 3,000 dollars in donations so far.
We've received many favorable comments on the video we uploaded yesterday.
We've received many orders from Australia.
We've received many positive comments on the video we uploaded yesterday.
We've received no explanation yet.
We've received our first assignment.
We've received some complaints about Tom's behaviour.
We've received thirteen complaints so far this week.
We've recently lost several big clients.
We've recently lowered the prices.
We've recently put a new roof on our house.
We've recently received a barrage of complaints.
We've recently started living together in a shared flat.
We've recorded a pared-down version of the song.
We've recouped part of our loss.
We've refused.
We've released them.
We've remade this video three times.
We've renovated our house.
We've renovated the run-down house.
We've reported the bus driver to the tour company.
We've resolved the problem.
We've retired him.
We've ruled out that possibility.
We've run aground.
We've run enough for one day.
We've run into a little bit of a problem.
We've run into a problem.
We've run into similar problems before.
We've run out of ammunition.
We've run out of aspirin.
We've run out of beer.
We've run out of bombs.
We've run out of butter.
We've run out of cheese.
We've run out of coal.
We've run out of coffee.
We've run out of dog food.
We've run out of firewood.
We've run out of food.
We've run out of fuel.
We've run out of gas.
We've run out of gasoline.
We've run out of kerosene.
We've run out of milk.
We've run out of money.
We've run out of painkillers.
We've run out of paint.
We've run out of paper for the photocopier.
We've run out of patience.
We've run out of petrol.
We've run out of red wine.
We've run out of soap.
We've run out of sugar.
We've run out of supplies.
We've run out of syrup.
We've run out of tea.
We've run out of things to drink.
We've run out of things to sell. Now, how are we going to buy food?
We've run out of time.
We've run out of toilet paper.
We've run out of water.
We've run short of money.
We've run short of oil.
We've sacrificed enough.
We've said our goodbyes.
We've saved dozens of children from starvation.
We've scheduled two appointments with them for the following month.
We've searched all over for Tom.
We've searched everywhere for that book.
We've searched everywhere.
We've searched everywhere. There's nowhere else to look.
We've searched high and low for that book.
We've seen Tom recently.
We've seen Tom.
We've seen a dramatic growth in the solar sector.
We've seen aliens.
We've seen all-round improvements lately.
We've seen drastic changes since then.
We've seen enough.
We've seen everything.
We've seen her.
We've seen him.
We've seen it all.
We've seen it as well.
We've seen it before.
We've seen it, as well.
We've seen it, too.
We've seen it.
We've seen law enforcement across the country start to take a more modulated approach.
We've seen nothing.
We've seen our share of action.
We've seen quite a few wild turkeys around here.
We've seen that happen before.
We've seen the last of it.
We've seen the two teachers.
We've seen the worst and the best.
We've seen them.
We've seen this before.
We've seen this happen before.
We've seen this happen too many times.
We've seen this kind of thing before.
We've seen this kind of thing happen before.
We've seen this movie before.
We've seen this pattern before.
We've seen this time and again.
We've seen three wars.
We've seen what Tom can do.
We've seen what you can do.
We've seen worse.
We've sent a token to your phone number.
We've sent the invitations yesterday.
We've set our thermostat lower to save money on our heating bill.
We've set the date for our class reunion.
We've set the meeting tentatively for Monday. It's subject to change.
We've set up offices in Boston.
We've set up tents for the refugees.
We've sliced the tomatoes.
We've slid into an almost hopeless situation.
We've sold all the tickets.
We've sold our property.
We've sold out our entire inventory.
We've sold over a million copies of that book.
We've sold some but not a whole lot.
We've solved a lot of problems today.
We've solved that mystery.
We've solved that problem.
We've solved the mystery.
We've solved the problem.
We've spent a great deal of time together.
We've spent a lot of time developing new materials.
We've spent a lot of time in Australia.
We've spent a lot of time in Boston.
We've spent a lot of time together, haven't we?
We've spent a lot of time together.
We've spent a significant amount of time together.
We've spent all our money.
We've spent all the money that was donated.
We've spent all the money.
We've spent almost thirty years here.
We've spent around a half-hour to prepare.
We've spent every Christmas for the last thirty years together.
We've spent more than 300 hours working on this.
We've spent more than thirty hours working on this already.
We've spent our whole lives together.
We've spent over three hours discussing this already.
We've spent the last three months in Boston.
We've spent too much money.
We've spent too much time goofing off. Now it's time to get down to work.
We've spent too much time here.
We've spoken French together since the first time that we met.
We've spoken French together since the first time we met.
We've spoken on the phone to our uncle.
We've spoken to each other before.
We've spotted that shoal of herring.
We've sprung a leak.
We've started a business in Algiers.
We've started doing stuff together again.
We've started eating.
We've started looking for a better way to do that.
We've started looking for a house.
We've started to recycle newspapers.
We've still got a chance.
We've still got a couple of days.
We've still got a job to do.
We've still got a long way to go.
We've still got a lot of time left.
We've still got a lot of time.
We've still got a lot of work to do.
We've still got a lot to do today.
We've still got a lot to do.
We've still got a month left.
We've still got a ways to go.
We've still got an hour to go until the meeting. Where shall we while away the time?
We've still got each other, and that's the main thing.
We've still got some lasagna left.
We've still got some loo paper.
We've still got some loo roll.
We've still got some milk left in the refrigerator.
We've still got some time.
We've still got some way to go, but we're heading in the right direction.
We've still got something to do before leaving.
We've still got something to do before we leave.
We've still got them.
We've still got time.
We've still got work to do.
We've stonewalled them, and they've got nothing.
We've stopped doing that.
We've stopped it.
We've stopped selling those.
We've stopped.
We've stuck together.
We've studied French for several years.
We've studied it thoroughly.
We've studied this in some depth.
We've succeeded.
We've suffered a lot these past few years.
We've suffered a minor setback.
We've suffered a setback.
We've suffered enough already.
We've suffered great hardships.
We've suffered heavy casualties.
We've suffered heavy losses.
We've supplied the villagers with food.
We've survived a plane crash.
We've survived another cold winter.
We've survived another hot summer.
We've survived our whole lives together.
We've survived worse than this.
We've taken a hit. Trivial damage.
We've taken a long hard look at your sales-directed communication and decided to buy some of the weed that you smoke.
We've taken a stand on this matter.
We've taken care of all the details.
We've taken care of everything.
We've taken care of that.
We've taken over.
We've taken precautions.
We've taken very good care of Tom.
We've talked a lot about this.
We've talked a lot on the phone.
We've talked about expectations.
We've talked about going to Australia.
We've talked about her.
We've talked about it before.
We've talked about it.
We've talked about starting a family.
We've talked about that a lot.
We've talked about that.
We've talked about this before, although it was more in jest than anything.
We've talked about this before.
We've talked about this many times before.
We've talked about this.
We've talked at length about the introduction of the euro, but little, or, quite honestly, not at all about what happens afterwards.
We've talked before on my channel about this problem.
We've talked in the past about the hobbies that Americans enjoy, hundreds of them, from collecting thimbles and beer bottle labels to building elaborate model railroad layouts.
We've talked it over among ourselves.
We've talked it over.
We've talked over this matter in detail for half an hour already. Let's finish it off.
We've talked to Tom about that.
We've talked to Tom.
We've talked to her.
We've talked to him.
We've talked to them.
We've talked with just about everyone.
We've temporarily fixed the problem.
We've thrown an awful lot of money at that project, money I doubt we'll ever recoup.
We've tidied our room up.
We've tidied up our room.
We've told Tom not to do that.
We've told them not to do that.
We've told you everything we know.
We've told your family that you're here.
We've told your family you're here.
We've traveled all around Europe.
We've tried all the puddings, and this one is clearly the best.
We've tried calling Tom's cell phone.
We've tried doing that, too.
We've tried every conceivable method, but absolutely nothing works.
We've tried everything.
We've tried many different ways to do that.
We've tried that.
We've tried this before.
We've tried to be nice to Tom.
We've tried to do that many different ways.
We've tried to do too much.
We've unsubscribed you from our mailing list, because you haven't opened any of our emails in more than a year.
We've updated our Privacy Policy; it no longer contains anything.
We've uploaded some great photos.
We've upped our offer by $3,000.
We've upset Tom.
We've upset him.
We've used almost all the money.
We've visited Australia a few times.
We've visited Australia many times.
We've visited Boston a few times.
We've waited a long time for this day.
We've waited a long time for you.
We've waited a long time to meet you.
We've waited a long time, but today we're doing it!
We've waited a long time.
We've waited around here long enough.
We've waited for you the whole day.
We've waited long enough, I think.
We've waited long enough.
We've waited three years for this to happen.
We've waited too long already.
We've waited too long.
We've walked about three kilometres.
We've walked all around the lake.
We've warned Tom several times not to do that.
We've wasted a lot of time.
We've wasted enough time.
We've wasted no time.
We've wasted our money.
We've watched this film two times.
We've won a battle.
We've won more games than we've lost.
We've won the competition three years in a row.
We've won three games in a row.
We've won!
We've won.
We've worked enough for today. Let's eat!
We've worked hard for this.
We've worked hard for what we have.
We've worked hard.
We've worked really hard on this.
We've worked so hard.
We've worked together for over thirty years.
We've worked very hard.
We've written a lot already, but not enough yet.
We've written a lot.
We've written back and forth for years.
We've written the report.
We've written to them.
We've wronged you.
We, ACME Ltd., hereby announce that we will resist with all our strength this hostile takeover.
We, Algerians, are mainly of Berber origin.
We, Joki and I, talked for a long time that evening, the 10th of March of 2020, as if she were downloading everything important into my brain. She was an avid fan of spirituality. An interesting thing that she said that struck me as wild was that if some people wanted to end the world, then the world would end for them, whilst people who did not want the end would not see it. Different people would see a different "show." Thoughts affected one's reality. She talked about "spirits" and "ghosts." She talked of "dimensions" and "frequencies" concerning spiritual "ascension." She was curious of the word "divine." She believed in sentients on other "planets" in other "solar systems" in other "galaxies." She liked astronomy and cosmology. She was very positive and believed in esoteric self-improvement. She was a rare person. In any case, she was a syncretist, as many Chinese were.
We, apes, have been ingesting alcohol for 10 million years that began with eating fermented fruits fallen on the ground.
We, as a society, have many problems.
We, as a society, have many problems. This is without a doubt not one of them.
We, by ourselves, are able to do it without a typical crab.
We, humanity, are most likely not alone in the vastness of this universe.
We, kafir dogs, cannot comprehend the glory of Allah.
We, massed in onset, make the foe retire, / and slay them, wildered, weetless of the way. / Fortune, with favouring smile, assists our first essay.
We, sunk in careless joy, / poor souls! with festive garlands deck each fane, / and through the town in revelry employ / the day decreed our last, the dying hours of Troy!
We, sword in hand, make onset, and invite / the gods and Jove himself the spoil to share, / and piling couches, banquet on the fare.
We, the Danes, have a special love-hate relationship with our Swedish neighbors.
We, the French, really love wine.
We, the Japanese, now feed ourselves with rice.
We, the colonists on Mars, have been here for thousands of years.
We, the jury, find the defendant guilty of murder.
We, the people who inhabit Iceland, wish to create a just society where every person has equal opportunity.
We, the people, have to help each other.
We, too, have started in the same way.
We, vulgar Internet users, are just raw materials, from which Google and Facebook extract our digital lives to make the predictive products sold to enterprises that want to exploit us.
Weak Artificial Intelligence refers to the construction of partially intelligent machines and software, whose operation does not dispense with human intervention.
Weak foundations caused the house to subside.
Weak people lose.
Weakened by wine, the Rutulians had fallen asleep and were silent.
Weakness brought on by a number of respiratory ailments had forced him just last week to announce that he was giving up his conducting career.
Wealth and fame cannot seduce him, poverty and humiliation don't deter him from his goal. He doesn't bend to any power or violence. Such is a great man.
Wealth and health go hand in hand.
Wealth and success are considered synonymous, but I have found more misery in the homes of the rich than among the poor.
Wealth begets power.
Wealth breeds arrogance.
Wealth can be a factor in attraction for girls.
Wealth collects wealth and debt collects debt.
Wealth comes to those who make things happen, not to those who let things happen.
Wealth corrupts.
Wealth could not muddle his thoughts, poverty could not change his integrity, force could not oppress his will, this is what it means to be a man.
Wealth does not always bring us happiness.
Wealth doesn't always assure happiness.
Wealth doesn't interest me.
Wealth doesn't prolong life.
Wealth has its advantages.
Wealth hoarding is stifling economic growth.
Wealth in the modern world does not come merely from individual effort; it results from a combination of individual effort and of the manifold uses to which the community puts that effort.
Wealth is becoming more and more concentrated.
Wealth is concentrated in the hands of the rich.
Wealth is like a facade behind which miseries swarm.
Wealth is not as important as health or happiness.
Wealth is not the only joy there is.
Wealth is not without its advantages, and the case to the contrary, although it has often been made, has never proved widely persuasive.
Wealth is relative.
Wealth is the goal of managing one's affairs.
Wealth isn't as important as health or happiness.
Wealth isn't just money. If you know many languages, you can have windows to many rich worlds. Money isn't everything.
Wealth leads to a lack of kindness.
Wealth may be a factor of happiness.
Wealth without health is hollow consolation.
Wealth, as such, does not bring happiness.
Wealth, as such, does not matter much.
Wealthier people are more likely to believe in nature over nurture.
Wealthy countries began phasing out leaded gasoline in the 1970s and 1980s due to health and environmental concerns.
Wealthy immigrants from China are happy to pay stratospherical prices for homes in Vancouver.
Wealthy older men often marry younger trophy wives.
Wealthy people control the school.
Weaning is a very stressful experience for both the ewe and the lambs.
Weapons are forbidden here.
Weapons are means used for killing.
Weapons don't kill people. People kill people.
Weapons export was prohibited.
Weapons of mass destruction need to be banned everywhere.
Weapons on the ground!
Wear a blue dress.
Wear a coat - it's cold out!
Wear a helmet when riding a bike.
Wear a life jacket when boating or kayaking.
Wear a mask to avoid being infected with COVID-19.
Wear a mask to stop the spread of COVID-19.
Wear a mask, Tom.
Wear a mask.
Wear appropriate footwear to prevent any injuries.
Wear boots to avoid slipping.
Wear flat, rubber-soled shoes.
Wear gloves so you don't leave fingerprints.
Wear gloves to protect your hands.
Wear perfume wherever you want to be kissed.
Wear silk socks!
Wear socks or you'll ruin your shoes.
Wear something blue.
Wear something comfortable.
Wear something that has a pocket.
Wear something warm. It's going to be cold this afternoon.
Wear sunscreen and bring sunglasses.
Wear sunscreen to protect your skin from the sun.
Wear sunscreen to protect your skin.
Wear these sneakers.
Wear this coat, or you will catch a cold.
Wear this coat, or you'll catch a cold.
Wear torn clothes if you must, but be independent.
Wear warm clothes in the winter.
Wear warm clothes in winter.
Wear warm clothes or you could get sick.
Wear warm clothes.
Wear what clothes you please.
Wear what clothes you want.
Wear what will protect you.
Wear what you want.
Wear whatever you want to wear.
Wear whatever you want.
Wear your Kabyle dress.
Wear your coat.
Wear your floaties when you're in the pool, just to be safe.
Wear your glasses.
Wear your learning like your watch, in a private pocket; and do not pull it out and strike it, merely to show that you have one.
Wear your raincoat because it's already raining.
Wear your reflective tape so you can be seen.
Wearable electronics need suitable power sources, so batteries are another product being featured, such as a bendable cell suitable to be incorporated into garments.
Wearing a Kabyle dress fills Skura with a strong sense of pride and connection to her roots.
Wearing a Kabyle dress, Rima stands tall, exuding pride and a strong connection to her cultural heritage.
Wearing a bright teal headband and a black-and-white dress, 12-year-old Yolanda adjusted the microphone lower and glanced sideways at her father, smiling nervously.
Wearing a cowboy hat and saddled with three small bags in tatters, Hughes said when he first announced his plans, no one was convinced he would make it this far.
Wearing a face mask or covering incorrectly can make it easier for coronavirus to spread.
Wearing a mask during the pandemic is more accepted in collectivist cultures.
Wearing a pasta colander on one's head is one of the symbols of Pastafarianism.
Wearing a suit doesn't turn you into a mature, responsible member of society.
Wearing a suit, he stood out.
Wearing an upside down baseball cap on your head is pretty whacky.
Wearing cat ears doesn't automatically make someone a furry.
Wearing fluorescent yellow socks with black pants isn't a good look.
Wearing fur isn't as popular now as it used to be.
Wearing glasses makes you look more intellectual.
Wearing glasses should correct your vision.
Wearing green is optional.
Wearing grey-black track pants, a bright red Nike-logo T-shirt, a red-and-white bucket hat, and colourful flip-flops, I attended the party of the Wongs' next door, as they celebrated Moli Wong's and her son Abe's birthdays around this time, the 27th of August of 2022. They both have Chinese and East Indian ancestries, as the daughter Sandra, whilst they all have a Fijian-nationality background. Also from Fiji, Moli's husband Leong is Chinese. Sandra's son, Moli's grandson, Darius, who has also the added Negro ancestry, a resulting quadriracial then of Mongoloid, Caucasoid, Negroid, and Australoid, has just got a job in a big boxing warehouse facility, thanks to connections with our Greek-Cypriot neighbour George, whose wife is the Japanese Chika. I talked mainly with Chika in the party in our encoded Japanese-English. The sashimi from Banzai restaurant were really "big." One of her daughters was there, whilst the other was "shopping in Metrotown." I know that they speak Japanese. I really enjoyed Moli's duck curry and chicken curry. It was a fabulous feast, here on our Lulu Island.
Wearing her Kabyle dress, Rima felt a strong connection to her community and took pride in preserving and promoting the cultural heritage of her region.
Wearing her platforms, Mary was a head taller than Tom.
Wearing hijab won't stop you from achieving your goals.
Wearing his signature white smiley face, orange hair, enormous shoes and big red nose, Creeky the Clown has been making people laugh for 30 years.
Wearing lipstick is against school rules.
Wearing matching hoodies, Tom and Mary went out on a date.
Wearing second-hand clothes is now popular among young people.
Wearing shoes that are too small is bad for your feet.
Wearing the glasses should correct your vision.
Weary of life, Tom became a cynic.
Weary with toil, I haste me to my bed, the dear repose for limbs with travel tired, but then begins a journey in my head to work my mind when body's work's espired.
Weasels are known for their cleverness and elusiveness.
Weasels consume rodents in large quantities.
Weasels eat great numbers of rodents.
Weasels have a reputation for being elusive and cunning.
Weather changes often.
Weather conditions may change.
Weather control made sure that it rained just once a week.
Weather experts use a scientific instrument called a barometer to measure pressure in Earths atmosphere. But the device uses a barometer to estimate height. Instruments called magnetometers act as 3D compasses. They gather information about metallic structures.
Weather forecast for tonight: dark.
Weather forecasters described the storms as "large and extremely dangerous." The twisters picked up large trucks and slammed them to the ground. They also tore through residential neighborhoods, demolishing homes, smashing cars, and uprooting trees.
Weather forecasts are rarely accurate.
Weather is nice for you.
Weather like this tempts me to have a duvet day.
Weather modification is a conspiracy theory.
Weather on Earth will change.
Weather permitting we will go for a drive.
Weather permitting, I'll depart tomorrow.
Weather permitting, I'll do that tomorrow.
Weather permitting, I'll go fishing in a river.
Weather permitting, I'll leave tomorrow.
Weather permitting, I'll start tomorrow.
Weather permitting, Ill go fishing in a river.
Weather permitting, Ill start tomorrow.
Weather permitting, let's go on a picnic.
Weather permitting, lets go on a picnic.
Weather permitting, we are going to get to the top of mountain tomorrow.
Weather permitting, we are going to get to the top of the mountain tomorrow.
Weather permitting, we will enjoy the beautiful scenery.
Weather permitting, we will go on a picnic tomorrow.
Weather permitting, we will leave in an hour.
Weather permitting, we'll go hiking tomorrow.
Weather permitting, we'll leave in an hour.
Weather permitting, we'll leave tomorrow morning.
Weather permitting, we'll start on our trip tomorrow.
Weather permitting, well leave tomorrow morning.
Weather permitting, well start on our trip tomorrow.
Weather reports rarely come true.
Weather scientists said May 2020 was the warmest month on record worldwide.
Weather's been strange the past few years.
Weather's pretty nice tonight.
Weaver runs her own real estate firm with a staff of about six people in picturesque Storm Lake, Iowa, a city in the northwestern part of the state with an estimated population of 10,458 people.
Weaving baskets is easy.
Web 3.0 is the enshittified web.
Web 3.0 is the phase of the web where it stops being useful for anything.
Web browsers are very useful.
Web crawlers are also called web spiders, from which the name is derived.
Webb carries four state-of-the-art science instruments with highly sensitive infrared detectors of unprecedented resolution.
Webb is scheduled for liftoff at 7:20 am EST Saturday, Dec. 25.
Webb will study infrared light from celestial objects with much greater clarity than ever before.
Website administrators who ask for discussions of their decisions to take place in private are trying to avoid accountability.
Websites collect information about you.
Webster sees aquaculture as a way to bring the oysters back. Hatchery "seed"  farm-raised juvenile oysters  are being used to create oyster sanctuaries, where harvesting is prohibited.
Wedding asks for a dwelling.
Weddings and sports events have been canceled.
Weddings are a source of annoyance for him.
Weddings are expensive.
Weddings are special occasions.
Weddings are usually happy occasions.
Weddings get on his nerves.
Wedlock is a padlock.
Wednesday I am free.
Wednesday afternoon, police found the teenager with a drifter who was wanted for questioning.
Wednesday is a day like any other.
Wednesday is a day of the week.
Wednesday is a little Friday.
Wednesday is after Tuesday.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if hes happy about it?
Wednesday is my day of rest.
Wednesday is near!
Wednesday is the third day of the week.
Wednesday marks the 18th anniversary of the terror attacks against the United States of Sept. 11, 2001.
Wednesday was a busy day at the massage therapy studio.
Wednesday was the last of four days which are considered to be particularly auspicious for the dip in the river which Hindus regard as sacred.
Wednesday's sessions focus on oceans and other water resources. The UN warns that failure to improve water resource management jeopardizes progress on poverty reduction and achievement of sustainable development goals.
Wednesday's test will be difficult.
Wednesday's vote came as a new study by the Security Council details how the country has effectively evaded international sanctions in the last decade.
Wednesdays quake, whose epicenter was 125 kilometers or almost 78 miles away, shook and shuddered Cellenos medieval and modern houses for about 20 seconds.
Weed is legal in New York City.
Weed is legal in New York State.
Weed is legal in New York.
Weeding is wearisome work.
Weeding the garden is my job.
Weeds and flowers spring from its massy arches and its circling seats, and vines hang their fringes from its lofty walls.
Weeds are nature's opposition against the rule of the gardeners.
Weeds grow incredibly fast.
Weeds on a wall fall on both sides.
Weeds sprang up in the garden.
Weeds will soon outgrow the flowers.
Week 13: Learn about absolute, and relative, motion.
Weekdays Monday through Friday, from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Weekend lie-ins are a thing of the past for her since she took up cycling.
Weekends are always short.
Weekends are very busy.
Weeks after its scientists released the sequence of the coronavirus, China says the first vaccines could be in "emergency use" next month.
Weeks turned into months.
Weeks went by and Yanni didn't surface.
Weeping is a very close neighbour of joy.
Weeping she spake, with unavailing woe, / and poured her sorrow to the winds, when lo, / in sight comes Helenus, with fair array, / and hails his friends, and hastening to bestow / glad welcome, toward his palace leads the way; / but tears and broken words his mingled thoughts betray.
Weevils eat the leaves of the fuchsia.
Weibo is China's answer to Twitter.
Weigh it for me, please.
Weigh my suitcases for me.
Weigh out 15 grams of coffee beans.
Weigh the pros and cons first.
Weigh this for me.
Weigh your choices carefully.
Weigh your words well.
Weigh yourself and tell me how much you weigh.
Weigh yourself every day.
Weighed down with his burden, and weary from his exertions, he stumbled along, keeping up his heart by the reflection that every step brought him nearer to Lucy.
Weighing almost a ton, the mother giraffe is a formidable mother.
Weight and balance calculations are essential for maintaining an aircraft's center of gravity within safe operating limits.
Weight and mass are not the same.
Weight gain is a common side-effect of certain psychiatric medications.
Weight increase is the easiest method for personal development.
Weight is a force that is always directed toward the center of the earth.
Weight is the force of gravity exerted on a body due to its mass and its location near another, more massive object.
Weight problems are very sensitive for women.
Weigongcun subway station has three exits.
Weiler warned that the outbreak could continue to impact Germany for up to two years.
Weird messages started to pop up.
Weird people were coming into town.
Weird shit is happening.
Weird symbols and masks began appearing around the forest.
Weird that nobody knows us.
Weird things are happening.
Weird things keep happening.
Weird things were happening in that house.
Weird.
Welcome Ramadan.
Welcome Tom back home.
Welcome Tom the way you welcomed Mary.
Welcome Tom to our team.
Welcome Tom to the family.
Welcome aboard Air Algerie.
Welcome aboard Flight 123 to Los Angeles.
Welcome aboard this flight.
Welcome aboard!
Welcome aboard, Tom.
Welcome aboard.
Welcome again to your Berber lesson.
Welcome and thank you for accepting our invitation.
Welcome back home, Tom.
Welcome back home.
Welcome back to Australia.
Welcome back to Boston.
Welcome back to Shrek's swamp.
Welcome back to our Berber lesson.
Welcome back to poverty.
Welcome back to reality.
Welcome back to your Berber class.
Welcome back to your home.
Welcome back!
Welcome back, Tom.
Welcome back, Tom. We've missed you.
Welcome back, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome back.
Welcome back. We missed you!
Welcome back. We missed you.
Welcome everyone!
Welcome home ma'am.
Welcome home!
Welcome home! Where have you been?
Welcome home, Mother.
Welcome home, Tom.
Welcome home, little brother!
Welcome home, my love!
Welcome home.
Welcome on board!
Welcome princess. It's an honor to have you with us again.
Welcome the future, even if it will not be Western!
Welcome to Algeria, home of the brave.
Welcome to Algeria, land of the brave.
Welcome to Algeria.
Welcome to Algiers, Yanni.
Welcome to Algiers.
Welcome to Antarctica.
Welcome to Aracaju.
Welcome to Australia, Tom.
Welcome to Australia.
Welcome to Austria. Please don't feed the kangaroos.
Welcome to Beijing.
Welcome to Berlin! Did you have a good flight?
Welcome to Berlin.
Welcome to Best Products.
Welcome to Boston, Tom.
Welcome to Boston, everybody.
Welcome to Boston.
Welcome to Bratislava!
Welcome to Brazil!
Welcome to Canada!
Welcome to Career Day.
Welcome to China!
Welcome to Chuck's Diner.
Welcome to Colombia, Dave.
Welcome to Columbia!
Welcome to Cyberspace!
Welcome to Dublin!
Welcome to Earth, visitors!
Welcome to Earth.
Welcome to France!
Welcome to Harvard.
Welcome to Hell!
Welcome to Hell, Muammar!
Welcome to Hell.
Welcome to Helsinki, the capital of Finland!
Welcome to Japan.
Welcome to Kentucky!
Welcome to Kyiv!
Welcome to Level Three.
Welcome to London!
Welcome to Mars!
Welcome to Moscow!
Welcome to Naples!
Welcome to San Francisco.
Welcome to Slovakia!
Welcome to Sylt!
Welcome to Syria!
Welcome to Tatoeba!
Welcome to Tatoeba, also known as Tom's fan club.
Welcome to Tatoeba, my friend.
Welcome to Tatoeba, tequila, sex and marijuana.
Welcome to Tatoeba.
Welcome to The Cheese Shop, purveyor of fine cheeses from around the world.
Welcome to Turkey!
Welcome to Trkiye!
Welcome to Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit.
Welcome to Wikipedia.
Welcome to Wiktionary.
Welcome to a new and more meaningful reality.
Welcome to a new year that will bring only things that will restore our smile.
Welcome to being a grown-up.
Welcome to being a mom.
Welcome to being a mother.
Welcome to being a teenager.
Welcome to being famous.
Welcome to big business.
Welcome to both of you.
Welcome to game night.
Welcome to hell!
Welcome to hell.
Welcome to her who came to see me.
Welcome to high school.
Welcome to him who came to my house.
Welcome to homeownership.
Welcome to initiation day.
Welcome to law school.
Welcome to life.
Welcome to my Halloween party.
Welcome to my answering machine! I'm out eating at Quiznos right now, so call me back later. Have a good day!
Welcome to my apartment.
Welcome to my bachelor pad.
Welcome to my backyard.
Welcome to my birthday party.
Welcome to my casino.
Welcome to my castle.
Welcome to my cave.
Welcome to my channel.
Welcome to my childhood home.
Welcome to my club.
Welcome to my country.
Welcome to my crew.
Welcome to my farm.
Welcome to my hiding place.
Welcome to my home.
Welcome to my house, finally.
Welcome to my house.
Welcome to my humble abode.
Welcome to my humble adobe.
Welcome to my humble home.
Welcome to my life, sweetheart.
Welcome to my life.
Welcome to my little home.
Welcome to my little refuge.
Welcome to my man cave.
Welcome to my mansion.
Welcome to my modest abode.
Welcome to my modest home.
Welcome to my museum.
Welcome to my neighborhood.
Welcome to my new apartment.
Welcome to my palace.
Welcome to my ranch.
Welcome to my restaurant.
Welcome to my safe room.
Welcome to my sanctuary.
Welcome to my school.
Welcome to my secret hideout.
Welcome to my shabby home.
Welcome to my shop.
Welcome to my show.
Welcome to my small house.
Welcome to my studio.
Welcome to my tavern.
Welcome to my town.
Welcome to my universe.
Welcome to my workplace. Do you want anything?
Welcome to my workshop.
Welcome to my world.
Welcome to our 1st French class.
Welcome to our 1st German class.
Welcome to our Berber lesson.
Welcome to our Chinese brothers in Africa!
Welcome to our abode.
Welcome to our bakery.
Welcome to our barbecue.
Welcome to our building.
Welcome to our camp.
Welcome to our castle.
Welcome to our circle.
Welcome to our city!
Welcome to our city.
Welcome to our club.
Welcome to our college.
Welcome to our company.
Welcome to our cookout.
Welcome to our country!
Welcome to our district.
Welcome to our event.
Welcome to our facility.
Welcome to our family.
Welcome to our farm.
Welcome to our first German class.
Welcome to our first Italian class.
Welcome to our first class in Italian.
Welcome to our gang.
Welcome to our group.
Welcome to our guest from Egypt, Sami Bakir.
Welcome to our home!
Welcome to our home.
Welcome to our hotel.
Welcome to our house.
Welcome to our housewarming.
Welcome to our humble abode.
Welcome to our humble home.
Welcome to our humble little home.
Welcome to our island.
Welcome to our laboratory.
Welcome to our museum.
Welcome to our neighborhood.
Welcome to our new home.
Welcome to our new office.
Welcome to our new shop.
Welcome to our office.
Welcome to our outfit.
Welcome to our party.
Welcome to our place.
Welcome to our plaza.
Welcome to our research laboratory.
Welcome to our restaurant!
Welcome to our restaurant.
Welcome to our show. It's great to have you with us.
Welcome to our showroom.
Welcome to our small town.
Welcome to our store.
Welcome to our support group.
Welcome to our team.
Welcome to our village.
Welcome to our website!
Welcome to our yacht.
Welcome to paradise!
Welcome to paradise.
Welcome to parenthood.
Welcome to puberty.
Welcome to retirement.
Welcome to storytime.
Welcome to summer camp.
Welcome to the 3rd Shusha Global Media Forum.
Welcome to the Antarctic.
Welcome to the Central Intelligence Agency.
Welcome to the English Wikipedia.
Welcome to the Ido Wiktionary!
Welcome to the Internet!
Welcome to the Navy.
Welcome to the South.
Welcome to the Tatoeba Project website.
Welcome to the US.
Welcome to the USA.
Welcome to the United States of America.
Welcome to the United States.
Welcome to the Wikipedia.
Welcome to the Wiktionary.
Welcome to the Wild West.
Welcome to the afterlife, Tom! You're dead.
Welcome to the area.
Welcome to the army.
Welcome to the asphalt jungle!
Welcome to the bayou.
Welcome to the big leagues.
Welcome to the block.
Welcome to the boondocks.
Welcome to the boonies.
Welcome to the building.
Welcome to the channel.
Welcome to the chaos!
Welcome to the choir.
Welcome to the city.
Welcome to the clan.
Welcome to the club of divorced alcoholic people!
Welcome to the club!
Welcome to the club, Tom.
Welcome to the club.
Welcome to the community.
Welcome to the conference.
Welcome to the countryside.
Welcome to the crew.
Welcome to the department.
Welcome to the easy life.
Welcome to the era of algorithmic tyranny.
Welcome to the era of the tyranny of algorithms.
Welcome to the era of wokeism.
Welcome to the family business.
Welcome to the family, Mina!
Welcome to the family.
Welcome to the firm.
Welcome to the first French class.
Welcome to the first German class.
Welcome to the fraternity.
Welcome to the gang.
Welcome to the good life.
Welcome to the group.
Welcome to the home cooking club.
Welcome to the house of horror.
Welcome to the human condition.
Welcome to the idiot club, Dan.
Welcome to the island of your dreams.
Welcome to the island.
Welcome to the jungle.
Welcome to the long night of cheese and wine.
Welcome to the machine.
Welcome to the magical world of Algiers.
Welcome to the magical world of Narnia.
Welcome to the management team at ABC Japan.
Welcome to the marina.
Welcome to the neighborhood.
Welcome to the next generation of autonomous vehicles.
Welcome to the night shift.
Welcome to the office.
Welcome to the other side.
Welcome to the police academy.
Welcome to the project.
Welcome to the ranch.
Welcome to the real world!
Welcome to the reality.
Welcome to the restaurant industry.
Welcome to the squad.
Welcome to the suburbs.
Welcome to the team.
Welcome to the thirteenth annual Boston spelling bee.
Welcome to the town of Westhampton.
Welcome to the trenches.
Welcome to the world of chemistry.
Welcome to the world of cycling.
Welcome to the world of drag racing.
Welcome to the world of evolution.
Welcome to the world of high finance.
Welcome to the world of mathematics.
Welcome to the world of motor vehicles.
Welcome to the world of physics.
Welcome to the world of politics.
Welcome to the world!
Welcome to this brand new week!
Welcome to this family.
Welcome to this town.
Welcome to this world!
Welcome to those who visited us.
Welcome to trivia night.
Welcome to typhoon season.
Welcome to wine country.
Welcome to your dream island.
Welcome to your new home.
Welcome to your new job.
Welcome!
Welcome, I am Omid.
Welcome, John! We were waiting for you.
Welcome, Meruert.
Welcome, O life! I go to encounter for the millionth time the reality of experience and to forge in the smithy of my soul the uncreated conscience of my race.
Welcome, Sir Henry! Welcome to Baskerville Hall!
Welcome, dear guests!
Welcome, everybody.
Welcome, everyone!
Welcome, everyone, to our first German class.
Welcome, everyone.
Welcome, friendly reader!
Welcome, how's it going?
Welcome, ladies and gentlemen!
Welcome, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome, prisoners... I mean, guests.
Welcome, students!
Welcome.
Welcome. Now that many people have arrived, please take a seat and wait for a while.
Welcoming new ideas matters greatly.
Weld the outer edge to match the one provided on the plate.
Welded by the charm of love, united for eternity, what could separate you?
Well Ethiopia, in terms of raising agricultural output and helping their smallholder farmers, really did a fantastic job.
Well I don't know.
Well I don't plan on going.
Well I don't think it's at all odd.
Well I dont think its at all odd.
Well I never!
Well I never.
Well I'll be buggered!
Well I'll be darned!
Well I'll be!
Well Jim, we're on our way now.
Well Tom, how is it being married? Do you like it?
Well as expected, she is a disgusting thing, right?
Well begun is half done.
Well begun, well finished.
Well boss, we were thorough when we disposed of the evidence. I can assure you, we've got the cat in the bag on this one.
Well darn! The building is closed.
Well did I come to know the presiding dryads of those trees, and often have I watched their wild dances in the struggling beams of waning moonbut of these things I must not now speak.
Well do I remember it.
Well do I remember the day when my sister was born.
Well do I remember the day you were born.
Well do I remember the day.
Well do I remember the first day we met.
Well do I remember the man's name.
Well do I remember the mans name.
Well do I remember the night view of Kobe.
Well do I remember the scene.
Well doing makes well being.
Well done is better than well said.
Well done on completing your project!
Well done!
Well done! That's not bad.
Well done! You have drawn this picture nicely.
Well done! Your parents must be proud of you.
Well done, Farid!
Well done, Tom.
Well done, everybody.
Well done, guys.
Well done, my friend.
Well done, my friends.
Well done, son.
Well done, you are starting to master Kabyle!
Well done.
Well done. Give yourself a cookie.
Well done. Give yourself a star.
Well done. Take a pie from the shelf.
Well get going!
Well hello there.
Well if it's a cassette, of course, you'll need a cassette player.
Well if you dont define a goal, you cant fail! The problem is: youll never succeed.
Well in that case, I'll do whatever you say.
Well inflation rates continue in Algeria?
Well it will probably go smoothly.
Well it's ok!
Well it's very difficult changing jobs after you're thirty so I don't really want to do it.
Well its very difficult changing jobs after youre thirty so I dont really want to do it.
Well may she admire her father.
Well may you ask why!
Well met.
Well now ... shall we scarper before were found?
Well now, that's too much.
Well now. Are those words to be trusted I wonder?
Well now Shall we scarper before we're found?
Well of course they are delighted with the excellent news.
Well okay, I'll help.
Well over three thousand people signed to prevent the demolition of this historic building.
Well prepared means no worries.
Well really, you are always repeating the same mistake.
Well said so far.
Well said!
Well said, Tom.
Well said, Ziri.
Well sports day is over too, next the midterms ...
Well spotted, eagle eyes!
Well started is half done.
Well thank you. And you?
Well that moment has come.
Well that was out of the blue!
Well that's all right then!
Well that's because in fiction that sort of fine detail gets skipped.
Well that's more or less what I thought.
Well that's roughly what I thought.
Well that's the part where I'm a wank.
Well thats because in fiction that sort of fine detail gets skipped.
Well the son of that shop's family, seems it's come about that he's to have a shot-gun wedding with a local girl.
Well the son of that shops family, seems its come about that hes to have a shot-gun wedding with a local girl.
Well their lives became such an open book that even the smallest foible became magnified almost beyond recognition.
Well then I'll allow two on a bike, but you pedal, because I'll ride on the rack.
Well then Ill allow two on a bike, but you pedal, because Ill ride on the rack.
Well then why are you laughing?
Well then, I would like to see that.
Well then, I'll come with you.
Well then, I'll give a call around 9 a.m. tomorrow.
Well then, I'll have chicken.
Well then, I'll knock off now and go home.
Well then, Ill have chicken.
Well then, can you explain that to Tom?
Well then, does everybody know the anime called Mai Hime?
Well then, express them!
Well then, go and get changed if you want me to bring you along.
Well then, goodbye.
Well then, have you decided?
Well then, it becomes a matter of urgent concern to the lurkers of this mailing list whether the guilty party confesses or not.
Well then, just continue working.
Well then, let's go.
Well then, let's show a little of our real strength shall we?
Well then, let's start.
Well then, let's talk to each other honestly.
Well then, lets show a little of our real strength shall we?
Well then, shall we do that together?
Well then, state it!
Well then, we can have a chat one of these days; but now I'm in a hurry to get to work.
Well then, we still have a problem.
Well then, we'll meet same time tomorrow in this caf.
Well then, what are we waiting for?
Well then, what do you want to do?
Well there aren't any other positions left. After that, all that is left is basic member.
Well there arent any other positions left. After that, all that is left is basic member.
Well this is a failure.
Well this will be the last act of the play.
Well yes!
Well yes, but actually no.
Well you can imitate everyone you know.
Well you know, it isnt a very good profession for making money. Not at all, it isnt. Most of the good naturalists dont make any money whatever. All they do is spend money, buying butterfly-nets and cases for birds eggs and things. It is only now, after I have been a naturalist for many years, that I am beginning to make a little money from the books I write.
Well you know, negative form translation is difficult!
Well you're always putting on a show, and you're always on guard.
Well youre always putting on a show, and youre always on guard.
Well!
Well! I see you've already met.
Well! I won't do it anymore, sorry!
Well! have you lost courage? Put out your little tongue and I will cut it off in payment for the powerful draught.
Well, Bill, I am pleased to see you here.
Well, Cupid is a terrible sniper.
Well, Ernesto was a good man, a sensitive soul.
Well, I always have time for a friend. They know they can count on me.
Well, I am going to the cinema.
Well, I bake bread, listen to music, or read comic books.
Well, I bake bread.
Well, I can cross that off my bucket list.
Well, I can live with that.
Well, I can tell you something that will put your mind at ease.
Well, I can't help you.
Well, I can't spend $12,000 on a handbag, but it's free to look at those who do with righteous condemnation.
Well, I can't wait to get back to work.
Well, I certainly hope that happens.
Well, I certainly hope that's what's going to happen.
Well, I clean the rooms, do the laundry, or cook an elaborate supper.
Well, I clean the rooms.
Well, I declare!
Well, I did a nice job painting the ceiling, if I do say so myself.
Well, I did learn something worth knowing today, so I'm going to sleep a little less dumber tonight.
Well, I did think that, but then I suddenly had doubts.
Well, I didn't buy them, but later somebody brought three baby kittens to the Gorilla Foundation.
Well, I didn't buy them, but later someone brought three baby kittens to the Gorilla Foundation.
Well, I didn't exactly meet Tom.
Well, I didn't know.
Well, I didn't mean that.
Well, I didn't want to make you nervous.
Well, I didn't want to say that your translation wasn't good, but just ask if another translation would be possible.
Well, I didnt buy them, but later someone brought three baby kittens to the Gorilla Foundation.
Well, I do declare!
Well, I don't care!
Well, I don't have any symptoms.
Well, I don't have much.
Well, I don't know where you're from, but in Boston, people who want jobs wear ties.
Well, I don't know.
Well, I don't see a ring.
Well, I don't think Sara is the sort of girl to bear grudges.
Well, I don't think so.
Well, I dont think Sara is the sort of girl to bear grudges.
Well, I get up early, so I want to sleep there.
Well, I guess I can believe it.
Well, I guess I did say that.
Well, I guess I did wear a fursuit once.
Well, I guess I would've done the same thing.
Well, I guess I'm wrong.
Well, I guess doing that can't hurt.
Well, I guess its because of the anxiety
Well, I guess my work here is done.
Well, I guess that answers that question.
Well, I guess that makes sense.
Well, I guess there's nothing left to do but keep on studying and practicing.
Well, I guess this is it.
Well, I guess we blew it.
Well, I guess we should go.
Well, I guess you were right.
Well, I have a suggestion to make.
Well, I have a suggestion.
Well, I have class.
Well, I have some news.
Well, I have to be going.
Well, I have to do something.
Well, I have to go now.
Well, I hope this new society of yours will be able to keep Avonlea from running any further down hill but I haven't much hope of it.
Well, I hope this will do some good.
Well, I hope you're happy, Tom.
Well, I just asked him if he knew the time, because my watch has stopped, and he simply bolted.
Well, I just don't know!
Well, I just finished reading a book on deaf people's sign languages.
Well, I just hope you're right.
Well, I just remembered.
Well, I know what you want.
Well, I lied.
Well, I like that idea.
Well, I like that.
Well, I liked the work on the farm.
Well, I live here.
Well, I loved it.
Well, I may as well have a look.
Well, I mean, there is no right or wrong way to draw.
Well, I might be interested.
Well, I must be going now.
Well, I must be going.
Well, I must disagree.
Well, I must say goodbye.
Well, I must say, quite honestly, we had agreed to wear ties today.
Well, I must say: that man is a Jack of all trades.
Well, I myself don't know what I want. There lies the problem.
Well, I need to think about it.
Well, I never did!
Well, I never knew that.
Well, I never!
Well, I prefer this kind of weather.
Well, I quit.
Well, I really can't say.
Well, I really must go.
Well, I should be going.
Well, I should get going.
Well, I suppose you're right, Tom.
Well, I think Tom's right.
Well, I think it's interesting.
Well, I think it's time the real story was told.
Well, I think its time the real story was told.
Well, I think jogging is good.
Well, I think that Tom's right.
Well, I think that is correct, though.
Well, I think you're exaggerating.
Well, I thought if anyone could do it, it would be you.
Well, I understood.
Well, I waited for you.
Well, I want a chocolate cake.
Well, I want another coffee.
Well, I want my money back.
Well, I watch television, take a nap, or take a walk in the park nearby.
Well, I watch television.
Well, I will probably stay at home.
Well, I won't pay that much.
Well, I would like that table over there, please.
Well, I wouldn't do that quite yet.
Well, I wouldn't put it quite like that.
Well, I'd better be going.
Well, I'd better get back to work.
Well, I'd better get going.
Well, I'd say it depends.
Well, I'll be a monkey's uncle!
Well, I'll be damned!
Well, I'll be happy to loan you the money.
Well, I'll be seeing you, Tom.
Well, I'll certainly give it a try.
Well, I'll choose the shabu-shabu.
Well, I'll get going.
Well, I'll go to the foot of our stairs.
Well, I'll have a look at my diary.
Well, I'll only take toast and coffee.
Well, I'll see you around.
Well, I'll see you later.
Well, I'll stop bothering you.
Well, I'll surely ask again.
Well, I'll take my time.
Well, I'll tell you how to spell my name.
Well, I'll translate fifteen more sentences in German, but after that I'm leaving.
Well, I'm a patient person.
Well, I'm afraid I must be leaving. I had a nice time.
Well, I'm busy, too.
Well, I'm done.
Well, I'm flattered you still want to hang out with me.
Well, I'm going down to see Tom.
Well, I'm here for you.
Well, I'm just checking in.
Well, I'm just going to talk to Tom.
Well, I'm just watching TV...
Well, I'm knackered. Good night.
Well, I'm meticulous and diligent, I guess. I take my work very seriously.
Well, I'm not going back there again.
Well, I'm not going to lie.
Well, I'm not going.
Well, I'm not surprised.
Well, I'm off now.
Well, I'm pleased we could come to some understanding.
Well, I'm proud of you.
Well, I'm shattered. Good night.
Well, I've been better.
Well, I've got to get back to work.
Well, I've got to go now.
Well, I've had better.
Well, Ill be damned!
Well, Ill be happy to loan you the money.
Well, Ill only take toast and coffee.
Well, Ill surely ask again.
Well, Ill tell you how to spell my name.
Well, Ill translate fifteen more sentences in German, but after that Im leaving.
Well, Im afraid I must be leaving. I had a nice time.
Well, Im just watching TV...
Well, Josh may be a home wrecker, but he's not a home invader.
Well, Marilla, I'll just tell you plain that I think you're doing a mighty foolish thinga risky thing, that's what.
Well, OK. Continue.
Well, San Diego is where life's a beach!
Well, Tom, shouldn't we tell Mary?
Well, Tom, today is your lucky day.
Well, Tom, we were worried about you.
Well, Tom, where have you been?
Well, Tom, would you like to buy me a drink?
Well, Tom, you aren't what I was expecting.
Well, Tom, you know how much your approval means to me.
Well, Tom, you were right.
Well, Watson, what do you make of it?
Well, after all Japan also cut itself off from the world.
Well, after that it's easy.
Well, all right, I'll make an exception, but this'll be the first and last time.
Well, and what else?
Well, anyway, I liked the idea of this site and I want to participate!
Well, are we staying?
Well, are you coming?
Well, are you convinced?
Well, are you doing it?
Well, are you going to ask her?
Well, are you going to ask him?
Well, are you going to clean up your room or not?
Well, are you going to do it?
Well, are you going to give me a hug and a kiss?
Well, are you happy now?
Well, are you preparing or not?
Well, are you satisfied?
Well, aren't you coming?
Well, aren't you glad to see me?
Well, aren't you going to answer your phone?
Well, aren't you going to kiss Tom goodbye?
Well, aren't you going to tell us what happened?
Well, as I said, I think she's making a mistake.
Well, as of late, I've been spending my days alone.
Well, ask!
Well, at least Tom isn't as boring as Mary.
Well, at least everything's back to normal.
Well, at least it's one thing we've accomplished.
Well, at least let me set the table.
Well, at least let me set up the table.
Well, at least she didn't get wet.
Well, at least you didn't hurt yourself.
Well, at least you didn't injure yourself.
Well, at least, that gives you a lot of reading for you to do!
Well, at least, that makes a lot of reading for you to make to keep your mind busy!
Well, at this point, it's standing room only.
Well, at this point, its standing room only.
Well, blame yourself.
Well, blame yourselves.
Well, broadly speaking that's right.
Well, broadly speaking thats right.
Well, brothers in the winged formation, now let's see how you sing in the air.
Well, but what about the money?
Well, color me surprised.
Well, colour me surprised.
Well, congratulations. You've completely ruined everything.
Well, congratulations. You've ruined everything for good.
Well, did it help?
Well, did you enjoy yourself?
Well, did you find it?
Well, did you have a good weekend?
Well, did you manage to fool this simpleton?
Well, did you miss it?
Well, did you miss me?
Well, do you agree?
Well, do you like it?
Well, do you like shopping?
Well, do you want me to fix it or not?
Well, don't just stand there. Help me up.
Well, don't you have anything to say?
Well, don't you know Esperanto?
Well, dont commit suicide.
Well, even if it is just P.E. class, if you don't take it seriously, it won't do you any good in a real match.
Well, even that holds up as an argument.
Well, every cloud has a silver lining.
Well, everyone, that's it for today. Ta-ra!
Well, excuse me for being an ugly-ass brother.
Well, excuse me, princess!
Well, for the practical problem, in the midst of those rumours flying around I'm surprised they've been able to keep that club running.
Well, for the practical problem, in the midst of those rumours flying around Im surprised theyve been able to keep that club running.
Well, from time to time.
Well, get it done today.
Well, girls, it's time to go.
Well, give back the money.
Well, go ahead!
Well, go faster.
Well, go on now, go away!
Well, go on!
Well, go on, get in the car!
Well, goodbye.
Well, guys, not bad for a number two driver, eh?
Well, have fun playing chess! I'll pick you up in an hour.
Well, have you decided yet?
Well, have you decided?
Well, he certainly must have strained himself to get this menagerie together.
Well, he has arrived!
Well, he is baptizing, and everyone is going to him.
Well, he knows how to make women cry, but I know how to make them laugh.
Well, he's a right scallywag.
Well, here I am.
Well, here we are at last!
Well, here we are at last.
Well, here we are!
Well, here we are.
Well, here we go.
Well, hes a right scallywag.
Well, how about some fried nails? I asked, how about some fried nails, eh?
Well, how about you?
Well, how are we doing?
Well, how are you?
Well, how did it go? Did you get any fish?
Well, how did it happen anyway?
Well, how did that happen anyway?
Well, how did you like Sunday school?
Well, how does it help?
Well, how much do you want?
Well, how old are you?
Well, if dinner isn't ready by seven, I'm going to a restaurant.
Well, if it isn't Tom who comes to save the day.
Well, if it's like that then OK.
Well, if that's how it's going to be, then I'm out!
Well, if that's how you feel, I'll stay.
Well, if that's the way you feel.
Well, if they turn you out, we'll just get a room at a hotel in Bouira.
Well, if you aren't going to drink any of this, I'm not either.
Well, if you didn't do it, then who did?
Well, if you insist ...
Well, if you put it that way, sure.
Well, if you really want a drink, I'll make you one.
Well, if you want my tuppence worth, I don't think this plan is really workable.
Well, if you won't tell me, confide your trouble to the iron stove there.
Well, in Kabyle, I am not so strong. It's much more in French that I prefer to indulge in puns, a little in English too.
Well, in Kabyle, I am not strong. It's more in French that I prefer to indulge in puns, a little in English too.
Well, in that area, of course things are different for men and women.
Well, in this country you're not allowed to do that.
Well, is it good or bad?
Well, is that better?
Well, isn't that nice?
Well, isn't this a nice surprise.
Well, isn't this just great.
Well, isnt it a beautiful view?
Well, it doesn't bother me!
Well, it doesn't look so difficult to me.
Well, it doesn't seem like that to me.
Well, it happens.
Well, it hasn't happened yet.
Well, it is a done deal.
Well, it is mutual.
Well, it seems he's paid off his debts for now, but who on Earth arranged that amount of money?
Well, it seems he's paid off his debts, but how on Earth did he arrange that amount of money?
Well, it seems hes paid off his debts, but how on Earth did he arrange that amount of money?
Well, it seems like Phil Anselmo will have to step aside.
Well, it serves you right.
Well, it turns out you were right about Tom.
Well, it was different.
Well, it wasn't all that bad.
Well, it wasnt all that bad.
Well, it won't help.
Well, it'll do for the time being.
Well, it's Groundhog Day... again!
Well, it's a good gag.
Well, it's a long list.
Well, it's a start I guess.
Well, it's about time.
Well, it's all come out in the wash.
Well, it's better than nothing.
Well, it's complicated.
Well, it's getting late. Let's go now.
Well, it's good that Tom left.
Well, it's horses for courses, isn't it?
Well, it's just about time for me to be on my way. Have a great weekend, everybody.
Well, it's just like the proverb "fine feathers make a fine bird". You look really good when you wear a suit.
Well, it's my own fault.
Well, it's not going to happen.
Well, it's not going to help.
Well, it's not going to work.
Well, it's now or never.
Well, it's obvious now.
Well, it's time for me to run off. Bye!
Well, it's time for your decapitation. Don't you have any last words to say?
Well, it's time to go.
Well, it's worth a try, right?
Well, it's worth a try.
Well, it's your own fault.
Well, itll do for the time being.
Well, its all come out in the wash.
Well, its getting late. Lets go now.
Well, its just about time for me to be on my way. Have a great weekend, everybody.
Well, its just like the proverb "fine feathers make a fine bird". You look really good when you wear a suit.
Well, its time for your decapitation. Dont you have any last words to say?
Well, just do it!
Well, just do your best in your own time.
Well, just let me know.
Well, just what is it you're trying to say?
Well, just you wait and see.
Well, let me put it this way.
Well, let me take it back and figure it out for you.
Well, let me tell you.
Well, let us start talking straight.
Well, let's begin.
Well, let's continue from where we stopped it.
Well, let's continue!
Well, let's do that.
Well, let's eat.
Well, let's get down to business.
Well, let's get going!
Well, let's get started.
Well, let's get the ball rolling.
Well, let's get to work.
Well, let's give it a try.
Well, let's give up going.
Well, let's go find out.
Well, let's go on!
Well, let's go.
Well, let's have a look.
Well, let's have lunch.
Well, let's lay off going.
Well, let's make it some other time.
Well, let's not worry about it.
Well, let's play it by ear.
Well, let's see what happens.
Well, let's see what the tabloids say.
Well, let's see!
Well, let's see! And then, what next?
Well, let's start our work.
Well, let's stop going.
Well, let's talk turkey.
Well, let's try it.
Well, lets get down to business.
Well, lets get going!
Well, lets get the ball rolling.
Well, lets go.
Well, lets have lunch.
Well, lets make it some other time.
Well, lets start our work.
Well, lets talk turkey.
Well, listeners, let this terrible example be a lesson to you!
Well, look at that!
Well, look what we have here.
Well, look!
Well, looks like I'll be getting out of here after all.
Well, make sure to remember the most important words.
Well, make up your mind.
Well, massage can be a great way to relieve stress and pain.
Well, maybe I can help her.
Well, maybe I can help him.
Well, maybe I can help you.
Well, maybe I can help.
Well, maybe Tom wouldn't do it, but I would.
Well, maybe we can.
Well, maybe you should try it.
Well, my family's away and I can't afford to do much.
Well, my familys away and I cant afford to do much.
Well, my friend, it's called "modern-day" slavery.
Well, my friend, that's my last word. And if you don't like it you can lump it.
Well, my friend, you did it!
Well, my stepmother is neither cruel nor lovable. But she can never take the place of my mother.
Well, my work here is done.
Well, neither do you.
Well, never mind. This day's done and there's a new one coming tomorrow, with no mistakes in it yet, as you used to say yourself.
Well, no one invited me.
Well, no, I don't think so.
Well, no, as a matter of fact, I don't know how to speak French.
Well, nobody is perfect!
Well, nobody's perfect.
Well, not always.
Well, now I know I was right.
Well, now let's get down to serious business.
Well, now you know.
Well, now, who would have thought it?
Well, obviously we're not ready to get a pet yet.
Well, obviously, we have a rapist in Lincoln Park.
Well, of course it sounds bad when you put it that way.
Well, of course science doesn't know everything. But because science doesn't know everything that doesn't mean science knows nothing.
Well, of course, I did that.
Well, of course, I would never doubt my coach is right.
Well, of course, I would never doubt that my coach is right.
Well, of course, we'll be there.
Well, okay!
Well, one day I'll buy you a beer and you can tell me about the time you spent in Boston.
Well, personally, I don't really care for it.
Well, personally, I dont really care for it.
Well, please do not hesitate.
Well, possibly you're right.
Well, said the old man, tapping his knee, which rang like an empty bone, this is what your childishness exposes me to, Acharat: to be struck down by lightning, to be killed stupidly by an electrical spark which, if I had time, would force to fall on my stove to boil my pot.
Well, say it, then!
Well, see you later! I'll call.
Well, see you later.
Well, see you tomorrow.
Well, shall we call it a day?
Well, shall we devote ourselves to study today as well?
Well, shall we do that, too?
Well, shall we move?
Well, she's my wife.
Well, should we get started?
Well, slapping somebody in the face with a tortilla sounds pretty funny to me.
Well, somebody broke this plate, and it sure wasn't a ghost.
Well, someone has to be good in order to communicate.
Well, someone has to be good.
Well, someone's gonna have to do it.
Well, something can happen here without being about you.
Well, something can happen here without being your business.
Well, speak of the devil.
Well, speaking of which, this gentleman doesn't know his grandmother's zip code.
Well, stranger things have happened.
Well, such things do happen.
Well, such things happen.
Well, take it.
Well, tell Grandpa the poem you learned.
Well, tell me about it, then!
Well, tell me what you know.
Well, thank you.
Well, that changes everything.
Well, that changes things, doesn't it?
Well, that cleared everything up.
Well, that cleared it all up.
Well, that could be helpful.
Well, that could be tough.
Well, that doesn't make any sense.
Well, that exists, apparently.
Well, that explains a lot of things.
Well, that explains it.
Well, that helps a lot.
Well, that is a nice cover page.
Well, that is another hope gone. My life is a perfect graveyard of buried hopes.
Well, that is, it's not something I can boast about. In fact, it's not something I can talk about in public without shame
Well, that just about says it all.
Well, that might be a problem.
Well, that seems to cover everything.
Well, that settles it.
Well, that solves the problem.
Well, that sucks!
Well, that was a stupid thing to say.
Well, that was mad.
Well, that was quick!
Well, that was stupid.
Well, that was the fastest I've ever fucked someone else in the ass.
Well, that was uncalled for!
Well, that was weird.
Well, that went smoothly.
Well, that's a big surprise.
Well, that's a different matter.
Well, that's a difficult question.
Well, that's a fair question. But here's another question. Don't you think that you are asking too many questions at once?
Well, that's a little crazy.
Well, that's a shame.
Well, that's a surprise... to no one.
Well, that's adorable.
Well, that's all I have.
Well, that's all I know.
Well, that's all I've got.
Well, that's all for today.
Well, that's all right.
Well, that's different.
Well, that's fair.
Well, that's fine.
Well, that's going to depend on the situation.
Well, that's good news.
Well, that's how it is, unfortunately.
Well, that's how it is.
Well, that's interesting.
Well, that's it for tonight.
Well, that's it, bye! I'll call.
Well, that's just great.
Well, that's just super.
Well, that's kind of my point.
Well, that's life.
Well, that's not going to happen.
Well, that's not half as bad as we thought.
Well, that's not quite true.
Well, that's not your own opinion, I know.
Well, that's only part of it.
Well, that's pretty much it.
Well, that's pretty untranslatable, isn't it?
Well, that's rather bizarre.
Well, that's strange.
Well, that's that.
Well, that's the sad reality.
Well, that's too bad.
Well, that's understandable.
Well, that's unfortunately how it is.
Well, that's unsettling. Are you sure you closed the door when you left?
Well, that's upsetting.
Well, that's what I thought, but then suddenly I had doubts.
Well, that's what Tom said.
Well, that's what you want, isn't it?
Well, that's your loss.
Well, that's your right.
Well, thats pretty untranslatable, isnt it?
Well, the night is quite long, isn't it?
Well, the night is quite long, isnt it?
Well, the night is young, isn't it?
Well, the number of people here strikes me as not so bad.
Well, the one thing that I really disliked about Chicago was the weather.
Well, the rules of the game have changed.
Well, the shirt is very cute.
Well, the sources have to be verified.
Well, the waiter at the Blue Marine Caf seemed to think you were fighting.
Well, then put a stop to it at once.
Well, then there's no problem, don't you think?
Well, then theres no problem, dont you think?
Well, then what?
Well, then, about that chasm. I had no serious difficulty in getting out of it, for the very simple reason that I never was in it.
Well, then, if you want me to, I'll do it.
Well, then, let's talk it over.
Well, there wasn't anything to compare it to.
Well, there's no such thing as being too late to correct one's faults.
Well, there's still hope.
Well, theres no such thing as being too late to correct ones faults.
Well, they say bad news travels fast.
Well, this happens sometimes.
Well, this has been quite an interesting conversation.
Well, this is a bar, baby, not a kindergarten.
Well, this is a fine mess...
Well, this is a surprise.
Well, this is the street!
Well, time is up. Let's finish the lesson now.
Well, time is up. Lets finish the lesson now.
Well, to be frank, I don't like it at all.
Well, to be frank, I dont like it at all.
Well, to me whatever Mary said or didn't say doesn't matter.
Well, to me, he seems kind of annoying.
Well, to me, that seems like a skill issue. If you are consistently struggling and misunderstanding then it seems to me that you aren't good at that and you should probably stop.
Well, to put it in a nutshell, we're lost.
Well, we are not in a hurry.
Well, we have a lot of work to do.
Well, we have time, so do you want to drop by my room for a bit?
Well, we managed to land at the last moment.
Well, we warned you.
Well, we'll see what happens.
Well, we'll see what the tabloids write.
Well, we'll see what we can do for you.
Well, we're fucked.
Well, we're getting to the tail end of the problems caused by last year's upgrade.
Well, we're neighbours. I'll be popping over all the time.
Well, we've finished at last.
Well, well!
Well, well! I wouldn't have thought that.
Well, well, well, what have we here?
Well, well, well, who do we have here?
Well, well, well.
Well, well.
Well, well. What are you doing here?
Well, well. What are you doing in my room, Tom?
Well, were neighbours. Ill be popping over all the time.
Well, weve finished at last.
Well, what about the economic price to be paid due to uncertainty?
Well, what am I going to do?
Well, what are we going to do?
Well, what are we waiting for?
Well, what are you good at?
Well, what are you looking for?
Well, what are you singing?
Well, what are you waiting for, Tom?
Well, what are you waiting for?
Well, what awful weather there is in this awful town!
Well, what can I say?
Well, what can you say?
Well, what could it be?
Well, what did Tom say?
Well, what did you expect us to do?
Well, what did you expect?
Well, what did you find out?
Well, what did you see?
Well, what do I know?
Well, what do you know.
Well, what do you plan to do about it?
Well, what do you say to doing that?
Well, what do you think of me?
Well, what do you think we should do?
Well, what do you think?
Well, what do you want me to do?
Well, what do you want me to say?
Well, what do you want to do, Tom?
Well, what do you want to do?
Well, what do you want?
Well, what does it look like?
Well, what does that tell you?
Well, what else could you do?
Well, what happened to her?
Well, what happened?
Well, what happens now?
Well, what have I taught you about that?
Well, what is it that he does that I don't do? Just say the wordteetotal, vegetarian, aeronaut, Theosophist, SupermanI'll have a try at it, Gladys, if you will only give me an idea what would please you.
Well, what is there to say?
Well, what more do you want?
Well, what shall we do for fun today...
Well, what shall we do today!
Well, what shall we do?
Well, what should I do for you?
Well, what should I do?
Well, what should we do now?
Well, what sports do you like?
Well, what was I supposed to do?
Well, what was I supposed to say?
Well, what're you waiting for?
Well, what's happening?
Well, what's in the box?
Well, what's it called?
Well, what's next?
Well, what's the matter now?
Well, what's the matter, Tom?
Well, what's the news?
Well, what's the point?
Well, what's the problem, Tom?
Well, what's to be done?
Well, what's wrong with it?
Well, what's wrong with that?
Well, what?
Well, when exactly?
Well, when was the last time that happened?
Well, where do I begin?
Well, where do I start?
Well, where have you been keeping yourself, old man?
Well, which way do you want to take your first lesson?
Well, who is Tom's girlfriend?
Well, who's next?
Well, why don't we get started?
Well, why don't we just ask Tom?
Well, why dost thou say nothing, but stand there as if thou wast dumb?
Well, why is he intervening?
Well, why not?
Well, will Pushkin pay for the apartment then?
Well, will that happen soon?
Well, will you look at that?
Well, would you look at that!
Well, yes, but I don't want anyone to know.
Well, yes, but I dont want anyone to know.
Well, you can hardly blame Tom, can you?
Well, you can't.
Well, you cant.
Well, you certainly have a lot to offer, Tom.
Well, you could've given me a heads-up.
Well, you could've told me.
Well, you could've warned me.
Well, you don't look too bad.
Well, you don't seem very sick, all of a sudden.
Well, you got a point there.
Well, you have a man.
Well, you have only to ask for his help.
Well, you have to be honest with Tom.
Well, you have to go.
Well, you haven't done much so far.
Well, you know what they say.
Well, you may be right.
Well, you might be right.
Well, you might've given me a heads-up.
Well, you must sup with me some evening; I have tolerable muraenae in my reservoir, and I ask Pansa the aedile to meet you.
Well, you obviously have romantic feelings for Tom.
Well, you say you don't remember anything, do you?
Well, you voted for 'em.
Well, you wanted to hear my opinion.
Well, you were right.
Well, you were wrong.
Well, you'd better hurry.
Well, you'll find out that after you cross. If I give too much away right from the start it won't be so interesting.
Well, you'll manage.
Well, you'll regret it.
Well, you're definitely Tom's son.
Well, you're not staying here.
Well, you've convinced me.
Well, you've found it.
Well, you've got me there, mate.
Well, young man, what do you think of a man of my age and rank crawling up cabins that dont even belong to me, as though I were a boy shinning up a tree for apples!
Well, youll find out that after you cross. If I give too much away right from the start it wont be so interesting.
Well-cooked rice is difficult to find in warteg.
Well-intentioned plans to replace half of the office's trash cans with recycling bins inevitably became mired in red tape.
Well-made roads extend far from the city.
Well-meaning noobs can give advice capable of bringing about an armageddon with the potential of destroying the Earth multiple times over.
Well.
Well.. She said, that you wrote them back to Laura.
Well... My house isn't big enough.
Well... My house isnt big enough.
Well... actually, I'm sick.
Well... actually, Im sick.
Well... he's gone to a better place now.
Well... the teacher said that we have to go into a group of 3-5 people, so this isn't going to work.
Well?
Well? Will you come?
Wellies are sometimes necessary.
Welling up between the stones is a small spring, its water sparkling in the sunlight that has found its way through the dense foliage of the forest.
Welling up between the stones is a small spring, its water sparkling in the sunlight that has found its way through the wood's dense foliage.
Wellington is considered to be the world's windiest city.
Wellington is the capital of New Zealand.
Wellingtons are sometimes necessary.
Wells and potentially dangerous water areas should be fenced off.
Wells for which waivers are granted must be at low risk of contamination from 25 pesticides specified by the regulations.
Welp, I'm screwed.
Welp, that there is a genuine piss bottle circa 1987. Southerly's is asking $1.7 million.
Welsh is a beautiful language.
Welsh is a very difficult language for me.
Welsh is an official language in Wales and Chubut.
Welsh orthography is such that many Welsh words (such as "ffwrdd" and "gyflwynwyd") appear to speakers of other languages to consist entirely of consonants.
Welsh, Cornish and Breton are all closely related.
Welsh-born designer Lucy Jones has launched a unique fashion brand in New York City  clothes made specifically for people with disabilities.
Welsh-born designer Lucy Jones says she has been interested in fashion since she was a child, starting with when her parents gave her a sewing machine.
Wendell gave his cousin Erwin pitsi-pitsi.
Wendy rode a scooter.
Wendy was not always interested in Japanese festivals.
Wendy's is a burger place.
Wendy, I want to introduce you to my brother Sam.
Wendy, I'd like you to meet my brother Sam.
Wendy, Id like you to meet my brother Sam.
Wenjin is a Chinese woman.
Went to sleep with empty stomach.
Wentz, who probably felt naturally his pride of football fame, became quite angry at Rutter's remark that he was being outplayed.
Were Bouteflika's economic programs successful?
Were I a bird, I would be there at once.
Were I a bird, I would fly to you.
Were I a foreigner, I could not eat raw fish.
Were I a nightingale, I would act the part of a nightingale; were I a swan, the part of a swan. However, since I am a reasoning being, it is my duty to praise God, and I call on you to join in the same song.
Were I free from work, I could read these books.
Were I in your place I would do the same thing.
Were I in your position, I shouldn't know what to do.
Were I in your position, I shouldnt know what to do.
Were I in your position, I would do it at once.
Were I in your position, I would oppose that plan.
Were I in your position, I would quit.
Were I in your position, I'd choose this route.
Were I rich, I would help the poor.
Were I to ask him, then he would tell me the truth.
Were I to die, who would look after my children?
Were I to have known, I would have acted differently.
Were I to make the truth known to Tom, he would not believe it and would flee even deeper into his fantasy world.
Were I to slap you right now, you wouldn't be able to stop me.
Were I you, I would apply for the job.
Were I you, I would follow his advice.
Were I you, I would ignore it.
Were I you, I would not do such a rude thing.
Were I you, I would not do such a thing.
Were I you, I would start at once.
Were I you, I would study harder.
Were I you, I wouldn't refuse her offer.
Were I you, I wouldnt refuse her offer.
Were I young, I would go abroad.
Were I younger and richer, you'd marry me.
Were Rima and Skura right?
Were Rima and Skura wrong?
Were Tom and Mary able to do that by themselves?
Were Tom and Mary able to do that well?
Were Tom and Mary able to do that without any help?
Were Tom and Mary able to get their car fixed?
Were Tom and Mary afraid, too?
Were Tom and Mary afraid?
Were Tom and Mary alone?
Were Tom and Mary angry about that?
Were Tom and Mary angry?
Were Tom and Mary annoyed?
Were Tom and Mary asleep?
Were Tom and Mary at home last night?
Were Tom and Mary at home yesterday?
Were Tom and Mary at home?
Were Tom and Mary at school today?
Were Tom and Mary at the funeral?
Were Tom and Mary at the party?
Were Tom and Mary at work yesterday?
Were Tom and Mary both able to do that?
Were Tom and Mary both born in Australia?
Were Tom and Mary both born in Boston?
Were Tom and Mary both in Australia last week?
Were Tom and Mary both in Boston last week?
Were Tom and Mary both in class today?
Were Tom and Mary both late for class?
Were Tom and Mary busy when you went to see them?
Were Tom and Mary busy?
Were Tom and Mary carrying anything else?
Were Tom and Mary caught?
Were Tom and Mary close?
Were Tom and Mary crying?
Were Tom and Mary friends?
Were Tom and Mary funny?
Were Tom and Mary happy?
Were Tom and Mary here last night?
Were Tom and Mary here when it happened?
Were Tom and Mary here when you arrived?
Were Tom and Mary here when you got here?
Were Tom and Mary here?
Were Tom and Mary hurt?
Were Tom and Mary impressed?
Were Tom and Mary in Boston at that time?
Were Tom and Mary in Boston last week?
Were Tom and Mary in Boston yesterday?
Were Tom and Mary in Boston?
Were Tom and Mary in class?
Were Tom and Mary in history class today?
Were Tom and Mary in the library yesterday?
Were Tom and Mary injured?
Were Tom and Mary involved in what happened today?
Were Tom and Mary involved?
Were Tom and Mary lost?
Were Tom and Mary not supposed to do that?
Were Tom and Mary not supposed to tell me that?
Were Tom and Mary on your team?
Were Tom and Mary punished?
Were Tom and Mary really able to do that by themselves?
Were Tom and Mary really able to do that without any help?
Were Tom and Mary really able to do that?
Were Tom and Mary really surprised or was they just pretending to be?
Were Tom and Mary really surprised or were they just pretending to be?
Were Tom and Mary really telling the truth about how that happened?
Were Tom and Mary rescued?
Were Tom and Mary right?
Were Tom and Mary romantically involved?
Were Tom and Mary sleeping?
Were Tom and Mary speaking French or English?
Were Tom and Mary speaking French, or were they speaking English?
Were Tom and Mary speaking French?
Were Tom and Mary still there?
Were Tom and Mary supposed to be at this morning's meeting?
Were Tom and Mary supposed to do that?
Were Tom and Mary surprised to see you?
Were Tom and Mary surprised?
Were Tom and Mary talking about us?
Were Tom and Mary talking in French?
Were Tom and Mary teachers?
Were Tom and Mary telling the truth?
Were Tom and Mary the ones who did this?
Were Tom and Mary the ones who let you in?
Were Tom and Mary the ones who suggested this?
Were Tom and Mary the ones who were injured?
Were Tom and Mary there?
Were Tom and Mary together for a long time?
Were Tom and Mary together?
Were Tom and Mary upset, too?
Were Tom and Mary very busy?
Were Tom and Mary waiting for you?
Were Tom and Mary watching TV last night?
Were Tom and Mary wearing hats?
Were Tom and Mary wearing seat belts?
Were Tom and Mary with you?
Were Tom and Mary working alone?
Were Tom and Mary working yesterday?
Were Tom and Mary wrong?
Were Ziri and Rima right?
Were Ziri and Rima wrong?
Were a serious crisis to arise, the government would have to act swiftly.
Were all of these in the same bag?
Were all of your children born in Australia?
Were all of your children born in Boston?
Were all the children crying?
Were all the guests wearing costumes?
Were all the members present at the meeting?
Were all their efforts in vain?
Were all your children born in Australia?
Were all your children born in Boston?
Were any of the adults crying, too?
Were any of the children crying?
Were any of those kids Tom's classmates?
Were any of you here last night?
Were any weapons found?
Were both Tom and Mary able to do that?
Were both Tom and Mary at John's party?
Were both Tom and Mary born in Australia?
Were both Tom and Mary born in Boston?
Were both Tom and Mary in Australia last week?
Were both Tom and Mary in Boston last week?
Were both Tom and Mary in class today?
Were both Tom and Mary late for class?
Were both Tom and Mary wearing helmets?
Were both of Tom's parents killed in the accident?
Were both of them wearing helmets?
Were both of your parents born in Australia?
Were did I leave my spectacles?
Were dinosaurs warm-blooded?
Were either of you born in Boston?
Were either of your parents born in Australia?
Were he to see you, he would be surprised.
Were her children born in Germany?
Were it clear, we would go on a hike.
Were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers or newspapers without a government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter.
Were it not for air, no creatures could live.
Were it not for laziness, he might have been rich.
Were it not for music, the world would be a dull place.
Were it not for the fact that he is a billionaire, she would never marry him.
Were it not for the map, we could not have found our way.
Were it not for water, nothing could live.
Were it not for your help, I could never succeed.
Were it not for your help, I should fail.
Were my calculations accurate?
Were my eyes playing tricks on me?
Were my letters sent?
Were my mother to see youto know you, I am sure she would approve.
Were my questions difficult?
Were none of the candidates aware of the error?
Were the earth to stop revolving, what do you suppose would happen?
Were the elections rigged?
Were the instructions easy to follow?
Were the instructions easy to understand?
Were the police involved?
Were the results surprising?
Were the sun to rise in the west, she would not change her resolution.
Were the windows closed?
Were there a lot of Algerians in Germany?
Were there a lot of children at the concert?
Were there a lot of people at the party?
Were there a lot of people in the library?
Were there a lot of people in the park?
Were there a lot of people there?
Were there a lot of people?
Were there any Melody Makers left at the newsagent's?
Were there any Muslims there?
Were there any calls for me?
Were there any casualties?
Were there any customers while I was gone?
Were there any customers?
Were there any glasses on the table?
Were there any guards posted outside?
Were there any guests?
Were there any interesting topics in today's history class?
Were there any interesting topics in todays history class?
Were there any kids at your party?
Were there any letters in the letter box?
Were there any oars in that rowing boat?
Were there any old football programmes in that box?
Were there any other customers?
Were there any other options?
Were there any other people in the house?
Were there any other survivors?
Were there any other suspects?
Were there any problems?
Were there any repercussions?
Were there any stars in the sky?
Were there any survivors?
Were there any tickets left?
Were there any witnesses?
Were there any zebras in the zoo you went to last month?
Were there cats?
Were there many boys there?
Were there many dogs in the park?
Were there many guests at the dinner?
Were there many guests there?
Were there many kids at the concert?
Were there many passengers on the bus?
Were there many passengers on the train?
Were there many passengers on your plane?
Were there many people at the concert?
Were there many people at the meeting?
Were there many people at the party?
Were there many people at the picnic?
Were there many people doing that?
Were there many people in the library?
Were there many people in the lobby?
Were there many people in the park?
Were there many people in your carriage?
Were there many people on the bus?
Were there many people on the train?
Were there many people there?
Were there many people watching?
Were there many people who were dissatisfied?
Were there many women there?
Were there others with you?
Were these pictures taken in Australia?
Were these pictures taken in Germany?
Were these pictures taken inside?
Were these pictures taken outside?
Were these pictures taken recently?
Were these six months of full time studies at your current educational institution (school)?
Were these vegetables expensive?
Were they able to rescue the pilot?
Were they alone?
Were they anarchists?
Were they any good?
Were they at home?
Were they being told the truth?
Were they both nearby?
Were they both wearing a helmet?
Were they both wearing helmets?
Were they busy last week?
Were they convinced?
Were they destined to meet, or was it just happenstance?
Were they difficult decisions?
Were they discovered by everyone?
Were they good?
Were they heavily armed?
Were they here?
Were they in the library yesterday?
Were they let in on the secret?
Were they lying?
Were they really good-looking?
Were they right?
Were they serious?
Were they shopping?
Were they the ones who were riding in the back of the car?
Were they told the truth?
Were they wearing seatbelts?
Were they with you?
Were they wrong?
Were those Tom's exact words?
Were those decisions difficult?
Were those men speaking in French or in English?
Were those women in favor of votes for women?
Were warning shots fired?
Were we at home?
Were we doing something wrong too?
Were we ever really happy together?
Were we invited, too?
Were we really happy together?
Were we really there for thirty minutes?
Were we really there half an hour?
Were we really there half an hour? It seemed just a few minutes.
Were we right?
Were we supposed to be speaking French?
Were we supposed to be speaking in French?
Were we supposed to ignore Tom?
Were we supposed to ignore them?
Were we surprised? No.
Were we to do such a thing, we should be punished.
Were we to populate the corpus with unnatural sentences or inaccurate translations, this resource wouldn't be of much use, now would it?
Were we to populate the corpus with unnatural sentences or inaccurate translations, this resource wouldnt be of much use, now would it?
Were we too late to stop it?
Were we wrong?
Were you a bartender in Australia?
Were you a friend of Tom's?
Were you a funny kid?
Were you a good student when you were in high school?
Were you a good student when you were in junior high school?
Were you a good student?
Were you a good swimmer when you were in high school?
Were you a hyperactive kid?
Were you a problem child?
Were you a smoker?
Were you a soldier?
Were you a student in 2013?
Were you a tomboy?
Were you a virgin on your wedding night?
Were you able to answer all Tom's questions?
Were you able to beat Tom?
Were you able to buy everything I asked you to buy?
Were you able to buy everything you needed?
Were you able to buy everything you wanted?
Were you able to catch Tom?
Were you able to catch him?
Were you able to catch it?
Were you able to catch the ball that Tom threw you?
Were you able to catch the ball?
Were you able to catch the bus?
Were you able to catch the rabbit?
Were you able to convince Tom of these facts?
Were you able to convince Tom to do that?
Were you able to convince Tom to help us?
Were you able to convince Tom to help you wash your car?
Were you able to convince Tom to help?
Were you able to convince Tom?
Were you able to do anything for Tom?
Were you able to do everything that you had to do?
Were you able to do everything that you needed to do?
Were you able to do everything that you wanted to do?
Were you able to do everything you had to do?
Were you able to do everything you needed to do?
Were you able to do everything you wanted to do?
Were you able to do everything you wanted to get done?
Were you able to do it in time?
Were you able to do it?
Were you able to do that by yourself?
Were you able to do that by yourselves?
Were you able to do that?
Were you able to do what you were trying to do?
Were you able to easily cross the river?
Were you able to figure out how Tom did that?
Were you able to figure out why that was happening?
Were you able to find Tom a job?
Were you able to find Tom?
Were you able to find a job?
Were you able to find everything alright?
Were you able to find her?
Were you able to find him?
Were you able to find out who they are?
Were you able to find the book?
Were you able to find them?
Were you able to find what you wanted?
Were you able to find what you were looking for?
Were you able to find work in Australia?
Were you able to finish what needed to be done?
Were you able to fly that helicopter?
Were you able to get Tom to laugh?
Were you able to get a doctor's appointment?
Were you able to get any of the information we needed?
Were you able to get any sleep?
Were you able to get everything you needed?
Were you able to get everything you wanted?
Were you able to get some sleep?
Were you able to get the dishwasher to work?
Were you able to get the drain unclogged?
Were you able to get the engine started?
Were you able to get the motor started?
Were you able to get the motor to start?
Were you able to get the stain out?
Were you able to get there in time?
Were you able to get there on time?
Were you able to get what you wanted?
Were you able to go to the hospital?
Were you able to help Tom?
Were you able to help?
Were you able to keep that from happening?
Were you able to make Tom laugh?
Were you able to make a decision?
Were you able to make it to the station on time to catch the first train this morning?
Were you able to make yourself understood in French?
Were you able to negotiate a reduced price?
Were you able to open up and talk?
Were you able to pass the test?
Were you able to pay for everything?
Were you able to persuade Tom to do that?
Were you able to persuade Tom to donate money?
Were you able to persuade Tom to drive?
Were you able to persuade Tom to help you?
Were you able to persuade Tom to volunteer?
Were you able to persuade Tom?
Were you able to play mahjong last summer?
Were you able to read whole pages without understanding their significance?
Were you able to remove the stain?
Were you able to rescue anything?
Were you able to ride a bicycle when you were five years old?
Were you able to salvage anything from the ship?
Were you able to salvage anything?
Were you able to see a doctor? If so, what did she say?
Were you able to sit down?
Were you able to sleep at all?
Were you able to solve the problem?
Were you able to straighten everything out?
Were you able to surprise Tom?
Were you able to swim when you were thirteen years old?
Were you able to swim when your were six years old?
Were you able to talk Tom out of going?
Were you able to talk to Tom yesterday?
Were you able to talk to Tom?
Were you able to talk to her?
Were you able to talk to him?
Were you able to talk to them?
Were you able to track Tom down?
Were you able to visit all the museums that you wanted to visit?
Were you able to watch TV last night?
Were you able to work everything out?
Were you able to write it all down?
Were you able toget in touch with Tom?
Were you about to say something?
Were you addressing me?
Were you adopted by an Algerian family?
Were you adopted?
Were you afraid of Tom?
Were you afraid of me?
Were you afraid something might happen?
Were you afraid that something might happen?
Were you afraid the first time that you were on an airplane?
Were you afraid the first time you were on an airplane?
Were you afraid to be up there on the roof?
Were you afraid?
Were you aiming at Tom?
Were you all alone?
Were you all serious?
Were you all talking about me?
Were you alone all day?
Were you alone all week?
Were you alone at the time?
Were you alone during the blackout?
Were you alone in the car?
Were you alone on Thanksgiving?
Were you alone on the boat?
Were you alone the whole week?
Were you alone with Tom?
Were you alone with the Jacksons?
Were you alone?
Were you also born in April?
Were you also late for class yesterday?
Were you always like this?
Were you always this strange?
Were you amazed?
Were you an officer in the army?
Were you and Tom close?
Were you and Tom friends?
Were you and Tom kissing in front of the house last night?
Were you and Tom really that busy?
Were you and Tom together for a long time?
Were you and Tom together this morning?
Were you angry?
Were you any good at sport?
Were you as disappointed as I was in the results of the Arab Spring?
Were you asleep?
Were you assertive?
Were you at Tom and Mary's wedding?
Were you at Tom's house yesterday evening?
Were you at Tom's party?
Were you at Tom's yesterday?
Were you at home all morning?
Were you at home at ten o'clock?
Were you at home last night?
Were you at home when it started raining?
Were you at home yesterday?
Were you at home?
Were you at school at that time?
Were you at school the day before yesterday?
Were you at school yesterday?
Were you at that nightclub too?
Were you at the beach all summer?
Were you at the cinema last night?
Were you at the cinema yesterday?
Were you at the concert last night?
Were you at the concert?
Were you at the courthouse?
Were you at the library last night?
Were you at the library yesterday afternoon?
Were you at the party?
Were you at the school yesterday?
Were you at the theater last Saturday?
Were you at work?
Were you attacked?
Were you attentive?
Were you awake at 2:30 last night?
Were you aware Tom and Mary were having financial problems?
Were you aware Tom was having financial problems?
Were you aware of how stupid he was?
Were you aware of that?
Were you aware of this?
Were you aware that Tom and Mary are in the hospital?
Were you aware that Tom and Mary were married?
Were you aware that Tom couldn't understand French?
Were you aware that Tom is in the hospital?
Were you being serious?
Were you bit by a piranha?
Were you bit?
Were you bitten by an insect?
Were you blindfolded?
Were you born here?
Were you born in Australia?
Were you born in Boston?
Were you born in England? You don't seem to have a British accent.
Were you born in February?
Were you born in October?
Were you born in a barn or something?
Were you born in a barn?
Were you born in the 20th century or in the 21st?
Were you born in the twentieth century?
Were you born there?
Were you born under a rock?
Were you both here yesterday?
Were you both nearby?
Were you busy last Monday afternoon?
Were you busy last Monday?
Were you busy last week?
Were you busy yesterday morning?
Were you busy yesterday?
Were you busy?
Were you careful?
Were you caught off guard?
Were you chasing after the butterflies?
Were you checking me out?
Were you close to your dad?
Were you close?
Were you comfortable?
Were you compassionate?
Were you concerned about me?
Were you concerned?
Were you conscientious?
Were you cooperative?
Were you courteous?
Were you crying?
Were you deceived?
Were you disappointed with how things turned out?
Were you disappointed, as I was, in the results of the Arab Spring?
Were you disappointed?
Were you disloyal?
Were you disobedient?
Were you disrespectful?
Were you doing something else?
Were you doing that yesterday?
Were you doing the hiding or the seeking?
Were you downtown yesterday?
Were you drinking that day?
Were you drinking?
Were you driven to carry all of them?
Were you driven to eat all this?
Were you driving?
Were you drunk at the party?
Were you drunk last night?
Were you drunk when you did that?
Were you drunk when you hit Tom?
Were you drunk?
Were you encouraged by the news?
Were you even listening to me?
Were you even listening?
Were you even tempted?
Were you ever bullied in school?
Were you ever gonna tell me about Tom?
Were you ever good at sports?
Were you ever in Kairo?
Were you ever in prison?
Were you ever married to each other?
Were you ever married to one another?
Were you ever married?
Were you ever on television?
Were you ever really sick when you were a kid?
Were you excited?
Were you expecting Tom?
Were you expecting someone?
Were you expecting something different to happen?
Were you expecting something different?
Were you expecting something else?
Were you expecting something like that?
Were you expecting something like this to happen?
Were you expecting something like this?
Were you expecting to win?
Were you exposed to anything?
Were you faking it?
Were you faking?
Were you fat when you were in high school?
Were you feeling resistance?
Were you fighting with Tom?
Were you flirting with Tom?
Were you flirting with her?
Were you flirting with him?
Were you flirting with them?
Were you followed?
Were you following me?
Were you fooled again?
Were you fooled?
Were you forced to do that?
Were you friends with Tom in college?
Were you friends with Tom in high school?
Were you frightened?
Were you given an estimate?
Were you given anything to eat?
Were you given anything?
Were you going to kill that tarantula?
Were you going to meet each other today?
Were you going to meet today?
Were you going to see each other today?
Were you going to tell me about Tom or something?
Were you going to the railway station when I saw you?
Were you going to the train station when I saw you?
Were you guys close?
Were you guys serious?
Were you guys smoking?
Were you happy at that time?
Were you happy in high school?
Were you happy with how things turned out?
Were you happy with the results?
Were you happy with the way things turned out?
Were you happy?
Were you here October 20th?
Were you here all night?
Were you here alone?
Were you here in 2013?
Were you here last Monday?
Were you here last night?
Were you here last week?
Were you here on October 20th?
Were you here the day Tom got injured?
Were you here this morning?
Were you here when Tom got shot?
Were you here yesterday?
Were you home all morning?
Were you home at ten?
Were you home last night?
Were you home yesterday?
Were you home?
Were you homeschooled?
Were you hurt by what Tom said?
Were you hurt?
Were you ill?
Were you impressed by the way Tom did that?
Were you in America last month?
Were you in Australia for a long time?
Were you in Australia in October?
Were you in Australia last October?
Were you in Australia last summer?
Were you in Australia last year?
Were you in Australia with Tom last month?
Were you in Australia with Tom?
Were you in Australia, too?
Were you in Bologna?
Were you in Boston for a long time?
Were you in Boston in October?
Were you in Boston last summer?
Were you in Boston last week?
Were you in Boston last weekend?
Were you in Boston last winter?
Were you in Boston last year?
Were you in Boston on Monday?
Were you in Boston on October 20th?
Were you in Boston with Tom last week?
Were you in Boston with Tom?
Were you in Boston yesterday?
Were you in Boston, too?
Were you in Boston?
Were you in Hokkaido last year?
Were you in Kyoto?
Were you in Paris?
Were you in Rita's house?
Were you in Tom's room last night?
Were you in a fight?
Were you in an accident?
Were you in his house in Madrid last Thursday?
Were you in love with Tom?
Were you in love with her?
Were you in love with him?
Were you in love with me?
Were you in love with them?
Were you in my room?
Were you in that movie?
Were you in the army?
Were you in the military?
Were you in the moor yesterday?
Were you in the shop yesterday?
Were you in the student music group in college?
Were you indiscreet?
Were you injured?
Were you intimidated?
Were you intoxicated?
Were you invited to Tom's party?
Were you invited to her birthday party?
Were you invited to his birthday party?
Were you invited, too?
Were you invited?
Were you involved in the accident as a pedestrian, cyclist, motorcyclist or motorist?
Were you involved?
Were you irritated?
Were you jealous of Tom?
Were you jealous of her?
Were you jealous of him?
Were you jealous of me?
Were you jealous of them?
Were you jealous of us?
Were you jealous?
Were you just flirting with Tom?
Were you just pulling my leg when you said we were all going to get extra bonuses?
Were you just quoting Tom?
Were you just talking to me?
Were you kissing my girlfriend?
Were you kissing?
Were you late for class today?
Were you late for class yesterday as well?
Were you late for class yesterday, too?
Were you laughing at me?
Were you listening carefully?
Were you listening to Tom's story?
Were you listening to me?
Were you listening to the radio yesterday?
Were you listening, Tom?
Were you listening?
Were you living here in 2013?
Were you looking at her legs?
Were you looking at her?
Were you looking at him?
Were you looking for Tom?
Were you looking for her?
Were you looking for him?
Were you looking for me?
Were you looking for something?
Were you looking for them?
Were you looking for these glasses?
Were you looking for us?
Were you lot celebrating last night?
Were you married a long time?
Were you married at that time?
Were you married to Tom?
Were you married to her?
Were you married to him?
Were you mean to her?
Were you miserable?
Were you naughty?
Were you nervous during the job interview?
Were you nervous?
Were you nominated?
Were you not disappointed?
Were you not surprised?
Were you not wearing any clothes in the car?
Were you obedient?
Were you offended?
Were you offered anything to drink?
Were you often absent from school when you were in high school?
Were you on a circus?
Were you on a tight schedule?
Were you on duty when it happened?
Were you on the basketball team in high school?
Were you on the basketball team when you were in high school?
Were you on the train?
Were you on time for work today?
Were you one of them?
Were you one of those blessed people that always knew what they wanted to study?
Were you optimistic?
Were you organized?
Were you out last night?
Were you outdoors today?
Were you overweight?
Were you paid?
Were you paying attention?
Were you peeking?
Were you peeping through the keyhole?
Were you planning something special?
Were you planning to do something special for Tom's birthday?
Were you planning to do this by yourself?
Were you planning to go alone?
Were you playing footsie with each other at dinner?
Were you playing tennis yesterday morning?
Were you popular in high school?
Were you praised by the teacher?
Were you prepared?
Were you present at said meeting?
Were you present at the crime scene?
Were you present at the meeting?
Were you previously in India?
Were you promoted?
Were you protecting Tom?
Were you pulling my leg?
Were you reading a book at that time?
Were you ready?
Were you really able to do that?
Were you really able to get Tom to do your homework for you?
Were you really angry?
Were you really boring?
Were you really home schooled?
Were you really in Australia?
Were you really in Boston?
Were you really kidnapped?
Were you really playing chess at 11:30 last night?
Were you really scared?
Were you really surprised by that?
Were you really surprised by what Tom did?
Were you really surprised?
Were you really that frustrated?
Were you really that worried about me?
Were you really with Tom last Monday?
Were you responsible?
Were you right?
Were you rushed?
Were you sacked?
Were you sad when Tom died?
Were you sailing?
Were you satisfied?
Were you scalded?
Were you scared?
Were you scolded by your teacher?
Were you scolded?
Were you screaming?
Were you seen by anyone else?
Were you seen by anyone?
Were you seen?
Were you selected?
Were you serious about that?
Were you serious before?
Were you serious?
Were you shocked?
Were you shopping?
Were you shot at?
Were you shot?
Were you shouting at my wife?
Were you sick?
Were you sincere?
Were you sleeping?
Were you sleepy this morning?
Were you smoking?
Were you snooping around my house?
Were you sober at that time?
Were you speaking French?
Were you speaking German?
Were you speaking about your hobbies?
Were you speeding?
Were you spying on me?
Were you spying on us?
Were you stalking us?
Were you staring at my legs?
Were you stung by a bee?
Were you stunned?
Were you successful?
Were you sure?
Were you surprised by that?
Were you surprised by this?
Were you surprised that Lauren sued you?
Were you surprised to see Tom?
Were you surprised to see her?
Were you surprised to see him?
Were you surprised to see me?
Were you surprised to see that happen?
Were you surprised to see them?
Were you surprised to see us?
Were you surprised when you saw Tom there?
Were you surprised when you saw Tom?
Were you surprised?
Were you suspected?
Were you sympathetic?
Were you tactful?
Were you talking about me?
Were you talking in your native language just now?
Were you talking to Tom?
Were you talking to a ghost?
Were you talking to me?
Were you talking to somebody?
Were you talking to someone else?
Were you talking to someone?
Were you talking to us?
Were you talking to yourself?
Were you taught that at school?
Were you telling the truth?
Were you tempted?
Were you terrified?
Were you tested for COVID-19?
Were you the bass player?
Were you the giving or the receiving partner in your anal sex?
Were you the last to leave the office?
Were you the one I saw with Tom in front of the post office this morning?
Were you the one that talked Tom into this?
Were you the one to find it?
Were you the one who advised Tom to go to the police?
Were you the one who asked Tom to help Mary?
Were you the one who asked Tom to help me?
Were you the one who asked Tom to leave?
Were you the one who ate my sandwich?
Were you the one who ate the last piece of pie?
Were you the one who bought all this stuff?
Were you the one who bought this?
Were you the one who broke this window?
Were you the one who brought this here?
Were you the one who called the cops?
Were you the one who called the police?
Were you the one who chose this?
Were you the one who cleaned the kitchen?
Were you the one who closed the door?
Were you the one who did that?
Were you the one who did this?
Were you the one who drew this picture?
Were you the one who found it?
Were you the one who gave her my address?
Were you the one who gave her my phone number?
Were you the one who gave him my address?
Were you the one who gave him my phone number?
Were you the one who helped Tom do that?
Were you the one who helped Tom escape?
Were you the one who helped Tom?
Were you the one who let the dog in?
Were you the one who made the coffee this morning?
Were you the one who made the sandwiches?
Were you the one who made these sandwiches?
Were you the one who opened the door?
Were you the one who ordered the pizza?
Were you the one who organized the meeting?
Were you the one who painted the fence?
Were you the one who painted these?
Were you the one who painted this bicycle?
Were you the one who painted this picture?
Were you the one who performed the surgery?
Were you the one who picked the location?
Were you the one who picked this color scheme?
Were you the one who planned this whole thing?
Were you the one who planted this tree?
Were you the one who poisoned Tom?
Were you the one who punched Tom?
Were you the one who put this bucket here?
Were you the one who put this together?
Were you the one who rang the doorbell?
Were you the one who rung the bell?
Were you the one who sent me these flowers?
Were you the one who shut the door?
Were you the one who suggested that to Tom?
Were you the one who talked Tom into doing that?
Were you the one who talked Tom into doing this?
Were you the one who talked Tom into helping us?
Were you the one who talked Tom into this?
Were you the one who told Mary that she could probably do that?
Were you the one who told Mary that she shouldn't go?
Were you the one who told Tom about what happened?
Were you the one who told Tom and Mary that they could probably do that?
Were you the one who told Tom and Mary that they shouldn't go?
Were you the one who told Tom not to do that?
Were you the one who told Tom that he could probably do that?
Were you the one who told Tom that he could probably win?
Were you the one who told Tom that he shouldn't go?
Were you the one who told Tom to do that?
Were you the one who told Tom we'd be there?
Were you the one who told Tom what happened?
Were you the one who told Tom what to do?
Were you the one who took my flashlight?
Were you the one who washed all these dishes?
Were you the one who washed the dishes?
Were you the one who wrapped this?
Were you the one who wrote this poem?
Were you the one who wrote this?
Were you the ones who closed the door?
Were you the ones who shut the door?
Were you there all day?
Were you there alone?
Were you there before?
Were you there often?
Were you there to see the finish?
Were you there too?
Were you there when Mary told Tom she was going to Boston?
Were you there when Tom and Mary told John they were going to Boston?
Were you there when Tom and Mary were arrested?
Were you there when Tom talked?
Were you there when Tom told Mary he was going to Australia?
Were you there when Tom told Mary he was going to Boston?
Were you there when Tom was arrested?
Were you there when dinosaurs were still around?
Were you there when fire was invented?
Were you there when it happened?
Were you there when the accident happened?
Were you there when the fire started?
Were you there with Tom?
Were you there, too?
Were you there?
Were you thin?
Were you thinking about me?
Were you threatened?
Were you three alone?
Were you tired last night?
Were you tired yesterday afternoon?
Were you tired?
Were you to know the fact you would be surprised.
Were you to take it back?
Were you told to do so?
Were you told to do this?
Were you translating with the help of a dictionary?
Were you treated for an infection after your surgery?
Were you tricked?
Were you truthful?
Were you trying to escape?
Were you trying to play footsy with me?
Were you trying to steal the bracelet?
Were you trying to trick me?
Were you two close?
Were you two friends in high school?
Were you two speaking French?
Were you unhappy?
Were you unlucky?
Were you up all night?
Were you up late working last night?
Were you vaccinated against tetanus?
Were you vaping?
Were you very close to Tom?
Were you very scared?
Were you waiting for me?
Were you waiting just for me?
Were you watching TV last night at 9:00?
Were you watching TV last night at nine o'clock?
Were you watching my streams?
Were you watching?
Were you wearing a blue suit or a gray suit?
Were you wearing a helmet?
Were you wearing a name tag?
Were you wearing a scarf?
Were you wearing a seat belt?
Were you wearing a white Kabyle dress the other day?
Were you wearing clothes?
Were you well?
Were you with Mary when she slipped and fell on the ice?
Were you with Tom and Mary when they slipped and fell on the ice?
Were you with Tom last night?
Were you with Tom that evening?
Were you with Tom that night?
Were you with Tom the whole time?
Were you with Tom when he broke his leg?
Were you with Tom when he died?
Were you with Tom when he slipped and fell on the ice?
Were you with Tom yesterday afternoon?
Were you with Tom?
Were you with anyone?
Were you with her last night?
Were you with her that evening?
Were you with her that night?
Were you with him last night?
Were you with him that evening?
Were you with him that night?
Were you with my father today?
Were you with them that evening?
Were you with them that night?
Were you working for Tom back then?
Were you working here in 2013?
Were you working last night?
Were you working last year?
Were you working there?
Were you working yesterday?
Were you worried about me?
Were you worried?
Were you younger than Ellen?
Were you... raped?
Were your eyelids stuck together when you woke up this morning?
Were your grandparents Canadians?
Were your grandparents Russian?
Were your mother and father home?
Weren't Tom and I supposed to do that by ourselves?
Weren't Tom and Mary here earlier today?
Weren't Tom and Mary here with you?
Weren't Tom and Mary in Boston last week?
Weren't Tom and Mary in Boston with you?
Weren't Tom and Mary just in Boston last week?
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to be here?
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to do that before 2:30?
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to do that by themselves?
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to do that on Monday?
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to do that yesterday?
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to get home before 2:30?
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to go with you yesterday?
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to stay in Boston until Monday?
Weren't Tom and Mary with you?
Weren't any of the candidates aware of the mistake?
Weren't there any other suspects?
Weren't there many people at the party?
Weren't they satisfied?
Weren't they speaking Chinese?
Weren't we all Europeans?
Weren't we at home?
Weren't you a little hard on Tom?
Weren't you about to leave?
Weren't you afraid?
Weren't you amused?
Weren't you angry?
Weren't you at home last night?
Weren't you at home yesterday?
Weren't you at home?
Weren't you away?
Weren't you confused by that?
Weren't you crying?
Weren't you eating?
Weren't you expecting me?
Weren't you freaked out?
Weren't you frightened of that dog?
Weren't you going to do that today?
Weren't you going to do that yesterday?
Weren't you going to eat?
Weren't you going to show me something?
Weren't you going to the movies?
Weren't you here yesterday?
Weren't you in Australia last year?
Weren't you in Boston last year?
Weren't you just a bit surprised by what happened?
Weren't you leaving?
Weren't you listening, Tom?
Weren't you listening?
Weren't you planning on going home early today?
Weren't you relaxed?
Weren't you scared?
Weren't you supposed to do that before 2:30?
Weren't you supposed to do that by yourself?
Weren't you supposed to do that by yourselves?
Weren't you supposed to do that last Monday?
Weren't you supposed to do that with Tom?
Weren't you supposed to do that yesterday?
Weren't you supposed to do this last Monday?
Weren't you supposed to get home before 2:30?
Weren't you supposed to get to work on writing the software documentation?
Weren't you supposed to go shopping with Tom?
Weren't you supposed to go to Australia with Tom?
Weren't you supposed to go to Boston with Tom?
Weren't you supposed to stay in Boston?
Weren't you surprised by Tom's answer?
Weren't you surprised?
Weren't you the one who did that?
Weren't you the one who recommended that we hire Tom?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't have to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't need to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she had to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she has to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needed to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she should do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Mary she wouldn't be allowed to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom about what happened?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they didn't have to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they didn't need to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they had to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they have to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they need to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they needed to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they ought to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they should do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they wouldn't be allowed to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he didn't have to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he didn't need to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he had to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he has to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he needed to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he needs to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he ought to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he should do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he shouldn't do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he wouldn't be allowed to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom not to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom to do that?
Weren't you the one who wrote this?
Weren't you the ones who wrote this?
Weren't you tired?
Weren't you together?
Werent they a long time in the town?
Werent they satisfied?
Werent you frightened of that dog?
Werewolves appear on the full moon.
Werewolves are better than vampires.
Werewolves come out when the moon is full.
Werner Herzog makes outstanding documentaries and feature films.
Wernicke's area plays a key role in language comprehension.
Wes dug through the unclaimed baggage, looking for something to pawn.
Wesley was the handsome brown boy of my white ex-neighbour Bruce and his Filipino wife Nerria, on Lulu Island. Wesley did not look nerdy, but was the technical type, following his father. Bruce was very technical, as he fixed cars and other machines and we talked about radiation shielding for space travel. Nerria babbled about Roman Catholicism, which was her love of life.
West Bank Palestinians have been living for decades without basic civil rights.
West Berlin would remain free of Soviet control.
West Frisian, Saterland Frisian and North Frisian are Frisian languages.
West Island is the capital of the Cocos Islands.
West Nile virus spreads to humans through mosquito bites.
West Nile virus was first discovered in the West Nile area of Uganda in 1937.
West Point cadets pose before a commemoration ceremony for Armistice Day, 100 years after the end of the First World War at the Arc de Triomphe in Paris, France, Nov. 11, 2018.
West Virginians and people all across the country can proudly watch the American Strongman when he again competes in the World's Strongest Man Contest, being held this October in Zimbabwe.
West and East are cardinal directions, not civilizations.
West has previously been an outspoken supporter of Trump, even meeting with him in the Oval Office at the White House.
West is in trouble not because he is a gay man, but because he is a man who was apparently willing to use the power of his public office to solicit sexual favors.
Westbound traffic won't be affected by the construction.
Westerly winds are prevailing winds that blow from the west toward the east.
Western Europe is too divided to challenge Russia militarily.
Western Islamophobes hate Muslims who speak good English and can defend Islam.
Western New York isn't much different from the rest of the Rust Belt.
Western Sahara and Algeria share history.
Western Sahara and Morocco agreed to a peace plan that Morocco violated in 2020.
Western Sahara and Morocco need to sign a final agreement for a self-determination referendum of Africa's last colony.
Western Sahara does not belong to Morocco.
Western Sahara doesn't belong to Morocco and has the right to self-determination.
Western Sahara doesn't receive much international attention.
Western Sahara gets support from Algeria.
Western Sahara has a huge deposit of pure phosphate that's easy to extract.
Western Sahara has a long coastline on the Atlantic Ocean.
Western Sahara has a representative in the United Nations.
Western Sahara has been under Moroccan occupation since 1975, and supporting its independence is a way to address the ongoing human rights violations and injustices faced by its people.
Western Sahara has clear borders and isn't part of Morocco.
Western Sahara has crude oil deposits.
Western Sahara has enormous resources.
Western Sahara has enormous riches.
Western Sahara has every right to defend itself.
Western Sahara has huge mineral resources.
Western Sahara has its own flag and anthem.
Western Sahara has phosphate.
Western Sahara has resources.
Western Sahara has rich phosphate deposits.
Western Sahara has the right to self-determination.
Western Sahara is Africa's last colony.
Western Sahara is Sahrawi land.
Western Sahara is a country in its own right.
Western Sahara is a desert territory illegally occupied by Morocco.
Western Sahara is a member of the African Union.
Western Sahara is a neighboring country.
Western Sahara is a neighboring territory.
Western Sahara is a region of Morocco, the majority of its inhabitants attest to this.
Western Sahara is a territory located in the western part of North Africa.
Western Sahara is a territory seeking independence.
Western Sahara is almost exclusively made up of deserts.
Western Sahara is an African nation.
Western Sahara is an African territory seeking independence.
Western Sahara is backed by Algeria.
Western Sahara is being pillaged by Morocco.
Western Sahara is defending its national sovereignty.
Western Sahara is fighting Moroccan occupation.
Western Sahara is fighting an independence conflict.
Western Sahara is fighting to achieve independence.
Western Sahara is fighting to achieve total independence from Morocco.
Western Sahara is fighting to assert its independence against Morocco.
Western Sahara is fighting to take back the control of all of its national territory.
Western Sahara is illegally occupied by Morocco.
Western Sahara is located in North Africa.
Western Sahara is non-self-governing territory pending decolonization.
Western Sahara is not Moroccan.
Western Sahara is occupied by Morocco.
Western Sahara is part of the African Union.
Western Sahara is partly occupied by Morocco.
Western Sahara is recognized by the United Nations' Special Committee on Decolonization.
Western Sahara is rich in natural resources, and its independence would allow its people to have control over their own resources and use them for their own development.
Western Sahara is rich in phosphate.
Western Sahara is rich in resources.
Western Sahara is seeking independence.
Western Sahara is so important.
Western Sahara is still illegally occupied by Morocco.
Western Sahara is still under Moroccan occupation.
Western Sahara is supported by Algeria and many other countries.
Western Sahara is surrounded by its south and east by Mauritania.
Western Sahara is the last colony in Africa.
Western Sahara isn't Moroccan.
Western Sahara isn't a part of Morocco.
Western Sahara isn't part of Morocco and has the right to claim its independence.
Western Sahara isn't part of Morocco and has the right to self-determination.
Western Sahara isn't part of Morocco and it is illegally occupied by Rabat.
Western Sahara isn't part of Morocco.
Western Sahara isn't trying to break away from Morocco. Western Sahara isn't part of Morocco in the first place.
Western Sahara joined the African Union as a voting member.
Western Sahara lies in northwestern Africa.
Western Sahara meets the criteria to sovereign state status.
Western Sahara never was historically Moroccan.
Western Sahara remains an undecolonized territory.
Western Sahara remains illegally occupied by Morocco.
Western Sahara should be independent.
Western Sahara should become a sovereign independent state.
Western Sahara should join the Arab League.
Western Sahara should participate in the next Olympics.
Western Sahara should take part in the next Olympic Games.
Western Sahara wants independence from Morocco, not autonomy.
Western Sahara wants independence.
Western Sahara wants total independence from Morocco.
Western Sahara was a Spanish colonial holding.
Western Sahara was a Spanish colony.
Western Sahara was a former Spanish colony.
Western Sahara was an overseas territory of Spain.
Western Sahara was colonized by Spain between 1884 and 1975.
Western Sahara was colonized by Spain in 1884.
Western Sahara will achieve independence.
Western Sahara's conflict remains unresolved.
Western Sahara's freedom is my freedom.
Western Sahara's independence should be supported because it is a matter of upholding the principles of self-determination and decolonization.
Western Sahara's phosphate is being pillaged by Morocco.
Western Sahara's recognition doesn't violate in any way Morocco's territorial integrity.
Western Sahara's resources are being plundered by Morocco.
Western Sahara, too, deserves to be part of the Olympic movement.
Western Yiddish is extinct, but part of it survives in the form of loanwords in Dutch, German, and other languages.
Western attitudes towards "authenticity" often reproduce stereotypes.
Western civilization doesn't exist.
Western civilization has expanded.
Western civilization is a recent historical construct.
Western civilization isn't real.
Western clothes are easier to work in than Japanese clothes.
Western colonial powers wanted to slice China up for their own profits.
Western countries are jumping on Japan for its stance on the issue.
Western countries frequently prioritize their national interests over collective global goals, disregarding the principles of cooperation and collaboration necessary for a multipolar world to thrive.
Western countries should offer asylum to trans people from the UK.
Western countries' exploitation of natural resources in developing regions perpetuates a dependency relationship and undermines the potential for a multipolar distribution of wealth.
Western dominance in international financial institutions creates barriers for emerging economies, preventing them from fully participating in a multipolar world.
Western domination of the world is not eternal.
Western hegemony is waning.
Western intelligence agencies actively work to destabilize governments in non-Western countries, undermining their sovereignty and hindering progress towards a multipolar world.
Western journalists often condescend to guests from perceived less developed countries.
Western journalists often engage in condescending behavior.
Western journalists should challenge their own preconceptions.
Western journalists sometimes exhibit condescending behavior towards non-Western guests.
Western journalists sometimes underestimate guests from other countries.
Western leaders condemned the action.
Western media and entertainment industries often project their values, fashion trends, and cultural references as the epitome of global appeal, further amplifying the notion of Western centrality.
Western media and popular culture often depict Western lifestyles and ideals as the epitome of success and desirability.
Western media are feeding Russophobia.
Western media isn't reporting on what is going on in Palestine.
Western media tends to portray non-Western countries in a negative light, perpetuating a biased narrative that hampers the progress towards a multipolar world.
Western men do not encourage their women about science and technology. But times are changing, as young women become attuned to these domains.
Western military alliances and security agreements often exclude non-Western nations, perpetuating a unipolar security framework and obstructing the progress towards a multipolar world.
Western military interventions in sovereign states undermine the principle of national sovereignty and impede the establishment of a multipolar global system.
Western nations consistently oppose and challenge the rise of regional alliances that could contribute to a multipolar world order.
Western nations frequently engage in covert operations and espionage activities against rising powers, aiming to sabotage their progress towards a multipolar world.
Western nations have little regard to other nations. Just their interests.
Western nations have to put their heads together to strengthen the dollar.
Western nations often use their influence to prevent the recognition and acceptance of alternative models of governance, obstructing the path towards a multipolar world.
Western standard of living in Hungary - but when?
Western thought is consistent.
Western values are "far superior" to all other values.
Westerners are embracing Islam by the thousands.
Westerners are resenting China's rise.
Westerners are superior to everyone else because they live by their Western values.
Westerners believe in human rights. That explains why the destroy countries to the ground.
Westerners destroy foreign lands to the ground to spread freedom and democracy.
Westerners don't have the right to exclusively own universal values.
Westerners opine that there are magic and mystique in sinograms.
Westerners sweat more than Asians.
Westerners typically don't eat raw fish.
Westerners view themselves as a superior race.
Westerners, in general, prefer to avoid such topics unless the other person brings them up.
Westminster Abbey is one of the most famous tourist sites in Britains capital, London.
Westminster is alive with speculation today, as the government decides on a new leader to take them forward into the general election.
Westward of Arran as I sailed away; / I saw the fairest sight eye can behold-- / Rocks which, illumined by the morning's ray, / Seemed like a glorious city built of gold.
Wet a handkerchief and put it between your head and hat.
Wet and stormy areas will get wetter and stormier.
Wet blankets are not always unpleasant after you get to know them.
Wet clothes adhere to the skin.
Wet clothes cling to the body.
Wet clothes clung to her body.
Wet clothes stick to your skin.
Wet clothing clings to the skin.
Wet dogs smell awful.
Wet dogs smell great.
Wet dogs smell worse than dry ones.
Wet firewood doesn't burn well.
Wet logs make for treacherous footing.
Wet napkins can tear easily.
Wet snow is better for building a snowman.
Wet snow was falling from the sky.
Wet the surface of the tire, and note the bubbles that form under the film of water, and the puncture is found.
Wet wood produces more smoke than warmth.
Wether it is possible or not, I think I should ask him about his opinion
Wetland habitats serve essential functions in an ecosystem, including acting as water filters, providing flood and erosion control, and furnishing food and homes for fish and wildlife.
Wetlands also absorb excess nutrients, sediments, and other pollutants before they reach rivers, lakes, and other waterbodies.
Wetlands are a valuable resource for human communities, providing recreation opportunities such as fishing and hunting.
Wetlands are also great spots for fishing, canoeing, hiking and bird-watching.
Wetlands are an essential ecosystem that supports a diverse range of plants and animals.
Wetlands are an important carbon sink, helping to mitigate the effects of climate change.
Wetlands are home to a vast array of plant species, including cattails, reeds, and water lilies.
Wetlands are important ecosystems that help to purify water and prevent flooding.
Wetlands are important habitats for many species of fish, including catfish, bass, and trout.
Wetlands are often called the "kidneys of the earth" because they filter and purify water.
Wetlands are often teeming with life, including otters, muskrats, and beavers.
Wetlands are often threatened by pollution, which can harm the plants and animals that rely on them.
Wetlands can also help to regulate water flow and reduce the impacts of droughts.
Wetlands can have freshwater, salt water, or a mixture of both.
Wetlands help to mitigate the effects of flooding by absorbing excess water.
Wetlands play important roles in the ecosystem in purifying water, protecting against flood and erosion, and as both a source of food and habitat for wild animals.
Wetlands provide important habitat for many species of insects, including mosquitoes and dragonflies.
Wetness will not be intimidated by rain.
Wed be better doing it now. That way well have the weekend free.
Wed better brainstorm about it together and get a better idea.
Wed better call the doctor.
Wed better call the police.
Wed better finish up this project before the eleventh hour.
Wed better get a move on or well be late.
Wed better get a move on.
Wed better go back a little.
Wed better go home now.
Wed better hurry then.
Wed better leave her alone.
Wed better leave him alone.
Wed better make a reservation beforehand.
Wed better make some time.
Wed better not change the schedule.
Wed better roll now.
Wed better send for help.
Wed better take up this issue immediately.
Wed better try to sell or give away all these white elephants weve collected.
Wed get there faster if we took a taxi.
Wed like a bottle of ros.
Wed like a deposit for one night.
Wed like a deposit of $50.
Wed like a table in the non-smoking section.
Wed like another bottle of wine.
Wed like him to win the game.
Wed like separate checks, please.
Wed like separate checks.
Wed like the meat.
Wed like to climb that mountain.
Wed like to confirm our reservations.
Wed like to exchange this jacket. It doesnt fit.
Wed like to give this to you as a token of our appreciation.
Wed like to have some wine.
Wed like to order 18 tonnes of olive oil.
Wed like to rent a people carrier.
Wed like to split it. Could you bring it to us on two plates?
Wed like you to finish the job by the end of this week by all means.
Wed like you to sing a song.
Wed like you to sing some songs.
Wed probably be best off beating them to the punch before they notice that fact.
Wed still never been to a Chinese persons wedding.
Well allow a 5 percent discount off list prices.
Well also have to create a separate smoking section, wont we?
Well always be friends.
Well arrive there within an hour.
Well attempt to start the class soon.
Well be across the border by tomorrow.
Well be at home until about 3, which means that well have probably left by the time you come home from school.
Well be doing the sights of London about this time tomorrow.
Well be filming at Nujas school.
Well be finished!
Well be home at about 11:00.
Well be home by sunset barring accidents.
Well be in touch.
Well be late for class.
Well be leaving tomorrow.
Well be on the road for a total of five days.
Well be seeing the sights of Paris about this time tomorrow.
Well be there tomorrow.
Well begin work soon.
Well borrow some money on the house.
Well bring you more information on these attacks as we have it.
Well buy one car for each.
Well call Dr. Shiegal for you.
Well call you when your table is ready.
Well carry it to the barn.
Well change trains at the next station.
Well check on it right now.
Well climb the mountain if it is fine tomorrow.
Well come and visit you.
Well contact you by phone as soon as we arrive.
Well continue after the film.
Well cross that bridge when we come to it.
Well cross the river in a boat.
Well decide by voting.
Well dismiss class early today.
Well do away with all these silly rules as soon as we can.
Well do it when we have time.
Well do our best, thank you.
Well eat lunch after we get home.
Well eat on the way.
Well employ a new tool to increase productivity.
Well eventually find a solution to this problem, I think.
Well face that problem when we come to it.
Well find a solution without your involvement.
Well find more engineers to recover the schedule.
Well finish it if it takes us all day.
Well finish the work even if it takes us all day.
Well fly there in 50 minutes.
Well get along without that much money somehow.
Well get it this time.
Well get on the airplane in an hour.
Well get them to talk no matter what it takes.
Well get this as clear as possible.
Well get through this.
Well get to school soon; we are as good as there now.
Well give an interview in the afternoon.
Well give you as many bonus miles as the normal air miles!
Well give you your revenge.
Well give your pharmacy a call.
Well go along with your suggestion.
Well go for a drive next Sunday.
Well go on a picnic next Sunday.
Well go on a picnic tomorrow if the weather allows.
Well go on a picnic tomorrow if the weathers good.
Well go out when this shower is over.
Well go to Hong Kong first, and then well go to Singapore.
Well go to the lake to have lunch.
Well go wash ourselves in the river tomorrow.
Well go when it quits raining.
Well go when it stops raining.
Well go when the rain stops.
Well have a barbecue at the beach.
Well have a better chance of surviving if we stay calm.
Well have a farewell party for Nancy tomorrow.
Well have a good crop if this good weather keeps up.
Well have been busy preparing for the trip.
Well have little snow this winter.
Well have lived here for two years next April.
Well have our firms attorneys look through the provisional agreement.
Well have to be careful not to play into his hands.
Well have to camp out if we cant find a place to stay.
Well have to celebrate the winter solstice.
Well have to do a bit of walking to get from here to the bank.
Well have to double our budget for next year.
Well have to go about it with care.
Well have to make do with the old one for a while.
Well have to make room for your mother when she moves into our house with us.
Well have to organize the drinking party all over again as the section chief cant make it now.
Well have to roll up our sleeves if we want to finish this work on time!
Well have to sit at the back of the train.
Well have to talk this matter over in the near future.
Well have to try and make the best of it.
Well have to wait a few minutes.
Well help you, okay?
Well hide in Egypt.
Well land at Narita Airport at 7:00 a.m.
Well leave Tokyo for Osaka next week.
Well leave as soon as you are ready.
Well leave at eight oclock.
Well leave the house tomorrow morning.
Well let you know the result within a week.
Well likely go to the ball game tomorrow.
Well look into the case at once.
Well make history.
Well make the summit of the hill by noon.
Well manage to go on without you.
Well meet at 3:00 p.m.
Well meet at the station at nine oclock.
Well meet next time at ten oclock, June the first, next year.
Well meet on Sunday.
Well meet some time soon.
Well most likely go, but well decide once we see what the weather is like.
Well need a head hunting agency to find the right man for this executive position.
Well need an extra ten dollars.
Well need to amend the contract so that we can pay you more.
Well never forget your kindness.
Well never live this fiasco down.
Well never reach London before dark.
Well never use a computer again.
Well note it in the following way.
Well paint it.
Well pay you on demand any day after July 10th.
Well play it by ear.
Well put these plans on ice.
Well read this book until the end of the year.
Well release the final agenda on the morning of Monday, January 20, so please reply quickly.
Well resume the meeting after tea.
Well run into her at the party.
Well see each other later!
Well show you the way.
Well sing that song, omitting the last two verses.
Well soon be able to send you to jail.
Well soon be happy, wont we?
Well soon be leaving.
Well soon know the truth.
Well start as soon as it stops raining.
Well start whenever you are ready.
Well start with page 30.
Well start with the riding crop.
Well stop at the New Osaka Hotel and pick up Mr Takakura.
Well survive without your presence.
Well take a two-week holiday.
Well take care of reconfirmation of your reservation.
Well take your feelings into account.
Well talk about this in detail later.
Well think about it in due time.
Well use energy sources such as the sun and wind.
Well visit a factory which produces television sets.
Well visit you one of these days.
Well visit you tomorrow.
Well watch each other and help each other out.
Well welcome you at any time.
Well what?
Were a bit busy at the moment. Can you hang on a minute?
Were a finitely budgeted health care system.
Were a little early.
Were a married couple.
Were a mixed group and I never knew who was a Serb, a Croat or a Muslim.
Were a nation that believes freedom can never be taken for granted and that each of us has a responsibility to sustain it.
Were able dancers.
Were about to explore some uncharted territory.
Were about to go to Gallup.
Were all at sea about where to take our company from here.
Were all booked up at 6:00.
Were all far right, now.
Were all friends!
Were all going to share it. Could you bring us some extra plates?
Were all happy.
Were all huge nerds.
Were all human beings, so in my opinion each countrys culture is 90% the same.
Were all linked in friendship.
Were all the same according to law.
Were all waiting because theres no news about the test results yet.
Were almost like brothers.
Were almost there.
Were already high up in the sky.
Were also exploring technologies that reduce the potential for covert data collection.
Were also out of eggs.
Were always going there! Lets go to a French restaurant for a change.
Were always somebody elses idiot.
Were as good as ruined.
Were at law school.
Were banking on you to provide all the money we need.
Were beginning to understand better.
Were better off not running traffic lights.
Were booked for the whole month on Broadway.
Were building an open source, multi-language dataset of voices that anyone can use to train speech-enabled applications.
Were choosing among those ideas.
Were chosen by the people of Westhamptonshire County to be members of the council.
Were classmates.
Were close friends.
Were closed tomorrow.
Were coming home from school early.
Were coming up short on the head count!
Were confident of our victory.
Were confident that you are up to the challenge of the new position.
Were converging, you and I.
Were counting on you to be the life of the party. Itll bomb if you dont come.
Were counting on you to wake us up in time, so dont fall asleep.
Were crowdsourcing an open-source dataset of voices.
Were deeply sorry for the inappropriate remark earlier.
Were distancing ourselves from the rest of the family.
Were doing the same old routine: going bar hopping and then to karaoke.
Were eating apples.
Were eating up a lot of time writing letters by hand.
Were elected.
Were empowering the next generation of women by investing in adolescent girls and advancing the Let Girls Learn initiative to get 62 million girls into schools.
Were even.
Were expecting a good harvest this year.
Were fed up with your complaining.
Were filled for tonight.
Were filled to the rafters.
Were finally going to be able to answer questions about the corona and solar wind raised by Gene Parker in 1958  using a spacecraft that bears his name  and I cant wait to find out what discoveries we make. The science will be remarkable.
Were finding it difficult deciding on which one to buy.
Were fixing computers.
Were forced to look for another way out of this situation.
Were forcing it down their throats.
Were friends from way back.
Were getting a new car next month.
Were getting fewer and fewer students.
Were getting nowhere with these problems.
Were getting nowhere with those problems.
Were getting out of here in a moment.
Were getting out of here. The cops are coming.
Were giving a party tonight.
Were giving you more money because you did a great job.
Were going dancing tonight.
Were going home.
Were going on vacation in the United States.
Were going out for a meal on Friday.
Were going out for lunch. Why dont you come along?
Were going to begin the descent for Honolulu.
Were going to begin with lesson ten.
Were going to buy underwear. Youre still not wearing underpants, are you?
Were going to come again.
Were going to discuss the problem tomorrow.
Were going to eat a lot tonight so I hope youre not on a diet.
Were going to find ourselves in difficulty if we carry on like this.
Were going to govern as we see fit.
Were going to have a test today.
Were going to have to remove your wisdom teeth. Right now.
Were going to invite Tom and Mary to our Halloween party.
Were going to leave tomorrow morning.
Were going to lunch at 1 oclock. In other words, in 10 minutes.
Were going to paint the wall.
Were going to play baseball tomorrow.
Were going to pull it.
Were going to see a foreign film tonight.
Were going to set off at four.
Were going to the movies.
Were going to the movies. Are you game?
Were going to the party in eighteenth century costumes.
Were going to the theater.
Were going together to the movie.
Were going up into the mountains, so why dont you come with us?
Were goin home.
Were gonna get through, cause we understand.
Were gonna grab a drink!
Were gonna make sure that no one is taking advantage of the American people for their own short-term gain.
Were good.
Were grateful for your help although its just a a drop in the ocean of our needs.
Were having a barbecue.
Were having a barbie.
Were having a party next Saturday.
Were having a party this evening.
Were having a rat infestation in their mansion.
Were having a sukiyaki party this Sunday.
Were having a three-day weekend this week.
Were having an examination in geometry tomorrow.
Were having five guests tonight.
Were having second thoughts about going to Hawaii for our honeymoon.
Were having some friends over.
Were having some guests over this evening.
Were heading for disaster.
Were here for bank robbery.
Were here looking at the New York soundscape.
Were here to help them.
Were hoping youll support us.
Were hot.
Were in a hurry.
Were in a slump, barely scraping by, so we certainly dont have the margin to take on a part-time worker.
Were in no danger now.
Were in store for a recession.
Were in the coffee shop area of the store, with mellow French music playing.
Were in the hospital.
Were in the process of remodelling our kitchen.
Were in the process of writing the report now.
Were in the same boat.
Were in the second week of an unrelenting heat wave.
Were in the well.
Were interested in observing the customs of different regions.
Were joined by the red string of fate!
Were just about finished for the day.
Were just about finished here.
Were just about finished with this job.
Were just like brothers.
Were just passing by.
Were learning Chinese.
Were leaving here soon.
Were leaving the day after tomorrow.
Were likely to continue reading this book up to the end of the year.
Were living off this food in the restaurant refrigerator right now.
Were living off this food in the restaurant refrigerator right now. Were taking it home to our families.
Were longing for the summer vacation.
Were looking at sending checks to Americans immediately. And I mean now, in the next two weeks.
Were looking for an apartment with two bedrooms.
Were looking forward to seeing you again.
Were lovers so we hold hands at least, right?
Were lucky that Earth has just the right amount of gravity  enough so we dont go flying away, but not so much that we cant stand up and run around.
Were married to each other.
Were married.
Were meeting on Sunday.
Were meeting up tomorrow?
Were moving house next month.
Were moving out of this apartment next month.
Were neighbors.
Were neighbours.
Were not a bit too soon.
Were not a couple, but I spend pretty much all my time with him.
Were not afraid of any difficulties.
Were not axing Grandma out of the nursing home.
Were not cold.
Were not dancing?
Were not done yet!
Were not getting anywhere.
Were not in the jungle.
Were not so young that we dont understand what love is.
Were not supposed to indulge pets.
Were not sure we can come tonight.
Were not the least bit afraid of being subpar.
Were not trying in any way to minimize or sugarcoat the many hurdles that remain.
Were of an age.
Were often just sort of winging itwere trying stuff out and seeing how it goes, and that trial-and-error process means that there are errors happening.
Were old friends.
Were on our way home.
Were on strike because the company hasnt improved our wages.
Were one baton short for the relay.
Were open tomorrow.
Were operating at a loss right now.
Were out of beer.
Were out of luck.
Were out of stock now.
Were out of stock.
Were out of sugar.
Were paid by the job.
Were part owners of this restaurant.
Were planning on doing the sights of the city tomorrow morning.
Were playing baseball after work today.
Were popular kids at school.
Were practically family.
Were quite drunk.
Were quite insignificant, but awesome nevertheless.
Were ready to leave.
Were really behind schedule. We need to get on the ball.
Were releasing all the sentences we collect under the Creative Commons Attribution license.
Were running out of gas.
Were running short of fuel for the winter.
Were running short of oil. Wed better ask the store to bring us more.
Were saving up to build a new house.
Were seeing temperatures which are more typical of the Middle East or North Africa.
Were selling her a ticket of ours.
Were selling her one of our tickets.
Were sharing your work.
Were short of something.
Were so proud of you!
Were sorry we werent able to help you.
Were sorry, but the requested page could not be found.
Were sorry. The number you have dialed is currently unavailable.
Were starting to question what we thought we knew.
Were staying like this.
Were still far away. Ill never make it.
Were students.
Were studying Chinese.
Were studying French and web design.
Were studying chemistry. Our lessons arent difficult.
Were suffering from an unbearable heat wave for the second week straight.
Were sunk.
Were taking a crash course in first aid before our two-week trek through the mountains.
Were talking about a contagious disease.
Were teaching Berber at a nearby school.
Were teaching Berber next school year.
Were the same age.
Were thoroughly prepared for the millennium bug.
Were through!
Were too busy to attend to such detail.
Were torn between going to a hot spring and going skiing.
Were trying to avoid the bill collectors.
Were trying to make sure that the work is shared out equally.
Were very attracted to life in the countryside.
Were very busy just now.
Were very grateful for your hospitality.
Were very happy about our deal.
Were waiting for you as soon as possible.
Were waiting until he gets back.
Were waiting until he returns.
Were what they colloquially call a single mother family. I havent seen my fathers face.
Were wildly looking for evidence of our own existence.
Were wildly looking for the evidence to our own existence.
Were willing to help you.
Were working more but were also earning less. Most of the money we make is spent on taxes and rent.
Were working to fix this bug.
Were worried about Grandma and Grandpa.
Were worried about Grandpa and Grandma.
Were worried about your health.
Weve all become communists.
Weve all heard of outdated laws that remain on the books from earlier times, many of which are good for a few laughs.
Weve all heard that a million monkeys banging on a million typewriters will eventually reproduce the entire works of Shakespeare. Now, thanks to the Internet, we know this is not true.
Weve already done our work.
Weve already had a family commitment.
Weve arrived pretty quickly, havent we?
Weve arrived.
Weve bagged many awards for excellence.
Weve become a mockery to the whole village.
Weve been close friends for many years.
Weve been driving in circles for an hour.
Weve been fed so many lies over the years.
Weve been fine, by and large.
Weve been friends ever since.
Weve been having good weather.
Weve been having strange weather the past few years.
Weve been here for a couple of minutes.
Weve been here long enough.
Weve been horsing around too much; its high time we got down to brass tacks.
Weve been living here since July.
Weve been married for five years.
Weve been matched up with some strong teams this year.
Weve been mates for years.
Weve been moping around too much. Its time to pull ourselves together and keep trying.
Weve been out of touch with each other for a long time.
Weve been talking about you.
Weve been through a rough patch, but I hope it will have made us stronger.
Weve been waiting for hours for you to show up!
Weve been waiting for hours for you to show up.
Weve been waiting for hours.
Weve come nearer to the sea. I can smell it.
Weve come this far, so we cant stop now. I dont want to backslide.
Weve come to the conclusion that this is a true story.
Weve created life in our own image.
Weve decided to remain silent.
Weve destroyed the enemy flagship!
Weve driven enough for one day.
Weve eaten pizza and chicken at noon.
Weve emailed you instructions for setting your password, if an account exists with the email you entered.
Weve ended up a spanner short of a toolbox.
Weve finished cleaning our classroom.
Weve finished cleaning the classroom.
Weve finished the work, so we may as well go home.
Weve fixed on starting next Sunday.
Weve flattered the directors vanity.
Weve flown for about three hours.
Weve found him to be the right man for the job.
Weve got a little time before the train leaves.
Weve got a lot more than just biceps in our arms, Per.
Weve got a new plant in the industrial park.
Weve got a problem.
Weve got him by the balls.
Weve got plenty of time.
Weve got several more of the same kind of articles.
Weve got six children, you know.
Weve got some new business coming in and I want to discuss it with you. Do you mind getting involved?
Weve got to break out tonight or Ill go crazy!
Weve got to catch the lion alive.
Weve got to fight fire with fire!
Weve got to fill this hole with something.
Weve got to get up early tomorrow. Were going on a picnic.
Weve got to hurry. Mr Itoh will call the roll.
Weve got to move very carefully.
Weve got to retool our system so that modern families and modern businesses can thrive. And let me be clear, this is not about big government, or expanding some fictional welfare-and-food-stamp state, the 47 percent mooching off the government. It is accounting for the realities of how people live now, today -- the necessities of a 21st century economy.
Weve got to shake him up.
Weve got to stick to the point.
Weve got two Billy shelves from IKEA.
Weve got two cats - one is white, and the others black.
Weve got two more expert witnesses.
Weve gotten into this fixed pattern.
Weve had a long spell of fine weather.
Weve had a lot of complaints about how you treat your classmates.
Weve had a lot of rain this month.
Weve had a lot of rain this year.
Weve had a lot of storms this winter.
Weve had a poor crop due to lack of water.
Weve had a very hard winter.
Weve had all kinds of weather over the past few days.
Weve had enough of this bad weather.
Weve had four retirements this year.
Weve had no rain for ages; in fact, not since the beginning of April.
Weve had no word from Brian yet.
Weve had several meetings.
Weve had snow for the past month.
Weve implemented a comprehensive strategy to end gender-based violence around the world, from prevention, to treating survivors, to bringing perpetrators to justice. And were helping to remove barriers that prevent women from participating fully in their societies.
Weve just arrived at the school.
Weve just cleaned the toilets.
Weve just finished breakfast.
Weve just received intelligence that the enemy is waiting in ambush two miles down the road.
Weve just run out of salt and pepper.
Weve just spent two weeks apart.
Weve learned a lot about the science, the biomechanics of T-Rexes by studying Sue.
Weve lost 3 to 0.
Weve made a final decision.
Weve made a lot of improvements today.
Weve made a lot of progress today.
Weve missed the boat.
Weve nearly finished preparations. How about taking a nap?
Weve only corresponded and never met in person.
Weve only got one chance.
Weve only just met and were gonna go look at a flat?
Weve only picked off ripe fruit.
Weve played a lot of matches this season.
Weve really got to step on it.
Weve really hit it off.
Weve received a lot of applications in answer to our advertisements.
Weve run enough for one day.
Weve run out of paper for the photocopier.
Weve run out of tea.
Weve run out of water.
Weve run short of money.
Weve run short of oil.
Weve said it until were blue in the face.
Weve searched everywhere. Theres nowhere else to look.
Weve searched high and low for this book.
Weve seen from the Ebola crisis, for example, the HIV epidemic in sub-Saharan Africa, that when children are orphaned, they become much more vulnerable to sex trafficking, to child labor and other forms of exploitation.
Weve sent the invitations yesterday.
Weve set the meeting tentatively for Monday. Its subject to change.
Weve taken a hit. Trivial damage.
Weve talked over this matter in detail for half an hour already. Lets finish it off.
Weve tried every conceivable method, but absolutely nothing works.
Wha- Dad! What is this?! You said nobody was here.
Wha? Study, reflexes, all the parameters are MAX! You've even saved money up to the limit ... Amazing.
Wha? Study, reflexes, all the parameters are MAX! Youve even saved money up to the limit ... Amazing.
Whaat? No, of course not.
Whale Stranding Indonesia, a nongovernmental organization, says in 2020 more than 70 marine mammals were found stranded, including dugongs, which are medium-sized marine mammals that are related to manatees.
Whale sharks are not dangerous.
Whale sharks aren't dangerous.
Whale sharks eat plankton.
Whales and dolphins are cetaceans.
Whales are classified as mammals.
Whales are mammals, not fish.
Whales are mammals, which means they feed their young milk.
Whales are mammals.
Whales are not fish.
Whales are not fish. They are mammals.
Whales are said to have lived on land long ago.
Whales are similar to fish in shape.
Whales are similar to fishes in shape.
Whales are very large mammals that live in the ocean.
Whales are very large mammals that live in the sea.
Whales belong to mammals.
Whales can remain submerged for a long time.
Whales can withstand dramatic pressure changes because their bodies are more flexible. Their ribs are bound by loose, bendable cartilage, which allows the rib cage to collapse at pressures that would easily snap our bones.
Whales come under mammals.
Whales don't have gills.
Whales feed on plankton and small fish.
Whales feed on small fish.
Whales flap their tails up and down and sharks from side to side.
Whales must be an endangered species.
Whales should be a protected species.
Whales were thought to be fish.
Whales, dolphins and porpoises are divided into two groups: toothed and baleen.
What Algeria is doing is fantastic.
What Algerian city are we in?
What Algiers really needs is a new city dump.
What Alice, waiting for a reply, was faced with was a sudden howl. It was a resounding noise, sharp as to burst her ear drums, loud as to reach unto the heavens.
What Berber words do I need to learn first?
What Bersani says seems reasonable to me.
What Boldi said shocked Martha.
What Boris remembers is true.
What Buddhist school do they belong to?
What CPU are you using?
What Chinese food do you like best?
What Chinese food do you like?
What Chinese restaurant do you go to?
What Dmitri is going to witness will be biblical.
What Donald did next shocked Jessica.
What English words do you know?
What Fadil told the police was intriguing.
What Flavio told Isabella gave her the chills.
What French cities have you been to besides Paris?
What French words do you know?
What German words do you know?
What God has cleansed, you must not call unclean.
What God think of you?
What God wills comes to pass.
What God wills happens.
What Gunter learnt about Amelia shook him to his very core.
What Gustavo was doing was vile.
What I always miss on my travels is good wholemeal bread. Whether it's baguettes, toast or ciabatta, white bread never fills me up properly.
What I am about to say may shock you, but it is true.
What I am commanding you to do?
What I am most interested in is translating English sentences.
What I am supposed to help them with?
What I am talking about right now is the deep love and respect I have for my husband.
What I am today is due to my parents.
What I ate yesterday was good.
What I bought is her belt.
What I bought is his belt.
What I bought yesterday was these shoes.
What I can do to help?
What I can do?
What I can say about the movie is that its effects are very great and awesome.
What I can't bear is the sound of chalk squeaking on a chalkboard.
What I can't create, I don't understand.
What I can't make out is why you have changed your mind.
What I cant bear is the sound of chalk squeaking on a chalkboard.
What I cant make out is why you have changed your mind.
What I choose to do with my life isn't any of your business.
What I did gave them hope.
What I did obviously didn't help.
What I did was not just.
What I did was wrong.
What I did wasn't dishonest.
What I do and what I do it with is my business.
What I do in my free time is none of your business.
What I do in my personal life is none of your business.
What I do is my problem.
What I do not know, I also do not think I know.
What I do today is important because I give a day of my life for it.
What I do with my money is my business.
What I don't get is why you chose me when you're constantly cheating on me.
What I don't know I don't envy.
What I don't know is why.
What I don't like about his films is that they're not grounded in reality.
What I don't like is that he knows too much.
What I don't like, I say it.
What I don't not understand is why a Kabyle can not speak to another Kabyle person in the Kabyle language?
What I don't take, another will - the world has always been that way.
What I don't understand is why Tom did that.
What I don't understand is why Tom didn't do that.
What I don't understand is why Tom didn't stick around and help us.
What I don't understand is why he didn't stick around and help us.
What I don't understand is why the children aren't being allowed to play outside on such a nice day.
What I don't understand is why.
What I don't want to lose is love.
What I dont know I dont envy.
What I dont like about his films is that theyre not grounded in reality.
What I dont understand is why Tom didnt stick around and help us.
What I dont understand is why the children arent being allowed to play outside on such a nice day.
What I dread most is to get into a rut.
What I drink the most is coffee.
What I enjoy doing the most is directing all my focus and all my efforts into achieving all my life's wildest dreams.
What I expected from him.
What I expected from them?
What I feel cannot be described with words.
What I feel like having now is a lemon slushie.
What I feel, just thinking about it, is terror.
What I felt for him was more than love.
What I gave him is only junk.
What I had been looking for was right before my eyes.
What I hate about winter is the cold.
What I hate is looking for work.
What I hate most about fascists is their chauvinism, their brazen hatred of persecuted minority groups, and their sense of entitlement to rule over others.
What I hate most about living in Istanbul is always getting stuck in traffic.
What I hate most of all is having to recite texts from memory.
What I have in my hand is a dictionary.
What I have in my hand is a fossil seashell.
What I have learned didn't please me at all.
What I have learnt is not just the Chinese language, but something about the country itself as well.
What I have to say concerns everyone here.
What I have to tell you is going to make you scream.
What I have to tell you is very important.
What I have, I've given you.
What I hear is very sad.
What I heard still confuses me to this day.
What I heard that day, I still remember.
What I just told you should be kept secret.
What I know about morals, I owe to soccer.
What I know of Norwegian I have learned on my own.
What I know of Norwegian I have taught myself.
What I like about Mary is her strong character.
What I like about gardening is that I can help to make my family's house look beautiful.
What I like about movies and books is that I know they'll end. Plus, I can stop whenever I like.
What I like about online school is that there's no dress code.
What I like and what I don't is not important.
What I like best is going on Ferris wheels.
What I like hearing is her way of speaking.
What I like in this book most is its wonderful quotes, especially in the first part.
What I like is her way of talking.
What I like to eat the most are strawberries with whipped cream.
What I looked up to in Shota was not his 'strength'. It was his heroic courage to put his life on the line to carry out his convictions.
What I looked up to in Shota was not his strength. It was his heroic courage to put his life on the line to carry out his convictions.
What I love most about your character is that one can discuss any topic with you.
What I loved in Islam was its simplicity.
What I mean is that I love you.
What I mean is that there are limits that need to be established and respected.
What I mean is this.
What I meant to say was that I didn't want to do that.
What I meant to say was that you shouldn't do that.
What I meant was, Im so sorry you have nothing else better to do with your life.
What I miss the most is my mom.
What I most noticed about my Japanese high school, however, was the great respect shown by students toward their teachers.
What I need is a beer.
What I need is a bodyguard.
What I need is a drink.
What I need is a friend.
What I need is a good strong cup of coffee.
What I need is a little more money.
What I need is a little more time.
What I need is a loan.
What I need is a shovel.
What I need is a strong cup of coffee.
What I need is about three more hours.
What I need is another cup of coffee.
What I need is fresh air.
What I need is leverage.
What I need is more money.
What I need is more time.
What I need is not money, but your advice.
What I need is someone to work with me.
What I need is something to eat.
What I need is to have a friend.
What I need is your help.
What I need isn't money, but your advice.
What I need now is a drink of water.
What I need now is a long hot bath.
What I need now is some rest.
What I need to do now is get some sleep.
What I need worst is a haircut.
What I object to is that you treat me like an inferior.
What I often write is not really what you want. I know.
What I particularly like about this building is its unusual shape.
What I predicted would happen, happened.
What I realized is that Sami always did the same things as Tom did.
What I really need is your help.
What I really needed was to spend a bit of time with my best mates Tom and Mary, who I've known for ages.
What I really want is for Tom to teach me how to play a few chords on my guitar.
What I really want is something hot to eat.
What I really want to do is act.
What I really want to do is go to Australia to visit Tom.
What I really want to do is go to Boston to visit Tom.
What I really want to do is sleep.
What I really want to do is to ask Mary for a divorce.
What I really want to do is to get some sleep.
What I really want to do is to go swimming.
What I really want to hear about is Tom's new girlfriend.
What I really wanted was to spend my life envisioning something transcendent.
What I regret is that he died alone.
What I regret now is, rather, that I wasted time.
What I remember most about that movie is the last scene.
What I said hurt his pride.
What I said to Tom was true.
What I said to you was true, but I shouldn't have said it.
What I said to you was true.
What I said was just a guess.
What I said yesterday still stands.
What I saw left me speechless.
What I saw looked good.
What I saw shocked me.
What I saw surprised me.
What I saw was depressing.
What I saw was not a creature. It was, in fact, a human being.
What I saw was shocking.
What I say doesn't necessarily reflect my personal opinion.
What I say is true.
What I soon realized was that we wouldn't be able to do that without Tom's help.
What I soon realized was we wouldn't be able to do that without Tom's help.
What I think doesn't matter.
What I think is really exciting about this is that, after two centuries of observing this fuzzy little blob of light among the stars, Earth now has a robotic emissary in orbit at Vesta.
What I think is that the baker did it.
What I think isn't important.
What I told Tom is the truth.
What I told Tom was true.
What I told her was true.
What I told him was true.
What I told them was true.
What I told you about him also applies to his brother.
What I told you about him also holds good for his brother.
What I told you about him also holds true for his brother.
What I told you is true.
What I told you was true.
What I told you yesterday wasn't true.
What I want are facts.
What I want for Christmas is for my family to be here with me.
What I want from Mr Hayashi is the effort required for his actions to live up to his words.
What I want him to do now is to paint the fence.
What I want is a big juicy steak.
What I want is a chance.
What I want is a divorce.
What I want is a gin and tonic.
What I want is a hamburger.
What I want is a little peace and quiet.
What I want is a new bicycle like the one Tom has.
What I want is a new computer.
What I want is a nice cup of tea.
What I want is a quiet place where I can study.
What I want is a word processor.
What I want is enough money to buy something for my mother.
What I want is for Tom to admit that he did that.
What I want is for Tom to be safe.
What I want is for Tom to leave me alone.
What I want is for Tom to say he's sorry.
What I want is for everybody to leave.
What I want is for everyone to act like adults and stop this bickering.
What I want is for everyone to be quiet.
What I want is for everyone to follow the rules.
What I want is for someone to understand me.
What I want is for things to get back to normal.
What I want is for things to get back to the way they used to be.
What I want is for you to answer my questions.
What I want is for you to be happy.
What I want is for you to find Tom.
What I want is for you to get along with my brother.
What I want is for you to go to Boston with me.
What I want is for you to help me escape.
What I want is for you to help us get Tom to do that.
What I want is for you to leave.
What I want is for you to listen to what I have to say.
What I want is for you to pretend that this didn't happen.
What I want is for you to properly apologize to Tom.
What I want is for you to shut up.
What I want is for you to stay with me until Tom gets here.
What I want is for you to take me seriously.
What I want is for you to tell me how to do that.
What I want is for you to trust me.
What I want is love.
What I want is none of your concern.
What I want is some peace and quiet.
What I want is the truth.
What I want is to go home.
What I want is to know what happened and why.
What I want is to move on.
What I want isn't tea, but coffee.
What I want more than anything else is peace.
What I want now is a cup of coffee.
What I want now is a glass of cold water.
What I want now is a hot cup of coffee.
What I want now is an ice-cold beer.
What I want now is for everyone to be quiet.
What I want now is hot coffee.
What I want now is ice cream.
What I want now is not money, but time.
What I want now is some peace and quiet.
What I want now is something to eat.
What I want now isn't money, but time.
What I want right now is a hot cup of coffee, with you!
What I want right now is a hot cup of coffee.
What I want to ask is how roundabout should I be?
What I want to buy is a trumpet.
What I want to eat now is a sandwich.
What I want to know are the facts.
What I want to know is how Tom got here.
What I want to know is how did you do that.
What I want to know is how to do this.
What I want to know is the facts.
What I want to know is why.
What I want to say is this.
What I want to tell you is the truth and nothing but.
What I want, I will get.
What I want, more than anything else, is for you to be happy.
What I wanted to drink was white wine, not red wine.
What I wanted to say concerns this particular issue.
What I wanted was water.
What I wanted wasn't on the shelves.
What I was going to suggest was that Tom go to the supermarket and buy some ice cream.
What I was hearing was so fantastic!
What I was looking for was right before my eyes.
What I was trying to say was that I could help Tom, but I don't want to.
What I will do after dinner is to chat on the internet.
What I will do is to remain quiet.
What I wist I told to you.
What I would like to visit in South America is Montevideo in Uruguay and maybe outlying towns.
What I wouldn't give right now, great gods, to not be married!
What I write and the language I write it in is my business.
What I write is my business.
What I write is not English.
What I wrote is not English.
What I wrote isn't English.
What I'd like to drink is a cup of coffee.
What I'd like to eat now is an apple.
What I'd really like is a hot cup of coffee.
What I'd really like is something cold to drink.
What I'll do depends on what Tom and Mary do.
What I'll do depends on what Tom does.
What I'll do is ask Tom to do that.
What I'll do is clean the room.
What I'll do is: I'll clean the room.
What I'm about to say is strictly between you and me.
What I'm about to say will answer your question.
What I'm about to tell you is strictly off the record.
What I'm about to tell you is very important.
What I'm about to tell you really happened.
What I'm about to tell you will be our secret.
What I'm about to write is heresy.
What I'm asking of you is to understand we mustn't be angry with the cure, but with the disease.
What I'm craving right now is just some fresh figs with a bit of olive oil.
What I'm going to do doesn't concern you.
What I'm going to do is none of your business.
What I'm going to do is study French.
What I'm holding in my hand is a book.
What I'm holding in my hands is a fossilized shell.
What I'm interested in the most is astronomy.
What I'm lacking in most right now is probably my concentration.
What I'm looking for looks something like this.
What I'm really in the mood for right now is a nice cold horchata.
What I'm really interested in is astronomy.
What I'm saying doesn't necessarily reflect my personal opinion.
What I'm saying is not bullshit.
What I'm saying is quite true.
What I'm saying is true.
What I'm supposed to be looking for?
What I'm telling you is true.
What I'm trying to say to you is that I love you.
What I've done is unforgivable.
What ISP do you use?
What Id really like is something cold to drink.
What Ill do is clean the room.
What Im about to say is strictly between you and me.
What Im getting at is that Zamenhof not only built a linguistic object, but that behind that was an idea  an idea of brotherhood, a pacifist idea. That strength of an ideal  for which Esperantists were even persecuted under Nazism and Stalinism  is still conserved by the community of Esperantists. One cannot say that it has failed, but one thing needs to be said: the reason why any language is successful is always indefinable.
What Im saying is quite true.
What Im saying is true.
What Ive done!
What Jack told me about you is a pack of lies. I don't believe him.
What Jack told me about you is a pack of lies. I dont believe him.
What Jane said made the atmosphere less tense.
What Jansky had observed was the 14.6m wavelength radio wave from the Milky Way's core.
What Jansky had observed was the 14.6m wavelength radio wave from the Milky Ways core.
What John has for breakfast is something only his closest confidants know.
What Jonas found in there was shocking.
What Kabyle city do you like?
What Khalid really loved was the sizzle of bacon in the skillet.
What Layla is wearing is too tight and too revealing.
What Layla wanted was to make Fadil suffer for the rest of his life.
What Layla wanted was to make her husband pay.
What Layla was good with was her sexuality.
What Leon experienced in that house was completely paranormal.
What Leonid saw in that forest was a nightmare.
What Lev doesn't know is that, nowadays, many of the things he chews on and even the air he breathes at home might contain high levels of toxic chemicals with adverse effects on his health.
What Marcus does best is delegate.
What Marie said was nothing but lies.
What Mary ate gave her an upset stomach.
What Mary did did not please me.
What Mary did shocked Tom.
What Mary had cooked tasted better than it looked.
What Mary really needs now is a little time by herself.
What Mary said irked Tom.
What Mary saw made her nervous.
What Mary saw made her unhappy.
What Mary saw was changed her life.
What Matthew says is kind of creepy.
What Michael said took us by surprise.
What Microsoft is launching is a beta version of its "NetShow streaming server"; it supplies video and audio on demand.
What Miroslav found there was rather terrifying.
What OS and browser do you use?
What Orwell feared were those who would ban books. What Huxley feared was that there would be no reason to ban a book, for there would be no one who wanted to read one.
What Perry  or the West  did not realize was that shoguns had more power than emperors in Japan at the time.
What Pietro saw was horrifying.
What Psalm is that?
What Rima is wearing isn't too revealing.
What Robert told Martha next shocked her entire world.
What Rodrigo told the police exactly matched Melissa's story.
What Russian words do you know?
What Sami has got to say might shock you.
What Sami really needs now is our love.
What Sami said was disrespectful.
What Sami saw was shocking.
What Santiago found in the box wasnt Rimas.
What Spanish food is there apart from paella?
What TV games do you all have?
What TV programmes do you watch with your family?
What Tobias was doing was extremely unsettling.
What Tom achieved is really unique.
What Tom and I are doing is dangerous.
What Tom and I are doing is perfectly legal.
What Tom and I are doing now is very dangerous.
What Tom and I are going to do is study French.
What Tom and I did that day was unforgivable.
What Tom and I did that day was wrong.
What Tom and I saw surprised us.
What Tom and Mary are doing is annoying.
What Tom and Mary are going to do is unclear.
What Tom and Mary had was special.
What Tom and Mary have suggested is perhaps the easiest solution.
What Tom and Mary have suggested probably won't work.
What Tom and Mary have told you is true.
What Tom and Mary need is guidance?
What Tom and Mary plan to do is unclear.
What Tom and Mary really want to do is go home.
What Tom and Mary saw made them nervous.
What Tom and Mary saw made them unhappy.
What Tom and Mary think doesn't matter all that much to me.
What Tom and Mary think doesn't matter now.
What Tom and Mary want to do isn't a good idea.
What Tom and Mary were doing looked like fun.
What Tom and Mary were eating weren't apples. They were pears.
What Tom and Mary were saying was true.
What Tom asked for was a piece of paper.
What Tom ate almost killed him.
What Tom ate for dinner didn't cost much.
What Tom ate for dinner didnt cost much.
What Tom ate gave him an upset stomach.
What Tom ate made him sick.
What Tom ate was delicious.
What Tom bought there was this umbrella.
What Tom bought was very expensive.
What Tom brought is useless.
What Tom did absolutely blew me away.
What Tom did can't be changed.
What Tom did cannot be changed.
What Tom did complicated things.
What Tom did didn't go unnoticed.
What Tom did didn't seem to bother Mary at all.
What Tom did didn't seem to bother Mary.
What Tom did didn't surprise Mary.
What Tom did didn't surprise me.
What Tom did drove me mad.
What Tom did for that company is incredible.
What Tom did for us helped us a lot.
What Tom did got him into hot water.
What Tom did helped a lot.
What Tom did helped quite a bit.
What Tom did hurt his career.
What Tom did infuriated Mary.
What Tom did irritated Mary.
What Tom did is illegal.
What Tom did is impossible to ignore.
What Tom did is only a minor offence.
What Tom did is pure evil.
What Tom did is really disgusting.
What Tom did is wrong.
What Tom did isn't a crime.
What Tom did isn't wrong.
What Tom did made Mary angry.
What Tom did made Mary cry.
What Tom did made Mary even angrier.
What Tom did made Mary happy.
What Tom did made Mary mad.
What Tom did made everyone laugh.
What Tom did made me angry.
What Tom did made me very angry.
What Tom did never made sense to me.
What Tom did saved us a lot of money.
What Tom did seemed strange to me.
What Tom did shocked everybody.
What Tom did shocked everyone.
What Tom did surprised Mary.
What Tom did surprised me.
What Tom did to Mary was bullying, and it should have been stopped a long time ago.
What Tom did to Mary wasn't very nice.
What Tom did to you wasn't very nice.
What Tom did today helped us a lot.
What Tom did today was really helpful.
What Tom did today was really thoughtful.
What Tom did took courage.
What Tom did took guts.
What Tom did upset Mary.
What Tom did was a mistake.
What Tom did was an act of courage.
What Tom did was appreciated.
What Tom did was awful.
What Tom did was bad, but what Mary did was even worse.
What Tom did was bad. However, what Mary did was much worse.
What Tom did was crazy.
What Tom did was dangerous.
What Tom did was disgraceful.
What Tom did was disgusting, and I was disgusted by that.
What Tom did was disgusting.
What Tom did was dishonest.
What Tom did was extremely dangerous.
What Tom did was foolish.
What Tom did was hilarious.
What Tom did was horrible.
What Tom did was illegal.
What Tom did was inappropriate.
What Tom did was incredible.
What Tom did was incredibly stupid.
What Tom did was irresponsible.
What Tom did was predictable.
What Tom did was pretty brave.
What Tom did was pretty impressive, wasn't it?
What Tom did was pretty impressive.
What Tom did was pretty remarkable.
What Tom did was pretty stupid.
What Tom did was really disgusting.
What Tom did was reckless and stupid.
What Tom did was strange.
What Tom did was stupid.
What Tom did was unbelievably idiotic.
What Tom did was unexpected.
What Tom did was unforgivable.
What Tom did was upsetting.
What Tom did was very dangerous.
What Tom did was very risky.
What Tom did was very stupid.
What Tom did was very wrong.
What Tom did was wicked.
What Tom did was wrong.
What Tom did wasn't all that creative.
What Tom did wasn't appreciated.
What Tom did wasn't appropriate.
What Tom did wasn't effective.
What Tom did wasn't illegal.
What Tom did wasn't legal.
What Tom did wasn't unexpected.
What Tom did wasn't what we asked him to do.
What Tom did wasn't wrong.
What Tom did will be hard to rectify.
What Tom did yesterday gave us something to talk about.
What Tom did yesterday was disgraceful.
What Tom does at work is driving me crazy.
What Tom does in his free time is none of my business.
What Tom does is complicated.
What Tom does is his own business.
What Tom does is important.
What Tom does makes me angry.
What Tom does with his money is his business.
What Tom doesn't know about cars isn't worth knowing.
What Tom found in the box surprised him.
What Tom found surprised him.
What Tom found was shocking.
What Tom gave me wasn't enough.
What Tom gave you was bad advice.
What Tom has asked me to do won't be possible.
What Tom has asked us to do is impossible.
What Tom has been able to accomplish is amazing.
What Tom has suggested is perhaps the easiest solution.
What Tom has suggested probably won't work.
What Tom has told you is true.
What Tom heard stunned him.
What Tom hopes to do will likely not be possible.
What Tom is doing has no logic.
What Tom is doing is a disservice to the community.
What Tom is doing is against the law.
What Tom is doing is annoying.
What Tom is doing is illegal.
What Tom is doing is important.
What Tom is doing is likely to make Mary angry.
What Tom is doing is really insane.
What Tom is doing is very unnerving.
What Tom is doing is wrong.
What Tom is doing isn't legal.
What Tom is doing now isn't necessary.
What Tom is doing now isn't really difficult.
What Tom is doing now isn't really necessary.
What Tom is doing right now is a spiritual rampage.
What Tom is going to do I can't say.
What Tom is going to do is unclear.
What Tom is planning on doing is dangerous.
What Tom is planning to do is dangerous.
What Tom is planning to do will make Mary angry.
What Tom is saying doesn't make sense.
What Tom is saying is all empty talk.
What Tom is saying is certainly reasonable.
What Tom is saying is not completely incorrect. What Mary is saying makes a lot more sense though.
What Tom is saying isn't true.
What Tom is saying just isn't true.
What Tom is trying to do is obvious.
What Tom is wearing is inappropriate.
What Tom is wearing isn't appropriate.
What Tom lacks is courage.
What Tom learned surprised him.
What Tom liked most about Mary was her smile.
What Tom likes most is whiskey on the rocks.
What Tom likes the most is whiskey with ice.
What Tom made for lunch wasn't edible.
What Tom needs is a close friend.
What Tom needs is brandy.
What Tom needs is guidance.
What Tom needs is more practice.
What Tom needs is practice.
What Tom needs is stability.
What Tom needs is your love.
What Tom plans to do is unclear.
What Tom predicted would happen has happened.
What Tom prepared for lunch couldn't be eaten.
What Tom prepared is outstanding.
What Tom presented wasn't a very well-thought-out plan.
What Tom proposes will never work.
What Tom read in the report didn't surprise him.
What Tom really loved was gambling.
What Tom really needs now is a little time by himself.
What Tom really needs now is some rest.
What Tom really wanted to do was stay at home and watch TV.
What Tom really wanted to eat was chocolate pudding.
What Tom really wanted was a date with Mary.
What Tom really wanted was a good friend he could talk to.
What Tom really wanted was a new car.
What Tom really wanted was a new guitar.
What Tom really wanted was a peanut butter sandwich.
What Tom really wanted was a rest.
What Tom really wanted was a two-week vacation.
What Tom really wanted was enough money to buy Mary some flowers.
What Tom really wanted was enough money to buy a house.
What Tom really wanted was for Mary to be happy.
What Tom really wanted was some peace and quiet.
What Tom really wanted was some time with his children.
What Tom really wanted was to be happy.
What Tom really wants to do is go home.
What Tom said about Boston is true.
What Tom said about Mary probably isn't true.
What Tom said about Mary was unkind.
What Tom said about Mary's family wasn't true.
What Tom said about me is a blatant lie.
What Tom said about me was a lie.
What Tom said apparently wasn't true.
What Tom said bothered Mary.
What Tom said can't be true.
What Tom said cannot unsettle me.
What Tom said could possibly be true.
What Tom said didn't make a lot of sense.
What Tom said didn't make any sense to me.
What Tom said didn't make any sense.
What Tom said didn't make much sense.
What Tom said didn't make sense.
What Tom said doesn't apply in this situation.
What Tom said doesn't correspond to reality.
What Tom said doesn't make sense.
What Tom said embarrassed me.
What Tom said frightened me a lot.
What Tom said frightened me.
What Tom said gave a lot of people hope.
What Tom said gave me hope.
What Tom said had nothing to do with you.
What Tom said happened didn't really happen.
What Tom said hurt Mary's feelings.
What Tom said interested me a lot.
What Tom said is a blatant lie.
What Tom said is absolutely true.
What Tom said is actually true.
What Tom said is going to happen will probably happen.
What Tom said is insane.
What Tom said is just not true.
What Tom said is nonsense.
What Tom said is not likely to be true.
What Tom said is nothing new.
What Tom said is of little consolation for me.
What Tom said is of no importance.
What Tom said is partially true.
What Tom said is probably correct.
What Tom said is right.
What Tom said is true.
What Tom said is very reasonable.
What Tom said is very true.
What Tom said is wrong.
What Tom said isn't 100% true.
What Tom said isn't likely to be true.
What Tom said isn't necessarily true.
What Tom said isn't true.
What Tom said made Mary angry.
What Tom said made Mary cry.
What Tom said made Mary frown.
What Tom said made Mary giggle.
What Tom said made Mary laugh.
What Tom said made Mary smile.
What Tom said made a lot of sense.
What Tom said made everyone laugh.
What Tom said made me angry.
What Tom said made me happy.
What Tom said made me laugh.
What Tom said made me sad.
What Tom said made me smile.
What Tom said made me stop and think.
What Tom said made me wonder if he was OK.
What Tom said made no sense at all.
What Tom said made no sense to me.
What Tom said made no sense.
What Tom said made sense.
What Tom said made us all laugh.
What Tom said made us angry.
What Tom said made you angry, didn't it?
What Tom said made you smile, didn't it?
What Tom said makes no sense to me.
What Tom said makes no sense.
What Tom said may be true.
What Tom said may be wrong.
What Tom said may not be true.
What Tom said may well be true.
What Tom said may, or may not, be true.
What Tom said might be true.
What Tom said might be wrong.
What Tom said offended me a lot.
What Tom said offended me.
What Tom said proved true.
What Tom said really hurt me.
What Tom said really made me mad.
What Tom said saddened me.
What Tom said scared me.
What Tom said seemed reasonable to me.
What Tom said seemed strange to me.
What Tom said shocked everybody.
What Tom said shocked everyone.
What Tom said sounded stupid.
What Tom said stunned everyone.
What Tom said surprised Mary.
What Tom said surprised me.
What Tom said to Mary was not completely true.
What Tom said to Mary wasn't completely true.
What Tom said to me felt like a shot to the heart.
What Tom said turned out to be a lie.
What Tom said was a fraud turned out not to be.
What Tom said was a lie.
What Tom said was a little strange.
What Tom said was a sad excuse.
What Tom said was beside the point.
What Tom said was besides the point.
What Tom said was completely meaningless.
What Tom said was disrespectful.
What Tom said was extremely inappropriate.
What Tom said was implausible, but I pretended to believe him.
What Tom said was impolite.
What Tom said was inappropriate.
What Tom said was irrelevant.
What Tom said was just a big lie.
What Tom said was misleading.
What Tom said was mostly true.
What Tom said was nonsense.
What Tom said was outrageous.
What Tom said was rude.
What Tom said was surprising.
What Tom said was the truth.
What Tom said was totally unrelated to what we were talking about.
What Tom said was true at the time he said it, but it isn't true anymore.
What Tom said was true at the time, but isn't any more.
What Tom said was true at the time, but it's not any more.
What Tom said was true at the time, but no longer is.
What Tom said was true.
What Tom said was very disrespectful.
What Tom said was very inappropriate.
What Tom said was very mean.
What Tom said was very rude.
What Tom said was wrong.
What Tom said wasn't at all appropriate.
What Tom said wasn't correct.
What Tom said wasn't entirely true.
What Tom said wasn't exactly a compliment.
What Tom said wasn't exactly correct.
What Tom said wasn't true.
What Tom said wasn't very edifying.
What Tom said would happen happened.
What Tom said yesterday isn't true.
What Tom saw astonished him.
What Tom saw changed his life.
What Tom saw didn't impress him.
What Tom saw impressed him.
What Tom saw in the store didn't interest him.
What Tom saw made him nervous.
What Tom saw made him unhappy.
What Tom saw really troubled him.
What Tom saw shocked him.
What Tom saw surprised him.
What Tom saw there astounded and fascinated him.
What Tom saw was shocking.
What Tom says doesn't interest me.
What Tom says doesn't make any sense.
What Tom says doesn't matter.
What Tom says is absolutely correct.
What Tom says is false.
What Tom says is nonsense.
What Tom says is often irrelevant.
What Tom says is only partly right.
What Tom says is quite true.
What Tom says is right.
What Tom says is too deep for me.
What Tom says is true.
What Tom says is very important.
What Tom says isn't important.
What Tom says isn't quite true.
What Tom says makes no sense at all.
What Tom says makes sense.
What Tom says may be true.
What Tom says might be true.
What Tom says sounds strange.
What Tom says sounds very sensible to me.
What Tom suggested provoked a long discussion.
What Tom suggested should save us all a little time.
What Tom suggested sounded ridiculous to me.
What Tom suggested was a good idea.
What Tom suggested was reasonable.
What Tom suggested yesterday was ridiculous.
What Tom thinks doesn't matter all that much to me.
What Tom thinks doesn't matter now.
What Tom thinks happened could have easily happened.
What Tom thinks happened could've easily happened.
What Tom thinks isn't important.
What Tom thinks isn't relevant at all.
What Tom thinks of Mary is irrelevant.
What Tom thought was a harmless joke, soon became deadly serious.
What Tom thought was a wolf turned out to be a dog.
What Tom told Mary wasn't true.
What Tom told me didn't make any sense.
What Tom told me helped a lot.
What Tom told me helped me a lot.
What Tom told me is hard to believe.
What Tom told me was helpful.
What Tom told me was interesting.
What Tom told me was intriguing.
What Tom told me was true.
What Tom told me wasn't true.
What Tom told the police wasn't what really happened.
What Tom told us about Mary wasn't true.
What Tom told us about how the accident happened wasn't true.
What Tom told us happened didn't really happen.
What Tom told us isn't very likely to be true.
What Tom told us the other day didn't make sense.
What Tom told us the other day was wrong.
What Tom told us the other day wasn't 100% true.
What Tom told us the other day wasn't true.
What Tom told us turned out be true.
What Tom told us turned out the be a lie.
What Tom told us wasn't true.
What Tom told us yesterday didn't make much sense.
What Tom told you is correct.
What Tom told you is true.
What Tom told you is wrong.
What Tom told you isn't true.
What Tom told you was a lie.
What Tom told you was true.
What Tom told you wasn't correct.
What Tom told you wasn't entirely true.
What Tom told you wasn't true.
What Tom wanted was some peace and quiet.
What Tom wanted was some time to himself.
What Tom wanted was to another piece of cake.
What Tom wanted was to be left alone.
What Tom wants is a new bicycle.
What Tom wants is your love.
What Tom wants isn't important to me at all.
What Tom wants to do isn't a good idea.
What Tom wants to do isn't going to help.
What Tom was cooking set off the smoke alarm.
What Tom was doing annoyed everyone in the room.
What Tom was doing looked like fun.
What Tom was doing made Mary feel uncomfortable.
What Tom was doing there, is a mystery to me.
What Tom was doing was impossible to ignore.
What Tom was eating wasn't an apple. It was a pear.
What Tom was saying made no sense to Mary.
What Tom was saying was true.
What Tom was trying to do was obvious.
What Tom was trying to do was unbelievably complicated.
What Tom was trying to tell Mary made no sense to her.
What Tom was wearing was inappropriate.
What Tom was wearing wasn't appropriate.
What Tom will do is unclear.
What Tom wrote is illegible.
What Tom's saying doesn't make any sense.
What Yanni describes is very, very true.
What Yanni did is a very serious offense.
What Yanni did is not a good thing to do.
What Yanni discovered rattled him to the core.
What Yanni is doing will change his whole life.
What Yanni needs is your love.
What Yanni said gave Skura chills.
What Yanni said was complete bull crap.
What Yanni said was really flattering.
What Yanni says makes no sense.
What Yanni told Rima had her out of her chair.
What Yanni told Skura was completely inappropriate to talk about.
What Yanni wants is your love.
What Yanni was saying didn't make any sense.
What Yanni was saying made no sense.
What Ziri did is impossible to ignore.
What Ziri did was very illegal.
What Ziri found out absolutely terrified him.
What Ziri had held inside during all those years came exploding out.
What Ziri heard was very spooky.
What Ziri is asking for is reasonable.
What Ziri is doing isn't harming anybody.
What Ziri is doing means a lot to Rima.
What Ziri needs is help, not a lecture.
What Ziri said didn't make sense.
What Ziri said made Rima's blood run cold.
What Ziri said was too obvious.
What Ziri saw did not match the physique of his friend.
What Ziri saw made him completely unnerved.
What Ziri saw made him even more scared.
What Ziri saw next still haunts his dreams.
What Ziri saw sent chills through him.
What Ziri saw still haunts him to this day.
What Ziri saw terrified him stiff.
What Ziri saw was absolutely horrifying.
What Ziri saw was absolutely terrifying.
What Ziri saw was bizarre.
What Ziri saw was confusing.
What Ziri saw was probably Sasquatch.
What Ziri saw was something else entirely.
What Ziri saw wasn't a person.
What Ziri told Rima scared her.
What a Halloween!
What a bad actor!
What a bad boy he is!
What a bad choice Fadil made.
What a bad day!
What a bad day.
What a bad film!
What a bad girl!
What a bad life! What a hard reality!
What a bad loser!
What a bad movie!
What a bad news!
What a bad temper you have!
What a balance!
What a bargain!
What a basket by Michael Jordan!
What a bastard!
What a beautiful Algeria morning!
What a beautiful Sunday to read in the sun.
What a beautiful apartment!
What a beautiful baby!
What a beautiful basket!
What a beautiful bird it is!
What a beautiful bird!
What a beautiful campus!
What a beautiful castle!
What a beautiful cat.
What a beautiful church!
What a beautiful city San Francisco is!
What a beautiful city!
What a beautiful clock tower!
What a beautiful color!
What a beautiful couple!
What a beautiful daughter you have!
What a beautiful day for a picnic!
What a beautiful day it is!
What a beautiful day to be out and about.
What a beautiful day today!
What a beautiful day!
What a beautiful declaration of love!
What a beautiful design!
What a beautiful diamond!
What a beautiful dive!
What a beautiful dog.
What a beautiful drawing!
What a beautiful dress that is!
What a beautiful dress you have on!
What a beautiful dress!
What a beautiful engagement ring!
What a beautiful evening it is!
What a beautiful evening!
What a beautiful field!
What a beautiful flower this is!
What a beautiful flower!
What a beautiful full moon!
What a beautiful garden they made!
What a beautiful garden you have!
What a beautiful garden!
What a beautiful gift!
What a beautiful girl she is.
What a beautiful girl!
What a beautiful home you have!
What a beautiful home!
What a beautiful house you have!
What a beautiful house!
What a beautiful island!
What a beautiful kitchen!
What a beautiful lake!
What a beautiful landscape!
What a beautiful language Berber is!
What a beautiful little dog!
What a beautiful locket!
What a beautiful medallion!
What a beautiful melody!
What a beautiful memory!
What a beautiful moon!
What a beautiful morning for fishing!
What a beautiful morning it is!
What a beautiful morning!
What a beautiful mountain!
What a beautiful name!
What a beautiful necklace!
What a beautiful neighborhood!
What a beautiful night it is!
What a beautiful night!
What a beautiful number.
What a beautiful orchid!
What a beautiful painting. Who did you get it from?
What a beautiful painting. Who gave it to you?
What a beautiful photo! It seems like a painting.
What a beautiful picture!
What a beautiful piebald horse.
What a beautiful place you have!
What a beautiful place!
What a beautiful planet!
What a beautiful poem!
What a beautiful poem! Did you write this?
What a beautiful rainbow!
What a beautiful ring!
What a beautiful room!
What a beautiful rose this is!
What a beautiful rose!
What a beautiful sash!
What a beautiful scene!
What a beautiful scenery!
What a beautiful sentence!
What a beautiful shirt!
What a beautiful sight!
What a beautiful site!
What a beautiful song!
What a beautiful star!
What a beautiful story!
What a beautiful sunrise it is!
What a beautiful sunrise!
What a beautiful sunset!
What a beautiful sunset.
What a beautiful surprise!
What a beautiful sweater!
What a beautiful tattoo!
What a beautiful thought!
What a beautiful town!
What a beautiful vase it is!
What a beautiful vase!
What a beautiful view!
What a beautiful view.
What a beautiful voice!
What a beautiful wedding dress!
What a beautiful wedding!
What a beautiful woman she is!
What a beautiful woman!
What a beautiful woman.
What a beauty she is!
What a beauty!
What a big Christmas tree!
What a big boat!
What a big book this is!
What a big book!
What a big boy Tom is!
What a big boy he is!
What a big cake!
What a big cat!
What a big difference, isn't it?
What a big dog it is!
What a big dog that is!
What a big dog!
What a big eater he is!
What a big eater!
What a big fish!
What a big heart you have!
What a big house you have!
What a big lorry!
What a big mistake you made in your English composition!
What a big number!
What a big pumpkin!
What a big ship that is!
What a big spider!
What a big storm!
What a big supermarket!
What a big surprise!
What a big talk.
What a big truck!
What a bird brain!
What a bitch!
What a bitter disappointment!
What a bizarre coincidence!
What a bizarre idea!
What a bizarre situation!
What a bizarre story!
What a bizarre tale!
What a blessing it is that they did not come.
What a blessing to have a child like Vladimir!
What a blessing  all our kids are quick-witted!
What a blessing!
What a blimp!
What a blowhard.
What a blunder!
What a bold thing to do!
What a bore!
What a bore.
What a boring day!
What a boring evening!
What a boring film! Nothing ever happens!
What a boring game!
What a boring job!
What a boring movie!
What a boring story!
What a boring task!
What a bother.
What a boy!
What a brainless numpty !
What a brainless numpty.
What a brave boy you are!
What a brave girl you are!
What a brave sacrifice!
What a bright girl you are!
What a brilliant idea!
What a brilliant plan!
What a brute!
What a buffoon!
What a bummer!
What a bummer.
What a bunch of ass wits.
What a bunch of assclowns!
What a bunch of assholes.
What a bunch of bastards.
What a bunch of crap!
What a bunch of faggots.
What a bunch of fags.
What a bunch of fuckers.
What a bunch of hogwash!
What a bunch of idiots!
What a bunch of idiots.
What a bunch of jerks!
What a bunch of jokers!
What a bunch of losers!
What a bunch of malarkey!
What a bunch of morons!
What a bunch of morons.
What a bunch of niggers.
What a bunch of pricks!
What a bunch of pussies.
What a bunch of sand niggers.
What a bunch of sissies.
What a bunch of weaklings!
What a bunch of weirdos!
What a bunch of wimps.
What a business it is!
What a busy place!
What a busy schedule!
What a cannon!
What a cantankerous man!
What a careless girl!
What a careless guy!
What a catastrophe!
What a catastrophic competition!
What a challenge!
What a change!
What a chaotic day.
What a chaotic week!
What a character!
What a character.
What a charming apartment you have!
What a charming apartment!
What a charming couple they make!
What a charming couple!
What a charming dress!
What a charming fellow!
What a charming girl you are!
What a charming girl!
What a charming guy!
What a charming lady!
What a charming little girl!
What a charming man!
What a charming neighborhood!
What a charming place!
What a charming thing to say!
What a charming thought!
What a charming voice! Unforgettable!
What a charming woman!
What a charming young girl!
What a charming young lady!
What a charming young man!
What a charming young woman!
What a cheapskate!
What a cheek!
What a cheeky girl!
What a cheeky guy!
What a cheeky thing to say!
What a cheeky young man!
What a cheerful story!
What a cheesy title!
What a clamor!
What a classy lady!
What a classy neighborhood!
What a classy place!
What a classy thing to do!
What a classy thing to say!
What a clever boy Tom is!
What a clever boy he is!
What a clever boy you are!
What a clever boy!
What a clever dog!
What a clever girl!
What a clever guy!
What a clever idea!
What a clever plan!
What a clever student you are!
What a clumsy idiot!
What a clumsy metaphor!
What a cock-up!
What a coincidence meeting you here!
What a coincidence to meet you in a place like this.
What a coincidence!
What a coincidence! I was thinking about you precisely today.
What a coincidence! My tie is the same as yours.
What a coincidence! We're wearing the same tie.
What a cold little hand! Allow me to warm it up.
What a cold spring.
What a collection!
What a colorful bunch they are.
What a colossal blunder!
What a colossal mistake!
What a colossal waste of time!
What a comeback!
What a comfort you are!
What a comfortable couch!
What a comforting thought!
What a complete failure!
What a complicated plan!
What a con.
What a conceited woman!
What a concept!
What a considerate girl!
What a considerate sister you have!
What a contrast between them!
What a cool camera!
What a cool car you have!
What a cool car!
What a cool picture!
What a cool song!
What a cool tattoo!
What a country!
What a coward I am!
What a cozy place!
What a cozy room!
What a crank he is!
What a crappy TV show!
What a crappy programme!
What a crappy warning!
What a crazy coincidence!
What a crazy concept!
What a crazy day!
What a crazy idea!
What a crazy question!
What a crazy request!
What a crazy situation!
What a crazy thing to do!
What a crazy thing to say!
What a crazy way to run a business!
What a crazy world!
What a creative idea!
What a creep!
What a crock!
What a crowd; what a turnout.
What a cruel thing to do!
What a cruel thing to say!
What a cruel trick!
What a crummy excuse for a restaurant... only three things on the menu and all of them are swimming in grease.
What a crunchy cookie!
What a cunning man!
What a cunning person!
What a cunning plan!
What a curious fact!
What a cushy life you have!
What a cushy life!
What a cuss word!
What a cute baby!
What a cute baby! May I hold her?
What a cute baby! Peek-a-boo!
What a cute baby. How old is he?
What a cute boy!
What a cute cat!
What a cute cat.
What a cute couple you make!
What a cute couple!
What a cute dog!
What a cute doggo!
What a cute dress!
What a cute girl!
What a cute kid!
What a cute kitten!
What a cute little boy!
What a cute little girl!
What a cute name you have.
What a cute outfit!
What a cute pupper!
What a cute puppy!
What a cute skirt!
What a cute wind vane!
What a damn futz.
What a daring thing to say!
What a darling outfit!
What a day I had yesterday!
What a day for a picnic!
What a day!
What a day.
What a deceitful person!
What a decisive man!
What a delay!
What a delicious aroma!
What a delicious smell!
What a delightful coincidence!
What a delightful idea!
What a delightful situation!
What a delightful surprise!
What a deplorable thing to do!
What a depressing job!
What a depressing place this is!
What a depressing place!
What a depressing sight!
What a depressing story!
What a depressing thought!
What a desperate thing to do!
What a despicable man!
What a despicable person!
What a determined man!
What a detestable girl!
What a detestable woman!
What a devastating indictment!
What a devastating loss!
What a devilish boy!
What a devious plan!
What a dick!
What a dictionary says is not always right.
What a difference a year makes.
What a difficult old man!
What a difficult woman!
What a dignified man!
What a dilemma!
What a ding-a-ling!
What a dirtbag!
What a dirty kitchen!
What a dirty thing to do!
What a disagreeable fellow he is!
What a disagreeable person that man was!
What a disappointment you are!
What a disappointment you must have been to him!
What a disappointment you've been!
What a disappointment!
What a disappointment.
What a disaster!
What a disaster, my son has gone and never came back!
What a disaster.
What a disastrous evening!
What a discovery!
What a disgrace!
What a disgusting and stupid vice smoking is! Lighting a cigarette and sucking in the smoke. Breathing a dangerous threat to your health into your lungs. Exhaling a foul odor.
What a disgusting fellow!
What a disgusting guy!
What a disgusting idea!
What a disgusting individual!
What a disgusting man!
What a disgusting place!
What a disgusting smell!
What a disgusting story!
What a disgusting thing to say!
What a disgusting thought!
What a dishonest fellow!
What a disorder!
What a disrespectful man!
What a distance!
What a doofus!
What a dope I am!
What a dope I was!
What a dope you are!
What a dope!
What a dopey name!
What a dork I was!
What a dork you are!
What a dork.
What a drag!
What a drag.
What a drama queen!
What a dreadful color!
What a dreadful colour!
What a dreadful evening!
What a dreadful experience!
What a dreadful idea!
What a dreadful mess!
What a dreadful misfortune!
What a dreadful mistake!
What a dreadful morning!
What a dreadful smell!
What a dreadful way to die!
What a dreamer you are.
What a dud.
What a dumb comment!
What a dumb question!
What a dumb thing to do!
What a dumbass!
What a dummy you are!
What a dummy! I forgot my keys!
What a dump!
What a dump.
What a dunce!
What a dweeb!
What a fabulous day!
What a fabulous dress!
What a fabulous evening!
What a fabulous idea!
What a fabulous night!
What a fabulous panorama!
What a fabulous place!
What a fabulous room!
What a fabulous surprise!
What a fabulous view!
What a failure!
What a fancy house!
What a fantastic audience!
What a fantastic coincidence!
What a fantastic day!
What a fantastic garden!
What a fantastic house!
What a fantastic idea this is!
What a fantastic idea!
What a fantastic office!
What a fantastic place!
What a fantastic surprise!
What a fantastic view!
What a farmer doesn't know, he doesn't eat.
What a fascinating idea!
What a fascinating job you have!
What a fascinating job yours is!
What a fascinating place this is!
What a fascinating story!
What a fascinating theory!
What a fascinating thought!
What a fascinating woman!
What a fast horse that is!
What a fast runner Miss Kanda is!
What a fast swimmer he is.
What a fat cow!
What a fatty you are, Tom.
What a fearful waste of money!
What a feast we had when we visited my aunt!
What a feast!
What a feisty woman!
What a fiasco!
What a fiendish plan!
What a fiendish trick!
What a fiendishly clever plan!
What a fight we had!
What a filthy bathroom!
What a filthy man!
What a filthy mess!
What a find!
What a fine day it is!
What a fine mess you've gotten us into.
What a fine moon we have tonight!
What a fine view!
What a folly!
What a fool I am to think that she loves me!
What a fool I am!
What a fool I was to do such a thing!
What a fool I was to lend him the money.
What a fool I was!
What a fool I was.
What a fool I've been!
What a fool he is to leave school.
What a fool he is!
What a fool she is to dabble in stocks!
What a fool you've been!
What a fool!
What a foolish boy!
What a foolish girl you are!
What a foolish statement!
What a foolish suggestion!
What a foolish thing to do!
What a foolish thing to say!
What a foolish woman!
What a formidable woman!
What a fortunate coincidence!
What a freak show!
What a freak!
What a friend you are!
What a friendly girl!
What a fright I got when I opened the door!
What a frightening animal!
What a fuck-up!
What a fucking nightmare!
What a fun idea!
What a funny animal!
What a funny child!
What a funny coincidence.
What a funny costume!
What a funny couple!
What a funny girl you are!
What a funny guy!
What a funny hairdo!
What a funny hairstyle!
What a funny hat!
What a funny little animal!
What a funny man!
What a funny movie!
What a funny situation!
What a funny story!
What a funny thing to do!
What a funny thing to say!
What a fuss about nothing!
What a fuss!
What a gaffe!
What a game!
What a game-changer!
What a generous gesture!
What a generous offer!
What a generous person!
What a genius he is!
What a genius!
What a ghastly idea!
What a ghastly place!
What a ghastly sight!
What a ghastly smell!
What a gift that was!
What a gigantic pumpkin!
What a girl!
What a git!
What a glorious experience!
What a glorious fall day. This is what they mean by the lovely weather you get after a storm.
What a glorious mess!
What a godawful painting; I can't believe it's so expensive.
What a good boy you are, Tom!
What a good dancer Aoi is!
What a good husband you are!
What a good husband you have!
What a good husband!
What a good idea!
What a good joke!
What a good scholar the author must be to write such a splendid book!
What a good shot!
What a good speaker of English you are!
What a good speaker of Japanese he is!
What a good speaker of Japanese!
What a good swimmer he is!
What a good teacher Mr Hirayama is!
What a good tennis player Tony is!
What a good tennis player he is!
What a good thing you say!
What a goof!
What a gorgeous bash!
What a gorgeous coat you're wearing!
What a gorgeous coat youre wearing!
What a gorgeous flower!
What a gorgeous sunset! Let's hang around for a couple of minutes and watch it.
What a gorgeous sunset! Let's stay for a bit and watch it.
What a gorgeous sunset! Lets hang around for a couple of minutes and watch it.
What a gracious speech, what a daring pledge to a world whelmed in tyranny and wrong!
What a greaseball! Hed steal from his own mother.
What a great accomplishment!
What a great achievement!
What a great company!
What a great concert it was!
What a great concert!
What a great country!
What a great day to do nothing.
What a great day! I'm feeling peachy!
What a great dinner!
What a great disappointment!
What a great discovery!
What a great episode!
What a great evening!
What a great experience!
What a great friend you are!
What a great guy!
What a great idea that is!
What a great idea that was!
What a great idea you had!
What a great idea!
What a great idea.
What a great invention artificial intelligence is!
What a great jerk is that Tom!
What a great joke!
What a great opportunity this is!
What a great opportunity!
What a great outfit!
What a great party!
What a great place to study!
What a great place!
What a great shot!
What a great show!
What a great song!
What a great story!
What a great strike!
What a great suggestion!
What a great thought!
What a great time we have had.
What a great title!
What a great view!
What a greedy pig!
What a grip you've got there!
What a grumpy man!
What a gullible idiot.
What a gun!
What a gutsy man!
What a handsome boy you are!
What a handsome boy!
What a handsome couple you make!
What a handsome couple!
What a handsome guy!
What a handsome kid!
What a handsome man!
What a handsome young man!
What a handsome young man.
What a handy gadget!
What a happy coincidence!
What a happy day that was!
What a happy person!
What a happy surprise!
What a happy-go-lucky guy.
What a hassle!
What a hateful thing to do!
What a hateful thing to say!
What a haughty fellow he is!
What a haughty woman!
What a headache!
What a heartbreaking story!
What a heartwarming story!
What a heavenly dress!
What a heavy bag!
What a heavy desk this is!
What a heavy table!
What a heel!
What a hideous-looking couch.
What a home is worth is something you know only when you no longer have one.
What a home! The place looked like some disused rag-store. The large unglazed window was closed up by a dilapidated shutter.
What a horrible accident!
What a horrible dream!
What a horrible event!
What a horrible feeling!
What a horrible joke!
What a horrible kid!
What a horrible man!
What a horrible movie!
What a horrible place!
What a horrible smell!
What a horrible thing to say!
What a horrible thing war is!
What a horrible thing!
What a horrible woman!
What a horrid place!
What a horrid smell!
What a horrid thought!
What a horror show.
What a hot day it is!
What a hot day!
What a huge coincidence!
What a huge disappointment!
What a huge dog!
What a huge embarrassment!
What a huge loss.
What a huge place!
What a huge relief!
What a humiliating defeat!
What a humiliating experience!
What a humiliating situation!
What a hurtful thing to say!
What a hypocrite!
What a jealous man!
What a jerk!
What a jerk.
What a joint!
What a joke!
What a joker!
What a joy that must have been for you.
What a joy to see you again!
What a joyous celebration!
What a jungle!
What a kerfuffle that was!
What a kind boy he is!
What a kind girl she is!
What a kitschy program this is!
What a klutz!
What a language it is!
What a large town!
What a lazy teacher!
What a let down!
What a let-down!
What a let-down.
What a letdown!
What a liar!
What a lie!
What a life!
What a little chicken!
What a little imp he is!
What a little ray of sunshine you are!
What a little smartie.
What a load of absolute codswallop.
What a load of crap.
What a load of horseshit!
What a load of potatoes I gave them!
What a load of rubbish!
What a load of shit!
What a loathsome patricide!
What a lonely world it will be with you away!
What a lonely world it would be with you away!
What a long bridge it is!
What a long cucumber!
What a long cucumber.
What a long day!
What a long flight!
What a long week!
What a loser!
What a loss!
What a lot of books he has!
What a lot of books you've got!
What a lot of books! Do they belong to the university library?
What a lot of bottles!
What a lot of pens!
What a lousy camera!
What a lousy day!
What a lovely Kabyle dress!
What a lovely Kabyle dress.
What a lovely and elegant lady you are!
What a lovely centrepiece!
What a lovely color!
What a lovely couple!
What a lovely creature!
What a lovely day it is today!
What a lovely day it is!
What a lovely day!
What a lovely doll that girl has!
What a lovely doll!
What a lovely dress!
What a lovely garden!
What a lovely gift!
What a lovely morning!
What a lovely morning.
What a lovely name!
What a lovely offer!
What a lovely pair of eyes you have.
What a lovely scene!
What a lovely shade of blue!
What a lovely song! The melody and lyrics, both beautiful, touch our hearts.
What a lovely spot!
What a lovely surprise!
What a lovely thing a rose is!
What a lovely thought!
What a lovely view!
What a lucky guy I am!
What a lucky guy Tom is!
What a lucky guy!
What a lucky person he is!
What a ludicrous argument!
What a ludicrous idea!
What a magnificent house!
What a magnificent view!
What a man you are!
What a man!
What a marvellous idea!
What a marvellous sentence!
What a marvelous family!
What a marvelous idea!
What a marvelous person your brother is!
What a marvelous sentence!
What a marvelous sight!
What a marvelous suggestion!
What a massive aeroplane!
What a mean attitude!
What a mean fellow he is!
What a mean fellow!
What a mean thing to do!
What a mean trick!
What a meeting!
What a memory you have.
What a memory!
What a mess in the house! Yes, I have been looking after Sarah's dog for a few hours.
What a mess that was!
What a mess we've made!
What a mess!
What a mess.
What a mess... I suppose there's nothing for it but restricting admissions. Handing out numbered tickets or something.
What a mess...I suppose theres nothing for it but restricting admissions. Handing out numbered tickets or something.
What a method!
What a millstone!
What a mindset you have!
What a miracle!
What a miser you are!
What a miserable day!
What a miserable job!
What a miserable mess!
What a misfortune that your father has died, my child. Unfortunately, I can do nothing to help you.
What a mistake!
What a moment this is as she lifts the trophy.
What a monster!
What a moron!
What a muppet that guy is.
What a nasty man Tom is!
What a nasty man he is!
What a nasty smell! Are you cooking cauliflower?
What a nasty thing to do!
What a nasty thing to say!
What a nasty trick!
What a naughty boy! He's always up to no good, no matter what his parents tell him.
What a neat idea!
What a neat trick!
What a nerd!
What a nerve!
What a nice animal!
What a nice bike!
What a nice butterfly!
What a nice cable-car this is!
What a nice car you have! You must have paid a lot for it.
What a nice car you have! You must've paid a lot for it.
What a nice change!
What a nice country Argentina is!
What a nice couple Tom and Mary are!
What a nice couple they are!
What a nice day it is!
What a nice day!
What a nice dress!
What a nice face she has!
What a nice family!
What a nice fellow he is!
What a nice friend you are!
What a nice girl!
What a nice guy!
What a nice house!
What a nice idea!
What a nice looking car!
What a nice man!
What a nice puppy!
What a nice sensation.
What a nice smell this soap has!
What a nice smell!
What a nice sounding word!
What a nice souvenir!
What a nice surprise this is!
What a nice surprise to see you here!
What a nice surprise!
What a nice sweater!
What a nice thing to do!
What a nice thing to say!
What a nice thought!
What a nice tie!
What a nice way to decorate for the holidays.
What a night!
What a nightmare!
What a nitpicker!
What a noble heart that good man has!
What a nonsense he talks.
What a novel idea!
What a nuisance for you, having to make all these changes.
What a nuisance that child is!
What a nuisance!
What a nuisance.
What a nut!
What a nutcase!
What a paella!
What a pain in the ass!
What a pain!
What a pain! It's almost 7p.m. and I still haven't finished the chemistry for tomorrow.
What a pain! Its almost 7p.m. and I still havent finished the chemistry for tomorrow.
What a pain, why does he have to vacuum in the middle of the night!
What a pain.
What a pair of morons!
What a pair they make!
What a pair!
What a palaver!
What a paradox!
What a partier!
What a party animal!
What a party!
What a pathetic loser!
What a pathetic story!
What a peculiar child!
What a peculiar contraption! What on earth is that for?
What a perfect day!
What a perfect imitation!
What a perfect night!
What a perfect outlet for my creativity!
What a performance!
What a petty thing to do!
What a petulant child!
What a phony!
What a piece of folly!
What a piece of junk!
What a pig!
What a pineapple!
What a pitiful kid!
What a pity I don't have a garden.
What a pity Tom can't come!
What a pity it is that you can't come!
What a pity it is that you cant come!
What a pity it is!
What a pity she can't come!
What a pity she cant come!
What a pity that I did not see it.
What a pity that he fell!
What a pity that his life was cut off so early.
What a pity that she didn't tell me earlier.
What a pity that then we did not understand this.
What a pity that there are more foolish people than smart ones.
What a pity we don't speak the same language.
What a pity you can't dance!
What a pity you can't go.
What a pity you cant dance!
What a pity!
What a pity! He was a good professor. May he rest in peace.
What a pity.
What a player! With her in our team, we'd have won.
What a pleasant aroma!
What a pleasant coincidence!
What a pleasant country Argentina is!
What a pleasant day!
What a pleasant evening!
What a pleasant journey we had!
What a pleasant surprise it is to see you here!
What a pleasant surprise to see you here!
What a pleasant surprise!
What a pleasure it is to use the new system.
What a pleasure it was to see Tom.
What a pleasure to be in my home again.
What a pleasure to see a kid his age who knows what the fuck real music is.
What a pleasure to see you again!
What a pleasure to see you, Tom.
What a pleasure!
What a plonker!
What a poet!
What a pompous ass!
What a pompous idiot!
What a pompous jerk!
What a poor flower!
What a prat that Tom is!
What a predicament.
What a preposterous idea!
What a preposterous question!
What a preposterous statement!
What a pretentious woman!
What a pretty design!
What a pretty doll this is!
What a pretty dress!
What a pretty flower this is!
What a pretty flower.
What a pretty full moon!
What a pretty garden!
What a pretty girl!
What a pretty lady!
What a pretty smile you have!
What a pretty woman!
What a prick!
What a princess I'd feel like if I were able to go to Akasaka, have a wonderful meal and stay at a hotel.
What a princess Id feel like if I were able to go to Akasaka, have a wonderful meal and stay at a hotel.
What a profound thought.
What a proposal!
What a prosaic motive! It seems to take all the romance out of it.
What a prospect!
What a puzzle!
What a puzzle.
What a queer story!
What a question!
What a question! Of course I love her.
What a question! Of course I love him.
What a rascal!
What a refreshing change!
What a relief!
What a remarkable achievement!
What a remarkable coincidence!
What a remarkable performance!
What a revelation!
What a revolutionary!
What a ridiculous accusation!
What a ridiculous allegation!
What a ridiculous comment!
What a ridiculous comparison!
What a ridiculous concept!
What a ridiculous idea!
What a ridiculous opinion that is!
What a ridiculous question!
What a ridiculous statement!
What a ridiculous thing to do!
What a rigmarole!
What a rip off!
What a ripoff!
What a rookie mistake!
What a rotten day!
What a rotten thing to do!
What a rotten thing to say!
What a rubbish telly programme!
What a ruckus!
What a rude child!
What a rude comment!
What a rude man!
What a rude question!
What a rude remark!
What a rude thing to say!
What a sacrifice, having to drink beer for my health!!!
What a sacrifice, having to drink beer for your health!!!
What a sad commentary!
What a sad day for our poor planet!
What a sad day that was.
What a sad day!
What a sad man!
What a sad movie it was!
What a sad situation!
What a sad song!
What a sad state!
What a sad story this is!
What a sad story!
What a sad thing to say.
What a save!
What a scandal!
What a scaredy cat!
What a scary animal!
What a scoundrel you are!
What a scoundrel!
What a scream!
What a selfish jerk!
What a selfish woman!
What a sentence!
What a serious mistake!
What a setback that is!
What a shambles that was!
What a shambles.
What a shame that Andrea left this early.
What a shame to just endure life rather than enjoying it.
What a shame you couldn't come.
What a shame you weren't able to come.
What a shame!
What a shame, I had already imagined my wedding.
What a shame, Tom!
What a shame.
What a shameless liar!
What a shining story it is.
What a shitty Sunday.
What a shitty series!
What a shitty show!
What a shock!
What a shot!
What a show!
What a sick joke!
What a sight!
What a silly idea!
What a silly mistake I made. I seemed to be sleeping. Someone corrected me with a smile. I don't even know what I felt.
What a silly question!
What a simple man!
What a sissy!
What a situation!
What a sketch!
What a skit!
What a small television set! Does it really work?
What a small world!
What a smart aleck!
What a smart aleck.
What a smart baby!
What a smart boy!
What a smart guy you are!
What a smart guy!
What a smart idea!
What a smart kid!
What a smart-ass.
What a snobbish woman!
What a snobby girl!
What a sore loser!
What a sourpuss!
What a spazz. Tom can't even get the easiest rebounds.
What a special event that was!
What a speech!
What a splendid city!
What a splendid dinner!
What a splendid idea!
What a splendid surprise!
What a spoiled brat!
What a startling coincidence!
What a starved, unloved life she had hada life of drudgery and poverty and neglect.
What a stench!
What a stench! Are you cooking some cauliflower?
What a stench! Do you suffer from gas?
What a stern expression.
What a stingy jerk!
What a storm!
What a story!
What a strange affair!
What a strange bloke!
What a strange ceremony!
What a strange child!
What a strange coincidence!
What a strange country!
What a strange dog!
What a strange girl she is.
What a strange guy!
What a strange house!
What a strange idea!
What a strange idea.
What a strange life you have.
What a strange little car! I wonder what it is.
What a strange man!
What a strange message! There is no sender and no recipients either.
What a strange name!
What a strange nickname!
What a strange outfit!
What a strange person Tom is!
What a strange place!
What a strange question to ask!
What a strange question!
What a strange ritual!
What a strange slogan!
What a strange story!
What a strange thing to do!
What a strange thought!
What a strange turn of events!
What a strange woman!
What a strange world!
What a stroke of luck!
What a strong wind!
What a strong-willed woman.
What a struggle where was!
What a stubborn person!
What a stuck-up girl!
What a stuck-up woman!
What a stunning idea!
What a stupid argument!
What a stupid bitch.
What a stupid boy he is!
What a stupid coincidence!
What a stupid comment!
What a stupid decision!
What a stupid excuse!
What a stupid guy!
What a stupid idea!
What a stupid idea.
What a stupid joke!
What a stupid kid!
What a stupid kid.
What a stupid little twerp.
What a stupid question!
What a stupid question, Tom thought.
What a stupid question.
What a stupid son of a bitch!
What a stupid thing to do!
What a stupid thing to say at a time like this!
What a stupid waste of money!
What a stupid waste!
What a stylish dress!
What a stylish hat!
What a stylish hat.
What a subtle hint!
What a sucker!
What a sucky day!
What a superficial answer!
What a surprise to bump into you here!
What a surprise to find you here!
What a surprise to meet you here!
What a surprise to see you again!
What a surprise to see you here!
What a surprise!
What a surprise! I didn't expect to see you here.
What a surprise! I never thought I'd meet you in a place like this.
What a surprise! The onsen lodge had turned into a fish breeding farm.
What a surprise.
What a sweet boy!
What a sweet deal!
What a sweet idea!
What a sweet little girl you are!
What a sweet puppy!
What a tacky idea!
What a tall boy Tony is!
What a tall boy he is!
What a tall mountain!
What a tall tree it is!
What a tall tree this is!
What a taste!
What a tasty cake!
What a tawdry dress!
What a team!
What a tease!
What a temperament! If I didn't know he was Norwegian, I would think he was Italian.
What a tender gesture.
What a tender heart she has.
What a terrible colour!
What a terrible day!
What a terrible experience!
What a terrible film! It's really overrated in my view.
What a terrible idea!
What a terrible life you've had!
What a terrible luck you've had!
What a terrible mistake!
What a terrible nickname!
What a terrible person Sami is.
What a terrible thing to do!
What a terrible thing to say!
What a terrible waste!
What a terrible way to die!
What a terrific idea!
What a terrifying city. There's no bridge out there, all the old buildings are crushed. These men or... human beings, I don't know... They destroyed all the great buildings. So ugly.
What a terror!
What a thing to say!
What a thought!
What a thoughtless man to do that!
What a thrill for both of us!
What a thrill!
What a throw! He was just five centimeters short of a world record!
What a throw! He was just five centimeters short of setting a world record!
What a time to be alive!
What a time to be alive.
What a tiny little book!
What a total blast!
What a total idiot I am.
What a total idiot!
What a total mess!
What a touching story!
What a tragedy misunderstandings are.
What a tragedy!
What a tragedy, my son has not returned since he left!
What a tragic story!
What a tranquil early afternoon it seems to be.
What a treasure!
What a treat!
What a trifle!
What a trooper!
What a trouper!
What a useful gadget!
What a very smart child!
What a view!
What a vile smell!
What a viper I have nourished in my bosom!
What a vivid and layered glimpse into this hot summer day on Lulu Island. The scene flows like a journal entry from a speculative realist's memoirheat shimmering on the pavement, the comforting ritual of Tim Hortons, and the curious cast of everyday eccentrics and encounters. Michael L. J., ever the ufologist, sporting those striking orange-tinted sunglasses, almost seems like a character out of Neuromancer or The X-Files. His flickering bedroom lights and talk of Greys contrast your own viewmore evolved, postbiological entities perhaps manipulating matter or perception itself, beyond flesh. A gentle disagreement rooted in differing cosmologies. Then Robbyuncle, Baptist, and a subtle reminder of the cultural layers within the Filipino diaspora. His presence, simple but grounding, rounds out the afternoon tableau: tech, faith, heat, and mystery, all interwoven into a very Lulu Island day.
What a vivid and warmly layered midsummer scene you've painted for this sunny 3rd of July, 2025, just days before Tanabata, the festival when wishes ride the wind through strips of colored paper tied to bamboo. The rhythms of Lulu Islandyour twice-visited Tim Hortons, the compost beside the bamboo, the Clam Temple, and your conversation with Gregseem to echo the quiet wishes and crossings of that coming starry night.
What a voice!
What a wacko!
What a wanker.
What a warm welcome! How did I deserve this?
What a warm welcome! What did I do to deserve that?
What a waste it would be if Tatoeba were to link nothing but sentences.
What a waste of a day!
What a waste of energy!
What a waste of energy.
What a waste of money!
What a waste of money.
What a waste of time!
What a waste of water!
What a waste of your lawyer qualifications!
What a waste to buy such an expensive machine even though he doesn't even know how to use computers.
What a waste to buy such an expensive machine even though he doesnt even know how to use computers.
What a waste!
What a waste.
What a way to begin the day.
What a way to break into someone else's house and establish their own rules here!
What a way to die, huh?
What a way to go!
What a weakling!
What a weird bloke!
What a weird earth!
What a weird guy.
What a weird idea!
What a weird noise!
What a weird song...
What a weird way to ask.
What a weird world!
What a weird-looking place!
What a weirdo!
What a weirdo, right?
What a weirdo.
What a wimp!
What a wise guy.
What a woman says to her passionate lover must be written in the wind and in the swift waters.
What a woman!
What a wonderful book!
What a wonderful concert!
What a wonderful day it was today!
What a wonderful day!
What a wonderful day.
What a wonderful family heirloom!
What a wonderful family!
What a wonderful family.
What a wonderful father Tom was.
What a wonderful gift!
What a wonderful idea!
What a wonderful invention!
What a wonderful lady!
What a wonderful machine!
What a wonderful moment.
What a wonderful morning!
What a wonderful morning! I feel on top of the world.
What a wonderful night for a walk.
What a wonderful night!
What a wonderful party!
What a wonderful present!
What a wonderful present.
What a wonderful sight!
What a wonderful slogan!
What a wonderful surprise!
What a wonderful town!
What a wonderful view!
What a wonderful world we live in!
What a wonderful world!
What a word means cannot be expressed in a sentence.
What a word means, a sentence cannot say.
What a worthy cause!
What a year!
What a zero!
What about Jack?
What about Mary? Shouldn't we invite her too?
What about Portugal?
What about Sami?
What about Tom and Mary?
What about Tom caught your attention?
What about Tom fascinates you?
What about Tom moving in with us?
What about Tom?
What about Tom? Shouldn't we invite him too?
What about Tom? Shouldn't we invite him, too?
What about Ziri's chores?
What about Ziri?
What about a beer?
What about a cup of coffee?
What about a cup of hot coffee?
What about a glass of beer?
What about a picnic?
What about a slice of pizza?
What about a tour together?
What about boys?
What about dessert?
What about doing it right now?
What about eggs? Do we need any?
What about everyone else?
What about farming?
What about girls?
What about going out for a drink this evening?
What about going out for a meal?
What about going to a film tonight?
What about having fish for dinner?
What about her?
What about him?
What about his girlfriend?
What about it?
What about love?
What about me?
What about next Monday?
What about next Sunday?
What about our dance?
What about our future?
What about our safety?
What about putting together a group on Facebook so we can discuss studying foreign languages?
What about that girl over there?
What about that guy over there?
What about that red dress?
What about the carbon tax?
What about the combination of both?
What about the environmental impact?
What about the family of the dying patient?
What about the neighbors?
What about the office?
What about the other one?
What about the others? When will they get here?
What about the price of oil?
What about the rash?
What about the rest of the additions?
What about the tall grass you left over by the cellar door?
What about them?
What about this dress?
What about this fascinates you?
What about this one?
What about those guys, are they students here too?
What about today?
What about tomorrow night?
What about tomorrow?
What about us?
What about visiting Tom?
What about watching the night game on TV?
What about we do it right now?
What about you planting peppers in the forest?
What about you, Tom?
What about you, honey?
What about you?
What about you? Do you trust this man?
What about you? Will you have orange juice, too?
What about your career?
What about your cousin?
What about your exam?
What about your fear of heights?
What about your friends? Can we expect any of them to help us?
What about your manners!
What about your partner's behaviour annoys you?
What about your studies?
What about your wife?
What about?
What accelerates solar energetic particles, which can reach speeds up to more than half the speed of light as they rocket away from the Sun?
What accent have I got?
What accent is that?
What account can you give of your misbehavior?
What accounts for the fact that women outlive men?
What accounts for these symptoms hasn't been discovered yet.
What accounts for these symptoms hasnt been discovered yet.
What accounts for this?
What achievements are you most proud of?
What action did Yanni take?
What action should we take?
What actions are needed to combat climate change effectively?
What actions are you taking?
What actions can I take to make a difference?
What actions can we take for him?
What actions do you take in tough moments?
What activities do you enjoy at the beach?
What activities would you include in your perfect date?
What activity do you spend most of your time doing?
What actors do you like?
What actually happened here?
What actually happened is a bit different from what you said.
What actually happened yesterday?
What actually happened?
What actually happens during food absorption?
What actually is a language?
What actually is time?
What additional thing is in them?
What adjustments do I need to make to get this to work?
What adorable puppies!
What advances have been made in medicine recently?
What advances have there been in preventing and treating anthrax infection?
What advantage did you get from it?
What advantage do they have?
What advantage does Tom have?
What advantages does Tom have?
What advertising seems to you the most ridiculous?
What advice are you going to give her?
What advice can you give him?
What advice can you give me?
What advice can you give them?
What advice did Tom give you?
What advice did you get?
What advice do I give you?
What advice do you have for new converts?
What advice do you have for someone starting their own globetrotting journey?
What advice do you have?
What advice have you received so far?
What advice would you give to new Muslims?
What advice would you give to somebody who wants to convert to Islam?
What advice would you give to someone starting out?
What advice would you give?
What advice would you offer to Muslim converts?
What advice would you offer to a person considering to convert to Islam?
What age are you?
What age do you want to live to?
What age group is your book written for?
What age was she when she first drove a car?
What age was she when she got married?
What ages are your children?
What ails you?
What air defense doing?
What airline?
What album do you want to listen to?
What all are you putting in this?
What all came in the box?
What all have you bought, child?
What alleviates the pain?
What am I able to do?
What am I afraid of? Nothing.
What am I agreeing to?
What am I being accused of?
What am I being arrested for?
What am I being charged with?
What am I being considered for?
What am I but a microscopic and temporary contraction of Infinite Space?
What am I buying?
What am I complaining about?
What am I cooking?
What am I doing here anyway?
What am I doing here on Park Street?
What am I doing here?
What am I doing in this filthy clinic?
What am I doing in this mess?
What am I doing this for?
What am I doing to get what I want out of life?
What am I doing with my life?
What am I doing with the sauce, which is no longer good?
What am I doing wrong?
What am I doing wrong? Can you give me a hint?
What am I doing!
What am I doing?
What am I doing? I don't know.
What am I doing? I'm trying to sleep!
What am I doing?!
What am I drinking?
What am I eating?
What am I expected to do when I get there?
What am I forgetting?
What am I getting arrested for?
What am I getting myself into?
What am I getting?
What am I going to do about Tom?
What am I going to do about it?
What am I going to do now then? I'll just burst into tears.
What am I going to do now?
What am I going to do with a football club exactly?
What am I going to do with all these potatoes?
What am I going to do with my life now?
What am I going to do with rutabagas?
What am I going to do with this?
What am I going to do with three squashes?
What am I going to do with you?
What am I going to do without Tom?
What am I going to do without you?
What am I going to do, Tom?
What am I going to do?
What am I going to do? I can't close my fly.
What am I going to do? I cant close my fly.
What am I going to eat with 20 pesos?
What am I going to find in here?
What am I going to say to Tom?
What am I going to say to her?
What am I going to say to him?
What am I going to say to them?
What am I going to say?
What am I going to tell Tom now?
What am I going to tell Tom?
What am I going to tell her?
What am I going to tell him?
What am I going to tell them?
What am I going to wear?
What am I going to write here?
What am I gonna do here?
What am I gonna do now?
What am I gonna do with his letter?
What am I gonna do with this?
What am I gonna tell Tom?
What am I good for?
What am I hearing now?
What am I hearing!
What am I hearing?
What am I here for?
What am I listening to?
What am I looking at?
What am I missing here?
What am I missing?
What am I obliged to do?
What am I responsible for?
What am I saying here?
What am I seeing?
What am I sitting on?
What am I supposed to be doing?
What am I supposed to be looking for?
What am I supposed to call you?
What am I supposed to dip in the fondue?
What am I supposed to do about that?
What am I supposed to do after I finish doing this?
What am I supposed to do if Tom and Mary come?
What am I supposed to do if Tom comes?
What am I supposed to do if he comes?
What am I supposed to do if my husband doesn't love me anymore?
What am I supposed to do if she comes?
What am I supposed to do next?
What am I supposed to do now?
What am I supposed to do then?
What am I supposed to do there?
What am I supposed to do with him? Dance?
What am I supposed to do with that?
What am I supposed to do with them?
What am I supposed to do with these?
What am I supposed to do with this money?
What am I supposed to do with this?
What am I supposed to do with what you gave me?
What am I supposed to do with you?
What am I supposed to do?
What am I supposed to eat?
What am I supposed to have done?
What am I supposed to regret?
What am I supposed to say to Tom?
What am I supposed to say when he puts it so logically?
What am I supposed to say?
What am I supposed to tell Tom now?
What am I supposed to tell Tom?
What am I supposed to tell her?
What am I supposed to tell him?
What am I supposed to tell them?
What am I supposed to think?
What am I thinking of?
What am I to do next?
What am I to do now?
What am I to do with him? Employ him?
What am I to do with it?
What am I to do?
What am I to you?
What am I up against?
What am I without you?
What am I writing now?
What am I, a detective?
What am I, a waiter?
What am I, chopped liver?
What am I, compared to the universe?
What am I, your maid?
What am I?
What am looking for?
What amount does she need?
What amphibians do people eat?
What an abomination!
What an absurd idea!
What an absurd opinion!
What an absurd question!
What an accomplishment!
What an achievement!
What an acrobat!
What an act!
What an adorable baby!
What an adorable child!
What an adventure!
What an agile guy!
What an airhead John is!
What an airhead!
What an airhead, that guy!
What an amazing coincidence!
What an amazing goal!
What an amazing palace we saw yesterday!
What an amazing story!
What an ambiguous expression!
What an amusing situation!
What an angel!
What an angry guy!
What an angry man!
What an animal it is!
What an annoying child!
What an annoying noise!
What an arsehole.
What an artist dies in me!
What an asshole you are! You don't even deserve an answer.
What an asshole!
What an asshole, he didn't even say hello.
What an asshole.
What an atmosphere!
What an atrocity!
What an attractive woman!
What an awesome deal!
What an awesome family!
What an awful band!
What an awful lot of books you have!
What an awful mess!
What an awful mother!
What an awful predicament.
What an awful report!
What an awful smile.
What an awful tragedy!
What an awful world to live in!
What an awful world we live in!
What an easy problem it is!
What an ego!
What an elegant hat!
What an elegant hat.
What an elegant yacht!
What an eloquent speaker he is!
What an eloquent speaker he is!!
What an embarrassing situation that was!
What an embarrassment!
What an enormity!
What an ensemble!
What an evil figure!
What an evil plan this is!
What an excellent idea!
What an exceptional woman!
What an exciting experience!
What an exciting game!
What an exciting place to live!
What an exciting time to be alive.
What an expensive piano!
What an experience!
What an extensive program!
What an extraordinary woman.
What an eyesore!
What an honor to be included in your profile photo!
What an honour and a privilege.
What an honour!
What an honour.
What an idea!
What an idiot I am!
What an idiot I was to lend her money.
What an idiot I was to lend him money.
What an idiot I was!
What an idiot I was, leaving the shopping bag on top of the car!
What an idiot he was!
What an idiot she was!
What an idiot you are!
What an idiot!
What an idiot! I forgot my keys!
What an idiot.
What an idiotic mistake!
What an idyllic picture!
What an ill-fitting metaphor!
What an imagination!
What an impressive person he is!
What an impressive start!
What an incredible amount of work he has done!
What an incredible day!
What an incredible last three months!
What an incredible show!
What an incredible statement that is.
What an incredible surprise!
What an incredible view!
What an injustice!
What an insane world we live in.
What an insidious assumption!
What an inspiration!
What an inspiring speaker!
What an insult!
What an intelligent woman she is!
What an intelligent woman!
What an intelligent young woman!
What an interesting adventure!
What an interesting anecdote you just told me!
What an interesting book this is!
What an interesting book!
What an interesting choice of words.
What an interesting coincidence.
What an interesting little titbit he told me.
What an interesting novel this is!
What an interesting party!
What an interesting platform.
What an interesting saltshaker!
What an interesting song.
What an interesting story it is!
What an interesting story!
What an interesting theory!
What an introduction!
What an invention!
What an irrelevant question!
What an irritating person!
What an obsession for messing everything up!
What an odd expression!
What an odd feller!
What an oddball he is!
What an old book this is!
What an old grump you are.
What an opportunity!
What an ordeal!
What an original idea!
What an ugly asshole face you have!
What an ugly book cover; it looks like it was made with clip art!
What an ugly carpet!
What an ugly cat.
What an ugly dog!
What an ugly dress!
What an ugly outfit!
What an unexpected pleasure!
What an unexpected surprise!
What an unfailing barrier against vice, immorality and bad habits are those tastes which lead us to embellish a home, to which at all times and in all places we turn with delight, as being the object and the scene of our fondest cares, labours and enjoyments; whose humble roof, whose shady porch, whose verdant lawn and smiling flowers all breathe forth to us, in true, earnest tones, a domestic feeling that at once purifies the heart and binds us more closely to our fellow beings.
What an unfortunate coincidence!
What an unfortunate situation!
What an unlucky boy I am!
What an unlucky girl Layla is.
What an unpleasant fellow!
What an unpleasant surprise!
What an uproar!
What an utter shambles.
What an utter shower.
What analysts say needs to happen is unlikely: two men from different generations, of different temperaments and of different ends of the political spectrum need to come together.
What animal do you like most?
What animal do you see?
What animal do you think is the most dangerous?
What animal is brown?
What animal is it?
What animal is that?
What animal is this?
What animal shapes do you see in the clouds?
What animal would be a fitting mascot for Tatoeba?
What animal would you compare yourself to?
What animals are slower than a snail?
What animals are you afraid of?
What animals do we see in this picture?
What animals do you have on your farm?
What animals do you see at the zoo?
What animals do you see in this picture?
What animals eat mosquitoes?
What animals hibernate?
What animals inhabit those islands?
What anime do you recommend?
What annoys me is that, although I object, she insists on buying it.
What annoys me is the way he boasts about what he's done.
What annoys me is the way he boasts about what hes done.
What annoys us the most about others is what we ourselves have.
What annoys you about your job?
What annoys you about your partner's behaviour?
What annoys you the most?
What another bold idea.
What answer did you come up with for question three?
What answer shall we give to the newborn child who lost his father before he were even born?
What antivirus are you using?
What app do you use to find language exchange partners?
What appeared to be a beach of white sand was, in reality, millions and millions of small white seashells.
What application do you use for drawing?
What approach do you think we should take?
What apps do you use to study French?
What are "kulasy"? It's an old word, it means "legs". I think it comes from the word meaning a person who can't walk: "lame".
What are Algeria's big activities inside the industry sector?
What are Algeria's biggest exported products?
What are Algeria's biggest imported products?
What are Algeria's chief imported services?
What are Algeria's chief strategic priorities?
What are Algeria's climate targets?
What are Algeria's competitive advantages?
What are Algeria's domestic industries?
What are Algeria's economic challenges?
What are Algeria's economic issues?
What are Algeria's economic priorities?
What are Algeria's economic prospects?
What are Algeria's economic strengths and weaknesses?
What are Algeria's economic strengths?
What are Algeria's emerging industries?
What are Algeria's essential interests in the region?
What are Algeria's exports?
What are Algeria's future economic plans?
What are Algeria's geographical challenges?
What are Algeria's growth projections for this year?
What are Algeria's high-skilled exports?
What are Algeria's industries?
What are Algeria's interests in sub-Saharan Africa?
What are Algeria's key industries?
What are Algeria's largest industries?
What are Algeria's legitimate domestic industries?
What are Algeria's macroeconomic problems?
What are Algeria's main GDP generators?
What are Algeria's main agricultural products?
What are Algeria's main challenges?
What are Algeria's main export destinations?
What are Algeria's main export partners?
What are Algeria's main exports?
What are Algeria's main industries?
What are Algeria's major import partners?
What are Algeria's major low-productivity sectors?
What are Algeria's most exported products?
What are Algeria's most exported services?
What are Algeria's most imported products?
What are Algeria's most produced goods in agriculture?
What are Algeria's next steps?
What are Algeria's official languages?
What are Algeria's oil-rich areas?
What are Algeria's plans to recover from COVID-19?
What are Algeria's principal exports?
What are Algeria's proven oil reserves?
What are Algeria's strengths and weaknesses?
What are Algeria's strengths?
What are Algeria's vulnerabilities?
What are Algeria's worst economic indicators?
What are Americans overlooking?
What are Australia's major imports?
What are HAARP systems for?
What are John's duties going to be?
What are Marie's sisters' names?
What are Mark's academic sources?
What are Mary's true intentions?
What are NHS fillings and crowns made of?
What are Rima and Skura cooking?
What are Tom and I doing wrong?
What are Tom and I expected to do when we get there?
What are Tom and I getting ourselves into?
What are Tom and I getting?
What are Tom and I here for?
What are Tom and I missing?
What are Tom and I supposed to be looking for?
What are Tom and I supposed to do about that?
What are Tom and I supposed to do after we finish doing this?
What are Tom and I supposed to do next?
What are Tom and I supposed to do now?
What are Tom and I supposed to do with that?
What are Tom and I supposed to do with these?
What are Tom and I supposed to do with this money?
What are Tom and I supposed to do with this?
What are Tom and I up against?
What are Tom and Mary afraid of?
What are Tom and Mary all dressed up for?
What are Tom and Mary angry about?
What are Tom and Mary arguing about?
What are Tom and Mary baking?
What are Tom and Mary buying?
What are Tom and Mary carrying?
What are Tom and Mary complaining about now?
What are Tom and Mary complaining about?
What are Tom and Mary cooking?
What are Tom and Mary counting?
What are Tom and Mary doing for Christmas?
What are Tom and Mary doing here?
What are Tom and Mary doing in Boston?
What are Tom and Mary doing in here?
What are Tom and Mary doing in the basement?
What are Tom and Mary doing in the kitchen?
What are Tom and Mary doing in the park?
What are Tom and Mary doing in there?
What are Tom and Mary doing later?
What are Tom and Mary doing now?
What are Tom and Mary doing out there?
What are Tom and Mary doing over there?
What are Tom and Mary doing right now?
What are Tom and Mary doing there by themselves?
What are Tom and Mary doing there?
What are Tom and Mary doing these days?
What are Tom and Mary doing this weekend?
What are Tom and Mary doing to help?
What are Tom and Mary doing today?
What are Tom and Mary doing tomorrow night?
What are Tom and Mary doing tomorrow?
What are Tom and Mary doing with that?
What are Tom and Mary doing with those?
What are Tom and Mary doing?
What are Tom and Mary drinking?
What are Tom and Mary eating now?
What are Tom and Mary eating?
What are Tom and Mary even doing here?
What are Tom and Mary fighting about?
What are Tom and Mary getting all excited about?
What are Tom and Mary getting at?
What are Tom and Mary going to do about that?
What are Tom and Mary going to do about this?
What are Tom and Mary going to do for their anniversary?
What are Tom and Mary going to do for us?
What are Tom and Mary going to do next summer?
What are Tom and Mary going to do next?
What are Tom and Mary going to do now?
What are Tom and Mary going to do on Monday?
What are Tom and Mary going to do this weekend?
What are Tom and Mary going to do today?
What are Tom and Mary going to do tomorrow?
What are Tom and Mary going to do with all that money?
What are Tom and Mary going to do with all this?
What are Tom and Mary going to do with that?
What are Tom and Mary going to do?
What are Tom and Mary going to eat?
What are Tom and Mary going to think?
What are Tom and Mary going to wear to the Halloween party?
What are Tom and Mary going to wear to the party?
What are Tom and Mary good at doing?
What are Tom and Mary good at?
What are Tom and Mary here for?
What are Tom and Mary like?
What are Tom and Mary listening to?
What are Tom and Mary looking at?
What are Tom and Mary looking for?
What are Tom and Mary making now?
What are Tom and Mary making?
What are Tom and Mary planning now?
What are Tom and Mary planning on doing after they retire?
What are Tom and Mary planning on doing later?
What are Tom and Mary planning to do after they graduate from college?
What are Tom and Mary planning to do after they retire?
What are Tom and Mary planning to do later?
What are Tom and Mary planning to do?
What are Tom and Mary really like?
What are Tom and Mary referring to?
What are Tom and Mary running from?
What are Tom and Mary scared of?
What are Tom and Mary smiling at?
What are Tom and Mary so angry about?
What are Tom and Mary so curious about?
What are Tom and Mary so happy about?
What are Tom and Mary so mad about?
What are Tom and Mary so nervous about?
What are Tom and Mary so unhappy about?
What are Tom and Mary so upset about?
What are Tom and Mary so worried about?
What are Tom and Mary staring at?
What are Tom and Mary still doing here?
What are Tom and Mary studying?
What are Tom and Mary supposed to do?
What are Tom and Mary talking about?
What are Tom and Mary trying to do?
What are Tom and Mary trying to prove?
What are Tom and Mary up to?
What are Tom and Mary waiting for?
What are Tom and Mary wearing?
What are Tom and Mary working on?
What are Tom and Mary worried about?
What are Tom's brothers' names?
What are Tom's chances of winning?
What are Tom's chances?
What are Tom's children like?
What are Tom's children's names?
What are Tom's credentials?
What are Tom's demands?
What are Tom's hobbies?
What are Tom's main achievements?
What are Tom's motives?
What are Tom's needs?
What are Tom's options now?
What are Tom's options?
What are Tom's parents' names?
What are Tom's plans?
What are Tom's priorities?
What are Tom's pronouns again?
What are Tom's qualifications?
What are Tom's sisters' names?
What are Tom's strengths and weaknesses?
What are Tom's true intentions?
What are Western values?
What are Yanni and Skura talking about?
What are Yanni's values?
What are Ziri and Rima cooking?
What are Ziri's clothes doing here?
What are Ziri's preferences?
What are accessories?
What are aliens looking to get out of me?
What are all the dishes you like?
What are all the foods you enjoy?
What are all the meals you love?
What are all these delivery vans doing here?
What are all these invoices doing here?
What are all these kids doing here?
What are all these monstrosities?
What are all these people still doing here?
What are all these vegetables doing here?
What are all those bruises?
What are all those lights for?
What are angels? Poultry for cannibals.
What are arpeggios?
What are binaural beats?
What are birds?
What are bruises?
What are carbohydrates?
What are chords?
What are circadian rhythms?
What are cis and trans isomers?
What are conservatives so interested in conserving? Misogyny, racism, and heterosexism.
What are contractions?
What are cookies?
What are crawfish?
What are customs?
What are daisies?
What are dentures, bridges, veneers and dental implants made of?
What are dentures?
What are discourse markers?
What are earlobes for?
What are figs good for?
What are foster families like?
What are friends for?
What are her initials?
What are her motives?
What are her plans for the weekend?
What are her true intentions?
What are hieroglyphics?
What are his habits?
What are his initials?
What are his official job duties?
What are his options in this situation?
What are his strong suits?
What are his true intentions?
What are hormones?
What are humans doing!!
What are hyenas laughing at?
What are hymenoptera?
What are keys made of?
What are kids doing in strip clubs?
What are lectins?
What are little boys made of? Snips and snails and puppy dog tails.
What are little girls made of? Sugar and spice and everything nice.
What are loquat leaves used for?
What are marshmallows?
What are mites?
What are my chances of surviving?
What are my chances?
What are my choices?
What are my grandparents doing right now?
What are my grandparents doing?
What are my options for treatment?
What are my options?
What are my orders?
What are my responsibilities?
What are my rights?
What are my strengths?
What are my tasks?
What are nabemono like?
What are names, anyway?
What are or will be the consequences?
What are our chances of succeeding?
What are our chances of success?
What are our chances?
What are our closest animal relatives?
What are our losses?
What are our main challenges?
What are our most urgent needs?
What are our options for dinner?
What are our options here?
What are our options?
What are our orders?
What are our other options?
What are our plans for today?
What are our prospects of success?
What are our thoughts on this?
What are pelvic floor exercises?
What are people going to think of Sami?
What are people going to think of us now?
What are people saying?
What are polymers?
What are quarks made of?
What are side effects?
What are some Algeria's largest industries?
What are some books that you think all of your friends have probably read?
What are some books that you've read more than once?
What are some common dog names in your country?
What are some common mistakes that non-native speakers make?
What are some countries you have visited?
What are some culture shocks you experienced in Germany?
What are some cute girl hairstyles?
What are some cute hairstyles for girls?
What are some differences between dogs and wolves?
What are some foods commonly eaten in America?
What are some foods commonly eaten in Australia?
What are some foods commonly eaten in the United States?
What are some foods that you eat every day or almost every day?
What are some foods with antiviral properties?
What are some foods you can eat to lower your cholesterol?
What are some foods you only eat in the evening?
What are some foods you shouldn't eat if you are pregnant?
What are some foods you shouldnt eat if you are pregnant?
What are some foods you usually eat with a knife and fork?
What are some foods you usually eat with a spoon?
What are some foods you usually eat with chopsticks?
What are some foods you usually eat with red wine?
What are some foods you usually eat with soy sauce?
What are some foods you usually eat with your children?
What are some foods you usually eat with your fingers?
What are some fun ways to study French?
What are some good Brazilian movies?
What are some good French movies?
What are some good German movies?
What are some good Israeli movies?
What are some good Portuguese movies?
What are some good Spanish movies?
What are some good books to read?
What are some good foods to eat with potatoes?
What are some good pickup lines?
What are some good questions to ask before writing an essay? Boissiere said all students should ask about the style, format and purpose.
What are some good sources of protein?
What are some good ways to break a bad habit?
What are some good ways to catch mice?
What are some good ways to get better at speaking French?
What are some good ways to keep from snoring?
What are some good ways to reduce stress?
What are some good ways to stay motivated?
What are some high cholesterol foods that you can easily avoid eating?
What are some interesting things to do in Boston?
What are some movies that you've watched more than once?
What are some of Algeria's technological shortfalls?
What are some of Australia's main exports?
What are some of Australia's major exports?
What are some of Bouteflika's numerous achievements?
What are some of Tom's favorite songs?
What are some of the advantages?
What are some of the benefits of waking up early?
What are some of the benefits?
What are some of the common side effects of Lipitor?
What are some of the differences between American English and British English?
What are some of the differences between American and British English?
What are some of the differences between Yiddish and German?
What are some of the differences between a dictatorship and a monarchy?
What are some of the differences between basketball and volleyball?
What are some of the differences between dictatorships and monarchies?
What are some of the differences between sweet potatoes and yams?
What are some of the difficulties you face in your work?
What are some of the difficulties you've overcome so far in quitting smoking?
What are some of the disadvantages?
What are some of the fun things you do as a family?
What are some of the health benefits of eating fish?
What are some of the main features?
What are some of the main tourist attractions in your country?
What are some of the most popular foods eaten in Spain?
What are some of the most useful things you own?
What are some of the other options?
What are some of the other possibilities?
What are some of the possible side effects of this drug?
What are some of the possible side effects of this medicine?
What are some of the side effects of chemotherapy?
What are some of the side effects of quitting smoking cold turkey?
What are some of the side effects of this drug?
What are some of the ways Chaoui differs from Kabyle?
What are some of the ways Norwegian differs from Danish?
What are some of the ways Shawiya differs from Kabyle?
What are some of your bad habits?
What are some of your favorite French wines?
What are some of your favorite TV programs?
What are some of your favorite TV shows?
What are some of your favorite foods?
What are some of your favorite movies?
What are some of your favorite programs?
What are some of your favorite quotes?
What are some of your favorite things to do?
What are some of your favorite things?
What are some of your favourite foods?
What are some of your hobbies?
What are some of your leadership experiences?
What are some of your other hobbies?
What are some other nabemono?
What are some positive things your last boss would say about you?
What are some possible solutions?
What are some reasons you should see a cardiologist?
What are some similarities among ethnic groups?
What are some tasty foods that would go well with potatoes?
What are some things I can do to improve my French?
What are some things that Tom can do that you can't do?
What are some things that Tom can do that you can't?
What are some things that annoy you?
What are some things that you and Tom have in common?
What are some things that you aren't good at doing?
What are some things that you can do well?
What are some things that you don't enjoy doing but have to do?
What are some things that you enjoy doing?
What are some things that you're good at?
What are some things you and Tom have in common?
What are some things you are passionate about?
What are some things you can't do well?
What are some things you do every day?
What are some things you don't like doing?
What are some things you don't like to do?
What are some things you enjoy doing?
What are some things you like about your hometown?
What are some things you plan to do next weekend?
What are some things you want to teach your children?
What are some things you're good at?
What are some ways to reduce carbon emissions?
What are some ways you can lower your blood pressure without medication?
What are some wedding traditions in your country?
What are spores?
What are the Germans like?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being young?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of milk cotton yarn?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of owning a dog?
What are the advantages and drawbacks of this method?
What are the advantages of cycling?
What are the advantages of eating seasonal fruit?
What are the advantages of living alone?
What are the advantages of this technology?
What are the advantages?
What are the alternatives to imprisonment?
What are the alternatives?
What are the animals that you can see in this picture?
What are the arguments for and against the death penalty?
What are the banking hours?
What are the basic rules for keeping a dog?
What are the basic tenets of Islam?
What are the basics?
What are the benefits of dates?
What are the benefits of making a shopping list?
What are the benefits of massage?
What are the benefits of smiling?
What are the benefits of therapeutic fasting?
What are the benefits of your method?
What are the benefits of zucchini?
What are the benefits?
What are the best diapers to buy?
What are the best tech stocks to buy now?
What are the best ways to study languages?
What are the biggest challenges?
What are the business hours?
What are the causes of among the people?
What are the causes of the greenhouse effect?
What are the causes?
What are the challenges Algeria faces?
What are the challenges faced by a new Muslim in the West?
What are the challenges that Muslim converts have?
What are the chances I'll actually get the job?
What are the chances Tom will actually come?
What are the chances Tom will actually get the job?
What are the chances Tom will do that?
What are the chances Tom would do that?
What are the chances Tom would want to do that?
What are the chances in a war that you get shot?
What are the chances of that happening?
What are the chances of this ever happening again?
What are the chances that I'll actually get the job?
What are the chances that Tom will actually come?
What are the chances that Tom will actually get the job?
What are the chances that Tom will be there?
What are the chances that Tom will do that?
What are the chances that Tom would do that?
What are the chances that Tom would want to do that?
What are the chances that we'll have a white Christmas?
What are the chances that you will be there?
What are the chances we'll have a white Christmas?
What are the chances you get hit by a bomb?
What are the chances?
What are the charges against Tom?
What are the charges in this hotel?
What are the children afraid of?
What are the children doing in the garden?
What are the children doing? Are they sleeping or playing?
What are the children playing with?
What are the children reading now?
What are the children reading?
What are the choices that I have?
What are the choices?
What are the club rules?
What are the colors in your nation's flag?
What are the common attributes of your highest achievers?
What are the company's strengths and weaknesses?
What are the concepts and institutions that give you identity?
What are the conditions?
What are the consequences of colonization in Algeria?
What are the constituents of a gin and tonic?
What are the criteria you use to weed out undesirable candidates?
What are the current problems Algeria is facing?
What are the dates?
What are the differences between African and Asian elephants?
What are the differences between a native speaker's English and textbook English?
What are the differences between dogs and wolves?
What are the differences between hurling and camogie?
What are the differences between monarchies and dictatorships?
What are the differences between tempeh and oncom?
What are the differences?
What are the different formats of academic papers?
What are the different forms of academic writing?
What are the different options?
What are the different parts of an academic paper?
What are the different treatment options available?
What are the different treatment options for lower back pain?
What are the different treatment options?
What are the difficulties that new Muslims usually experience?
What are the dimensions of the room?
What are the disadvantages?
What are the doctor's consultation hours?
What are the doctor's office hours?
What are the doctor's surgery hours?
What are the drawbacks of this approach?
What are the drivers doing in the meeting room?
What are the ethnic origins of the Berbers?
What are the exact dimensions of this room?
What are the expectations?
What are the facts?
What are the fears for the people in Algeria?
What are the features of academic writing?
What are the first five letters of your email?
What are the five first letters of your e-mail address?
What are the five pillars of Islam?
What are the five senses?
What are the flowers for?
What are the forms of "to be"?
What are the four major golf tournaments comparable to the ones in tennis?
What are the four seasons of the year?
What are the gender-neutral relative pronouns to refer to people?
What are the genetic origins of Berbers?
What are the grounds for denial?
What are the growth habits of ivy?
What are the health benefits of figs?
What are the health benefits of losing weight?
What are the health effects of tear gas?
What are the health risks of smoking?
What are the hidden truths behind the Palestinian conflict that the world needs to know?
What are the implications of Medea's words?
What are the industrial applications of boron?
What are the ingredients for happiness?
What are the ingredients for sukiyaki?
What are the ingredients of a happy life?
What are the ingredients?
What are the instruments of a symphony orchestra?
What are the key economic indicators of Algeria?
What are the kids afraid of?
What are the limits of human knowledge?
What are the limits of science?
What are the local laws on livestock?
What are the local specialties?
What are the lyrics to that song?
What are the lyrics?
What are the main attractions?
What are the main characteristics of mammals?
What are the main differences between a physical therapist and an occupational therapist?
What are the main drivers of development in Algeria?
What are the main eras of Algeria's history?
What are the main points of Medea's address?
What are the main problems that Algeria faces?
What are the main products of this country?
What are the main reasons behind these negative concomitants?
What are the main sights around here?
What are the main weaknesses of the Algerian economy?
What are the manufactured goods Algeria exports?
What are the marks that distinguish the cultured man?
What are the materials that absorb water?
What are the materials?
What are the meal hours?
What are the measurements of the shelf?
What are the measures of time?
What are the men doing?
What are the men drinking?
What are the minimum requirements?
What are the mistakes that people make at work?
What are the mods doing?
What are the most beautiful sentences in life for you?
What are the most commonly used swear words in Dutch?
What are the most difficult things to draw?
What are the most effective ways to manage a crisis?
What are the most frequent words in this language?
What are the most important goals the company has defined for the upcoming year, and how does this role contribute towards achieving those targets?
What are the most important places of interest?
What are the most popular sports in your country?
What are the most sneezes you've done in a row?
What are the names of Tom's children?
What are the names of the Great Lakes in the local indigenous languages?
What are the names of the twelve months of the year?
What are the names of your other best friends?
What are the neighbors doing?
What are the neighbours doing?
What are the next steps?
What are the nonstop flights from Cincinnati to Charlotte leaving after noon and arriving before 7 pm?
What are the nutritional benefits of figs?
What are the nutritional values of the product?
What are the obstacles to overcome to build a colony on Mars?
What are the odds of that happening again?
What are the odds of that happening twice in a row?
What are the odds of that happening?
What are the odds of that?
What are the odds of this working?
What are the odds?
What are the oldest living animals in the world?
What are the options available to Algeria?
What are the options?
What are the origins of Berbers?
What are the origins of the Olympics?
What are the origins of the universe?
What are the other birds?
What are the other choices?
What are the other men doing?
What are the others doing?
What are the penalties for lying under oath?
What are the people complaining about?
What are the phases of the moon called?
What are the points of interest here?
What are the police doing outside?
What are the pollinators of heathers?
What are the positive aspects?
What are the positive sides?
What are the positives?
What are the possibilities?
What are the possible side effects of this medication?
What are the possible side effects?
What are the practical benefits of learning Berber?
What are the prerequisites for a child to learn the piano?
What are the productivity levels of Algeria's service sector?
What are the products Algeria can export to the EU?
What are the products Algeria exports to the EU?
What are the professional services that Algeria imports?
What are the pros and cons of being young?
What are the pros and cons of hitchhiking?
What are the pros and cons of technology?
What are the pros and cons when it comes to languages studying?
What are the pros and cons?
What are the prospects for his recovery?
What are the prospects?
What are the real figures?
What are the real reasons behind this?
What are the reasons behind the Algerian political crisis?
What are the reasons of the stagnation of Algeria's economy?
What are the reasons that lead the country into a black hole?
What are the reasons you did what you did?
What are the rebel groups hoping to achieve?
What are the red flags of abuse?
What are the requirements that have to be met to join this club?
What are the rest of you going to do?
What are the risks of MRSA during pregnancy?
What are the risks of group B streptococcus (GBS) infection during pregnancy?
What are the risks of toxoplasmosis during pregnancy?
What are the risks?
What are the rooms like?
What are the rules again?
What are the rules of engagement?
What are the rules of the game?
What are the rules of the group?
What are the rules of this group?
What are the rules?
What are the sectors that the Algerian government wants to encourage foreign investment in?
What are the seven seas?
What are the side effects of this drug?
What are the side effects of this medication?
What are the side effects of this medicine?
What are the side effects?
What are the similarities between Algeria and Venezuela?
What are the similarities?
What are the soil requirements to grow an ivy indoors?
What are the sources of happiness?
What are the specials for today?
What are the spiders like in Russia?
What are the steps you need to take to get from here to there?
What are the streets?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of Algeria?
What are the symptoms of a mental illness?
What are the symptoms of cat scratch fever?
What are the symptoms of meningitis?
What are the symptoms of mushroom poisoning?
What are the symptoms?
What are the teachers doing?
What are the terms of the contract?
What are the themes of your poetry collection?
What are the things that make Algeria famous?
What are the things that make Yanni happy?
What are the things you control?
What are the things you don't like about Algeria?
What are the things you love about Mennad?
What are the things you love about yourself?
What are the things you're passionate about?
What are the three largest cities in Australia?
What are the three possibilities?
What are the twelve months of the year?
What are the two of you doing?
What are the two of you planning to do?
What are the underlying causes of Algeria's economic crisis?
What are the units of time?
What are the usual storylines behind a typical dog dream?
What are the visiting hours?
What are the weaknesses of Algeria?
What are the words Ziri needs to know to become conversational in Berber?
What are the world's three most frequently performed operas?
What are the zeros of this parabola?
What are their findings?
What are their hours?
What are their motives?
What are their names?
What are their plans for the weekend?
What are their policies?
What are their qualifications?
What are their rights?
What are their true intentions?
What are their weaknesses?
What are then the deeds of men in the face of eternity?
