Tom works as a used car salesman.
Tom works as a waiter at a restaurant near his house.
Tom works as a waiter.
Tom works as a window cleaner.
Tom works as a window washer.
Tom works as an acupuncturist.
Tom works as an animal trainer.
Tom works as an announcer on television.
Tom works as an architect.
Tom works as an associate at Walmart.
Tom works as an electrician.
Tom works as an elephant trainer in a circus.
Tom works as an engineer in the aviation industry.
Tom works as an intern.
Tom works as an interpreter.
Tom works as an undertaker.
Tom works as hard as Mary does.
Tom works as hard as Mary.
Tom works as hard as any boy in the class.
Tom works as hard as anybody else does.
Tom works as hard as anybody else.
Tom works as hard as he used to.
Tom works as hard as the rest of his family.
Tom works as many hours as I do.
Tom works at Chuck's Diner now.
Tom works at Chuck's Diner.
Tom works at Harvard.
Tom works at John's hotel as a concierge.
Tom works at Macca's.
Tom works at Mary's realty company.
Tom works at McDonald's.
Tom works at Mickey D's.
Tom works at a bank.
Tom works at a bomb factory.
Tom works at a bookstore.
Tom works at a cafe as a barista.
Tom works at a call center.
Tom works at a car wash.
Tom works at a computer company in Boston.
Tom works at a convenience store near my house.
Tom works at a convenience store.
Tom works at a diner.
Tom works at a drug store.
Tom works at a drugstore.
Tom works at a fast-food restaurant.
Tom works at a hardware store.
Tom works at a harm reduction clinic.
Tom works at a hospital near here.
Tom works at a hospital.
Tom works at a hotel in Boston.
Tom works at a large department store.
Tom works at a library.
Tom works at a local bike shop.
Tom works at a local coffee shop.
Tom works at a local food bank.
Tom works at a local hospital.
Tom works at a local restaurant.
Tom works at a meat packing plant.
Tom works at a mortgage brokerage.
Tom works at a movie theater concession stand.
Tom works at a museum not too far from here.
Tom works at a museum.
Tom works at a music store.
Tom works at a nearby hospital.
Tom works at a nearby restaurant.
Tom works at a nuclear plant.
Tom works at a paint company.
Tom works at a pawn shop.
Tom works at a pet store.
Tom works at a pizzeria.
Tom works at a popular hotel.
Tom works at a record store.
Tom works at a restaurant not far from here.
Tom works at a restaurant on Park Street.
Tom works at a restaurant.
Tom works at a ski resort.
Tom works at a ski resort. He's in charge of making the snow.
Tom works at a ski resort. He's in charge of making the snowmen.
Tom works at a skilled nursing facility.
Tom works at a store not too far from where he lives.
Tom works at a store that isn't too far from where he lives.
Tom works at a store that's not too far from where he lives.
Tom works at a super secret government facility.
Tom works at a supermarket.
Tom works at a winery.
Tom works at an Italian restaurant.
Tom works at an art gallery.
Tom works at an insurance company.
Tom works at customs.
Tom works at home.
Tom works at night and Mary works during the day, so they seldom see each other.
Tom works at night and sleeps during day.
Tom works at night and sleeps during the day.
Tom works at night.
Tom works at one of the city's most popular restaurants.
Tom works at one of the most popular restaurants in town.
Tom works at our Boston office.
Tom works at the Canadian embassy.
Tom works at the Ministry of Culture.
Tom works at the PTO as an examiner.
Tom works at the Romanian embassy in Paris.
Tom works at the bank that I use.
Tom works at the construction site.
Tom works at the convenience store near my house.
Tom works at the convenience store near where I live.
Tom works at the corner store.
Tom works at the daycare center where I leave my children.
Tom works at the hospital near my house.
Tom works at the largest department store in town.
Tom works at the library.
Tom works at the local supermarket.
Tom works at the mill.
Tom works at the post office.
Tom works at the same company as you do, doesn't he?
Tom works at the school where Mary teaches.
Tom works at the steel mill.
Tom works at the store across the street from his house.
Tom works at the supermarket.
Tom works at the town museum.
Tom works at the welfare office.
Tom works at this clinic.
Tom works by the sweat of his brow.
Tom works construction.
Tom works day and night.
Tom works diligently.
Tom works downtown.
Tom works during the day, but at night he translates articles from foreign magazines.
Tom works eight hours a day, five days a week.
Tom works eight hours a day.
Tom works every day but Monday.
Tom works every day but Sunday.
Tom works every day except Monday.
Tom works every day except Sunday.
Tom works fast.
Tom works for Mary's father.
Tom works for Mary.
Tom works for NASA.
Tom works for NPR.
Tom works for Scotland Yard.
Tom works for a Canadian company.
Tom works for a German company.
Tom works for a Japanese company.
Tom works for a bank.
Tom works for a big advertising firm in Boston.
Tom works for a big department store.
Tom works for a big insurance company.
Tom works for a coal mining company.
Tom works for a company that makes automobile parts.
Tom works for a company that sells bricks.
Tom works for a company that sells building materials.
Tom works for a company that sells charcoal.
Tom works for a computer company.
Tom works for a construction company.
Tom works for a credit card company.
Tom works for a food bank.
Tom works for a hospital.
Tom works for a large bank.
Tom works for a large company.
Tom works for a large factory.
Tom works for a large financial institution.
Tom works for a large firm.
Tom works for a living.
Tom works for a long-term care facility.
Tom works for a non-profit organization.
Tom works for a non-profit.
Tom works for a pharmaceutical company.
Tom works for a small company.
Tom works for a startup.
Tom works for a tech company in Silicon Valley.
Tom works for a tech company.
Tom works for a think tank.
Tom works for a trading company in Australia.
Tom works for a trading company in Boston.
Tom works for a translation agency.
Tom works for a well-known company.
Tom works for an American company.
Tom works for an Australian company.
Tom works for an Italian company.
Tom works for an NGO in Africa.
Tom works for an advertising agency.
Tom works for an animal sanctuary.
Tom works for an insurance company.
Tom works for an international organization.
Tom works for an oil company.
Tom works for himself.
Tom works for his father's company.
Tom works for his uncle now.
Tom works for me as my private secretary.
Tom works for me now.
Tom works for me.
Tom works for short spells now and then.
Tom works for the Australian embassy.
Tom works for the Environmental Protection Agency.
Tom works for the Extraterrestrial Deportation Service.
Tom works for the FBI.
Tom works for the IRS.
Tom works for the United Nations.
Tom works for the WHO.
Tom works for the World Health Organization.
Tom works for the bank. He has a lot of debt.
Tom works for the government.
Tom works for the phone company.
Tom works for the public defender's office.
Tom works for us.
Tom works forty hours a week.
Tom works four days a week but gets paid for five.
Tom works from dawn to dusk.
Tom works from early in the morning until late at night every day.
Tom works from early in the morning until late at night.
Tom works from home on Wednesday.
Tom works from home.
Tom works from nine to five.
Tom works from very early in the morning until late at night.
Tom works full time.
Tom works full-time.
Tom works hard all the time.
Tom works hard and earns a lot.
Tom works hard and plays hard.
Tom works hard at his job.
Tom works hard at it.
Tom works hard every day.
Tom works hard for us.
Tom works hard to achieve his dreams.
Tom works hard to get good grades.
Tom works hard to keep his family fed.
Tom works hard, and so does Mary.
Tom works hard, so his parents are proud of him.
Tom works hard.
Tom works harder now than he did last year.
Tom works harder than anyone else does.
Tom works harder than anyone else.
Tom works harder than he used to.
Tom works harder than the rest of us.
Tom works here almost every day.
Tom works here in Australia.
Tom works here, too.
Tom works here.
Tom works his butt off.
Tom works illegally in the U.S.
Tom works in Australia now.
Tom works in Australia.
Tom works in Boston, doesn't he?
Tom works in Boston.
Tom works in Silicon Valley.
Tom works in Singapore for a London-based company.
Tom works in Washington, DC.
Tom works in a bakery, doesn't he?
Tom works in a bakery.
Tom works in a bank now.
Tom works in a bank.
Tom works in a bicycle shop.
Tom works in a bookshop.
Tom works in a call center.
Tom works in a car factory.
Tom works in a coffee shop.
Tom works in a convenience store.
Tom works in a correctional facility.
Tom works in a cubicle.
Tom works in a department store.
Tom works in a factory and my other son works in a bank.
Tom works in a factory.
Tom works in a fast food joint.
Tom works in a flower shop on Park Street.
Tom works in a garden center.
Tom works in a gift shop.
Tom works in a hit-or-miss fashion.
Tom works in a hospital.
Tom works in a lab.
Tom works in a lumber yard.
Tom works in a music store.
Tom works in a nursery.
Tom works in a nursing home.
Tom works in a pasta factory.
Tom works in a pawn shop.
Tom works in a sawmill.
Tom works in a shoe warehouse doing his best to support the family.
Tom works in a soup kitchen.
Tom works in a store.
Tom works in a supermarket.
Tom works in a windowless office.
Tom works in a woodyard.
Tom works in accounting.
Tom works in advertising.
Tom works in agriculture.
Tom works in an office.
Tom works in an open office.
Tom works in archaeology.
Tom works in archeology.
Tom works in construction.
Tom works in marketing.
Tom works in middle management.
Tom works in my building.
Tom works in our Boston office.
Tom works in public relations.
Tom works in research and development.
Tom works in retail.
Tom works in the Bay area.
Tom works in the State Department.
Tom works in the accounting department.
Tom works in the accounts department of a medium-sized company.
Tom works in the building directly opposite where the siege is taking place, and could clearly see a gunman in the cafe together with a number of hostages.
Tom works in the building industry.
Tom works in the building trade.
Tom works in the film industry.
Tom works in the front lines.
Tom works in the kitchen.
Tom works in the laboratory.
Tom works in the laundry room at a hotel in Boston.
Tom works in the morning.
Tom works in the registrar's office of his alma mater.
Tom works in the stockroom.
Tom works in the tallest building in the city.
Tom works in this building, too.
Tom works in this building.
Tom works indoors.
Tom works late.
Tom works like a dog.
Tom works long hours and comes home exhausted.
Tom works long hours at the oil refinery.
Tom works long hours.
Tom works mainly as a freelancer.
Tom works methodically.
Tom works more diligently now.
Tom works more hours than anyone else in the office.
Tom works near here.
Tom works nearby.
Tom works next door to an insurance brokerage.
Tom works nights.
Tom works on Monday as well.
Tom works on Mondays.
Tom works on Park Street.
Tom works on Sundays, too.
Tom works on Sundays.
Tom works on Wall Street.
Tom works on a 300-acre Christmas tree farm.
Tom works on a farm not far from here.
Tom works on a farm not so far from here.
Tom works on a farm not too far from here.
Tom works on a mussel farm.
Tom works on a sheep farm.
Tom works on a tugboat.
Tom works on an assembly line.
Tom works on an oil rig.
Tom works on commission.
Tom works on his own.
Tom works on the land.
Tom works on the other side of town.
Tom works on the third floor.
Tom works on the underground base of CIA in Switzerland.
Tom works out a lot.
Tom works out at the gym near his house.
Tom works out at the gym two to three times a week.
Tom works out every day.
Tom works out in a gym near his house.
Tom works out of his home.
Tom works out regularly.
Tom works out with his father.
Tom works outside.
Tom works part-time after school.
Tom works part-time as a bartender.
Tom works part-time as a limousine driver.
Tom works part-time at a supermarket.
Tom works part-time in a bookstore.
Tom works part-time.
Tom works quickly.
Tom works really hard.
Tom works remotely.
Tom works six days a week but gets paid for five.
Tom works six days a week but only gets paid for five.
Tom works six days a week.
Tom works sixty hours a week.
Tom works sloppily.
Tom works slowly.
Tom works somewhere downtown.
Tom works strange hours.
Tom works the evening shift.
Tom works the late shift.
Tom works the midnight shift.
Tom works the night shift.
Tom works there.
Tom works three jobs.
Tom works too hard.
Tom works too much.
Tom works two jobs.
Tom works under me.
Tom works until midnight three days a week.
Tom works us too hard.
Tom works very hard, but not as hard as Mary.
Tom works very hard.
Tom works very slowly.
Tom works with Mary sometimes.
Tom works with Mary.
Tom works with chimpanzees at the zoo.
Tom works with his dad.
Tom works with his father.
Tom works with his hands.
Tom works with me.
Tom works with mentally handicapped adults.
Tom works with my father.
Tom works with power tools.
Tom works with religious devotion.
Tom works with us.
Tom works.
Tom worried about Mary's safety.
Tom worried about Mary.
Tom worried about his life.
Tom worried about me.
Tom worried about whether he had enough money to pay for such a nice meal.
Tom worried that warfare was really a form of eugenics secretly agreed upon by opposing rulers.
Tom worries a lot about money.
Tom worries about Mary too much.
Tom worries about Mary.
Tom worries about everything.
Tom worries about his children's future.
Tom worries about his children.
Tom worries about his future.
Tom worries about his mother.
Tom worries about his weight.
Tom worries about how Mary will make ends meet.
Tom worries about making mistakes at work.
Tom worries about security.
Tom worries about the health of his loved ones.
Tom worries constantly about money.
Tom worries me.
Tom worries too much about Mary.
Tom worries too much about his children.
Tom worries too much about what people think about him.
Tom worries too much.
Tom worries us most.
Tom worries us.
Tom worships Mary.
Tom worships the ground Mary walks on.
Tom would accept.
Tom would agree to do that.
Tom would agree with me.
Tom would agree with that.
Tom would agree.
Tom would always do that.
Tom would always say that.
Tom would appreciate that.
Tom would approve.
Tom would back me up if he was here.
Tom would be a better teacher if he were more patient.
Tom would be a fool not to do that.
Tom would be a fool to do that.
Tom would be a formidable opponent.
Tom would be a good butler.
Tom would be a good choice.
Tom would be a good teacher.
Tom would be a really good coach.
Tom would be able to do that if he put his mind to it.
Tom would be able to do that if he really wanted to.
Tom would be able to do that if he tried.
Tom would be able to do that.
Tom would be able to explain everything to you much better than I could.
Tom would be able to fix that quickly.
Tom would be able to help me if he were here.
Tom would be able to teach Mary French.
Tom would be alive today if he hadn't died.
Tom would be alive today if he'd been more careful.
Tom would be almost handsome if he got a haircut.
Tom would be angry if we ate all the cookies.
Tom would be arrested if he did that.
Tom would be ashamed to do that.
Tom would be awful at doing that.
Tom would be bad at doing that.
Tom would be better.
Tom would be crazy to agree to do that.
Tom would be crazy to do that.
Tom would be crazy to leave.
Tom would be cute if he did that.
Tom would be delighted.
Tom would be disappointed if Mary did that.
Tom would be disappointed if Mary didn't do that.
Tom would be disappointed if he saw you do that.
Tom would be disappointed if he saw you doing that.
Tom would be disappointed if you did that.
Tom would be disappointed if you didn't do that.
Tom would be disappointed if you didn't eat what he cooked.
Tom would be done doing that by now if he'd started earlier.
Tom would be embarrassed on your behalf.
Tom would be embarrassed.
Tom would be exhausted if he did that.
Tom would be fined if he did that.
Tom would be finished doing that by now if he'd started earlier.
Tom would be fired if he did that.
Tom would be fired if he didn't do that.
Tom would be foolish not to do that.
Tom would be foolish to do that.
Tom would be forgiven if he did that.
Tom would be furious if he knew what you did.
Tom would be furious if he knew.
Tom would be glad to hear that.
Tom would be good at it.
Tom would be grateful if you could do that for him.
Tom would be happy doing that.
Tom would be happy to help you, I'm sure.
Tom would be happy to know that you've finally come.
Tom would be happy to know you've finally come.
Tom would be healthier if he didn't eat so much junk food.
Tom would be here doing that now if he didn't have to be in Australia.
Tom would be here doing that now if he didn't have to be in Boston.
Tom would be here if he could be.
Tom would be hurt if you said that.
Tom would be impressed if Mary did that.
Tom would be impressed if you could do that.
Tom would be impressed if you did that.
Tom would be impressed if you were able to do that.
Tom would be impressed.
Tom would be in Australia now if he could be.
Tom would be in Boston now if he could be.
Tom would be interested in doing that.
Tom would be interested in hearing that, I think.
Tom would be interested in hearing you sing, I think.
Tom would be jealous.
Tom would be mad.
Tom would be miserable doing that.
Tom would be my first choice.
Tom would be nervous doing that.
Tom would be parched.
Tom would be perfect for this job.
Tom would be pleased to see us together.
Tom would be pleased.
Tom would be proud of me.
Tom would be proud of us.
Tom would be proud of you.
Tom would be proud.
Tom would be punished if he did that.
Tom would be quiet doing that.
Tom would be reluctant to do that for Mary.
Tom would be reluctant to do that.
Tom would be so disappointed.
Tom would be so happy.
Tom would be so proud of you.
Tom would be so proud.
Tom would be stupid to leave Mary alone.
Tom would be surprised if Mary couldn't do that.
Tom would be surprised if Mary did that.
Tom would be surprised if Mary said that.
Tom would be surprised if Mary won the race.
Tom would be surprised if he saw Mary doing that.
Tom would be surprised if we were able to do that.
Tom would be surprised if you did that.
Tom would be surprised if you didn't do that.
Tom would be terrible at doing that.
Tom would be terribly disappointed if we didn't go to his party.
Tom would be there for me.
Tom would be through doing that by now if he'd started earlier.
Tom would be tough to replace.
Tom would be upset if he saw you doing that.
Tom would be very disappointed if Mary did that.
Tom would be very disappointed if Mary didn't do that.
Tom would be very disappointed if he saw you do that.
Tom would be very disappointed if he saw you doing that.
Tom would be very disappointed if you did that.
Tom would be very disappointed if you didn't do that.
Tom would be very disappointed if you didn't eat the salad that he made.
Tom would be very happy if you did that.
Tom would be very interested in getting a guitar like that one.
Tom would be very pleased.
Tom would be very proud of you.
Tom would be very surprised if Mary did that.
Tom would be very upset if that happened.
Tom would be warm if he wore his new coat.
Tom would be willing to do that for Mary.
Tom would be willing to do that.
Tom would care.
Tom would certainly agree.
Tom would certainly appreciate it.
Tom would certainly be surprised if he saw you doing that.
Tom would certainly do that if you asked him to.
Tom would certainly have helped you, if he could have.
Tom would certainly have helped you, if he could've.
Tom would certainly know how to do that.
Tom would certainly know.
Tom would classify it as a great book.
Tom would come home late at night, completely drunk.
Tom would come to Boston with Mary if he didn't have to work all next week.
Tom would cry every time his father would leave the room.
Tom would cry if he saw this damage.
Tom would cry if he saw this movie.
Tom would cry if he saw this.
Tom would cry if he saw you doing that.
Tom would cry if that happened.
Tom would cry.
Tom would defend me.
Tom would deny that, I'm pretty sure.
Tom would describe the house as small.
Tom would die for you.
Tom would do almost anything for money.
Tom would do almost anything to make Mary happy.
Tom would do anything Mary asked him to do.
Tom would do anything for Mary.
Tom would do anything for his sister, Mary.
Tom would do anything for me.
Tom would do anything for money.
Tom would do anything for us.
Tom would do anything for you.
Tom would do anything to get Mary back.
Tom would do anything to get Mary's attention.
Tom would do anything to get what he thinks he needs.
Tom would do anything to get what he wants.
Tom would do anything to keep Mary happy.
Tom would do anything to make Mary happy.
Tom would do anything to make his wish come true.
Tom would do anything to not have to do that.
Tom would do anything to protect Mary.
Tom would do anything to win.
Tom would do anything you ask him to do.
Tom would do it all again.
Tom would do it differently.
Tom would do it in a different way.
Tom would do it.
Tom would do just about anything for money.
Tom would do just about anything to please Mary.
Tom would do practically anything to keep Mary happy.
Tom would do practically anything to make Mary happy.
Tom would do that again if Mary asked him to.
Tom would do that again if he had to.
Tom would do that again.
Tom would do that all the time.
Tom would do that differently.
Tom would do that for Mary if she wanted him to.
Tom would do that for Mary, I'm pretty sure.
Tom would do that for Mary.
Tom would do that for free.
Tom would do that himself if he knew how.
Tom would do that if Mary asked him to.
Tom would do that if he could.
Tom would do that if he had a lot of money.
Tom would do that if he had more time.
Tom would do that if he had time.
Tom would do that if he knew how.
Tom would do that if you asked him to.
Tom would do that whenever he could.
Tom would do that.
Tom would do the same thing for me.
Tom would do the same thing.
Tom would do this.
Tom would do well to follow his recommendations.
Tom would do whatever it took.
Tom would do whatever you ask him to do.
Tom would drink all day if you'd let him.
Tom would enjoy doing that.
Tom would enjoy doing this.
Tom would fight back.
Tom would fix that.
Tom would forgive you, I think.
Tom would forgive you.
Tom would freak if he saw this.
Tom would freak out if he saw this.
Tom would furtively read Mary's diary while she was having a bath.
Tom would get angry if I did that.
Tom would get angry if I didn't do that.
Tom would get angry if he didn't win.
Tom would get depressed doing that.
Tom would get dizzy doing that.
Tom would get embarrassed.
Tom would get in trouble if he did that.
Tom would get mad if he saw you doing that.
Tom would get that job if he was fluent in French.
Tom would get that job if he were fluent in French.
Tom would go ballistic.
Tom would go no further.
Tom would go there, but without Mary.
Tom would go to Australia with us if he had the time.
Tom would go to Boston with us if he had the time.
Tom would go.
Tom would hate that.
Tom would hate to do that.
Tom would have a big problem with that.
Tom would have a fit if you told him to do that.
Tom would have allowed Mary to do that.
Tom would have allowed you to do that.
Tom would have apologized to Mary if he had thought it was important.
Tom would have apologized to Mary if he'd thought it was important.
Tom would have approved.
Tom would have become a boxer if his mother had let him.
Tom would have been able to do it.
Tom would have been able to do that.
Tom would have been angry.
Tom would have been better at doing that than Mary.
Tom would have been extremely angry.
Tom would have been forgiven for doing that if he'd apologized.
Tom would have been great.
Tom would have been happy here, I think.
Tom would have been happy here.
Tom would have been happy if you had done that.
Tom would have been here by now if his car hadn't broken down.
Tom would have been here if he could've.
Tom would have been here if he knew he needed to be.
Tom would have been impressed.
Tom would have been late if Mary hadn't given him a lift.
Tom would have been late if Mary hadn't given him a ride.
Tom would have been mad.
Tom would have been proud of you.
Tom would have been proud.
Tom would have been shocked.
Tom would have been thirty years old today if he hadn't passed away last year.
Tom would have been unable to do that if Mary hadn't helped.
Tom would have been unable to do that without Mary's help.
Tom would have been very proud of you.
Tom would have been very upset.
Tom would have been willing to do that.
Tom would have been worried if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom would have believed me.
Tom would have called Mary if he'd had her phone number.
Tom would have come to Boston with me if he hadn't been busy.
Tom would have come to Boston with us if he could've.
Tom would have died if Mary hadn't rescued him.
Tom would have died of envy if he had found out.
Tom would have died when he fell of the roof if he'd landed on his head.
Tom would have done it already if he knew how.
Tom would have done it correctly the first time if you had helped him.
Tom would have done much better in his exams if he'd eased back on his social life a bit.
Tom would have done that already if he could've.
Tom would have done that already if he knew how.
Tom would have done that by himself if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom would have done that by himself if Mary hadn't helped him.
Tom would have done that by himself if Mary hadn't volunteered to help him.
Tom would have done that by himself if he could've.
Tom would have done that by now if he was really planning to do it.
Tom would have done that correctly the first time if Mary had helped him.
Tom would have done that correctly the first time if you'd helped him.
Tom would have done that correctly the first time if you'd shown him how.
Tom would have done that for Mary if he'd had more time.
Tom would have done that himself if he'd had known how.
Tom would have done that himself if he'd had more the time.
Tom would have done that himself if he'd known how to.
Tom would have done that if Mary hadn't done it for him yesterday.
Tom would have done that if Mary hadn't stopped him.
Tom would have done that if Mary hadn't.
Tom would have done that if he could've.
Tom would have done that if he'd had the chance to.
Tom would have done that if he'd known he was supposed to.
Tom would have done that if he'd really wanted to.
Tom would have done that if you'd asked him to.
Tom would have done that right the first time if Mary had helped him.
Tom would have done that.
Tom would have done the same thing I did.
Tom would have done the same thing Mary did.
Tom would have done the same thing you did.
Tom would have done the same thing.
Tom would have eaten more if he hadn't been sick.
Tom would have eaten more if he'd had time to.
Tom would have eaten more if he'd had time.
Tom would have enough.
Tom would have failed without Mary's help.
Tom would have failed without your help.
Tom would have given up.
Tom would have gone hiking, but he got sick from a bean allergy.
Tom would have gone if he could've.
Tom would have gone regardless.
Tom would have gone to Boston if he could've.
Tom would have gone to jail if he hadn't had such a good lawyer.
Tom would have gone with us if we'd invited him.
Tom would have gone with you if he could've.
Tom would have gotten away with it if Mary hadn't seen you do that.
Tom would have grinned.
Tom would have heartily agreed.
Tom would have helped us if he could've.
Tom would have helped us if we'd asked him.
Tom would have helped us.
Tom would have helped you if you had let him.
Tom would have helped you if you'd asked him.
Tom would have helped you.
Tom would have just smiled and said nothing.
Tom would have kept his mouth shut.
Tom would have left a note.
Tom would have left by now if he was really planning to leave.
Tom would have left early if he'd known he could've.
Tom would have let Mary do that.
Tom would have let Mary win.
Tom would have let me sing.
Tom would have let you do that.
Tom would have let you drive if you'd told him you wanted to.
Tom would have let you win.
Tom would have liked it.
Tom would have liked that.
Tom would have liked this movie.
Tom would have liked to attend Mary's party. Unfortunately, he had other things he had to do.
Tom would have liked to attend Mary’s party. Unfortunately, he had other things he had to do.
Tom would have liked to be here.
Tom would have liked to come.
Tom would have liked to do that, too.
Tom would have liked to do that.
Tom would have liked to go to Boston last weekend.
Tom would have liked to go with us.
Tom would have liked to have stayed for dinner, but he had urgent business to attend to.
Tom would have liked to help.
Tom would have liked to stay longer, but he had to get back to the office.
Tom would have liked to stay longer.
Tom would have liked to win.
Tom would have liked what you did.
Tom would have liked what you said.
Tom would have liked you.
Tom would have liked you. It's too bad that you never met each other.
Tom would have loved it.
Tom would have loved that.
Tom would have loved the concert.
Tom would have loved this movie.
Tom would have loved this place.
Tom would have loved this.
Tom would have made a difference.
Tom would have made the same decision I'm making if he were in my shoes.
Tom would have missed the train if he had stopped to buy a chocolate bar.
Tom would have missed the train if he'd stopped to buy a chocolate bar.
Tom would have never done such a thing.
Tom would have never done that if Mary had asked him not to.
Tom would have never done that if Mary hadn't asked him to.
Tom would have never done that if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom would have never done this.
Tom would have permitted Mary to do that.
Tom would have permitted you to do that.
Tom would have preferred to stay home.
Tom would have probably done that.
Tom would have probably noticed the mistake.
Tom would have probably offered to help.
Tom would have sacrificed his life in vain.
Tom would have shown you how to do that.
Tom would have stayed if he could've.
Tom would have stayed longer if he could've.
Tom would have succeeded if he'd tried harder.
Tom would have succeeded if he'd worked harder.
Tom would have thrown us out.
Tom would have to be an idiot to do that.
Tom would have to be pretty stupid to do that.
Tom would have told me.
Tom would have told us if he'd known.
Tom would have told us.
Tom would have tried to stop you.
Tom would have turned thirty next month if he hadn't died in the accident.
Tom would have understood.
Tom would have waited if you'd called him.
Tom would have walked.
Tom would have wanted it that way.
Tom would have wanted nothing better.
Tom would have wanted to be included.
Tom would have wanted to do that with you.
Tom would have wanted to do that.
Tom would have wanted to do this, too.
Tom would have wanted to go to Boston with you.
Tom would have wanted you to have this.
Tom would have won easily.
Tom would have won if he hadn't injured his ankle.
Tom would have won the race if he'd run just a little bit faster.
Tom would hearken back to his childhood when he heard the birdsong.
Tom would help us if he could.
Tom would help us, wouldn't he?
Tom would help you if you asked him to.
Tom would help you if you asked him.
Tom would hurt me.
Tom would just like to know what he did wrong.
Tom would just like to talk.
Tom would kill Mary if he saw her kissing John.
Tom would kill me if I told anyone.
Tom would kill me if he knew I told you.
Tom would kill you both.
Tom would know better than anyone.
Tom would know how to do that.
Tom would know the answer.
Tom would know the right thing to do.
Tom would know what to do.
Tom would know, wouldn't he?
Tom would know.
Tom would laugh if he saw us doing this.
Tom would laugh if he saw you dressed like that.
Tom would laugh.
Tom would lay down his life for us.
Tom would leave early if he were allowed to.
Tom would leave me if I did that.
Tom would leave.
Tom would lend Mary money if she asked him to.
Tom would lend money to Mary if she asked him to.
Tom would lend you money if he had any.
Tom would lend you money if you asked him to.
Tom would like Mary to be on his team.
Tom would like Mary to be on the team.
Tom would like Mary to stay.
Tom would like a sandwich.
Tom would like a small white tissue.
Tom would like a word with you.
Tom would like it if somebody did that.
Tom would like it if someone did that.
Tom would like it.
Tom would like me to go with him.
Tom would like nothing more than to leave.
Tom would like nothing more than to tell Mary everything.
Tom would like some coffee.
Tom would like something cold to drink.
Tom would like that.
Tom would like to apologize.
Tom would like to ask you a couple questions.
Tom would like to ask you a few questions.
Tom would like to ask you and Mary some questions.
Tom would like to ask you how you did that.
Tom would like to ask you some questions.
Tom would like to be a better swimmer.
Tom would like to be a music teacher.
Tom would like to be able to speak French.
Tom would like to be able to speak more than one language.
Tom would like to be an art teacher.
Tom would like to be left alone.
Tom would like to be reincarnated as a woman.
Tom would like to become a music teacher.
Tom would like to become a simultaneous interpreter.
Tom would like to become a sports announcer.
Tom would like to become an architect, like his father.
Tom would like to become an art teacher.
Tom would like to become an interpreter.
Tom would like to buy a Japanese car.
Tom would like to buy a house in Australia.
Tom would like to buy a house in Boston.
Tom would like to buy a house.
Tom would like to buy a new car.
Tom would like to change seats with Mary.
Tom would like to come with us.
Tom would like to do something different today.
Tom would like to do something for you.
Tom would like to do that, but he can't.
Tom would like to do that, but unfortunately he doesn't have enough time.
Tom would like to do that, but unfortunately he doesn't have the time.
Tom would like to do that.
Tom would like to fix it himself.
Tom would like to get a Japanese car.
Tom would like to get something to eat.
Tom would like to go on the picnic, too. We should invite him.
Tom would like to go to the movies with you.
Tom would like to go with you.
Tom would like to have a girlfriend.
Tom would like to have a smooth skin.
Tom would like to have a word with you.
Tom would like to have one of those.
Tom would like to have stayed for dinner, but he had to go back to work.
Tom would like to hear Mary play the piano.
Tom would like to hear the reason why you did that.
Tom would like to help Mary.
Tom would like to help us.
Tom would like to help you.
Tom would like to know all the languages in the world.
Tom would like to know how Mary did that.
Tom would like to know how you did that.
Tom would like to know the reason why Mary isn't here.
Tom would like to know the reason why Mary isn’t here.
Tom would like to know the reason why you did that.
Tom would like to know the reason.
Tom would like to know what he did wrong.
Tom would like to know what's going to happen.
Tom would like to know whether you would like to come to his party.
Tom would like to know why you did that.
Tom would like to know why you didn't do that.
Tom would like to leave now.
Tom would like to live in a quieter place.
Tom would like to live in the country.
Tom would like to live in this country.
Tom would like to make more money.
Tom would like to meet you.
Tom would like to paint his room blue.
Tom would like to see Mary.
Tom would like to see the Eiffel Tower.
Tom would like to see you in his office.
Tom would like to see you there.
Tom would like to see you.
Tom would like to see your essay after you've written it.
Tom would like to see your new guitar.
Tom would like to speak to you in private.
Tom would like to speak to you.
Tom would like to speak with you.
Tom would like to speak.
Tom would like to stay at home today.
Tom would like to stay longer.
Tom would like to stay with us.
Tom would like to stay young forever.
Tom would like to study French.
Tom would like to take part in the contest.
Tom would like to talk to you.
Tom would like to talk with you about tomorrow's schedule.
Tom would like to talk with you.
Tom would like to teach French.
Tom would like to thank Mary for her help.
Tom would like to travel the world.
Tom would like to try kung fu.
Tom would like to understand French better.
Tom would like to visit the Eiffel Tower.
Tom would like to visit us tomorrow.
Tom would like to work less and make more money.
Tom would like us to calm down.
Tom would like you to do that, too.
Tom would like you to show Mary how to do that.
Tom would like you to show Mary how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom would like you to show him how to do that.
Tom would like you to stop by his office.
Tom would like you.
Tom would likely agree to do that.
Tom would likely agree with you.
Tom would likely agree.
Tom would likely be able to help you.
Tom would likely be afraid to do that.
Tom would likely complain if this kind of thing happened to him.
Tom would likely try doing this some other way.
Tom would look better if he trimmed his beard.
Tom would lose his head if it wasn't attached to him.
Tom would love it.
Tom would love that.
Tom would love this place.
Tom would love this.
Tom would love to do that.
Tom would love to read that.
Tom would love to see this.
Tom would make Mary very happy if he did that.
Tom would make a good dad.
Tom would make a good doctor.
Tom would make a good father, don't you think?
Tom would make a good father.
Tom would make a good lawyer.
Tom would make a good teacher.
Tom would make a very good spy.
Tom would make an excellent spy.
Tom would need to go to Boston.
Tom would need to sleep more.
Tom would never abandon his children.
Tom would never admit it, but he's a little jealous.
Tom would never admit that.
Tom would never agree to do that.
Tom would never agree to such a thing.
Tom would never agree to that.
Tom would never agree.
Tom would never allow Mary to do that.
Tom would never allow it.
Tom would never allow me to do that.
Tom would never allow that to happen.
Tom would never allow that.
Tom would never allow you to do that.
Tom would never approve.
Tom would never ask you to do that.
Tom would never be able to do that by himself.
Tom would never be so heartless.
Tom would never believe that.
Tom would never betray me.
Tom would never betray us. I am sure of it.
Tom would never betray us. I'm sure of that.
Tom would never break a promise.
Tom would never buy one of these.
Tom would never complain about something like that.
Tom would never complain.
Tom would never consider doing anything like that.
Tom would never consider doing that.
Tom would never contradict me.
Tom would never cross that line.
Tom would never do anything like that.
Tom would never do for me what I did for him.
Tom would never do for you what he expects you to do for him.
Tom would never do it like this.
Tom would never do it that way.
Tom would never do something like that.
Tom would never do something like this.
Tom would never do such a thing.
Tom would never do that by himself.
Tom would never do that for Mary.
Tom would never do that himself.
Tom would never do that that way.
Tom would never do that to Mary.
Tom would never do that when he was younger.
Tom would never do that!
Tom would never do that.
Tom would never do what you claim he did.
Tom would never do what you said he did.
Tom would never do what you say he did.
Tom would never do what you're accusing him of doing.
Tom would never do what you're accusing him of.
Tom would never drive that kind of car.
Tom would never dye his hair.
Tom would never ever do something like that.
Tom would never forget to do that.
Tom would never forgive Mary if she did that.
Tom would never forgive himself if anything happened to Mary.
Tom would never forgive me if I did that.
Tom would never forgive me something like that.
Tom would never forgive me.
Tom would never forgive us if we ate the cake he baked for Mary.
Tom would never forgive us if we did that.
Tom would never forgive us.
Tom would never forgive you if you ate all the cookies that he baked for Mary.
Tom would never forgive you if you did that.
Tom would never give up.
Tom would never go swimming by himself.
Tom would never go there alone.
Tom would never go there by himself.
Tom would never go there.
Tom would never go to Australia.
Tom would never go to Boston by bus.
Tom would never had met his wife if he hadn't signed up for a painting class.
Tom would never harm you.
Tom would never have agreed to do that.
Tom would never have allowed me to do that.
Tom would never have allowed that.
Tom would never have approved.
Tom would never have cried.
Tom would never have done such a thing.
Tom would never have done that if Mary had been there.
Tom would never have done that on his own.
Tom would never have done that that way.
Tom would never have done that to Mary.
Tom would never have done that.
Tom would never have done what you've accused him of doing.
Tom would never have hurt you.
Tom would never have imagined that his daughter Mary's lifeguard training, which at first he was going to refuse to fund, would one day save his life.
Tom would never have let that happen.
Tom would never have let us go if Mary hadn't gone with us.
Tom would never have said something like that to a customer.
Tom would never have said something like that.
Tom would never have said such a thing.
Tom would never help us.
Tom would never hit Mary.
Tom would never hurt Mary.
Tom would never hurt anybody.
Tom would never hurt anyone.
Tom would never hurt his children.
Tom would never hurt me.
Tom would never hurt you.
Tom would never insult a customer.
Tom would never just let me win.
Tom would never just let you win.
Tom would never kill anyone.
Tom would never kill himself.
Tom would never kill his own daughter.
Tom would never kill his sheep.
Tom would never laugh at something like that.
Tom would never leave Australia without his children.
Tom would never leave Boston without his children.
Tom would never leave Mary alone.
Tom would never leave Mary.
Tom would never leave his family.
Tom would never leave his wife.
Tom would never let Mary do that.
Tom would never let Mary drive.
Tom would never let me do that.
Tom would never let me drive his car.
Tom would never let me drive.
Tom would never let that happen.
Tom would never let them suffer.
Tom would never let this happen.
Tom would never let you do that.
Tom would never let you drive.
Tom would never lie to Mary.
Tom would never lie to me.
Tom would never lie to you.
Tom would never live here.
Tom would never make a mistake like that.
Tom would never make you do that.
Tom would never marry someone like Mary.
Tom would never murder anyone.
Tom would never permit Mary to do that.
Tom would never permit me to do that.
Tom would never permit you to do that.
Tom would never quit.
Tom would never say anything like that.
Tom would never say boo to a goose.
Tom would never say something like that to Mary.
Tom would never say something like that.
Tom would never say something that stupid.
Tom would never say that kind of thing.
Tom would never say that.
Tom would never say what you think he said.
Tom would never see his wife or his children again.
Tom would never sell his car to you.
Tom would never sell you his banjo.
Tom would never sell you his car.
Tom would never shoot anybody.
Tom would never sleep in class.
Tom would never steal anything.
Tom would never stoop this low.
Tom would never take money from me.
Tom would never talk about it.
Tom would never talk about what happened.
Tom would never tell Mary to do that.
Tom would never tell me what to do.
Tom would never think that.
Tom would never trust me.
Tom would never try to do something like that without our help.
Tom would never try to do that by himself.
Tom would never try to do that without some help.
Tom would never try to do that.
Tom would never try to steal my job.
Tom would never wait that long.
Tom would never walk again.
Tom would never want to hurt you.
Tom would never wear a coat that looked like that.
Tom would never yell at Mary.
Tom would not approve.
Tom would not be in a good mood.
Tom would not relent.
Tom would often call people fart herders.
Tom would often come to see me.
Tom would often do that when he was younger.
Tom would often do that.
Tom would often go fishing with his friends on weekends.
Tom would often make mistakes purposely just so the teacher would notice him.
Tom would often play jokes on the teacher.
Tom would often sit alone on the porch, reading a book.
Tom would often speak French in English class because he didn't see the need to learn English.
Tom would often talk about Mary when she wasn't around.
Tom would oppose it.
Tom would prefer to stay.
Tom would prefer to study French with a native speaker.
Tom would probably be a good roommate.
Tom would probably be able to buy that for you.
Tom would probably be able to do that for you.
Tom would probably be able to do that.
Tom would probably be able to fix that quickly.
Tom would probably be able to fix that.
Tom would probably be afraid to do that.
Tom would probably be disappointed if we didn't go to his birthday party.
Tom would probably be happy to buy that for you.
Tom would probably be happy to do that for you.
Tom would probably be hesitant to do that.
Tom would probably be reluctant to do that.
Tom would probably be unable to do that.
Tom would probably be willing to do that.
Tom would probably choose this one.
Tom would probably do exactly the same thing we would do.
Tom would probably do that again.
Tom would probably do that for you if you asked him to.
Tom would probably do that for you.
Tom would probably do that.
Tom would probably enjoy listening to this.
Tom would probably go hiking with us if we invited him.
Tom would probably go to Australia with you if you asked him to.
Tom would probably go to Boston with you if you asked him to.
Tom would probably have a heart attack.
Tom would probably have approved.
Tom would probably have done something about that if he could have.
Tom would probably have done something about that if he could've.
Tom would probably have done that if he'd known he was supposed to.
Tom would probably have done that.
Tom would probably like to do that.
Tom would probably still be in Boston if he didn't have to be in Chicago.
Tom would punch and kick his son for any reason whatsoever.
Tom would punch and kick his son for any reason.
Tom would rather be in Boston.
Tom would rather die than do that.
Tom would rather eat fudgy brownies, but he can't because Mary will only eat cakey ones.
Tom would rather go alone.
Tom would rather let Mary have her own way than to have an argument.
Tom would rather not do that.
Tom would rather speak French.
Tom would rather starve than steal food from others.
Tom would rather starve to death than kill an animal.
Tom would rather stay a little longer.
Tom would rather stay.
Tom would rather swim than play tennis.
Tom would rather take a bath than a shower.
Tom would refuse to do that.
Tom would say anything to save his own skin.
Tom would say that.
Tom would say yes.
Tom would see with his own eyes the future he had made.
Tom would sing another song if you asked him to.
Tom would slap Mary for any reason.
Tom would sleep just four hours a night, while Mary, being fond of her sleep, would sleep twelve.
Tom would sleep where he could.
Tom would stay if he could.
Tom would stay in Australia longer if his parents would let him.
Tom would stay in Boston longer if his parents would let him.
Tom would still be alive if he had been more careful.
Tom would still be alive if he had been wearing his seat belt.
Tom would still be alive if he hadn't attempted to do that.
Tom would still be alive if he'd been more careful.
Tom would stop doing that if Mary asked him to.
Tom would stop doing that if you asked him to.
Tom would surely agree.
Tom would surely do the same for you.
Tom would tell Mary what to do if he knew what she should do.
Tom would tell me if he wasn't happy, right?
Tom would tell me if there were a problem, wouldn't he?
Tom would tell me the truth, I'm sure.
Tom would tell me.
Tom would tell the unhappy subcontractors who demanded full payment, in the amount they had previously agreed upon, to sue him in court.
Tom would tell them.
Tom would tell us the truth, wouldn't he?
Tom would tell you the same thing.
Tom would tell you the truth.
Tom would think this was really cool.
Tom would think this was too expensive.
Tom would treat you with respect.
Tom would turn in his grave if he knew what had become of his company.
Tom would understand.
Tom would very likely do that for you if you asked him to.
Tom would very likely do that if you asked him to.
Tom would visit Mary whenever he could.
Tom would wait.
Tom would want me to help you.
Tom would want me to help.
Tom would want me to say that.
Tom would want to do that, I'm sure.
Tom would want to do that.
Tom would want us to continue.
Tom would want us to go.
Tom would want us to stay.
Tom would want you to have this.
Tom would've allowed Mary to do that.
Tom would've allowed you to do that.
Tom would've apologized to Mary if he'd thought it was important.
Tom would've approved.
Tom would've become a boxer if his mother had let him.
Tom would've been able fixed it.
Tom would've been able to do it.
Tom would've been able to do that if he'd tried harder.
Tom would've been able to do that if he'd tried.
Tom would've been able to do that.
Tom would've been angry.
Tom would've been better at doing that than Mary.
Tom would've been extremely angry.
Tom would've been forgiven for doing that if he'd apologized.
Tom would've been great.
Tom would've been happy here, I think.
Tom would've been happy here.
Tom would've been happy if you'd done that.
Tom would've been here by now if he were coming.
Tom would've been here by now if his car hadn't broken down.
Tom would've been here if he could have.
Tom would've been here if he could've.
Tom would've been here if he knew he needed to be.
Tom would've been impressed.
Tom would've been late if Mary hadn't given him a lift.
Tom would've been late if Mary hadn't given him a ride.
Tom would've been mad.
Tom would've been parched.
Tom would've been pleased.
Tom would've been proud of you.
Tom would've been proud.
Tom would've been shocked.
Tom would've been thirty years old today if he hadn't passed away last year.
Tom would've been unable to do that if Mary hadn't helped.
Tom would've been unable to do that without Mary's help.
Tom would've been very proud of you.
Tom would've been willing to do that.
Tom would've been worried if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom would've called Mary if he'd had her phone number.
Tom would've come to Australia with me if he hadn't been busy.
Tom would've come to Australia with us if he could've.
Tom would've come to Boston with me if he hadn't been busy.
Tom would've come to Boston with us if he could have.
Tom would've come to Boston with us if he could've.
Tom would've died if Mary hadn't rescued him.
Tom would've died of envy if he'd found out.
Tom would've died when he fell of the roof if he'd landed on his head.
Tom would've done it already if he knew how.
Tom would've done it correctly the first time if you had helped him.
Tom would've done it differently.
Tom would've done that already if he could have.
Tom would've done that already if he could've.
Tom would've done that already if he knew how.
Tom would've done that already if he'd known how to.
Tom would've done that by himself if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom would've done that by himself if Mary hadn't helped him.
Tom would've done that by himself if Mary hadn't volunteered to help him.
Tom would've done that by himself if he could have.
Tom would've done that by himself if he could've.
Tom would've done that by now if he was really planning to do it.
Tom would've done that by now if he'd known how to.
Tom would've done that correctly the first time if Mary had helped him.
Tom would've done that correctly the first time if you'd helped him.
Tom would've done that correctly the first time if you'd shown him how.
Tom would've done that differently.
Tom would've done that for Mary if he'd had more time.
Tom would've done that himself if he'd had known how.
Tom would've done that himself if he'd had more the time.
Tom would've done that himself if he'd known how to.
Tom would've done that if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom would've done that if Mary hadn't done it for him yesterday.
Tom would've done that if Mary hadn't stopped him.
Tom would've done that if Mary hadn't.
Tom would've done that if he could have.
Tom would've done that if he could've.
Tom would've done that if he'd had the chance to.
Tom would've done that if he'd known he was supposed to.
Tom would've done that if he'd really wanted to.
Tom would've done that if you'd asked him to.
Tom would've done that right the first time if Mary had helped him.
Tom would've done that.
Tom would've done the same thing I did.
Tom would've done the same thing Mary did.
Tom would've done the same thing that you did.
Tom would've done the same thing you did.
Tom would've done the same thing.
Tom would've eaten more if he hadn't been sick.
Tom would've eaten more if he'd had time to.
Tom would've eaten more if he'd had time.
Tom would've failed without Mary's help.
Tom would've failed without your help.
Tom would've given up.
Tom would've gone if he could have.
Tom would've gone if he could've.
Tom would've gone regardless.
Tom would've gone to Australia if he could've.
Tom would've gone to Boston if he could have.
Tom would've gone to Boston if he could've.
Tom would've gone to jail if he hadn't had such a good lawyer.
Tom would've gone with us if we'd invited him.
Tom would've gone with you if he could have.
Tom would've gone with you if he could've.
Tom would've gotten away with it if Mary hadn't seen you do that.
Tom would've grinned.
Tom would've heartily agreed.
Tom would've helped us if he could have.
Tom would've helped us if he could've.
Tom would've helped us if we'd asked him.
Tom would've helped us.
Tom would've helped you if you'd asked him.
Tom would've helped you.
Tom would've just smiled and said nothing.
Tom would've kept his mouth shut.
Tom would've laughed.
Tom would've left a note.
Tom would've left by now if he was really planning to leave.
Tom would've left early if he'd known he could have.
Tom would've left early if he'd known he could've.
Tom would've let Mary do that.
Tom would've let Mary win.
Tom would've let me sing.
Tom would've let you do that if you'd asked him.
Tom would've let you do that.
Tom would've let you drive if you'd told him you wanted to.
Tom would've let you win.
Tom would've liked it.
Tom would've liked that.
Tom would've liked this movie.
Tom would've liked to attend Mary's party. Unfortunately, he had other things he had to do.
Tom would've liked to be here.
Tom would've liked to come.
Tom would've liked to do that with us.
Tom would've liked to do that, too.
Tom would've liked to do that.
Tom would've liked to go to Boston last weekend.
Tom would've liked to go with us.
Tom would've liked to have gone to Australia with you.
Tom would've liked to help.
Tom would've liked to stay longer, but he had to get back to the office.
Tom would've liked to stay longer.
Tom would've liked to win.
Tom would've liked what you did.
Tom would've liked what you said.
Tom would've liked you.
Tom would've liked you. It's too bad that you never met each other.
Tom would've loved being here.
Tom would've loved doing this.
Tom would've loved it.
Tom would've loved that.
Tom would've loved the concert.
Tom would've loved this movie.
Tom would've loved this place.
Tom would've loved this.
Tom would've loved you.
Tom would've made a difference.
Tom would've made the same decision I'm making if he were in my shoes.
Tom would've missed the train if he'd stopped to buy a chocolate bar.
Tom would've never done such a thing.
Tom would've never done that if Mary had asked him not to.
Tom would've never done that if Mary hadn't asked him to.
Tom would've never done that if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom would've never done this.
Tom would've never let this happen.
Tom would've permitted Mary to do that.
Tom would've permitted you to do that.
Tom would've preferred to stay home.
Tom would've prevented it from happening.
Tom would've probably died if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom would've probably done that.
Tom would've probably given me a ride if I'd asked.
Tom would've probably noticed the mistake.
Tom would've probably offered to help.
Tom would've shown you how to do that if you'd asked him.
Tom would've shown you how to do that.
Tom would've stayed if he could have.
Tom would've stayed if he could've.
Tom would've stayed longer if he could have.
Tom would've stayed longer if he could've.
Tom would've succeeded if he'd tried harder.
Tom would've succeeded if he'd worked harder.
Tom would've thrown us out.
Tom would've told Mary the truth.
Tom would've told me.
Tom would've told us if he'd known.
Tom would've told us.
Tom would've tried to stop you.
Tom would've turned thirty next month if he hadn't died in the accident.
Tom would've understood quicker if he weren't so stupid.
Tom would've understood.
Tom would've waited if you'd called him.
Tom would've walked.
Tom would've wanted it that way.
Tom would've wanted to be included.
Tom would've wanted to do that with you.
Tom would've wanted to do that.
Tom would've wanted to do this, too.
Tom would've wanted to go to Australia with you.
Tom would've wanted to go to Boston with you.
Tom would've wanted to go with you.
Tom would've wanted you to be happy.
Tom would've wanted you to have this.
Tom would've won easily.
Tom would've won if he hadn't injured his ankle.
Tom would've won the race if he'd run just a little bit faster.
Tom wouldn't abandon Mary.
Tom wouldn't accept Mary's apology.
Tom wouldn't accept help.
Tom wouldn't accept my apology.
Tom wouldn't accept my gift.
Tom wouldn't accept these gifts.
Tom wouldn't actually do that.
Tom wouldn't admit his mistake.
Tom wouldn't admit that he was wrong.
Tom wouldn't admit that he'd made a mistake.
Tom wouldn't admit that the mistake was his fault.
Tom wouldn't admit the mistake was his fault.
Tom wouldn't agree to do that.
Tom wouldn't agree with this.
Tom wouldn't agree.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary into the house.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to do anything.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to do that.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to do what she wanted to do.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to drive his car.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to drive.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to enter the house.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to go.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to help him.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to hug him.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to kiss him.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to leave the house.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to leave.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to see his passport photo.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to talk with John.
Tom wouldn't allow it.
Tom wouldn't allow me in his office.
Tom wouldn't allow me to do that.
Tom wouldn't allow me to eat anything.
Tom wouldn't allow me to help Mary.
Tom wouldn't allow me to help him.
Tom wouldn't allow me to leave.
Tom wouldn't allow me to pay.
Tom wouldn't allow that to happen.
Tom wouldn't allow us to do that.
Tom wouldn't allow us to help Mary.
Tom wouldn't allow us to help him.
Tom wouldn't answer any of my questions.
Tom wouldn't answer me.
Tom wouldn't answer my question.
Tom wouldn't answer my questions.
Tom wouldn't answer our questions.
Tom wouldn't approve of that.
Tom wouldn't approve.
Tom wouldn't ask Mary to do that.
Tom wouldn't ask for help.
Tom wouldn't ask you to do that for him if he could find anybody else to do it for him.
Tom wouldn't ask you to do that for him if he could find anyone else to do it for him.
Tom wouldn't ask you to do that if he didn't think you could.
Tom wouldn't ask you to do that.
Tom wouldn't ask you to sing.
Tom wouldn't back down.
Tom wouldn't back off.
Tom wouldn't be able to do that any better.
Tom wouldn't be able to do that without somebody's help.
Tom wouldn't be able to do that without someone's help.
Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom wouldn't be able to do this.
Tom wouldn't be able to help you even if he wanted to.
Tom wouldn't be afraid.
Tom wouldn't be alive if it wasn't for you.
Tom wouldn't be allowed to do that even if he wanted to.
Tom wouldn't be at the bank this time of day.
Tom wouldn't be crazy enough to do that, would he?
Tom wouldn't be doing that if he didn't have to.
Tom wouldn't be doing that now, would he?
Tom wouldn't be doing that today if he didn't have to.
Tom wouldn't be fined if he did that.
Tom wouldn't be foolish enough to do that.
Tom wouldn't be happy here.
Tom wouldn't be happy if I did that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if I didn't do that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if Mary did that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if Mary didn't do that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if he had to do that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if that happened.
Tom wouldn't be happy if we allowed Mary to do that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if we did that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if we didn't allow Mary to do that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if we didn't let Mary do that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if we forced him to do that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if we let Mary do that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if we made him do that, would he?
Tom wouldn't be happy if we made him do that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if you ate all the cake.
Tom wouldn't be happy if you did that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if you didn't do that.
Tom wouldn't be happy living with Mary.
Tom wouldn't be happy with Mary.
Tom wouldn't be helping us today if Mary hadn't asked him.
Tom wouldn't be here if he didn't have to be.
Tom wouldn't be here if it wasn't for me.
Tom wouldn't be here if it weren't for you.
Tom wouldn't be here tonight if he didn't have to be.
Tom wouldn't be interested in Mary.
Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Tom wouldn't be interested in this job.
Tom wouldn't be pleased.
Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to do that, would he?
Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to do that.
Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to eat that.
Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to eat the mushrooms Mary found in the woods, would he?
Tom wouldn't be surprised if Mary decided not to go.
Tom wouldn't be that stupid.
Tom wouldn't be too surprised if Mary decided to accept the job offer.
Tom wouldn't be too surprised if Mary didn't like the puppy he gave her.
Tom wouldn't be unhappy with her.
Tom wouldn't be willing to help.
Tom wouldn't believe me anyway.
Tom wouldn't believe me.
Tom wouldn't believe us.
Tom wouldn't blame you.
Tom wouldn't bother to lie.
Tom wouldn't buy that for you.
Tom wouldn't call the doctor.
Tom wouldn't calm down.
Tom wouldn't care if Mary did that.
Tom wouldn't care if Mary didn't do that.
Tom wouldn't care if you did that.
Tom wouldn't care if you didn't do that.
Tom wouldn't care if you didn't win.
Tom wouldn't care.
Tom wouldn't change his mind.
Tom wouldn't clean the dishes.
Tom wouldn't close it.
Tom wouldn't come down to eat breakfast this morning.
Tom wouldn't come in.
Tom wouldn't come out of his room.
Tom wouldn't come.
Tom wouldn't comment on that issue.
Tom wouldn't comment on the case.
Tom wouldn't comment.
Tom wouldn't complain.
Tom wouldn't confess anything even if he was tortured.
Tom wouldn't cooperate.
Tom wouldn't cry.
Tom wouldn't dance with anyone other than Mary.
Tom wouldn't dare do that without permission.
Tom wouldn't dare do that.
Tom wouldn't dare show his face around here again.
Tom wouldn't dare tell Mary.
Tom wouldn't dare.
Tom wouldn't discuss money.
Tom wouldn't discuss that.
Tom wouldn't discuss the allegation.
Tom wouldn't discuss the matter.
Tom wouldn't do a thing like that, would he?
Tom wouldn't do a thing like that.
Tom wouldn't do anything like that.
Tom wouldn't do anything to help Mary.
Tom wouldn't do anything to help.
Tom wouldn't do anything we asked him to.
Tom wouldn't do anything.
Tom wouldn't do it that way.
Tom wouldn't do it this way.
Tom wouldn't do it without my consent.
Tom wouldn't do it.
Tom wouldn't do something like that by himself.
Tom wouldn't do something like that here.
Tom wouldn't do something like that on purpose.
Tom wouldn't do something like that, would he?
Tom wouldn't do something like that.
Tom wouldn't do something like this.
Tom wouldn't do such a thing.
Tom wouldn't do that again, would he?
Tom wouldn't do that again.
Tom wouldn't do that alone.
Tom wouldn't do that by himself.
Tom wouldn't do that either.
Tom wouldn't do that even if he could.
Tom wouldn't do that even if you paid him.
Tom wouldn't do that for free.
Tom wouldn't do that for me.
Tom wouldn't do that for you.
Tom wouldn't do that here.
Tom wouldn't do that himself.
Tom wouldn't do that if he didn't have to.
Tom wouldn't do that if he didn't need to.
Tom wouldn't do that if he didn't want to.
Tom wouldn't do that that way.
Tom wouldn't do that the way you said he did.
Tom wouldn't do that to Mary.
Tom wouldn't do that to anybody.
Tom wouldn't do that to anyone.
Tom wouldn't do that to me.
Tom wouldn't do that without Mary.
Tom wouldn't do that, I'm pretty sure.
Tom wouldn't do that, but Mary would.
Tom wouldn't do that, either.
Tom wouldn't do that, so I asked Mary to do it.
Tom wouldn't do that, so I asked Mary to.
Tom wouldn't do that, would he?
Tom wouldn't do that.
Tom wouldn't do the dishes.
Tom wouldn't do this.
Tom wouldn't do what I asked him to do.
Tom wouldn't do what I wanted him to do.
Tom wouldn't do what Mary asked him to do.
Tom wouldn't do what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom wouldn't do what we asked him to do.
Tom wouldn't drink that.
Tom wouldn't drink the cocktail I made for him.
Tom wouldn't drink the cocktail that I made for him.
Tom wouldn't drink the coffee Mary made for him.
Tom wouldn't drive a car like this.
Tom wouldn't drive a hybrid.
Tom wouldn't drive to Boston.
Tom wouldn't drive, so I had to.
Tom wouldn't eat anything.
Tom wouldn't eat that, would he?
Tom wouldn't eat that.
Tom wouldn't eat the eggs.
Tom wouldn't eat the sandwich that Mary made for him.
Tom wouldn't eat what his mother put on the table.
Tom wouldn't eat.
Tom wouldn't elaborate any further.
Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Tom wouldn't even consider our offer.
Tom wouldn't even discuss it.
Tom wouldn't even give me a chance to explain why I did what I did.
Tom wouldn't even let his wife apply for the job.
Tom wouldn't even let me say anything.
Tom wouldn't even look at Mary.
Tom wouldn't even look at it.
Tom wouldn't even look at me.
Tom wouldn't even say hi to Mary.
Tom wouldn't even say hi to me.
Tom wouldn't even speak to Mary.
Tom wouldn't even speak to me.
Tom wouldn't even talk to Mary after she had apologized to him.
Tom wouldn't even talk to Mary.
Tom wouldn't even talk to me today.
Tom wouldn't even talk to me.
Tom wouldn't even taste the cheesecake.
Tom wouldn't even think about doing that.
Tom wouldn't even try doing that.
Tom wouldn't even try the helmet on.
Tom wouldn't even try to do that.
Tom wouldn't ever consider doing that.
Tom wouldn't ever do that.
Tom wouldn't ever give Mary a gift.
Tom wouldn't explain it to me.
Tom wouldn't explain why.
Tom wouldn't find that funny.
Tom wouldn't forgive me.
Tom wouldn't forgive us.
Tom wouldn't give Mary a gift.
Tom wouldn't give Mary his new number.
Tom wouldn't give any more details.
Tom wouldn't give in.
Tom wouldn't give me a chance to think.
Tom wouldn't give me any details.
Tom wouldn't give me his phone number.
Tom wouldn't give me permission to do that.
Tom wouldn't give me what I needed.
Tom wouldn't give me what I wanted.
Tom wouldn't give up so easily.
Tom wouldn't give up.
Tom wouldn't go anywhere without his phone.
Tom wouldn't go away.
Tom wouldn't go back to Australia if he didn't have to.
Tom wouldn't go back to Australia if he didn't need to.
Tom wouldn't go back to Boston if he didn't have to.
Tom wouldn't go back to Boston if he didn't need to.
Tom wouldn't go back to sleep.
Tom wouldn't go for a walk with Mary.
Tom wouldn't go hiking by himself.
Tom wouldn't go into details.
Tom wouldn't go into specifics.
Tom wouldn't go off and leave us, would he?
Tom wouldn't go out with Mary.
Tom wouldn't go out with us.
Tom wouldn't go out with you.
Tom wouldn't go out.
Tom wouldn't go there.
Tom wouldn't go to Australia if he didn't have to.
Tom wouldn't go to Australia with Mary.
Tom wouldn't go to Australia with me.
Tom wouldn't go to Boston if he didn't have to.
Tom wouldn't go to Boston with Mary.
Tom wouldn't go to Boston with me.
Tom wouldn't go to bed.
Tom wouldn't go to the hospital.
Tom wouldn't go to the mall with Mary.
Tom wouldn't go with us.
Tom wouldn't go without saying goodbye.
Tom wouldn't harm a fly.
Tom wouldn't have a chance.
Tom wouldn't have agreed to do that.
Tom wouldn't have allowed you to do that.
Tom wouldn't have anything to do with me after that.
Tom wouldn't have anything to do with me.
Tom wouldn't have asked you for help if he could have done it by himself.
Tom wouldn't have asked you for help if he could have done that by himself.
Tom wouldn't have asked you for help if he could've done it by himself.
Tom wouldn't have asked you for help if he could've done that by himself.
Tom wouldn't have asked you to do that if he could have done it himself.
Tom wouldn't have asked you to do that if he could've done it himself.
Tom wouldn't have asked you to do that if he didn't think you could.
Tom wouldn't have asked you to do the job if he didn't think you could do it.
Tom wouldn't have been able to do any better.
Tom wouldn't have been able to do that any better.
Tom wouldn't have been able to do that if Mary hadn't helped.
Tom wouldn't have been able to do that without Mary's help.
Tom wouldn't have been able to do that without me.
Tom wouldn't have been able to do that without our help.
Tom wouldn't have been able to do that without your help.
Tom wouldn't have been able to get his homework done if Mary hadn't helped him.
Tom wouldn't have been able to get his homework done if Mary hadn't helped.
Tom wouldn't have been able to manage without Mary's support.
Tom wouldn't have been able to open the door without your help.
Tom wouldn't have come if he didn't think it was important to be here.
Tom wouldn't have done any better.
Tom wouldn't have done it better.
Tom wouldn't have done it that way.
Tom wouldn't have done it without my consent.
Tom wouldn't have done something like that.
Tom wouldn't have done that alone.
Tom wouldn't have done that by himself.
Tom wouldn't have done that even if he'd wanted to.
Tom wouldn't have done that if Mary hadn't asked him to.
Tom wouldn't have done that if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom wouldn't have done that if Mary hadn't told him to.
Tom wouldn't have done that if he didn't have to.
Tom wouldn't have done that if he hadn't been drunk.
Tom wouldn't have done that if he hadn't had to.
Tom wouldn't have done that if he hadn't needed to.
Tom wouldn't have done that if he hadn't wanted to.
Tom wouldn't have done that if he'd known it would make Mary angry.
Tom wouldn't have done that if we hadn't asked him to.
Tom wouldn't have done that if we'd asked him not to.
Tom wouldn't have done that on his own.
Tom wouldn't have done that that if he hadn't had to.
Tom wouldn't have done that that if he hadn't wanted to.
Tom wouldn't have done that that way if he hadn't needed to.
Tom wouldn't have done that that way.
Tom wouldn't have done that to himself.
Tom wouldn't have done that unless it hadn't been absolutely necessary.
Tom wouldn't have done that unless it was really necessary.
Tom wouldn't have done that without permission.
Tom wouldn't have done that.
Tom wouldn't have expected Mary to do that.
Tom wouldn't have given this to me if it weren't something important.
Tom wouldn't have given this to me unless it was something important.
Tom wouldn't have gone there anyway.
Tom wouldn't have gone there.
Tom wouldn't have gone to Australia if he didn't have to.
Tom wouldn't have gone to Boston if he didn't have to.
Tom wouldn't have gotten hurt if he'd been a little more careful.
Tom wouldn't have had to die if they had helped him.
Tom wouldn't have helped Mary do that if he'd thought she could have done it by herself.
Tom wouldn't have helped Mary do that if he'd thought she could've done it by herself.
Tom wouldn't have helped Mary do that.
Tom wouldn't have hit Mary.
Tom wouldn't have hurt anyone.
Tom wouldn't have it any other way.
Tom wouldn't have just let Mary win.
Tom wouldn't have known how to do that if Mary hadn't shown him how.
Tom wouldn't have known the difference.
Tom wouldn't have left early without permission.
Tom wouldn't have left without saying goodbye.
Tom wouldn't have let Mary do that.
Tom wouldn't have let his children do that.
Tom wouldn't have let his own children do that.
Tom wouldn't have let you do that.
Tom wouldn't have let you drive.
Tom wouldn't have let you win.
Tom wouldn't have lied.
Tom wouldn't have liked that.
Tom wouldn't have made it on time if he hadn't run.
Tom wouldn't have made that mistake.
Tom wouldn't have married Mary if he'd known she had spent time in prison.
Tom wouldn't have noticed.
Tom wouldn't have passed the test if Mary hadn't helped him study.
Tom wouldn't have permitted you to do that.
Tom wouldn't have said no.
Tom wouldn't have said that to Mary.
Tom wouldn't have said that.
Tom wouldn't have sung if I hadn't volunteered to sing with him.
Tom wouldn't have sung if we hadn't asked him to.
Tom wouldn't have survived without their help.
Tom wouldn't have to do that.
Tom wouldn't have to say anything.
Tom wouldn't have told Mary that.
Tom wouldn't have wanted it any other way.
Tom wouldn't have wanted it like this.
Tom wouldn't have wanted it that way.
Tom wouldn't have wanted this.
Tom wouldn't have wanted us to argue like this.
Tom wouldn't have yelled at me if I hadn't been late.
Tom wouldn't have yelled at me if I'd been on time.
Tom wouldn't hear of it.
Tom wouldn't help Mary do that.
Tom wouldn't help Mary.
Tom wouldn't help me do that.
Tom wouldn't help me.
Tom wouldn't help us do that.
Tom wouldn't help us today.
Tom wouldn't help us.
Tom wouldn't hit anyone, would he?
Tom wouldn't hit anyone.
Tom wouldn't hurt Mary, would he?
Tom wouldn't hurt Mary.
Tom wouldn't hurt a fly.
Tom wouldn't hurt anybody.
Tom wouldn't hurt anyone.
Tom wouldn't hurt you.
Tom wouldn't just leave like that. He'd have at least said goodbye.
Tom wouldn't kill anybody.
Tom wouldn't kill anyone.
Tom wouldn't kiss Mary.
Tom wouldn't know anything about that.
Tom wouldn't know what to do.
Tom wouldn't know.
Tom wouldn't last a month in prison.
Tom wouldn't laugh at something like that.
Tom wouldn't laugh at that.
Tom wouldn't learn French.
Tom wouldn't leave Mary alone.
Tom wouldn't leave early.
Tom wouldn't leave me alone.
Tom wouldn't leave the house.
Tom wouldn't leave us alone.
Tom wouldn't leave us here, would he?
Tom wouldn't leave without me.
Tom wouldn't leave without telling us.
Tom wouldn't leave without you.
Tom wouldn't leave without your permission.
Tom wouldn't lend Mary the books she wanted.
Tom wouldn't lend his bicycle to me.
Tom wouldn't lend me any money.
Tom wouldn't lend me his bicycle.
Tom wouldn't lend me his car.
Tom wouldn't lend me money.
Tom wouldn't let Mary come in.
Tom wouldn't let Mary do anything she wanted to do.
Tom wouldn't let Mary do that.
Tom wouldn't let Mary do what she wanted to do.
Tom wouldn't let Mary drive his car.
Tom wouldn't let Mary drive.
Tom wouldn't let Mary enter the house.
Tom wouldn't let Mary go anywhere.
Tom wouldn't let Mary go.
Tom wouldn't let Mary help him.
Tom wouldn't let Mary hug him.
Tom wouldn't let Mary in the house.
Tom wouldn't let Mary in.
Tom wouldn't let Mary keep it.
Tom wouldn't let Mary kiss him.
Tom wouldn't let Mary leave.
Tom wouldn't let Mary look at his pictures.
Tom wouldn't let Mary quit.
Tom wouldn't let Mary ride his bicycle.
Tom wouldn't let Mary sing with his band.
Tom wouldn't let Mary sing.
Tom wouldn't let Mary sit next to him.
Tom wouldn't let Mary speak French.
Tom wouldn't let Mary study French.
Tom wouldn't let Mary win.
Tom wouldn't let anybody do anything for Mary.
Tom wouldn't let anybody do anything for him.
Tom wouldn't let anybody do that.
Tom wouldn't let anybody help Mary.
Tom wouldn't let anybody help him.
Tom wouldn't let anybody in his home.
Tom wouldn't let anybody in his house.
Tom wouldn't let anybody in the house.
Tom wouldn't let anybody into his house.
Tom wouldn't let anybody into his room.
Tom wouldn't let anyone do that.
Tom wouldn't let anyone else in the room.
Tom wouldn't let anyone help Mary.
Tom wouldn't let anyone help him.
Tom wouldn't let anyone in his home.
Tom wouldn't let anyone in his house.
Tom wouldn't let anyone in his room.
Tom wouldn't let anyone in the house.
Tom wouldn't let anyone into his house.
Tom wouldn't let anyone into his room.
Tom wouldn't let anyone near the grill.
Tom wouldn't let anything happen to you.
Tom wouldn't let go of me.
Tom wouldn't let his children speak French at home.
Tom wouldn't let his children use his power tools.
Tom wouldn't let it go.
Tom wouldn't let me buy him a drink.
Tom wouldn't let me call an ambulance so I drove him to the hospital myself.
Tom wouldn't let me date his daughter.
Tom wouldn't let me do that.
Tom wouldn't let me do what I wanted to do.
Tom wouldn't let me drive his car.
Tom wouldn't let me drive his new car.
Tom wouldn't let me drive.
Tom wouldn't let me eat anything.
Tom wouldn't let me finish.
Tom wouldn't let me go to Boston.
Tom wouldn't let me go.
Tom wouldn't let me help Mary.
Tom wouldn't let me help him.
Tom wouldn't let me help.
Tom wouldn't let me in his room.
Tom wouldn't let me in the room.
Tom wouldn't let me in.
Tom wouldn't let me into his room.
Tom wouldn't let me kiss him.
Tom wouldn't let me leave as early as I wanted to leave.
Tom wouldn't let me leave as early as I wanted to.
Tom wouldn't let me leave.
Tom wouldn't let me look at his photo album.
Tom wouldn't let me pay.
Tom wouldn't let me quit.
Tom wouldn't let me say anything.
Tom wouldn't let me sing.
Tom wouldn't let me speak French.
Tom wouldn't let me talk to you.
Tom wouldn't let me talk with you.
Tom wouldn't let me talk.
Tom wouldn't let me to read the letter.
Tom wouldn't let me use his phone.
Tom wouldn't let that happen.
Tom wouldn't let them in.
Tom wouldn't let us call a doctor.
Tom wouldn't let us do that for him.
Tom wouldn't let us do that.
Tom wouldn't let us down.
Tom wouldn't let us go.
Tom wouldn't let us help Mary.
Tom wouldn't let us help him.
Tom wouldn't let us in his house.
Tom wouldn't let us in.
Tom wouldn't let us leave.
Tom wouldn't let us sing with his band.
Tom wouldn't let us sing.
Tom wouldn't let you do that.
Tom wouldn't let you down.
Tom wouldn't let you go there by yourself.
Tom wouldn't let you guys do that.
Tom wouldn't let you not do that.
Tom wouldn't lie down.
Tom wouldn't lie to Mary.
Tom wouldn't lie to me.
Tom wouldn't lie to us, would he?
Tom wouldn't lie to us.
Tom wouldn't lie to you.
Tom wouldn't lie.
Tom wouldn't like Australia.
Tom wouldn't like Boston.
Tom wouldn't like doing that.
Tom wouldn't like it if I did that.
Tom wouldn't like it if I didn't do that.
Tom wouldn't like it if I didn't win.
Tom wouldn't like it if Mary did that.
Tom wouldn't like it if Mary didn't do that.
Tom wouldn't like it if Mary didn't win.
Tom wouldn't like it if Mary tried to kiss him.
Tom wouldn't like it if he knew Mary and John were dating.
Tom wouldn't like it if he knew you were here.
Tom wouldn't like it if we did that.
Tom wouldn't like it if we didn't do that.
Tom wouldn't like it if we didn't win.
Tom wouldn't like it if you ate all the cake.
Tom wouldn't like it if you did that.
Tom wouldn't like it if you didn't do that.
Tom wouldn't like it if you didn't win.
Tom wouldn't like it if you were late.
Tom wouldn't like it in Australia.
Tom wouldn't like it in Boston.
Tom wouldn't like it.
Tom wouldn't like living here.
Tom wouldn't like that.
Tom wouldn't like this movie.
Tom wouldn't like this.
Tom wouldn't like to live here.
Tom wouldn't likely be able to talk Mary into doing that.
Tom wouldn't likely be able to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom wouldn't likely do that.
Tom wouldn't likely go camping by himself.
Tom wouldn't listen to anyone.
Tom wouldn't listen to me.
Tom wouldn't listen to my advice.
Tom wouldn't listen.
Tom wouldn't look at my proposal.
Tom wouldn't make Mary do that.
Tom wouldn't make you do that.
Tom wouldn't mind eating meat and potatoes every day of the week.
Tom wouldn't mind if Mary did that.
Tom wouldn't mind if Mary didn't do that.
Tom wouldn't mind if Mary gained a few pounds.
Tom wouldn't mind if we did that.
Tom wouldn't mind if you did that.
Tom wouldn't mind.
Tom wouldn't move.
Tom wouldn't murder anybody.
Tom wouldn't murder anyone.
Tom wouldn't need to go to Boston.
Tom wouldn't negotiate.
Tom wouldn't open his door.
Tom wouldn't open it.
Tom wouldn't open the door, so I left.
Tom wouldn't open the door.
Tom wouldn't pay his bills.
Tom wouldn't permit Mary to do that.
Tom wouldn't permit me to do that.
Tom wouldn't permit us to do that.
Tom wouldn't provide any details.
Tom wouldn't provide details.
Tom wouldn't punch or kick his son for just any reason.
Tom wouldn't put it that way.
Tom wouldn't quit.
Tom wouldn't really buy that, would he?
Tom wouldn't really do a thing like that.
Tom wouldn't really do anything like that.
Tom wouldn't really do something like that, would he?
Tom wouldn't really do something like that.
Tom wouldn't really do that, would he?
Tom wouldn't really eat that, would he?
Tom wouldn't relent.
Tom wouldn't remember me.
Tom wouldn't rest until he did his daily chores.
Tom wouldn't return my calls.
Tom wouldn't run away from me.
Tom wouldn't run out on us.
Tom wouldn't run.
Tom wouldn't say anything to me.
Tom wouldn't say how his dog died.
Tom wouldn't say no.
Tom wouldn't say something like that about Mary.
Tom wouldn't say that sort of thing.
Tom wouldn't say that unless he meant it.
Tom wouldn't say that.
Tom wouldn't say yes.
Tom wouldn't share his secret recipe with me.
Tom wouldn't show me how to do that.
Tom wouldn't show up here again.
Tom wouldn't sing the song I requested.
Tom wouldn't sit down.
Tom wouldn't sit still.
Tom wouldn't slow down.
Tom wouldn't speak French to Mary.
Tom wouldn't speak French to me.
Tom wouldn't speak to Mary at all.
Tom wouldn't speak to Mary.
Tom wouldn't speak to anybody.
Tom wouldn't speak to anyone.
Tom wouldn't speak to me for a week after that.
Tom wouldn't speak to me for a week.
Tom wouldn't speak to the media.
Tom wouldn't speak to us.
Tom wouldn't stand a chance.
Tom wouldn't steal from you.
Tom wouldn't stop badgering me.
Tom wouldn't stop crying.
Tom wouldn't stop doing that.
Tom wouldn't stop drinking.
Tom wouldn't stop fighting.
Tom wouldn't stop laughing.
Tom wouldn't stop screaming.
Tom wouldn't stop shaking.
Tom wouldn't stop singing.
Tom wouldn't stop studying French.
Tom wouldn't stop talking.
Tom wouldn't stop.
Tom wouldn't study French.
Tom wouldn't survive a day in jail.
Tom wouldn't swim with us.
Tom wouldn't take his eyes off Mary.
Tom wouldn't take his hat off.
Tom wouldn't take me seriously.
Tom wouldn't take my call.
Tom wouldn't take my calls.
Tom wouldn't take no for an answer.
Tom wouldn't take off his hat.
Tom wouldn't take the matter seriously.
Tom wouldn't take the money I offered him.
Tom wouldn't take the money that I offered him.
Tom wouldn't take the money.
Tom wouldn't take this chance.
Tom wouldn't talk about it.
Tom wouldn't talk to Mary.
Tom wouldn't talk to anybody.
Tom wouldn't talk to anyone.
Tom wouldn't talk to me about it.
Tom wouldn't talk to me.
Tom wouldn't talk to reporters.
Tom wouldn't talk.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary anything.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary his last name.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary how old he was.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary how to do it.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary how to do that.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary what his last name was.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary what his telephone number was.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary what she wanted to know.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary where he lived.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary why he did that.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary why he didn't do that.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary why he had quit his job.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary why he wanted to do that.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary why he wouldn't do that.
Tom wouldn't tell anybody, would he?
Tom wouldn't tell anyone what was wrong.
Tom wouldn't tell anyone, would he?
Tom wouldn't tell me about it.
Tom wouldn't tell me about what happened to Mary.
Tom wouldn't tell me anything about himself.
Tom wouldn't tell me anything about what happened that night.
Tom wouldn't tell me anything.
Tom wouldn't tell me his girlfriend's name.
Tom wouldn't tell me his last name.
Tom wouldn't tell me his middle name.
Tom wouldn't tell me his phone number.
Tom wouldn't tell me his plans.
Tom wouldn't tell me how much he bought his car for.
Tom wouldn't tell me how much he paid for his car.
Tom wouldn't tell me how much he paid for his new computer.
Tom wouldn't tell me how much he paid.
Tom wouldn't tell me how much he weighed.
Tom wouldn't tell me how to do that.
Tom wouldn't tell me what I needed to do.
Tom wouldn't tell me what I should do.
Tom wouldn't tell me what I was supposed to do.
Tom wouldn't tell me what happened.
Tom wouldn't tell me what needed to be done.
Tom wouldn't tell me what time Mary's train would be arriving.
Tom wouldn't tell me what to do.
Tom wouldn't tell me where Mary had gone.
Tom wouldn't tell me where Mary was.
Tom wouldn't tell me where Mary went.
Tom wouldn't tell me where he had hidden the money.
Tom wouldn't tell me where he lived.
Tom wouldn't tell me where he parked his car.
Tom wouldn't tell me where he went.
Tom wouldn't tell me where he'd been.
Tom wouldn't tell me where he'd put my car keys.
Tom wouldn't tell me who gave him that envelope.
Tom wouldn't tell me who gave him those binoculars.
Tom wouldn't tell me who he talked to.
Tom wouldn't tell me who he was planning to meet.
Tom wouldn't tell me who he'd talked to.
Tom wouldn't tell me why he did that.
Tom wouldn't tell me why he didn't do that.
Tom wouldn't tell me why he didn't like Mary.
Tom wouldn't tell me why he had dropped out of school.
Tom wouldn't tell me why he wanted a divorce.
Tom wouldn't tell me why he wanted to do that.
Tom wouldn't tell me why he was angry.
Tom wouldn't tell me why he wasn't here yesterday.
Tom wouldn't tell me why he wouldn't do that.
Tom wouldn't tell me why.
Tom wouldn't tell me.
Tom wouldn't tell the police officer his name.
Tom wouldn't tell the stranger his name.
Tom wouldn't tell us anything.
Tom wouldn't tell us how he did that.
Tom wouldn't tell us what had happened.
Tom wouldn't tell us what he saw.
Tom wouldn't tell us what he was doing.
Tom wouldn't tell us what to do.
Tom wouldn't tell us what was going on.
Tom wouldn't tell us where he hid the money.
Tom wouldn't tell us where he'd found Mary.
Tom wouldn't throw the ball to me.
Tom wouldn't trust me with his secret.
Tom wouldn't try to stop you.
Tom wouldn't understand it even if you explained it to him.
Tom wouldn't understand it.
Tom wouldn't understand that.
Tom wouldn't understand this.
Tom wouldn't understand.
Tom wouldn't vouch for me.
Tom wouldn't walk out on me.
Tom wouldn't want me to say that.
Tom wouldn't want that.
Tom wouldn't want this.
Tom wouldn't want to do that.
Tom wouldn't wash the dishes.
Tom wouldn't wear the cap that I bought for him.
Tom wouldn’t be happy living with Mary.
Tom wouldn’t be surprised if Mary decided not to go.
Tom wouldn’t be too surprised if Mary decided to accept the job offer.
Tom wouldn’t be too surprised if Mary didn’t like the puppy he gave her.
Tom wouldn’t even talk to Mary after she had apologized to him.
Tom wouldn’t have been able to manage without Mary’s support.
Tom wouldn’t let Mary in.
Tom wouldn’t let his children use his power tools.
Tom wouldn’t let me help Mary.
Tom wouldn’t mind eating meat and potatoes every day of the week.
Tom wouldn’t speak to Mary.
Tom would help us, I think.
Tom wound his arms around Mary's back.
Tom wound the clock.
Tom wound the string into a ball.
Tom wound the tape forward.
Tom wound up dead.
Tom wound up his watch.
Tom wounded Mary.
Tom wracked his brain.
Tom wrapped Mary in his arms and kissed her.
Tom wrapped Mary's Christmas gift in wrapping paper with a squirrel wearing a Santa hat on it. He knew that this would make Mary very happy.
Tom wrapped a bandana around his head.
Tom wrapped a hot water bottle in a towel and placed it on Mary's forehead.
Tom wrapped a towel around himself.
Tom wrapped a towel around his waist.
Tom wrapped both his arms around her shoulders.
Tom wrapped himself in a blanket.
Tom wrapped himself in a warm blanket.
Tom wrapped himself in his blanket.
Tom wrapped himself up in a warm blanket.
Tom wrapped himself up in his warm blanket as he drifted asleep.
Tom wrapped his arm around Mary.
Tom wrapped his arm around her shoulder.
Tom wrapped his arm around me.
Tom wrapped his arms around Mary.
Tom wrapped his arms around me.
Tom wrapped his jacket around Mary's shoulders.
Tom wrapped his jacket around my shoulders.
Tom wrapped the blanket around Mary's shoulders.
Tom wrapped the blanket around himself.
Tom wrapped the blanket around his body to keep warm.
Tom wrapped the blanket around his body to stay warm.
Tom wrapped the ice pack in a damp towel and placed it on his thigh.
Tom wrapped the package and tied it with a ribbon.
Tom wrapped the package and tied it with strings.
Tom wrapped the package with brown paper.
Tom wrapped the present he was going to give to Mary.
Tom wrapped the present.
Tom wrapped the sandwich in plastic.
Tom wrapped the sandwiches in wax paper.
Tom wraps his gifts so artfully that one doesn't want to open them.
Tom wraps his gifts so beautifully that no one wants to open them.
Tom wrecked his car.
Tom wrecked his truck.
Tom wrecked my plan.
Tom wrestled Mary to the ground and ate the last of the cheese from her hands.
Tom wrestled in high school.
Tom wrestled with Mary.
Tom wriggled his toes.
Tom wrinkled his brow like he was displeased.
Tom wrinkled his nose.
Tom writes Mary letters.
Tom writes a letter to his mother every week.
Tom writes a letter to me every day.
Tom writes a short story.
Tom writes a weekly column for a local newspaper.
Tom writes and sings his own songs.
Tom writes badly.
Tom writes beautiful poetry.
Tom writes beautiful songs.
Tom writes beautifully.
Tom writes better than I do.
Tom writes books for children.
Tom writes books.
Tom writes children's books.
Tom writes discursively.
Tom writes everything down so he won't forget it.
Tom writes everything down so he won’t forget it.
Tom writes everything down.
Tom writes further, "I will be in Boston for a conference on the sixth of June."
Tom writes his diary in French.
Tom writes home to his parents at least once a month.
Tom writes in Esperanto for optimum expressiveness.
Tom writes in a style which many criticise for being too simple.
Tom writes left-handed.
Tom writes letters to Mary.
Tom writes love letters to Mary in French.
Tom writes lyrics.
Tom writes me a letter every day.
Tom writes me every day.
Tom writes me letters.
Tom writes me once a week.
Tom writes more correctly than Mary.
Tom writes much better now than he used to.
Tom writes novels in his spare time.
Tom writes novels.
Tom writes poems.
Tom writes poetry under the pseudonym John Jackson.
Tom writes poetry.
Tom writes poorly.
Tom writes romance novels.
Tom writes scripts.
Tom writes several poems a week.
Tom writes short stories.
Tom writes slowly.
Tom writes something in his diary every day.
Tom writes something in his diary every evening, no matter how tired he is.
Tom writes songs.
Tom writes to Mary every week.
Tom writes to his friend.
Tom writes to his uncle.
Tom writes to me at least once a week.
Tom writes to me every week.
Tom writes to me once a week.
Tom writes under a pseudonym.
Tom writes under the pen name "Jorg".
Tom writes under the pen name "Mary".
Tom writes under the pen name Tom.
Tom writes very beautifully.
Tom writes very fast.
Tom writes very neatly, doesn't he?
Tom writes very quickly.
Tom writes very well.
Tom writes well.
Tom writes with a fountain pen.
Tom writes with his left hand.
Tom writes.
Tom wronged Mary.
Tom wrote Mary a $300 check.
Tom wrote Mary a check for three hundred dollars.
Tom wrote Mary a check.
Tom wrote Mary a fan letter.
Tom wrote Mary a glowing recommendation.
Tom wrote Mary a letter and thanked her for her help.
Tom wrote Mary a letter in French.
Tom wrote Mary a letter of recommendation.
Tom wrote Mary a letter.
Tom wrote Mary a long letter, but he didn't send it to her.
Tom wrote Mary a long letter.
Tom wrote Mary a long love letter.
Tom wrote Mary a love letter, but he did not send it.
Tom wrote Mary a love letter, but he didn't send it.
Tom wrote Mary a love letter.
Tom wrote Mary a message in French.
Tom wrote Mary a message.
Tom wrote Mary a nasty email.
Tom wrote Mary a note.
Tom wrote Mary a poem.
Tom wrote Mary a postcard.
Tom wrote Mary a song.
Tom wrote Mary a soppy love letter and she kept reading it over and over.
Tom wrote Mary a text message, but then deleted it before sending it.
Tom wrote Mary an angry letter, but he didn't send it.
Tom wrote Mary an email in French.
Tom wrote Mary an email saying he wouldn't get home until Monday.
Tom wrote Mary an email.
Tom wrote Mary back as soon as he could.
Tom wrote Mary many letters.
Tom wrote Mary right back.
Tom wrote Mary's address on the envelope.
Tom wrote Mary's name and phone number in his notebook.
Tom wrote Mary's name as the cheque payee.
Tom wrote Mary's name in his little black book.
Tom wrote Mary's number on a napkin.
Tom wrote Mary's phone number in his little black book.
Tom wrote Mary's phone number on a piece of paper and laid it on the table near his telephone.
Tom wrote Mary.
Tom wrote Santa a letter.
Tom wrote a 1,300-page book about how he's a hero and everyone else is mean to him.
Tom wrote a book about Australia.
Tom wrote a book about Boston.
Tom wrote a book about a young man who, in the distant future, falls in love with an extraterrestrial girl, during an invasion of the earth.
Tom wrote a book about birds.
Tom wrote a book about elephants.
Tom wrote a book about his bicycle trip around Australia.
Tom wrote a book about his family.
Tom wrote a book about his life in prison.
Tom wrote a book about his life on the island.
Tom wrote a book about his travels.
Tom wrote a book about living with disabilities.
Tom wrote a book about that.
Tom wrote a book about the Fall of Rome.
Tom wrote a book in French.
Tom wrote a book on that subject.
Tom wrote a book while he was in Australia.
Tom wrote a book while he was living in Australia.
Tom wrote a book.
Tom wrote a children's book that became a best seller.
Tom wrote a cookbook, but it didn't sell very well.
Tom wrote a covering letter for his application.
Tom wrote a fan letter to Mary.
Tom wrote a haiku.
Tom wrote a letter of recommendation for Mary.
Tom wrote a letter to Mary in French.
Tom wrote a letter to Mary last night and posted it this morning.
Tom wrote a letter to Mary this morning.
Tom wrote a letter to Mary yesterday.
Tom wrote a letter to Mary.
Tom wrote a letter to Santa Claus.
Tom wrote a letter to Santa.
Tom wrote a letter to himself.
Tom wrote a letter to his brother in Australia.
Tom wrote a letter to his brother in Boston.
Tom wrote a letter to his sister.
Tom wrote a letter yesterday.
Tom wrote a letter.
Tom wrote a long letter to Mary, but he didn't send it to her.
Tom wrote a long letter to Mary.
Tom wrote a long poem about how he met Mary.
Tom wrote a lot of books about Australia.
Tom wrote a lot of letters to Mary while he was away.
Tom wrote a lot of letters to Mary.
Tom wrote a lot of poems.
Tom wrote a lot of stories.
Tom wrote a love letter to Mary, but never gave it to her.
Tom wrote a love letter to Mary, but she didn't read it.
Tom wrote a love letter to Mary, but she didn’t read it.
Tom wrote a love letter to Mary.
Tom wrote a memo to his boss.
Tom wrote a message in all capital letters.
Tom wrote a message in all caps.
Tom wrote a message on a piece of paper.
Tom wrote a message on a slip of paper.
Tom wrote a message on the piece of paper and put it in the bottle.
Tom wrote a message to Mary.
Tom wrote a note to Mary and left it on her desk.
Tom wrote a note to Mary.
Tom wrote a novel in French.
Tom wrote a novel.
Tom wrote a paper on that subject.
Tom wrote a poem for Mary.
Tom wrote a poem for his girlfriend.
Tom wrote a poem.
Tom wrote a postcard to Mary.
Tom wrote a rueful letter to Mary from prison.
Tom wrote a scathing review of Mary's book.
Tom wrote a sentence about death.
Tom wrote a short story about a young girl and her dog.
Tom wrote a short story.
Tom wrote a single word on the sheet, then folded the sheet in four and left it on the desk.
Tom wrote a sonata.
Tom wrote a song about Mary.
Tom wrote a song about loneliness.
Tom wrote a song about that.
Tom wrote a song for Mary.
Tom wrote a song for me.
Tom wrote a song in French.
Tom wrote a story about that.
Tom wrote a story for the school magazine.
Tom wrote a suicide note.
Tom wrote a three-page love letter to Mary.
Tom wrote a tragedy with a happy ending.
Tom wrote a very detailed description.
Tom wrote a very detailed report.
Tom wrote a very profound report.
Tom wrote a walkthrough for his favourite game.
Tom wrote about Australia.
Tom wrote about everything that happened in his diary.
Tom wrote about having sex with his couch in his memoir.
Tom wrote about his experience.
Tom wrote about his family.
Tom wrote about his ideas.
Tom wrote about that in his journal.
Tom wrote about that in his report.
Tom wrote about that.
Tom wrote about the experience.
Tom wrote all of his successful songs for Mary.
Tom wrote all of these books.
Tom wrote an Icelandic-style saga in Esperanto.
Tom wrote an article about it in the school newspaper.
Tom wrote an article for the school newspaper.
Tom wrote an article for us last year.
Tom wrote an elegiac couplet in Latin about Mary.
Tom wrote an email to Mary.
Tom wrote an essay in French.
Tom wrote an extremely detailed report on that.
Tom wrote an inspirational quote on the chalkboard.
Tom wrote another check for Mary.
Tom wrote back that wouldn't be coming.
Tom wrote back to Mary as soon as he could.
Tom wrote back.
Tom wrote carefully.
Tom wrote down Mary's number on a napkin.
Tom wrote down Mary's phone number.
Tom wrote down Mary's telephone number.
Tom wrote down a summary.
Tom wrote down all the details.
Tom wrote down everybody's names.
Tom wrote down everyone's names.
Tom wrote down everything Mary said.
Tom wrote down his ideas in his notebook.
Tom wrote down his new teacher's name so he wouldn't forget it.
Tom wrote down his phone number for me.
Tom wrote down his phone number.
Tom wrote down his suggestions on a piece of paper and handed it to Mary.
Tom wrote down our names.
Tom wrote down something in his notebook.
Tom wrote down the license plate number.
Tom wrote down the recipe.
Tom wrote down what Mary said.
Tom wrote down without fail every one of Mary's words.
Tom wrote essays on it.
Tom wrote everything down.
Tom wrote his Christmas list.
Tom wrote his first novel when he was twenty.
Tom wrote his last will and testament.
Tom wrote his name in the guestbook.
Tom wrote his name in the sand with a stick.
Tom wrote his name in the snow before zipping back up.
Tom wrote his name on all his notebooks.
Tom wrote his name on every dirty car windshield in the parking lot.
Tom wrote his name on his notebook.
Tom wrote his name on the blackboard.
Tom wrote his name on the cover of his new diary.
Tom wrote his name on the cover of his notebook.
Tom wrote his name on the dust-covered windshield.
Tom wrote his name on the white board.
Tom wrote his name.
Tom wrote his novel on a typewriter.
Tom wrote his novel on an old typewriter.
Tom wrote his number on a napkin and handed it to Mary.
Tom wrote his number on a piece of paper and handed it to Mary.
Tom wrote his paper by copy-pasting from Wikipedia.
Tom wrote his phone number on a napkin and handed it to Mary.
Tom wrote his phone number on a piece of paper and handed it to Mary.
Tom wrote his phone number on a piece of paper.
Tom wrote his thesis in French.
Tom wrote his will.
Tom wrote home to his girlfriend.
Tom wrote in ALL CAPS.
Tom wrote in all capital letters.
Tom wrote in all caps.
Tom wrote in ink.
Tom wrote it all down.
Tom wrote it down.
Tom wrote it for me.
Tom wrote it.
Tom wrote long letters to Mary.
Tom wrote love letters to Mary.
Tom wrote many letters to Mary.
Tom wrote me a discursive letter from prison.
Tom wrote me a letter.
Tom wrote me a long letter.
Tom wrote me a love letter.
Tom wrote me a message in which he asked me for help.
Tom wrote me a song.
Tom wrote me about that.
Tom wrote me back.
Tom wrote me from Australia.
Tom wrote me more than thirty messages yesterday.
Tom wrote me three letters.
Tom wrote my speech for me.
Tom wrote on the ground with a stick.
Tom wrote one of the songs on my album.
Tom wrote our names on the list.
Tom wrote out the vocabulary again and again to practise it.
Tom wrote over thirty books in his lifetime.
Tom wrote poems about his love for Mary.
Tom wrote poems when he was in high school.
Tom wrote poetry.
Tom wrote poison pen letters to most of his neighbors.
Tom wrote postcards to all his friends.
Tom wrote postcards to us.
Tom wrote propaganda online without pay for the government, but cried when everyone in his hometown was massacred by the government.
Tom wrote right back to Mary.
Tom wrote several children's books.
Tom wrote some country songs.
Tom wrote some postcards to his friends.
Tom wrote some postcards.
Tom wrote something down on a piece of paper.
Tom wrote something in his notebook.
Tom wrote something in the guest book.
Tom wrote something in the guestbook.
Tom wrote something in the visitor log.
Tom wrote something in the visitors' album.
Tom wrote something in the visitors' book.
Tom wrote something on a piece of paper and handed it to Mary.
Tom wrote something on a piece of paper.
Tom wrote something on the back of the envelope.
Tom wrote something on the back of the letter.
Tom wrote something on the blackboard.
Tom wrote something on the dirty window.
Tom wrote something.
Tom wrote stories.
Tom wrote that Mary was in the hospital.
Tom wrote that book.
Tom wrote that down.
Tom wrote that one under a pseudonym.
Tom wrote that song three years ago.
Tom wrote that song with Mary.
Tom wrote that story.
Tom wrote that.
Tom wrote the Art of Gardening.
Tom wrote the Art of Love.
Tom wrote the book I was reading last week.
Tom wrote the book himself.
Tom wrote the introduction.
Tom wrote the letter for Mary.
Tom wrote the letter himself.
Tom wrote the letter to Mary before he went to school.
Tom wrote the lyrics to that song.
Tom wrote the lyrics.
Tom wrote the message himself.
Tom wrote the message in French.
Tom wrote the message to Mary in French.
Tom wrote the note in Esperanto.
Tom wrote the note in French.
Tom wrote the report all by himself.
Tom wrote the report.
Tom wrote the screenplay.
Tom wrote the script.
Tom wrote the song that I just sang.
Tom wrote the song that Mary sang last night at the pub.
Tom wrote the whole sentence correctly.
Tom wrote the wrong address on the envelope.
Tom wrote things he's never done in his resumé.
Tom wrote this book.
Tom wrote this letter last night.
Tom wrote this letter.
Tom wrote this report by himself.
Tom wrote this report.
Tom wrote this three weeks ago.
Tom wrote this.
Tom wrote three books in three years.
Tom wrote three books last year.
Tom wrote three books.
Tom wrote three letters.
Tom wrote to Mary about John.
Tom wrote to Mary asking for help.
Tom wrote to Mary asking for money.
Tom wrote to Mary every week.
Tom wrote to Mary this morning.
Tom wrote to Mary this week.
Tom wrote to Mary to tell her that he loved her.
Tom wrote to Mary to tell her what had happened to him.
Tom wrote to Mary.
Tom wrote to a friend.
Tom wrote to an advice column for help.
Tom wrote to his father asking for money.
Tom wrote to his fathers.
Tom wrote to his parents.
Tom wrote to his uncle in Australia.
Tom wrote to let me know that he wouldn't be visiting us next summer.
Tom wrote to me about this.
Tom wrote to me from Boston.
Tom wrote to me in French.
Tom wrote to me yesterday.
Tom wrote to me, telling me about his trip.
Tom wrote to the advice column.
Tom wrote two books.
Tom wrote us postcards.
Tom wrung his hands.
Tom wrung his towel.
Tom wrung out the cloth.
Tom wrung out the towel and hung it up to dry.
Tom wrung out the towel.
Tom wrung the chicken's neck.
Tom wrung the towel dry.
Tom wrung the water out of his wet swimsuit.
Tom xeroxed the document.
Tom yanked Mary's hair.
Tom yanked Mary's ponytail.
Tom yanked a pistol from his jacket pocket.
Tom yanked off John's fake beard.
Tom yanked open the desk drawer and reached inside for his pistol.
Tom yanked open the drawer and grabbed a pencil.
Tom yanked the curtains closed.
Tom yanked the curtains open.
Tom yanked the dog's tail.
Tom yanked the door open.
Tom yanked the microphone out of Mary's hands.
Tom yanked the plug from the wall.
Tom yanked the rifle out of Mary's hands.
Tom yawned and rubbed sleep from his eyes.
Tom yawned loudly.
Tom yawned so hard in the pub yesterday that he dislocated his jaw.
Tom yawned.
Tom yearns to live in the country.
Tom yelled Mary's name.
Tom yelled again.
Tom yelled as loud as he could.
Tom yelled at Mary for making a mess in the living room.
Tom yelled at Mary in French.
Tom yelled at Mary, and she yelled back at him.
Tom yelled at Mary.
Tom yelled at a customer which cost him his job.
Tom yelled at everybody.
Tom yelled at his boss.
Tom yelled at his car.
Tom yelled at his computer.
Tom yelled at his mother.
Tom yelled at me for doing that.
Tom yelled at me for no reason.
Tom yelled at me.
Tom yelled at the TV when his character died.
Tom yelled at the ref through the TV.
Tom yelled at the waiter.
Tom yelled at the waitress because she spilled hot coffee on him.
Tom yelled back that he was OK.
Tom yelled for help, but no one came.
Tom yelled for help, but nobody came.
Tom yelled for help, but nobody heard him.
Tom yelled for help.
Tom yelled in pain.
Tom yelled loud enough for everyone to hear.
Tom yelled out Mary's name.
Tom yelled over the music.
Tom yelled over the noise.
Tom yelled something in French just before he dove into the water.
Tom yelled something in French that I couldn't understand.
Tom yelled something in French.
Tom yelled that he couldn't hold onto the rope any longer, and then he let go.
Tom yelled the way coaches do.
Tom yelled to Mary.
Tom yelled, but nobody heard him.
Tom yelled.
Tom yells at Mary a lot.
Tom yells at his computer whenever it crashes.
Tom yet again expressed his displeasure over the still ongoing strike.
Tom you're an ...!
Tom zapped John with a laser.
Tom zigzagged between the cars.
Tom zigzagged his way down the motorway.
Tom zipped his bag shut.
Tom zipped his jacket up.
Tom zipped up his bag.
Tom zipped up his coat.
Tom zipped up his fly.
Tom zipped up his jacket.
Tom zipped up his jumpsuit.
Tom zipped up his leather jacket.
Tom zoned out completely.
Tom zoned out.
Tom zoomed around the corner.
Tom zoomed in.
Tom zoomed out.
Tom!
Tom! Answer me! I know you're in there, and I know you can hear me.
Tom! Are you all right?
Tom! Bring me a sandwich.
Tom! Can I get some privacy?
Tom! Come down, breakfast is ready.
Tom! Get back to work!
Tom! How could you?
Tom! How nice to see you again!
Tom! I shouldn't have to say this again, apologise to your friend.
Tom! I'm so glad you're safe!
Tom! Oh my God!
Tom! Telephone!
Tom! The car is on fire!
Tom! The phone's for you!
Tom! This is insane!
Tom! What a nice surprise!
Tom! What are you doing?
Tom! What have you done?
Tom! What the fuck are you doing?
Tom! Your mom is gonna be angry!
Tom'll be a good footballer one day.
Tom'll be all right soon.
Tom'll be doing it with us later.
Tom'll be here soon.
Tom'll be in Boston next weekend.
Tom'll be next door.
Tom'll be ready.
Tom'll call in to see you after work.
Tom'll call.
Tom'll change.
Tom'll come at 2.30.
Tom'll come.
Tom'll cry.
Tom'll die.
Tom'll do his nut if you don't bring him his doughnut.
Tom'll do his nut when he finds out.
Tom'll find out sooner or later.
Tom'll find out.
Tom'll flip his lid when he finds out.
Tom'll give you a right bollocking if you talk to him like that.
Tom'll go up like a bottle of pop when he finds out that Mary went to the pictures with John.
Tom'll go up like a bottle of pop when he finds out that Mary's gone to the pictures with John.
Tom'll go.
Tom'll help.
Tom'll hit the roof when he finds out that Mary went to the cinema with John.
Tom'll hit the roof when he finds out that Mary's gone to the cinema with John.
Tom'll improve.
Tom'll keep it for now.
Tom'll know.
Tom'll live.
Tom'll lose.
Tom'll make sure it goes smoothly.
Tom'll manage.
Tom'll need to improve his mapreading skills if he wants to compete in the upcoming orienteering competition.
Tom'll pay.
Tom'll quit.
Tom'll reconsider.
Tom'll recover.
Tom'll remember.
Tom'll speak.
Tom'll stay.
Tom'll succeed.
Tom'll survive.
Tom'll talk.
Tom'll understand.
Tom'll wait.
Tom's "treatise" was little more than a racist diatribe.
Tom's 30th birthday is next Monday.
Tom's BO is strong.
Tom's Bible reading group petered out after a few months through lack of interest.
Tom's Boston accent is obvious.
Tom's Bulgarian.
Tom's Canadian accent is obvious.
Tom's Canadian.
Tom's DNA doesn't match the DNA found at the crime scene.
Tom's DNA matches the DNA found at the crime scene.
Tom's English leaves much to be desired.
Tom's Esperanto is already rather good.
Tom's Esperanto is quite good already.
Tom's French got better after he started studying grammar.
Tom's French has gotten a lot better.
Tom's French has gotten better.
Tom's French has gotten much better.
Tom's French has improved a lot in the past three months.
Tom's French has improved a lot since last year.
Tom's French has improved a lot.
Tom's French has improved quite a bit.
Tom's French has improved quite a lot.
Tom's French has improved significantly in the past three months.
Tom's French has improved significantly.
Tom's French has improved since he moved to France.
Tom's French has improved.
Tom's French improved after he started studying grammar.
Tom's French is OK.
Tom's French is a little rusty.
Tom's French is a lot better now than it used to be.
Tom's French is a mixture of different dialects.
Tom's French is actually not so good.
Tom's French is actually not very good.
Tom's French is almost perfect.
Tom's French is already pretty good.
Tom's French is already rather good.
Tom's French is awful.
Tom's French is bad.
Tom's French is better than Mary's.
Tom's French is better than his English.
Tom's French is better than mine.
Tom's French is coming along pretty well.
Tom's French is correct but tentative.
Tom's French is easier to understand than Mary's.
Tom's French is excellent.
Tom's French is far from perfect and so is mine.
Tom's French is far from perfect.
Tom's French is getting better.
Tom's French is getting much better.
Tom's French is gradually improving.
Tom's French is hard to understand.
Tom's French is impeccable.
Tom's French is improving little by little.
Tom's French is improving very quickly.
Tom's French is improving.
Tom's French is much better now than it was a year ago.
Tom's French is much better than Mary's.
Tom's French is perfect.
Tom's French is pretty bad.
Tom's French is pretty good.
Tom's French is quite good already.
Tom's French is quite good.
Tom's French is really bad.
Tom's French is really good.
Tom's French is really quite good.
Tom's French is steadily getting better.
Tom's French is still pretty bad.
Tom's French is surprisingly good.
Tom's French is terrible.
Tom's French is useless. Even my nan speaks it better.
Tom's French is very bad.
Tom's French is very good.
Tom's French isn't as good as Mary's.
Tom's French isn't as good as he thinks it is.
Tom's French isn't as good as mine.
Tom's French isn't bad.
Tom's French isn't good enough to work here.
Tom's French isn't good.
Tom's French isn't perfect.
Tom's French isn't really very good.
Tom's French isn't very good.
Tom's French pronunciation is excellent.
Tom's French pronunciation is much better than Mary's.
Tom's French pronunciation is really good.
Tom's French pronunciation is very good.
Tom's French pronunciation isn't as good as he thinks it is.
Tom's French pronunciation isn't very good.
Tom's French sounded perfect to me.
Tom's French sounds natural.
Tom's French sounds pretty good.
Tom's French teacher called his mother to let her know that Tom had skipped his French class several times.
Tom's French was surprisingly good.
Tom's French will get better with time.
Tom's French will improve in time.
Tom's French-Canadian.
Tom's German is pretty good.
Tom's German is quite good.
Tom's German is still weak.
Tom's Hungarian girlfriend is ten years younger than him. He's been dating her since his visit to Budapest, where they met.
Tom's IQ test came back negative.
Tom's Japanese is improving little by little.
Tom's Mary's brother.
Tom's Mary's husband and butler in one person.
Tom's PIN is the last 4 digits of pi.
Tom's RA caught him using a hot plate in his room and wrote him up.
Tom's RAM glows in rainbow colors when the computer is on.
Tom's T-shirt is light green.
Tom's TV has rabbit ears.
Tom's Tesla burnt out.
Tom's Tesla caught fire.
Tom's Tesla cought fire in the garage and his whole house burnt down.
Tom's Tesla crashed him into another car.
Tom's Welsh is impeccable.
Tom's a Chad.
Tom's a European.
Tom's a Jew hater.
Tom's a Putinversteher.
Tom's a Satanist.
Tom's a bad father.
Tom's a bad person.
Tom's a beginner, but he catches on fast.
Tom's a big boy now.
Tom's a big coward.
Tom's a big liar.
Tom's a big, fat slob.
Tom's a billionaire, not a millionaire.
Tom's a bit freaked out.
Tom's a bit kooky, but he's a good guy.
Tom's a bit nutty.
Tom's a bit of a kook.
Tom's a bit of a talker.
Tom's a bit of a troll.
Tom's a bit overweight, but formerly he was quite a good athlete.
Tom's a bit paranoid, don't you think?
Tom's a bit posh.
Tom's a bit slow on the uptake.
Tom's a bottom.
Tom's a bright boy.
Tom's a bright boy. He catches on very quickly.
Tom's a bright kid.
Tom's a bully, just like John is.
Tom's a capitalist.
Tom's a cat worshiper.
Tom's a cat.
Tom's a character, isn't he?
Tom's a charmer.
Tom's a city boy.
Tom's a city guy.
Tom's a clever one.
Tom's a close friend.
Tom's a clown.
Tom's a coke fiend.
Tom's a cokehead.
Tom's a committed conservationist.
Tom's a communist.
Tom's a complete tosser.
Tom's a cop. Don't talk to him.
Tom's a crack shot.
Tom's a creature of habit, and does pretty much the same things every day.
Tom's a cuckold.
Tom's a dangerous man.
Tom's a day trader.
Tom's a dead man. He just doesn't know it yet.
Tom's a deadbeat.
Tom's a decent, law-abiding citizen.
Tom's a democratic socialist.
Tom's a dentist and runs a successful practice.
Tom's a dick.
Tom's a dickhead.
Tom's a difficult person to talk to.
Tom's a dobber.
Tom's a doctor.
Tom's a dope.
Tom's a drunk.
Tom's a famous actor, isn't he?
Tom's a fan of reality TV.
Tom's a fan.
Tom's a fantastic leader.
Tom's a father of three.
Tom's a fiddle player.
Tom's a filthy piece of toerag.
Tom's a fine babysitter, just very serious, almost staid, and the kids think he's a bore.
Tom's a fine-looking boy.
Tom's a first-time offender.
Tom's a footballer, isn't he?
Tom's a fraud. Whenever he does gigs, instead of playing his DJ sets live, he always pre-records them.
Tom's a freshman on the soccer team.
Tom's a friend of his.
Tom's a friend.
Tom's a fuck-up.
Tom's a ghost.
Tom's a glass half full man.
Tom's a glory seeker.
Tom's a good bloke, professionally and personally.
Tom's a good carpenter.
Tom's a good fellow.
Tom's a good person to be friends with.
Tom's a good person with a lot of flaws.
Tom's a good person, but he's boring.
Tom's a good-hearted person.
Tom's a great actor, isn't he?
Tom's a great actor.
Tom's a great bloke.
Tom's a great guy to hang out with.
Tom's a great journalist.
Tom's a great lad.
Tom's a grouch.
Tom's a hard person to talk to.
Tom's a heavy sleeper and didn't hear the intruder smash the lounge room window.
Tom's a high-flying wheeler-dealer who often negotiates deals worth millions of dollars.
Tom's a hillbilly.
Tom's a hopeless romantic.
Tom's a hot mess.
Tom's a huge guy.
Tom's a huge socialist.
Tom's a jerk, isn't he?
Tom's a jerk.
Tom's a junkie.
Tom's a keen hiker and bird watcher.
Tom's a klutz.
Tom's a knight.
Tom's a knobhead.
Tom's a kvetch.
Tom's a liar.
Tom's a liberal.
Tom's a libertarian.
Tom's a likable guy.
Tom's a likeable bloke.
Tom's a likeable fella.
Tom's a little nervous.
Tom's a loner who shuns close relationships.
Tom's a loner.
Tom's a lot bigger than me.
Tom's a lot happier since he changed jobs.
Tom's a lot smarter than people give him credit for.
Tom's a lover, not a fighter.
Tom's a lumberjack.
Tom's a mall cop.
Tom's a man of his word.
Tom's a massive twat.
Tom's a master of the one-liner.
Tom's a mediocre painter.
Tom's a member of my credit union.
Tom's a member of my health club.
Tom's a member of my housing co-op.
Tom's a moderate drinker, but his father drinks like a fish.
Tom's a moderate.
Tom's a money-grubbing opportunist.
Tom's a monster.
Tom's a moon worshiper.
Tom's a mystery to us.
Tom's a mystery.
Tom's a narc.
Tom's a natural when it comes to games involving hand-eye coordination.
Tom's a nature worshiper.
Tom's a nice boy.
Tom's a nice guy. Everyone likes him.
Tom's a nice man. Everyone loves him.
Tom's a night owl, but he's very sluggish in the morning.
Tom's a nutcase.
Tom's a pagan.
Tom's a party animal.
Tom's a pensioner.
Tom's a petrol head and loves anything to do with cars.
Tom's a philanderer.
Tom's a pillock.
Tom's a polite, kind, and self-effacing chap who you wouldn't hesitate to introduce to your parents.
Tom's a polyglot.
Tom's a pragmatist.
Tom's a private person, and he keeps very much to himself.
Tom's a quarter Jewish.
Tom's a rat.
Tom's a reactionary.
Tom's a real closet case.
Tom's a real expert.
Tom's a real joker.
Tom's a real night owl, and often does his best writing after midnight.
Tom's a real tightwad.
Tom's a recluse.
Tom's a recreational marijuana user.
Tom's a rent-a-cop.
Tom's a rich kid.
Tom's a scoundrel.
Tom's a sexy man.
Tom's a shady fellow.
Tom's a shit.
Tom's a shithead.
Tom's a sleazy letch, and he gives Mary the creeps.
Tom's a slob.
Tom's a smart guy.
Tom's a snake.
Tom's a social democrat.
Tom's a sophist.
Tom's a spitting image of the old man, isn't he?
Tom's a stiff-necked old man.
Tom's a stone-cold murderer.
Tom's a sun worshiper.
Tom's a teacher, right?
Tom's a terrible joke teller, because he often forgets the punchline.
Tom's a terrible self-important person.
Tom's a threat.
Tom's a time traveler.
Tom's a tomcat.
Tom's a top.
Tom's a tosser.
Tom's a total bellend.
Tom's a townie.
Tom's a trader.
Tom's a typical Englishman.
Tom's a utilitarian.
Tom's a vampire.
Tom's a very bad guy.
Tom's a very careless driver.
Tom's a very good engineer.
Tom's a very good fighter.
Tom's a very gregarious person.
Tom's a very impatient, angry person.
Tom's a very likeable guy.
Tom's a very nice boy.
Tom's a very nice person.
Tom's a very pessimistic person and always sees the negative side of any situation.
Tom's a very popular boy.
Tom's a very practical, down-to-earth person.
Tom's a very tall boy.
Tom's a volunteer.
Tom's a weaselly motherfucker.
Tom's a weeb.
Tom's aberrant thinking persists.
Tom's about 10 years older than Mary.
Tom's about to show his true colours.
Tom's abrupt manner puts a lot of people off.
Tom's absence was noted in the transcript.
Tom's absence was strange and inexplicable.
Tom's absent, as he has a cold.
Tom's accent is barely discernable.
Tom's accent is hardly noticeable.
Tom's acceptance speech was OK.
Tom's accounts have been closed.
Tom's accusations are false.
Tom's accusations were on target.
Tom's achievements are impressive.
Tom's achievements speak for themselves.
Tom's acknowledgement that he stole the ring cleared the maid of suspicion.
Tom's acting career was pigeonholed as a slapstick comedian.
Tom's acting is just awful.
Tom's acting is very good.
Tom's actions aren't my fault. Just remember that.
Tom's actions aren't predictable.
Tom's actions might seem bizarre, but he's actually playing five-dimensional chess.
Tom's actions saved Mary's life.
Tom's activism didn't seem to have any identifiable effect.
Tom's actual name isn't Tom.
Tom's actually an alien.
Tom's adopted.
Tom's adoptive father is John.
Tom's adoptive parents are much kinder to him than his birth parents ever were.
Tom's advice didn't help at all.
Tom's advice has always been very helpful.
Tom's advice has been helpful.
Tom's advice helped a lot.
Tom's advice made me change my mind.
Tom's advice often isn't very good.
Tom's advice was very helpful.
Tom's advisor was Mary Jackson.
Tom's afraid of the dark.
Tom's afraid.
Tom's aggressiveness is increasing.
Tom's agility amazed Mary.
Tom's agoraphobia often seems like an insuperable challenge.
Tom's air mattress has a leak.
Tom's alarm didn't go off.
Tom's alcoholic father often beat him up.
Tom's alcoholic father often beat him.
Tom's alert.
Tom's algorithm must have a glitch.
Tom's alibi checked out.
Tom's alibi has been corroborated.
Tom's alibi is airtight.
Tom's alibi is ironclad.
Tom's alibi seemed airtight.
Tom's alive.
Tom's all right now.
Tom's allegations are false.
Tom's allergic to cats.
Tom's allergic to dogs.
Tom's allergic to honey, remember?
Tom's allergic to honey.
Tom's allergic to shellfish.
Tom's alma mater is MIT.
Tom's alone.
Tom's already going gray.
Tom's already here, but Bill hasn't come yet.
Tom's already here.
Tom's always at home.
Tom's always been there for me whenever I needed him.
Tom's always been there.
Tom's always bigging himself up.
Tom's always busy.
Tom's always changing careers.
Tom's always criticizing Mary and putting her down.
Tom's always got a million ideas in his head.
Tom's always got a plan B.
Tom's always harping on about the neighbours.
Tom's always hungry.
Tom's always like this.
Tom's always paying by phone and he has had his digital citizenship done.
Tom's always sponging off us.
Tom's always such a pushover, isn't he?
Tom's always taking my pencils and rubbers.
Tom's always talking himself up.
Tom's always telling Mary that he loves her.
Tom's always the victim.
Tom's amazed.
Tom's amazing.
Tom's amnesia returned his mind to his teenage years.
Tom's amused.
Tom's an Earth worshiper.
Tom's an absolute legend.
Tom's an absolute pro.
Tom's an activist.
Tom's an anarchist.
Tom's an antisemite.
Tom's an applied mathematician.
Tom's an arsehole.
Tom's an asshole in three different languages.
Tom's an asshole.
Tom's an autodidact: he's taught himself everything he knows.
Tom's an educated fool.
Tom's an egotist.
Tom's an electronics engineer.
Tom's an entitled asshole.
Tom's an expert.
Tom's an extremely honest person.
Tom's an icon in the bear community.
Tom's an imperialist.
Tom's an incredible and inspiring cook.
Tom's an incredible cook.
Tom's an inspiring cook.
Tom's an irritating person to work with because he'll never admit it when he's made a mistake.
Tom's an old fart.
Tom's an old hermit.
Tom's an old sea dog.
Tom's an outgoing guy, but he's so camera shy.
Tom's an urbanite.
Tom's analysis of the situation seems correct.
Tom's ancestor was a member of England's landed gentry.
Tom's ancestor was a member of a blacksmiths' guild.
Tom's ancestors came from Africa.
Tom's ancestors emigrated to Australia.
Tom's ancestors were monkeys.
Tom's and John's girlfriends went to the same high school.
Tom's and Mary's bicycles were blue before they painted them red.
Tom's and Mary's bicycles were stolen last week.
Tom's and Mary's birthdays are both in October.
Tom's and Mary's cars are always dirty.
Tom's and Mary's cars are dirty.
Tom's and Mary's crime spree stretch multiple states.
Tom's and Mary's doctors advised them to get more exercise.
Tom's and Mary's dogs didn't get along.
Tom's and Mary's dogs don't get along.
Tom's and Mary's dogs fought.
Tom's and Mary's dogs get along.
Tom's and Mary's dogs got along.
Tom's and Mary's eyes met.
Tom's and Mary's faces is very pale.
Tom's and Mary's houses aren't far from John's.
Tom's and Mary's houses aren't far from their offices.
Tom's and Mary's houses aren't far from their school.
Tom's and Mary's houses aren't far from their schools.
Tom's and Mary's houses aren't far from where they work.
Tom's and Mary's lips met.
Tom's and Mary's locker are next to John's.
Tom's and Mary's marriage showed signs of trouble.
Tom's and Mary's parents are friends.
Tom's and Mary's parents are good friends.
Tom's and Mary's parents aren't going to let them go to Boston with you.
Tom's and Mary's parents helped them with their down payment.
Tom's and Mary's parents knew each other.
Tom's and Mary's parents were good friends.
Tom's and Mary's phone was confiscated because they were caught texting in class.
Tom's and Mary's phones look exactly alike.
Tom's and Mary's phones look the same.
Tom's and Mary's relationship continued to deteriorate.
Tom's and Mary's salaries are much higher than mine.
Tom's and Mary's salaries are the same as mine.
Tom's and Mary's schedules are different.
Tom's and Mary's shoes are too big for them.
Tom's and Mary's shoes are too small for them.
Tom's anger and angst is slowly destroying him.
Tom's anger blazed out suddenly.
Tom's anger faded.
Tom's anger hurt their marriage.
Tom's anger subsided.
Tom's angry.
Tom's ankle is broken.
Tom's ankle is swollen, as he had kicked the door of his wife's lover in.
Tom's annoyed.
Tom's annual income is more than $100,000.
Tom's answer didn't make any sense.
Tom's answer got me thinking.
Tom's answer is unacceptable.
Tom's answer is wrong.
Tom's answer may surprise you.
Tom's answer shows that he's missed the whole point of the story.
Tom's answer stunned everyone.
Tom's answer surprised Mary.
Tom's answer surprised me.
Tom's answer to Exercise 3 in the examination was correct but, believing it to be wrong, he crossed it out, which meant that it couldn't be accepted and he received no marks for it.
Tom's answer took everyone aback.
Tom's answer took everyone by surprise.
Tom's answer was different than Mary's.
Tom's answer was incorrect.
Tom's answer was neither yes nor no.
Tom's answer was no.
Tom's answer was not technically a lie.
Tom's answer was quick and to the point.
Tom's answer was right.
Tom's answer was surprising.
Tom's answer was that he didn't know.
Tom's answer was very evasive.
Tom's answer was very wordy.
Tom's answer was wrong.
Tom's answer wasn't technically a lie.
Tom's answers were correct.
Tom's answers were wrong.
Tom's anxious.
Tom's apartment could use a feminine touch.
Tom's apartment has a small patio.
Tom's apartment has exposed-brick walls.
Tom's apartment has no air conditioning.
Tom's apartment has three bedrooms.
Tom's apartment is a real mess.
Tom's apartment is cluttered.
Tom's apartment is full of antiques.
Tom's apartment is in Boston.
Tom's apartment is in the same building as Mary's apartment is.
Tom's apartment is in the same building as Mary's.
Tom's apartment is in this building.
Tom's apartment is infested with cockroaches.
Tom's apartment is located within walking distance of the city center.
Tom's apartment is near where the bomb exploded.
Tom's apartment is on the third floor.
Tom's apartment is really small.
Tom's apartment is small, but it's very cozy.
Tom's apartment is small.
Tom's apartment is spacious.
Tom's apartment is tastefully decorated.
Tom's apartment is tiny.
Tom's apartment is very small.
Tom's apartment is very tidy.
Tom's apartment is way too big for just one man.
Tom's apartment is way too big for just one person.
Tom's apartment is within walking distance of the train station.
Tom's apartment looks great after he had it re-carpeted.
Tom's apartment overlooks Central Park.
Tom's apartment overlooks the park.
Tom's apartment smelled awful.
Tom's apartment smelled really bad.
Tom's apartment smelled.
Tom's apartment was a mess.
Tom's apartment was burglarized.
Tom's apartment was small.
Tom's apostasy will not go unpunished.
Tom's appeal has been denied.
Tom's appeal was denied.
Tom's appeal wasn't successful.
Tom's appearance has changed.
Tom's appearance is noticeably different.
Tom's appendix had to be removed.
Tom's appetite was good.
Tom's application got turned down.
Tom's application to university was rejected.
Tom's application was refused.
Tom's appointment is effective immediately.
Tom's appointment ran late.
Tom's appointment takes effect immediately.
Tom's appointment was thirty minutes ago.
Tom's approach is different.
Tom's approach is somewhat different.
Tom's approach to self-care includes meditation.
Tom's approach will be different.
Tom's approaching fifty.
Tom's approval is important to me.
Tom's approval rating is dropping.
Tom's are not quite as clean as Mary's.
Tom's arguing in bad faith.
Tom's argument was unsound.
Tom's arguments are entirely specious.
Tom's arguments did not convince us.
Tom's arguments didn't convince us.
Tom's arm brushed against mine.
Tom's arm had to be amputated.
Tom's arm hurts.
Tom's arm is fine.
Tom's arm is in a sling.
Tom's arm must be amputated.
Tom's arm needs to be amputated.
Tom's arm will have to be amputated.
Tom's arms ached.
Tom's arms are snakes.
Tom's arms were folded across his chest.
Tom's arrest came as a surprise.
Tom's arrest was unexpected.
Tom's arrest wasn't unexpected.
Tom's arrival caused a real commotion in our house.
Tom's arrival only aggravated the whole situation.
Tom's arrival put me in a bad mood.
Tom's arrival seemed to be the cue for everyone to get up and start talking.
Tom's arrived.
Tom's arrogance led to his own undoing.
Tom's arrogance makes it impossible to work with him.
Tom's art is so cute, it gave me diabetes.
Tom's as Jewish as a ham and cheese sandwich.
Tom's as bald as a badger, but he had a full head of hair when he was young.
Tom's as strong as an ox, yet nevertheless is a coward.
Tom's asking for trouble.
Tom's asking too much of me.
Tom's asleep.
Tom's assessment was correct.
Tom's assistant came in and handed Mary a message.
Tom's assistant did that for him.
Tom's assistant is Canadian.
Tom's at the beach.
Tom's at the door. Please ask him to come in.
Tom's attacker pushed him against the wall.
Tom's attempt at a solution created more problems than it solved.
Tom's attempt at humour went over like a lead balloon.
Tom's attempts to guess the market were hit-and-miss.
Tom's attempts to woo usually fail.
Tom's attention remained focused on Mary.
Tom's attention turned to Mary.
Tom's attention wandered.
Tom's attitude annoys me.
Tom's attitude changed suddenly.
Tom's attitude has changed.
Tom's attitude infuriates me.
Tom's attitude is awesome.
Tom's attitude is bad.
Tom's attitude is commendable.
Tom's attitude is excellent.
Tom's attitude is pretty good.
Tom's attitude is quite simple to understand.
Tom's attitude is startling.
Tom's audacity is enormous.
Tom's audition didn't go well.
Tom's aunt brought him up.
Tom's aunt gassed herself.
Tom's aunt is his mother's sister.
Tom's aunt is richer than mine.
Tom's aunt knew Mary's and Tom's marriage wouldn't last.
Tom's aunt lives in Australia.
Tom's authority here is limited.
Tom's autonomy needs to be respected.
Tom's autopsy revealed that he died from an overdose.
Tom's avatar is queerer than a three-dollar bill.
Tom's awake.
Tom's aware of what's happening.
Tom's awfully sensitive.
Tom's awkward around women.
Tom's ax is sharper than mine.
Tom's axe is sharper than mine.
Tom's back at the mission.
Tom's back hurts.
Tom's back in hospital.
Tom's back in the can.
Tom's back in the hospital.
Tom's back in the slammer.
Tom's back isn't doing well.
Tom's back on heroin.
Tom's back on the bottle.
Tom's back on the junk.
Tom's back on the street.
Tom's back seized up.
Tom's back suddenly seized up.
Tom's back to winning ways.
Tom's back twisted in pain.
Tom's background is in accounting.
Tom's backpack is near the door.
Tom's backpack is over there.
Tom's backpack was lighter than Mary's.
Tom's backyard is full of junk he's picked up at garage sales.
Tom's bad ear is his left one.
Tom's bad eye is his right one.
Tom's bag is empty.
Tom's bag is full.
Tom's bag is near the door.
Tom's bag is on the table.
Tom's bag was badly damaged.
Tom's bag was very light.
Tom's bags are packed.
Tom's baked.
Tom's bald head is so shiny.
Tom's bald head is very shiny.
Tom's band has a large following.
Tom's band is back together.
Tom's band is on an indefinite hiatus.
Tom's band is playing here tonight.
Tom's band needs a bass player.
Tom's band of ageing, overweight pub rockers creaked on to the stage in their tight leather trousers.
Tom's band performed as well.
Tom's band performed, too.
Tom's band split up a few years ago.
Tom's band was in a funk, and you could smell it on them.
Tom's band was really good tonight.
Tom's bank account has been frozen by the IRS.
Tom's bank account is completely empty.
Tom's bank account is empty.
Tom's bank account was completely empty.
Tom's barely coping with his workload at the moment.
Tom's barn burned to the ground yesterday.
Tom's barn collapsed.
Tom's barn was struck by lightning twice last year.
Tom's base salary will be $300,000.
Tom's baseball glove was on the dresser.
Tom's basement is filled with stuff that he hasn't used in years and will probably never use again.
Tom's bathroom has a heated floor.
Tom's bathroom has a radiant floor.
Tom's beard is as white as snow.
Tom's beard is bushier than John's.
Tom's beard is longer than John's.
Tom's beautifully tended garden was his pride and joy. Each morning after getting up, he would step out on to his balcony to admire it.
Tom's become a hipster.
Tom's becoming a cult leader.
Tom's bed hasn't been slept in.
Tom's bed is covered by a Pikachu blanket.
Tom's bed's empty.
Tom's bedroom door is shut.
Tom's bedroom door was closed.
Tom's bedroom has a good view of the ocean.
Tom's bedroom has a large walk-in closet.
Tom's bedroom is blue.
Tom's bedroom is cleaner than mine.
Tom's bedroom is directly above the kitchen.
Tom's bedroom is much larger than mine.
Tom's bedroom only has one small window.
Tom's bedroom window was ajar.
Tom's bedtime is nine o'clock on school nights.
Tom's beef stew is good.
Tom's beef stew is the best I've ever tasted.
Tom's been acting a little loopy ever since he started taking that new medicine.
Tom's been around the world and back several times.
Tom's been avoiding people for some time.
Tom's been blacklisted.
Tom's been caught on camera fly-tipping.
Tom's been crazy about Chinese food lately.
Tom's been drinking beer.
Tom's been eating hardly anything lately.
Tom's been going through a rough patch lately.
Tom's been granted an EHCP.
Tom's been having a rough time since the divorce.
Tom's been here at least once, hasn't he?
Tom's been hooked on Japanese food recently.
Tom's been in the hospital ever since he was canceled on Twitter.
Tom's been into guitar recently.
Tom's been kneading the dough for fifteen minutes.
Tom's been living in Boston since he was six.
Tom's been living like a beggar ever since he got separated.
Tom's been looking for you.
Tom's been lying to you all this time.
Tom's been meaning to clean out his badly cluttered garage for years.
Tom's been on an around the world trip since I last saw him.
Tom's been on stress leave for three months.
Tom's been out of it lately.
Tom's been out of work for half a year.
Tom's been playing computer games since noon.
Tom's been really into drumming recently.
Tom's been so busy lately he doesn't know whether he's coming or going.
Tom's been talking about the past a lot lately, and looking through old family albums.
Tom's been telling nonsenses lately.
Tom's been there several times, but I've never been there.
Tom's been very busy at work and can't get any time off until the week after next.
Tom's been very busy lately, so you need to be patient.
Tom's been very creative lately.
Tom's been working for minimum wage.
Tom's been working on this report since this morning.
Tom's beeper exploded.
Tom's beer froze because of the cold.
Tom's behavior angered me.
Tom's behavior annoys me.
Tom's behavior at the party was inexcusable.
Tom's behavior became more erratic.
Tom's behavior had very negative effects on his workmates.
Tom's behavior had very negative effects on the people he worked with.
Tom's behavior has changed after that incident.
Tom's behavior has changed.
Tom's behavior has improved a lot.
Tom's behavior infuriated me.
Tom's behavior is insufferable.
Tom's behavior is unacceptable.
Tom's behavior is unpredictable when he's drunk.
Tom's behavior is unpredictable.
Tom's behavior isn't harming anyone.
Tom's behavior never ceases to amaze me.
Tom's behavior never ceases to surprise me.
Tom's behavior only aggravated the whole situation.
Tom's behavior really annoys me.
Tom's behavior this evening has been asinine.
Tom's behavior was a little odd.
Tom's behavior was bad.
Tom's behavior was impeccable.
Tom's behavior was inexcusable.
Tom's behavior was peculiar.
Tom's behavior was shameful.
Tom's behavior was strange.
Tom's behavior was unacceptable.
Tom's behavior wasn't acceptable.
Tom's behavior worries me.
Tom's behaviour at the party was inexcusable.
Tom's behaviour depresses me.
Tom's behaviour had very negative effects on his workmates.
Tom's behaviour is becoming unbearable.
Tom's behaviour is getting worse.
Tom's behaviour is strange. He might be possessed.
Tom's behaviour is unpredictable when he's drunk.
Tom's behaviour is unpredictable.
Tom's behaviour never ceases to amaze me.
Tom's behaviour towards me has changed.
Tom's being Tom.
Tom's being always late for work, sleeping on the job, and forgetting to lock up the office when he leaves are some of our complaints.
Tom's being called out.
Tom's being canceled on Twitter.
Tom's being here means a lot to you, doesn't it?
Tom's being mean.
Tom's belly is growing.
Tom's belt is the same color as his shoes.
Tom's belt was unbuckled.
Tom's best buddy is his dog.
Tom's best female friend is named Mary.
Tom's best friend is Mary.
Tom's best friend is a mouse named Jerry.
Tom's best friend is from Australia.
Tom's best friend is from Boston.
Tom's best friend is his computer.
Tom's best friend is his dog.
Tom's best friend is named Mary.
Tom's best friend was a stray dog that he found on the beach.
Tom's best friend, Mary, has just turned thirty.
Tom's best pitch is his curveball.
Tom's best years are behind him.
Tom's bicycle has been stolen, too.
Tom's bicycle has been stolen.
Tom's bicycle is in the garage.
Tom's bicycle is much newer than mine.
Tom's bicycle isn't new, but Mary's is.
Tom's bicycle was blue before he painted it red.
Tom's bicycle was stolen last week.
Tom's bicycle was stolen yesterday.
Tom's bicycle was stolen.
Tom's big-headed.
Tom's biggest fear is marrying the wrong girl.
Tom's bike is black.
Tom's bike is blue.
Tom's bike is full of stickers.
Tom's bike is not very new and is already scratched here and there.
Tom's bike was stolen by a drug addict.
Tom's bike was very expensive.
Tom's biography is that of an honest Soviet worker.
Tom's biological parents gave him up for adoption.
Tom's bipolar.
Tom's bird learned to turn on his virtual assistant.
Tom's bird sang.
Tom's bird swears in French.
Tom's birth records are sealed.
Tom's birthday is 20 October.
Tom's birthday is March 25th.
Tom's birthday is October 20th.
Tom's birthday is October twentieth.
Tom's birthday is coming soon.
Tom's birthday is coming up in a week and I don't know what to give him.
Tom's birthday is coming up in a week.
Tom's birthday is exactly one month from today.
Tom's birthday is exactly three months after mine.
Tom's birthday is in October and mine is in November.
Tom's birthday is in October.
Tom's birthday is in three days.
Tom's birthday is in three weeks.
Tom's birthday is next Monday.
Tom's birthday is next month.
Tom's birthday is next week.
Tom's birthday is on a Monday this year.
Tom's birthday is the day after tomorrow.
Tom's birthday is the same as Mary's.
Tom's birthday is the twentieth of October.
Tom's birthday is three days after Mary's.
Tom's birthday is today.
Tom's birthday is tomorrow and I haven't bought him a present yet.
Tom's birthday is tomorrow.
Tom's birthday isn't for a few days.
Tom's birthday party will be held tomorrow evening.
Tom's birthday party will be next Monday.
Tom's birthday was always a big event.
Tom's birthday was exactly one month ago.
Tom's birthday was the day before yesterday.
Tom's birthday was yesterday.
Tom's birthday's coming up.
Tom's bitten his nails right down to the quick.
Tom's bladder burst due to untreated venereal disease.
Tom's blanket has trains on it.
Tom's bleeding.
Tom's blindfold was removed.
Tom's blinds are closed.
Tom's blinks became longer and longer as he entered the twilight zone between wakefulness and sleep.
Tom's blood is type A.
Tom's blood is type O.
Tom's blood pressure dropped to a dangerous level.
Tom's blood pressure is dangerously high.
Tom's blood pressure is high.
Tom's blood pressure is normal.
Tom's blood pressure is too high.
Tom's blood pressure is too low.
Tom's blood pressure rises whenever he takes a nap.
Tom's blood type is A.
Tom's blood type is O negative.
Tom's blood type is O positive.
Tom's blood type is O+.
Tom's blood was found in Mary's car.
Tom's bluffing.
Tom's boat began to sink.
Tom's boat capsized.
Tom's boat has been stolen.
Tom's boat sank.
Tom's boat sprung a leak and started taking on water.
Tom's boat was stolen.
Tom's body decomposed.
Tom's body drifted away.
Tom's body had been stabbed over thirty times.
Tom's body has already decomposed.
Tom's body has been cremated.
Tom's body has never been found.
Tom's body has yet to be recovered.
Tom's body hasn't been found.
Tom's body hasn't yet been found.
Tom's body is probably already resting in the morgue.
Tom's body is very muscular.
Tom's body language said it all.
Tom's body lies in the crypt below.
Tom's body never was recovered.
Tom's body seems to be accepting the transplant.
Tom's body started shaking uncontrollably.
Tom's body temperature is 36.1 degrees.
Tom's body was badly decomposed.
Tom's body was beyond recognition.
Tom's body was burned beyond recognition.
Tom's body was consumed by the flames.
Tom's body was covered with bruises.
Tom's body was cremated.
Tom's body was discovered near Mary's house.
Tom's body was found Monday morning.
Tom's body was found Monday.
Tom's body was found along a deserted road.
Tom's body was found by fishermen floating adrift in the sea.
Tom's body was found dismembered.
Tom's body was found early Monday.
Tom's body was found floating in the river.
Tom's body was found in a back alley.
Tom's body was found in a dumpster.
Tom's body was found in a pond on Mary's farm.
Tom's body was found in a swamp.
Tom's body was found in an open field.
Tom's body was found in his garage.
Tom's body was found in the ashes.
Tom's body was found in the river.
Tom's body was found in the shed behind his house.
Tom's body was found in the swamp.
Tom's body was found on October 20th.
Tom's body was found three days later.
Tom's body was found yesterday.
Tom's body was never found.
Tom's body was never recovered.
Tom's body was the first to be found.
Tom's body will be cremated.
Tom's book about his life with Mary sold like hot cakes.
Tom's book became an instant best-seller.
Tom's book became an instant bestseller.
Tom's book didn't get published.
Tom's book got published.
Tom's book has been translated into many languages.
Tom's book is topping the Christmas sales of books, and hardly any book can put it off its game.
Tom's book isn't selling as well as it used to.
Tom's book received mixed reviews.
Tom's book was adapted into a film.
Tom's book was adapted into a movie.
Tom's book was made into a movie.
Tom's book was translated into 33 languages and has been published in more than 99 countries all over the world.
Tom's book was translated into French.
Tom's bookcase is full of unread books.
Tom's books have been translated into many languages.
Tom's books have sold millions.
Tom's books sell quite well.
Tom's boots are muddy.
Tom's boots are near the front door.
Tom's boots sank deep into the snow.
Tom's boots sank into the deep snow.
Tom's boots were muddy.
Tom's bored.
Tom's boring articles failed to garner attention.
Tom's boss advanced him a week's wages.
Tom's boss appreciates his work, but he doesn't want to give him a pay raise.
Tom's boss criticised him for not having any initiative.
Tom's boss criticized him for not having any initiative.
Tom's boss demands a lot of work.
Tom's boss gave him a raise.
Tom's boss is Canadian.
Tom's boss is a stuffed shirt, who's very awkward in social situations.
Tom's boss is a very attractive woman.
Tom's boss is a woman.
Tom's boss is much-maligned, but Tom's always found him reasonable.
Tom's boss is very demanding.
Tom's boss is yelling at him.
Tom's boss made a unilateral decision to close several small branches of the company.
Tom's boss put him on a performance improvement plan.
Tom's boss put him on the spot.
Tom's boss refused to give him a raise.
Tom's boss sent him to Australia.
Tom's boss told him that his performance left a lot to be desired.
Tom's boss was a pedantic micro manager, who had to check every single thing Tom did.
Tom's boss was really angry.
Tom's boss yelled at him this afternoon.
Tom's boss yelled at him.
Tom's boss's behaviour smacked of crass arrogance.
Tom's bound to complain.
Tom's bound to need help to move into his new apartment.
Tom's bout went the full distance.
Tom's bout with diarrhea was foreordained due to Mary's refusal to clean any cookware.
Tom's brain imploded upon seeing the mathematical formula.
Tom's brain was deprived of oxygen for too long.
Tom's brazen act of defiance almost cost him his life.
Tom's breath is truly terrible.
Tom's breath smelled like mint.
Tom's breath stinks, and he knows it, but he's too lazy to brush his teeth.
Tom's breath was redolent of wine and tobacco.
Tom's breathing slowed as the tranquilizer took effect.
Tom's breathing was labored.
Tom's brilliant.
Tom's broken arm took several weeks to heal.
Tom's broken several rules.
Tom's brother John is also a carpenter.
Tom's brother Michael was a pop singer.
Tom's brother Tim is an enchanter who's scared of rabbits.
Tom's brother also married a Kabyle woman.
Tom's brother didn't do that, either.
Tom's brother didn't make it out alive, either.
Tom's brother found a knife.
Tom's brother hurt me.
Tom's brother is a doctor.
Tom's brother is a firefighter.
Tom's brother is a good painter.
Tom's brother is a lawyer.
Tom's brother is a nurse.
Tom's brother is a plumber.
Tom's brother is a policeman.
Tom's brother is married to Mary's sister.
Tom's brother is my sister's boyfriend.
Tom's brother is older than he is.
Tom's brother is smart.
Tom's brother is strong.
Tom's brother knows nothing about chemistry.
Tom's brother looked at him.
Tom's brother looks a lot like John.
Tom's brother looks a lot like him.
Tom's brother looks just like John.
Tom's brother looks just like him.
Tom's brother wants to become a teacher.
Tom's brother's name is John.
Tom's brother, John, predeceased him.
Tom's brother-in-law is a prison governor.
Tom's brothers are still at home.
Tom's brothers are still doing that.
Tom's brothers are still in Australia.
Tom's brothers are still in Boston.
Tom's brothers are still in custody.
Tom's brothers are still in jail.
Tom's bruises are barely visible anymore.
Tom's bruises are gone.
Tom's bruises were barely visible.
Tom's brushing his teeth.
Tom's budget contained a lot of guesstimates.
Tom's budget contained too many rough estimates.
Tom's building something behind his house.
Tom's bullshit won't fly here.
Tom's bullshit wouldn't fly there.
Tom's bumper has a scratch on it.
Tom's bumper was damaged in the accident.
Tom's burnt the porridge again.
Tom's bus has arrived.
Tom's bus was late.
Tom's business grew rapidly.
Tom's business has been losing money for years.
Tom's business has done really well.
Tom's business is doing extremely well.
Tom's business is doing quite well.
Tom's business is doing very well.
Tom's business is underwater.
Tom's business was awarded the contract to provision a team of scientists for their polar expedition.
Tom's business was booming.
Tom's busy.
Tom's by himself.
Tom's cabin has knotty pine walls.
Tom's cabin in the woods has a wood-burning cook stove.
Tom's calculations are usually more accurate than Mary's.
Tom's callsign is Maverick.
Tom's camera is as old as me.
Tom's camera was just where he'd left it.
Tom's campaign was successful.
Tom's canceled.
Tom's canoe capsized.
Tom's canoe tipped over.
Tom's capacity to distinguish imagined from real was gone.
Tom's car apparently got stuck in the mud.
Tom's car blew a gasket.
Tom's car broke down on his way to Boston, so he had to spend a couple of nights in a motel.
Tom's car broke down on his way to work this morning.
Tom's car broke down yesterday.
Tom's car broke down.
Tom's car caught fire.
Tom's car cost a lot more than Mary's.
Tom's car cost a lot more than mine did.
Tom's car crashed into a wall.
Tom's car died on him in the middle of the intersection.
Tom's car doesn't have cruise control.
Tom's car finally gave up the ghost.
Tom's car gave up the ghost.
Tom's car got keyed.
Tom's car got repoed.
Tom's car got repossessed.
Tom's car got stuck in the mud.
Tom's car got stuck in the snow.
Tom's car got towed.
Tom's car had no license plates.
Tom's car has 100 horsepower.
Tom's car has a hidden kill switch.
Tom's car has a top speed of 70 mph.
Tom's car has air conditioning.
Tom's car has been parked here for three days.
Tom's car has been repossessed.
Tom's car has been stolen.
Tom's car has crank windows.
Tom's car has electric windows.
Tom's car has heated seats.
Tom's car has just pulled into the driveway.
Tom's car has new tires.
Tom's car has orange-tinted windows.
Tom's car has power windows.
Tom's car has run out of gas.
Tom's car has run out of petrol.
Tom's car has seen its better days.
Tom's car has tinted windows.
Tom's car hit a tree.
Tom's car is a hearse.
Tom's car is a lot older than mine.
Tom's car is a right-hand drive.
Tom's car is a right-side drive.
Tom's car is always dirty.
Tom's car is blue.
Tom's car is cleaner than mine.
Tom's car is cool.
Tom's car is covered with bumper stickers.
Tom's car is dirty.
Tom's car is easily recognizable since there is a big dent in the front bumper.
Tom's car is expensive.
Tom's car is gone.
Tom's car is green.
Tom's car is in the driveway.
Tom's car is in the garage.
Tom's car is in the parking lot.
Tom's car is more comfortable than Mary's.
Tom's car is needed.
Tom's car is new, but Mary's isn't.
Tom's car is newer than Mary's car.
Tom's car is newer than Mary's.
Tom's car is nothing to shake a stick at.
Tom's car is old.
Tom's car is older than Mary's.
Tom's car is older than mine.
Tom's car is on fire.
Tom's car is on its last legs.
Tom's car is parked illegally.
Tom's car is parked in front of Mary's house.
Tom's car is parked in front of my car.
Tom's car is parked in front.
Tom's car is parked in our courtyard.
Tom's car is parked in our yard.
Tom's car is parked in the driveway.
Tom's car is parked in the middle of the road.
Tom's car is parked next to Mary's.
Tom's car is parked out front.
Tom's car is parked outside.
Tom's car is parked over there.
Tom's car is really nice.
Tom's car is smaller than Mary's.
Tom's car is still in the driveway.
Tom's car is still in the parking lot.
Tom's car is still out back.
Tom's car is still parked out back.
Tom's car is still parked out front.
Tom's car is stuck in the mud.
Tom's car is stuck in the snow.
Tom's car is the blue one.
Tom's car is the only one in the parking lot.
Tom's car is three years older than mine.
Tom's car is twice as old as mine.
Tom's car is twice as old as my car.
Tom's car is very quiet.
Tom's car is well-kept and in excellent condition.
Tom's car isn't as old as ours.
Tom's car isn't blue, but Mary's car is.
Tom's car isn't blue, but Mary's is.
Tom's car isn't blue.
Tom's car isn't here, so he must have already left.
Tom's car isn't here, so he must've already left.
Tom's car isn't here, so he must've left.
Tom's car isn't in the driveway.
Tom's car isn't in the garage.
Tom's car isn't where he parked it.
Tom's car isn't where he usually parks it.
Tom's car just pulled into the parking lot.
Tom's car looks old.
Tom's car must have cost him a lot.
Tom's car must've cost him a lot.
Tom's car needed a wash, so he left it out in the rain.
Tom's car needs to be washed.
Tom's car needs washing.
Tom's car ran out of gas.
Tom's car screeched to a halt.
Tom's car screeched to a stop.
Tom's car spun out of control.
Tom's car stalled going up the ramp.
Tom's car stalled when the lights turned green and the car behind ran into the back of him.
Tom's car started to burn while driving.
Tom's car swerved into the river.
Tom's car swerved off the road.
Tom's car veered off the road and did a somersault because he took a curve too quickly. But miraculously, since his guardian angel must've been watching over him, he came out unscathed.
Tom's car was blue and Mary's was red.
Tom's car was blue. Mary's car was red.
Tom's car was covered in bumper stickers.
Tom's car was covered in moss.
Tom's car was covered in stickers from stem to stern.
Tom's car was damaged more than Mary's car was.
Tom's car was damaged more than Mary's car.
Tom's car was damaged more than Mary's.
Tom's car was destroyed in the crash.
Tom's car was easy to drive.
Tom's car was flooded.
Tom's car was found abandoned in a cornfield.
Tom's car was found abandoned on the side of the road.
Tom's car was found in the woods.
Tom's car was found parked not far from his house.
Tom's car was going southbound on Park Street when it was T-boned by a car that ran a red light.
Tom's car was going southbound on Park Street when it was broadsided by a car that ran a red light.
Tom's car was hit by a truck.
Tom's car was impounded.
Tom's car was in Mary's driveway.
Tom's car was in the driveway.
Tom's car was last seen in the neighborhood the day before his ex-wife was murdered.
Tom's car was locked.
Tom's car was lot more expensive than Mary's.
Tom's car was made in the 1980s.
Tom's car was manufactured in the 1980s.
Tom's car was never found.
Tom's car was parked in Mary's driveway.
Tom's car was parked in front of the convenience store.
Tom's car was parked outside.
Tom's car was rear-ended and he suffered a whiplash injury.
Tom's car was rear-ended by a truck.
Tom's car was repossessed.
Tom's car was riddled with bullet holes.
Tom's car was sold for scrap.
Tom's car was stolen last week.
Tom's car was stolen.
Tom's car was stuck in the mud.
Tom's car was totaled.
Tom's car was totalled.
Tom's car was towed by the police.
Tom's car wasn't where he'd parked it.
Tom's car went off the highway.
Tom's car went off the motorway.
Tom's car won't last much longer.
Tom's car won't start.
Tom's car wouldn't start and he had to get a new battery.
Tom's car wouldn't start.
Tom's car's dirty.
Tom's car's gone.
Tom's car's outside.
Tom's car's overdue for a service.
Tom's car's parked out front.
Tom's car's parked over there.
Tom's car's playing up at the moment.
Tom's car's still in the parking lot.
Tom's caravan was raided.
Tom's card was declined.
Tom's career ended almost before it began.
Tom's career is over.
Tom's career is well documented.
Tom's career spanned 1993 to 2013.
Tom's career was onwards and upwards from there.
Tom's career was over.
Tom's carrying something in his left hand.
Tom's case is much more curious than Benjamin Button's.
Tom's case is pending.
Tom's case is pretty unusual.
Tom's cassette deck chewed the tape Mary had lent him.
Tom's cat Felicity is skittish, but once you've befriended her, she won't leave you alone.
Tom's cat Felix scratched him, drawing blood.
Tom's cat always puts up with Mary's hugs with an unwilling expression on his face.
Tom's cat brought him a dead bird as a present.
Tom's cat curled into a ball.
Tom's cat died.
Tom's cat disappeared a few days and then came back home.
Tom's cat disappeared a few days.
Tom's cat disappeared for a few days.
Tom's cat doesn't react to catnip.
Tom's cat gave birth to nine kittens.
Tom's cat had nine kittens.
Tom's cat has four legs.
Tom's cat has got nine kids.
Tom's cat hissed at Mary.
Tom's cat is a calico.
Tom's cat is a tabby.
Tom's cat is adorable.
Tom's cat is allowed outdoors.
Tom's cat is always waiting at the door when he arrives home.
Tom's cat is an indoor cat.
Tom's cat is an outdoor cat.
Tom's cat is black.
Tom's cat is cute.
Tom's cat is dead.
Tom's cat is dying.
Tom's cat is fighting with Mary's cat.
Tom's cat is healthy.
Tom's cat is missing.
Tom's cat is more intelligent than Tom himself.
Tom's cat is obsessed with boxes.
Tom's cat is old.
Tom's cat is playing with a ball of yarn.
Tom's cat is sick.
Tom's cat is sunbathing.
Tom's cat jumped onto the table.
Tom's cat likes the song "Eye Of The Tiger."
Tom's cat likes to chew on plants.
Tom's cat likes to look out the window.
Tom's cat likes to sit in a box after it eats.
Tom's cat loves sleeping in boxes.
Tom's cat rubbed against Mary's leg.
Tom's cat scared Mary's dog.
Tom's cat scratched Mary's hand.
Tom's cat scratched him.
Tom's cat scratched me.
Tom's cat snuggled against his leg.
Tom's cat speaks French, even though Tom doesn't.
Tom's cat spends most his day outdoor.
Tom's cat tried to catch the snowflakes.
Tom's cat was carried away by a tornado.
Tom's cat was waiting for him on the doorstep.
Tom's cats love me.
Tom's caught some kind of lurgy.
Tom's cell phone rang and he answered it.
Tom's cell phone rang.
Tom's cellmate is a Canadian.
Tom's cellmate is serving a life sentence.
Tom's cellmate was John Jackson.
Tom's cellmate was a Canadian.
Tom's cellphone began to vibrate in his pocket.
Tom's cellphone is ringing.
Tom's cellphone rang and he answered it.
Tom's cellphone rang.
Tom's cellphone started to vibrate in his pocket.
Tom's cellphone vibrated on the table.
Tom's chances of being elected are pretty good.
Tom's chances of survival aren't very good.
Tom's changed.
Tom's character arc is confusing.
Tom's character is a dragoon.
Tom's character is a half-elf ranger.
Tom's character is a paladin.
Tom's charm is undeniable.
Tom's charming.
Tom's chauffeur opened the limousine's door for Mary.
Tom's cheating.
Tom's check bounced.
Tom's cheeks are red.
Tom's cheeks are so round and rosy, like a little cherub!
Tom's cheeks became red.
Tom's cheeks turned bright red.
Tom's cheeks turned red.
Tom's cheeks were bright red.
Tom's cheeks were red.
Tom's cheerful.
Tom's chest is hurting.
Tom's chest is rattly because of a respiratory tract infection.
Tom's chest was crushed.
Tom's childhood could have been happier if his parents hadn't got divorced.
Tom's childhood dream was to become a veterinarian.
Tom's childhood might've been happier if his parents had stayed married.
Tom's childhood might've been happier if his parents hadn't gotten divorced.
Tom's childhood was rough.
Tom's children all look alike.
Tom's children are Kabyle-Americans.
Tom's children are all spoiled brats.
Tom's children are cute.
Tom's children are downstairs.
Tom's children are in Australia now.
Tom's children are in Australia.
Tom's children are playing in the playground.
Tom's children are playing outside.
Tom's children are playing with the other children in the playground.
Tom's children are sick.
Tom's children are trying to memorize the words to the national anthem.
Tom's children are wonderful.
Tom's children attend kindergarten.
Tom's children called him to fix their computer problem.
Tom's children can only speak French.
Tom's children can speak French.
Tom's children can't speak French.
Tom's children do what they want.
Tom's children have a lot more toys than he had when he was young.
Tom's children have gone to Boston and he misses them.
Tom's children must be missing him.
Tom's children must miss him.
Tom's children slept.
Tom's children speak French perfectly.
Tom's children watch a Kabyle movie on TV.
Tom's children were all born in Australia.
Tom's children were born in Australia.
Tom's children were both born in Australia.
Tom's children were kidnapped.
Tom's children weren't conceived naturally.
Tom's children's behavior embarrassed him.
Tom's chin looks like an ass.
Tom's choices are limited.
Tom's choking.
Tom's chores include raking the leaves.
Tom's chundering.
Tom's church builds orphanages in rural Mexico.
Tom's church's membership is mostly white.
Tom's claim that he has a written and spoken command of 48 languages turned out — hardly surprisingly — to be a massive exaggeration.
Tom's clarinet-playing has improved since I last heard him play.
Tom's class went on a field trip last Monday.
Tom's classmates are all here.
Tom's classmates are goofing off.
Tom's classmates bullied him.
Tom's classmates called him "Peeping Tom".
Tom's classmates called him names.
Tom's classmates ganged up on him.
Tom's classmates made fun of Tom.
Tom's classmates made fun of him.
Tom's classmates never pay attention.
Tom's classmates were making fun of Tom.
Tom's classmates were making fun of him.
Tom's clone broke out of the facility they were holding him in.
Tom's clone is loose.
Tom's clone is on the loose.
Tom's closest friend is Mary.
Tom's closest friend is his dog.
Tom's closet is full of junk he doesn't need.
Tom's closet is full of junk that he doesn't need.
Tom's closet is full of junk.
Tom's closet is full of stuff he doesn't need.
Tom's closet is full of stuff that he doesn't need.
Tom's clothes are dirty.
Tom's clothes are disheveled.
Tom's clothes are out of fashion.
Tom's clothes are soaking wet.
Tom's clothes are very stylish.
Tom's clothes have become too small for him.
Tom's clothes look really strange.
Tom's clothes make him stand out in a crowd.
Tom's clothes smell like smoke.
Tom's clothes were badly burned.
Tom's clothes were bloody.
Tom's clothes were covered in mud.
Tom's clothes were old, but clean.
Tom's clothes were redolent of burnt cannabis.
Tom's clothes were shabby.
Tom's clothes were stained with blood.
Tom's clothes were wet.
Tom's clueless.
Tom's coach likes him.
Tom's coat has a fur collar.
Tom's coat has a torn sleeve.
Tom's coat is newer than Mary's.
Tom's coat kept him warm.
Tom's coat of arms is divided in three—parted per tierce.
Tom's coat of arms is gules, a tierce argent.
Tom's coat was really cool.
Tom's coat was really warm.
Tom's coffee is good.
Tom's coffee mug is next to Mary's.
Tom's colleague has just received another prize for his research.
Tom's college application was rejected.
Tom's column appears weekly.
Tom's come home from school earlier than usual.
Tom's comfortable.
Tom's coming a bit later because he missed the bus.
Tom's coming at 2.30.
Tom's coming at about five.
Tom's coming back at 2.30.
Tom's coming back at half past two.
Tom's coming back at half two.
Tom's coming back the day after tomorrow.
Tom's coming back today. I'm going to meet him.
Tom's coming over tonight, so you know.
Tom's coming over.
Tom's coming round at the weekend. I'm really looking forward to it.
Tom's coming too early took me by surprise.
Tom's coming.
Tom's comment bothered me all day.
Tom's comment is unacceptable.
Tom's comment was inappropriate.
Tom's comments are accurate.
Tom's comments are always to the point.
Tom's comments made me laugh.
Tom's comments ruffled a few feathers.
Tom's comments sparked fury among the Woke mob.
Tom's comments to the press caused quite a stir.
Tom's comments were inappropriate.
Tom's comments were insulting.
Tom's comments were misleading.
Tom's comments were offensive.
Tom's comments were racist.
Tom's comments were unrelated to what we were talking about.
Tom's comments were unsavory.
Tom's commissions often exceed his weekly salary.
Tom's company cornered the market.
Tom's company deals in plastic.
Tom's company didn't have the resources to do that.
Tom's company got bought by a larger company.
Tom's company grew rapidly.
Tom's company has been haunted by the spectre of bankruptcy for some time.
Tom's company imports Brazilian coffee.
Tom's company imports coffee from Brazil.
Tom's company imports tea from India.
Tom's company is bankrupt.
Tom's company is drilling for oil.
Tom's company is in trouble.
Tom's company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands.
Tom's company is under investigation by the Federal Trade Commission.
Tom's company sent him to Boston.
Tom's company was bought by a larger company.
Tom's company was sued.
Tom's company went on a firing spree.
Tom's company went on a hiring spree.
Tom's company went public.
Tom's compassion surprised us.
Tom's competitors know that.
Tom's complaining that his new phone is too big and won't fit in his trousers.
Tom's complaint wasn't the first the agency received.
Tom's complaisant wife Mary is a stark contrast to his fiercely independent sister Alice.
Tom's completely addicted to gaming.
Tom's composition had a lot of mistakes.
Tom's compost heap got so hot that it spontaneously combusted.
Tom's computer broke down.
Tom's computer crashed and he lost a number of important documents.
Tom's computer crashed.
Tom's computer crashes all the time.
Tom's computer crashes constantly.
Tom's computer crashes continuously.
Tom's computer died on him.
Tom's computer froze.
Tom's computer got hacked.
Tom's computer got infected by a virus.
Tom's computer is already three years old.
Tom's computer is broken.
Tom's computer is much newer than mine.
Tom's computer is not responding.
Tom's computer is pretty old.
Tom's computer is so old that it still runs Windows 98.
Tom's computer is three years old.
Tom's computer isn't responding.
Tom's computer keeps crashing.
Tom's computer made a strange noise and then went dead.
Tom's computer started acting strangely.
Tom's computer was acting strangely.
Tom's computer was his only friend.
Tom's computer was in his car.
Tom's concerned.
Tom's concert was actually pretty boring.
Tom's concert was much better than I expected.
Tom's concert was much better than I thought it would be.
Tom's concert was really good.
Tom's concert was very good.
Tom's condition does nothing but deteriorate. We fear that there is nothing more we can do for him.
Tom's condition got worse.
Tom's condition has gotten worse.
Tom's condition has improved.
Tom's condition has worsened.
Tom's condition hasn't improved.
Tom's condition improved quickly.
Tom's condition is deteriorating rapidly.
Tom's condition is deteriorating.
Tom's condition is extremely worrying.
Tom's condition is getting worse.
Tom's condition is listed as poor.
Tom's condition is much better today.
Tom's condition is rapidly worsening.
Tom's condition is serious.
Tom's condition is still critical.
Tom's condition is still not known.
Tom's condition is unknown.
Tom's condition is very critical.
Tom's condition is very worrying.
Tom's condition is worsening.
Tom's condition isn't good.
Tom's condition isn't serious.
Tom's condition remains grave.
Tom's condition remains serious.
Tom's condition worsened.
Tom's condolences weren't sincere.
Tom's conduct brought his family into disrepute.
Tom's conduct can't be excused.
Tom's conduct is a reflection on the way he was brought up.
Tom's conduct isn't acceptable.
Tom's conduct was beyond reproach.
Tom's conduct was disgraceful.
Tom's confessed.
Tom's confession came as a surprise.
Tom's confession shocked everybody.
Tom's confession was a surprise.
Tom's confession was ruled inadmissible.
Tom's confession was shocking.
Tom's confidence is back.
Tom's confidence is high.
Tom's confidence is wavering.
Tom's confident that he'll be able to find a solution to the problem.
Tom's confused.
Tom's confusion grew.
Tom's conlang is a descendant of Punic spoken in an alternate reality Italy.
Tom's conscious.
Tom's constant arguing irritates some of his classmates. However, most of the class has just learned to ignore him.
Tom's constant complaining annoys me.
Tom's constant complaints annoy everyone.
Tom's constant moaning can really do your head in.
Tom's constant negativity just sows doubt in everyone.
Tom's constant politeness bugs me.
Tom's constant snide comments annoy me.
Tom's constant womanizing didn't do his marriage any good.
Tom's consumption of coffee doubled after he became captivated by the stunning beauty of the barista at the coffee shop near his office.
Tom's contract expires October 20th.
Tom's contract expires October twentieth.
Tom's contract expires on October 20th.
Tom's contract is for three years.
Tom's contract runs out this year.
Tom's contract wasn't renewed.
Tom's contributions are getting uncomfortably confessional.
Tom's convinced.
Tom's cooking breakfast.
Tom's cooking is amazing.
Tom's cooking is really good.
Tom's cooking is the best.
Tom's cooking was actually not so bad.
Tom's cooking was more delicious than I expected.
Tom's cooking.
Tom's cool, calm, and collected, even under pressure.
Tom's corpse is in the mortuary now.
Tom's corpse is mutilated.
Tom's corpse punched its arm out of the grave.
Tom's correct.
Tom's costume gives me the heebie-jeebies.
Tom's cosy living room is full of bookcases.
Tom's courage in dealing with adversity is an inspiration to those around him.
Tom's cousin came to visit.
Tom's cousin is much more beautiful than his sister.
Tom's cousin is the managing director of a big company.
Tom's cousin lives in Australia.
Tom's cousins argued about politics and things went out of control.
Tom's cover was blown.
Tom's covering something with his right hand.
Tom's cows were stolen during the night.
Tom's cozy living room is full of bookcases.
Tom's cozy room is full of bookcases.
Tom's crash was very serious.
Tom's crazy about sweets.
Tom's crazy idea mustn't be implemented.
Tom's crazy.
Tom's creative thinking nicely complemented Mary's organizational talents.
Tom's credit score isn't very good.
Tom's credit's good.
Tom's criminal record consists of only two drunken driving citations.
Tom's criticism was unfair.
Tom's cruel.
Tom's crying.
Tom's culinary skills are confined to boiled potatoes with Quark.
Tom's cup is empty.
Tom's cup was empty.
Tom's curiosity got the better of him.
Tom's curiosity was piqued.
Tom's current whereabouts are unknown.
Tom's currently living in Boston.
Tom's curtains were closed.
Tom's curtains were open.
Tom's cuter anyway.
Tom's cynicism is unbearable.
Tom's dad bought an old moped for him.
Tom's dad bought him an old moped.
Tom's dad can play the drums.
Tom's dad has just died.
Tom's dad hugged him and said that he loved him.
Tom's dad is a university professor.
Tom's dad is also named Tom.
Tom's dad is cool.
Tom's dad is named Jean.
Tom's dad is rich.
Tom's dad is the custodian.
Tom's dad is very strict.
Tom's dad took him to a waterpark.
Tom's dad was in the IRA.
Tom's dad: "Tom, you overreact." Tom: "Fuck you!"
Tom's dancing isn't bad.
Tom's dangerous, isn't he?
Tom's dangerous.
Tom's dark face looked exhausted.
Tom's date canceled at the last minute.
Tom's date was with Mary.
Tom's daughter as well as his sons all went to college.
Tom's daughter drew him a picture.
Tom's daughter got divorced.
Tom's daughter got pregnant at 15.
Tom's daughter has been kidnapped.
Tom's daughter has two children.
Tom's daughter is almost three.
Tom's daughter is beautiful.
Tom's daughter is divorced.
Tom's daughter is expecting a baby.
Tom's daughter is getting married to Mary's son.
Tom's daughter is getting married.
Tom's daughter is growing up rapidly.
Tom's daughter is married and has three daughters.
Tom's daughter is now thirteen.
Tom's daughter is out on her first date.
Tom's daughter is pregnant.
Tom's daughter is sick.
Tom's daughter is the same age as Mary's son.
Tom's daughter is the same age as my daughter.
Tom's daughter is three years old.
Tom's daughter lost her toys.
Tom's daughter married Mary's son.
Tom's daughter pretended not to know him when he came to pick her up from school in his battered old car.
Tom's daughter was born on his 30th birthday.
Tom's daughter was born on his thirtieth birthday.
Tom's daughter was murdered.
Tom's daughter was suspended for taking marijuana to school.
Tom's daughter who lives in Boston will be coming for a visit next week.
Tom's daughter's boyfriend is Canadian.
Tom's daughter-in-law is a teacher.
Tom's days are numbered.
Tom's dead as a doornail.
Tom's dead, isn't he?
Tom's dead.
Tom's deaf.
Tom's death affected Mary more than she had expected.
Tom's death broke Mary's heart.
Tom's death came as a surprise.
Tom's death couldn't be explained.
Tom's death had affected her more than she had expected.
Tom's death has been officially ruled as an accident.
Tom's death has been ruled a homicide.
Tom's death hasn't been officially confirmed yet.
Tom's death made everyone sad.
Tom's death may not have been an accident.
Tom's death notice was in today's paper.
Tom's death really hit John hard.
Tom's death really hit Mary hard.
Tom's death shocked the community.
Tom's death still remains a mystery.
Tom's death was a great blow to Mary.
Tom's death was a homicide.
Tom's death was a huge blow to the community.
Tom's death was a surprise.
Tom's death was accidental.
Tom's death was an accident could've been avoided.
Tom's death was an accident that could've been avoided.
Tom's death was an accident.
Tom's death was clearly a suicide.
Tom's death was confirmed yesterday.
Tom's death was devastating.
Tom's death was mysterious.
Tom's death was predictable.
Tom's death was preventable.
Tom's death was ruled a homicide.
Tom's death was ruled a suicide.
Tom's death was ruled an accidental drowning.
Tom's death was ruled as a suicide.
Tom's death was ruled as an accident.
Tom's death was unexpected.
Tom's death wasn't a suicide.
Tom's death wasn't an accident.
Tom's death wasn't in vain.
Tom's debilitating health condition left him all but completely bedridden.
Tom's debilitating pain made him want to lose himself in video games.
Tom's debit card expired.
Tom's debit card has expired.
Tom's debts amount to over $30,000.
Tom's debts are increasing.
Tom's decided to donate his body to medical science.
Tom's decision almost cost him his life.
Tom's decision caused an uproar.
Tom's decision must be respected.
Tom's decision shocked everyone.
Tom's decision surprised everyone.
Tom's decision to disobey his captain's orders was a bad one.
Tom's decision to get married surprised his family.
Tom's decision wasn't based on the facts, but it was his decision.
Tom's dedication is admirable.
Tom's deep voice is so resonant and mellifluous that I could spend hours listening to him read aloud from the phone book.
Tom's defeat is our defeat as well.
Tom's defensive.
Tom's defiance was a big problem for his parents and teachers.
Tom's defiant.
Tom's definitely not going to like it.
Tom's definitely not stupid. He's just lazy.
Tom's degree made him overqualified to work at the public library.
Tom's degree was financed by student loans.
Tom's dehydrated.
Tom's delighted.
Tom's delirious.
Tom's delusional.
Tom's demands are not unreasonable.
Tom's demands aren't unreasonable.
Tom's demands became increasingly outrageous.
Tom's demands became more and more outrageous.
Tom's demands have become increasingly outrageous.
Tom's demeanor changed.
Tom's dependable.
Tom's description was accurate.
Tom's design is very original.
Tom's design saved the company millions of dollars.
Tom's design was highly original.
Tom's designs didn't impress me at all.
Tom's designs didn't impress me much.
Tom's desire for sex decreased.
Tom's desk is a mess.
Tom's desk is cluttered with papers.
Tom's desk is covered with stuff.
Tom's desk is messy.
Tom's desk is next to Mary's.
Tom's desk is over there.
Tom's desk is perfectly clean.
Tom's desk was perfectly clean.
Tom's desk was so untidy that the cleaner refused to clean the room.
Tom's desperate.
Tom's destroying his clothes.
Tom's determination is admirable.
Tom's devastated.
Tom's diabetic.
Tom's diatribe was an artless attempt at persuading the others.
Tom's died for your sins.
Tom's died.
Tom's diet is comprised completely of foods made from grass species: corn, wheat, rice, sugar cane, etc. Socrates would conclude that Tom is a cow.
Tom's diet is deficient in protein.
Tom's diet regimes always ended in gaining weight.
Tom's diet resulted in weight loss.
Tom's different from us.
Tom's different.
Tom's directions had us puzzled.
Tom's dirty clothes are on the floor.
Tom's disappearance completely baffled the police.
Tom's disappearance remains a mystery.
Tom's disappointed.
Tom's disappointment was obvious.
Tom's disease affects his sleep.
Tom's disease probably results from bad food.
Tom's disembodied voice spoke to the undead army.
Tom's disillusionment was obvious.
Tom's distinguishing feature is the way he speaks through his nose.
Tom's distracted.
Tom's diverticulosis turned into diverticulitis.
Tom's divorce from Mary reportedly cost him more than a million dollars.
Tom's divorce was a blessing in disguise.
Tom's divorced.
Tom's doctor advised Tom to drink more milk.
Tom's doctor advised Tom to exercise more.
Tom's doctor advised Tom to get more exercise.
Tom's doctor advised Tom to give up drinking.
Tom's doctor advised Tom to stop drinking.
Tom's doctor advised him not to eat between meals.
Tom's doctor advised him to cut down on his sugar intake.
Tom's doctor advised him to drink more milk.
Tom's doctor advised him to exercise more.
Tom's doctor advised him to exercise.
Tom's doctor advised him to get more exercise.
Tom's doctor advised him to give up drinking.
Tom's doctor advised him to give up smoking.
Tom's doctor advised him to lose weight.
Tom's doctor advised him to quit smoking.
Tom's doctor advised him to stay in bed for a week.
Tom's doctor advised him to stop drinking.
Tom's doctor advised him to take better care of himself.
Tom's doctor couldn't figure out what was wrong.
Tom's doctor didn't tell him to remain in bed.
Tom's doctor didn't tell him to stay in bed.
Tom's doctor gave him a clean bill of health.
Tom's doctor has told him to quit smoking.
Tom's doctor has told him to stop smoking.
Tom's doctor referred him to a cardiologist.
Tom's doctor said that he may never walk again.
Tom's doctor said that he might never walk again.
Tom's doctor suggested that he cut down on sugar.
Tom's doctor suggested that he take a vacation and relax a bit.
Tom's doctor told Tom to remain in bed.
Tom's doctor told him he needed to get more exercise.
Tom's doctor told him he should quit smoking.
Tom's doctor told him not to eat between meals.
Tom's doctor told him not to eat so much sugar.
Tom's doctor told him that he only had three months left to live.
Tom's doctor told him that he should quit smoking.
Tom's doctor told him to cut down on drinking.
Tom's doctor told him to cut down on his drinking.
Tom's doctor told him to give up smoking.
Tom's doctor told him to quit smoking.
Tom's doctor told him to remain in bed.
Tom's doctor told him to stop smoking.
Tom's documents were confiscated.
Tom's dog Cookie barks too much.
Tom's dog Fido bit Mary.
Tom's dog almost never barks at anybody.
Tom's dog almost never barks at anyone.
Tom's dog and my dog don't get along.
Tom's dog ate a plastic bag.
Tom's dog ate all of the bacon.
Tom's dog ate my sandwich.
Tom's dog ate the breadcrumbs.
Tom's dog attacked Mary.
Tom's dog attacked me.
Tom's dog attacked the cat that came into our yard.
Tom's dog barked at me.
Tom's dog barked at us.
Tom's dog barks a lot.
Tom's dog barks at everybody.
Tom's dog barks at everyone.
Tom's dog barks at everything.
Tom's dog bit Mary's hand.
Tom's dog bit Mary.
Tom's dog bit him playfully.
Tom's dog bit him.
Tom's dog bit me.
Tom's dog bit my hand.
Tom's dog bit my leg.
Tom's dog bit to death a few chickens.
Tom's dog broke its chain.
Tom's dog broke the vase.
Tom's dog came home alone without Tom.
Tom's dog came over to me.
Tom's dog came running toward us.
Tom's dog came up to me and licked my hand.
Tom's dog can swim well.
Tom's dog can walk on its hind legs.
Tom's dog couldn't stop vomiting after eating one of Mary's experimental omelettes.
Tom's dog cowered under the kitchen table during the storm.
Tom's dog didn't bark at me.
Tom's dog didn't have a collar.
Tom's dog died in the fire.
Tom's dog died last night.
Tom's dog died last week.
Tom's dog died yesterday.
Tom's dog died.
Tom's dog doesn't like to be petted.
Tom's dog dragged the dead rabbit back to its doghouse.
Tom's dog drowned in the lake.
Tom's dog drowned in the river.
Tom's dog eats almost anything you give her.
Tom's dog eats almost anything you give him.
Tom's dog enjoys being hoovered.
Tom's dog enjoys being vacuumed.
Tom's dog fetched the ball.
Tom's dog followed Mary home.
Tom's dog followed Tom to school.
Tom's dog followed him home.
Tom's dog followed him into the house.
Tom's dog followed him into the kitchen.
Tom's dog followed him to his office.
Tom's dog followed him to school.
Tom's dog follows Tom wherever he goes.
Tom's dog follows him everywhere.
Tom's dog found a dead body.
Tom's dog goes wherever Tom goes.
Tom's dog got accepted to Glassboro.
Tom's dog got hit by a car.
Tom's dog growled at Mary.
Tom's dog growled at the neighbors.
Tom's dog had never been in a kennel before.
Tom's dog had puppies yesterday.
Tom's dog has a black collar.
Tom's dog has a long tail.
Tom's dog has a lot of toys.
Tom's dog has a number of toys.
Tom's dog has a very short tail.
Tom's dog has been found.
Tom's dog has been put to sleep.
Tom's dog has black and white spots.
Tom's dog has cancer.
Tom's dog has died.
Tom's dog has disappeared.
Tom's dog has fleas.
Tom's dog has four legs.
Tom's dog has just died.
Tom's dog has probably run off again.
Tom's dog has run away.
Tom's dog hasn't been fed three days.
Tom's dog hasn't eaten anything for three days.
Tom's dog hated me.
Tom's dog hates cats.
Tom's dog hid behind the couch.
Tom's dog is a German shepherd.
Tom's dog is a cockapoo called Mary.
Tom's dog is a collie.
Tom's dog is a husky.
Tom's dog is a mutt.
Tom's dog is a pretty good swimmer.
Tom's dog is always with Tom.
Tom's dog is barking at Mary.
Tom's dog is barking.
Tom's dog is big.
Tom's dog is bigger than Mary's dog.
Tom's dog is blind.
Tom's dog is brown.
Tom's dog is called Bello.
Tom's dog is cute.
Tom's dog is dangerous.
Tom's dog is dead.
Tom's dog is dying.
Tom's dog is friendlier than mine.
Tom's dog is gone.
Tom's dog is growling.
Tom's dog is happy.
Tom's dog is here.
Tom's dog is his best friend.
Tom's dog is in his car.
Tom's dog is microchipped.
Tom's dog is missing.
Tom's dog is much bigger than Mary's dog.
Tom's dog is old.
Tom's dog is on the porch, waiting for Tom.
Tom's dog is outside.
Tom's dog is pretty smart.
Tom's dog is really cute.
Tom's dog is smart.
Tom's dog is smarter than mine.
Tom's dog is still just a puppy.
Tom's dog is still on the porch waiting for him.
Tom's dog is still waiting for Tom just outside the front door.
Tom's dog is still waiting for him just outside the front door.
Tom's dog is still waiting just outside the front door.
Tom's dog is twice as big as mine.
Tom's dog is ugly.
Tom's dog is very big.
Tom's dog is very clever.
Tom's dog is very friendly.
Tom's dog is very loyal.
Tom's dog is very obedient.
Tom's dog is very smart.
Tom's dog is very strong.
Tom's dog is very ugly.
Tom's dog is very well behaved.
Tom's dog is very well trained.
Tom's dog is very well-trained.
Tom's dog is voracious.
Tom's dog is well behaved, but Mary's isn't.
Tom's dog is well-trained.
Tom's dog is white.
Tom's dog isn't a lap dog.
Tom's dog isn't allowed in the house.
Tom's dog isn't as big as mine.
Tom's dog isn't very bright.
Tom's dog isn't very smart.
Tom's dog isn't very well trained.
Tom's dog isn't yet housebroken.
Tom's dog killed Mary's cat.
Tom's dog killed one of Mary's goats.
Tom's dog knocked over our trash can.
Tom's dog lay down.
Tom's dog left muddy paw prints all over his new carpet.
Tom's dog licked his face.
Tom's dog licked his hand.
Tom's dog licked the chocolate ice cream off Mary's face.
Tom's dog likes Mary more that he likes him.
Tom's dog likes playing fetch.
Tom's dog likes squeaky toys.
Tom's dog likes to be vacuumed.
Tom's dog likes to get his belly rubbed.
Tom's dog likes to get its belly rubbed.
Tom's dog likes to have his belly rubbed.
Tom's dog likes to lick people's faces.
Tom's dog likes to retrieve balls.
Tom's dog loves people.
Tom's dog mauled the cat that came into our yard.
Tom's dog must've heard something.
Tom's dog must've smelled something.
Tom's dog needed to go outside.
Tom's dog needs to get more exercise, and so does Tom.
Tom's dog needs to get out.
Tom's dog never barks at anyone.
Tom's dog never barks.
Tom's dog ran away.
Tom's dog ran out into the road and got hit by a truck.
Tom's dog ran out into the road and was hit by a lorry.
Tom's dog ran outside as soon as Tom opened the door.
Tom's dog runs behind me.
Tom's dog saved a young girl's life.
Tom's dog saved my life.
Tom's dog scared Mary's cat.
Tom's dog scared off the intruder.
Tom's dog scared off the pigeons.
Tom's dog scratches the door whenever he wants to go out.
Tom's dog seemed fine.
Tom's dog seemed friendly.
Tom's dog seems fine.
Tom's dog seems happy.
Tom's dog seems to be looking for him.
Tom's dog seems to enjoy riding in the back of Tom's pickup truck.
Tom's dog seems to know Mary.
Tom's dog sleeps in bed with him.
Tom's dog sleeps next to Tom's bed.
Tom's dog sleeps under Tom's bed.
Tom's dog sleeps under his bed.
Tom's dog slipped its leash again and almost attacked one of those tiny, yappy dogs.
Tom's dog slobbered on his pillow.
Tom's dog snaps her jaw when she's hungry.
Tom's dog spends most of his day outdoors.
Tom's dog started barking.
Tom's dog started growling at Mary.
Tom's dog started snarling.
Tom's dog started to bark.
Tom's dog still doesn't have a name.
Tom's dog stinks.
Tom's dog stood up.
Tom's dog suddenly took off after a squirrel.
Tom's dog swims quite well.
Tom's dog tried to bite Mary.
Tom's dog tried to bite me.
Tom's dog wanted to go outside.
Tom's dog was attacked by a bear.
Tom's dog was attacked by a coyote.
Tom's dog was attacked by a mountain lion.
Tom's dog was barking at Mary.
Tom's dog was barking.
Tom's dog was born in October.
Tom's dog was euthanized.
Tom's dog was found uninjured.
Tom's dog was growling.
Tom's dog was his best friend.
Tom's dog was hit by a car.
Tom's dog was in his car.
Tom's dog was in the driveway, waiting for Tom to get home.
Tom's dog was on a lead.
Tom's dog was on a leash.
Tom's dog was on the porch, waiting for Tom to come home.
Tom's dog was put to sleep.
Tom's dog was run over by a car.
Tom's dog was run over by a truck.
Tom's dog was severely injured after being run over by a car. The dog refused to come out from underneath the house where it licked its wounds.
Tom's dog was snarling.
Tom's dog was with him.
Tom's dog wasn't barking.
Tom's dog wasn't there.
Tom's dog wasn't wearing her collar.
Tom's dog wasn't wearing his collar.
Tom's dog went crazy.
Tom's dog when he was a child was black and white.
Tom's dog when he was a kid was black and white.
Tom's dog whimpered.
Tom's dog woke Tom up a little after midnight.
Tom's dog woke him up a little after midnight.
Tom's dog would never bite anyone.
Tom's dog's food dish was full of ants.
Tom's dog's name is Cookie.
Tom's dogs all started snarling.
Tom's dogs are aggressive.
Tom's dogs bark at everything.
Tom's dogs barked at me.
Tom's dogs killed one of Mary's goats.
Tom's dogs were barking.
Tom's doing OK.
Tom's doing a technicolour yawn.
Tom's doing something.
Tom's doing very well these days.
Tom's doing very well.
Tom's door closed.
Tom's door is always locked.
Tom's door is closed.
Tom's door is locked.
Tom's door is never locked.
Tom's door is open.
Tom's door isn't locked.
Tom's door opened.
Tom's door was closed but not locked.
Tom's door was closed.
Tom's door was half open.
Tom's door was half shut.
Tom's door was locked.
Tom's door was open.
Tom's door was partially open.
Tom's door was shut.
Tom's door was unlocked, so I didn't need a key to get in.
Tom's door was unlocked.
Tom's door was wide open.
Tom's door wasn't closed.
Tom's door wasn't locked.
Tom's doorbell rang.
Tom's double-parked.
Tom's doubts have been confirmed.
Tom's downstairs, right?
Tom's downstairs.
Tom's dragon had dragonlings.
Tom's dream as a child was to become a veterinarian.
Tom's dream became a reality.
Tom's dream became reality.
Tom's dream came true, so why can't mine?
Tom's dream came true.
Tom's dream eventually came true.
Tom's dream finally came true.
Tom's dream has come true.
Tom's dream has finally come true.
Tom's dream is coming true.
Tom's dream is no longer just a dream.
Tom's dream is to be a schoolteacher.
Tom's dream is to be an astronaut.
Tom's dream is to become a famous singer, but the only problem is that he can't sing.
Tom's dream is to become an astronaut.
Tom's dream is to go to Australia.
Tom's dream is to go to a university in Australia.
Tom's dream is to go to a university in England.
Tom's dream is to live in Australia.
Tom's dream is to live in a small town in the south of France.
Tom's dream is to live in a small town.
Tom's dream is to live in the mountains.
Tom's dream is to travel around the world with Mary.
Tom's dream is to win a championship.
Tom's dream was to be able to speak French fluently.
Tom's dreaming.
Tom's dreams came true.
Tom's dreams faded into nothingness.
Tom's dreams have come true.
Tom's drink is on me.
Tom's drink is stronger than yours or mine.
Tom's drinking a cup of coffee.
Tom's drinking has caused a lot of problems in his marriage.
Tom's drinking something.
Tom's driver's license has expired.
Tom's driver's license will expire next month.
Tom's driveway was blocked by an illegally parked car.
Tom's driving licence has expired.
Tom's driving made Mary nervous.
Tom's drowning.
Tom's drug addiction wrecked his marriage.
Tom's drunk.
Tom's drunken rant included a number of racial epithets.
Tom's due any minute now.
Tom's due to arrive any minute.
Tom's duffel bag didn't fit in the overhead compartment.
Tom's dummy is very mean to him.
Tom's duties include raking the leaves.
Tom's dying for that apple.
Tom's dying wish was that his son should inherit everything.
Tom's dying.
Tom's ear looks fine.
Tom's early.
Tom's ears stick out.
Tom's easily offended.
Tom's eaten at that restaurant before.
Tom's eaten my biscuits.
Tom's eaten the majority of his pizza.
Tom's eating all the time.
Tom's eating an apple in Boston.
Tom's eating fruit.
Tom's eating raspberries.
Tom's eating strawberries.
Tom's eating.
Tom's eavesdropping.
Tom's efforts came to nothing.
Tom's efforts have been rewarded.
Tom's efforts haven't gone unnoticed.
Tom's efforts to open a clothing store went up in smoke.
Tom's efforts were in vain.
Tom's efforts were rewarded.
Tom's efforts were unsuccessful.
Tom's ego has been bruised.
Tom's elderly.
Tom's embarrassed.
Tom's embarrassment grew.
Tom's employer called his honesty into question.
Tom's employment of seventeen years at the autoparts store felt like a dream in retrospect.
Tom's endless questions are doing Mary's head in.
Tom's endurance is extraordinary.
Tom's engaged.
Tom's enjoyment of his first visit to Europe was enhanced by his ready grasp of languages.
Tom's enthusiasm has caught on.
Tom's enthusiasm is contagious.
Tom's enthusiasm is infectious.
Tom's enthusiasm was obvious.
Tom's entire image is fake.
Tom's entire life has been ruined.
Tom's erudition astonishes me.
Tom's escaped.
Tom's essay had many typos.
Tom's essay is better than mine.
Tom's essay was full of mistakes.
Tom's essay was full of typos.
Tom's essay was too short, so he decided to flesh it out a bit.
Tom's euphonium was stolen.
Tom's ex cheated on him.
Tom's ex-girlfriend got married to Mary's ex-boyfriend.
Tom's ex-girlfriend is dating Mary's ex-boyfriend.
Tom's ex-wife and Mary's ex-husband got married.
Tom's ex-wife got married to Mary's ex-husband.
Tom's ex-wife married Mary's ex-husband.
Tom's ex-wife wants to ruin his new relationship.
Tom's ex-wife's name is Mary.
Tom's exaggerating.
Tom's excessive talk of his eagerness to risk his life, somehow came to seem cute.
Tom's excited.
Tom's excitement was genuine.
Tom's excitement was short-lived.
Tom's excuse is pretty thin.
Tom's excuse was pathetic.
Tom's execution was cancelled at the last moment.
Tom's execution was stayed at the last minute by the govenor.
Tom's execution was stayed at the last minute.
Tom's expectations are clear.
Tom's expectations were too high.
Tom's expected to make a full recovery.
Tom's expensive tastes put a strain on the family's finances.
Tom's experience attracted considerable attention.
Tom's experience in fighting "Karens" culminated in a promotion to store manager.
Tom's experiment appears to be over.
Tom's explanation actually caused a lot of confusion.
Tom's explanation didn't convince anyone.
Tom's explanation didn't mollify Mary.
Tom's explanation is completely nonsense.
Tom's explanation is very elaborate.
Tom's explanation may be absolutely wrong.
Tom's explanation sounded convincing.
Tom's explanation was a good one.
Tom's explanation was confusing, so I was confused.
Tom's explanation was confusing.
Tom's explanation was easy to understand.
Tom's explanation was enlightening.
Tom's explanation was good.
Tom's explanation was interesting.
Tom's explanation was too complex.
Tom's explanation was too complicated.
Tom's explanation was very clear.
Tom's explanation was very confusing.
Tom's explanation wasn't easy to understand.
Tom's explanation wasn't really clear.
Tom's explanation wasn't very easy to understand.
Tom's explanation wasn't very good.
Tom's expression changed suddenly.
Tom's expression changed.
Tom's expression darkened.
Tom's expression softened.
Tom's expression wasn't fearful.
Tom's eye color is green.
Tom's eye doctor determined that he has ocular hypertension without glaucoma.
Tom's eyebrows are quite bushy.
Tom's eyelashes were covered in frost.
Tom's eyelids were half open.
Tom's eyes and his beard are the same color.
Tom's eyes are bloodshot.
Tom's eyes are blue.
Tom's eyes are bluish hazel.
Tom's eyes are closed.
Tom's eyes are green.
Tom's eyes are huge.
Tom's eyes are larger than his belly.
Tom's eyes are moons.
Tom's eyes are open.
Tom's eyes are powerful.
Tom's eyes are puffy and red.
Tom's eyes are red today.
Tom's eyes are red, and he looks very tired.
Tom's eyes are red.
Tom's eyes are shut.
Tom's eyes are strange. I think he might be a reptilian.
Tom's eyes are very red.
Tom's eyes are weak.
Tom's eyes are wide open.
Tom's eyes blazed with anger.
Tom's eyes filled with tears.
Tom's eyes flashed angrily.
Tom's eyes flashed with anger.
Tom's eyes glowed like a child's at Christmas.
Tom's eyes glowed like a child's on Christmas morning.
Tom's eyes glowed with joy.
Tom's eyes got all watery.
Tom's eyes got quite big.
Tom's eyes gradually became accustomed to the darkness.
Tom's eyes grew rounder.
Tom's eyes had been refreshed by the sight of Miss Mary Bright.
Tom's eyes lit up suddenly.
Tom's eyes lit up when Mary walked into the room.
Tom's eyes lit up.
Tom's eyes met Mary's.
Tom's eyes met with Mary's.
Tom's eyes narrowed slightly.
Tom's eyes opened wide.
Tom's eyes opened.
Tom's eyes shone like stars.
Tom's eyes softened.
Tom's eyes sparkled.
Tom's eyes started to water.
Tom's eyes twinkle with amusement.
Tom's eyes twinkled with amusement.
Tom's eyes twinkled.
Tom's eyes watered as he chopped the onions.
Tom's eyes were bigger than his stomach.
Tom's eyes were brimming with tears.
Tom's eyes were closed.
Tom's eyes were damp with tears.
Tom's eyes were filled with tears.
Tom's eyes were full of tears.
Tom's eyes were glued to the screen.
Tom's eyes were moist with tears.
Tom's eyes were moist.
Tom's eyes were open.
Tom's eyes were red from crying.
Tom's eyes were red.
Tom's eyes were shining like stars.
Tom's eyes were shut.
Tom's eyes were swollen.
Tom's eyes were wet with tears.
Tom's eyes weren't open.
Tom's eyes weren't yet accustomed to the dark, so he couldn't see a thing.
Tom's eyes widened in fear.
Tom's eyes widened in surprise.
Tom's eyes widened in terror.
Tom's eyes widened with horror.
Tom's eyes widened.
Tom's eyesight has gradually gotten worse.
Tom's eyesight is deteriorating.
Tom's eyesight is really bad.
Tom's eyesight isn't as good as it used to be.
Tom's eyesight isn't very good.
Tom's face brightened.
Tom's face clearly showed bewilderment coupled with irritation.
Tom's face couldn't help but telegraph his disgust.
Tom's face detected an unsupported facial hair configuration.
Tom's face feels rough because he needs a shave.
Tom's face feels rough because he needs to shave.
Tom's face got red with embarrassment.
Tom's face got red.
Tom's face haunts me.
Tom's face is badly bruised.
Tom's face is dirty.
Tom's face is on an oatmeal box.
Tom's face is pale.
Tom's face is perfectly symmetrical.
Tom's face is red.
Tom's face is reflected in the glass.
Tom's face is sunburned.
Tom's face is very pale.
Tom's face lighted up.
Tom's face lights up whenever he sees Mary.
Tom's face lit up as soon as he saw Mary.
Tom's face lit up at the sight of Mary.
Tom's face lit up when Mary entered the room.
Tom's face lit up when he saw Mary.
Tom's face lit up when he saw the cake Mary had made for his birthday.
Tom's face lit up with joy.
Tom's face lit up.
Tom's face lost its passive visage and revealed his horror and disgust.
Tom's face paled.
Tom's face reddened.
Tom's face reflected bewilderment.
Tom's face reflected fear.
Tom's face remained expressionless.
Tom's face remained unreadable.
Tom's face showed his relief.
Tom's face showed his surprise.
Tom's face showed that he was annoyed.
Tom's face suddenly hardened.
Tom's face suddenly turned red.
Tom's face suddenly went blank.
Tom's face swelled up after being stung by a bee.
Tom's face turned bright red.
Tom's face turned into a thousand hornets.
Tom's face turned pale.
Tom's face turned red as a beet.
Tom's face turned red as he accidentally flashed his willy while changing at the gym.
Tom's face turned red when Mary gave him a kiss.
Tom's face turned red when Mary kissed him.
Tom's face turned red with anger.
Tom's face turned red with embarrassment.
Tom's face turned red.
Tom's face twitched with indignation.
Tom's face was all black and blue.
Tom's face was as red as a beet.
Tom's face was as white as a sheet.
Tom's face was blurred out in the interview, but you could still tell it was him because of his distinctive voice.
Tom's face was completely bloodied.
Tom's face was covered in bruises.
Tom's face was covered with blood.
Tom's face was expressionless.
Tom's face was full of pity.
Tom's face was full of regret.
Tom's face was infested with Demodex mites, causing symptoms of itching, inflammation, and hair loss.
Tom's face was pale.
Tom's face was pallid.
Tom's face was red.
Tom's face was smeared with dirt.
Tom's face was sunburned.
Tom's face was swollen and bruised.
Tom's face was swollen.
Tom's face was wet with tears.
Tom's face was white as a sheet.
Tom's face went pale.
Tom's facial features and mannerisms are very much like those of his father.
Tom's facing an uphill battle.
Tom's failure to pay rent on time had twice occasioned a penalty. Then the apartment manager warned that if it were to happen again, he would serve Tom with a ten-day notice of eviction.
Tom's fainted.
Tom's faith in Mary has never wavered.
Tom's faith in Mary never wavered.
Tom's fall resulted in life-threatening injuries.
Tom's fallen into a slump as of recently.
Tom's family begged him to stay.
Tom's family comes from Australia.
Tom's family congratulated him.
Tom's family didn't have much money.
Tom's family disapproved of his relationship with Mary.
Tom's family emigrated to Australia when he was a very young child.
Tom's family emigrated to Australia when he was very young.
Tom's family fled the country.
Tom's family gathered around the table for a meal.
Tom's family had a dog and a cat.
Tom's family has been involved in dairy farming for years.
Tom's family has been notified.
Tom's family has house in the mountains.
Tom's family has serious money problems.
Tom's family is big.
Tom's family is close-knit and loving.
Tom's family is coming to visit him next weekend.
Tom's family is eccentric.
Tom's family is from Australia.
Tom's family is happy that he's back home.
Tom's family is here.
Tom's family is in Australia.
Tom's family is in Boston.
Tom's family is larger than mine.
Tom's family is living in Boston now.
Tom's family is living in Boston.
Tom's family is missing.
Tom's family is now living in Boston.
Tom's family is old money.
Tom's family is one of the oldest and most prominent families in Utah County.
Tom's family is part of the Boston bourgeoisie.
Tom's family is poor.
Tom's family is powerful.
Tom's family is rich.
Tom's family is very religious.
Tom's family is very traditional.
Tom's family isn't very big.
Tom's family isn't very large.
Tom's family liked it in Australia.
Tom's family liked it in Boston.
Tom's family lived in Australia at that time.
Tom's family lived in Boston at that time.
Tom's family lived in Boston up until the end of last year.
Tom's family lives in Australia.
Tom's family lives in Boston.
Tom's family lives one floor higher.
Tom's family lost everything.
Tom's family loved Mary.
Tom's family loved me.
Tom's family loves him.
Tom's family made a bad impression on me.
Tom's family moved a lot when he was a kid.
Tom's family moved around a lot.
Tom's family moved around quite a bit when he was a kid.
Tom's family moved around quite a lot when he was a kid.
Tom's family moved around quite a lot.
Tom's family moved to Australia in 2013.
Tom's family moved to Australia when he was three.
Tom's family moved to Australia.
Tom's family moved to Boston in 2013.
Tom's family moved to Boston when he was three months old.
Tom's family moved to Boston.
Tom's family must be missing him.
Tom's family must miss him.
Tom's family name is Jackson.
Tom's family needed money.
Tom's family often runs out of food near the end of the month.
Tom's family owns this bakery.
Tom's family rarely eat together.
Tom's family rarely eats together.
Tom's family showed a video of his life at his funeral.
Tom's family sold their farm and moved to the city.
Tom's family supports him.
Tom's family tree can be traced back to aurochs.
Tom's family used to have servants.
Tom's family vacations in the mountains every summer.
Tom's family visited him in the hospital.
Tom's family was also there.
Tom's family was conservative.
Tom's family was there, too.
Tom's family was torn apart.
Tom's family went on a camping trip.
Tom's family will have to be notified.
Tom's family will need to be notified.
Tom's famous.
Tom's farm is next to mine.
Tom's farts always smell like potatoes.
Tom's fast.
Tom's fat, isn't he?
Tom's fat.
Tom's fate is already decided.
Tom's fate is in the hands of a jury.
Tom's fate is sealed.
Tom's fate is unknown.
Tom's fate was similar to mine.
Tom's fate will be decided by a jury.
Tom's father beat Tom with a stick.
Tom's father beat him to a pulp.
Tom's father beat him with a stick.
Tom's father beat him.
Tom's father built Tom a house.
Tom's father built a house for Tom.
Tom's father burst into the room and shot Tom while he was watching a bloopers show on TV.
Tom's father caught him by the scruff of the neck.
Tom's father comes home once in a while, but he never sticks around for long.
Tom's father confronted him about his behavior.
Tom's father contributed a lot to the protection of nature in Kabylia.
Tom's father didn't know what to do with him.
Tom's father didn't spend much time with Tom.
Tom's father died before Tom was born.
Tom's father died before he was born and his mother died shortly after he was born.
Tom's father died before he was born.
Tom's father died from karoshi five years ago.
Tom's father died from overwork five years ago.
Tom's father died from overwork three years ago.
Tom's father died in 2013.
Tom's father died last year.
Tom's father died suddenly, and Tom became his successor.
Tom's father died when he was a baby.
Tom's father died when he was thirteen.
Tom's father died when he was three years old.
Tom's father died when he was three.
Tom's father disowned him.
Tom's father doesn't allow Tom to drive his car.
Tom's father doesn't allow him to drink wine.
Tom's father doesn't allow him to drive.
Tom's father doesn't allow him to go out at night.
Tom's father doesn't approve of him having long hair and a beard.
Tom's father doesn't let Tom drive his car.
Tom's father doesn't let him drive.
Tom's father gave him a car for his birthday.
Tom's father gave him a scooter.
Tom's father gave him a sports car for his birthday.
Tom's father gave him a telescope for his birthday.
Tom's father has a limp.
Tom's father has disowned him.
Tom's father has just died.
Tom's father is Canadian and his mother is Japanese.
Tom's father is Canadian.
Tom's father is Jewish.
Tom's father is a Korean War veteran.
Tom's father is a banker from Boston.
Tom's father is a brawler.
Tom's father is a brilliant actor, but in real life he's a crashing bore.
Tom's father is a dentist with a successful practice.
Tom's father is a famous artist.
Tom's father is a mathematics teacher.
Tom's father is a musician.
Tom's father is a pediatrician.
Tom's father is a police officer.
Tom's father is a policeman.
Tom's father is a smuggler.
Tom's father is a swimming teacher.
Tom's father is a well-known violinist.
Tom's father is an alcoholic.
Tom's father is called John.
Tom's father is dead.
Tom's father is from Australia and his mother is from New Zealand.
Tom's father is from Australia.
Tom's father is going to buy him a guitar.
Tom's father is in jail.
Tom's father is in prison.
Tom's father is my brother.
Tom's father is not listed on his birth certificate.
Tom's father is old.
Tom's father is older than Mary's father.
Tom's father is older than Mary's.
Tom's father is older than mine.
Tom's father is rich.
Tom's father is sixty-seven years old.
Tom's father is taking Tom and me skiing next weekend.
Tom's father is very dogmatic and rigid in his views.
Tom's father is very generous.
Tom's father is very rich.
Tom's father is very strict.
Tom's father is waiting for him.
Tom's father isn't as old as Mary's father.
Tom's father isn't as old as Mary's.
Tom's father isn't listed on his birth certificate.
Tom's father just died.
Tom's father left him a pretty substantial inheritance.
Tom's father left his family.
Tom's father limps.
Tom's father made Tom sell his motorcycle.
Tom's father made him practice the piano every day for at least thirty minutes.
Tom's father made him sell his motorcycle.
Tom's father must be proud.
Tom's father never came back home before nine or ten.
Tom's father never remarried.
Tom's father never spent much time with him when he was growing up.
Tom's father now works at the same company as Tom.
Tom's father often takes Tom fishing with him.
Tom's father opposed his decision to enlist in the army.
Tom's father passed away.
Tom's father planted this tree when Tom was born.
Tom's father played the piano.
Tom's father promised to buy him a motorcycle.
Tom's father punished him.
Tom's father remarried after a few years.
Tom's father remarried after his mother passed away.
Tom's father retired early.
Tom's father rose to the rank of colonel and was transferred to the capital.
Tom's father ruffled his hair.
Tom's father scolded him.
Tom's father sees every situation in black and white and is, as a result, very intolerant and inflexible.
Tom's father sold his Buick and bought a Cadillac.
Tom's father spanked Tom.
Tom's father spanked him.
Tom's father suddenly became sick.
Tom's father suddenly fell sick.
Tom's father suffers from Alzheimer's.
Tom's father taught him about the stars.
Tom's father taught him everything he knew about carpentry.
Tom's father told him to forget about becoming an artist, because he'd never earn enough to live on.
Tom's father told him to study harder.
Tom's father told him to wash his face.
Tom's father told me he was a doctor.
Tom's father took us to the Natural History Museum.
Tom's father tried very hard to fix his son and turn him to the right path, but all efforts are destined to fail when God has other plans.
Tom's father walked out on his family.
Tom's father wanted him to be a doctor.
Tom's father wanted him to be a lawyer.
Tom's father warned Tom not to do that.
Tom's father warned him not to do that.
Tom's father was Jewish.
Tom's father was a Jew.
Tom's father was a World War II veteran.
Tom's father was a chemistry teacher.
Tom's father was a cruel man.
Tom's father was a diplomat.
Tom's father was a doctor.
Tom's father was a drinker.
Tom's father was a drunkard.
Tom's father was a high-ranking member of the Communist Party.
Tom's father was a house painter.
Tom's father was a lorry driver.
Tom's father was a mean drunk.
Tom's father was a noted mathematician.
Tom's father was a pastor.
Tom's father was a preacher.
Tom's father was a school custodian.
Tom's father was a teacher.
Tom's father was a trucker.
Tom's father was a very wise person.
Tom's father was a war hero.
Tom's father was an accountant.
Tom's father was an alcoholic.
Tom's father was an ogre.
Tom's father was an unsmiling man.
Tom's father was born in Australia.
Tom's father was born in Boston.
Tom's father was diagnosed with a brain tumor last year.
Tom's father was in the Army.
Tom's father was my French teacher.
Tom's father was never around.
Tom's father was the one who built the house that Tom's living in.
Tom's father was very angry when Tom came home late.
Tom's father was very strict.
Tom's father was very well-off.
Tom's father will chew Tom out.
Tom's father will chew him out.
Tom's father will scold him.
Tom's father wouldn't let Tom play basketball.
Tom's father's a bit of a soak.
Tom's father's name is John.
Tom's father's name was John.
Tom's father, who is in prison, never writes to Tom.
Tom's father, who is in prison, never writes to him.
Tom's favorite Elvis Presley song is "Jailhouse Rock."
Tom's favorite TV show has been canceled.
Tom's favorite TV show was canceled.
Tom's favorite actress is Ellen Page.
Tom's favorite alcoholic drink is tequila.
Tom's favorite animal is a jerboa.
Tom's favorite animal is horse.
Tom's favorite beverage is Scotch whiskey.
Tom's favorite bird is a kookaburra.
Tom's favorite color is blue.
Tom's favorite dessert is strawberry cheesecake.
Tom's favorite dinosaur is the stegosaurus.
Tom's favorite dish is lasagna.
Tom's favorite drink is coffee.
Tom's favorite drink is lemonade.
Tom's favorite drink is water.
Tom's favorite flowers are carnations.
Tom's favorite food at the Renaissance festival is the turkey legs.
Tom's favorite food is bread, but he also eats a lot of rice.
Tom's favorite food is pasta.
Tom's favorite food is pizza.
Tom's favorite food is spaghetti.
Tom's favorite food when he was a teenager was pizza.
Tom's favorite is the triple-layer chocolate cake.
Tom's favorite kind of music is heavy metal.
Tom's favorite movie is "Planet of the Squirrels."
Tom's favorite movie is "Rise of the Planet of the Squirrels."
Tom's favorite movie is Brokeback Mountain.
Tom's favorite movie is Dumbo.
Tom's favorite number is 7.
Tom's favorite number is seven.
Tom's favorite part of his day is his skincare routine.
Tom's favorite pastime was solving differential expressions, while Mary preferred sex.
Tom's favorite pictures are the ones that feature members of his family and friends.
Tom's favorite poet is Robert Burns.
Tom's favorite saying is "You can't put two saddles on one horse."
Tom's favorite season is spring.
Tom's favorite show is Black Mirror.
Tom's favorite show is Game of Thrones.
Tom's favorite show is Gravity Falls.
Tom's favorite singer is always changing.
Tom's favorite song is Chariots of Fire by Vangelis.
Tom's favorite sport is baseball.
Tom's favorite subject is calculus.
Tom's favorite subject is math.
Tom's favorite subject is mathematics.
Tom's favorite subject was trigonometry.
Tom's favorite superhero is Batman.
Tom's favorite superhero is Spider-Man.
Tom's favorite superhero is Spiderman.
Tom's favorite superhero is Superman.
Tom's favorite team was cheated of a score by corrupt officiating.
Tom's favorite thing to do was cooking.
Tom's favorite thing was cooking.
Tom's favorite things at school are lunch and recess.
Tom's favorite vehicle is a 1960 Ford truck.
Tom's favorite wrestler was The Rock.
Tom's favourite actress is Ellen Page.
Tom's favourite animal is a jerboa.
Tom's favourite band is the Rolling Stones, but give me the Kinks any day.
Tom's favourite beverage is Scotch whiskey.
Tom's favourite bird is a kookaburra.
Tom's favourite dish is lasagne.
Tom's favourite number is 7.
Tom's favourite pastime was solving differential expressions, while Mary preferred sex.
Tom's favourite poet is Robert Burns.
Tom's favourite show is Black Mirror.
Tom's favourite show is Game of Thrones.
Tom's favourite show is Gravity Falls.
Tom's favourite song is Nuts by the band The Squirrels.
Tom's favourite subject is calculus.
Tom's favourite subject was trigonometry.
Tom's fear came true.
Tom's fear of school shootings caused him to homeschool his children.
Tom's fear was palpable.
Tom's fearless.
Tom's fearlessness is laudable.
Tom's fears came true.
Tom's fears were well founded.
Tom's fears weren't exactly unfounded.
Tom's feeling a bit off colour.
Tom's feeling a little peckish.
Tom's feelings are his own kryptonite.
Tom's feelings are hurt.
Tom's feelings are intense and change often.
Tom's feelings for Mary, however, had not changed.
Tom's feelings matter.
Tom's feelings were hurt.
Tom's feelings were not reciprocated.
Tom's feelings weren't reciprocated.
Tom's feet are oddly shaped.
Tom's feet are really big.
Tom's feet are swollen.
Tom's feet are very dirty.
Tom's feet felt numb.
Tom's feet got wet.
Tom's feet sank in the snow.
Tom's feet smell.
Tom's feet stink.
Tom's feet were bare.
Tom's feet were cold.
Tom's feet were very dirty.
Tom's fever has broken.
Tom's fever has subsided.
Tom's fever is getting worse.
Tom's fever subsided.
Tom's fiancée is still studying.
Tom's fiancée was there.
Tom's field is history.
Tom's field of study is law.
Tom's figures were way off.
Tom's filling in the paperwork to change his name.
Tom's filthy.
Tom's final texts indicate he didn't even know why he was being pursued.
Tom's financial situation worsened.
Tom's finding it hard to accept that it's over between him and Mary.
Tom's finest memories of college consisted of ordering roast beef sandwiches.
Tom's fingernails are dirty.
Tom's fingerprint was evidence that he was there.
Tom's fingerprints matched those found on the knife.
Tom's fingerprints were on the gun.
Tom's fingers are greasy.
Tom's fingers are like a woman's.
Tom's fingers are really long.
Tom's fingers got smashed while working on the assembly line.
Tom's finished.
Tom's fireplace hangs from the ceiling.
Tom's first book was published in 2013.
Tom's first car was a Toyota.
Tom's first car was blue.
Tom's first computer was given to him by his father.
Tom's first girlfriend was Canadian.
Tom's first girlfriend was Mary.
Tom's first girlfriend was a blonde.
Tom's first girlfriend was incredibly beautiful.
Tom's first girlfriend was very beautiful.
Tom's first guitar was made in China.
Tom's first instinct was to run away.
Tom's first job was as an usher at movie theater.
Tom's first job was shoveling snow.
Tom's first language was French, but he's not very good at it now.
Tom's first language was French.
Tom's first love was baseball.
Tom's first marriage ended in divorce.
Tom's first name is actually John; Thomas is his middle name.
Tom's first novel came out in 2013.
Tom's first novel has been translated into six languages.
Tom's first novel was translated into six languages.
Tom's first reaction was to laugh.
Tom's first stop was Mary's house.
Tom's first teacher was his mother.
Tom's first week on the job didn't go very well.
Tom's first wife died in 2013.
Tom's first wife fleeced him, and he was broke when he met Mary.
Tom's first wife was Canadian.
Tom's first wife was from Boston.
Tom's first wife was much older than him.
Tom's first wife was named Marina.
Tom's first wife was named Mary.
Tom's first wife was really strange.
Tom's first wife's name was Mary.
Tom's first win was also his last.
Tom's fists were tightly clenched.
Tom's fitful movements only barely resembled dancing.
Tom's fitness has improved markedly under his new coach.
Tom's flaky.
Tom's flashlight died on him before he could get out of the cave.
Tom's flat doesn't have air conditioning.
Tom's flat hasn't got air conditioning.
Tom's flat is a bit too big for just one person.
Tom's flat is cluttered.
Tom's flat is full of antiques.
Tom's flat is on the second floor.
Tom's flat is roomy.
Tom's flat is small, but it's very cosy.
Tom's flat is small.
Tom's flat is spacious.
Tom's flat is within walking distance of the railway station.
Tom's flat was small.
Tom's flawless French astonished us.
Tom's flawless and nobody can find a fault in him.
Tom's flight has been canceled.
Tom's flight has been delayed.
Tom's flight has just taken off.
Tom's flight is supposed to arrive at 2:30.
Tom's flight leaves at 2:30.
Tom's flight should be arriving soon.
Tom's flight was canceled.
Tom's flight was cancelled.
Tom's flight was delayed and then cancelled.
Tom's flight was delayed.
Tom's flight was postponed for three hours.
Tom's flight was three hours late.
Tom's flight will be arriving early.
Tom's flock of sheep is very large.
Tom's floor was made of many wooden slats.
Tom's focus on sustainable gardening has inspired his neighbors.
Tom's food lab invented a new cheese spread that contains no real cheese.
Tom's foot had to be amputated after it had become infected with gangrene following a severe frostbite.
Tom's foot slipped on a rock and he lost his balance.
Tom's foot was once crushed by a woman wearing high heels in the train.
Tom's football team got a hammering.
Tom's football team was thrashed.
Tom's football team were thrashed.
Tom's forehead touched mine.
Tom's forehead was covered with perspiration.
Tom's forgiven me everything.
Tom's foster parents adopted him.
Tom's frames are made of titanium.
Tom's frantic.
Tom's free kick hit the wall.
Tom's free.
Tom's friend asked him to come to his house after school. Tom was very excited and he ran home to ask his mother's permission.
Tom's friend is getting married in Boston.
Tom's friend is named Peter.
Tom's friend is very beautiful, isn't she?
Tom's friend likes to drink.
Tom's friend speaks Berber.
Tom's friend tested positive for COVID-19.
Tom's friend whispered something to him.
Tom's friend will have a colonoscopy tomorrow.
Tom's friend's name is Mary.
Tom's friend's name is Pierre.
Tom's friend's name was Mary.
Tom's friendly manner deceived us.
Tom's friendly.
Tom's friends all laughed at Mary.
Tom's friends all laughed at me.
Tom's friends all seem so interesting.
Tom's friends are always on their phones.
Tom's friends are dangerous.
Tom's friends are good guys.
Tom's friends are helping him.
Tom's friends are my friends as well.
Tom's friends are nice.
Tom's friends are richer than mine.
Tom's friends are waiting for him.
Tom's friends aren't interested in doing that with him.
Tom's friends asked him to come out and play.
Tom's friends called him Money Bags.
Tom's friends called him Mr Money Bags.
Tom's friends called him Mr. Money Bags.
Tom's friends convinced him to stay.
Tom's friends couldn't help him.
Tom's friends did their best to cheer Tom up.
Tom's friends did their best to cheer him up.
Tom's friends knew Tom couldn't speak French.
Tom's friends knew Tom was having money problems.
Tom's friends knew Tom was unhappy.
Tom's friends knew he couldn't speak French.
Tom's friends knew he was having money problems.
Tom's friends knew he was unhappy.
Tom's friends knew that Tom was having money problems.
Tom's friends knew that he was having money problems.
Tom's friends laughed at Tom's joke.
Tom's friends laughed at him.
Tom's friends laughed.
Tom's friends must miss him.
Tom's friends often help Tom do that.
Tom's friends often help him do his homework.
Tom's friends persuaded him to stay.
Tom's friends sat around him on the floor.
Tom's friends shouted for Tom to come out and play.
Tom's friends shouted for him to come out and play.
Tom's friends still miss him.
Tom's friends surrounded him.
Tom's friends think he looks like John.
Tom's friends think he's a bit strange.
Tom's friends think that he looks like John.
Tom's friends tried to cheer him up.
Tom's friends tried to comfort him.
Tom's friends tried to help him do that.
Tom's friends tried to help him.
Tom's friends wanted to help him.
Tom's friends went outside to smoke.
Tom's friends were all laughing at me.
Tom's friends were green with envy when they saw his new sports car.
Tom's friends were mean to him.
Tom's friends were very kind when he lost his job.
Tom's friends were waiting for him where they said they'd be.
Tom's friends were waiting for him.
Tom's friendship means a lot to me.
Tom's friendship means a lot to you, doesn't it?
Tom's frightened.
Tom's from France? I thought he was from Belgium!
Tom's front door was open.
Tom's full of courage.
Tom's full of his own self-importance.
Tom's fuming again today - the slightest word and he blows his top.
Tom's function was to advise.
Tom's funding was withdrawn. He had to stop his research.
Tom's funeral arrangements are pending.
Tom's funeral arrangements have already been taken care of.
Tom's funeral is on Monday.
Tom's funeral is over.
Tom's funeral is taking place this weekend.
Tom's funeral is today.
Tom's funeral is tomorrow.
Tom's funeral was three days ago.
Tom's funeral will be held on Monday.
Tom's funeral will be held on October 20th.
Tom's funeral will be on Monday at 2:30.
Tom's funeral will be on Monday.
Tom's funeral will be on October 20th.
Tom's funeral will be this weekend.
Tom's funk band was in a funk.
Tom's funny.
Tom's furious.
Tom's fursona is a fox named Neon.
Tom's fursona is a lion.
Tom's fursona is a vixen named Neon.
Tom's fussy, isn't he?
Tom's future is bright.
Tom's future remains uncertain.
Tom's gamble paid off.
Tom's gamble seems to have paid off.
Tom's game is in development for PC, PS4 and Switch.
Tom's game was glitching out: none of the textures would load.
Tom's gang was arrested in a sting operation.
Tom's garage door was open.
Tom's garage door wasn't locked.
Tom's garage is empty.
Tom's garage is filled with things that he never uses.
Tom's garage is full of things he hasn't used for a long time.
Tom's garage is full of things he never uses.
Tom's garden has become a haven for local wildlife.
Tom's garden is a lot larger than Mary's.
Tom's garden is a lot smaller than Mary's.
Tom's garden is a reflection of his care for the environment.
Tom's garden is about the same size as Mary's.
Tom's garden is almost as large Mary's.
Tom's garden is beautiful.
Tom's garden is full of vibrant flowers and herbs.
Tom's garden is larger than Mary's.
Tom's garden is much larger than Mary's.
Tom's garden is much smaller than Mary's.
Tom's garden is neglected because he doesn't care for it properly.
Tom's garden is nicer than yours.
Tom's garden is really small.
Tom's garden is smaller than Mary's.
Tom's garden isn't as large as Mary's.
Tom's garden isn't as small as Mary's.
Tom's garden isn't quite as large Mary's.
Tom's garden was covered with snow.
Tom's garden was vandalised.
Tom's garrulity is really starting to get on my nerves.
Tom's gate was locked.
Tom's gate was open.
Tom's gate wasn't open.
Tom's gay, isn't he?
Tom's gay.
Tom's gaze met mine.
Tom's generosity knew no bounds.
Tom's getting breakfast ready.
Tom's getting chilly.
Tom's getting ready for school.
Tom's getting up at nine o'clock.
Tom's ghost still haunts the streets of Boston.
Tom's girlfriend Mary has hyperthyroidism.
Tom's girlfriend at that time was Mary.
Tom's girlfriend broke up with him and started going out with another guy.
Tom's girlfriend cheered him on.
Tom's girlfriend dumped him.
Tom's girlfriend has an unusual first name.
Tom's girlfriend has dumped him.
Tom's girlfriend is Canadian.
Tom's girlfriend is Mary.
Tom's girlfriend is a lot younger than he is.
Tom's girlfriend is cute.
Tom's girlfriend is older than he is.
Tom's girlfriend is older than mine.
Tom's girlfriend is quite a bit younger than he is.
Tom's girlfriend is really pretty.
Tom's girlfriend is still studying.
Tom's girlfriend is taller, stronger, and smarter than he is.
Tom's girlfriend is three years older than he is.
Tom's girlfriend is three years younger than he is.
Tom's girlfriend is very beautiful.
Tom's girlfriend is very possessive.
Tom's girlfriend is very supportive and understanding.
Tom's girlfriend is younger than his daughter.
Tom's girlfriend is younger than mine.
Tom's girlfriend knitted him a sweater.
Tom's girlfriend saw him with another girl.
Tom's girlfriend scared the heck out of him.
Tom's girlfriend threatened to leave him.
Tom's girlfriend threw him out.
Tom's girlfriend's ex-boyfriend's girlfriend used to be John's girlfriend.
Tom's girlfriend's name is Mary.
Tom's girlfriend's name isn't Mary.
Tom's given me something.
Tom's given to fits of rage.
Tom's glad.
Tom's glass broke when he dropped it.
Tom's glass is empty.
Tom's glass was empty.
Tom's glasses are cool.
Tom's glasses are on the nightstand.
Tom's glasses aren't prescription.
Tom's glasses got all steamed up.
Tom's glasses slipped down from his nose.
Tom's glasses slipped down his nose.
Tom's glasses slipped from his nose.
Tom's gluttony knows no bounds.
Tom's goal is to become a celebrity chef.
Tom's goal is to become a teacher.
Tom's goal is to become famous.
Tom's goal is to own a home before he's thirty.
Tom's goal is to own a house before he's thirty.
Tom's goal livened up an otherwise dull game.
Tom's goal was disallowed.
Tom's goal was to become famous.
Tom's goat gave birth to a litter of three kids.
Tom's goat had a litter of three kids.
Tom's godfather sent him $20 on every birthday, but never once talked to him about religion.
Tom's going apeshit.
Tom's going back on antipsychotics.
Tom's going commando today.
Tom's going crazy.
Tom's going dumpster diving.
Tom's going on and on about his raw vegan diet is starting to get on Mary's goat.
Tom's going on the lash tonight.
Tom's going through a lot.
Tom's going to Boston on Monday.
Tom's going to abstain.
Tom's going to be a grandfather again.
Tom's going to be deported back to Brazil soon.
Tom's going to be here at about five o'clock.
Tom's going to be quite happy.
Tom's going to break everything.
Tom's going to bring his sister to the party.
Tom's going to die.
Tom's going to get it when we get back.
Tom's going to kill me when he finds out what I did.
Tom's going to make cheese after milking today.
Tom's going to rub it in my face that I was wrong.
Tom's going to the cinema with his girlfriend.
Tom's going to the concert.
Tom's going with me tomorrow.
Tom's goldfish is depressed.
Tom's gone down two pant sizes since he went vegan.
Tom's gone down two pant sizes since he's been working out.
Tom's gone somewhere on his bike.
Tom's gone.
Tom's good at haggling.
Tom's good at his job, but he's not a team player.
Tom's good at his job.
Tom's good at retouching photos in Photoshop.
Tom's good in bed.
Tom's good, but not good enough.
Tom's goose is cooked.
Tom's got a PhD.
Tom's got a bad case of bipolar disorder.
Tom's got a big day planned; first, he's going to pick up the engagement ring from the jeweller's, then he'll buy a dozen red roses before proposing to Mary over lunch.
Tom's got a big mouth.
Tom's got a bike, but I haven't got one.
Tom's got a cactus on his window ledge.
Tom's got a cactus on his window sill.
Tom's got a good pair of ears on him.
Tom's got a great future.
Tom's got a great sense of humor.
Tom's got a gun.
Tom's got a hire car with satnav.
Tom's got a list of people who helped.
Tom's got a list of people who've helped.
Tom's got a lot of verve, it's going to carry him to success.
Tom's got a lot on his mind at the moment.
Tom's got a moustache now.
Tom's got a new company car.
Tom's got a new pair of glasses.
Tom's got a pomegranate.
Tom's got a really big mouth.
Tom's got a rowing boat.
Tom's got a short fuse and flies off the handle at the drop of a hat.
Tom's got a sore throat.
Tom's got a stepbrother.
Tom's got a temper on him.
Tom's got a terrible case of the runs.
Tom's got a terrible cough.
Tom's got a torch he might lend you.
Tom's got a touch of the 'tism.
Tom's got a tremendous amount of work to do.
Tom's got a twisted sense of humour.
Tom's got a very good memory.
Tom's got a weight problem.
Tom's got an analytical mind.
Tom's got an electric toothbrush.
Tom's got an email from Mary.
Tom's got an impressive moustache.
Tom's got an upset stomach.
Tom's got bad gas.
Tom's got connections.
Tom's got daddy issues.
Tom's got everything under control.
Tom's got fatter since I last saw him.
Tom's got heaps of friends.
Tom's got high blood pressure.
Tom's got issues.
Tom's got magical powers.
Tom's got no idea about DIY. He can't even knock a nail into the wall.
Tom's got no patience.
Tom's got no sense of humour.
Tom's got nothing to hide.
Tom's got nothing to lose.
Tom's got rizz.
Tom's got road rage.
Tom's got roid rage.
Tom's got school tomorrow.
Tom's got some dank nugs.
Tom's got some day pot.
Tom's got some heady bud.
Tom's got something we want.
Tom's got the key.
Tom's got the right idea.
Tom's got the worst luck.
Tom's got to eat something.
Tom's got to take it easy.
Tom's got to take it easy. After all, he's only just been let out of hospital.
Tom's got two sons.
Tom's got very few photos of himself as a baby.
Tom's gotten fatter since the last time I saw him.
Tom's gotten so big.
Tom's gotten so tall.
Tom's grades are excellent.
Tom's grades are much better than Mary's.
Tom's grades are really low.
Tom's grades didn't improve.
Tom's grades dropped.
Tom's grades have been slipping, so he really needs to hit the books.
Tom's grades have been slipping.
Tom's grades soon plummeted.
Tom's grammar is an absolute rebellion against the English language.
Tom's grandchildren got nothing.
Tom's grandchildren were a source of great pleasure for him.
Tom's grandchildren were playing with the nativity set figures.
Tom's grandfather and Mary's grandfather fought together in World War II.
Tom's grandfather called him a young whippersnapper.
Tom's grandfather couldn't read.
Tom's grandfather died last Monday.
Tom's grandfather knew my grandfather.
Tom's grandfather on his mother's side has already passed away.
Tom's grandfather owned a haberdashery.
Tom's grandfather passed away last Monday.
Tom's grandfather planted this tree.
Tom's grandfather raised him.
Tom's grandfather served in the Wehrmacht.
Tom's grandfather showed him how to do that.
Tom's grandfather told him never to lose his sense of wonder.
Tom's grandfather uses a computer, and he also has a cell phone.
Tom's grandfather was a blacksmith.
Tom's grandfather was a concentration camp survivor.
Tom's grandfather was a photographer.
Tom's grandfather was a signal officer in the army.
Tom's grandfather was a slave.
Tom's grandfather was a soldier.
Tom's grandfather was illiterate.
Tom's grandfather will be ninety next month.
Tom's grandmother brought him up.
Tom's grandmother died from salmonella.
Tom's grandmother died three years ago.
Tom's grandmother had seven children.
Tom's grandmother has seven children.
Tom's grandmother is a very old woman.
Tom's grandmother is quite feeble and needs help with her daily activities.
Tom's grandmother is still living.
Tom's grandmother is very rich.
Tom's grandmother left everything to him.
Tom's grandmother looks healthy.
Tom's grandmother passed away last night.
Tom's grandmother passed away.
Tom's grandmother planted this tree.
Tom's grandmother raised him.
Tom's grandmother seems to be in good health.
Tom's grandmother was behind the murders.
Tom's grandpa has white hair.
Tom's grandparents are buried in a cemetery not too far from here.
Tom's grandparents are coming to visit for Thanksgiving.
Tom's grandparents brought him up.
Tom's grandparents from his father's side were farmers.
Tom's grandparents raised him.
Tom's grandparents were beatniks.
Tom's grandparents were itinerant farm workers.
Tom's grandparents were very poor.
Tom's great-grandfather was a farmer.
Tom's great-grandfather was blind from birth.
Tom's great-grandfather was born blind.
Tom's great-grandfather was the mayor of Boston.
Tom's great-grandfather's house is still standing.
Tom's great-grandmother was a servant.
Tom's great-grandparents come from Africa.
Tom's great-great-grandfather grew up in the same town as Mary's great-great-grandmother.
Tom's great-great-grandfather was a pirate.
Tom's great-great-grandfather was a slave.
Tom's great-great-great grandmother lived in Scotland.
Tom's great-great-great-grandfather used to buy and sell slaves.
Tom's great.
Tom's greatest temptation was dairy products like cheese and ice cream.
Tom's greedy.
Tom's grieving.
Tom's grinning.
Tom's groggy.
Tom's gross income last year was over thirty thousand dollars.
Tom's group was declared a terrorist organization by the government of Australia.
Tom's guardian angel must have been watching out for him.
Tom's guardian angel must have been watching over him.
Tom's guardian angel must've been watching over him.
Tom's guardian angel watches over him.
Tom's guards drew in beside him.
Tom's guess is as good as mine.
Tom's guess was right.
Tom's guilt could not be proven without the murder weapon.
Tom's guilt couldn't be proven without the murder weapon.
Tom's guilt will be difficult to prove beyond a reasonable doubt.
Tom's guilt will be difficult to prove.
Tom's guilty.
Tom's guinea pig Cookie has a crest on his head.
Tom's guitar is a lot better than mine.
Tom's guitar looks exactly like this one.
Tom's guitar playing didn't impress me at all.
Tom's guitar playing is amazing.
Tom's guitar playing isn't bad.
Tom's guitar playing sounds likes it's gotten better.
Tom's guitar playing sounds really good.
Tom's guitar wasn't damaged in the flood.
Tom's gun is missing.
Tom's gun is on the ground.
Tom's gun misfired.
Tom's gun was under the seat.
Tom's gun wasn't loaded.
Tom's gym teacher is Mary's basketball coach.
Tom's habit is to scratch his head.
Tom's had a lot of girlfriends.
Tom's had a very good year.
Tom's had his fair share of problems lately.
Tom's had his house painted.
Tom's had numerous opportunities to set the record straight.
Tom's had regular run-ins with the law, and is considered the black sheep of his family.
Tom's hair grows.
Tom's hair has fallen out.
Tom's hair has gone grey.
Tom's hair has grown back.
Tom's hair has turned gray since I last saw him.
Tom's hair has turned gray since the last time I saw him.
Tom's hair has turned gray.
Tom's hair is all silver.
Tom's hair is always greasy and dirty.
Tom's hair is black.
Tom's hair is brown.
Tom's hair is chestnut brown.
Tom's hair is curly.
Tom's hair is dirty.
Tom's hair is disheveled.
Tom's hair is dyed jet black.
Tom's hair is gray.
Tom's hair is greasy.
Tom's hair is growing.
Tom's hair is long and red.
Tom's hair is long.
Tom's hair is longer than Mary's.
Tom's hair is longer than a woman's.
Tom's hair is longer than mine.
Tom's hair is neatly combed.
Tom's hair is on fire.
Tom's hair is really short.
Tom's hair is red.
Tom's hair is short at the front and long at the back.
Tom's hair is short.
Tom's hair is still damp.
Tom's hair is the same color as his dog's fur.
Tom's hair is the same color as mine.
Tom's hair is thick.
Tom's hair is thinning.
Tom's hair is too long.
Tom's hair is turning gray.
Tom's hair is very curly.
Tom's hair is very long.
Tom's hair is very short.
Tom's hair is wavy.
Tom's hair is wet from the rain.
Tom's hair is wet.
Tom's hair isn't red, is it?
Tom's hair looks OK.
Tom's hair looks dirty.
Tom's hair started turning gray before he turned thirty.
Tom's hair takes a long time to dry.
Tom's hair used to be much longer.
Tom's hair was all matted from all that running.
Tom's hair was disheveled.
Tom's hair was long the last time I saw him.
Tom's hair was slicked back.
Tom's hair was unkempt and filthy.
Tom's hair was wet when he came home.
Tom's hair was wet.
Tom's hair wasn't so long last year when I saw him.
Tom's hair went flat with the humidity.
Tom's hair's wet.
Tom's haircut could be described by the well-known saying: "The shed burned down; burn down the house, too."
Tom's hairline is receding.
Tom's half-sister is married to a Czech man and teaches English in Prague, where she also lives.
Tom's hallucinating.
Tom's hamster escaped.
Tom's hand has an eye on it.
Tom's hand is clean.
Tom's hand popped out of his grave.
Tom's hand swelled up and went purple after he was bitten by something in the garden.
Tom's hand touched Mary's.
Tom's hand was bitten by a moray eel.
Tom's hand-eye coordination has never been the same since the accident.
Tom's hands and feet were tied.
Tom's hands are behind his back.
Tom's hands are bigger than mine.
Tom's hands are clean, but Mary's aren't.
Tom's hands are dirty.
Tom's hands are full.
Tom's hands are greasy.
Tom's hands are in his pockets.
Tom's hands are large.
Tom's hands are shaking.
Tom's hands are small.
Tom's hands are tied behind his back.
Tom's hands are tied.
Tom's hands are very dirty.
Tom's hands began to shake.
Tom's hands felt like ice.
Tom's hands slipped around Mary's waist.
Tom's hands slipped around her waist.
Tom's hands trembled.
Tom's hands were all dirty.
Tom's hands were behind his back.
Tom's hands were cold.
Tom's hands were covered in mud.
Tom's hands were dirty.
Tom's hands were handcuffed.
Tom's hands were mangled.
Tom's hands were numb.
Tom's hands were shaking and his face was red.
Tom's hands were shaking.
Tom's hands were tied behind his back.
Tom's hands were tightly clenched into fists.
Tom's hands were very dirty.
Tom's handshake is very strong.
Tom's handwriting is almost illegible.
Tom's handwriting is bad.
Tom's handwriting is better than Mary's.
Tom's handwriting is hard to read.
Tom's handwriting is illegible.
Tom's handwriting is messy.
Tom's handwriting is terrible.
Tom's handwriting is unreadable.
Tom's handwriting is very easy to read.
Tom's handwriting is very hard to read.
Tom's handwriting is very legible.
Tom's handwriting isn't very good, but it's easy to read.
Tom's handwriting's better than Mary's.
Tom's happiness means more to me than anything else in the world.
Tom's happiness was short-lived.
Tom's happy not to be in your shoes.
Tom's happy.
Tom's hard work has been rewarded.
Tom's hard work has paid off.
Tom's hard work is paying off.
Tom's hard work paid off.
Tom's hardly eaten anything.
Tom's hardly got a good word to say about his brother.
Tom's hardly likely to admit that he's wrong.
Tom's hardly said a word all day.
Tom's harmless.
Tom's hat and coat are on the chair over there.
Tom's hat blew off.
Tom's hat fell off his head.
Tom's hat fell off.
Tom's hat got blown off his head.
Tom's hat is red.
Tom's hat was blown off his head.
Tom's hat was made in Australia. I'm not sure about his boots.
Tom's haters have twisted his words.
Tom's having a good time.
Tom's having a kip.
Tom's having a lot of problems with noisy neighbours in his new apartment.
Tom's head ached.
Tom's head hurt.
Tom's head is bandaged.
Tom's head is completely hairless due to an illness.
Tom's head is covered with bandages.
Tom's head is empty.
Tom's head is full of sawdust.
Tom's head is spinning.
Tom's head turned into a thousand snakes.
Tom's head was shaved.
Tom's head was smashed in with a crowbar or something similar.
Tom's head was spinning.
Tom's headaches are attributable to stress.
Tom's heading this way.
Tom's headstrong.
Tom's health care is provided by his company's retiree insurance plan.
Tom's health condition has considerably improved.
Tom's health deteriorated.
Tom's health has always been a worry to his wife.
Tom's health has been deteriorating for some time.
Tom's health has declined a lot recently.
Tom's health has deteriorated.
Tom's health has gradually deteriorated over the past six months.
Tom's health has improved dramatically.
Tom's health is improving.
Tom's health quickly became much better.
Tom's health should soon improve.
Tom's health started to deteriorate after the death of his beloved wife, Mary.
Tom's health started to deteriorate after the death of his wife.
Tom's healthy.
Tom's hearing deteriorated.
Tom's hearing has gradually gotten worse.
Tom's hearing is beginning to go.
Tom's hearing is not as good as it used to be.
Tom's hearing is scheduled for October 20th.
Tom's hearing is scheduled for October twentieth.
Tom's hearing is set for October 20th.
Tom's hearing isn't as good as it used to be.
Tom's hearing isn't very good.
Tom's heart appears to be in the right place.
Tom's heart began pounding.
Tom's heart gave out.
Tom's heart is in the right place.
Tom's heart isn't in it anymore.
Tom's heart nearly stopped.
Tom's heart sank.
Tom's heart skipped a beat.
Tom's heart started pounding.
Tom's heart started racing.
Tom's heart stood still.
Tom's heart stopped, but doctors managed to revive him.
Tom's heart stopped, but the doctors managed to revive him.
Tom's heart stopped.
Tom's heart suddenly began to beat faster.
Tom's heart was beating fast.
Tom's heart was broken.
Tom's heart was filled with sorrow.
Tom's heart was full of joy.
Tom's heart was racing.
Tom's heart was ripped out.
Tom's heart's getting stronger every day.
Tom's heart, succumbing to Mary's advances, was beating surrender.
Tom's hedgehog had babies.
Tom's hedgehog is so cute!
Tom's height gave him a decided advantage in the game.
Tom's height made him stand out in a crowd.
Tom's height makes him stand out in a crowd.
Tom's helicopter crashed on the edge of the town.
Tom's help isn't enough for us.
Tom's help isn't needed anymore.
Tom's help isn't needed.
Tom's helping.
Tom's helpless.
Tom's here just to make up the numbers.
Tom's here to meet Mary.
Tom's here, isn't he?
Tom's here, right?
Tom's here.
Tom's hesitating.
Tom's hiding in an alleyway.
Tom's hiding something, and Mary knows it.
Tom's hiding something, too.
Tom's high as a kite.
Tom's hilarious.
Tom's hobbies are gardening, sailing, carpentry and cycling.
Tom's hobbies are skiing and scuba diving.
Tom's hobbies include playing chess and collecting stamps.
Tom's hobbies include skiing, swimming and cycling.
Tom's hobby is astronomy.
Tom's hobby is collecting old coins.
Tom's hobby is collecting old stamps.
Tom's hobby is collecting photos of cars.
Tom's hobby is collecting stamps.
Tom's hobby is cooking.
Tom's hobby is drinking.
Tom's hobby is golf.
Tom's hobby is growing roses.
Tom's hobby is playing tennis, as most of his business partners play it.
Tom's holiday bungalow has panoramic views of the ocean.
Tom's home and office were searched by the police.
Tom's home burned down in 2013.
Tom's home from school earlier than usual.
Tom's home has a kobold infestation.
Tom's home is energy-efficient.
Tom's home is filled with antiques.
Tom's home looks like a castle.
Tom's home planet was occupied by little green men.
Tom's home was burned.
Tom's home was destroyed by hurricane Katrina.
Tom's home was destroyed by the hurricane.
Tom's home was obviously ransacked.
Tom's home was swallowed by a sinkhole.
Tom's home.
Tom's homeless.
Tom's homemade peanut butter is pretty good.
Tom's homesick.
Tom's hometown is Boston.
Tom's hometown was occupied by little green men.
Tom's honesty is above all suspicion.
Tom's honesty is beyond all question.
Tom's hooked on cigarettes.
Tom's hope was to win first prize.
Tom's hopes were dashed instantly.
Tom's hopes were dashed.
Tom's horse bit him.
Tom's horse died.
Tom's horse got spooked and bolted before he could mount it.
Tom's horse is a lot faster than mine.
Tom's horse is fast, but mine is faster.
Tom's horse kicked him.
Tom's horse liked drinking water mixed with a little brandy.
Tom's horse reared suddenly and threw him.
Tom's horse reared up.
Tom's horse suddenly propped and threw him off.
Tom's horse's front right leg looks like it's broken.
Tom's horses eat carrots and apples.
Tom's hot, but he's a complete mess.
Tom's house also burned down.
Tom's house burned down as well.
Tom's house burned down in 2013.
Tom's house burned down in mysterious circumstances.
Tom's house burned down last night.
Tom's house burned down, too.
Tom's house burned down.
Tom's house burned to the ground.
Tom's house doesn't have a basement.
Tom's house doesn't have a garage.
Tom's house doesn't have electricity.
Tom's house doesn't have running water.
Tom's house got broken into last night and his dog didn't even bark.
Tom's house got destroyed by a hurricane.
Tom's house got foreclosed on.
Tom's house got searched by the police.
Tom's house got swept away in a landslide.
Tom's house has a back porch.
Tom's house has a basement.
Tom's house has a beautiful marble staircase.
Tom's house has a big backyard with a large oak tree.
Tom's house has a chimney.
Tom's house has a green roof.
Tom's house has a hidden room.
Tom's house has a huge basement.
Tom's house has a large garden.
Tom's house has a large library.
Tom's house has a leaky roof.
Tom's house has a nice garden.
Tom's house has a red roof.
Tom's house has a secret room where he built a shrine to pray to the stoat spirit.
Tom's house has a solar roof.
Tom's house has a thatched roof.
Tom's house has a tiny kitchen.
Tom's house has a tower.
Tom's house has an alarm system.
Tom's house has been completely destroyed.
Tom's house has been sold.
Tom's house has burned down.
Tom's house has collapsed.
Tom's house has double glazed windows.
Tom's house has large windows.
Tom's house has nothing.
Tom's house has one stained glass window.
Tom's house has only one bedroom.
Tom's house has red roof.
Tom's house has small windows.
Tom's house has three bedrooms upstairs.
Tom's house has three bedrooms.
Tom's house has three rooms.
Tom's house has triple glazed windows.
Tom's house is a five-minute walk from the train station.
Tom's house is a long way from the station.
Tom's house is a mess.
Tom's house is a three-minute walk from here.
Tom's house is a wreck.
Tom's house is about a thirty-minute walk from here.
Tom's house is about the same size as Mary's.
Tom's house is about thirty miles north of Boston.
Tom's house is across the street from mine.
Tom's house is across the street from my house.
Tom's house is always clean.
Tom's house is around here somewhere.
Tom's house is at least three times as large as mine.
Tom's house is at least three times larger than mine.
Tom's house is at least twice as big as mine.
Tom's house is being painted.
Tom's house is being remodeled.
Tom's house is being repaired.
Tom's house is being worked on.
Tom's house is big.
Tom's house is by the edge of Amstel River.
Tom's house is by the river.
Tom's house is by the sea.
Tom's house is close to the cemetery.
Tom's house is completely destroyed.
Tom's house is dilapidated.
Tom's house is down this street.
Tom's house is easy to find.
Tom's house is enormous.
Tom's house is falling apart.
Tom's house is far away.
Tom's house is far from the station.
Tom's house is for sale.
Tom's house is full of toys.
Tom's house is haunted.
Tom's house is in a rueful state.
Tom's house is in the city.
Tom's house is isolated.
Tom's house is just about three kilometers from here.
Tom's house is just ahead.
Tom's house is just around the corner.
Tom's house is just down the road.
Tom's house is just down the street from here.
Tom's house is just down the street.
Tom's house is just over the hill.
Tom's house is just over there.
Tom's house is large.
Tom's house is larger than mine.
Tom's house is located on Park Street.
Tom's house is made from locally sourced materials.
Tom's house is made of wood.
Tom's house is made out of concrete.
Tom's house is made out of sustainable materials.
Tom's house is much larger than Mary's.
Tom's house is near Mary's school.
Tom's house is near a river.
Tom's house is near the beach.
Tom's house is near the cemetery.
Tom's house is near the church he goes to.
Tom's house is near the park.
Tom's house is near the river.
Tom's house is near the sea.
Tom's house is near where he works.
Tom's house is next to mine.
Tom's house is next to my house.
Tom's house is not too far from here.
Tom's house is old.
Tom's house is on Park Street.
Tom's house is on fire.
Tom's house is on the market.
Tom's house is on the opposite side of the river.
Tom's house is on the other side of the river.
Tom's house is on the other side of the street.
Tom's house is on the right side of the road.
Tom's house is on the south side of the island.
Tom's house is only a five-minute walk from here.
Tom's house is only about a five-minute walk from here.
Tom's house is only three blocks away from here.
Tom's house is only three blocks from here.
Tom's house is opposite the post office.
Tom's house is over there.
Tom's house is perched on the edge of a cliff.
Tom's house is powered by solar panels on the roof.
Tom's house is powered by solar panels.
Tom's house is quite posh.
Tom's house is really big.
Tom's house is shaped like a pyramid.
Tom's house is small, but it's big enough for him.
Tom's house is smaller than Mary's.
Tom's house is so remote hardly anyone ever goes there.
Tom's house is so remote that hardly anyone ever goes there.
Tom's house is somewhere around here.
Tom's house is supposedly haunted.
Tom's house is surrounded by apple trees.
Tom's house is the third house from the corner.
Tom's house is the third house on the left.
Tom's house is tidy.
Tom's house is under repair.
Tom's house is very big.
Tom's house is very close to mine.
Tom's house is very close to my house.
Tom's house is very cluttered.
Tom's house is very near mine.
Tom's house is very near my house.
Tom's house is very nice.
Tom's house is very small.
Tom's house is warm inside even on cold days.
Tom's house is well-insulated.
Tom's house is within walking distance of the nearest train station.
Tom's house isn't far from Mary's.
Tom's house isn't far from here.
Tom's house isn't far from his office.
Tom's house isn't far from his school.
Tom's house isn't far from mine.
Tom's house isn't far from my house.
Tom's house isn't far from the park.
Tom's house isn't far from where he works.
Tom's house isn't for sale.
Tom's house isn't looking good. There is much garbage in it.
Tom's house isn't near the station.
Tom's house isn't too far from Mary's.
Tom's house isn't too far from here.
Tom's house isn't very far from mine.
Tom's house isn't very far from my house.
Tom's house looked like it hadn't been cleaned for years.
Tom's house looks like a castle.
Tom's house looks like a medieval castle.
Tom's house looks nice from the outside.
Tom's house must be around here somewhere.
Tom's house must be somewhere around here.
Tom's house needs to be painted.
Tom's house shouldn't be too hard to find.
Tom's house took three years to build.
Tom's house was almost completely destroyed.
Tom's house was bombed during the war.
Tom's house was broken into last night.
Tom's house was broken into while he was in Boston last week.
Tom's house was broken into.
Tom's house was built by a 3D printer.
Tom's house was built in 2013.
Tom's house was burglarized.
Tom's house was burned down by the villagers.
Tom's house was completely covered in snow.
Tom's house was completely destroyed.
Tom's house was consumed by fire.
Tom's house was damaged by the flood.
Tom's house was damaged in a landslide.
Tom's house was destroyed by a hurricane.
Tom's house was destroyed by a tornado.
Tom's house was destroyed by a tsunami.
Tom's house was destroyed by the hurricane.
Tom's house was destroyed by the tsunami.
Tom's house was destroyed in the tsunami.
Tom's house was dirty.
Tom's house was easy to find.
Tom's house was made using locally sourced materials.
Tom's house was on fire.
Tom's house was repossessed by the bank.
Tom's house was struck by lightning and burned to the ground.
Tom's house was struck by lightning.
Tom's house was very nice.
Tom's house wasn't as large as I thought it would be.
Tom's house wasn't locked.
Tom's houseboat sank during a storm.
Tom's huge belly jiggled like jelly.
Tom's humorous speech thoroughly entertained his audience.
Tom's hunch was right.
Tom's hungover.
Tom's hungry.
Tom's hurt.
Tom's husband is a nurse.
Tom's husband is bi.
Tom's husband is bisexual.
Tom's husband is gay.
Tom's hyperactive imagination went into overdrive.
Tom's hyperventilating.
Tom's hypothesis is plausible.
Tom's hysterical.
Tom's iPhone was stolen by pickpockets.
Tom's idea intrigued Mary.
Tom's idea is better than yours.
Tom's idea is brilliant.
Tom's idea isn't a bad one.
Tom's idea isn't a very good one.
Tom's idea on how to fix the broken chair didn't work.
Tom's idea seemed good to me.
Tom's idea seems feasible.
Tom's idea seems good to me.
Tom's idea seems good.
Tom's idea wasn't a bad one.
Tom's idea wasn't adopted.
Tom's ideas are a little old-fashioned.
Tom's ideas are better than yours.
Tom's ideas deserve some consideration.
Tom's ideas seemed crazy.
Tom's ideas were extreme.
Tom's ideas were futuristic.
Tom's ideas were good.
Tom's ideas were ridiculed.
Tom's ideas were thoughtful.
Tom's ideas weren't popular.
Tom's identity was revealed.
Tom's identity was stolen.
Tom's idiosyncrasies take a bit of getting used to.
Tom's idiotness knows no bounds.
Tom's ignominious behavior is a disgrace to all of us.
Tom's ignorance is telling.
Tom's ignorance knows no bounds.
Tom's ill-informed financial decisions nearly led to his ruin.
Tom's ill.
Tom's illiterate, isn't he?
Tom's illiterate.
Tom's illness resulted from bad food.
Tom's illness resulted from eating too much.
Tom's illness took an unusual turn.
Tom's imaginary worlds were, to him, more real than reality.
Tom's imagination was aroused.
Tom's imaginative.
Tom's imitating the teacher.
Tom's impeccable manners made a big impression on Mary's parents.
Tom's impersonation of Elvis Presley was a flop. His fake sideburns fell off halfway during his performance.
Tom's important.
Tom's impossible.
Tom's impressed.
Tom's in Mary's good books at the moment.
Tom's in a fix.
Tom's in a funk band.
Tom's in a good mood today, isn't he?
Tom's in a meeting right now.
Tom's in a pickle.
Tom's in a slump lately.
Tom's in a spot of bother.
Tom's in charge.
Tom's in heaven now.
Tom's in it for the money.
Tom's in jail now, isn't he?
Tom's in line at the store.
Tom's in love with John's ex-wife.
Tom's in love with Mary's best friend.
Tom's in love with Mary's younger sister.
Tom's in our team now.
Tom's in prison now, isn't he?
Tom's in that tent.
Tom's in the big leagues now.
Tom's in the construction business.
Tom's in the doghouse at work, following several unapproved days off.
Tom's in the fox suit.
Tom's in the garden now.
Tom's in the garden right now.
Tom's in the habit of constantly finding fault with everything Mary does.
Tom's in the hospital with a pulmonary embolism.
Tom's in the psych ward.
Tom's in there.
Tom's in trouble again.
Tom's in trouble with the law.
Tom's inability to control his temper will likely instigate one international crisis after another.
Tom's inappropriate behavior had been widely reported by the press.
Tom's inappropriate behavior was widely reported in the press.
Tom's inattention at the wheel cost him his life.
Tom's inbox is full.
Tom's incel rant didn't go over well.
Tom's incendiary rhetoric has no place here.
Tom's incendiary speech kicked the revolution into overdrive.
Tom's income totals thirty thousand dollars a year.
Tom's incompetent.
Tom's indignation seemed insincere to Mary.
Tom's infatuation with Mary resulted in tragedy.
Tom's influence reaches everywhere.
Tom's injured toes were amputated.
Tom's injured.
Tom's injuries are all external.
Tom's injuries are considered minor.
Tom's injuries are superficial.
Tom's injuries aren't as bad as Mary's.
Tom's injuries aren't as serious as we first thought.
Tom's injuries aren't considered life-threatening.
Tom's injuries aren't life-threatening.
Tom's injuries aren't serious.
Tom's injuries aren't so serious.
Tom's injuries aren't very serious.
Tom's injuries were severe.
Tom's injuries were worse than we thought.
Tom's injuries weren't as severe as Mary's.
Tom's injury appears to have healed.
Tom's injury didn't appear serious.
Tom's injury doesn't prevent him from being kind to people, it is just his bad attitude.
Tom's injury isn't considered serious.
Tom's injury isn't serious.
Tom's injury left him paralyzed.
Tom's injury seems serious.
Tom's injury seems to have healed.
Tom's innocent.
Tom's innovative.
Tom's insane.
Tom's inside.
Tom's instructions were clear.
Tom's instructions were confusing.
Tom's instructions were very confusing.
Tom's insurance company refused to pay because they determined he was injured by the heat of the fire, but not by the fire.
Tom's integrity is beyond reproach.
Tom's intention was quite clear.
Tom's intentions are honorable.
Tom's intentions were good.
Tom's intentions were obvious.
Tom's intentions were pretty clear.
Tom's intentions were quite clear.
Tom's intentions were unclear.
Tom's interest faded.
Tom's interest in drawing began early.
Tom's interest in music began early.
Tom's interest in sports began early.
Tom's interest quickly waned.
Tom's interested in archaeology.
Tom's interested.
Tom's interesting.
Tom's interests are diverse.
Tom's intransigence is so frustrating.
Tom's invention made him filthy rich.
Tom's invention made him very rich.
Tom's involuntary celibacy came to an end when he let go of his sense of entitlement.
Tom's involuntary redundancy will force him to make some lifestyle changes.
Tom's involvement in the bank robbery is yet to be established.
Tom's irritation is starting to show.
Tom's is just as new as Mary's.
Tom's jaw dropped.
Tom's jealous.
Tom's job creates extreme stress.
Tom's job description has changed.
Tom's job forces him to interact with people.
Tom's job in Boston is finished.
Tom's job is delivering pizza.
Tom's job is to help people find a suitable pet.
Tom's job is to make sure that everything goes as planned.
Tom's job is very stressful.
Tom's job isn't as difficult as mine.
Tom's job keeps him busy.
Tom's job kept him busy.
Tom's job requires him to have high-level prioritising and multitasking skills.
Tom's job was outsourced to China.
Tom's joints are hurting.
Tom's joints are painful.
Tom's joints hurt.
Tom's joke was a big hit with the students.
Tom's joke was hilarious.
Tom's joke was met with stony silence.
Tom's joke was rather tasteless.
Tom's joke was really funny.
Tom's joke was well past its sell-by date.
Tom's joke went over Mary's head.
Tom's jokes are hilarious and get even better after he's had a few beers.
Tom's jokes are offensive.
Tom's jokes aren't always funny.
Tom's jokes aren't funny.
Tom's joking.
Tom's jumper and your jumper look the same.
Tom's jumper looks the same as your jumper.
Tom's just a fuckboy.
Tom's just a leech.
Tom's just a luvvy.
Tom's just a politician.
Tom's just a rich kid.
Tom's just a story parents tell their kids.
Tom's just an also-ran.
Tom's just an average man.
Tom's just being Tom.
Tom's just chasing clout.
Tom's just cottoned on to the fact he's single now.
Tom's just eating breakfast, that's all.
Tom's just going through the motions.
Tom's just larking about.
Tom's just like us.
Tom's just looking for attention.
Tom's just making it hard for us.
Tom's just nipped out to get some milk.
Tom's just popped out to get some milk.
Tom's just slumming it.
Tom's just started.
Tom's just trying to save face.
Tom's just your average Joe.
Tom's just your average Tom.
Tom's keys are missing.
Tom's keys are somewhere in this room, I think.
Tom's keys are still on the table.
Tom's keys jingled in his pocket as he walked down the stairs.
Tom's kid is a spoiled brat.
Tom's kidnappers have been arrested.
Tom's kidneys and liver are in bad shape.
Tom's kidneys are starting to fail.
Tom's kidneys shut down.
Tom's kids are at school.
Tom's kids graduated from public schools.
Tom's kids have a lot more toys than he had when he was young.
Tom's kids have got lots more toys than he had when he was young.
Tom's kids were at school when he shot his wife.
Tom's kids were here a while ago looking for him.
Tom's kids were in fits of laughter when he was telling them about some of the things he used to get up to as a kid.
Tom's kids were in the attic.
Tom's killer has never been found.
Tom's killer is still at large.
Tom's killer still hasn't been captured.
Tom's killer still hasn't been caught.
Tom's kind of hot.
Tom's kindness affected Mary.
Tom's kindness affected her.
Tom's kirigami stag beetle was of such fine workmanship that it looked like it would start moving at any moment.
Tom's kissing the badge now, but if United offered him more money, he'd be out of the door like a shot.
Tom's kitchen has underfloor heating.
Tom's kitchen is in a mess.
Tom's kitchen was a big mess.
Tom's kite got stuck in a tree.
Tom's knapsack is empty.
Tom's knapsack was lighter than Mary's.
Tom's knee hurts when he walks up or down stairs.
Tom's knee is fine.
Tom's knees buckled.
Tom's knees creaked.
Tom's knees were slightly sore from walking mile after mile.
Tom's knife is on the table.
Tom's knife is sharper than mine.
Tom's knife was covered with blood.
Tom's knowledge is amazing.
Tom's knowledge of computing paled in comparison to Mary's, so she got the programming job.
Tom's knowledge of decomposition ecology is peerless.
Tom's lack of compassion surprised Mary.
Tom's lack of interest in anything bothers me.
Tom's lack of knowledge was obvious.
Tom's landlord changed the locks.
Tom's landlord evicted him.
Tom's laptop has a touchpad.
Tom's laptop has been stolen.
Tom's laptop is on, the books and notebooks are laid out on the table, and the pens and markers are ready.
Tom's laptop was stolen.
Tom's large income makes it possible for him to travel overseas every year.
Tom's last day of work was Monday.
Tom's last day was Monday.
Tom's last fight was three months ago.
Tom's last girlfriend was German.
Tom's last girlfriend was Japanese.
Tom's last girlfriend was Mary.
Tom's last girlfriend was Russian.
Tom's last girlfriend was a Canadian.
Tom's last girlfriend was from Boston.
Tom's last name is Jackson.
Tom's last name is Mary.
Tom's last name is Tom.
Tom's last name is difficult to pronounce.
Tom's last name is easy to pronounce.
Tom's last name is hard to pronounce.
Tom's last name is long and hard to pronounce.
Tom's last name is possibly Jackson.
Tom's last name is unknown.
Tom's last name isn't easy to pronounce.
Tom's last name was Jackson.
Tom's last party was three months ago.
Tom's last report is about a cat show.
Tom's last report is from a cat show.
Tom's last texts made it clear he didn't know what was going on.
Tom's last year in Australia was 2013.
Tom's last year in Boston was 2013.
Tom's late.
Tom's late. I wonder where he is now?
Tom's late. I wonder where he is.
Tom's late. I wonder whereabouts he is now?
Tom's latest film has just come out.
Tom's latest movie just came out.
Tom's latest movie just came out. It's called "Tatoeba: Bad Gateway".
Tom's laugh sounds almost like he's like crying.
Tom's laughing could be heard three blocks away.
Tom's laughing.
Tom's laughter is annoying.
Tom's laughter is infectious.
Tom's laughter was infectious.
Tom's laundry day is Monday.
Tom's lawn needs mowing.
Tom's lawyer didn't think that the jury would think that Mary was a reliable witness.
Tom's lawyer filed the suit on Monday.
Tom's lawyer got him acquitted.
Tom's lawyer only cross-examined one witness.
Tom's lawyer said that he couldn't put Tom on the stand.
Tom's lawyer was not surprised when the jury found him not guilty.
Tom's lawyer wasn't surprised when the jury found him not guilty.
Tom's lawyers asked the judge for a recess.
Tom's lawyers say he was framed.
Tom's lead melted away like snow in spring sunshine.
Tom's leaning on his elbows.
Tom's least favorite color is blue-green.
Tom's leave was canceled.
Tom's leaving in a hurry.
Tom's leaving.
Tom's lecture was a snooze.
Tom's lecture was so boring that half the audience left before he had finished.
Tom's lecture was so boring that half the audience walked out.
Tom's left arm is broken.
Tom's left arm is in a sling.
Tom's left eye started twitching.
Tom's left eye was swollen.
Tom's left foot is swollen.
Tom's left hand is swollen.
Tom's left his umbrella on the bus.
Tom's left knee is a bit dodgy as a result of a football injury when he was young.
Tom's left leg has several scars from shrapnel.
Tom's left leg is in a cast.
Tom's left shoe is missing.
Tom's left sleeve is torn.
Tom's left sleeve was torn.
Tom's left-handed.
Tom's left.
Tom's leg had fallen asleep so he couldn't stand up.
Tom's leg had gone to sleep so he was unable to stand up.
Tom's leg is bleeding.
Tom's leg is fine.
Tom's leg is healing.
Tom's leg needed to be amputated.
Tom's leg needs to be amputated.
Tom's leg was badly burned.
Tom's leg was blown off after he stepped on a landmine.
Tom's leg was blown off by a landmine.
Tom's legal troubles aren't over yet.
Tom's legal troubles aren't over.
Tom's legal troubles aren't yet over.
Tom's legs and stride are stronger on the hiking trail than last year.
Tom's legs are swollen.
Tom's legs were crushed.
Tom's legs were seriously injured, but he managed to crawl to safety.
Tom's letter didn't say when he'd be arriving in Boston.
Tom's letter read as if he were sozzled when he wrote it.
Tom's letter really gave me a lift.
Tom's letter relieved me of a lot of worry.
Tom's letter was heartbreaking.
Tom's letters stopped coming.
Tom's library card is expired.
Tom's license has been revoked.
Tom's license has been suspended.
Tom's license is suspended.
Tom's life began falling apart.
Tom's life changed drastically.
Tom's life choices are regrettable.
Tom's life ended tragically.
Tom's life flashed before his eyes.
Tom's life has become a vanity fair ever since he got that promotion.
Tom's life has been a struggle.
Tom's life has changed.
Tom's life is a sitcom.
Tom's life is a story that needs to be told for generations.
Tom's life is at stake.
Tom's life is back to normal.
Tom's life is in Mary's hands.
Tom's life is in danger.
Tom's life is in your hands.
Tom's life is insured for three hundred thousand dollars.
Tom's life is like that of a robot.
Tom's life is not a bed of roses.
Tom's life is shrouded in scandal and mystery.
Tom's life isn't a bed of roses.
Tom's life of hardship was far from over.
Tom's life spiraled out of control after he started using drugs.
Tom's life spun out of control.
Tom's life sucks.
Tom's life took an unexpected turn.
Tom's life trembles in the balance.
Tom's life was about to change forever.
Tom's life was changed forever.
Tom's life was destroyed.
Tom's life was drastically changed after a near-fatal accident.
Tom's life was saved by penicillin.
Tom's life was short but prolific.
Tom's life was spared.
Tom's life was thrown into turmoil.
Tom's life was totally ruined by drugs.
Tom's life was very ordinary.
Tom's life will be short.
Tom's life will change.
Tom's life will never be the same.
Tom's life with Mary was no bed of roses.
Tom's life's in danger.
Tom's lifeless body floated on the water.
Tom's lifeless body was found in a wood.
Tom's light is on, so he's probably awake.
Tom's light is on.
Tom's light was off.
Tom's light was on all night.
Tom's lights are on.
Tom's lights are out, he's either not at home or he's asleep.
Tom's lights are still on.
Tom's lights were on.
Tom's lights were out, so I didn't knock on his door.
Tom's lights were out.
Tom's lights weren't on.
Tom's likely to lose his job.
Tom's limousine is parked in front.
Tom's limp is psychosomatic.
Tom's limping.
Tom's lips are blue.
Tom's lips met Mary's.
Tom's lips trembled.
Tom's lips were blue.
Tom's lips were turning blue.
Tom's listening to the Shipping Forecast.
Tom's listening.
Tom's little brother has always looked up to him.
Tom's liver quickly turned the sardines into retinoic acid.
Tom's living in his own little bubble.
Tom's living in the past.
Tom's living proof that you don't have to have brains to be successful.
Tom's living room was tastefully furnished.
Tom's loan request was turned down.
Tom's locker is a lot messier than mine.
Tom's locker is next to Mary's.
Tom's locker is three lockers away from Mary's.
Tom's locker isn't too far from Mary's.
Tom's log cabin is situated in a lonely bay far from civilisation.
Tom's lonely.
Tom's long message was truncated by the software.
Tom's looking for a business partner's business card, which is probably somewhere under some things on a shelf in the hallway.
Tom's looking for work.
Tom's losing his mind.
Tom's lost a lot of blood, but he hasn't lost consciousness.
Tom's lost the faith.
Tom's lost touch with reality.
Tom's loud and domineering.
Tom's loud snoring kept me awake all night.
Tom's love for Mary probably won't last.
Tom's love life is a mess.
Tom's love of classical music isn't shared by Mary.
Tom's love of the outdoors isn't shared by Mary.
Tom's love of the outdoors wasn't shared by Mary.
Tom's lover's husband is in the army.
Tom's loyalty is admirable.
Tom's loyalty was never in doubt.
Tom's luck eventually changed.
Tom's luck has run out.
Tom's luck ran out.
Tom's luck seems to be running out.
Tom's lucky.
Tom's luggage was waiting for him at the hotel.
Tom's lunch includes a sandwich and an apple.
Tom's lunchbox is in the car.
Tom's lung collapsed.
Tom's lungs were filled with water.
Tom's luxurious style of living has made him the target of reproach.
Tom's lying and cheating finally did him in.
Tom's lying.
Tom's lying. I can tell.
Tom's mad.
Tom's magic dragon's name is Cookie.
Tom's mailbox is full of postcards.
Tom's main concern is to dispel clichés.
Tom's main job was to cook for the other prisoners.
Tom's main problem is he has no sense of humor.
Tom's main problem is he has no sense of humour.
Tom's main problem is that he has no sense of humor.
Tom's major is philosophy.
Tom's making a big effort, but he's getting nowhere.
Tom's making a goofy face.
Tom's making breakfast.
Tom's making his bed.
Tom's making his way across the bay in a boat.
Tom's making things up again.
Tom's manager ensured him that his duty to his country was to be kept secret, but that it had no impact upon the security of the nation.
Tom's manager reprimanded him for not treating his customers with respect.
Tom's manager was Mary Jackson.
Tom's manifesto is 3,000 pages long.
Tom's manners are disgusting.
Tom's manners are impeccable.
Tom's many years of hard work paid off, and he was able to pass the bar exam.
Tom's marks didn't improve.
Tom's marks haven't improved.
Tom's marriage is on the rocks.
Tom's marriage is rocky.
Tom's married and has three kids? I need some time to get my head round that.
Tom's married.
Tom's mask is out of fashion.
Tom's master didn't let him eat without his permission.
Tom's maternal grandfather was Russian.
Tom's maternal grandparents both live in Boston, as does his paternal grandmother Anna, who is a widow residing in an assisted-living facility. Although she is confined to a wheelchair, she is quite lucid and has a good memory for details of events of long ago.
Tom's matured a fair bit in the last few years.
Tom's mean, isn't he?
Tom's mean.
Tom's medical expenses are being paid for by Mary.
Tom's medication's not in the bathroom.
Tom's meeting his friends at a beer garden.
Tom's meeting with his boss was very tense.
Tom's memories came flooding back.
Tom's memory seems to be getting worse.
Tom's memory's getting worse as he gets older.
Tom's mental health deteriorated.
Tom's message is simple.
Tom's message was incoherent.
Tom's method is very effective.
Tom's methods were unorthodox.
Tom's mid-life crisis isn't going well.
Tom's middle name is John.
Tom's million-dollar smile has won him a lot of friends.
Tom's mind broke.
Tom's mind couldn't be changed.
Tom's mind excels at abstracting and generalizing.
Tom's mind is clearly elsewhere.
Tom's mind is elsewhere.
Tom's mind is in the gutter.
Tom's mind is made up.
Tom's mind is obviously elsewhere.
Tom's mind is shot to pieces as a result of heavy drug use.
Tom's mind seems to be elsewhere.
Tom's mind seems to be on other things.
Tom's mind seems to be somewhere else.
Tom's mind was divided into ten different personalities, who alternately took control. They all knew each other and considered themselves different individuals.
Tom's mind was elsewhere.
Tom's mind was made up.
Tom's mind went blank when he got up to give the eulogy at Mary's funeral.
Tom's mind, once a dungeon, became a paradise.
Tom's miserable.
Tom's misgiving has come true.
Tom's missed at work. Without him it just isn't any fun.
Tom's missing assignments are piling up.
Tom's missing.
Tom's mistaken.
Tom's mistakes on social media soon ended his marriage to Mary.
Tom's mistakes will lead your business to bankruptcy.
Tom's mobile butt-dialled Mary.
Tom's mobile phone fell out of his pocket and into the pool when he leaned over to check the water level.
Tom's mobile phone fell out of his pocket into the pool when he leaned over to check the water level.
Tom's mobile phone fell out of his pocket into the pool when he leant over to check the water level.
Tom's mobile rang and he answered it.
Tom's mobile rang.
Tom's mobile slaughterhouse was quickly shut down by the local authorities.
Tom's mom brought him a plate of chicken tenders.
Tom's mom caught the flu.
Tom's mom didn't want him reading the book that his teacher assigned him because she thought it would corrupt his mind.
Tom's mom is cool.
Tom's mom is from Canada.
Tom's mom is the fattest bitch in the whole wide world.
Tom's mom is very strict.
Tom's mom raised him by herself.
Tom's mom unplugged the TV just as he was about to beat the final boss.
Tom's money didn't last long.
Tom's money won't last long.
Tom's mood changes markedly from day to day.
Tom's mood has changed.
Tom's mood seems to have improved.
Tom's moody temperament sometimes leads him to make blunt remarks.
Tom's more of a cat person.
Tom's mother added him as a friend on Facebook.
Tom's mother always told him he should eat more vegetables.
Tom's mother and Mary's mother were born on the same day.
Tom's mother and father are both teachers.
Tom's mother and sister had breast cancer.
Tom's mother asked him politely to brush his teeth.
Tom's mother asked him to brush his teeth.
Tom's mother asked him to shuck the corn.
Tom's mother asked him to wash his hands before eating.
Tom's mother baked him some cookies.
Tom's mother baked some cookies for him.
Tom's mother bent down and kissed Tom's knee.
Tom's mother chased Tom as he ran naked around the lobby.
Tom's mother collects the newspaper articles about Tom and Mary.
Tom's mother comforted him.
Tom's mother confiscated his felt-tip pens after he had started drawing on the walls around the house.
Tom's mother constantly encouraged him to study.
Tom's mother cried a little.
Tom's mother didn't believe him.
Tom's mother didn't like dogs.
Tom's mother didn't wash his T-shirts.
Tom's mother died in 2013.
Tom's mother died in childbirth.
Tom's mother died just a week before Tom graduated from college.
Tom's mother died just one week before Tom graduated from college.
Tom's mother died on Mother's Day.
Tom's mother died one week before he graduated from university.
Tom's mother died when he was born.
Tom's mother died when he was three.
Tom's mother died when he was young.
Tom's mother died young because she drank and smoked too much.
Tom's mother died.
Tom's mother doesn't think anyone is good enough for Tom.
Tom's mother doesn't think that anyone is good enough for Tom.
Tom's mother doesn't want him to marry a woman who can't speak French.
Tom's mother forced him to eat his vegetables.
Tom's mother forced him to go outside even though he didn't want to.
Tom's mother forgot to pack his lunch.
Tom's mother gave Tom a bath.
Tom's mother gave Tom some apples to take to school.
Tom's mother gave him a bath.
Tom's mother gave him some apples to take to school.
Tom's mother gave him some apples to take with him to school.
Tom's mother gave him some last minute instructions.
Tom's mother got angry at Tom for jumping on his bed.
Tom's mother got angry at him for jumping on his bed.
Tom's mother got angry when she saw Tom jumping on his bed.
Tom's mother got remarried soon after his father's death.
Tom's mother had trouble getting him to take the medicine that the doctor had prescribed.
Tom's mother had walked in on them kissing.
Tom's mother has died.
Tom's mother has gotten remarried.
Tom's mother has remarried.
Tom's mother helped him get ready for school.
Tom's mother helps him with his homework.
Tom's mother hugged him and she told him she loved him.
Tom's mother hugged him and she told him that she loved him.
Tom's mother hugged him when he got home.
Tom's mother hugged him.
Tom's mother is Canadian.
Tom's mother is a better cook than mine.
Tom's mother is a devout Catholic.
Tom's mother is a housewife.
Tom's mother is a nurse at the hospital that's across the street from where Mary lives.
Tom's mother is a very good cook.
Tom's mother is a woman.
Tom's mother is a wonderful pianist.
Tom's mother is calling him.
Tom's mother is dying.
Tom's mother is from Hamburg and his father is from Munich.
Tom's mother is now dead.
Tom's mother is older than mine.
Tom's mother is single.
Tom's mother is still alive.
Tom's mother is such a gossip.
Tom's mother is taller than mine.
Tom's mother is twice as old as him. When his age is added to hers, the total is fifty-one. How old are Tom and his mother?
Tom's mother is very strict.
Tom's mother is worried about him.
Tom's mother is worried about his cough.
Tom's mother kept his graduation picture on the mantel.
Tom's mother kissed away his tears.
Tom's mother lies awake at night worrying about him.
Tom's mother lived to be 103.
Tom's mother lives in Boston and his father lives in Chicago.
Tom's mother lives in Boston. His father lives in Chicago.
Tom's mother lives in this village.
Tom's mother made cookies this morning.
Tom's mother made the shirt Tom was wearing today.
Tom's mother made the shirt he was wearing today.
Tom's mother made the shirt that Tom was wearing today.
Tom's mother made the shirt that he was wearing today.
Tom's mother makes all his clothes.
Tom's mother makes him a sandwich every morning to take to school for lunch.
Tom's mother makes him a sandwich every morning.
Tom's mother makes his bed for him.
Tom's mother makes the clothes he wears.
Tom's mother makes the clothes that he wears.
Tom's mother must be proud.
Tom's mother must've been very disappointed.
Tom's mother often left him alone when he was a baby.
Tom's mother packed his lunch in a paper bag.
Tom's mother packed his suitcase for him.
Tom's mother packed the picnic basket with sandwiches.
Tom's mother packs him a lunch every day.
Tom's mother passed away last week.
Tom's mother played the piano.
Tom's mother put a note in his lunchbox to tell him how much she loved him.
Tom's mother raised him by herself.
Tom's mother read him a bedtime story.
Tom's mother relies heavily on him to do her shopping and household chores.
Tom's mother remarried very soon after his father's death.
Tom's mother said he was dyslexic.
Tom's mother said he'd ruin his eyes if he sat too close to the TV.
Tom's mother sat down on the bed next to him and read him a story.
Tom's mother says he can't go to school today.
Tom's mother says that he can't go to school today.
Tom's mother scolded him.
Tom's mother spanked him.
Tom's mother still buys his clothes for him.
Tom's mother suddenly fell sick.
Tom's mother thought he needed to make some new friends.
Tom's mother thought that he needed to make some new friends.
Tom's mother told Tom he could do anything he wanted to do.
Tom's mother told Tom to eat his vegetables.
Tom's mother told an extraordinary story of an out-of-body experience she had during her recent brush with death.
Tom's mother told him a story.
Tom's mother told him he could do anything he wanted to do.
Tom's mother told him he should ask Mary over for dinner.
Tom's mother told him he'd get a good hiding when his father got home.
Tom's mother told him it was bad manners to chew with his mouth open.
Tom's mother told him not to jump on his bed.
Tom's mother told him not to play with matches.
Tom's mother told him not to talk with his mouth full.
Tom's mother told him that he should ask Mary over for dinner.
Tom's mother told him that he should eat more vegetables.
Tom's mother told him that he shouldn't eat so much chocolate.
Tom's mother told him that it was bad manners to chew with his mouth open.
Tom's mother told him to brush his teeth and go to bed.
Tom's mother told him to clean his room.
Tom's mother told him to come home.
Tom's mother told him to do his homework.
Tom's mother told him to eat his vegetables.
Tom's mother told him to feed the dog.
Tom's mother told him to go get his hair cut.
Tom's mother told him to look after his younger sister.
Tom's mother told him to quit jumping on his bed.
Tom's mother told him to take a shower.
Tom's mother told him to take care of his younger sister.
Tom's mother told him to turn the TV off and get on with his homework.
Tom's mother told him to wash the dishes.
Tom's mother tongue is French.
Tom's mother used to be a singer.
Tom's mother used to wash Tom's clothes for him, but she doesn't anymore.
Tom's mother used to wash his clothes for him, but now he washes them himself.
Tom's mother used to wash his clothes for him, but she doesn't anymore.
Tom's mother walked in on them kissing.
Tom's mother was a devout Catholic.
Tom's mother was a nurse.
Tom's mother was a strict disciplinarian.
Tom's mother was a wise woman.
Tom's mother was aghast.
Tom's mother was an English teacher in a Kabyle village in the seventies.
Tom's mother was an activist.
Tom's mother was crying.
Tom's mother was exasperated.
Tom's mother was from Hamburg, and his father was from Munich.
Tom's mother was heartbroken.
Tom's mother was so lost in thought that she didn't notice the huge teddy bear Tom had put in the shopping trolley – or at least, she saw nothing odd about it being there.
Tom's mother won't let him come out to play with us today.
Tom's mother worries about him.
Tom's mother worries about his cough.
Tom's mother would've been very proud of him.
Tom's mother yelled at him.
Tom's mother's dead.
Tom's mother's name is Mary.
Tom's mother's name isn't Mary.
Tom's mother's parents live in Australia.
Tom's motives were never determined.
Tom's motorcycle cost more than mine did.
Tom's motorcycle is brand new.
Tom's motorcycle is more expensive than mine.
Tom's motorcycle is noisy.
Tom's motorcycle was more expensive than mine.
Tom's motorcycle was stolen.
Tom's mouth dropped open.
Tom's mouth is closed.
Tom's mouth is full of teeth.
Tom's mouth is open.
Tom's mouth was full.
Tom's mouth was open.
Tom's mouth was taped shut with duct tape.
Tom's mouth went dry.
Tom's movements were stiff and awkward.
Tom's mower broke down when he was half way through mowing his lawn.
Tom's mowing the lawn in the front garden.
Tom's mum brought him a plateful of chicken strips.
Tom's mum is the fattest bitch in the whole wide world.
Tom's mum is very strict.
Tom's mum makes him a sandwich every morning.
Tom's mum makes him a sarnie every morning.
Tom's mum was pleased.
Tom's murder has remained unsolved.
Tom's murder remains unsolved.
Tom's muscles are like pudding.
Tom's muscles are well-defined.
Tom's muscles tightened when Mary touched his shoulder.
Tom's muscles were tired and he wanted to get home and soak in a hot bath for a while.
Tom's music is amazing.
Tom's music is beautiful.
Tom's mustache looks pretty good, don't you think?
Tom's my cousin.
Tom's my favorite bartender.
Tom's my friend, too.
Tom's my friend.
Tom's my nephew.
Tom's naivety seems to be limitless.
Tom's name has been added to the list.
Tom's name is also on the list.
Tom's name is easy to pronounce.
Tom's name is first on the list.
Tom's name is on the ballot.
Tom's name is on the envelope.
Tom's name is on the list.
Tom's name is still on the list.
Tom's name isn't on the list.
Tom's name should be added to the list.
Tom's name was at the bottom of the list.
Tom's name was at the top of the list.
Tom's name was called over the PA system.
Tom's name was called over the loudspeakers.
Tom's name was easy to convert to katakana.
Tom's name was never mentioned.
Tom's name was on the box.
Tom's name was on the list with a question mark beside it.
Tom's name was on the list.
Tom's name was third on the list.
Tom's name wasn't on the list.
Tom's name will be added to the list.
Tom's name will stay on the ballot.
Tom's napping under the kotatsu again.
Tom's native language is English.
Tom's native language is French.
Tom's native language isn't French, but English.
Tom's native language isn't French.
Tom's near-death experience changed him.
Tom's near-death experience has changed him.
Tom's neck is sore.
Tom's neck looks like a giraffe’s.
Tom's neck was broken.
Tom's neck's broken.
Tom's needs must be respected.
Tom's needs will be taken care of.
Tom's negative attitude is beginning to irritate me.
Tom's negligence passed without reprimand.
Tom's neighbor Mary has PTSD and doesn't like loud noises.
Tom's neighbor has a good heart.
Tom's neighbor makes TikTok videos.
Tom's neighbor will take care of his children while he's away.
Tom's neighborhood was flooded after the storm.
Tom's neighbors always complain about the noise whenever he has a party.
Tom's neighbors called 911.
Tom's neighbors called the police.
Tom's neighbors have a dog that barks all night.
Tom's neighbors have a dog.
Tom's neighbors were having a party.
Tom's neighbors weren't questioned.
Tom's neighbour is a bit of a curtain twitcher.
Tom's neighbour said he would keep an eye on Tom's place for him while he was away.
Tom's nephew is famous.
Tom's nerdy.
Tom's nerves were getting the best of him before his French test, so he decided to have a small glass of brandy to gather some Dutch courage.
Tom's nervousness was noticeable.
Tom's network connection was so weak, his voice came through choppy.
Tom's never done that.
Tom's never had his own bicycle.
Tom's never met his biological parents.
Tom's never won anything in his life.
Tom's new TV worked right out of the box.
Tom's new album is set to be released in October.
Tom's new assistant can type very fast.
Tom's new bicycle is metallic red.
Tom's new book is about Mary.
Tom's new business is finally making money.
Tom's new business is finally profitable.
Tom's new camera can take images with much higher pixel counts than his old one could.
Tom's new car can do 140 kilometers an hour.
Tom's new car can do 140 kilometers per hour.
Tom's new car can do 140 kilometres an hour.
Tom's new car can do 140 kilometres per hour.
Tom's new car can do 90 miles an hour.
Tom's new car is a convertible.
Tom's new car is a pussy magnet.
Tom's new car was really expensive.
Tom's new cat doesn't like me.
Tom's new cat loves me.
Tom's new coffee shop is called "Les Abus". He writes the customer's orders on their forehead with a permanent maker and he makes fun of their bodies, but not their face.
Tom's new design is certainly worth considering.
Tom's new gadget is cool, but useless.
Tom's new girlfriend is a vegetarian.
Tom's new girlfriend is much younger than he is.
Tom's new girlfriend is quite attractive.
Tom's new girlfriend is really into numerology.
Tom's new girlfriend is very young.
Tom's new hobby is catching and moving live moles.
Tom's new house is really nice.
Tom's new house is still under construction.
Tom's new husband is young enough to be his son.
Tom's new in town and needs a job.
Tom's new music is pretty good.
Tom's new novel "Ghoti Fischer" quickly became a bestseller.
Tom's new piercing became infected.
Tom's new play got a warm reception.
Tom's new puppy is so small he can fit into the palm of your hand.
Tom's new secretary can type very fast.
Tom's new self-help book hit it out of the ball park.
Tom's new shirt shrunk when he washed it and now it doesn't fit.
Tom's new single topped the charts last month.
Tom's new smartphone is really big. It doesn't even look like a phone anymore.
Tom's new song is amazing.
Tom's new song was a real crowd pleaser.
Tom's new song was roundly mocked by the Twitterati.
Tom's new tattoo was designed by Mary.
Tom's new teacher is Mr. Jackson.
Tom's new wife is young enough to be his daughter.
Tom's new wife is younger than his daughter from his first marriage.
Tom's new wife is younger than his oldest daughter.
Tom's new wife's name is Mary.
Tom's newest story is about an immortal flea equipped with human intelligence.
Tom's next court date is October 20th.
Tom's next crime will be his last.
Tom's nice as pie.
Tom's niece is a beautiful teenage girl.
Tom's nightmare didn't end there.
Tom's nightmare was only just beginning.
Tom's no Rembrandt.
Tom's no anarchist.
Tom's no good at small talk, and finds it hard meeting new people.
Tom's no saint.
Tom's no socialist.
Tom's nomination had been expected.
Tom's nonconformist tendencies grated on some people.
Tom's normally even-tempered, but he gets very agitated when he can't find a parking spot.
Tom's nose began to itch.
Tom's nose gets red in the cold.
Tom's nose is big.
Tom's nose was bleeding.
Tom's nose was broken in the fight.
Tom's nose was pressed up against the window.
Tom's nose was red.
Tom's not Australian.
Tom's not Finnish.
Tom's not French.
Tom's not Jewish.
Tom's not a baby anymore.
Tom's not a bad guy.
Tom's not a bad guy. He's just a little misguided.
Tom's not a bad kid.
Tom's not a capitalist.
Tom's not a caretaker.
Tom's not a footballer.
Tom's not a furry.
Tom's not a good liar.
Tom's not a nice guy.
Tom's not a racist.
Tom's not a real person.
Tom's not a saint.
Tom's not a thief.
Tom's not a vegan.
Tom's not a very nice bloke.
Tom's not addicted to heroin.
Tom's not an autist, he's an idiot.
Tom's not angry any more.
Tom's not answering his cell.
Tom's not answering his phone.
Tom's not antisocial.
Tom's not as abrupt as he once was. He's really nice now.
Tom's not as bad as you say he is.
Tom's not as bad as you think.
Tom's not as gruff as he used to be; he's really nice now.
Tom's not asleep.
Tom's not at all happy with the situation, but is prepared to accept it.
Tom's not at all sure what he should do.
Tom's not at all sure where he should go.
Tom's not at all sure who he should talk to.
Tom's not at all sure.
Tom's not at home at the minute.
Tom's not at home at the moment.
Tom's not at home.
Tom's not bad-looking, and he does have charm, but he hasn't got a shred of ambition.
Tom's not breathing.
Tom's not busy.
Tom's not coming any more.
Tom's not coming, because I don't want him to.
Tom's not cut out for this kind of work.
Tom's not daft, you know.
Tom's not doing that many drugs.
Tom's not exactly my favorite person.
Tom's not fat.
Tom's not feeling very well.
Tom's not feeling well.
Tom's not finished.
Tom's not from around here.
Tom's not going away.
Tom's not going there until next month.
Tom's not going to be happy about this.
Tom's not going to be happy when he finds out what happened.
Tom's not going to be happy.
Tom's not good at maths.
Tom's not happy with that.
Tom's not having much luck.
Tom's not here, man.
Tom's not here.
Tom's not home right now.
Tom's not home yet.
Tom's not home.
Tom's not hungry.
Tom's not ill any more.
Tom's not in a good headspace at the moment.
Tom's not in a good mood.
Tom's not in any danger.
Tom's not in at the minute.
Tom's not in his bed.
Tom's not in his car.
Tom's not in his room.
Tom's not in hospital.
Tom's not in the best of health.
Tom's not in the hospital.
Tom's not in the library.
Tom's not in the office.
Tom's not in.
Tom's not interested in anything else.
Tom's not into mathematics.
Tom's not involved.
Tom's not likely to do that with Mary.
Tom's not making any guarantees.
Tom's not married.
Tom's not missing, is he?
Tom's not much of a cook, but at least he gives it a go.
Tom's not my boyfriend, or anything.
Tom's not my coworker. He's my supervisor.
Tom's not my name.
Tom's not old enough to live alone.
Tom's not one for languages. When he and his wife go abroad on holiday, she always has to translate for him.
Tom's not paying attention to the TV.
Tom's not punctual.
Tom's not quite sure of that one.
Tom's not ready for that.
Tom's not ready to go.
Tom's not ready to quit.
Tom's not ready yet.
Tom's not really that into sports.
Tom's not sick.
Tom's not singing any more.
Tom's not so good at math.
Tom's not speaking to me any more.
Tom's not staying with you, is he?
Tom's not stingy, he's just very thrifty.
Tom's not telling me something.
Tom's not the easiest person to live with.
Tom's not the one giving orders.
Tom's not the only boy in the world.
Tom's not the only guy in the world.
Tom's not the slightest bit interested in my suggestion.
Tom's not ticklish.
Tom's not trying to walk, just to stand up.
Tom's not very fat.
Tom's not very frugal.
Tom's not very good at it.
Tom's not very good with his hands.
Tom's not very handsome.
Tom's not weak.
Tom's not well enough to go to work today.
Tom's not with us anymore.
Tom's not working as a waiter any more.
Tom's noticed something was out of place.
Tom's novel has been translated into French.
Tom's now in a coma.
Tom's nowhere to be found.
Tom's number plates were stolen and used in a ram raid.
Tom's numbers are incorrect.
Tom's oar broke.
Tom's obsequiousness towards John was nauseating.
Tom's obviously drunk.
Tom's obviously under a lot of stress.
Tom's off his meds again.
Tom's off on an exotic island somewhere, living the life of Riley.
Tom's off the booze.
Tom's off the wagon again.
Tom's offer was declined.
Tom's offer was refused.
Tom's offer was the most favorable for me.
Tom's office called.
Tom's office doesn't look like mine at all.
Tom's office door is closed.
Tom's office door is open.
Tom's office door was unlocked, but nothing was found missing.
Tom's office has been ransacked.
Tom's office is a three storey building.
Tom's office is dark.
Tom's office is larger than Mary's office.
Tom's office is larger than Mary's.
Tom's office is next to Mary's.
Tom's office is on Park Street.
Tom's office is on the third floor.
Tom's office is opposite mine.
Tom's office is the third door on the left.
Tom's office is three miles from his house.
Tom's office is three miles from where he lives.
Tom's office is very different from mine.
Tom's office isn't like mine.
Tom's office isn't where I thought it was.
Tom's office looks a lot like mine.
Tom's office said he was indisposed.
Tom's office was broken into last night.
Tom's often been on the receiving end of his mother-in-law's sharp tongue.
Tom's old and sick.
Tom's old business partner screwed him out of a couple thousand dollars.
Tom's old car has finally given up the ghost.
Tom's old car has seen better days.
Tom's old enough to know better.
Tom's old house was close to the river.
Tom's older brother looks a lot like Tom, but his younger brother doesn't.
Tom's older brother's name is John.
Tom's older daughter is still unmarried.
Tom's older sister is married to Mary's younger brother.
Tom's older son is a policeman.
Tom's older than me.
Tom's older.
Tom's oldest daughter isn't married yet.
Tom's oldest daughter isn't married.
Tom's oldest daughter looks a lot like Mary.
Tom's oldest daughter looks a lot like his wife.
Tom's oldest daughter looks just like Mary.
Tom's oldest daughter looks just like his wife.
Tom's oldest son is named John.
Tom's oldest son looks a lot like him.
Tom's oldest son looks just like him.
Tom's oldest son wants to be a carpenter.
Tom's on Facebook and Twitter.
Tom's on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Tom's on Facebook.
Tom's on TV!
Tom's on a bender again.
Tom's on a strict keto diet and measures his ketones multiple times a day.
Tom's on his way home after years of being unjustly detained in prison.
Tom's on the spectrum.
Tom's on the way.
Tom's one big ambition in life was to become a race car driver.
Tom's one of the nicest guys I've ever met.
Tom's only backup plan in case things went wrong was to fake a heart attack.
Tom's only been a widower for six months.
Tom's only companion is his dog.
Tom's only companion was his dog.
Tom's only got eyes for Mary.
Tom's only living relative is an uncle living in Australia.
Tom's only living relative is an uncle living in Boston.
Tom's only pretending to be drunk.
Tom's only problem is that he doesn't have enough time.
Tom's only religious when it suits him.
Tom's only son works as a doctor in Boston.
Tom's only too happy to lend a hand where necessary.
Tom's operation lasted three hours.
Tom's operation was going to cost a small fortune.
Tom's opinion counts.
Tom's opinion is authoritative.
Tom's opinion is that both Britain and the European Union would be happier if they got divorced.
Tom's opinion isn't needed here.
Tom's opinion matters to me.
Tom's opinion of Mary is the same as mine.
Tom's opinion on little cute squirrels changed after they had captured, tortured and held him captive for three weeks in a dark narrow hollow.
Tom's opinion on that is the same as mine.
Tom's opinions are generally conservative.
Tom's opinions don't carry much weight around here.
Tom's opponent was Mary.
Tom's opponent was stronger than he was.
Tom's options are limited.
Tom's oratory skills were second to none.
Tom's ordeal isn't over.
Tom's ordeal was far from over.
Tom's ordering a beer.
Tom's organizing a rent strike.
Tom's our new boss as of tomorrow.
Tom's out cold.
Tom's out of a job.
Tom's out of control.
Tom's out of surgery and seems to be doing OK.
Tom's out of the country.
Tom's out of the picture.
Tom's out there, somewhere, in the endless expanses of nature. He wanders by day and, as evening approaches, looks for a place where he can set up camp for the night. And so it goes on the next morning. Heaven only knows where he is right at this moment.
Tom's outside.
Tom's outsides no longer match his insides.
Tom's outward appearance belies the inner turmoil he's going through.
Tom's over the moon.
Tom's over the worst of it.
Tom's overall message was good, but the delivery was way off.
Tom's overwhelmed.
Tom's own father killed him.
Tom's own gang members killed him.
Tom's pace on the trail was remarkable.
Tom's pace slackened.
Tom's packing.
Tom's paddle broke.
Tom's painting an Easter egg in his favourite colours today.
Tom's painting was burned.
Tom's painting.
Tom's paintings didn't impress me at all.
Tom's paintings were burned.
Tom's paintings were so chaotic and abstract that they tended to bewilder viewers.
Tom's pajamas have a picture of a cute little red squirrel printed on them.
Tom's palms became sweaty.
Tom's palms were sweaty and his mouth was dry.
Tom's palms were sweaty.
Tom's panicked.
Tom's panicking.
Tom's pants fell down.
Tom's pants sag.
Tom's paper is better than mine.
Tom's paper lacks any citations.
Tom's paper was published in a peer-reviewed journal.
Tom's papers were confiscated.
Tom's parachute didn't open.
Tom's parachute failed to open.
Tom's paralyzed.
Tom's paramour Mary studies the history of claims of telepathy.
Tom's pardon was granted by the governor.
Tom's parents abandoned him.
Tom's parents accompanied him.
Tom's parents adopted John a few months before they died.
Tom's parents allow Tom to do what he wants.
Tom's parents allow him to do a lot of things that my parents don't allow me to do.
Tom's parents allow him to do anything he wants to do.
Tom's parents allow him to do anything he wants.
Tom's parents allow him to do what he wants to do.
Tom's parents allow him to do what he wants.
Tom's parents allow him to do whatever he wants to do.
Tom's parents allow him to do whatever he wants.
Tom's parents and Mary's parents are friends.
Tom's parents and his wife don't get along.
Tom's parents are Christians.
Tom's parents are John and Mary Jackson.
Tom's parents are John and Mary.
Tom's parents are Mary and John.
Tom's parents are back together.
Tom's parents are both Canadians.
Tom's parents are both dead.
Tom's parents are both dentists.
Tom's parents are both from Australia.
Tom's parents are both from Boston.
Tom's parents are both killers.
Tom's parents are both murderers.
Tom's parents are both still living.
Tom's parents are both teachers.
Tom's parents are control freaks.
Tom's parents are dead.
Tom's parents are divorced, right?
Tom's parents are divorced.
Tom's parents are from Australia.
Tom's parents are getting divorced.
Tom's parents are going to Australia.
Tom's parents are going to France.
Tom's parents are happy he's back from Australia.
Tom's parents are happy that he's back from Australia.
Tom's parents are immigrants.
Tom's parents are in Australia.
Tom's parents are missing.
Tom's parents are much stricter than Mary's parents.
Tom's parents are nice people.
Tom's parents are older than Mary's parents.
Tom's parents are older than mine.
Tom's parents are out of town.
Tom's parents are probably worried about him.
Tom's parents are rich.
Tom's parents are shunning him.
Tom's parents are still alive.
Tom's parents are still living.
Tom's parents are still supporting him.
Tom's parents are strict.
Tom's parents are teachers.
Tom's parents are thinking of upping sticks and going to France once they retire.
Tom's parents are too strict to allow him to do that.
Tom's parents are too strict to let him do that.
Tom's parents are very conservative.
Tom's parents are very old.
Tom's parents are very permissive.
Tom's parents are very proud of him and all he has achieved.
Tom's parents are very strict.
Tom's parents are waiting for him at the finish line.
Tom's parents are wealthy.
Tom's parents are worried about him.
Tom's parents are worried sick about him and just want to know that he's alright.
Tom's parents aren't going to let him go to Australia with you.
Tom's parents aren't going to let him go to Boston with you.
Tom's parents aren't living anymore.
Tom's parents aren't living.
Tom's parents aren't very educated.
Tom's parents arranged a big party for his birthday.
Tom's parents believed him.
Tom's parents both died while he was still a small child.
Tom's parents both work in the same factory.
Tom's parents came from Australia.
Tom's parents came home early.
Tom's parents can't help worrying about his injuries.
Tom's parents caught him drinking in his bedroom.
Tom's parents caught him drinking.
Tom's parents caught him smoking behind the garage.
Tom's parents caught him smoking marijuana.
Tom's parents caught him smoking weed.
Tom's parents caught him trying to sneak out.
Tom's parents cheer him on at his soccer game.
Tom's parents congratulated him on his engagement.
Tom's parents did not approve of Mary.
Tom's parents did not approve of his plan.
Tom's parents did not approve of me.
Tom's parents did not approve of this plan.
Tom's parents did their best to raise him.
Tom's parents didn't allow him to watch Harry Potter.
Tom's parents didn't approve of Mary.
Tom's parents didn't approve of his lifestyle.
Tom's parents didn't approve of his plan.
Tom's parents didn't attend his wedding.
Tom's parents didn't come to the school play.
Tom's parents didn't go to college.
Tom's parents didn't like Mary.
Tom's parents didn't understand what he meant.
Tom's parents didn't understand what he was trying to say.
Tom's parents didn't want him dating Mary.
Tom's parents didn't want him to become a used car salesman.
Tom's parents didn't want him to date Mary.
Tom's parents died in 2013.
Tom's parents died in a traffic accident.
Tom's parents died in an accident.
Tom's parents died in an automobile accident when he was three years old.
Tom's parents died in an automobile accident when he was three.
Tom's parents died in car accident on his wedding night.
Tom's parents died when Tom was thirteen.
Tom's parents died when Tom was three.
Tom's parents died when he was thirteen years old.
Tom's parents died when he was thirteen.
Tom's parents died when he was three years old.
Tom's parents died when he was three.
Tom's parents disinherited him.
Tom's parents disowned him for marrying John.
Tom's parents disowned him.
Tom's parents don't allow Tom to go out at night.
Tom's parents don't go to church, but he does.
Tom's parents don't have a lot of money.
Tom's parents don't know where he is.
Tom's parents don't let Tom go out at night.
Tom's parents don't like Mary.
Tom's parents don't like his new girlfriend.
Tom's parents don't like me.
Tom's parents don't trust him to do that right thing.
Tom's parents don't trust him.
Tom's parents don't want Tom and Mary to live together until after they are married.
Tom's parents don't want him to see Mary again.
Tom's parents drove a station wagon when he was growing up.
Tom's parents embarrassed him.
Tom's parents emigrated to Australia in the sixties.
Tom's parents encouraged him to become a teacher.
Tom's parents fight all the time.
Tom's parents forced him to call off the wedding.
Tom's parents forced him to take a class he didn't want to take.
Tom's parents found Tom unconscious in his room.
Tom's parents found him unconscious in his room.
Tom's parents freaked out.
Tom's parents got divorced three years ago.
Tom's parents got divorced when Tom was thirteen.
Tom's parents got divorced when Tom was very young.
Tom's parents got divorced when he was thirteen years old.
Tom's parents got divorced when he was thirteen.
Tom's parents got divorced when he was very young.
Tom's parents got divorced.
Tom's parents got him a therapy dog.
Tom's parents got married in Australia.
Tom's parents got married in Boston.
Tom's parents grounded him.
Tom's parents have a bar in their basement.
Tom's parents have a lot of money.
Tom's parents have apparently decided to get divorced.
Tom's parents have decided to get divorced.
Tom's parents have decided to punish Tom for doing that.
Tom's parents have decided to punish Tom for staying out all night.
Tom's parents have filed a missing persons report.
Tom's parents have five children: three sons and two daughters.
Tom's parents have grounded him for three days.
Tom's parents have grounded him.
Tom's parents have high expectations for him.
Tom's parents have high expectations.
Tom's parents have separated.
Tom's parents have split up.
Tom's parents have to know the truth.
Tom's parents hope that he'll become a doctor someday.
Tom's parents hugged him.
Tom's parents immigrated from Australia.
Tom's parents instilled in him a glass-half-full mentality.
Tom's parents keep asking him to get a job.
Tom's parents kept him locked in the basement for three months.
Tom's parents kicked him out of the house.
Tom's parents left him home alone.
Tom's parents left him very little money.
Tom's parents left him.
Tom's parents left very little money.
Tom's parents let Tom do whatever he wants.
Tom's parents let Tom stay out late at night.
Tom's parents let him do anything he wants to do.
Tom's parents let him do anything he wants.
Tom's parents let him do what he wants to do.
Tom's parents let him do what he wants.
Tom's parents let him do whatever he wants to do.
Tom's parents let him do whatever he wants.
Tom's parents let him go into the cave.
Tom's parents let him go there by himself.
Tom's parents let him keep the dog.
Tom's parents let him stay out late at night.
Tom's parents like me.
Tom's parents live in Australia.
Tom's parents live in Boston.
Tom's parents live in South America.
Tom's parents live in a big house.
Tom's parents live in a large house.
Tom's parents live in a mansion.
Tom's parents live in an old trailer.
Tom's parents live in the Boston area.
Tom's parents live three miles from him.
Tom's parents lived in Boston. Mary's lived in Chicago.
Tom's parents lived in poverty.
Tom's parents locked him in the cellar.
Tom's parents love me.
Tom's parents loved him.
Tom's parents moved to Australia.
Tom's parents must be proud.
Tom's parents need to know the truth.
Tom's parents never had the talk with him.
Tom's parents never let him play with toys.
Tom's parents never married.
Tom's parents never spent time with him.
Tom's parents never talked to him about the birds and the bees.
Tom's parents never told him about the birds and the bees.
Tom's parents never told him about the facts of life.
Tom's parents never visited Tom when he was in the hospital.
Tom's parents never visited him in prison.
Tom's parents never visited him when he was in the hospital.
Tom's parents offered to pay for the wedding.
Tom's parents often fight.
Tom's parents only spoke French to him.
Tom's parents only stayed together for the sake of the children.
Tom's parents ordered their son's tomb to be opened.
Tom's parents own a grocery store.
Tom's parents own the grocery store.
Tom's parents returned a day early from their vacation.
Tom's parents said that they wouldn't let him go to Australia alone.
Tom's parents said that they wouldn't let him go to Australia by himself.
Tom's parents said they haven't seen him in months.
Tom's parents said they wouldn't let him go to Australia alone.
Tom's parents said they wouldn't let him go to Australia by himself.
Tom's parents say that his French isn't bad at all.
Tom's parents scolded him.
Tom's parents seem like nice people.
Tom's parents send him a box of vegetables every month.
Tom's parents sent him to Boston because he kept getting into trouble in Chicago.
Tom's parents separated.
Tom's parents set him on the right path.
Tom's parents sleep in separate rooms.
Tom's parents speak French.
Tom's parents split up.
Tom's parents still support him.
Tom's parents suck because of Tom.
Tom's parents surprised him with a puppy on Christmas morning.
Tom's parents think Tom is still too young to have a girlfriend.
Tom's parents thought that Mary was too old for him.
Tom's parents thought that Tom was too young to live by himself.
Tom's parents thought that he was too young to live by himself.
Tom's parents told Tom not to do that.
Tom's parents told Tom that he shouldn't do that.
Tom's parents told him not to do that.
Tom's parents told him not to get involved with Mary.
Tom's parents told him that he shouldn't do that.
Tom's parents told him that playing with fire was dangerous.
Tom's parents told him that they thought he was too young to get married.
Tom's parents told him that they thought that he was too young to get married.
Tom's parents told him that, though they didn't like Mary very much, they wouldn't stand in the way if he really wanted to marry her.
Tom's parents told him they thought he was too young to get married.
Tom's parents told him they thought that he was too young to get married.
Tom's parents told him to stay at home.
Tom's parents told him to study harder.
Tom's parents told me that he would be going to Harvard.
Tom's parents totally freaked out.
Tom's parents usually speak French to each other.
Tom's parents vetoed his summer plans.
Tom's parents want him to be a doctor.
Tom's parents want him to become a doctor.
Tom's parents wanted him to study harder.
Tom's parents went to college.
Tom's parents were Canadian.
Tom's parents were a wizard and a witch.
Tom's parents were accountants.
Tom's parents were also singers.
Tom's parents were asleep when Tom got home.
Tom's parents were asleep when he got home.
Tom's parents were baffled.
Tom's parents were born in Australia.
Tom's parents were born outside Canada.
Tom's parents were both born in Australia.
Tom's parents were both teachers.
Tom's parents were devastated.
Tom's parents were disappointed that he couldn't get into Harvard.
Tom's parents were disappointed when they saw his test score.
Tom's parents were doctors.
Tom's parents were goth in high school.
Tom's parents were greatly upset by his conversion to a different religious faith.
Tom's parents were happy to see Tom.
Tom's parents were hippies.
Tom's parents were horrified.
Tom's parents were killed in a car accident.
Tom's parents were lawyers.
Tom's parents were mad that he didn't do his homework.
Tom's parents were married in Australia.
Tom's parents were married in Boston.
Tom's parents were missionaries in Africa.
Tom's parents were murdered.
Tom's parents were shocked.
Tom's parents were supporting him during his studies.
Tom's parents were teachers.
Tom's parents were upset.
Tom's parents were very impressed with Mary.
Tom's parents were very permissive.
Tom's parents were very proud of him.
Tom's parents were very strict.
Tom's parents were very supportive of him.
Tom's parents were very supportive.
Tom's parents were very understanding.
Tom's parents were very unhappy and subjected him to a miserable childhood.
Tom's parents were wizards.
Tom's parents were worried about him getting hurt.
Tom's parents weren't born in Australia.
Tom's parents weren't happy.
Tom's parents weren't home.
Tom's parents weren't particularly pleased.
Tom's parents weren't pleased.
Tom's parents weren't so lucky.
Tom's parents weren't very happy.
Tom's parents wish Tom would study harder.
Tom's parents wish he'd study harder.
Tom's parents won't be there.
Tom's parents won't let him do that.
Tom's parents won't let him go out with Mary on school nights.
Tom's parents worked hard to send him to private school.
Tom's parents wouldn't let Tom keep the kitten.
Tom's parents wouldn't let him go to Boston with Mary.
Tom's parents wouldn't let him keep the kitten.
Tom's parents' house is over there.
Tom's parole conditions require him to report to the police once a week.
Tom's parrot fluently speaks French.
Tom's parrot really only speaks 30 languages.
Tom's parrot speaks 387 languages.
Tom's parrot swears in Esperanto.
Tom's parrot swears in French.
Tom's part isn't over yet.
Tom's part of the job is over.
Tom's part of the job was tough.
Tom's part of the work isn't finished.
Tom's part-time job is delivering pizzas.
Tom's parties never end early.
Tom's partner thought that they should also sell gourmet popcorn seasonings.
Tom's party was a lot of fun.
Tom's party was boring.
Tom's party was fun.
Tom's party was kind of fun, actually.
Tom's party wasn't as fun as I expected it to be.
Tom's party wasn't as fun as I expected.
Tom's pass found John.
Tom's passion for gambling was fatal.
Tom's passions are guitar and baseball.
Tom's passport has been confiscated.
Tom's passport has been stolen.
Tom's passport has expired.
Tom's passport will expire next month.
Tom's password was easy to guess.
Tom's past caught up with him.
Tom's paternal grandparents live in Australia.
Tom's path is a difficult one.
Tom's patience has finally run out.
Tom's patience has run out.
Tom's patience is being strained.
Tom's patience is going to run out soon.
Tom's patience was exhausted.
Tom's patience wore thin.
Tom's pay was docked for making a late delivery.
Tom's paycheck is in the office.
Tom's paying me under the table.
Tom's peculiar attitude on the matter doesn't spring from any one cause.
Tom's pedal broke.
Tom's pen fell off the table.
Tom's penmanship is horrible.
Tom's penmanship is terrible.
Tom's people used to be nomads.
Tom's perfect. He's got the brains and the brawn.
Tom's performance was excellent.
Tom's performance was good.
Tom's performance was not up to his fans' expectations.
Tom's performance was outstanding.
Tom's performance was really good.
Tom's performance was very good tonight.
Tom's performance was very good.
Tom's performance wasn't as good as I expected it to be.
Tom's performance wasn't as good as I expected.
Tom's performance wasn't bad.
Tom's performance wasn't up to his fans' expectations.
Tom's personal assistant has a personal assistant.
Tom's personal life is his own.
Tom's personal pronouns are he/him and they/them.
Tom's personal pronouns are he/him.
Tom's personal pronouns are they/them.
Tom's personality changes completely when he grabs the mic.
Tom's personality complicates matters.
Tom's personality has changed.
Tom's personality is similar to Mary's.
Tom's perspective has changed.
Tom's petition was eventually accepted.
Tom's phone buzzed.
Tom's phone calls were intercepted.
Tom's phone can take pictures.
Tom's phone is huge.
Tom's phone is new.
Tom's phone is off.
Tom's phone is ringing.
Tom's phone is tapped.
Tom's phone number has changed.
Tom's phone number is easy to remember.
Tom's phone number is in the desk.
Tom's phone number is unlisted.
Tom's phone number is very easy to remember.
Tom's phone number's unlisted.
Tom's phone rang again.
Tom's phone rang, but he didn't answer it.
Tom's phone rang, but he ignored it.
Tom's phone rang.
Tom's phone started ringing.
Tom's phone started vibrating.
Tom's phone vibrated.
Tom's phone was confiscated because he was caught texting in class.
Tom's phone was confiscated by the teacher.
Tom's phone was disconnected last week.
Tom's phone was turned off all day.
Tom's phone went dead.
Tom's phone's off.
Tom's physical condition wasn't bad.
Tom's physical condition wasn't outstanding.
Tom's piano needs to be tuned.
Tom's picture is on the front page of today's newspaper.
Tom's pillow has a blue pillowcase.
Tom's pillow is pink and has a picture of a fairy on it.
Tom's pillow talk needed some work.
Tom's pillow's got a blue pillowcase.
Tom's pissed off because he's not the one and only.
Tom's pitching is pretty good.
Tom's pitching was outstanding.
Tom's place is a dump.
Tom's place is easy to get to.
Tom's place is really tacky.
Tom's place was surrounded by police.
Tom's plan actually worked.
Tom's plan almost succeeded.
Tom's plan almost worked.
Tom's plan could fail.
Tom's plan didn't sound stupid.
Tom's plan didn't work.
Tom's plan failed when it was discovered by the police.
Tom's plan failed.
Tom's plan has been rejected.
Tom's plan has been successful.
Tom's plan has gone awry.
Tom's plan is a good one.
Tom's plan is complicated.
Tom's plan is good.
Tom's plan is incomplete.
Tom's plan is perfect.
Tom's plan is pretty good.
Tom's plan is quite good.
Tom's plan is simple.
Tom's plan is the only reasonable one that was presented.
Tom's plan isn't very good.
Tom's plan isn't working.
Tom's plan never would have worked.
Tom's plan never would've worked.
Tom's plan saved us a lot of money.
Tom's plan seemed the best.
Tom's plan seems feasible.
Tom's plan seems the best.
Tom's plan sounded much more reasonable than Mary's plan.
Tom's plan sounded much more reasonable than Mary's.
Tom's plan to win Mary back backfired big time. Now she hates him more than ever.
Tom's plan took an unexpected detour.
Tom's plan was good.
Tom's plan was horrible.
Tom's plan was rejected.
Tom's plan was to apologize to Mary the next time he saw her.
Tom's plan was to apologize to Mary the next time that he saw her.
Tom's plan was to leave early.
Tom's plan was to wait and see.
Tom's plan was well thought out.
Tom's plan wasn't a good one.
Tom's plan wasn't any good.
Tom's plan wasn't very well thought out.
Tom's plan went horribly wrong.
Tom's plan won't work.
Tom's plan worked brilliantly.
Tom's plan worked perfectly.
Tom's plan worked.
Tom's plane crashed.
Tom's plane has just landed.
Tom's plane is landing right now.
Tom's plane leaves for Boston at 2:30 p.m.
Tom's plane left an hour ago.
Tom's plane should have arrived by now.
Tom's plane should've arrived at the airport by now.
Tom's plane should've arrived by now.
Tom's plane spiraled out of control.
Tom's plane went missing.
Tom's planet is smaller than the Little Prince's.
Tom's planning something special for Mary's birthday.
Tom's plans failed to materialize.
Tom's plans were finally coming to fruition.
Tom's plants talk to him.
Tom's plate was covered in yellowjackets.
Tom's plate was piled high with food.
Tom's playing football tomorrow.
Tom's playing with a slinky.
Tom's pleas were ignored.
Tom's ploy almost succeeded.
Tom's poetry has won a lot of prizes.
Tom's poetry has won many prizes.
Tom's poetry has won numerous prizes.
Tom's point of view is almost the same as mine.
Tom's polite.
Tom's political prospects dried up after the scandal, so he became a pundit for a conservative news station.
Tom's politically engaged but Mary couldn't care less about politics.
Tom's popularity has decreased.
Tom's popularity hasn't suffered.
Tom's popularity is growing.
Tom's porch light is on.
Tom's position is dangerous.
Tom's position isn't yet clear.
Tom's position on this matter is well known.
Tom's post went viral.
Tom's potential has no ceiling.
Tom's power is fading.
Tom's practice has grown rapidly.
Tom's practice soon took off.
Tom's prank went too far and Mary ended up crying.
Tom's prayer was answered.
Tom's prediction was accurate.
Tom's prediction was almost right.
Tom's prediction was correct.
Tom's predictions never come true.
Tom's predictions were accurate.
Tom's preference for classical music isn't shared by Mary.
Tom's prepping his son for university.
Tom's presence won't make it easier.
Tom's present whereabouts are unknown.
Tom's prestige is also being eroded.
Tom's pretentious.
Tom's pretty quick on the uptake.
Tom's previous dog was very loyal.
Tom's previous dog was very smart.
Tom's pride won't allow him to ask questions.
Tom's pride won't let him admit he's wrong.
Tom's pride won't let him admit that he's wrong.
Tom's prints are on the gun.
Tom's prints were on the gun.
Tom's priorities are different.
Tom's priorities aren't the same as Mary's.
Tom's priorities have changed.
Tom's prison sentence has been suspended.
Tom's prison sentence was suspended.
Tom's private life is none of your business.
Tom's probably going to get caught.
Tom's probably not angry with you any more.
Tom's probably sick and tired of the way Mary's been behaving lately.
Tom's problem is money.
Tom's problem is that he lives in his own bubble.
Tom's problem is that his wife spends more than he earns.
Tom's problems are far from over.
Tom's problems are going to get worse.
Tom's problems are not yet over.
Tom's problems are nothing compared to Mary's.
Tom's problems aren't my concern.
Tom's problems aren't over yet.
Tom's problems aren't over.
Tom's problems became too overwhelming to manage.
Tom's problems began as soon as Mary left.
Tom's problems began soon after Mary left.
Tom's problems didn't stop there.
Tom's problems have become my problems.
Tom's productive.
Tom's profile picture and outward appearance are different.
Tom's prognosis is very good.
Tom's prognosis was grim.
Tom's prognosis was poor.
Tom's project won the science fair.
Tom's projecting.
Tom's promotion came through.
Tom's promotion is in jeopardy.
Tom's prone to exaggeration.
Tom's pronunciation is very good.
Tom's property was seized.
Tom's proposal deserves consideration.
Tom's proposal is completely out of the question.
Tom's proposal is worth considering.
Tom's proposal was a good one.
Tom's proposal was denied.
Tom's proposal was rejected.
Tom's proposal wasn't acceptable.
Tom's proposals weren't adopted.
Tom's pub burned out.
Tom's puckish nature humanized him to his kidnappers.
Tom's pullover and your pullover look the same.
Tom's pulse beat faster.
Tom's pulse came back.
Tom's pulse is fast.
Tom's pulse is low.
Tom's pulse is normal.
Tom's pulse is racing.
Tom's pulse is slow.
Tom's pulse is still strong.
Tom's pulse is strong.
Tom's pulse is very weak.
Tom's pulse is weak.
Tom's pumpkin was the winner!
Tom's puns are largely untranslatable.
Tom's pupils are dilated.
Tom's pupils became dilated.
Tom's puppy is here.
Tom's puppy licked his hand.
Tom's purpose in college is to get a degree.
Tom's pushy.
Tom's quarters are near the camp.
Tom's question caught Mary completely off-guard.
Tom's question caught me by surprise.
Tom's question got me thinking.
Tom's question took Mary by surprise.
Tom's question took her by surprise.
Tom's question took me by surprise.
Tom's question was an accusation.
Tom's quick thinking saved the day.
Tom's quick to notice things.
Tom's quickly got much better.
Tom's quite drunk.
Tom's quite good.
Tom's quitting smoking.
Tom's racist comments cost him his job.
Tom's racket broke.
Tom's radio is broken.
Tom's rage boiled.
Tom's rage escalated.
Tom's raising a wolf.
Tom's raking the leaves together in the garden.
Tom's rather busy just now.
Tom's reached a point in his life where he has to make some pretty important decisions.
Tom's reaction shocked me.
Tom's reaction took me by surprise.
Tom's reaction was lightning fast.
Tom's reaction was the opposite of what Mary had expected.
Tom's reaction was very calm.
Tom's read that book before.
Tom's read this book before.
Tom's reading his wife's diary.
Tom's ready to die.
Tom's real last name is Jackson.
Tom's real name is John.
Tom's real name is unknown.
Tom's real name isn't Tom.
Tom's real name may not really be Tom.
Tom's real passion is art.
Tom's real passion is music.
Tom's real to me.
Tom's really enjoying his new job.
Tom's really good with computers.
Tom's really got a lot on his plate at the moment.
Tom's really kind.
Tom's reasoning didn't make any sense to me.
Tom's recently started a raw vegan diet, and regularly gets on his soapbox to tell people how great it is.
Tom's reckless driving was life-threatening.
Tom's record speaks for itself.
Tom's record was wiped clean.
Tom's recovery took a year.
Tom's red-headed wife wondered why there was a long blonde hair on his jacket.
Tom's refractory period is too long.
Tom's relationship with Mary was doomed from the moment he slept with her best friend.
Tom's relationship with Mary was rocky.
Tom's relatives in Boston have been notified.
Tom's remains were never recovered.
Tom's remark was ignored.
Tom's remark was insensitive.
Tom's remark was tactless and insensitive.
Tom's remarks made Mary feel uncomfortable.
Tom's remarks touched off a violent argument.
Tom's remarks were ignored.
Tom's rent is three hundred dollars a month.
Tom's replacement hasn't been determined.
Tom's replacement is Mary.
Tom's reply didn't surprise anyone.
Tom's reply got me thinking.
Tom's reply is unacceptable.
Tom's reply surprised Mary.
Tom's reply surprised everyone.
Tom's reply to my question didn't make any sense.
Tom's reply was evasive.
Tom's reply was negative.
Tom's reply was prompt.
Tom's reply was short and to the point.
Tom's report leaves much to be desired.
Tom's repulsive.
Tom's reputation has been ruined.
Tom's reputation is good.
Tom's reputation is impeccable.
Tom's reputation is ruined.
Tom's reputation isn't exactly untainted.
Tom's request for a salary increase was denied.
Tom's request is unreasonable.
Tom's request is very reasonable.
Tom's request seemed reasonable.
Tom's request surprised Mary.
Tom's request to his boss for a pay rise was rejected.
Tom's request took Mary by surprise.
Tom's request was denied.
Tom's request was granted.
Tom's request was perfectly reasonable.
Tom's request was refused.
Tom's requests were denied.
Tom's requirements are impossible to fulfill.
Tom's researched his family history and intends to send a detailed family tree to all of his relatives.
Tom's residence is a little too big for just one person.
Tom's resignation surprised everybody.
Tom's resignation surprised everyone.
Tom's resignation took effect immediately.
Tom's resignation was a huge blow for us.
Tom's resignation was effective Monday.
Tom's resigned.
Tom's resources are limited.
Tom's response is unacceptable.
Tom's response is wrong.
Tom's response surprised everybody.
Tom's response to the medicine pleased the doctor.
Tom's response was immediate.
Tom's response was unsatisfactory.
Tom's response wasn't what I expected.
Tom's restaurant has a Michelin star.
Tom's restaurant is full all the time.
Tom's restaurant is warm and cozy.
Tom's restaurant was visited by the health inspector.
Tom's resting.
Tom's resume is impressive.
Tom's resume speaks for itself.
Tom's resume's impressive.
Tom's retired.
Tom's returned.
Tom's rheumatoid factor was high.
Tom's rich, but not rich enough.
Tom's riding high these days.
Tom's riding shotgun.
Tom's rifle wasn't loaded.
Tom's right eye is twitching again.
Tom's right eyelid twitches.
Tom's right hand began to shake uncontrollably.
Tom's right leg is broken.
Tom's right leg was amputated.
Tom's right sleeve was torn.
Tom's right.
Tom's rights were violated.
Tom's risking his life.
Tom's rolling a half-orc.
Tom's room doesn't have any windows.
Tom's room faces the road.
Tom's room has no windows.
Tom's room is a lot messier than his brother's.
Tom's room is a lot messier than mine.
Tom's room is a mess.
Tom's room is a pigsty.
Tom's room is a real mess.
Tom's room is across the hall from mine.
Tom's room is always neat.
Tom's room is at the end of the hall, on the right.
Tom's room is cleaner than mine.
Tom's room is dirty.
Tom's room is empty.
Tom's room is full of toys.
Tom's room is horribly messy and you can't even put your foot anywhere.
Tom's room is locked.
Tom's room is messy.
Tom's room is much smaller than I'd thought.
Tom's room is on the third floor.
Tom's room is only slightly larger than Mary's.
Tom's room is quite small.
Tom's room is ready.
Tom's room is small.
Tom's room is still empty.
Tom's room is tidy.
Tom's room is tiny.
Tom's room is very messy.
Tom's room is very small.
Tom's room isn't very big.
Tom's room isn't very clean.
Tom's room isn't very large.
Tom's room looks like a pigsty.
Tom's room needs to be cleaned again.
Tom's room needs to be cleaned.
Tom's room smelled of ammonia.
Tom's room smelled terrible.
Tom's room smelled very bad.
Tom's room smelled.
Tom's room smells really bad.
Tom's room smells.
Tom's room stank.
Tom's room still smells pretty bad.
Tom's room stinks.
Tom's room was a large one.
Tom's room was a large room.
Tom's room was a lot smaller than I expected it to be.
Tom's room was a mess.
Tom's room was clean.
Tom's room was dark.
Tom's room was messy.
Tom's room was pretty clean.
Tom's room was spotless.
Tom's room was surprisingly tidy.
Tom's room was the largest one in the house.
Tom's room was unlocked.
Tom's room was very clean.
Tom's room was very small.
Tom's room wasn't clean.
Tom's room's a mess.
Tom's roommate often leaves dirty dishes in the sink.
Tom's rough fondling got me soaking wet.
Tom's rough manner frightened the children.
Tom's rowboat capsized.
Tom's rowing a small boat across the lake.
Tom's royalty.
Tom's rude behavior made me angry.
Tom's rude behavior makes me angry.
Tom's rude reply provoked Mary to slap his face.
Tom's rudeness annoyed me.
Tom's rudeness made me angry.
Tom's rudeness shocked Mary.
Tom's ruining the whole project.
Tom's running commentary made it impossible to focus on the film.
Tom's running for the bus.
Tom's running to catch the bus.
Tom's running to get the bus.
Tom's sad.
Tom's sadness quickly turned to fury.
Tom's safe.
Tom's safety is a concern.
Tom's safety is our main concern.
Tom's salary has more than doubled in a year.
Tom's salary hasn't yet been set.
Tom's salary is more than double Mary's salary.
Tom's salary is more than double Mary's.
Tom's salary is much higher than mine.
Tom's salary is the same as mine.
Tom's sales figures have fallen drastically over the past three months.
Tom's sand castle was destroyed by the tide.
Tom's sandcastle was destroyed by the storm.
Tom's sardonic wit alienates a lot of people.
Tom's satchel was heavy with all the books he had to carry to school with him each day.
Tom's savings will soon run out.
Tom's scared.
Tom's scary voice isn't scary at all.
Tom's schedule is insane.
Tom's school books are very expensive.
Tom's school canteen has green, orange and red stickers on the food and drink on sale. Green means healthy, orange means consume in moderation, red means avoid or consume rarely.
Tom's school day is divided into six periods.
Tom's school has 3,000 students.
Tom's school has a zero-tolerance policy.
Tom's school has about 3,000 students.
Tom's school has more than 3,000 pupils.
Tom's school has more than 3,000 students.
Tom's school has over 3,000 students.
Tom's school is looking for a new French teacher.
Tom's school is on Park Street.
Tom's school isn't near where he lives.
Tom's school requires students to do at least 30 hours of community service in order to graduate.
Tom's school results have deteriorated rapidly.
Tom's schoolbooks cost a lot.
Tom's screaming woke Mary up.
Tom's screaming.
Tom's screams were inaudible.
Tom's scruff gives him a rugged look that's perfect for the outdoorsy lifestyle he loves.
Tom's searching for his biological father.
Tom's seat was empty.
Tom's second language is French.
Tom's secretary called and told me he wanted to see me tomorrow.
Tom's secretary ushered us out of his office.
Tom's self-absorbed and rarely asks Mary how she's going.
Tom's self-confidence was shattered after his boss dressed him down in front of his workmates.
Tom's self-esteem suffered a severe blow.
Tom's selling his bike.
Tom's selling his condo.
Tom's semi-detached neighbours are horrible.
Tom's semi-detached neighbours are lovely.
Tom's sense of calm enhances his natural beauty.
Tom's sense of smell isn't as good as it used to be.
Tom's sensible.
Tom's sentence was 25 hours of community service.
Tom's sentences are often biased and ideologically charged.
Tom's sentences are really hard to translate.
Tom's sentences are very ambiguous.
Tom's sentences are very difficult to understand and translate.
Tom's sentences are very long.
Tom's serious.
Tom's servants served him faithfully.
Tom's sexual abilities impressed Mary.
Tom's shack burned down.
Tom's shift begins at noon.
Tom's shift ends at 2:30.
Tom's shift ends at midnight.
Tom's shift is over.
Tom's shift isn't over yet.
Tom's shift starts at midnight.
Tom's ship ran aground.
Tom's shirt didn't cost as much as mine did.
Tom's shirt didn't cost as much as mine.
Tom's shirt got torn on a nail.
Tom's shirt had blood stains on it.
Tom's shirt has magenta stripes on it.
Tom's shirt is blue.
Tom's shirt is dirty.
Tom's shirt is drying.
Tom's shirt is on his bed.
Tom's shirt is purple.
Tom's shirt is really dirty.
Tom's shirt is red.
Tom's shirt is ripped.
Tom's shirt is wrinkled.
Tom's shirt was bloodstained.
Tom's shirt was covered with blood.
Tom's shirt was faded.
Tom's shirt was frayed.
Tom's shirt was heavily creased and in need of a good ironing.
Tom's shirt was on his bed.
Tom's shirt was soaked with sweat.
Tom's shirt was stained with blood.
Tom's shirt wasn't ironed and he'd forgotten to comb his hair.
Tom's shoelaces are untied.
Tom's shoelaces were untied.
Tom's shoes are brown.
Tom's shoes are dirty.
Tom's shoes are new, but Mary's aren't.
Tom's shoes are new.
Tom's shoes are too big for him.
Tom's shoes are too small for him.
Tom's shoes are under his bed.
Tom's shoes can't be filled.
Tom's shoes don't fit him very well.
Tom's shoes don't match his suit.
Tom's shoes were muddy.
Tom's shoes were so tight he couldn't wiggle his toes.
Tom's shop has an upscale clientele.
Tom's shop opened on October 20th.
Tom's shortcut to school involved hopping a fence.
Tom's shot missed the target by two feet.
Tom's shot.
Tom's shoulder hurts.
Tom's showing us the city.
Tom's shutting the door.
Tom's shy.
Tom's sick.
Tom's sideburns are longer than John's.
Tom's signature is illegible.
Tom's silence confirmed Mary's suspicions.
Tom's silence made Mary angry.
Tom's silence made Mary even angrier.
Tom's silence surprised me.
Tom's silent.
Tom's silly.
Tom's sincere.
Tom's singing certainly made people happy.
Tom's singing didn't impress me at all.
Tom's singing is pretty good.
Tom's singing made the people happy.
Tom's singing really impressed me.
Tom's singing voice flowed out of the radio.
Tom's singing voice isn't bad.
Tom's singing.
Tom's sister Mary is now in Boston.
Tom's sister and I are friends.
Tom's sister didn't invite him to her wedding.
Tom's sister is a devout Christian.
Tom's sister is a nun.
Tom's sister is a nurse.
Tom's sister is expecting a baby.
Tom's sister is pregnant.
Tom's sister is taller than mine.
Tom's sister is the prettiest girl in town.
Tom's sister is younger than mine.
Tom's sister just got over the flu and now he has it.
Tom's sister looks a lot like Mary.
Tom's sister paved the way for him to become a lawyer.
Tom's sister teaches Maria Russian.
Tom's sister told me that.
Tom's sister watches TikTok all the time.
Tom's sister's name is Mary.
Tom's sister's name is Ria.
Tom's sisters are both beautiful.
Tom's sisters are both married.
Tom's sitting in front of the TV. He's not studying German.
Tom's sitting in the car.
Tom's situation is desperate.
Tom's situation is different.
Tom's situation is getting more complicated.
Tom's situation isn't unique.
Tom's situation was different.
Tom's skating partner is Mary.
Tom's sketchy.
Tom's skiing.
Tom's skill at climbing the corporate ladder is shown not only by his interoffice political maneuvering, but by the way he lays out his course of action with tactical precision.
Tom's skilled.
Tom's skills were not needed.
Tom's skin gets dry easily.
Tom's skin is dry.
Tom's skin is leathery.
Tom's skull has been fractured.
Tom's skull was crushed when the building collapsed.
Tom's sleeping.
Tom's smart.
Tom's smarter than Mary.
Tom's smarter than we are.
Tom's smarter than you, you know.
Tom's smile convinced Mary he was happy.
Tom's smile convinced Mary that he was happy.
Tom's smile faded as Mary walked away.
Tom's smile faded.
Tom's smile lit up the room.
Tom's smile looked fake.
Tom's smile turned mischievous.
Tom's smile vanished instantly.
Tom's smile vanished.
Tom's smile warmed Mary's heart.
Tom's smile was contagious.
Tom's smile was heartwarming.
Tom's smile widened.
Tom's smiling face let everybody know he was happy.
Tom's smiling face let everyone know that he was happy.
Tom's smiling.
Tom's smoking.
Tom's smug behavior is offensive.
Tom's sneeze startled everyone.
Tom's sniffling.
Tom's snoring kept me awake all night.
Tom's snoring kept me awake.
Tom's snoring kept me up all night.
Tom's snoring last night kept me awake.
Tom's snoring.
Tom's snowmobile is broken.
Tom's so cute!
Tom's so lazy that you have to prod him repeatedly to get him to do his share of the work.
Tom's so lucky to have you, Mary!
Tom's so old.
Tom's so unfit he couldn't run out of sight on a dark night.
Tom's sobs could be heard from the next room.
Tom's socks are brown.
Tom's socks are dirty.
Tom's socks are gray.
Tom's socks are mismatched.
Tom's socks aren't the same color.
Tom's socks didn't match.
Tom's socks don't match.
Tom's softer side came out.
Tom's solo was awesome.
Tom's solution was no better.
Tom's somewhere in the park.
Tom's son has been kidnapped again.
Tom's son has just turned three.
Tom's son has run away from home.
Tom's son is John.
Tom's son is a doctor and his daughter is a nurse.
Tom's son is a doctor.
Tom's son is as lazy as his father was.
Tom's son is called John.
Tom's son is disabled.
Tom's son is getting married.
Tom's son is pulling faces.
Tom's son is sick.
Tom's son is very self-assured, unlike his father who is plagued by self-doubt.
Tom's son lost his toys.
Tom's son was born in Australia, and his daughter was born in New Zealand.
Tom's son was killed in a traffic accident last winter.
Tom's son was quick to adapt to life at home.
Tom's son was robbed for the third time.
Tom's son was very rude to me.
Tom's son's name is John.
Tom's son, John, also works as an officer with the Boston police.
Tom's son, John, died of an overdose at age seventeen.
Tom's song was a huge success.
Tom's sorry.
Tom's soul is doomed to haunt Boston forever, as any other place would introduce near duplicates.
Tom's soul is doomed to haunt Boston forever.
Tom's soup tasted surprisingly good.
Tom's spaceship has artificial gravity.
Tom's spam filter was too good.
Tom's speaking out, telling his version of the story.
Tom's speech at the convocation made me cry because I knew he only learned English six years ago!
Tom's speech bored me to tears.
Tom's speech bored me.
Tom's speech came last.
Tom's speech didn't convince me.
Tom's speech ended on a positive note.
Tom's speech impediment is getting worse.
Tom's speech lasted for three hours.
Tom's speech lasted three hours.
Tom's speech motivated me.
Tom's speech moved the audience to tears.
Tom's speech moved us to tears.
Tom's speech put me to sleep.
Tom's speech quieted the crowd.
Tom's speech shocked the audience.
Tom's speech sparkled with erudition.
Tom's speech was boring.
Tom's speech was convoluted and disjointed and was very hard to follow.
Tom's speech was excellent.
Tom's speech was full of double entendres, most of which went over his audience's head.
Tom's speech was full of scathing sarcasm.
Tom's speech was good.
Tom's speech was hilarious.
Tom's speech was interesting.
Tom's speech was interrupted by jeers.
Tom's speech was mediocre.
Tom's speech was more interesting than Mary's speech.
Tom's speech was more interesting than Mary's.
Tom's speech was only three minutes long.
Tom's speech was perfect.
Tom's speech was pretty interesting.
Tom's speech was quite entertaining.
Tom's speech was quite interesting.
Tom's speech was really funny.
Tom's speech was really interesting.
Tom's speech was slightly slurred.
Tom's speech was so boring that several people in the audience fell asleep.
Tom's speech was too long.
Tom's speech was very boring.
Tom's speech was very interesting.
Tom's speech was very short.
Tom's speech wasn't as boring as I thought it would be.
Tom's speech wasn't as boring as Mary's speech was.
Tom's speech wasn't as boring as Mary's speech.
Tom's speech wasn't as boring as Mary's.
Tom's speech wasn't as interesting as Mary's speech was.
Tom's speech wasn't as interesting as Mary's speech.
Tom's speech wasn't as interesting as Mary's.
Tom's speech wasn't as long as Mary's speech was.
Tom's speech wasn't as long as Mary's speech.
Tom's speech wasn't as long as Mary's.
Tom's speech wasn't very interesting.
Tom's speech will likely be boring.
Tom's speed is incredible.
Tom's spelling is bad.
Tom's spelling is terrible.
Tom's spiritual father told him to receive Communion at least twice during the fast.
Tom's spoken French is hard to understand.
Tom's spoken French is pretty good.
Tom's spoken nowt but English since he got here.
Tom's sponsorship was withdrawn. He had to stop his research.
Tom's squadron hasn't reported in.
Tom's squirrel can smell hazelnuts from a mile away.
Tom's squirrel has a fluffy tail.
Tom's squirrel is blind, afraid of heights and allergic to nuts. I don't think that he would survive without Tom.
Tom's squirrel is not shy at all. He even stole nuts from right under my nose!
Tom's squirrel is perhaps the most intelligent life form in the galaxy.
Tom's squirrel is super intelligent. It has an IQ three times higher than Tom's, and considers him its pet.
Tom's squirrel likes to listen to rock music.
Tom's squirrel was the mastermind behind the fraud.
Tom's squirrel wore a costume.
Tom's squirrel wore a cute costume.
Tom's stalling.
Tom's stand-up act bombed.
Tom's standing in front of a tree speaking to it.
Tom's started to clear out his stuff.
Tom's starting to go bald.
Tom's state of health has deteriorated considerably recently.
Tom's statement is pure nonsense.
Tom's statements contradict each other.
Tom's stats are quite impressive.
Tom's stats for the season are here.
Tom's stay in Boston lasted three months longer than he expected.
Tom's stench was uncontested at work until Mary showed up.
Tom's stepdaughter's name is Mary.
Tom's stepdaughters' names are Mary and Alice.
Tom's stepmom isn't much older than he is.
Tom's stepmother isn't much older than he is.
Tom's stepson is an addict.
Tom's stepson's name is John.
Tom's still a kid.
Tom's still dead.
Tom's still eating.
Tom's still got the hump with us.
Tom's still in the workshop. Doesn't he ever get tired?
Tom's still just a kid, so let's forgive him.
Tom's still not back. Just where is he?
Tom's still taking his medication, isn't he?
Tom's stomach began to growl.
Tom's stomach feels funny.
Tom's stomach growled.
Tom's stomach is a bottomless pit.
Tom's stomach lurched.
Tom's stomach seems to overrule him at every turn.
Tom's stoned.
Tom's stopped watching the news because the constant war coverage was getting him down.
Tom's store sells golf clubs, balls, shoes and other accessories.
Tom's stories make your hair stand on end.
Tom's story brought tears to my eyes.
Tom's story didn't add up.
Tom's story didn't check out.
Tom's story didn't make any sense.
Tom's story eventually became a book.
Tom's story had a happy ending.
Tom's story is a familiar one.
Tom's story is an interesting one.
Tom's story is believable.
Tom's story is even better.
Tom's story is mind-boggling.
Tom's story is not uncommon.
Tom's story is preposterous.
Tom's story isn't an unusual one.
Tom's story isn't uncommon.
Tom's story just doesn't add up.
Tom's story keeps changing.
Tom's story makes zero sense.
Tom's story reads like a horror film, except this is real life.
Tom's story really touched us.
Tom's story shocked the nation.
Tom's story sounded credible.
Tom's story was amusing, so I was amused.
Tom's story was funny.
Tom's story was not very feasible.
Tom's story was utterly implausible, but I pretended to believe him.
Tom's story was very depressing.
Tom's story was very interesting.
Tom's stranded.
Tom's strange logic gave unexpected results.
Tom's strange.
Tom's strategy for language learning is to throw everything against the wall and see what sticks.
Tom's strategy is working.
Tom's strategy isn't working.
Tom's strategy paid off.
Tom's strategy was responsible for the victory.
Tom's strategy worked.
Tom's strength is returning.
Tom's strength isn't what it once was.
Tom's strength training began to show results.
Tom's stressful job is having a detrimental effect on his health.
Tom's strict.
Tom's strong character enabled him to avoid the common pitfalls of success and fame.
Tom's strong interest in Mary provoked my jealousy. But I managed to conceal it.
Tom's strong.
Tom's strongest language is French.
Tom's stubborn.
Tom's students adored him.
Tom's studies soon attracted interest.
Tom's studio smells like turpentine.
Tom's study faces the backyard.
Tom's study has dark-colored walls.
Tom's studying.
Tom's stuff is everywhere.
Tom's stuff is in the basement.
Tom's stuff was really good.
Tom's stupid.
Tom's subscription expired.
Tom's success has been a source of great pride to all of us.
Tom's success motivated me.
Tom's success motivated us.
Tom's success spurred us on.
Tom's success was due in part to luck.
Tom's success was due more to his persistent hard work than to his talent.
Tom's success was mostly due to good luck.
Tom's success was partly due to luck.
Tom's such a bad sport that no one wants to play anything with him.
Tom's such a drag.
Tom's sudden switch to a vegan lifestyle surprised everyone.
Tom's suffering from the absence of his sweetheart Mary.
Tom's suffering.
Tom's suffocating.
Tom's suggestion is a good one.
Tom's suggestion is worth considering.
Tom's suggestion isn't a bad one.
Tom's suggestion was a good one.
Tom's suggestion wasn't a bad one.
Tom's suggestions are completely useless.
Tom's suggestions were good.
Tom's suggestions were ridiculous.
Tom's suggestions weren't very good.
Tom's suicide changes nothing.
Tom's suicide doesn't change anything.
Tom's suit is very stylish.
Tom's suitcase is empty.
Tom's suitcase is full.
Tom's suitcase is missing.
Tom's suitcase is on the bed.
Tom's suitcase is over there.
Tom's suitcase is too heavy for him to carry.
Tom's suitcase looks heavy.
Tom's suitcase looks very heavy.
Tom's suitcase was much heavier than mine.
Tom's suitcase wasn't as heavy as mine.
Tom's suitcase wasn't very heavy.
Tom's suitcases are very heavy.
Tom's suitcases were much heavier than mine.
Tom's suitcases weren't as heavy as mine.
Tom's summaries are always full of misprints.
Tom's sunglasses are still on the table.
Tom's supervisor was Mary Jackson.
Tom's support has been invaluable.
Tom's support is unwavering.
Tom's supposed to be good at Fortran.
Tom's sure to complain.
Tom's surfing on Covid waves.
Tom's surgery lasted three hours longer than they expected.
Tom's surgery lasted three hours.
Tom's surname is Jackson.
Tom's surprised.
Tom's survival was considered miraculous.
Tom's suspension ended on October 20th.
Tom's suspension ended on October twentieth.
Tom's suspicions were right.
Tom's suspicious.
Tom's sweating.
Tom's swimming.
Tom's sword was knocked from his hand.
Tom's systematic problem-solving skills stood him in good stead for promotion to branch manager.
Tom's talents could be put to better use elsewhere.
Tom's talents could be put to better use somewhere else.
Tom's talkative today.
Tom's talking to himself.
Tom's tartine was served with savory cheese, anchovies, capers, and fresh herbs. Suddenly, he changed his mind about robbing the bank that afternoon.
Tom's task is to teach the kid horse riding.
Tom's taste in music is similar to mine.
Tom's tax rate is 15%, but his secretary's tax rate is 35%.
Tom's teacher advised Tom to study harder.
Tom's teacher advised him to be more careful.
Tom's teacher advised him to study harder.
Tom's teacher asked him to help her clean the classroom.
Tom's teacher asked him to read the poem he'd written to the class.
Tom's teacher called to say that Tom has been bullying a couple of kids at school.
Tom's teacher called to say that Tom has been bullying some of his classmates.
Tom's teacher reprimanded him.
Tom's teacher said he thought Tom needed glasses.
Tom's teacher said he thought that Tom needed glasses.
Tom's teacher said that he needs to pay more attention in class.
Tom's teacher said that he thought Tom needed glasses.
Tom's teacher said that he thought that Tom needed glasses.
Tom's teacher says he's a model student.
Tom's teacher suspected Tom had cheated on the test.
Tom's teacher suspected that Tom had cheated on the test.
Tom's teacher told him to pay more attention to his punctuation.
Tom's teacher urged him to study harder.
Tom's teacher wished him the best of luck in whatever he chose to do after leaving school.
Tom's teachers don't like him.
Tom's teachers have given up on him.
Tom's teachers say he's rowdy and hard to manage, but I think he's spirited and independent.
Tom's teaching career began in 2013.
Tom's team is the only one to have done it more than once so far.
Tom's team is the only one to have done it more than once.
Tom's team is the worst team in the league.
Tom's team kicked some major-league ass in the tournament.
Tom's team lost.
Tom's team scored a total of 96 points. 55 points were scored in the first half. How many were scored in the second half?
Tom's team suffered a crushing defeat.
Tom's team was completely outclassed.
Tom's teammates are glad he's able to play again.
Tom's teammates are just as good as he is.
Tom's teammates chose him to be captain.
Tom's teammates chose him to be the captain.
Tom's teammates like him.
Tom's teammates need him.
Tom's teammates were glad to see him.
Tom's tearful pleas were ignored.
Tom's technique is impressive.
Tom's technique is pretty good.
Tom's technique was sloppy.
Tom's teeth chattered.
Tom's teeth have always been crooked.
Tom's teeth have always been that color.
Tom's teeth were chattering from the cold.
Tom's teeth were chattering.
Tom's telephone is ringing.
Tom's temper flared.
Tom's tenacity is infectious.
Tom's tendency to be overly critical keeps his team on their toes, fearing harsh feedback.
Tom's tendency to not fall in the same socially engineered traps as everyone else pushed those in power, those taking advantage of those traps, to label him a sociopath so as to shun him and his influence out of society and keep everyone else in line.
Tom's tent is over there.
Tom's terrific.
Tom's terrified.
Tom's test is in three hours.
Tom's testimony cast serious doubt on the verity of John's account.
Tom's testimony continues tomorrow.
Tom's testimony is crucial.
Tom's testimony shocked the court.
Tom's testimony was false.
Tom's textbooks are very expensive.
Tom's the baby of the family.
Tom's the bad kind of patriot.
Tom's the best guitarist I've ever heard in person.
Tom's the best surgeon at the hospital, but I refuse to wait three hours past my appointment time every time I see him.
Tom's the best there is.
Tom's the best.
Tom's the boss.
Tom's the captain of the team.
Tom's the dead spitting image of his father.
Tom's the decoy.
Tom's the first to admit that, without Mary, he'd probably be in jail, or worse.
Tom's the guy who always has beams of light coming out of his face.
Tom's the kind of person who calls a spade a spade and a lot of people don't like that.
Tom's the last one who I'd trust.
Tom's the last person I would have expected to have a heart attack.
Tom's the last person I would've expected to have a heart attack.
Tom's the life of the party.
Tom's the man.
Tom's the name.
Tom's the new owner of this restaurant.
Tom's the one who broke the window.
Tom's the one who's scared.
Tom's the one you want to see.
Tom's the only guy in this class.
Tom's the only one in our office who doesn't speak French.
Tom's the only one wearing a cape.
Tom's the only one wearing a coat.
Tom's the only one wearing a tie.
Tom's the only one who could have done this.
Tom's the only one who could've done this.
Tom's the only one who isn't wearing a tie.
Tom's the only one who wasn't at Mary's party.
Tom's the only person in our office who doesn't speak French.
Tom's the only person wearing a cape.
Tom's the only person wearing a tie.
Tom's the only person who isn't wearing a tie.
Tom's the real expert.
Tom's the same age as Mary.
Tom's the smallest of the three.
Tom's the talk of the town.
Tom's thinking of moving house.
Tom's thinking of moving so he'll be closer to Mary.
Tom's thinking of moving to a cabin out in the middle of nowhere.
Tom's third marriage was unhappy and he was considering yet another divorce.
Tom's third wife died in 2013.
Tom's third wife is from Boston.
Tom's third wife was from Boston.
Tom's thirsty.
Tom's thirtieth birthday is coming up.
Tom's thirtieth birthday is next Monday.
Tom's thirty.
Tom's thirtyish.
Tom's thoughts wandered.
Tom's threat shouldn't be ignored.
Tom's threats shouldn't be underestimated.
Tom's three favorite things are chocolate, computers and guitars.
Tom's three sons are still living in Australia.
Tom's three sons are still living in Boston.
Tom's three sons look a lot like him.
Tom's three sons still live in Australia.
Tom's three sons still live in Boston.
Tom's thrilled.
Tom's throat had been cut.
Tom's throat had been slit.
Tom's throwing you a surprise party.
Tom's tie is yellow.
Tom's tie was undone.
Tom's ties are always too loud.
Tom's time behind bars is over.
Tom's time hasn't come yet.
Tom's time is up.
Tom's time is very valuable.
Tom's timing couldn't be better.
Tom's timing couldn't have been better.
Tom's tipsy.
Tom's tired and run down and badly needs a few days off work.
Tom's tired just thinking about the work waiting for him at home.
Tom's tired.
Tom's toenails were screaming "Clip me!"
Tom's tom is sick.
Tom's tomcat is sick.
Tom's tomcatting.
Tom's tone was a bit aggressive.
Tom's too far gone to help.
Tom's too fat.
Tom's too poorly to eat owt.
Tom's too special for that.
Tom's too young and besides he has no qualifications.
Tom's too young for that.
Tom's toothbrush is blue. Mary's is red.
Tom's torch died on him before he could get out of the cave.
Tom's touchy.
Tom's tough.
Tom's toupee caught on fire.
Tom's toys are all made of wood.
Tom's track record isn't very good.
Tom's train arrives at 2:30.
Tom's train hasn't arrived yet.
Tom's train left five minutes ago.
Tom's train will arrive at 2:30.
Tom's trainers are bright green.
Tom's trainers are huge.
Tom's trainers are massive.
Tom's translating articles for Mary from a German magazine.
Tom's translation is too focused on the rhythm of English translation, and ignores the nuances of the original.
Tom's translation isn't very good.
Tom's translation sounded rather stilted.
Tom's translations are more guesswork than translation.
Tom's translations aren't very good.
Tom's trapped.
Tom's treatise is beyond reproach.
Tom's treatment may require transfusions.
Tom's trial began three days ago.
Tom's trial commenced three days later.
Tom's trial could last a week.
Tom's trial date hasn't been set.
Tom's trial is about to begin.
Tom's trial is in October.
Tom's trial is scheduled for October 20th.
Tom's trial is scheduled for October twentieth.
Tom's trial is scheduled for October.
Tom's trial is scheduled to begin in October.
Tom's trial is scheduled to begin the first week of October.
Tom's trial is scheduled to begin this November.
Tom's trial is set for October 20th.
Tom's trial is set for October.
Tom's trial is set for next Monday.
Tom's trial is set to begin on October 20th.
Tom's trial is set to start on Monday.
Tom's trial is set to start on October 20th.
Tom's trial is tomorrow.
Tom's trial isn't over yet.
Tom's trial isn't over.
Tom's trial lasted for three days.
Tom's trial lasted three days.
Tom's trial lasted three weeks.
Tom's trial resumes Monday.
Tom's trial started in October.
Tom's trial started on Monday.
Tom's trial started on October 20th.
Tom's trial started today.
Tom's trial starts tomorrow.
Tom's trial was held in Boston.
Tom's trial was moved to Boston, Massachusetts.
Tom's trial was to start today, but it's been postponed.
Tom's trial will begin in October.
Tom's trial will continue on Monday.
Tom's trial will continue on October 20th.
Tom's trip ended in Boston where he was involved in a traffic accident and ended up spending three months in the hospital.
Tom's trip into the mountains didn't end well.
Tom's trip lasted three months.
Tom's trip to Italy was an unforgettable experience.
Tom's trip turned into a nightmare when his passport and credit cards were stolen.
Tom's trip was canceled because of heavy snow.
Tom's triumph didn't last long.
Tom's troubled.
Tom's troublemaking days are over.
Tom's troubles are far from over.
Tom's troubles are only beginning.
Tom's troubles aren't over yet.
Tom's troubles aren't over.
Tom's troubles aren't yet over.
Tom's troubles weren't financial.
Tom's trousers are too long.
Tom's trousers caught fire.
Tom's trousers were stolen from the swimming pool changing room, so he had to sneak home in his pants.
Tom's truck got stuck in the mud.
Tom's truck has been stolen.
Tom's truck is back there.
Tom's truck is parked over there.
Tom's truck is still parked in front of the supermarket.
Tom's truck just pulled up outside.
Tom's truck was slightly damaged.
Tom's truck was stolen.
Tom's trumpet solo was incredible.
Tom's trying to make the impossible possible.
Tom's trying to rope you back in.
Tom's turn came.
Tom's tweet was re-tweeted a thousand times.
Tom's tweet was retweeted.
Tom's two mates died in an accident, and he himself is slowly heading towards death.
Tom's two-door is a pain to get into.
Tom's two-door sedan is surprisingly roomy.
Tom's ugly.
Tom's umbrella is newer than Mary's.
Tom's unarmed.
Tom's uncle brought him up.
Tom's uncle can only comprehend a quarter of a tenth of all these mysteries.
Tom's uncle is always going off on incoherent rants about participation trophies.
Tom's uncle is taking care of him.
Tom's uncle keeps a lot of sheep.
Tom's uncle owns a ranch.
Tom's uncle sent him a Christmas card.
Tom's uncle took care of him.
Tom's uncle's wife's brother is a close friend of mine.
Tom's uncomfortable with close personal relationships.
Tom's uncomfortable.
Tom's unconscious.
Tom's undead army has taken over Boston.
Tom's undefeated.
Tom's uneasy.
Tom's unexpected death devastated his work colleagues.
Tom's unflappable, even under great pressure.
Tom's unhappy.
Tom's unharmed.
Tom's uniform was a little disheveled.
Tom's union went on strike.
Tom's university degree made him overqualified to work at the public library.
Tom's unpredictable behavior always kept Mary on edge, never knowing what he would do next.
Tom's unpredictable behaviour always kept Mary on edge, never knowing what he would do next.
Tom's unreliable.
Tom's unruffled personality puts people at ease.
Tom's unscrupulous.
Tom's unstable.
Tom's unstoppable.
Tom's unsure.
Tom's unwillingness to help surprised Mary.
Tom's up to something; I just don't know what it is.
Tom's up.
Tom's up. The light's on in his room.
Tom's upset.
Tom's upstairs.
Tom's useless!
Tom's useless.
Tom's user profile on Facebook was deleted.
Tom's username is "Tomtoeba13".
Tom's vacation plans dovetail nicely with Mary's.
Tom's van is parked in the driveway.
Tom's van is parked over there.
Tom's vehicle is dirty.
Tom's ventures almost always fail.
Tom's very annoying.
Tom's very big-headed.
Tom's very careful.
Tom's very content now that Mary's moved in with him.
Tom's very dangerous.
Tom's very effusive.
Tom's very enthusiastic about it.
Tom's very fussy.
Tom's very good at debugging.
Tom's very good at finding bugs.
Tom's very good at mental arithmetic.
Tom's very good at what he does.
Tom's very hard-working.
Tom's very highly strung and easily offended.
Tom's very kind to me, but Sami has much more money.
Tom's very kind.
Tom's very lazy.
Tom's very much in control of the situation.
Tom's very neat.
Tom's very nice.
Tom's very pleased with himself.
Tom's very presence inspired Mary.
Tom's very resilient and can always manage to smile, no matter what's going on in his life.
Tom's very sad.
Tom's very sophisticated.
Tom's very unpredictable when he's been drinking.
Tom's very upset about something.
Tom's very weak.
Tom's very, very good.
Tom's vexation was evident.
Tom's vexatious behavior led to him being banned from the bar.
Tom's video got taken down.
Tom's violent nature just drives people away.
Tom's violent.
Tom's violin was stolen by the man who broke into his house.
Tom's virtually admitted that it was his fault.
Tom's visa expired three months ago.
Tom's visiting at the weekend. I'm really looking forward to it.
Tom's visiting his aunt.
Tom's visiting his brother.
Tom's visiting his father.
Tom's visiting his grandfather.
Tom's visiting his grandmother.
Tom's visiting his grandparents.
Tom's visiting his mother.
Tom's visiting his mum.
Tom's visiting his sister.
Tom's visiting his uncle.
Tom's voice began to crack.
Tom's voice began to tremble.
Tom's voice betrayed alarm.
Tom's voice broke with emotion.
Tom's voice carries well.
Tom's voice cracked on a high note.
Tom's voice cracked slightly.
Tom's voice cracked with emotion.
Tom's voice cracked.
Tom's voice dropped to a whisper.
Tom's voice echoed throughout the otherwise empty room.
Tom's voice expressed the utmost contempt.
Tom's voice filled the room.
Tom's voice got on my nerves.
Tom's voice has begun to change.
Tom's voice is completely devoid of warmth.
Tom's voice is low and husky.
Tom's voice is really deep.
Tom's voice is so sexy! It gives me butterflies in my stomach!
Tom's voice is so sexy! It really makes my chest tight!
Tom's voice is soft.
Tom's voice is soothing.
Tom's voice is strident.
Tom's voice is unmistakable.
Tom's voice is very beautiful.
Tom's voice is very good.
Tom's voice is very nice.
Tom's voice isn't bad.
Tom's voice quavered, betraying him.
Tom's voice quavered.
Tom's voice sounded mocking.
Tom's voice sounds a bit like an old woman's.
Tom's voice sounds better than yours.
Tom's voice sounds like a kid's.
Tom's voice sounds like a woman's.
Tom's voice sounds much better than yours.
Tom's voice sounds much different today than usual.
Tom's voice startled me.
Tom's voice trembled slightly.
Tom's voice was calm.
Tom's voice was clear.
Tom's voice was hardly audible.
Tom's voice was loud.
Tom's voice was low and somewhat hoarse.
Tom's voice was so soft it was barely audible to those sitting at the back of the lecture theatre.
Tom's voice was soothing.
Tom's voice was the loudest in the room.
Tom's voice was the loudest one in the room.
Tom's vomiting.
Tom's wacky hobby became a multimillion dollar empire.
Tom's wages are being garnished.
Tom's waiting for me in the railway station forecourt.
Tom's waiting for us to tell him our decision.
Tom's waiting for you.
Tom's waiting.
Tom's walk is like Jar Jar's.
Tom's walk is rather ungainly.
Tom's wallet is almost empty.
Tom's wallet is black.
Tom's wallet was a bit the worse for wear, and Mary said he should get a new one.
Tom's wallet was empty.
Tom's wallet was still in his pocket.
Tom's wallet was stolen.
Tom's walls are covered with pictures of Mary.
Tom's warned me about that.
Tom's was the first name on the list of persons of interest after Mary's murder.
Tom's was the only phone number Mary had.
Tom's washing your car.
Tom's wasn't the only phone number Mary had.
Tom's wasted.
Tom's wasting time.
Tom's watch was stolen.
Tom's watching Deep Space Nine in the other room.
Tom's watching.
Tom's way of speaking annoys me.
Tom's way of speaking gets on my nerves.
Tom's way of speaking got on my nerves.
Tom's way of talking gets on my nerves.
Tom's way out of your league.
Tom's weak.
Tom's weakness is potato chips.
Tom's wearing a miniskirt.
Tom's wearing a new coat.
Tom's wearing a suit.
Tom's wearing jeans.
Tom's wearing leather shorts.
Tom's weaselliness is starting to rub off on John.
Tom's wedding is in October.
Tom's weird.
Tom's well dried up.
Tom's well.
Tom's whole demeanor changed.
Tom's whole face shows what he is thinking.
Tom's whole family is here.
Tom's whole family is now in Australia with him.
Tom's whole family is very religious.
Tom's whole family will be there.
Tom's whole identity is wrapped up in his automobile.
Tom's whole manner grates on me.
Tom's whole world collapsed.
Tom's wicked smart.
Tom's wicked.
Tom's wide-eyed optimism is beginning to grate on my nerves.
Tom's wife Maria still believes in the Easter bunny.
Tom's wife Mary predeceased him.
Tom's wife always stays home with the kids.
Tom's wife and my wife went shopping together.
Tom's wife asked him to quit his job.
Tom's wife called.
Tom's wife comes from Canada.
Tom's wife comes from Russia.
Tom's wife criticized his parenting skills.
Tom's wife died a few years ago.
Tom's wife died in 2013.
Tom's wife died in 2013. Tom himself died three years later.
Tom's wife died in a traffic accident.
Tom's wife died in childbirth.
Tom's wife died last week.
Tom's wife died of cancer two years ago.
Tom's wife died of cancer.
Tom's wife died three hours after he did.
Tom's wife died three years ago.
Tom's wife divorced him.
Tom's wife doesn't know Mary's husband.
Tom's wife doesn't like it when he smokes in the living room.
Tom's wife filed for divorce after the incident.
Tom's wife filed for divorce.
Tom's wife gave birth to twins.
Tom's wife had a baby girl yesterday.
Tom's wife had an extramarital affair.
Tom's wife has been killed.
Tom's wife has just thrown him out.
Tom's wife has left him.
Tom's wife is Australian.
Tom's wife is Canadian.
Tom's wife is French.
Tom's wife is German.
Tom's wife is Norwegian.
Tom's wife is a lawyer.
Tom's wife is a lot younger than he is.
Tom's wife is a supporter of the Kabyle national soccer team.
Tom's wife is a teacher.
Tom's wife is about my age.
Tom's wife is almost as short as Tom is.
Tom's wife is almost as short as he is.
Tom's wife is almost as ugly as he is.
Tom's wife is also a scientist.
Tom's wife is called Mary.
Tom's wife is from Boston.
Tom's wife is half his age.
Tom's wife is hard-working.
Tom's wife is just as crazy as Tom is.
Tom's wife is just as crazy as he is.
Tom's wife is just as funny as he is.
Tom's wife is just as strange as he is.
Tom's wife is just as stubborn as he is.
Tom's wife is just as tall as he is.
Tom's wife is much younger than he is.
Tom's wife is pregnant with their second child.
Tom's wife is pregnant with their third child.
Tom's wife is pregnant with twins.
Tom's wife is pregnant.
Tom's wife is still alive.
Tom's wife is three years older than he is.
Tom's wife is three years older than him.
Tom's wife is three years younger than he is.
Tom's wife is unemployed.
Tom's wife is younger than his daughter.
Tom's wife just died.
Tom's wife keeps him grounded.
Tom's wife keeps him on such a short rope.
Tom's wife kept nagging until Tom did it.
Tom's wife kicked him out.
Tom's wife left him in 2013.
Tom's wife left him in October.
Tom's wife left him three months ago.
Tom's wife left him.
Tom's wife left home for work.
Tom's wife likes chemistry.
Tom's wife loves to exhibit her jewelry.
Tom's wife manages their finances.
Tom's wife met him at the door.
Tom's wife must be missing him.
Tom's wife must miss him.
Tom's wife often complains about his snoring.
Tom's wife passed away.
Tom's wife picked him up at the airport.
Tom's wife picked him up at the station.
Tom's wife picked him up.
Tom's wife remarried after his death.
Tom's wife remarried shortly after his death.
Tom's wife said she was leaving him.
Tom's wife suddenly fell sick.
Tom's wife supports him.
Tom's wife testified against him.
Tom's wife told me he wasn't at home.
Tom's wife told me that he wasn't at home.
Tom's wife was a cheerleader.
Tom's wife was here a while ago looking for him.
Tom's wife was notably absent from his birthday party, so it seems rumors of their estrangement are likely true.
Tom's wife was pregnant at the time.
Tom's wife was pregnant with their third kid at the time.
Tom's wife was really angry.
Tom's wife was there with him.
Tom's wife will provide an alibi for him.
Tom's wife would probably leave him if she knew the truth.
Tom's wife's a friend of mine.
Tom's wife's name is Mary and his son's name is John.
Tom's wife's name is Mary.
Tom's wife's pregnant.
Tom's wife? I heard that she ran away from him and went to Mexico.
Tom's will is going to be read tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom's willing to help us.
Tom's window is open.
Tom's window was already rolled down.
Tom's window was closed.
Tom's window was open.
Tom's windows were closed.
Tom's windows were open a while ago. They're closed now.
Tom's windows were open.
Tom's winking at Mary.
Tom's winning.
Tom's wireless internet went out as soon as he mentioned the conspiracy.
Tom's wish is to become a doctor.
Tom's wish is to go to Australia.
Tom's wish was granted.
Tom's wish was to go to Australia.
Tom's wondering if any of his kids will remember that today is Father's Day.
Tom's word is law here.
Tom's words came back to bite him.
Tom's words gave Mary comfort.
Tom's words gave me hope.
Tom's words motivated me.
Tom's words pained me.
Tom's words surprised me.
Tom's work environment was good.
Tom's work has gone from bad to worse.
Tom's work has to be checked.
Tom's work is dangerous.
Tom's work is far from satisfactory.
Tom's work is nowhere near complete.
Tom's work is selling second-hand cars.
Tom's work is shoddy.
Tom's work is sloppy.
Tom's work is widely cited.
Tom's working on a autobiography of his life and times.
Tom's working today, isn't he?
Tom's working today, right?
Tom's working.
Tom's workplace smelled strongly of solvents.
Tom's works frequently focus on life and politics, two topics John is interested in reading about.
Tom's works interweave science fiction and fantasy elements.
Tom's workstation is usually tidier than Mary's.
Tom's world revolved around Mary.
Tom's worried.
Tom's worries are over.
Tom's worrying expression left me worried.
Tom's worth about a hundred million dollars.
Tom's wound got infected.
Tom's wound was still weeping and had yet to scab over.
Tom's wounded.
Tom's wounds have healed.
Tom's wounds were self-inflicted.
Tom's wounds weren't self-inflicted.
Tom's writing an article for the school newspaper.
Tom's writing his doctoral thesis at the moment.
Tom's writing is quite good.
Tom's writing is very good.
Tom's writing is very legible.
Tom's wrong, you know.
Tom's wrong.
Tom's yacht is one of the largest yachts I've ever seen.
Tom's yacht was anchored about thirty meters off shore.
Tom's yacht was closer to the shore than mine.
Tom's yawning in technicolour.
Tom's yearly salary has been the same for the past three years.
Tom's yelling.
Tom's young age prevented him from driving a car.
Tom's young age prevents him from driving a car.
Tom's young.
Tom's younger brother is dating Mary's older sister.
Tom's younger brother is dumb as a brick.
Tom's younger brother loves Mary's older sister.
Tom's younger daughter is married.
Tom's younger sister got married this summer.
Tom's younger sister is a shop assistant.
Tom's younger sister is older than Mary's oldest brother.
Tom's younger sister's name is Mary.
Tom's youngest daughter is called Melissa.
Tom's youngest daughter is his favorite.
Tom's youngest daughter is the apple of his eye.
Tom's youngest son wants to be a veterinarian.
Tom's your father.
Tom's zipper is stuck.
Tom's a bit of a fanatic.
Tom, I also want to hear your opinion.
Tom, I also want to know what your opinion of this is.
Tom, I am in love with you.
Tom, I asked you a question!
Tom, I bet you'd be a good teacher.
Tom, I came to say I'm sorry.
Tom, I can't really talk right now.
Tom, I choose you!
Tom, I chose not to remove the article.
Tom, I didn't do it.
Tom, I disagree with you.
Tom, I don't care what happens in the future, because as long as you persist and go through life with enthusiasm and ebullience, you will reap success.
Tom, I don't feel comfortable letting Mary go by herself, so please go with her.
Tom, I don't want to talk to you.
Tom, I don't want you getting hurt.
Tom, I especially want to talk to you.
Tom, I especially wanted to talk to you.
Tom, I feel very alone tonight.
Tom, I found the picture you were looking for.
Tom, I have a message for you from Mary.
Tom, I have missed you so much!
Tom, I have someone I want you to meet.
Tom, I have something I want you to do for me.
Tom, I have something to say to you.
Tom, I have something to show you.
Tom, I have something to tell you.
Tom, I have to show you something.
Tom, I haven't been completely honest with you.
Tom, I heard someone shot you.
Tom, I heard that you got shot.
Tom, I heard you were shot.
Tom, I know it's not the moment, but can you please help me?
Tom, I know that you're in there.
Tom, I know that you're there.
Tom, I know this is an unfair question, but I'm going to ask it anyway.
Tom, I know you don't want to do this, but it's what we have to do.
Tom, I know you mean well.
Tom, I know you wouldn't have wanted this, but it's what we have to do.
Tom, I know you're in there.
Tom, I know you're there.
Tom, I miss you so much.
Tom, I must talk to you.
Tom, I must tell you something.
Tom, I need to see you now.
Tom, I need to speak with you.
Tom, I need to talk to you about something serious.
Tom, I need to talk to you.
Tom, I need to tell you something.
Tom, I need you on the next flight to Boston.
