The wall was painted in all blue.
The wall was painted light brown.
The wall was painted yellow.
The wall was riddled with bullet holes.
The wall was splattered with blood.
The wall was three meters long.
The wall wasn't high enough to keep dogs out.
The wall wasn’t high enough to keep dogs out.
The wall will be enormous.
The wall will be huge.
The wall will be three meters high.
The wall will be three metres high.
The wall won't hold them back.
The wallet I found was Tom's.
The wallet I found was full of cash.
The wallet is in the bag.
The wallet is on the bag.
The wallet was here, and now it's gone.
The wallpaper had to be reglued.
The walls appear to be made of solid blocks of stone, but are in fact paper-thin.
The walls are bloody.
The walls are brick.
The walls are covered with blood.
The walls are festooned with ivy.
The walls are hidden by ivy.
The walls are made from drywall.
The walls are painted a light blue color with white trim.
The walls are painted.
The walls are reinforced concrete.
The walls are thick.
The walls are thin and the beds are quite squeaky.
The walls are thin.
The walls are very thin here.
The walls are very thin.
The walls are white plaster.
The walls are white.
The walls between old allies on either side of the Atlantic cannot stand.
The walls between races and tribes; natives and immigrants; Christian and Muslim and Jew cannot stand.
The walls between the countries with the most and those with the least cannot stand.
The walls carried the full weight of the roof.
The walls feature posters from his favorite cartoons.
The walls have ears, the doors have eyes.
The walls have ears.
The walls in the old house were not straight.
The walls look good.
The walls of Mary's room were covered with posters.
The walls of Rome have twelve gates.
The walls of Tom's room are covered with posters.
The walls of her room are covered with posters of her idol.
The walls of her room were covered in posters.
The walls of my room are green.
The walls of my room are too thin.
The walls of our house are red.
The walls of the apartment are white.
The walls of the attic were all dark.
The walls of the house are pale yellow, the shutters russet red.
The walls of the house are pale yellow, the shutters rust-colored.
The walls of the house are pale yellow, the shutters rust-coloured.
The walls of the old mosque are falling over.
The walls of the palace were formed of drifted snow, and the windows and doors of the cutting winds.
The walls of the room were bare and it was cold.
The walls of the small intestine are like a sieve.
The walls of the temple are richly decorated with frescoes.
The walls of the tent must be taut when you set it up.
The walls of the tomb were covered with hieroglyphs.
The walls of the town were destroyed.
The walls of their room are covered in animal posters.
The walls of this apartment are weather-beaten after many years of wind and rain.
The walls stand bare and silent. They do not speak the language of the heart.
The walls started changing colors.
The walls support the ceiling.
The walls supported the entire weight of the roof.
The walls were angled differently.
The walls were bare.
The walls were black with mold.
The walls were black with smoke damage.
The walls were closing in on Ivan.
The walls were covered in graffiti.
The walls were covered with graffiti.
The walls were covered with wallpaper.
The walls were decorated with African masks.
The walls were hung with some pictures.
The walls were made of compacted dirt.
The walls were made of unpainted concrete.
The walls were painted a sooty color.
The walls were painted light brown.
The walls were painted white.
The walls were torn down.
The walls, pillars and ceiling are of cedar richly carven with images of serpents, pomegranates and cherubim in gold.
The walnut tree prefers a dry and warm climate.
The walnut, hazelnut and chestnut are wrapped in a husk and a shell.
The waltz and the samba are dances.
The waltz is his favourite dance.
The waltz is my favorite dance.
The wanderer introduced herself as Wapanacahkos and was the most helpful person we met this entire trip.
The wandering heifer's earmark revealed that it had escaped from the farm down the road.
The want to bring thylacines back to life.
The wanted to see Mina and the girls.
The war affected the way the Japanese view nuclear weapons.
The war began in 1941.
The war began three years later.
The war began when the first shot was fired.
The war between France and England lasted one hundred years.
The war between Western Sahara and Morocco is a long-running conflict.
The war between the Polisario Front and the Moroccan occupation forces in Western Sahara is a low-intensity conflict.
The war between the two countries ended with a big loss for both sides.
The war broke out in 1939.
The war broke out suddenly, catching everyone off guard.
The war broke out when she was in Hiroshima.
The war broke out, the virus went free.
The war brought about death and destruction in the city.
The war brought disillusionment with it.
The war brought endless suffering to the people.
The war brought nothing but sorrow and pain.
The war brought ruin to the country.
The war brought their research to an end.
The war can't last forever.
The war changed almost everything. Little remained of the city's former beauty.
The war changed him.
The war claimed the lives of thousands.
The war continued.
The war continues!
The war cost 2,000 million dollars every month.
The war could have ended years ago, but it goes on and on.
The war could not last much longer.
The war crimes committed by the IDF aren't propaganda. They are fact and they will be tomorrow's history.
The war crimes committed by the IDF in Gaza on May 14, 2018, show a total disregard of international law.
The war criminal was condemned to death by hanging.
The war deprived them of their happiness.
The war destroyed everything they had built.
The war didn't break out by accident.
The war didn’t break out by accident.
The war diminished the wealth of the country.
The war ended about three months later.
The war ended in 1945.
The war ended in 1954.
The war ended in victory for the Allied Powers.
The war ended long ago.
The war ended with a humiliating defeat for Britain.
The war ended with many victims.
The war ended.
The war finally broke out.
The war goes on.
The war had ended.
The war had entered its final stage.
The war had lasted four years.
The war had united the American people.
The war has changed him.
The war has dragged on for more than two years now.
The war has ended.
The war has gone on too long.
The war has just begun.
The war has not ended.
The war has taken a terrible toll on the civilian population.
The war in Afghanistan ended in a humiliating defeat of the United States.
The war in Europe ended.
The war in Europe was carried into Africa.
The war in Iraq broke out ten years ago.
The war in Iraq happened ten years ago.
The war in Ukraine could have been avoided through diplomacy.
The war in Ukraine could last for years.
The war in Ukraine could last years.
The war in Ukraine has been a divisive debate in Europe.
The war in Ukraine has been dragging on for months.
The war in Ukraine has global implications.
The war in Ukraine is becoming increasingly attritional.
The war in Ukraine is helping the US.
The war in Ukraine is proving to be more costly to the West.
The war in Ukraine is seriously a geopolitical game changer.
The war in Ukraine is working in Washington's favor.
The war in Western Sahara has intensified.
The war in Western Sahara is a low-intensity conflict.
The war in Western Sahara is an underreported conflict.
The war in Western Sahara is one of the major conflicts in Africa.
The war in Western Sahara is one of the world's oldest conflicts.
The war in Yemen has to end.
The war is beginning.
The war is coming.
The war is draining our economy.
The war is escalating now.
The war is escalating.
The war is essentially over.
The war is finally over.
The war is going in our favor.
The war is liked by only those who haven't seen it.
The war is lost.
The war is not inevitable.
The war is over, but we still can't go home.
The war is over.
The war is over. Man can live in peace again.
The war is playing to our advantage.
The war is practically over.
The war is raging.
The war is starting.
The war is still going on.
The war isn't over yet.
The war kept us apart for so long, but not anymore.
The war lasted for about two years.
The war lasted four years.
The war lasted nearly ten years.
The war lasted three years.
The war lasted two years.
The war lasting for years impoverished the country.
The war left behind a generation of broken people.
The war left many children under-nourished.
The war left nothing but destruction in its wake.
The war left scars on both the land and the people.
The war left the city in ruins.
The war left the country in ruins.
The war left the land barren and lifeless.
The war made the country poor.
The war of words continues.
The war on Iraq is a volatile subject of political debate; any wrong word and a heated argument could spark.
The war on drugs has reached our neighborhood.
The war on drugs is a political war.
The war plays in our favor.
The war quickly turned into a quagmire.
The war resulted from a mistaken policy.
The war seemed endless.
The war seemed to have no end in sight.
The war situation was desperate.
The war started in 1941.
The war started to cool down.
The war took place 45 years ago.
The war ushered in a period of shortages and deprivation.
The war veteran is a double amputee.
The war was a big part of my life, and I can hardly bring myself to speak about it, but I feel it is important that your younger generation appreciates what I have done to you.
The war was coming to an end.
The war was finally brought to a close.
The war was finally over.
The war was going badly for them.
The war was lost.
The war was now over.
The war was officially over.
The war was over at the price of many lives.
The war was over in 1962.
The war was over. The nightmares weren’t.
The war was very unpopular, so recruitment of new soldiers became difficult.
The war wasted the country.
The war went against the country.
The war will be over any day now.
The war will be over soon.
The war will be over very soon.
The war will neither end today nor tomorrow.
The war with France was finished.
The war with France was over.
The war would be fought to the end.
The war's been going on for years.
The war, however, was lost.
The warbler is a bird arriving at autumn, during the plowings. Our friend said it. And he added: there are all kinds.
The warbler is a bird coming in at autumn, during the plowings. Our friend said it. And he added: there are all kinds.
The warden called Ziri in.
The warden gathered all the inmates in the yard for a speech.
The warden sent Dan back to solitary confinement.
The wardens and guards looked at each other in surprise.
The wardrobe contains several long dresses that are hung neatly inside.
The wardrobe is made from dark wood and has ornate gold handles.
The wardrobe is used for clothes.
The wardrobe stood to the left of the door.
The wardrobes were being emptied and the contents were being checked.
The warehouse burned down completely.
The warehouse district is fast turning into a hotbed of criminal activity.
The warehouse helped ship products out to customers.
The warehouse is empty.
The warehouse was a front for drug traffickers.
The warehouse was empty except for a piece of furniture.
The warehouse was located in a part of town where there was nothing around.
The warlord looked good on Facebook.
The warlord made us translate sentences.
The warlord went into hiding.
The warm light of the setting sun illuminates the landscape.
The warm light of the setting sun lights up the landscape.
The warm light of the sunset illuminates the landscape.
The warm light of the sunset is illuminating the landscape.
The warm months are more pleasant than the cold ones.
The warm punch fuming in the icy air called to mind caldrons, witches, and arcane incantations.
The warm sand felt amazing under their feet.
The warm sun of a bright spring day, in the year of grace 1574, shone down on the beautiful city of Leyden, on its spacious squares and streets and its elegant mansions, its imposing churches, and on the smooth canals which meandered among them, fed by the waters of the sluggish Rhine.
The warm sunlight is full upon the green wheat field.
The warm weather will bring the fruit trees into blossom soon.
The warm wind soon melted the ice.
The warmer the water, the more active the bacteria.
The warming trend observed over the past century can only be explained by the effects that human activities, especially emissions of greenhouse gases, have had on the climate.
The warmongers always kill the peacemakers.
The warmth after the chills intoxicated us.
The warmth and coziness of gathering around a crackling fireplace make the Christmas atmosphere so inviting.
The warmth and generosity of the Russian people, as demonstrated through their hospitality and strong sense of community, create a welcoming and inclusive cultural atmosphere.
The warmth and hospitality of the Indian people are unparalleled.
The warmth of Saturn and other gas giants in the solar system has puzzled scientists because the planets are too far from the sun for it to be the source of the heat that has been found in their atmospheres.
The warmth of Tom's hug soothed me.
The warmth of affection can turn to cool indifference.
The warmth of love comforts us in moments of sorrow.
The warmth of their welcome made me happy.
The warning came too late.
The warnings are clear and concrete.
The warnings were deafening.
The warnings were ignored.
The warp nacelles on the Starship Enterprise are inspired by similar engine housings on actual aircraft.
The warranty doesn't cover normal wear and tear.
The warranty doesn’t cover normal wear and tear.
The warranty for my TV expired.
The warranty for my TV is expired.
The warranty is two months.
The warranty lasts five years.
The warranty on my computer expired one day before my computer died.
The warrior bands came and went, prosecuting their family feuds; but the great mass continued to till the soil, taking but little notice of their would-be rulers, so long as they did not interfere with the independence of their village communities.
The warrior fights to protect himself.
The warrior has died for you, my sweet princess.
The warrior is conscious of both his strength and his weakness.
The warriors danced in the rain.
The warriors fought valiantly, but the defeat was inevitable.
The warriors killed the dragon.
The warriors painted their faces before the battle.
The warriors trained tirelessly, perfecting their combat techniques as they go hand-to-hand in their daily sparring sessions.
The warriors were mourning the loss of their beloved king.
The wars in Afghanistan and Iraq didn't make the world safer.
The wart on my thumb bled badly after picking at it all afternoon.
The wartime Congress had no money.
The was a dramatic increase in private vehicles in Algiers.
The was a hyena staring right at us.
The was no dish on the table.
The was some blackberry juice on the kitchen counter.
The wash will have to be put in the sun to dry.
The washbasin is made of granite.
The washbasin was full of hair!
The washer doesn't fit through the door.
The washing has got wet in the rain.
The washing is drying.
The washing is still damp.
The washing is taking too long to dry because of the moisture in the air.
The washing is taking too long to dry because the air is damp.
The washing machine facilitates my housework.
The washing machine has broken down.
The washing machine has several programs.
The washing machine is a great invention.
The washing machine is a wonderful invention.
The washing machine is an amazing invention.
The washing machine is broken again.
The washing machine is broken.
The washing machine is making a strange sound.
The washing machine is making strange noises.
The washing machine is on "stop".
The washing machine is out of order.
The washing machine is programmed for the washing of multi-coloured clothing.
The washing machine is somewhat out of order.
The washing machine makes my housework easier.
The washing machine still doesn't seem to be working.
The washing machine was one of the greatest inventions of all time.
The washing machine was plugged in.
The washing machine's full. We'll have to do the washing today.
The washing machine's full. We'll have to make today washday.
The washing powder is in the household cleaning product section.
The washing up still has to be done.
The washing up still needs doing.
The washing up still needs to be done.
The washing up's still got to be done.
The washing-up machine at home was regarded as a rival to the worker at the kitchen sink.
The washing-up's piling up in the kitchen. Couldn't you come and help me with it?
The wasp killed the spider.
The wasp's erratic flight patterns made it difficult for Anna to predict its next move.
The wasps inflicted stings on them.
The wasps stung them.
The wastage of food is a crime against humanity.
The wastage of muscle tissue is a problem.
The wastage of natural resources is a worldwide problem.
The waste of time and money is incredible.
The waste-paper basket is full.
The waste-paper bin is full.
The wastebasket is full.
The wasteland is not a hospitable place.
The watch I lost the other day was new.
The watch battery was dead.
The watch broke down.
The watch doesn't work.
The watch doesn’t work.
The watch fell off my wrist.
The watch glass broke.
The watch hand has turned, and time has left them!
The watch has an acrylic crystal.
The watch is broken.
The watch is manufactured in Switzerland.
The watch is on the table, isn't it?
The watch is on the table.
The watch is slow.
The watch keeps accurate time.
The watch on the compact disc is mine.
The watch on the compact disk is mine.
The watch on the desk is mine.
The watch spring broke.
The watch was given to Ziri by his uncle four days before he passed.
The watch was guaranteed.
The watch was not to be found anywhere.
The watch was stolen from Peter.
The watch you gave me doesn't keep time.
The watch you gave me doesn’t keep time.
The watch you gave me is behaving strangely.
The watch's battery ran out.
The watchers from the plain below could see them flit from rock to rock until their figures stood out against the skyline.
The watchman assured me that there was nothing unusual out there.
The watchman walked around the building to make sure everything was in order.
The water I accidentally spilled on my laptop rendered it unusable.
The water I left on the fire is boiling.
The water I put on the fire is bubbling.
The water Tom drank was contaminated.
The water always goes to the river.
The water and ice have made potholes on that road.
The water appears green from afar.
The water became muddy because of the rain.
The water became shallow.
The water began to boil.
The water between the moss-covered stones glittered in the sun.
The water between the moss-covered stones was glittering in the sun.
The water between the moss-covered stones was sparkling in the sun.
The water boiled.
The water boils.
The water bottle almost had no water left in it.
The water bottle is almost empty.
The water bottle is in the fridge.
The water buffalo, an Old World buffalo, is essential for farming in many Asian countries.
The water bug was swimming straight towards Kalman's feet.
The water came up to his waist.
The water came up to my knees.
The water came up to my waist.
The water came up to our knees.
The water came up to our necks.
The water came up to the bridge girder in a second.
The water comes straight from the glacier.
The water coming from Djurdjura springs is clean.
The water coming from the faucet is strange. It has a good smell.
The water coming out of this tap is dirty.
The water contains a lot of salt.
The water continued to flow from the tap.
The water continued to rise.
The water cooled, tilting towards the adjustable 45 degree mirror.
The water cooler is out of order.
The water cooler shattered.
The water crackers are really dry.
The water didn't return.
The water didn't taste good.
The water evaporated under the sun.
The water evaporated.
The water evaporates.
The water feels really warm.
The water filled the forest.
The water flooded the streets.
The water flowed quietly through the valley.
The water flows down the mountain and into the valley.
The water flows under the bridge.
The water from that stream is contaminated with giardia.
The water from that well isn't drinkable.
The water from the river had a color between yellow and brown.
The water from the spring is very pure.
The water from this fountain is clear.
The water from this fountain is safe to drink.
The water from this river runs into the sea.
The water from this tap is dirty.
The water from this well is drinkable.
The water from this well is not drinkable.
The water from this well is undrinkable.
The water from this well isn't drinkable.
The water froze and turned to ice.
The water froze in the winter.
The water hardly began to boil when she added the ingredients.
The water has become undrinkable.
The water has been cleaned.
The water has been cut off.
The water has begun to slowly recede.
The water has boiled away.
The water has heated up.
The water has just been brought from the well.
The water has turned red.
The water has warmed.
The water hasn't heated up.
The water hasn't warmed.
The water heater runs on gas.
The water here is shallow.
The water here is undrinkable.
The water here is very shallow.
The water here tastes good.
The water here tastes terrible.
The water immediately got Ziri sick.
The water immediately rushed in and submerged the entire city.
The water in here is better.
The water in lakes and rivers is usually fresh.
The water in that river is clean.
The water in the basin has frozen solid.
The water in the beer will be enough.
The water in the fountain is dirty.
The water in the glass is cloudy.
The water in the glass is dirty.
The water in the glass is murky.
The water in the lake is cool.
The water in the lake is murky.
The water in the lake reflected the sunset.
The water in the lake remained murky after the storm.
The water in the lake was calm.
The water in the lake was choppy.
The water in the ocean collects all of the salt and minerals from all of the rivers that flow into it.
The water in the pond was murky and uninviting.
The water in the pool is cold.
The water in the pool looks dirty.
The water in the river is dirty.
The water in the river is up to the knee.
The water in the shower is not going.
The water in the stream is cold.
The water in the swimming pool suddenly turned green.
The water in the well was ice-cold.
The water in the well was pure.
The water in this area doesn't taste very good.
The water in this area isn't drinkable.
The water in this area isn't good.
The water in this brook is cool and clear.
The water in this fountain is clean.
The water in this fountain is drinkable.
The water in this fountain is very cold.
The water in this picture looks so realistic that you'd think it wasn't painted.
The water in this river is clean.
The water in this river is very clean.
The water in this village is contaminated by arsenic.
The water is all Ziri's.
The water is already boiling.
The water is already knee-deep.
The water is beautiful.
The water is beginning to boil.
The water is blue.
The water is boiling away.
The water is boiling.
The water is boiling. I'll put the pasta in.
The water is calm.
The water is chlorinated.
The water is clean and pure.
The water is clean.
The water is clear and deep.
The water is clear to the bottom.
The water is clear.
The water is clearer now.
The water is cloudy.
The water is cold in the well.
The water is cold.
The water is coming out.
The water is crystal clear.
The water is deep in this part of the river.
The water is deep.
The water is deepest here.
The water is dirty.
The water is extremely cold.
The water is extremely dangerous around here.
The water is flowing.
The water is frozen.
The water is good.
The water is great!
The water is green with microscopic plankton.
The water is green.
The water is hot, so stop stirring it.
The water is hot.
The water is ice cold!
The water is ice-cold.
The water is icy.
The water is in the bottle.
The water is lukewarm.
The water is nice and cool.
The water is not clean.
The water is not cold.
The water is not drinkable.
The water is not fit to drink.
The water is not hot.
The water is not potable.
The water is not safe to drink.
The water is on.
The water is opaque.
The water is perfect to jump in.
The water is pleasantly crisp.
The water is polluted.
The water is pretty rough.
The water is pure.
The water is purified.
The water is really cold.
The water is really dirty.
The water is recycled.
The water is refreshing.
The water is rising.
The water is running downhill.
The water is running with great force.
The water is running.
The water is shallow at this point.
The water is shallow here.
The water is sloshing about.
The water is so pristine.
The water is starting to boil.
The water is still a little warm.
The water is tasty.
The water is too cold.
The water is too hot.
The water is transparent.
The water is unclean.
The water is very chlorinated.
The water is very cold.
The water is very hot.
The water is very tasty.
The water is waist-deep.
The water is warm, but not hot.
The water is warm.
The water is welling up from the ground.
The water isn't boiling yet.
The water isn't cold.
The water isn't really that deep here.
The water isn’t cold, is it?
The water keeps getting higher.
The water kept rising.
The water leaked because there was a hole in the channel.
The water left stains on Yanni's windshield.
The water level has reached car windows and houses are partly submerged.
The water level has risen further.
The water level in the reservoir is particularly low this year.
The water level is higher on this side.
The water level is very high.
The water level rises very quickly.
The water level rose after the rain.
The water level rose very quickly.
The water level was low.
The water levels in the Brahmaputra are plunging.
The water levels in these glasses are the same.
The water levels in these rivers are different.
The water lily is depicted on the Novopolotsk coat of arms.
The water lily's flowers open at sunrise and close at sunset.
The water looked inviting.
The water looked tempting.
The water main froze and burst.
The water main has burst.
The water mains burst due to the earthquake.
The water makes the wheel turn.
The water of the lake is very cold.
The water of the lake is very hot.
The water of the ocean is undrinkable.
The water of the river was very clear.
The water of the water supply is dangerous.
The water of this lake is red.
The water of this ocean is cold.
The water of this sea is black.
The water of this spring is pure.
The water of this well is good to drink.
The water on my body felt so nice.
The water on the road was just a mirage.
The water on the road's surface isn't draining sufficiently.
The water penetrated the walls.
The water perforates the stone.
The water pipe burst.
The water pipes broke.
The water pipes froze and then burst.
The water polo team practices at 5:30 a.m.
The water pressure caused the pipe to burst.
The water pressure in her kitchen sink was low, causing inconvenience.
The water pump was there.
The water ran down the rain pipe.
The water ran over the banks.
The water rapidly subsided back to normal levels leaving me on a falling building.
The water reached Igor's waist.
The water reached my knees.
The water recedes at low tide.
The water reflected Gabriel's smiling face.
The water refreshed me after I worked hard.
The water rose to a level of 10 meters.
The water runs downward to the pond.
The water seeped into the walls.
The water shortage is due to the weather.
The water slid over the rocks.
The water sloshed around the bowl as I carried it across the room.
The water splashed on Benedito's clothes.
The water started to get shallow.
The water stayed in the hole.
The water stopped running because the hose has a kink in it.
The water suddenly stopped spraying from the showerhead.
The water supplies are about to run out.
The water supply has failed.
The water supply was turned off.
The water table in the whole country is falling.
The water tank teems with mosquito larvae.
The water tasted refreshing.
The water tastes good.
The water tastes very good.
The water temperature was 38 degrees.
The water temperature was too low.
The water temperature's still low so you're not going for a swim, are you?
The water temperature's still low so you're not going to swim, are you?
The water temperature’s still low so you’re not going to swim, are you?
The water that my mother will not give me from her jug will never quench my thirst.
The water the bird drank came from the well.
The water the cat drank was not salty.
The water the cow drank was cool and fresh.
The water there was so deep that I could not touch bottom.
The water tower suddenly collapsed.
The water trickled nicely.
The water trickles nicely.
The water turned into ice.
The water turned to ice.
The water was 30 meters deep.
The water was a meter deep.
The water was a metre deep.
The water was about forty degrees.
The water was blue.
The water was boiling.
The water was calm and very blue.
The water was calm as a mirror.
The water was calm.
The water was choppy due to the wind.
The water was clean and blue.
The water was cold and dark.
The water was cold as ice.
The water was cold but invigorating.
The water was cold.
The water was contaminated with oil.
The water was contaminated.
The water was crystal blue.
The water was crystal clear and Boris could see some fish jumping occasionally.
The water was crystal clear, making it easy to see the fish.
The water was crystal clear.
The water was cut off yesterday.
The water was dead around us.
The water was deep enough for diving.
The water was deep.
The water was fifteen cubits higher than the mountains which it covered.
The water was five feet deep.
The water was fouled by oil.
The water was found in the dead man's lungs.
The water was found in the dead man’s lungs.
The water was freezing.
The water was hot enough to make tea.
The water was hot.
The water was ice cold.
The water was icy cold.
The water was just below Igor's belt.
The water was lukewarm.
The water was muddy after the storm.
The water was murky.
The water was not warm.
The water was polluted with oil.
The water was polluted.
The water was really cold.
The water was really hot.
The water was refreshing on a hot day.
The water was scarce in the desert.
The water was so cold.
The water was so murky that the police divers had to search for the body by feel.
The water was stagnant.
The water was still slowly leaking out.
The water was supplied from outside.
The water was sweet and pure.
The water was tepid.
The water was three feet deep.
The water was too cold for Benedito to swim.
The water was too hot for Benedito to touch.
The water was too hot to drink.
The water was too hot yesterday.
The water was too shallow for swimming.
The water was too shallow.
The water was transparent.
The water was turned on.
The water was up to Ziri's knees already.
The water was up to his waist.
The water was warm and inviting.
The water was warm and soothing.
The water was warm, and we enjoyed swimming.
The water was warm.
The water wasn't of good quality.
The water well dried out.
The water well has dried out.
The water whirled around the rocks.
The water will be cut off tomorrow from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. due to construction work. Don't forget.
The water will come to a boil in 5 minutes or so.
The water will soon drain away.
The water you drank had no ice.
The water you drank was at room temperature.
The water you drank was not cold.
The water's 38 degrees.
The water's clean.
The water's cold today.
The water's cold.
The water's getting higher.
The water's ice cold.
The water's leaking from the elbow of the pipe.
The water's not very warm.
The water's really nice.
The water's still too cold.
The water's thirty degrees.
The water's very hot.
The water's warm enough for a swim.
The water's warm.
The water, used to cool damaged fuel cores after the plant was damaged by the earthquake and tsunami in 2011, is being stored in giant tanks at the site. But the storage space is running out.
The water-powered suslik tried to flee.
The watercourse is to the biosphere what blood circulation is to a human being.
The watercraft also had several long robotic arms. They collected sealife. The trips to the bottom of the sea resulted in the discovery of more than ten new kinds of sea life.
The waterfall is big.
The waterfall is small.
The waterfall made a lot of noise.
The waterfall they found was hidden deep in the forest.
The waterfall was later harnessed for hydropower production and the hut was sold.
The waterfall was making a lot of noise.
The waterfront is a beautiful area.
The watermark wasn't visible.
The watermelon is in the fridge.
The watermelon smells so good.
The watermelon was at the bottom of the lake.
The watermelon was soft and delicious.
The watermelons this summer are unusually sweet.
The watermelons this year are unusually sweet.
The waters began to recede.
The waters of Antarctica are rich in life.
The waters of the El Harrach River are shallow.
The waters of the inlet were first charted during the eighteenth century.
The waters of the river ran red with blood.
The waters receded.
The waterskin is a sheepskin or goat skin sewn in the shape of a bag and serving as a receptacle.
The waterways branch out across the plain.
The waterways ramify across the plain.
The waterworks is located not far from my home.
The water’s warm enough for a swim.
The watt is the International System of Units' standard unit of power.
The wave broke her nose.
The wave knocked me off my feet.
The wave of claims by the newly unemployed has overwhelmed some state agencies that handle the paperwork, with the jobless workers forced to wait hours in line at offices or online if they were filing electronically. Jobless claim websites in some states, including New York and Oregon, have crashed in the wave of claims.
The wavelength is the distance from crest to crest, or from trough to trough.
The waves are enormous.
The waves are high today.
The waves are high.
The waves are impressive.
The waves are playing with the ship.
The waves are raging furiously.
The waves are rising.
The waves are subsiding.
The waves broke, and the backwash roared through the pebbles.
The waves broke, and the backwash rushed over the sand.
The waves broke, and the backwash rushed through the pebbles.
The waves carried me off my feet.
The waves crashed against the rocks.
The waves crashed against the shoreline.
The waves crashed into the shore.
The waves crashed loud.
The waves crashed rhythmically against the rocky shore.
The waves crashed rhythmically against the shore.
The waves dashed against the rocks.
The waves dashed against the seawall.
The waves dashed the shore.
The waves hit the shore.
The waves hurled the ship against the rocks.
The waves kept splashing against the rocks.
The waves kill me and then the tide drags me to the shore.
The waves lapped at their feet.
The waves lapped quietly against the side of the boat.
The waves rippled towards shore.
The waves sprayed the rocks with water.
The waves started carrying Daniel away from the yacht.
The waves swallowed up the boat.
The waves usually break when they reach the shore.
The waves washed upon the rocks.
The waves were amazing.
The waves were calm and perfect for paddleboarding.
The waves were crashing against the rocks.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
The waves were heard splashing against the boat.
The waves were higher than the trees.
The waves were huge and scary.
The waves were huge.
The waves were perfect for surfing that day.
The waves were tossing me viciously to and fro as I struggled to hold my breath.
The waves were very rough.
The waves will take Ziri to the mainland.
The wax melted.
The wax solidified.
The way Alberto was standing so close to Isabella made her feel uneasy.
The way Americans speak and write sometimes is totally different from our language.
The way Caifeng carries themselves with poise and confidence further enhances her Asian beauty.
The way Carmela carries herself with confidence and poise is a testament to her Maltese heritage.
The way Cop City protesters are being treated is a preview of how all Americans will be treated for exercising their freedom of speech in the coming years.
The way Gunter spoke was kind of creepy.
The way I acted was completely stupid.
The way I figure, they should have been here already.
The way I see it, as larges cities, Tokyo and Osaka are essentially the same.
The way I see it, he is right.
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.
The way I see it, we have three choices.
The way I see it, we've got three options.
The way Mary is dressed today makes her look like a man.
The way Oleg spoke creeped us out.
The way Sakura talks makes me uncomfortable.
The way Tobias talked Berber was really hard to understand.
The way Tobias was looking freaked me out.
The way Tom and Mary do that seems a little strange to me.
The way Tom and Mary met is quite interesting.
The way Tom answered my question made me feel stupid.
The way Tom behaves infuriates me.
The way Tom did that is the same way I would've done that.
The way Tom did that really impressed me.
The way Tom did that was brilliant.
The way Tom did that was funny.
The way Tom did that was good.
The way Tom did that was nice.
The way Tom did that was pretty cool.
The way Tom did that was pretty stupid.
The way Tom did that was stupid.
The way Tom did that was wrong.
The way Tom does that seems a little strange to me.
The way Tom drives, he's going to have an accident sooner or later.
The way Tom explained it was easy to understand.
The way Tom laughs is annoying.
The way Tom looked at me was so adorable, I just couldn't say "no."
The way Tom looks at me sends a shiver through my body.
The way Tom speaks French, you can tell he's a native English speaker.
The way Tom speaks annoys me.
The way Tom speaks gets on my nerves.
The way Tom speaks makes me nervous.
The way Tom speaks, you can tell he's from Australia.
The way Tom suggested we do that is dangerous.
The way Tom talks annoys me.
The way Tom talks really annoys me.
The way Yanni and Rima see marriage is different.
The way Yanni looked at Skura freaked her out.
The way a country treats its intellectuals is a sign of its civility. The way a country treats its farmers is a sign of its conscience.
The way ahead is clear.
The way back was hard.
The way back was tough.
The way he "helped" others triggered me.
The way he looked at me gave me a bad feeling.
The way he looked at me irritated me very much.
The way he returned into the fray to rescue his comrade is, for lack of a better word, praiseworthy.
The way he spoke attracted the attention of a famous writer.
The way he talks and acts, you can tell he's a redneck.
The way he talks and acts, you can tell he’s a redneck.
The way he walks is very strange.
The way he walks reminds me very much of his father.
The way his life was cut short is tragic.
The way home was long.
The way is constricted.
The way is deteriorated.
The way is direct.
The way is free for an advance.
The way is free.
The way is long.
The way is not for the coward but for the hero.
The way is the goal.
The way is very treacherous.
The way is very wide.
The way it's said depends on the context. Can you give me an example situation?
The way my husband likes onigiri is extremely unusual. You first mix rice with one bag of unflavoured katsuobushi, then you grab some salt with your hands and squeeze it to shape.
The way of life has changed.
The way of life.
The way of the samurai is found in death.
The way of the superior man is threefold, but I am not equal to it. Virtuous, he is free from anxieties; wise, he is free from perplexities; bold, he is free from fear.
The way our relational memory works is very interesting.
The way out is on the ground floor as well.
The way out is the way through.
The way people talked about Baby Boomers in the 1990s was markedly different from the way people talk about them in the 2020s.
The way reactionaries are making queer kids feel right now is unconscionable.
The way remains extensive.
The way she dizzily moves around is far too dangerous.
The way she flips her ponytail will charm you before you realise it.
The way she speaks gets on my nerves.
The way she spoke to us was suspicious.
The way she talked upset me.
The way she talks annoys me.
The way she talks gets on my nerves.
The way some people see it, associating with the opposite sex is just like going to the seaside and gathering stones; everyone can pick up the ones they like.
The way that I most like garbanzo beans is in a stew.
The way that Tom and Mary met is quite interesting.
The way that Tom intertwines French and English together in his speech makes it sound like his own unique language.
The way that she spoke hurt me.
The way that teacher explained it to us made it more complicated.
The way that the T-Rex is mounted on the metal armature allows us to remove every bone individually, every piece of rock.
The way that this teacher taught was insane.
The way that woman goes on with men shocks me.
The way the Islamic Republic of Iran treats Jews only serves to strengthen Zionism.
The way the baby's chin wobbles when it laughs is so adorable.
The way the question is phrased can influence the answer.
The way the radar waves are scattered and delayed by the material beneath the surface helps the scientists determine some of the properties of the material belowground.
The way they plan to punish Tom seems kind of severe.
The way things are going, an armed conflict may well be unavoidable.
The way things are said matter.
The way this bridge shakes is worrying.
The way this cupcake tastes brings back memories of my childhood.
The way this is worded makes it seem like it was originally a right-wing meme, but it works great as a left-wing one.
The way this old carpet looks is just due to normal wear and tear.
The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.
The way to him is open.
The way to make something fun is to turn it into a competition.
The way to my house is a meandering route through the countryside.
The way to protect yourself and your family from being adversely affected by television is to be more selective of the programmes you watch.
The way to reduce crime is to eradicate poverty.
The way to solve pre-exam anxiety is to start learning now.
The way to the higher education of young thinkers was paved by them.
The way tourists dress offends local standards of propriety.
The way tourists dress offends the local standard of propriety.
The way up the hill was very steep.
The way we know the world is going to change.
The way we live has changed.
The way we live is our decision.
The way we tried to solve the problem didn't work.
The way you are going is long!
The way you are talking to me is not polite.
The way you connect with people is something I strive for.
The way you describe Australia makes me want to move there.
The way you describe Boston makes me want to move there.
The way you describe it makes me drool.
The way you did it was wrong.
The way you did that was wrong.
The way you eat is good.
The way you frame a question can change the answer.
The way you handle challenges makes me want to be like you.
The way you look at me instantly arouses my desire.
The way you say 'funny' is funny. The way I say 'funny' is funny too.
The way you sit tells a great deal about your nature.
The way you smile is wonderful.
The way you speak Esperanto is admirable.
The way you speak to me isn't polite.
The way you stare at me makes me nervous.
The way you take your pet dog for a walk carries no conviction.
The way you talk about her, she sounds like a half-retard.
The way you talk is going to get you in trouble someday.
The way you talk to me isn't polite.
The way you talk, it sounds like you're referring to me.
The way you teach things makes you sound really pompous.
The way you treat others reflects your inner beauty.
The way you treat people is disgusting.
The way you treated me was deeply hurtful.
The way you work, so I would like to spend my vacation.
The way you're doing it is fine.
The way you're doing it is wrong.
The way you're doing that is dangerous.
The way you're doing that's wrong.
The way you're planning on doing that is dangerous.
The way you're planning to do that is dangerous.
The way you're speaking to me isn't polite.
The way you're talking to me isn't polite.
The way, sodden with rain, was extremely slippery.
The ways guys and girls think are so different.
The wayward son has returned.
The weak are food for the strong.
The weak beats of my heart can only go so far.
The weak beats of my heart has limits.
The weak boy was eliminated from the bitter contest.
The weak easily assimilate the opinions of the strong.
The weak flame flickers and goes out.
The weak point of this book is that it's less than persuasive when the married author recommends not being married.
The weak point of this book is that it’s less than persuasive when the married author recommends not being married.
The weak-willed are prone to go to the dogs; the strong-willed turn failure into success.
The weakest are the measuring stick of justice.
The weakest go to the wall.
The weakest link in the chain is also the strongest. It can break the chain.
The weakness of vinyl is that it is easily affected by heat.
The weaknesses of men are the strength of women.
The wealth gap is prevalent in Asia, attracting more white people to come to Asian countries for more privileges, according to Tong Yuying, professor of sociology at the Chinese University of Hong Kong specializing in social demography and migration.
The wealth of human ideas is greatest when people come up with dumb ones.
The wealthier you get, the more disconnected you become from your fellow human.
The wealthiest 1 percent of American households own 40 percent of the country's wealth.
The wealthy display their dazzling luxury, the poor drape themselves proudly in their rags.
The wealthy family built another large house.
The wealthy have no heart; the good have no fortune.
The wealthy philanthropist attended a charity event.
The wealthy region of Lombardy and 14 other provinces in the nearby regions of Emilia-Romagna, Veneto and Piedmont have been locked down in efforts to stop the spread of COVID-19.
The wealthy, self-indulgent young man felt oddly drawn to the strict, ascetic life led by members of some monastic orders.
The weapon of politics is demagoguery.
The weapon, as soon as it came within the sound of his lyre, fell harmless at his feet. So did also the stones that they threw at him. But the women raised a scream and drowned the voice of the music, and then the missiles reached him and soon were stained with his blood.
The weapons were concealed in the bottom of his baggage.
The wearer knows best where the shoe pinches.
The wearing of agate ornaments was even believed to be a cure for insomnia and was thought to insure pleasant dreams.
The wearing of face masks is strongly advised.
The weary don't have time for repose.
The weasel is noted for its bad smell.
The weasel tries to grab the mice.
The weather always changes.
The weather at this time of the year is beautiful.
The weather became colder.
The weather became warm.
The weather began to take a turn for the worse in the afternoon.
The weather being fine, we went on a picnic.
The weather being rainy, the baseball game was cancelled.
The weather bureau says it will rain tonight.
The weather bureau stationed personnel on the island.
The weather can be pretty tough.
The weather can be very treacherous at this altitude.
The weather changed abruptly.
The weather changed overnight.
The weather changed quickly.
The weather changed suddenly.
The weather changes very often at this time of year.
The weather changes very often in England.
The weather changes very quickly here.
The weather cleared up again after the storm.
The weather cleared up, so he went out for a walk.
The weather clearing up, he went out for a walk.
The weather clearing, he went out for a walk.
The weather conditions across the Taiwan Strait aren't ideal for a Chinese large-scale amphibious assault.
The weather couldn't be better.
The weather couldn't have been better.
The weather couldn’t have been better.
The weather didn't clear.
The weather does not affect this sport.
The weather does not look like clearing up today.
The weather doesn't care about us.
The weather doesn't look like clearing up today.
The weather favored our travel.
The weather feels a little chilly this morning.
The weather forecast doesn't bode well.
The weather forecast for tomorrow is not good.
The weather forecast is no cause for joy.
The weather forecast is not necessarily reliable.
The weather forecast is not reliable at all.
The weather forecast isn't necessarily reliable.
The weather forecast isn't that great today.
The weather forecast predicts a sunny week ahead.
The weather forecast predicts whether it will rain or not.
The weather forecast said it's going to rain.
The weather forecast said that it would rain this afternoon, but it didn't.
The weather forecast said that it would rain this afternoon, but it didn’t.
The weather forecast said that there would be a storm tomorrow.
The weather forecast said that there'd be rain all week.
The weather forecast said there would be a storm tomorrow.
The weather forecast said there'd be rain all week.
The weather forecast said tonight it will rain.
The weather forecast say it's going to rain tomorrow.
The weather forecast say it’s going to rain tomorrow.
The weather forecast says it will be cooler tomorrow.
The weather forecast says it will be fine tomorrow.
The weather forecast says it will rain.
The weather forecast says it'll rain tomorrow afternoon.
The weather forecast says it'll snow tomorrow.
The weather forecast says that it's going to snow this evening.
The weather forecast says that it’s going to snow this evening.
The weather forecast says there'll be showers.
The weather forecast says there’ll be showers.
The weather forecast says we're in for heavy rain this evening.
The weather forecast tells us if it will rain or not.
The weather forecast tomorrow predicts a high of 12 degrees Celsius.
The weather forecast tomorrow predicts a high of 54 degrees Fahrenheit.
The weather forecast was right.
The weather forecast was wrong.
The weather forecaster predicts sunny weather tomorrow.
The weather forecasters are promising Muscovites a hot summer.
The weather forecasters are promising Muscovites a rainy summer.
The weather getting worse, the departure was put off.
The weather got better.
The weather got cold.
The weather got worse.
The weather had been hot.
The weather has a great deal to do with our health.
The weather has become warmer.
The weather has been bad for two weeks.
The weather has been beautiful for the past three days.
The weather has been excellent for the past three days.
The weather has been good until today.
The weather has been nice all week.
The weather has been nice all week; it is high time we went on a hike.
The weather has been nice for the past three days.
The weather has been on and off here for a few days.
The weather has been pleasant all week.
The weather has been unusual this year.
The weather has changed.
The weather has cooled.
The weather has deteriorated.
The weather has improved.
The weather has settled at last.
The weather has started to change.
The weather has turned bad.
The weather hasn't got any better since yesterday.
The weather having cleared up, he went out for a walk.
The weather here can change quickly.
The weather here changes at the drop of a hat.
The weather here has been very unusual, but you know that's my cup of tea.
The weather here has been very unusual, but you know that’s my cup of tea.
The weather here has its own unique characteristics.
The weather here is cold all through the year.
The weather here is cold all year round.
The weather here is cold throughout the year.
The weather here is getting cold and I really do not like that.
The weather here is the same as in Boston.
The weather here is the same as in France.
The weather here is very mild.
The weather here is very unpredictable.
The weather improved considerably during the course of the day.
The weather in Algiers is unseasonably warm this year.
The weather in April is unstable.
The weather in Boston is always so gloomy.
The weather in Boston today is great.
The weather in Boston was good while we were there.
The weather in England is changeable.
The weather in Florida is generally moderate.
The weather in Greece is generally good.
The weather in London is good.
The weather in Ramallah is so much better.
The weather in Vienna is rainy today.
The weather in the capital is rainy.
The weather in the mornings was mostly dull.
The weather in the north is dry; it hasn't rained for more than a fortnight.
The weather is a bit chilly.
The weather is a bit cold this morning.
The weather is a bit fresh.
The weather is a bit warmer today.
The weather is a little chilly this morning.
The weather is a shade better today.
The weather is almost always hot.
The weather is as fine as can be.
The weather is as nice as nice can be.
The weather is atrocious.
The weather is awful.
The weather is bad and it's the day before payday, so I won't go out today.
The weather is bad in the north.
The weather is bad today, but tomorrow will be beautiful.
The weather is bad today.
The weather is bad, and I haven't gotten my paycheck yet. I think I'll give going out a pass today.
The weather is bad, isn't it?
The weather is bad.
The weather is beautiful today.
The weather is beautiful today. Let's go for a boat ride and maybe go swimming in the ocean.
The weather is beautiful, so we can go for a walk, can't we?
The weather is beautiful.
The weather is becoming colder.
The weather is becoming cooler.
The weather is better today than yesterday.
The weather is bound to get better tomorrow.
The weather is changeable here.
The weather is changeable.
The weather is changing.
The weather is clearing up. I needn't have brought an umbrella.
The weather is clearing up. I needn’t have brought an umbrella.
The weather is cloudy.
The weather is cold all year here.
The weather is cold all year round here.
The weather is cold now.
The weather is cold.
The weather is crook.
The weather is dangerous today.
The weather is deceptive in spring.
The weather is declining again.
The weather is different everyday.
The weather is dry. You need to water the bushes in the garden.
The weather is dry. You need to water the shrubs in the garden.
The weather is dying down.
The weather is excellent today. Go for a walk.
The weather is exceptionally frigid.
The weather is expected to be nice.
The weather is extremely hot.
The weather is fickle.
The weather is fine in Boston.
The weather is fine in London.
The weather is fine today!
The weather is fine today.
The weather is fine.
The weather is foggy.
The weather is forecast scientifically.
The weather is forecast, using the past data as a basis.
The weather is getting a little warmer in Algiers.
The weather is getting better and better.
The weather is getting cold.
The weather is getting colder day by day.
The weather is getting colder.
The weather is getting nice again.
The weather is getting nice and many people are having a tough time having to stay at home.
The weather is getting warmer, so it's nice to take a walk.
The weather is getting worse as the day draws on.
The weather is getting worse.
The weather is gloomy.
The weather is going to decline until the weekend.
The weather is good today, isn't it?
The weather is good today.
The weather is good, and the sea is becoming warmer.
The weather is good, and the sea is getting warmer.
The weather is good.
The weather is good. It's sunny.
The weather is good; the sea is becoming warmer.
The weather is grey.
The weather is hot.
The weather is indicating rain to come.
The weather is interfering with our plans.
The weather is just beautiful.
The weather is just perfect.
The weather is just right today.
The weather is looking good.
The weather is lovely and dry in the south-west today.
The weather is marvellous.
The weather is miserable.
The weather is more changeable in mountain regions than in any other district.
The weather is murky.
The weather is nasty, isn't it?
The weather is nice again.
The weather is nice and warm today.
The weather is nice here.
The weather is nice today, isn't it?
The weather is nice today.
The weather is nice tonight.
The weather is nice.
The weather is nicer today than yesterday.
The weather is not the only reason that flu declines in the Northern Hemisphere in summer. The school year plays a role, too.
The weather is perfect for a picnic.
The weather is perfect for hanging laundry outside to dry.
The weather is perfect to go out for a run.
The weather is perfect today.
The weather is poor. It's cold and raining.
The weather is quite dreary today.
The weather is quite lovely.
The weather is quite pleasantly cool.
The weather is rainy.
The weather is really bad.
The weather is really great!
The weather is really hot.
The weather is really impossible!
The weather is ruining our plans.
The weather is serene.
The weather is shit!
The weather is snowy today.
The weather is snowy.
The weather is so bad that you don't want to go outside.
The weather is so beautiful.
The weather is so cold that I can't feel my hands.
The weather is so hot, I just don't want to go out.
The weather is so hot.
The weather is so nice today.
The weather is so nice!
The weather is so oppressive.
The weather is somewhat warmer.
The weather is starting to cool down outside.
The weather is stormy.
The weather is sucking.
The weather is sunny and nice today.
The weather is sunny.
The weather is superb, and the sea is calm.
The weather is supposed to be nice.
The weather is supposed to go downhill starting this afternoon.
The weather is sure to be wet.
The weather is terrible today.
The weather is terrible.
The weather is threatening.
The weather is too cold for him.
The weather is too cold to swim in the sea.
The weather is truly marvellous.
The weather is truly oppressive.
The weather is turning nasty.
The weather is uncertain at this time of year.
The weather is unclear.
The weather is unfavorable for our athletic meet today.
The weather is unpleasant. It's cold and it's raining.
The weather is unseasonably cold.
The weather is unseasonably warm.
The weather is unusual today.
The weather is unusually cold.
The weather is usually hot in July.
The weather is very bad.
The weather is very changeable at this time of year.
The weather is very changeable here.
The weather is very cold in Istanbul.
The weather is very cool here because it rains often.
The weather is very dry because there is no rain.
The weather is very dry, it looks like it is not going to rain soon.
The weather is very fine today.
The weather is very hot today, so make sure to drink plenty of water.
The weather is very hot.
The weather is very windy.
The weather is warm and sunny today.
The weather is warm and sunny.
The weather is warm in spring.
The weather is warming up in Boston.
The weather is windy.
The weather is wonderful.
The weather isn't Christmassy at all.
The weather isn't bad at all today.
The weather isn't good.
The weather isn't nice. It's cold and it's raining.
The weather isn't so nice today.
The weather last fall was beautiful.
The weather look like rain right now.
The weather looks as if it could easily turn from rain to snow.
The weather looks as if it'll hold.
The weather looks good today.
The weather looks iffy today.
The weather looks like it is starting to take a turn. It's probably best if we bring some umbrellas.
The weather looks like it'll hold.
The weather looks like rain is coming.
The weather map shows that it won't rain this morning, but that there might be some rain late in the afternoon.
The weather of Japan is hotter than England's.
The weather on Venus is warm and overcast.
The weather outlook for tomorrow is not good.
The weather outside is awful. I think we'd better stay at home today.
The weather promises to clear up.
The weather prospect for the next days is not looking pretty at all.
The weather prospects for the coming days isn't looking good at all.
The weather really is lovely.
The weather remained rainy.
The weather report for tomorrow forecasts 12 degrees Celsius at most.
The weather report is bad.
The weather report is faulty.
The weather report is wrong.
The weather report said that it'll rain this afternoon, but I don't think it will.
The weather report said that there will be thunderstorms tomorrow evening.
The weather report says a blizzard is coming in later today.
The weather report says it will rain tomorrow afternoon.
The weather report says it'll rain tomorrow afternoon.
The weather report says it's supposed to get nice.
The weather report says we'll get three inches of snow.
The weather report was thoroughly wrong.
The weather seem like it's going to rain.
The weather seemed favorable for the test flight.
The weather service has issued a severe weather warning.
The weather service is warning of thick fog.
The weather service says it'll be really warm next summer.
The weather service says the widespread chill is the result of a relatively infrequent alignment of weather conditions, allowing the Arctic polar vortex to travel unusually far to the south.
The weather signs became uncertain.
The weather signs became unclear.
The weather started to improve.
The weather started worsening minute by minute.
The weather station issued a status update every 15 minutes on the hurricane barreling towards the Boston harbor.
The weather stayed bad.
The weather stayed cold for three weeks.
The weather stayed fine for three days.
The weather stayed hot for a few days.
The weather stayed hot for two weeks.
The weather sucks!
The weather sucks.
The weather suddenly changed.
The weather suddenly got warmer.
The weather system, nicknamed "Lucifer," has unleashed record temperatures, and on Thursday it was moving slowly west toward Spain and Portugal.
The weather there is crazy.
The weather this week has been good on the whole.
The weather this week has been pretty good.
The weather today is a bit better than yesterday.
The weather today is great, as it will be tomorrow.
The weather today is great, but lately it's been raining all the time.
The weather today is lovely.
The weather today is mingin'!
The weather today is minging!
The weather today is minging.
The weather today is more beautiful than yesterday's.
The weather today is much better than yesterday.
The weather today is rainy.
The weather today is showery.
The weather today is very hot because it is not raining.
The weather today is warm and sunny.
The weather today is wonderful.
The weather today is worse than yesterday.
The weather today's great, with no rain, clear skies, and a perfect temperature.
The weather today's super nice, perfect for doing laundry!
The weather turned bad.
The weather turned better.
The weather turned fair.
The weather vane points north.
The weather varies from day to day.
The weather varies from hour to hour.
The weather varies quite often.
The weather varies with seasons.
The weather was acting up.
The weather was and is our main topic of conversation.
The weather was as fine as it could be.
The weather was awful.
The weather was bad every day.
The weather was bad so the plane was delayed.
The weather was bad this weekend.
The weather was balmy.
The weather was beautiful and we stayed on the beach all day.
The weather was beautiful despite the cold.
The weather was beautiful today.
The weather was beautiful yesterday.
The weather was beautiful, and we stayed on the beach all day.
The weather was beautiful.
The weather was better in Argentina, though the path of the eclipse there went through sparsely populated areas of the Patagonia Desert.
The weather was bright and blustery.
The weather was cloudy.
The weather was cold and it rained a lot.
The weather was cold that day, and besides, it was raining.
The weather was delightful.
The weather was fantastic.
The weather was favorable, and the view, in Richter's opinion, far surpassed the much-vaunted panorama from the Krimmler Tauern.
The weather was fine, so we went fishing.
The weather was getting worse and worse as the day went on.
The weather was getting worse and worse.
The weather was gloomy.
The weather was going from bad to worse.
The weather was good at harvest.
The weather was good for the harvest.
The weather was good, so we ate on the porch.
The weather was gorgeous.
The weather was great just a moment ago. How is it suddenly raining now?
The weather was hot. And pretty humid.
The weather was ideal.
The weather was insane.
The weather was just beautiful today.
The weather was kind to us.
The weather was lenient.
The weather was lovely when I left home.
The weather was lovely.
The weather was magnificent.
The weather was mild.
The weather was miserable yesterday.
The weather was nice for a change.
The weather was nice yesterday.
The weather was not only cold, but also wet.
The weather was not only cold, it was also damp.
The weather was perfect yesterday.
The weather was perfect.
The weather was rainy.
The weather was really nice yesterday.
The weather was relatively cool.
The weather was so cold that the lake froze over.
The weather was still and overcast.
The weather was streaky.
The weather was terrible until yesterday.
The weather was terrible when we arrived in France, but after two days it changed completely and we had a wonderful holiday.
The weather was terrible.
The weather was terrific.
The weather was very bad yesterday.
The weather was very dry and hot when I went to Southern Arizona.
The weather was very good today.
The weather was very good.
The weather was very hot yesterday.
The weather was very nice today.
The weather was warm but rainy.
The weather was warm today.
The weather was way too nice to waste.
The weather was wonderful.
The weather wasn't favourable to us.
The weather wasn't so nice yesterday.
The weather will alternate back and forth from sunny to cloudy tomorrow.
The weather will be absolutely gorgeous if you wait long enough.
The weather will be brighter in the coming days.
The weather will be clear, followed by clouds later on.
The weather will be fair today.
The weather will be fine tomorrow.
The weather will be good tonight for sure.
The weather will be good.
The weather will be nice tomorrow.
The weather will be rainy tomorrow.
The weather will begin to calm down soon.
The weather will change for the worse this afternoon.
The weather will definitely be good tomorrow.
The weather will delay the start of the race.
The weather will fine up in the coming days.
The weather will get colder the coming days.
The weather will get sharpeningly colder as we're getting closer to the end of the year.
The weather will get worse in the evening.
The weather will improve eventually.
The weather will improve.
The weather will probably be fine tomorrow.
The weather will probably be nicer tomorrow.
The weather will probably clear up tomorrow.
The weather will remain cold for several days.
The weather will soon begin to calm down.
The weather won't be fine.
The weather won’t be fine.
The weather yesterday certainly was atrocious.
The weather yesterday was horrible.
The weather yesterday was ideal.
The weather yesterday was perfect.
The weather's bad today.
The weather's bad, isn't it?
The weather's bad. It's cold and rainy.
The weather's been great.
The weather's been nice so far.
The weather's been really bad.
The weather's been strange for the last few years.
The weather's been very good ever since.
The weather's best in the late spring.
The weather's better than yesterday.
The weather's better today than it was yesterday.
The weather's fine.
The weather's getting worse and worse.
The weather's good here, too.
The weather's good today, isn't it?
The weather's good today.
The weather's nice and it's my day off, so I'm going hiking.
The weather's nice and it's my day off; I want to go somewhere.
The weather's nice and it's our day off, so let's go on a picnic.
The weather's nice today.
The weather's nice, so I'm going to the pool.
The weather's nice.
The weather's nice. It's not raining.
The weather's not as good today as it was yesterday.
The weather's not good today.
The weather's not nice. It's cold and it's raining.
The weather's not that bad today.
The weather's not what they said it'd be.
The weather's pretty nice tonight.
The weather's rather jolly today.
The weather's really foul today!
The weather's really hot today.
The weather's so good I think I'll hang the laundry out to dry.
The weather's terrible.
The weather's too nice for staying in town.
The weather's too nice to stay in the city.
The weather's warm and sunny today.
The weather, indeed, affects bicycling more than any other sport.
The weatherman predicts snow for tonight.
The weatherman says a storm is coming.
The weatherman says it'll rain in the afternoon.
The weatherman says that it will rain in the afternoon.
The weatherman says that it'll rain in the afternoon.
The weatherman says that we'll have rain in the afternoon.
The weatherman says there is a storm on the way.
The weatherman says we'll have rain in the afternoon.
The weatherman says we’ll have rain in the afternoon.
The weatherman's forecast is almost certainly wrong.
The weathermen predict that there may be some rain tomorrow, but that, in any event, the weather is sure to be cold.
The weathervane on top of the barn swung wildly from side to side.
The weather’s rather jolly today.
The weather’s so good I think I’ll hang the laundry out to dry.
The web browser does not work.
The web browser doesn't work.
The web browser is not working.
The web browser isn't working.
The web goes slow when there are far too many people online.
The webcast included leaders from the United States and the African Union, as well as actors and musicians seeking to solicit donations from organizations and individuals. The effort aims to set the stage for the world to bounce back from the pandemic, addressing issues such as vaccine equity, world hunger, the climate crisis and international aid.
The webpage has frozen.
The website Tech Junkie reports that originally it was teens who used the app for sexting, but now people of all ages use it.
The website allows hate comments, as long as you justify why you're so angry.
The website crashed due to a spike in traffic.
The website displayed a small blurb of a blog post.
The website full of "receipts" does not show what it purports to, and is in fact riddled with mistakes.
The website has become a breeding ground for cyberbullies who consistently target Antonio with hurtful comments and derogatory remarks.
The website has turned into a hostile environment for Antonio, with individuals consistently targeting him with hurtful and offensive messages.
The website is already available in 7 languages, and we hope to introduce new options in the coming weeks.
The website is down.
The website is filled with heavily censored depictions of what are ostensibly violent and pornographic incidents as means of shock value.
The website is lagging.
The website is updated automatically.
The website is visited over 30 million times a day.
The website looks good.
The website manager is very busy.
The website needs an overhaul.
The website seems to celebrate Billy's contribution to the English corpus, hailing it as impressive work. Meanwhile, when Dmitri innocently shares his example sentences, he's unjustly condemned for spamming.
The website still loads.
The website suffered a denial of service attack from 4chan.
The website was all in Berber.
The website was anything but user friendly.
The website was down for maintenance.
The website was undergoing maintenance.
The website wasn't letting me submit my homework.
The website you told me about was very interesting and also useful.
The website's community perpetuated discrimination through exclusionary and prejudiced behavior towards Rodrigo.
The website's tagline has to let people know what that business does and how it differs from the competition.
The websites of some predatory publishers look credible.
The website’s tagline has to let people know what that business does and how it differs from the competition.
The wedding announcements, did you mail them?
The wedding announcements, did you send them?
The wedding cake didn't taste very good.
The wedding cake was great.
The wedding ceremony happened last night.
The wedding ceremony took place last night.
The wedding ceremony was performed in the morning.
The wedding ceremony was shorter than Tom expected it to be.
The wedding ceremony will be held regardless of the weather.
The wedding feast continued for three days in all.
The wedding festivities lasted for eight days.
The wedding is going to be quite an event.
The wedding is in a fortnight.
The wedding is in three weeks.
The wedding is in two weeks' time.
The wedding is in two weeks.
The wedding is less than three months away.
The wedding is off.
The wedding is on a boat.
The wedding is still a few days away.
The wedding is taking place at the register office.
The wedding is taking place at the registry office.
The wedding is tomorrow.
The wedding of the Romans is over.
The wedding photos are very clear.
The wedding reception was held in a marquee erected in the grounds of a stately home.
The wedding reception was held in the community centre.
The wedding reception will take place in Montmartre.
The wedding ring fits perfectly.
The wedding ring is a bravery award, worn on the finger.
The wedding takes place on Saturday.
The wedding took place at ten.
The wedding took place at the Ritz Hotel.
The wedding took place in the Ritz Hotel.
The wedding was a lavish affair.
The wedding was canceled at the last minute.
The wedding was canceled.
The wedding was cancelled at the last minute.
The wedding was delayed because the couple had forgotten to get a marriage license.
The wedding was held last week.
The wedding was moved.
The wedding was only a few days away.
The wedding was put off.
The wedding was scarcely over, when the step-mother's bad temper began to show itself. She could not bear the goodness of this young girl, because it made her own daughters appear the more odious.
The wedding will be held in a 17th century church.
The wedding will be in three weeks.
The wedding will be nice.
The wedding will take place at the end of October.
The wedding will take place in Boston.
The wedding will take place in three months.
The wedding will take place next spring.
The wedding will take place on Saturday.
The wedding's been called off.
The weed store doesn't open until 3pm.
The weeds began to sprout up along with the seeds.
The weeds have completely overtaken the garden bed.
The weeds have really taken off after all the rain.
The weeds learned to avoid the forests where wood-nymphs dwelt.
The weeds made paddling nearly impossible.
The weeds were about a head taller than Ziri.
The week before Christmas, many stores stay open late.
The week before emancipation day the women love to wear a headdress.
The week flew by.
The week has just begun.
The week in Russia has been awesome.
The week is finally over.
The week is over.
The week of tragedies isn't over yet.
The week went by quickly.
The week's just getting started.
The week-long power outage didn't stop aspiring novelist Tom Jackson from writing his draft, no siree! He simply got out a journal, sat down, and decided to handwrite the rest of the darn thing!
The weekdays are: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday.
The weekend begins!
The weekend can't come quick enough.
The weekend is here.
The weekend went by too fast.
The weeklong meeting got off to a rocky start. One day after it began, it was temporarily suspended because four members of the committee had tested positive for COVID-19. The talks resumed after a two-day break when new tests apparently indicated the earlier tests were false positives, although those four members attended the talks virtually after that.
The weekly appears on Thursday.
The weekly circular showed that local sweet corn was on sale at $2.00 for 6 ears.
The weeks flee like dreams.
The weeks pass like dreams.
The weight is decreasing.
The weight is too heavy for me to carry.
The weight of a package minus its contents is the packaging weight or the tare weight.
The weight of aluminium in the Earth's crust corresponds to 8.13% of the total weight.
The weight of an object submerged in liquid is reduced by the weight of liquid it displaces.
The weight of my secret feels unbearable.
The weight of our unspoken words is heavy.
The weight of sadness surrounds me, as I realize my feelings have changed completely.
The weight of structures on the delta, decreased upstream sediment flows and natural compaction are also contributing factors to the loss of delta land, he said.
The weight of the bag is important because you pay twice as much if it is over ten kilos.
The weight of the donkey, the trick of the wolf.
The weight of the snow broke the branches.
The weight of the world is a dangerous thing to try to bear. Take only a small fraction, and the rest of it will soon follow - crushing you.
The weight of the world is slowly lifting off my shoulders.
The weight of their expectations is a heavy burden.
The weight of these apples is two kilos.
The weight-bearing capacity of this bridge is ten tonnes only.
The weightlessness in space can be disorienting for new astronauts.
The weights were so heavy that the barbell started to bend.
The weird cop wasn't there anymore.
The weird noise started again.
The welcome rain has extinguished all the bushfires. Now floods are predicted.
The welfare of the farmer is vital to that of the whole country.
The welfare state is not really about the welfare of the masses. It is about the egos of the elites.
The well being of the nation is the government's responsibility.
The well being of the nation is the government’s responsibility.
The well delivers a great deal of oil.
The well documented violent nature of humanity is rather perplexing at first until one realizes that humans are merely slightly more intelligent animals.
The well dried up.
The well has long since dried up.
The well has run dry.
The well is a hundred metres ahead.
The well is a hundred metres further on.
The well is almost dry.
The well is at least 5 miles to the north. Take this bucket, it's a little heavy, but I think that it won't be too hard for you to make those trips.
The well is built of stone.
The well is dry now.
The well is dry.
The well is forty meters deep.
The well is in the middle of this plaza.
The well ran dry.
The well regularly collapses.
The well was so deep that the bottom could not be seen.
The well-known 80/20 rules applies in that 20% of articles may account for 80% of the citations.
The well-known poet attempted to commit suicide in his study.
The well-known social networking sites Facebook and Twitter operate under the United States Constitution and California state law.
The well-preserved bones led its early 20th-century excavators to posit that the site marked a burial ground created by a predecessor to early modern humans.
The well-spoken man claimed to be a pilgrim, but he was actually a spy for the bandits.
The were hiding in the closet.
The werewolf killed a group of hobos.
The werewolf passed by without noticing David.
The werewolf realized it was vastly outnumbered.
The werewolf scratched the table twice.
The west is nice this time of year.
The west of Taiwan is densely populated, while the east is mostly mountains.
The western part of Western Sahara is illegally controlled by Morocco.
The western part of Western Sahara is illegally occupied by Morocco.
The western sky glowed with crimson.
The western sky glows crimson.
The western state of Wyoming was once a trailhead for cattle about to be shipped east.
The western tendency to haste has become widespread in the east as well.
The wet climate did not agree with his constitution.
The wet clothes stick to my skin.
The wet dirt damped the noise of Ziri's advance.
The wet floor is very slippery.
The wet shirt should be dry soon.
The wet shirt will soon dry up.
The wet soil in the garden will dry off nicely under the sun.
The wet vase left a mark on the table.
The wetlands serve as crucial breeding grounds for many fish species.
The whale belongs to the zoological order of mammals.
The whale called out to its pod.
The whale doesn't lay eggs, because it's a mammal.
The whale has been found off the coast of Wakayama.
The whale is a mammal.
The whale is a very large mammal that lives in the sea.
The whale is a very large mammal which lives in the sea.
The whale is a very large mammal who lives in the sea.
The whale is not a fish but a mammal.
The whale is surrounded with a dizzying collection of similarly updated material, 750 sea creature models, high-definition video projections, interactive computer stations, and 14 renovated life-size dioramas, including elephant seals on Mexico's Guadalupe Island, an Arctic polar bear, and a dolphin feeding frenzy.
The whale is the largest animal on Earth.
The whale is the largest animal on the earth.
The whale is well known to be the largest mammal.
The whale shark does not pose any danger to humans.
The whale shark doesn't pose any danger to humans.
The whale shark feeds on plankton.
The whale shark is a filter feeder.
The whale shark is the largest shark in the world.
The whale was found off the coast of Wakayama.
The whales are big and the insects are small.
The whales are susceptible to ship strikes and entanglements in fishing gear.
The wharf was always busy, even when the ships had yet to arrive.
The whatchamacallit in the kitchen is making a strange noise again.
The wheat crop bears a good harvest every year.
The wheat field is there.
The wheat fields are a golden yellow, and the sky an azure blue.
The wheat fields stretch out for miles.
The wheat grew and eventually ripened.
The wheat is coming very well this year.
The wheat is high this year.
The wheat is ready for harvest.
The wheat sways like the sea when the wind blows over it.
The wheat was harvested in the fall.
The wheat will be ripe.
The wheel began to roll slowly.
The wheel began to turn.
The wheel came off.
The wheel couldn't be fixed.
The wheel doesn't turn.
The wheel is spinning, but the hamster is already dead.
The wheel of Fortune turns.
The wheel revolves.
The wheel that squeaks the loudest is the one that gets the grease.
The wheels are already in motion.
The wheels are sinking into the sand.
The wheels are turning and nothing can stop them.
The wheels got all muddy.
The wheels of justice can move slowly.
The wheels of justice turn slowly but grind exceedingly fine.
The wheels of justice turn slowly.
The wheels of the truck are just centimeters from the edge of the cliff.
The wheels turned around.
The wheels were turning.
The whereabouts of Ken's notorious dog is an issue well beyond Ken's ken.
The whereabouts of Ken’s notorious dog is an issue well beyond Ken’s ken.
The whereabouts of the suspect is still unknown.
The whey is in the fridge.
The whiff of smelly feet indicated that Tom was at home.
The whip left welts on my back.
The whip smacks against his back.
The whirl uprooted trees and tore roofs from homes, Dykema said.
The whiskey has been watered down.
The whiskey was horrible.
The whispers Kalman heard weren't saying anything that he could make out.
The whispers have ceased.
The whispers were just murmurings.
The whistle blew.
The whistle of the steam train woke us at daybreak.
The whistle seemed to be coming from all directions.
The whistling of the wind through the rigging sounded like funereal wailings.
The whistling of wind and the anger of thunder are the loud language of nature.
The white area is visible from space.
The white ball weighs as much as the red ball.
The white ball weighs as much as the red one.
The white blood cells are filtered out so that they do not attack the body of their new host.
The white boat went down the stream.
The white building was destroyed by the earthquake.
The white cat is under the tree.
The white curtains flutter in the breeze in a heavy, lazy motion, like waves.
The white drapery does not blend with the black wall.
The white flowers need water.
The white fox lives in the Arctic.
The white horse is taller than the black one.
The white horse is yours.
The white house is antique.
The white houses are very tall.
The white knight on f3 was pinned by the black bishop on g4, but it jumped and captured a black knight on e5, which allowed the black bishop to take the white queen on d1. It was a beautiful intuitive sacrifice. White won the game.
The white parasol is hers.
The white pawn took the black pawn "en passant".
The white pigeon is the symbol of peace.
The white poplar was uprooted.
The white rabbit was invisible in the snow.
The white rabbit wasn't visible in the snow.
The white roses are very beautiful.
The white sandy beach is very beautiful.
The white shark frequently attains, in the tropical seas, the length of more than 30 feet.
The white sheets on the bed were stained with blood.
The white snow covered the red roofs.
The white snow has covered the red roofs.
The white spots on Saturn are believed to be powerful storms.
The white stone was almost surrounded. It was adjacent to only one unoccupied point. Thus, the stone had only one liberty.
The white stone was placed at a point where it would have no liberty if the neighboring black stone were not removed. But by playing that move White captured the black stone, which will have to be removed from the board. Therefore the move was legal.
The white swan, the goose and the duck swim; the Cormorant dives. To these can be added the water hen, the pelican and so on.
The white towels are stained.
The white umbrella is yours.
The white wine should be colder.
The white wolf stared up at the moon and, opening his mouth wide, howled with all his might.
The white wool, if it was the lion and not the lamb that yields it, few will be those who will wear a burnous.
The white yacht was gliding over the sea.
The white, snowy cloths, the rich window-hangings, the warm tints of the walls, the sparkle of the fire in the steel grate, gave the room an air of elegance and cheerfulness.
The white-lace girl kept talking audibly to her next neighbor about the "country bumpkins" and "rustic belles" in the audience.
The white-throated needletail is the fastest bird in horizontal flight.
The whiteboard is blank.
The whiteness of the lily is a symbol of purity.
The whole Baltic coast of Poland is made up of sandy beaches.
The whole Earth is a jail for humanity. People haven't yet escaped it.
The whole Earth was shocked.
The whole Mississippi river basin from the Gulf of Mexico and up to the Great Lakes area used to be French territory.
The whole affair lasted for just a moment.
The whole apartment is at our disposal.
The whole approach of the US foreign policy is wrong-headed and dangerous.
The whole aquarium was empty.
The whole area became one big building site.
The whole area got flooded.
The whole area is smoking restricted.
The whole area was flooded when the main burst.
The whole area was surrounded by a cornfield.
The whole audience erupted in laughter.
The whole audience got up and started to applaud.
The whole audience sang along with us.
The whole audience started to laugh at Ziri.
The whole bike had been painted, from the handlebars to the fuel tank.
The whole body hurts me!
The whole bridge began to sway.
The whole bridge collapsed.
The whole bridge fell down.
The whole bridge started swaying.
The whole bridge started to sway.
The whole building has been put at our disposal.
The whole building has collapsed.
The whole building shook.
The whole building was deserted.
The whole building was shaking.
The whole city burned.
The whole city is aware.
The whole city is covered with snow.
The whole city is going to hate you.
The whole city is in panic.
The whole city is in shock.
The whole city knows about it.
The whole city knows it.
The whole city was deprived of water.
The whole city was devastated by water.
The whole city was getting a facelift.
The whole city was in flames.
The whole city was put on lockdown.
The whole city was under water.
The whole class began to laugh at his joke.
The whole class broke into song.
The whole class burst into laughter at the teacher's joke.
The whole class burst into laughter at the teacher’s joke.
The whole class burst out laughing at Tom's joke.
The whole class burst out laughing.
The whole class immediately turned around and stared at Vladimir.
The whole class is ashamed.
The whole class is present once a week.
The whole class is present today.
The whole class laughed at Tom's joke.
The whole class laughed at Tom.
The whole class laughed at her joke.
The whole class laughed at his joke.
The whole class looked at Tom.
The whole class made fun of me because I didn't know how to play basketball.
The whole class passed the exam.
The whole class passed the test.
The whole class stared at Tom.
The whole class stared at her.
The whole class stared at him.
The whole class took the test.
The whole class was looking at me.
The whole class was quiet.
The whole college has seen David's video.
The whole community is behind this plan.
The whole community was involved in the cleanup.
The whole company stood in silence for a few moments, as a tribute to the dead.
The whole company were surprised at the youth's skill.
The whole computer is a giant infection.
The whole country is in mourning.
The whole country is talking about it.
The whole country is watching us.
The whole country mourned his death.
The whole country of China follows a single standard time.
The whole country talks about it.
The whole country was buried under snow.
The whole country was covered in snow.
The whole country was covered with snow.
The whole country was excited by the news.
The whole country was subject to the caprices of a madman.
The whole county is favoring critical budget revisions which promise to protect education.
The whole crew is on board.
The whole crew left except for Tom.
The whole crew was saved.
The whole crowd applauded Gabor and Martha.
The whole crowd joined in the chant.
The whole crowd started chanting.
The whole dandelion plant is edible.
The whole day, I ran around like a hamster in a wheel. I got as tired as a dog.
The whole earth is the sepulchre of famous men.
The whole economy in this town depends on the defense industry.
The whole education system is no longer useful.
The whole experience made Matthew admire Linda even more.
The whole experiment was recorded on film.
The whole family are having breakfast on the balcony.
The whole family came to the cabin.
The whole family can fight.
The whole family conspired to hide the huge surprise birthday party from Mary.
The whole family disapproved of the marriage.
The whole family followed Ziri there.
The whole family frowned on the match.
The whole family gathered around the big Christmas tree.
The whole family got out of the car.
The whole family got together for Christmas.
The whole family had fun, singing and dancing their Italian dances.
The whole family helped harvest the wheat.
The whole family is enjoying good health.
The whole family is out for a walk.
The whole family is quite a mess.
The whole family is stressed.
The whole family is together again.
The whole family set off on the trip.
The whole family was against this marriage.
The whole family was opposed to this marriage.
The whole family was out harvesting the corn.
The whole family was sick in bed.
The whole family was sitting around the campfire.
The whole family was there.
The whole family went to the beach.
The whole field is covered in snow.
The whole floor is laid with fitted carpet.
The whole forest smelt horribly of death.
The whole forest was about four hundred acres.
The whole framework was made of iron.
The whole future is just around the corner.
The whole game is based on a fight against death, nature, and most importantly fate.
The whole government has resigned.
The whole group is laughing.
The whole group was punished for Tom's mistake.
The whole horizon glowed with the light of the fire.
The whole house dates back to the beginning of the 16th century.
The whole house was carpeted.
The whole house was filled with guests.
The whole house was ill in bed.
The whole house was shaking.
The whole idea is abhorrent to me.
The whole idea of normality is puzzling to me.
The whole incident left a most ugly impression upon my mind.
The whole is greater than the sum of its parts.
The whole is greater than the sum of the parts.
The whole is more than the sum of its parts.
The whole is worth more than the parts.
The whole island was a wasteland of ice, whipped by freezing storms, and bleached skeletons were the only signs of the life that had once been there.
The whole meadow is carpeted with fallen apples.
The whole meadow is full of dandelions.
The whole meadow is mine.
The whole meadow is strewn with fallen apples.
The whole meal was good but the wine in particular was excellent.
The whole modern world has divided itself into Conservatives and Progressives. The business of Progressives is to go on making mistakes. The business of Conservatives is to prevent the mistakes from being corrected.
The whole month was cold and grey.
The whole mountain changed shape.
The whole mountain turns red in autumn.
The whole nation cringed before this dictator in fear.
The whole nation is moving like one body.
The whole nation is waging a war against poverty.
The whole nation mourned the hero's death.
The whole nation mourned the hero’s death.
The whole nation voted in the election.
The whole nation wants peace.
The whole nation was sad to hear that their king died.
The whole nature, even in what is considered unsightly, is, for those who feel, who are sincerely moved, a source of eternal and ever new beauty.
The whole neighborhood mourned his death.
The whole neighborhood speaks ill of them.
The whole neighborhood supported the drive.
The whole neighborhood was surprised at the news.
The whole neighborhood was surprised at this news.
The whole neighbourhood was surprised by the news.
The whole night was ruined by the fight between Tom and Mary.
The whole northern semicircle between east and west, to a distance of forty or fifty miles, spread itself before him; a bluer, moister atmosphere, evidently, than that he breathed up here.
The whole of Algiers is becoming a construction zone.
The whole of the sky to the right was illuminated by the setting sun.
The whole office cheered for Dmitri.
The whole office knew about that.
The whole operation was very above board.
The whole outside of your house, your neighbourhood, is like a big living room, and you don't have to pay for it. Walk around!
The whole passed so suddenly, and arose so much out of the immediate impulse of the moment, that before the Master of Ravenswood could reflect upon the consequences of the step which he had taken, their lips, as well as their hands, had pledged the sincerity of their affection.
The whole place got quiet.
The whole place has changed.
The whole place was covered in snow.
The whole place was dead.
The whole place was filled with pills.
The whole place was in a state of panic.
The whole place was lit up.
The whole place was shaking.
The whole place was simply blotted out with the snow.
The whole place was turned upside down, drawers burst open, and presses ransacked, with the result that an odd volume of Pope's 'Homer,' two plated candlesticks, an ivory letter-weight, a small oak barometer, and a ball of twine are all that have vanished.
The whole plan is coming apart.
The whole plan is falling apart.
The whole plan is only based on his personal opinions.
The whole point of wearing a mask is to protect the people around you.
The whole police force was around Ziri's house with their guns drawn.
The whole polyglot ghetto started to cry.
The whole polyglot ghetto watched a marionette show in the square.
The whole population of New Zealand is 3,410,000, and one seventh of it are the Maori people.
The whole population turned out in welcome.
The whole power structure is tottering.
The whole press is talking about it.
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts.
The whole process lasts several months.
The whole process takes several months.
The whole process will take months.
The whole property of Fyodor belongs to Rima by law.
The whole puzzle came together.
The whole region became one big construction site.
The whole restaurant erupted in applause.
The whole ride to Algiers was filled with stories about Algeria's war of independence.
The whole roof was a window, and she could look out at the sky: sometimes the loveliest clouds drifted over, and sometimes the dearest little bird flew past, no doubt on its way to the park.
The whole room became silent.
The whole room suddenly filled with light.
The whole room went silent as the timer counted down the last few minutes.
The whole school agreed to the proposal.
The whole school is here seen in epitome: the “stoker” typifies the student toiling at the forge, and in the polished engine, exhibiting both grace and power in its automatic action, we see the student’s graduating project, a machine, the joint creation of brain, eye, and hand.
The whole school turned out to welcome Tom back.
The whole school was panicking.
The whole school was there.
The whole school would laugh at Ziri.
The whole secret in prolonging his life lay in not shortening it.
The whole ship was quarantined.
The whole show had run smoothly.
The whole situation just pissed me off.
The whole situation was a mess.
The whole sky had looked like gold, she said, and as for the clouds! well, their beauty was beyond description, they floated in red and violet splendour over her head, and, far faster than they went, a flock of wild swans flew like a long white veil over the water toward the setting sun.
The whole sky had looked like gold.
The whole sky lit up and there was an explosion.
The whole soccer team was on cloud nine after winning the championship.
The whole square was covered with snow.
The whole stadium was orange.
The whole store was empty.
The whole story is shrouded in mystery.
The whole story spilled out.
The whole story was a lie.
The whole street knows that Yanni and Skura are on bad terms.
The whole struck her as so ridiculous that, despite every effort to the contrary, she burst into a fit of incontrollable laughter, in which she was joined by her father, though with more moderation, and finally by the Master of Ravenswood himself, though conscious that the jest was at his own expense.
The whole struck her as so ridiculous that, despite every effort to the contrary, she burst into a fit of incontrollable laughter.
The whole surgery took twenty minutes.
The whole system is distorted.
The whole system would break down.
The whole tape was recorded in one session.
The whole team got sick.
The whole team needs to be there.
The whole team sucks, but Tom is the worst of them all.
The whole team was in seventh heaven after winning the football championship.
The whole team was on cloud nine after winning the football championship.
The whole theater got brighter.
The whole thing could be a lie.
The whole thing didn't fit.
The whole thing doesn't make sense.
The whole thing gives me a headache.
The whole thing is about to collapse.
The whole thing is amazing.
The whole thing is contradictory.
The whole thing is just flummoxing to me.
The whole thing is my fault.
The whole thing is off.
The whole thing is very confusing.
The whole thing lasted only a moment.
The whole thing looked odd.
The whole thing looks difficult, and it is.
The whole thing occurred in a moment—so quickly that I had no time to realize it.
The whole thing only lasted a moment.
The whole thing seemed depressingly futile.
The whole thing sounded suspicious.
The whole thing stinks to high heaven!
The whole thing turned into a bloodbath.
The whole thing turned out to be a Ponzi scheme.
The whole thing was a lie.
The whole thing was a setup.
The whole thing was caught on CCTV.
The whole thing was just a hornswoggle.
The whole thing was so weird.
The whole thing was wonderful.
The whole thing weighs seven kilos.
The whole time she kept weaving the napkin.
The whole time, all I thought about was that.
The whole town accorded a hearty welcome to the visitor.
The whole town has cable TV.
The whole town is here to see your show.
The whole town is looking for me.
The whole town is talking about it.
The whole town knows about it.
The whole town knows of it.
The whole town lay in darkness.
The whole town lay sleeping.
The whole town mourned Sami's death.
The whole town was amazed.
The whole town was blown out.
The whole town was covered in snow.
The whole town was destroyed by a fire.
The whole town was destroyed by the earthquake.
The whole town was in a ferment.
The whole town was in an uproar.
The whole town was in darkness.
The whole town was under water.
The whole town was very clean.
The whole town will know!
The whole town's talking about Tom and Mary.
The whole town's talking about it.
The whole tribe was there.
The whole valley can be seen from this clearing.
The whole valley is covered with yellow dandelions.
The whole village came out to greet him.
The whole village came out to welcome Tom.
The whole village came out to welcome him.
The whole village is going to have a long laugh.
The whole village is proud of the new school.
The whole village knows the man well.
The whole village was consumed by the fire.
The whole village was dark and deserted. The stores were closed, the doors, the windows. In the streets, not even a dog could be seen. It seemed the Village of the Dead.
The whole village was laid flat by the earthquake.
The whole village was there.
The whole village will laugh for a long time.
The whole work is written in blank verse.
The whole world can be destroyed in a nuclear war.
The whole world consists of four elements which are the basic ingredients of all bodies.
The whole world could be destroyed by an atomic war.
The whole world could be destroyed in a nuclear war.
The whole world craves peace.
The whole world doesn't speak English.
The whole world has become so heartless and such a cold-blooded place.
The whole world has gone crazy.
The whole world hungers for peace.
The whole world is a very narrow bridge. The main thing is to fear nothing.
The whole world is actually being run over by all Capricorns.
The whole world is against me.
The whole world is at my feet.
The whole world is behaving like it's crazy.
The whole world is being dominated by all Capricorns.
The whole world is denouncing US hegemony in world politics.
The whole world is fed up of the US hegemony in world politics.
The whole world is in love with Brazil.
The whole world is laughing.
The whole world is my fatherland.
The whole world is my home.
The whole world is my homeland.
The whole world is off its rocker.
The whole world is on fire.
The whole world is one country, every person is your cousin.
The whole world is opening up to you when you own a mobile phone.
The whole world is talking about forest dieback.
The whole world is watching the summit conference.
The whole world is watching us.
The whole world is watching.
The whole world knows his name.
The whole world knows it.
The whole world knows that.
The whole world knows the truth.
The whole world longs for peace.
The whole world loves Brazil.
The whole world needs to tackle the problem of climate change together.
The whole world should appreciate her beauty.
The whole world speaks English.
The whole world understands my language.
The whole world was involved in the war.
The whole world went crazy.
The whole world will be changed.
The whole world will be mobilized to stop them.
The whole world will find out about her.
The whole world will know about her.
The whole world will know about this soon.
The whole world will know the truth.
The whole world will know.
The whole world's going crazy.
The whole world's in our hands.
The whole world's watching.
The wholesalers might try to back out of the deal.
The wicked Haman tried to wipe out all of the Jews in the kingdom of Persia.
The wicked are the most suspicious.
The wicked get no rest.
The wicked man is scared of heights.
The wicked step-mother was taken before the judge, and put into a barrel filled with boiling oil and venomous snakes, and died an evil death.
The wicked witch cast a spell on the man and turned him into a bug.
The wicked witch cast an evil spell on the man and turned him into an insect.
The wicked witch disguised herself as a pitiful, old woman to deceive the princess.
The wicked witch pushed her into the deep water.
The wide blade or the third prong is provided for your safety.
The wide range of products on offer really means that there is something for everyone.
The wide receiver takes a handoff directly from the quarterback.
The wide river was next to a big city.
The wider range of animals flagged as potential carriers of the disease includes more than 60 species of animals.
The wider the V angle, the slower the speed.
The widespread application of administrative guidance is considered to be a uniquely Japanese practice in which bureaucrats exert authority, without any legal backing, telling the private sector what to do and what not to do.
The widespread extinction of animal and plant species is creating problems.
The widget that overcomes Web-Marketing’s weaknesses.
The widow had the gravestone inscribed with the words "Rest in Peace – till we meet again."
The widow had to get through a lot of hardships.
The widow had two daughters.
The widow mourned for her husband for a long time.
The widow mourned her husband for a long time.
The widow suffered from stomach cancer.
The widow was dressed in black.
The widow's husband died five years ago.
The widowed mother had to go through a lot of hardships.
The width of the river is fifty metres.
The width of the road is insufficient for safe driving.
The wiener dog got loose.
The wife and son of the statesman died three years ago.
The wife called her husband.
The wife denied everything.
The wife has an aged husband.
The wife murderer claimed that the scratch marks on his face were the result of his cutting himself while shaving.
The wife of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has tested positive for the virus.
The wife of a missing man has delivered a heartfelt plea to the public for information on his whereabouts.
The wife of your son is your daughter-in-law.
The wife only knows how to cook rice.
The wife ordered little challas this time, and you don't argue with the wife.
The wife stood up from her chair. She then looked at the door.
The wife was cycling.
The wife was grumbling at her husband.
The wifi connection was spotty at times and the parking was limited.
The wilaya of Algiers is Algeria's most populous region.
The wilaya of Algiers, where Algeria's capital is located, is the country's smallest wilaya.
The wild and windy night that the rain washed away.
The wild beasts all gather.
The wild boar is rooting around in the forest.
The wild boars ate acorns.
The wild boars ate some acorns.
The wild boars devoured the acorns.
The wild dogs came running through the field and attacked the small child without warning.
The wild elephant destroyed everything that came in his way.
The wild horse was finally broken by the patient trainer.
The wild wind was blowing.
The wilderness of the Sahara Desert is an unforgiving climate.
The wildest colt makes the best horse.
The wildfire didn't reach our property.
The wildfire raged across the dry fields.
The wildfire ravaged our property.
The wildfire swept through the forest, leaving a trail of destruction in its wake.
The will is as good as the deed.
The will is free; strong is the soul, and wise, and beautiful. The seeds of god-like power are in us still. Gods are we, bards, saints, heroes, if we will!
The will is seen as a thing done.
The will of the people is what counts in every election.
The will of the people shall be the basis of the authority of government; this will shall be expressed in periodic and genuine elections which shall be by universal and equal suffrage and shall be held by secret vote or by equivalent free voting procedures.
The will was declared void by the court.
The willow branches are swaying in the autumn wind.
The willow branches swayed gently in the breeze.
The willow has leaned towards the basin to glean a drop of water but found nothing there.
The willow is old.
The win felt amazing.
The win is still not in the bag.
The win-loss record between Yamada and me is fifty-fifty.
The wind abated a little.
The wind and rain combined to make a terrible storm.
The wind and rain put out the fire.
The wind and the rain put out the fire.
The wind and tide impelled the ship to the shore.
The wind became stronger.
The wind began to blow.
The wind began to howl.
The wind bit her cheeks.
The wind blew Mary's dress up.
The wind blew Mennad's umbrella away.
The wind blew Tom's hat off.
The wind blew a few snowflakes through the open window, and icy air filled the room.
The wind blew against the sail.
The wind blew all day.
The wind blew and took away everything in the yard.
The wind blew at a speed of 120 kilometres an hour.
The wind blew even harder when we reached the top of the hill.
The wind blew hard.
The wind blew harder yet when we reached the top of the hill.
The wind blew her hair into her eyes.
The wind blew her hat off.
The wind blew his hair back.
The wind blew his hat off.
The wind blew in from sea.
The wind blew in gusts.
The wind blew itself out.
The wind blew my hat off.
The wind blew out our last candle.
The wind blew out the candles.
The wind blew so hard that the windowpanes rattled.
The wind blew so strongly today, that a tree was knocked over.
The wind blew softly through the trees, smelling like pine.
The wind blew softly.
The wind blew strongly.
The wind blew the branches of the tree crosswise, making it sway.
The wind blew the door shut.
The wind blew the dust from the balcony.
The wind blew the dust.
The wind blew the fence over.
The wind blew the hat right off Adriano's head.
The wind blew the nest off the tree branch.
The wind blew the roofs off the houses.
The wind blew the sand into Adriano's eyes.
The wind blew the trees over.
The wind blew the umbrella out of her hand.
The wind blew the umbrella out of my hand.
The wind blew the weather vane off the roof.
The wind blew through the trees, rustling the leaves and making them dance.
The wind blew too hard for them to play in the park.
The wind blew up her skirt.
The wind blew very hard in March this year.
The wind blows 'ff ff'.
The wind blows against the sails.
The wind blows and the flags flutter.
The wind blows constantly.
The wind blows from the east.
The wind blows from the west.
The wind blows in the willows.
The wind blows south.
The wind blows strongly.
The wind blows very hard at this time of the year.
The wind blows wherever it pleases.
The wind blows.
The wind brought down a large number of trees.
The wind brought the scent of freshly cut grass.
The wind brought this tree down.
The wind calmed down in the evening.
The wind calmed down.
The wind calmed, and Adriano felt at peace.
The wind carried her words away.
The wind carried the balloons away.
The wind carried the scent of barbecue.
The wind carried the scent of blooming flowers.
The wind carried the scent of the ocean.
The wind carried the sound of a distant train.
The wind carried the sound of laughter.
The wind carried the sound of music.
The wind carries ancient wisdom.
The wind carries away what I say.
The wind carries her thoughts.
The wind carries hope to those who seek it.
The wind carries memories.
The wind carries secrets.
The wind carries seeds for great distances.
The wind carries the promises of tomorrow.
The wind carries the scent of hope.
The wind carries truth.
The wind carries whispers.
The wind caught Adriano's breath.
The wind caught the petals and carried them away.
The wind caused the goose to fly off course.
The wind ceased and not even the smallest leaf moved on the trees.
The wind changed direction.
The wind changed directions.
The wind changed.
The wind chimes sound melodic now and then.
The wind chimes tinkled in the breeze.
The wind continued.
The wind cooled Adriano's sweaty face.
The wind didn't stop.
The wind died away.
The wind died down by the evening.
The wind died down.
The wind died.
The wind dies down.
The wind drifted the sand.
The wind drifted the snow.
The wind drove off the gnats.
The wind drove the sand.
The wind encounters no natural obstacles on the plateau.
The wind failed us.
The wind fanned the flames.
The wind farm produced clean energy.
The wind feels great today.
The wind feels nice today.
The wind filled the sails of the boat.
The wind filled the sails.
The wind filled their coat hoods.
The wind gently kissed the trees.
The wind gently rocked the boat.
The wind goes toward the south, and turns around to the north. It turns around continually as it goes, and the wind returns again to its courses.
The wind goeth toward the south, and turneth about unto the north; it whirleth about continually, and the wind returneth again according to his circuits.
The wind got stronger and stronger.
The wind got stronger.
The wind gradually died away.
The wind gradually died down.
The wind grew cooler.
The wind grew stronger and stronger.
The wind grew stronger.
The wind had died down.
The wind has abated.
The wind has blown wheelie bins into the street.
The wind has brought trees down.
The wind has calmed down.
The wind has changed directions.
The wind has died down.
The wind has dropped.
The wind has fallen.
The wind has gotten stronger.
The wind has grown stronger.
The wind has shifted.
The wind has started picking up.
The wind has started to blow.
The wind he gave off smells.
The wind howled through the night.
The wind howled through the trees.
The wind howled.
The wind hums ancient songs.
The wind hums forgotten songs.
The wind hums through the leaves, ancient and wise.
The wind hums through the trees, ancient and wise.
The wind in November is chilly.
The wind in this area is just insane.
The wind inflated their coat hoods.
The wind is abating.
The wind is beginning to blow.
The wind is blowing a thick cloud of dust along the path.
The wind is blowing and the fruit knows: It's time to fall down.
The wind is blowing and the fruit knows: It’s time to fall down.
The wind is blowing at an incredible speed.
The wind is blowing east.
The wind is blowing from north to south.
The wind is blowing from the east.
The wind is blowing from the north.
The wind is blowing from the northeast.
The wind is blowing from the sea.
The wind is blowing from the south.
The wind is blowing from the southwest.
The wind is blowing from the west.
The wind is blowing hard now.
The wind is blowing hard right now.
The wind is blowing hard.
The wind is blowing harder and harder.
The wind is blowing into my face.
The wind is blowing like crazy.
The wind is blowing on the grass.
The wind is blowing really hard.
The wind is blowing south.
The wind is blowing underneath the door.
The wind is blowing very hard.
The wind is blowing violently.
The wind is blowing, and the flags are fluttering.
The wind is blowing, but it's awfully hot.
The wind is blowing, but it's terribly hot.
The wind is blowing.
The wind is cold today.
The wind is cold.
The wind is coming from the south.
The wind is cool and fresh.
The wind is dying down, isn't it?
The wind is dying down.
The wind is getting stronger.
The wind is getting up.
The wind is getting up; it doesn't bode well.
The wind is getting worse.
The wind is howling outside the window.
The wind is howling, so keep your hat on!
The wind is howling.
The wind is now our friend.
The wind is picking up.
The wind is raging outside.
The wind is raging.
The wind is really strong outside.
The wind is really strong!
The wind is really strong.
The wind is rustling in the old maple leaves.
The wind is shifting.
The wind is so cold.
The wind is so strong that it's difficult even to move forward.
The wind is strong today.
The wind is strong, and the house is rattling.
The wind is strong, so I am not going quickly.
The wind is strong.
The wind is subsiding.
The wind is variable.
The wind is very strong.
The wind is warm.
The wind is weak.
The wind is whistling through the cracks in the window.
The wind is whistling.
The wind isn't blowing.
The wind knocked the birdhouse out of the tree.
The wind lifted her hair.
The wind lifted her skirt.
The wind lifts the leaves.
The wind made Adriano's clothes flap noisily.
The wind made Adriano's dog's ears flap wildly.
The wind made Adriano's eyes water.
The wind made Adriano's heart race with excitement.
The wind made Adriano's kite soar high in the sky.
The wind made it difficult to hear Adriano's voice.
The wind made the Algerian flag flutter.
The wind made the branches creak and groan.
The wind made the branches creak.
The wind made the clouds race across the sky.
The wind made the crystals tinkle.
The wind made the flags snap.
The wind made the kite dance.
The wind made the leaves rustle and dance.
The wind made the power lines hum and buzz.
The wind made the sand swirl and sting.
The wind made the ship rock and sway.
The wind made the shutters bang against the house.
The wind made the trees bend.
The wind made the trees sway.
The wind made the wind chimes sing.
The wind made the windsock point straight up.
The wind may change direction.
The wind must be gauged accurately.
The wind never stops.
The wind of the autumn night was dancing with the brown leaves.
The wind off the beach is bone-chilling.
The wind picked up again.
The wind picked up.
The wind picks up, it drizzles outside.
The wind pushed against the windows.
The wind pushed the door open.
The wind rages.
The wind rattled the windowpanes.
The wind remained calm.
The wind ripped the roof off our building.
The wind rippled the surface of the water.
The wind rises… We must try to live!
The wind roared and shouted around the house, and the snow fell steadily half the year, so that the summers never melted it away till winter came again.
The wind ruffled Adriano's clothes.
The wind ruffled Rima's hair and messed up her hairstyle.
The wind ruffled the pages of Adriano's book.
The wind ruffled the surface of the water.
The wind ruined my umbrella.
The wind rustled the leaves.
The wind rustled through the foliage.
The wind scattered the leaves about.
The wind shifted, changing the direction of the ship.
The wind shook the windows.
The wind slammed the door closed.
The wind slammed the door shut.
The wind sounds scary, like screaming ghosts.
The wind speaks softly.
The wind started howling and there was lightning.
The wind started to pick up.
The wind still blows hard.
The wind still blows strongly.
The wind stirs forgotten dreams.
The wind stopped and the environment became silent.
The wind stopped.
The wind sure is cold.
The wind swept a shopping bag across the street and under a parked car.
The wind swept across the open field.
The wind tells ancient tales.
The wind that often blows in Provence is called the mistral.
The wind toppled the trees.
The wind toppled trees.
The wind tore the ridge tile from me.
The wind tousled my hair.
The wind tugged at her coat.
The wind uprooted a lot of trees.
The wind used to blow all day.
The wind violently blows through and the fire destroys the ancient bridge.
The wind wandered moaning round the house like a lost soul.
The wind was apparently starting to pick up.
The wind was at their backs.
The wind was behind them.
The wind was blowing at a speed of 120 kilometres per hour.
The wind was blowing fiercely.
The wind was blowing so hard that it rattled the windowpanes.
The wind was blowing so hard that the windowpanes were rattling.
The wind was blowing the day before yesterday.
The wind was blowing through the trees.
The wind was blowing two days ago.
The wind was blowing violently, and to make matters worse, it began raining.
The wind was blowing.
The wind was brutal.
The wind was causing the branches to rustle against the tent.
The wind was frolicking among the yellow leaves of the old birch trees, and a shower of thick drops fell upon us from the leaves.
The wind was going to come from the southwest.
The wind was howling outside, and the rain was beating and splashing against the windows.
The wind was howling.
The wind was in their faces.
The wind was pretty strong.
The wind was pummeling the trees pretty hard.
The wind was really strong.
The wind was so strong it blew Mary's umbrella inside out.
The wind was so strong that Anna lost her hat.
The wind was so strong that Anna's hat blew off.
The wind was so strong that the boat had to zigzag forward.
The wind was so strong that the windows rattled.
The wind was so strong that we were basically going nowhere.
The wind was so strong, we were nearly blown off the road.
The wind was strong enough to blow the cups off the picnic table.
The wind was strong.
The wind was whistling through the broken window.
The wind was wicked.
The wind whipped up his hair.
The wind whipped up the sand.
The wind whispered her name softly.
The wind whispered through the trees.
The wind whispers untold stories.
The wind whispers wisdom.
The wind whistled through the trees.
The wind whistles through the cracks in the window.
The wind will be variable today.
The wind's blowing hard this morning, isn't it?
The windbreaker protected Adriano from the cold wind.
The windchill factor makes your exposure on the mountain very dangerous.
The winding path to peace is always a worthy one, regardless of how many turns it takes.
The windmill turned in the wind.
The windmills wouldn't stop turning because of the strong wind.
The window blew shut.
The window broke.
The window couldn't be opened any further.
The window doesn't open.
The window faces south.
The window faces the street.
The window frames were old and rotting, and the glass was close to falling out.
The window gives on to the courtyard.
The window gives onto the courtyard.
The window glass provides sun protection.
The window had been left open.
The window has a good view of the garden.
The window in front of the garden is bathed in green.
The window in my room is dirty.
The window is broken.
The window is busted out.
The window is closed.
The window is cracked.
The window is filthy.
The window is here.
The window is made of glass.
The window is not located in the middle of the wall, but is shifted to the right instead.
The window is open now; it was shut a minute ago.
The window is open.
The window is shut.
The window is still broken.
The window looks out on the courtyard.
The window needs to be close.
The window needs to be closed.
The window of opportunity to save lives is closing.
The window of the car rolled down and Yanni saw Skura.
The window of the room was open, and beside the window, all huddled up, lay the body of a man in his nightdress.
The window offered a beautiful view of the expansive garden behind the house.
The window offers a wonderful view across the Algiers Bay.
The window opened outward.
The window opened.
The window opposite of Gabriel was rolled down slightly.
The window overlooks the courtyard.
The window pane had a mark on it where the bird had flown into it.
The window stands wide open.
The window started to open and shut.
The window to the world can be covered by a newspaper.
The window was being broken.
The window was broken by Tom.
The window was completely open.
The window was fully open.
The window was left open.
The window was open for a long time; I closed it, but my brother immediately opened it again.
The window was open.
The window was shattered.
The window was slightly ajar.
The window was tampered with.
The window was too high.
The window was too small to crawl through it.
The window was unlocked.
The window was wide open.
The window washer lost his grip and fell to his death.
The window will look less ugly once it's surrounded by the architrave.
The window's open now. It was shut a minute ago.
The window's over there.
The windows are all closed.
The windows are all open.
The windows are already down.
The windows are closed.
The windows are decorated with lanterns.
The windows are dirty.
The windows are draughty, and there's mould on the walls.
The windows are fogged up.
The windows are misted up with condensation.
The windows are open and our house is bright.
The windows are open.
The windows are partially smashed.
The windows are steamed up.
The windows are wide open.
The windows face south.
The windows face the street.
The windows had been left open.
The windows have no glass, of course, as that would be shattered to smithereens by the vibrations.
The windows in my room are cracked.
The windows in the house are all broken.
The windows in the rooms are not soundproof.
The windows must be secured.
The windows must remain closed.
The windows need to stay shut.
The windows of all the rooms are closed.
The windows of all the rooms are open.
The windows of my bedroom face the courtyard.
The windows of our flat look out on to the courtyard.
The windows of the house are closed.
The windows on the top floor were broken.
The windows should have already been washed.
The windows should've already been washed.
The windows stood wide open.
The windows were already open when I got here.
The windows were boarded up from the inside.
The windows were boarded up.
The windows were broken.
The windows were covered with cobwebs.
The windows were high up.
The windows were left open.
The windows were open and the voices of children playing in the street could be heard.
The windows were open.
The windows were replaced in our house.
The windows were too steamed up to be able to recognize anything.
The windows were wet.
The windows will steam up if you do that.
The winds are murmuring, ready to rave.
The winds are picking up speed.
The winds became stronger in the town as the tsunami approached.
The winds blow contrary to what ships wish.
The winds died down.
The winds has blown this tree down.
The winds sweep the forests.
The windscreen is the large glass window at the front of a vehicle.
The windscreen-wiper blades for my car are very expensive.
The windshield bullseye is not even ten percent visible as it used to be.
The windshield bullseye is right here.
The windshield bullseye is still visible.
The windshield chip feels smooth.
The windshield chip has disappeared.
The windshield chip is barely visible.
The windshield chips are all gone.
The windshield chips are completely gone.
The windshield crack goes from here to here.
The windshield crack is definitely visible.
The windshield crack is fixed.
The windshield crack is growing and growing.
The windshield crack is spreading.
The windshield crack is still there.
The windshield crack is very apparent.
The windshield crack is visible.
The windshield crack wasn't very apparent before.
The windshield is all dry.
The windshield is all scratched.
The windshield is clean now.
The windshield is in the sun, drying.
The windshield is part of the structure of the car.
The windshield is scratched.
The windshield is still drying.
The windshield is too hot.
The windshield looks a lot nicer now.
The windshield looks better now.
The windshield looks perfect.
The windshield looks pretty clean from here.
The windshield looks pretty good from here.
The windshield looks totally fine.
The windshield needs to be fixed or else it's gonna crack more.
The windshield of my car was broken.
The windshield of the car was smashed to pieces.
The windshield on your crack is over forty inches.
The windshield scratches are gone.
The windshield should be fixed.
The windshield was covered in rime.
The windshield wiper washed away the pollen coating the car's windows.
The windstorm blew away roofs and uprooted many trees.
The wine Tom gave me was very good.
The wine and beer are good.
The wine and the beer are good.
The wine bar is a favorite spot for Adriano.
The wine bar's atmosphere appealed to Adriano.
The wine bottle is empty.
The wine cellar is too small.
The wine cellars were carved in yellow soil.
The wine collection is tremendous.
The wine complemented the meal perfectly.
The wine glass has poison in it.
The wine glasses are on the top shelf.
The wine had a heady aroma.
The wine has gone to my head.
The wine is fermenting.
The wine is good.
The wine is in the glass.
The wine is in the market.
The wine is in the marketplace.
The wine is on the market.
The wine is really good.
The wine is very good.
The wine isn't good.
The wine isn’t good, is it?
The wine left a permanent stain on the carpet.
The wine list at Benedito's restaurant is extensive.
The wine loosened tongues, and soon everyone was chatting away freely.
The wine made her cranky.
The wine pairing at the restaurant impressed Adriano.
The wine selection at Benedito's restaurant is impressive.
The wine selection at the restaurant impressed Adriano.
The wine tasted bad, so I poured it out.
The wine tastes good.
The wine that's served here is the best I know.
The wine was excellent.
The wine was made from cloudberries.
The wine was outstanding.
The wine was red.
The wine was very expensive, but even so he wanted to buy it.
The wine wasn't very good.
The wine's acidity complemented the meal for Adriano.
The wine's acidity cut through the richness of the meal for Adriano.
The wine's acidity impressed Adriano.
The wine's aging process intrigued Adriano.
The wine's aroma reminded Adriano of his trip to Italy.
The wine's bad.
The wine's balance impressed Adriano.
The wine's balance was impeccable for Adriano.
The wine's bouquet intrigued Adriano.
The wine's color caught Adriano's eye.
The wine's complexity fascinated Adriano.
The wine's complexity made it a favorite of Adriano's.
The wine's finish impressed Adriano.
The wine's flavor profile impressed Adriano.
The wine's history was fascinating to Adriano.
The wine's label caught Adriano's eye.
The wine's label design impressed Adriano.
The wine's minerality was impressive for Adriano.
The wine's price was worth it for Adriano.
The wine's sweetness impressed Adriano.
The wine's tannins were smooth and velvety for Adriano.
The wine's texture was silky and smooth for Adriano.
The wine's vintage was one of Adriano's favorites.
The winemaker impressed Adriano with their skill.
The winemaker says sustainable viticulture is more than a set of farming practices.
The winery offers tours with Adriano as the guide.
The winery's history interested Adriano.
The winery's hospitality impressed Adriano.
The winery's staff was knowledgeable, impressing Adriano.
The winery's sustainability practices impressed Adriano.
The winery's vineyards impressed Adriano.
The wing membrane of the pterosaurs was supported by the vastly stretched fourth digit of the forefeet.
The wing was badly dented.
The wings of an eagle measure more than a metre across.
The wings of butterflies are covered in small scales.
The wings of gliders have a special shape.
The wings of the sparrow are broken.
The wingspan of an eagle is more than a meter.
The winner gets a trophy.
The winner has the option of receiving the money in an annuity paid over a number of years or taking a lower lump sum.
The winner hasn't yet been announced.
The winner is Algeria.
The winner is Tom.
The winner is already decided.
The winner of the 100m race is often called the world's fastest man.
The winner of the award was Ziri.
The winner of the contest will be announced later this month.
The winner of the race was a retired US serviceman.
The winner of the science prize has decided to give the prize money to charity.
The winner of the second semifinal will play against the winner of the first semifinal.
The winner of this quarter-final match will advance to the semi-final stage.
The winner received a new car from a local car dealer.
The winner was Tom.
The winner was a Canadian.
The winner was given a trophy.
The winner will get three hundred dollars.
The winners of the Eurovision Song Contest sang in their native language.
The winners take home $7,500 for their school's science program and get a trip to a science-focused summer camp.
The winners tell jokes; and the losers say, "Deal the cards."
The winners were admittedly also lucky.
The winning numbers in last night's lottery draw were 7, 18, 3, 41, and 6 in that order.
The winning team received a silver trophy as prize.
The winning team received the prize of a silver trophy.
The wino is Baya's boyfriend.
The wino is Baya's father.
The wino is Baya's husband.
The winter break is just round the corner.
The winter chaos is driving me crazy, but soon the holidays will come.
The winter grew colder and colder; he was obliged to swim about on the water to keep it from freezing, but every night the space on which he swam became smaller and smaller. At length it froze so hard that the ice in the water crackled as he moved, and the duckling had to paddle with his legs as well as he could, to keep the space from closing up. He became exhausted at last, and lay still and helpless, frozen fast in the ice.
The winter has been very cold.
The winter has passed, and spring has arrived.
The winter hours will go into effect on November 5th.
The winter is long yet.
The winter is long.
The winter months are December, January and February.
The winter months are December, January, and February.
The winter of 2013-2014 was unusually mild in northern Europe and unusually severe in North America.
The winter sales are on again.
The winter sales have started again.
The winter schedule has arrived.
The winter season affects my mental health negatively.
The winter solstice comes just before Christmas.
The winter solstice is approaching.
The winter solstice is the shortest day of the year.
The winter solstice is usually either December 21st or 22nd. However, it sometimes is either December 20th or 23rd.
The winter sun radiated a soft warmth, inviting us outdoors.
The winter sunlight was blinding.
The winter timetable has changed.
The winter vacation beings soon. It will last two weeks.
The winter was cold and snowy.
The winter was very hard; the ponds were covered with ice, and there was very little food for either the beasts of the field or the birds of the air.
The winter weeks slipped by.
The winter will be severe.
The winter will pass.
The winter's sun gives only little warmth.
The winters are cold in Canada.
The winters come in strong, so I'm always spending December wrapped in layers and layers of thermal clothing while I acclimatize.
The winters here are cold and dark.
The winters here are cold.
The winters in Russia are hard.
The winters were bitterly cold.
The winter’s sun gives only little warmth.
The wintry weather lasted long into April the year before last.
The wipers don't work.
The wire is blue.
The wire is hot.
The wire won't come out.
The wires are attached to the light switch.
The wires are exposed.
The wires are fed through conduits in the wall for protection.
The wires are secure.
The wiretap was discontinued in 2016 due to a lack of evidence uncovered, but was re-started under a new warrant later that year and continued at least into early 2017.
The wiring in our house burned out. Luckily, nobody was injured.
The wiry build of the climber helped him scale the mountain.
The wise baker has five horses.
The wise debater will then choose that evidence which will most quickly make his hearers feel that their own experience proves him right.
The wise do not always earn a living.
The wise have always said the same things, and fools, who are the majority, have always done just the opposite.
The wise learn a lot from their enemies.
The wise man masters his steps well.
The wise man observes everything; the fool makes observations about everything.
The wise man provides for the future, the foolish man ends up with nothing.
The wise one knows what he says; the foolish one says what he knows.
The wise ones fashion speech with their thought, sifting it as grain is sifted through a sieve.
The wise person does not say everything that they think, but always thinks about everything they say.
The wise person never speaks all that he thinks, but always thinks before he speaks.
The wise talk about ideas, the intelligent about business, and the common people about what they're going to eat.
The wise teacher knew about the sap.
The wiser head gives in.
The wiser you are, the more worries you have; the more you know, the more it hurts.
The wish is father to the thought.
The wish to talk to God is absurd. We cannot talk to one we cannot comprehend.
The wishes and ideas of a composer gravitate around a common point.
The wisteria just started blooming.
The wisteria sure are blooming beautifully.
The wistful and yearning "Franz Schubert" segues into the valedictory "Endless Endless", the closing track on Kraftwerk's Trans-Europe Express album.
The witch and her daughter carried the weakly Queen into the bath-room, and put her into the bath; then they shut the door and ran away. But in the bath-room they had made a fire of such deadly heat that the beautiful young Queen was soon suffocated.
The witch assumed the form of the Queen, and decked herself out in the royal robes, and sat among the Court ladies, awaiting the King’s return.
The witch began to melt.
The witch brought the vampire back.
The witch cast a magical spell.
The witch cast a spell and a beam of light shot out of her wand.
The witch cast a spell on the naughty boy.
The witch cursed the poor little girl.
The witch doctor wasn't interested in Tom's love life.
The witch flew off into the sky.
The witch hastened forward to meet the royal carriages, and, throwing her arms round the King’s neck, kissed him.
The witch hunt has begun.
The witch is dead.
The witch is stirring her cauldron.
The witch laid a curse on the unfortunate little girl.
The witch lived in a gingerbread house in the middle of the forest.
The witch lives in the castle across the sea.
The witch mounted her broomstick and flew off into the sky.
The witch resurrected the monster.
The witch saw there was no help to be got from her old servants, and that the best thing she could do was to mount on her broom and set off in pursuit of the children.
The witch stripped her of all her fine clothes, which she proceeded to put on herself.
The witch threw the toad into her cauldron.
The witch told the girl what work she was to do. "You must keep the house clean and tidy, sweep the floor and the fireplace; but there is one thing you must never do. You must never look up the chimney, or something bad will befall you."
The witch told the servants to sharpen the knives, and to make a great fire ready, and hang a large kettle full of water over it.
The witch told the servants to sharpen the knives, make a great fire ready, and hang a large kettle full of water over it.
The witch turned Tom into a frog.
The witch turned Tom into a mouse and Mary into a cat for fun.
The witch turned back into human form.
The witch turned her boyfriend into a frog.
The witch turned him into a cockroach.
The witch turned the boy into a frog.
The witch turned the prince into a frog.
The witch turns kids into statues.
The witch was burned at the stake.
The witch wore a wide rimmed hat and black robes.
The witches practiced human sacrifice.
The witches were stripped naked and danced in circle.
The withdrawal symptoms are more severe than I thought.
The withered flower still had intact petals.
The witness did not seem nervous when he spoke at the trial.
The witness didn't remember.
The witness had no idea what happened at the time.
The witness has a funny last name.
The witness identified the thief in the police lineup.
The witness perjured herself on the stand.
The witness says that the vandal was around 18 years old.
The witness sees the citizen.
The witness stated his name.
The witness testified in court.
The witnesses appeared before the judge.
The witnesses took the stand one by one.
The witnesses were able to refute the false testimony of the suspect.
The witnesses were heard by the police.
The wives of the two elder brothers watched her and did exactly the same.
The wizard enchants the castle, protecting it from harm.
The wizard has a magic wand.
The wizard has returned.
The wizard is back.
The wizard read from the old grimoire.
The wizard turned himself into a lion.
The wizard was carrying a staff.
The wizard waved his magic wand and disappeared into thin air.
The wizened, old sorcerer took me under his wing and taught me everything he knew about magic.
The woke cultists are scanning the human language and declaring lots of words as being offensive.
The wolf and the lamb go to the same creek.
The wolf ate Little Red Riding Hood. The hunter shot the wolf.
The wolf ate a big piece of chalk, and its voice became more delicate.
The wolf ate the bone.
The wolf ate the child.
The wolf ate the king.
The wolf attacked the lamb.
The wolf circled the rabbit.
The wolf has bitten Maria.
The wolf howls 'awoo awoo'.
The wolf howls at the moon.
The wolf howls.
The wolf is Italy’s unofficial national animal.
The wolf is a predator.
The wolf is back in the Netherlands!
The wolf is howling at the moon.
The wolf is howling in the woods.
The wolf is weaker than the lion, but doesn't perform in the circus.
The wolf killed the lamb.
The wolf licks his lips.
The wolf lives in the forest.
The wolf may lose his teeth, but never his nature.
The wolf peered around the corner before slipping silently into the woods.
The wolf pounced upon the sheep pen.
The wolf pounced upon the sheepfold.
The wolf ran right up to the baker and said "My foot hurts, coat it in dough!"
The wolf said to the hedgehog.
The wolf snatched two hens.
The wolf spider is missing a leg.
The wolf started howling.
The wolf tried to imitate the voice of the mom goat.
The wolf was an accomplice of the hunter.
The wolf was descending on its prey.
The wolf was driven from the woods by hunger.
The wolf went into the henhouse.
The wolf will change shape, but will continue to eat chicken.
The wolffish can't actually bite into stone.
The wolverine climbs trees no less skillfully than it moves on the ground.
The wolverine has been branded with a hell of a reputation.
The wolverine is an omnivore.
The wolverine is omnivorous.
The wolverine is the biggest mustelid in existence.
The wolverine spends most of its life alone, defending the borders of its territory from individuals of the same sex.
The wolves are getting closer.
The wolves are howling in the woods.
The wolves are near us.
The wolves began howling.
The wolves began to howl.
The wolves of different countries vary in colour, form and behaviour based on the climate.
The wolves started howling.
The wolves started to howl.
The wolves wander through the forest.
The woman Argyle hoped to marry was the woman the man she hoped to marry hoped to marry.
The woman I love doesn't love me.
The woman I love works in Istanbul and I miss her very much.
The woman I love wrote to me.
The woman I loved never loved me.
The woman I saw there wasn't the woman I knew.
The woman Lukas is talking to is Walid’s wife.
The woman Tom is dating now is three years older than he is.
The woman Tom is dating now is three years older than him.
The woman Tom is going out with had been married 4 times.
The woman Tom married is even fatter than he is.
The woman Tom married is very beautiful.
The woman Tom was engaged to turned out to be a man!
The woman always speaks in English.
The woman and the man in the photo are my parents.
The woman asked me where Tom was.
The woman asked why the window was broken.
The woman asks for a dozen eggs, but the store only sells eggs in two dozens.
The woman at the front desk was very nice.
The woman at the reception was very friendly.
The woman at the table across from me has a filthy mouth.
The woman awakens the girl.
The woman awakens.
The woman became mean and grumpy.
The woman bought a large amount of flour and sugar.
The woman bought a lot of flour and sugar.
The woman bought it.
The woman bought loads of flour and sugar.
The woman brushes her hair.
The woman calls the man.
The woman came to the house with her cats.
The woman choked on a piece of an orange.
The woman cried when she heard the bad news.
The woman cried.
The woman cries before the wedding and the man afterwards.
The woman crossed her arms firmly.
The woman dental hygienist said to me, lying down in the chair, "Right, please open your mouth."
The woman did not know that the Universe is really vast and she is but a small part of it.
The woman did not say anything; she just buried her face in her hands and burst into tears.
The woman did what she had to do.
The woman died shortly after giving birth.
The woman downed the gin and lime that was served in one swallow.
The woman drinks the tea with sugar or with honey.
The woman drinks the water.
The woman drinks water now.
The woman drinks water.
The woman driving is getting on my nerves.
The woman driving is scaring me.
The woman eats an orange.
The woman eats bread.
The woman eats fish and drinks wine.
The woman eats rice.
The woman either loves or hates; there is no middle ground.
The woman eyed the girl incredulously.
The woman fled for the sake of saving herself.
The woman gave birth to a baby girl.
The woman gave birth to a son.
The woman glared at us.
The woman goes by the name of Sue.
The woman had a masculine silliness.
The woman had grey wiry hair.
The woman had to hold the ladder.
The woman happily listened to the music.
The woman has a fever.
The woman has a little bit of fruit.
The woman has beautiful cheeks.
The woman has bought a large amount of flour and sugar.
The woman has bought a lot of flour and sugar.
The woman has bought loads of flour and sugar.
The woman has five children.
The woman has officially divorced her husband.
The woman has suffered from a collapse, because she ate meat from a water buffalo.
The woman has two important questions to ask: What am I wearing? and what am I cooking?
The woman has two wallets.
The woman he married is very beautiful.
The woman holds a grudge against her husband because he cheated on her.
The woman hugged the baby.
The woman hung her laundry up on the clothesline.
The woman in a red dress ignored the black-clothed man and called a friend on her mobile.
The woman in the picture looked exactly like Amanda.
The woman in the video was dubbed a “Karen.” The term originally referred to an entitled white woman who tries to use her privilege or status in society to threaten or supersede someone in an argument.
The woman in white is a famous actress.
The woman is Ziri's mother.
The woman is a fruit.
The woman is a nurse.
The woman is a teacher.
The woman is almost deaf.
The woman is atop the table.
The woman is beautiful.
The woman is big.
The woman is coming.
The woman is completely baffled.
The woman is crazy, that's what. She has a pug dog she calls Queenie and it has its meals at the table along with the family, eating off a china plate.
The woman is drinking water at the moment.
The woman is drinking water now.
The woman is eating bread.
The woman is fat.
The woman is good-looking.
The woman is good: she can forgive a man for everything, even if he isn’t guilty of anything.
The woman is grooming herself.
The woman is having breakfast.
The woman is in front of a big rock.
The woman is in serious danger.
The woman is in the house.
The woman is in the room.
The woman is looking for her son.
The woman is lost.
The woman is lying.
The woman is naked.
The woman is not beautiful.
The woman is not young.
The woman is on the table.
The woman is on top of the table.
The woman is perplexed.
The woman is pregnant.
The woman is pretty.
The woman is reading the recipe.
The woman is reading.
The woman is ready.
The woman is rich, but the man is poor.
The woman is right.
The woman is short.
The woman is strong.
The woman is taking notes.
The woman is talking non-stop.
The woman is tall.
The woman is the embodiment of love, the matrix of the family, the queen of the home.
The woman is the most perfect of creatures; she's a transitory creature between man and angel.
The woman is tired.
The woman is trying the rice.
The woman is very beautiful.
The woman is very beautiful. When she passes, men are enthralled by her beauty.
The woman is very big and she has many friends.
The woman is very young.
The woman is wearing a beautiful dress.
The woman is wearing a black dress.
The woman is wearing a jacket.
The woman is working at the office.
The woman is working.
The woman is young.
The woman keeps wearing out-of-fashion blouses.
The woman kind of looked like Rima.
The woman laughed.
The woman left and went to the courthouse, where she waited in line again.
The woman let out such a loud shriek that the house shook.
The woman likes to play tennis.
The woman looked like she was about to blow. No one had dared humiliate her like this before.
The woman looked relieved.
The woman looked very pregnant.
The woman loosened little Gerda's dress, and took off the fur boots and the mittens, or Gerda would have been unable to bear the heat; and then she placed a piece of ice on the reindeer's head.
The woman loves the man.
The woman managed the drunk as if he were a child.
The woman noticed a peculiar painting on the wall.
The woman observes and the man thinks.
The woman of today is exposed to various stresses. She must try to reconcile career and family life.
The woman on the bench is Mrs. Brown.
The woman only knows how to cook rice.
The woman over there holding a baby is my wife.
The woman over there talking to Tom is my French teacher.
The woman practiced abortion three times.
The woman precisely knows that she doesn't know what she wants.
The woman precisely knows that she doesn’t know what she wants.
The woman pressed the baby to her.
The woman promised to go on a diet, to stop smoking, and to do physical exercises.
The woman protested for appearances' sake.
The woman put on some black clothes and red shoes with very high heels.
The woman ran and Bruno chased after her.
The woman reached for the knife on the table.
The woman read out a beautiful story from her book.
The woman reads English.
The woman reads the recipe.
The woman reads.
The woman said she would always educate her own children.
The woman said that she would like to work herself.
The woman said the spot was hers.
The woman said: "Please, O forest, let go of me, and you can keep my clothes."
The woman served her purpose.
The woman shook her head.
The woman sitting across from us is his wife at present.
The woman sitting next to me on the bus started talking to me.
The woman sitting next to me on the plane was very talkative.
The woman sitting on the sofa is my grandmother.
The woman sitting over there is his present wife.
The woman sitting there is his current wife.
The woman sitting there is my mother.
The woman sitting under that tree looks sad.
The woman sleeps in the bedroom.
The woman slowly turned her face.
The woman smells the coffee.
The woman smiled and beckoned to me with her hand.
The woman speaks Spanish.
The woman speaks as if she were a teacher.
The woman spends a lot on shoes.
The woman stands before the library.
The woman stays at home with the child.
The woman stood up from the chair and looked towards the door.
The woman stopped and looked at him.
The woman submitted to her husband.
The woman suffered wounds to her head and neck.
The woman suspected her son of taking drugs.
The woman suspected that her son was using drugs.
The woman swaddled her baby.
The woman talking on her phone seemed irritated.
The woman talking to Tom is my mother.
The woman talking with that boy is a teacher.
The woman tastes the bread.
The woman tests the rice.
The woman that I hope to marry turned out to be a man!
The woman that Tom married is even fatter than he is.
The woman that called yesterday has already come.
The woman that my sister killed ought to be hung.
The woman therefore at one copulation conceived. And she arose and went her way: and putting off the apparel which she had taken, put on the garments of her widowhood.
The woman they were due to call has left.
The woman to whom the prize money was given had faked her identity.
The woman to whom you were talking is in fact a man.
The woman to whom you were talking is my older sister.
The woman to whom you were talking is my sister.
The woman tried on one hat after another, then left the hat shop.
The woman tried to shout out "Help!" but the word stuck in her throat.
The woman trying to speak to this boy is a teacher.
The woman used a nasal spray because she had a severe cold.
The woman wants jewelry.
The woman wants to know the truth.
The woman was Algerian and her husband was Turkish.
The woman was a rainbow. And the man? He was colorblind!
The woman was asked to make allowance for the poor health of the baby.
The woman was at a loss whether to accept his proposal or not.
The woman was awarded a grant of one thousand euros.
The woman was awarded a grant of €1,000.
The woman was dying.
The woman was going home.
The woman was gored by the sheep in the stable.
The woman was lying dead in an almost fetal position.
The woman was murdered as she was leaving work.
The woman was reading.
The woman was seven months pregnant when she went into labor.
The woman was sitting between two men.
The woman was so surprised as to be speechless.
The woman was the child's surrogate mother.
The woman washes her face.
The woman who answered the door was very friendly and gave us a generous amount of candy.
The woman who answered the phone spoke French.
The woman who came here yesterday is Miss Yamada.
The woman who he thought was his aunt was a stranger.
The woman who is sitting on the sofa is my grandmother.
The woman who is speaking is tall.
The woman who killed my sister should be hanged.
The woman who lives next door bakes bread every morning.
The woman who lives next door is working for the Civil Service now.
The woman who met us at the airport was young and beautiful.
The woman who sat on the bench laughed.
The woman who was sitting between Tom and Mary is my mother.
The woman who went outdoors is an engineer.
The woman who wore the white clothes was out to a party.
The woman who's pregnant is my mother.
The woman who's sitting on the sofa is my grandmother.
The woman whom he married is very beautiful.
The woman whom they interviewed yesterday has been given the job.
The woman with a baby in her arms arrived here just now.
The woman works double shifts as a nurse, and for a worthless salary.
The woman works.
The woman wouldn't stop coughing and sneezing because she was allergic to grasses.
The woman you were talking to at that time was my sister.
The woman's body that we found wore a large smile.
The woman's face was marked with grief.
The woman's hair is quite short.
The woman's identity is still unknown.
The woman's name is Sue.
The woman’s face was marked with grief.
The woman’s hair is quite short.
The womb has no ears.
The womb is the mother of all things.
The wombat lives in the wild only in Australia. In its own small way, the furry marsupial is doing its bit to help the beleaguered community of Burnie, which has seen the loss of hundreds of jobs as the national economy slides into reverse.
The wombat scurried for its den.
The women achieved their goal.
The women are big.
The women are fighting for their freedom in this country.
The women are in Mexico.
The women are in front of a library.
The women are in front of big rocks.
The women are in front of the library.
The women are in the village.
The women are marching.
The women are my aunts.
The women are relaxing on the piano.
The women are very supportive.
The women are wearing bonnets.
The women are working.
The women bowed to each other so many times.
The women can't stand each other because of their men.
The women cook, grandmother serves.
The women design clothes.
The women do the cooking, grandmother does the serving.
The women don't pay her attention.
The women drink water.
The women eat bread.
The women felt victimized.
The women gave us a lot to eat.
The women go around in pants, too.
The women have umbrellas.
The women in our country are different from the women from other countries. Many think that it's acceptable for women to have children and devote themselves to them entirely; and, towards their husband, to simply uphold their duty and protect their chastity.
The women in our country are different from the women from other countries. Many think that it’s acceptable for women to have children and devote themselves to them entirely; and, towards their husband, to simply uphold their duty and protect their chastity.
The women in this film are dressed in a very conventional way.
The women in this town will want flowers to put in their houses.
The women in this village know the health consequences of the sooty flames only too well.
The women led the movement to obtain female suffrage.
The women like tea.
The women like to sing.
The women longed to climb up the social ladder.
The women of France are beautiful.
The women of the class mature before the men.
The women of the group are different from each other.
The women of this country are fighting for freedom.
The women paraded around seminude.
The women play tennis.
The women prepare the meal, grandmother distributes it.
The women put a garland round her neck.
The women really gave it their utmost.
The women row together in an old Chinese shell called a dragon boat, which contains seats for twenty rowers.
The women should not see it.
The women stoop, stretch, strain and sweat to pick the choicest cauliflowers, carrots, beetroot and spinach for the day’s meals.
The women stopped working.
The women stuck to their cause.
The women surrounded me and started asking a lot of questions.
The women teachers looked at each other, astonished.
The women washed him, tried to dress him, and also gave him a new name.
The women went to the celebration dressed to the nines.
The women were too surprised to be able to speak.
The women whose daughter you spoke to doesn't live here.
The women will fine the man.
The women work in a restaurant.
The women's basketball team has a male coach.
The women's college had a very small car park, and as several of the teachers and students, and many of the student's boyfriends, had cars, it was often difficult to find a place to park.
The women's hats are expensive.
The women's soccer national team are already the world soccer champions, and I don't see any reason why men can't achieve the same as women.
The women, who, according to the custom at this festival of Bacchus, the vintage season, were called from the neighbouring villages to lend assistance, cast their eyes upon Daphnis, and exclaimed that he was as handsome as Bacchus himself.
The women’s college had a very small car park, and as several of the teachers and students, and many of the student’s boyfriends, had cars, it was often difficult to find a place to park.
The women’s hats are expensive.
The wonder is that the majority of the emigrants continued their westward journey.
The wonderful performance of this actress exceeded all expectations.
The wonderful summer has seamlessly become autumn.
The wood beam supports the roof so it doesn't fall in.
The wood became saturated with water.
The wood flooring in Matthew's house gives it a warm and cozy feel.
The wood grain in Brazilian rosewood is beautiful.
The wood has become saturated with water.
The wood has warped because of the constant humidity.
The wood is alive with birds.
The wood is considered odorless.
The wood is cut.
The wood is hard.
The wood is liable to split if you leave the holes untapped.
The wood is rotten.
The wood must be handled with care.
The wood must be kept carefully.
The wood paneling caught on fire.
The wood panelling caught on fire.
The wood troll lived deep in the woods.
The wood was cleared to make arable land.
The wood was cleared to make farmland.
The wood was felled.
The wood was kindled, the flames arose, and a mouldering heap of ashes was soon all that remained of Mrs Askew and her fellow martyrs.
The wood was rotting.
The wood was silent.
The wood was time-worn.
The wood was too wet and its smoked a lot.
The wood was too wet.
The wood was very dark, and she could not help trembling from fear.
The wood was wet and apparently rotten.
The wood's got saturated with water.
The wood's got to be handled carefully.
The wood-pile was very dry, for it had not rained for a month. It burned like tinder, and by the time she reached the spot, nothing could be seen but flames.
The woodcutter fells a tree with an ax.
The woodcutter led the children into the deepest part of the forest and abandoned them.
The wooded slopes of the mountain are bathed in evening sunlight.
The wooden blocks toppled over when your kid blew on them.
The wooden box had been broken open.
The wooden cabinet is painted yellow.
The wooden chair costs sixty libras.
The wooden chair is expensive.
The wooden door was secured with a heavy iron spike acting as a latch.
The wooden fence stood tall.
The wooden floor started shaking.
The wooden pallets were used to transport the goods from one place to another.
The wooden pieces are fastened with a peg.
The wooden plates are lighter than the metal plates, but the paper plates are the lightest.
The wooden staircase creaked under their heavy feet.
The wooden tavern door flew off its hinges.
The woodland was parceled into farms.
The woodlouse crawled across the window ledge.
The woodpecker is a useful bird.
The woodpecker is eating some ants.
The woodpecker is feeding its mate.
The woodpecker is gathering acorns for the winter.
The woodpecker is pecking the tree trunk vigorously.
The woodpecker started loudly pecking at the tree.
The woods always gave me a weird feeling.
The woods are in bloom.
The woods are just as lovely in winter as in summer.
The woods are my home.
The woods are off limits for students.
The woods awakened Gustavo's senses, from the earthy scent of moss to the gentle touch of the breeze.
The woods became Gustavo's sanctuary, a place where he could recharge and find inspiration.
The woods don't give Ziri a good feeling.
The woods extend to the sea.
The woods fell silent again.
The woods go as far as the sea.
The woods have trees.
The woods offered Gustavo a sense of freedom, allowing him to roam unhindered by the constraints of society.
The woods offered Gustavo an escape from the chaos of everyday life.
The woods provided Gustavo with a sense of adventure and endless possibilities.
The woods seemed to come alive at night, with mysterious sounds and flickering lights that intrigued Gustavo.
The woods stretch all the way to the sea.
The woods went dead silent.
The woods went silent.
The woods were becoming dense.
The woods were clothed in autumn leaves.
The woods were covered in English ivy.
The woods were dead silent.
The woods were eerily silent.
The woods were haunted by spirits.
The woods were known for their strange occurrences.
The woods were like a second home to Ziri.
The woods were off limits.
The woods were on the left side of me.
The woods were pleasant at this time, with the first touch of autumn on the leaves of the birches, and the ripe berries of the Norseland were everywhere.
The woods were silent.
The woods were totally silent.
The woodwind section in this orchestra isn't very good.
The woodwind section includes both pipes and reeds.
The woodwind section is too loud again.
The woodwinds are playing in unison.
The woodwinds aren't playing softly enough.
The woodwinds aren't playing together.
The woodwinds need to play together.
The wool blanket kept him cozy throughout the night.
The wool coat was too warm for the hot summer day.
The wool fabric was perfect for the winter coat.
The wool from Matthew's sheep was so soft and fluffy that it was in high demand.
The wool from Tom's sheep is of the highest quality.
The wool socks kept his feet warm and dry during the snowstorm.
The wool sweater that Matthew wore was a dark shade of green that complemented his hazel eyes.
The woolen blanket was passed down from generation to generation in the family.
The woolen jacket was perfect for the outdoor adventure.
The woolen mittens were perfect for playing in the snow.
The woolen poncho was a popular fashion trend in the 70s.
The woolen rug added a touch of warmth and comfort to the room.
The woolen shawl kept Linda's shoulders warm in the chilly evening breeze.
The woolly mammoth belongs to a species, or group, linked to the modern African elephant. With its thick, long hair, the now-extinct mammoth was able to survive in cold weather. Lead researcher Stephan Schuster says the mammoth and African elephant share more than ninety-nine percent of their genetic material.
The word "Berber" refers to all the Berber dialects together.
The word "Cajun" comes from "Acadian," one of North America's French-speaking communities.
The word "Entbindung", meaning "birth", is ambiguous; it can also mean "death".
The word "Islam" means "submission to God."
The word "Islam" means submission to God.
The word "Jew" comes from the Latin word "Iudaeus", meaning "Judean."
The word "Mexico" means "place in the Moon's navel".
The word "Tatoeba" comes from Japanese, meaning "for example."
The word "agrud" means "kid" in Berber.
The word "ayam" in the Waray language is not similar to "ayam" in Malaysian which means chicken.
The word "ba'e" emphasizes the word that follows it, rather than what precedes it.
The word "bitch" literally means a female dog. Its use in casual conversation to apply to a woman is demeaning, crude and insulting, and marks the person who uses this descriptor to be backwards and, potentially, a sexual harasser.
The word "black" represented most of the minorities of the time.
The word "blaratatara" isn't in the Portuguese dictionary.
The word "but" is much more important than the word "and".
The word "cabal" has antisemitic origins, being derived from "Kabbalah."
The word "castellanos" is also used as a last name; for example: Enrique Castellanos.
The word "cat" is an unpopular word.
The word "celluloid" still is used to refer to movies even though the substance is no longer used for filming.
The word "champignon" comes from French.
The word "cidjrpitsa" is a loan word.
The word "cisgender" refers to somebody who is not transgender.
The word "cisgender" refers to someone who is not transgender.
The word "cliche" comes from French.
The word "comida" is stressed on the second-to-last syllable.
The word "conspiracy" comes from "conspirare", which literally means "to breathe together".
The word "cripple" could be offensive.
The word "deception" isn't in Tom's vocabulary.
The word "diaspora" was originally coined for the scattering of Jews from Eretz Yisrael.
The word "diaspora" was originally coined for the scattering of Jews from the Land of Israel.
The word "door" in Berber is "tawwurt."
The word "esperanto" means "one who hopes". It was the pseudonym of the creator of the international language.
The word "every" is treated as singular.
The word "family" has 3 syllables.
The word "fanny" means something different in American and Canadian English than it does in the English of Britain, Australia, and elsewhere.
The word "genocide" isn't synonymous with the word "Holocaust."
The word "gentile" is derived from a Latin translation of the Hebrew word "goy."
The word "gentile" is derived from a translation of the word "goy" into Latin.
The word "gentile" is just a Latin translation of the Hebrew word "goy."
The word "golem" comes from Hebrew.
The word "gullible" is not in the dictionary.
The word "halal" hides a mountain of ideologies.
The word "house" evokes the mental image of a rectangular building with a roof and smoking chimney, which may be surrounded by grass and trees and inhabited by a happy family.
The word "hybrid" is derived from the Latin "hybrida".
The word "hypocrite" originally meant "actor."
The word "impossible" isn't in the French language.
The word "impossible" isn’t in the French language.
The word "infidel" comes from Latin.
The word "kisa" is an unpopular word.
The word "laborer" is a noun derived from the word "labor".
The word "literally" is an auto-antonym.
The word "lonely" comes to mind.
The word "nigger" is an offensive term.
The word "outage" is an outrage.
The word "physics" comes from Greek and means "nature".
The word "physics" comes from Greek, meaning nature.
The word "planet" literally means "wandering body".
The word "puts" comes from "put" (output) + "s" (the first character of "string")
The word "racism" is often used colloquially as a synonym of "bigotry".
The word "raji-kase", meaning radio cassette in Japan, is probably more of an antiquated term by now.
The word "robot" comes from Czech.
The word "rook" comes from Sanskrit and means "chariot".
The word "sam" is short for "computer" in Lojban.
The word "sandwich" has very odd etymological roots.
The word "sophomoric," means juvenile or, as Merriam-Webster's dictionary puts it, "conceited and overconfident of knowledge but poorly informed and immature."
The word "spirits" refers to distilled alcoholic beverages.
The word "stupid" means to be at once ignorant and naïve.
The word "tajerrumt or tagerrumt" (grammar, in Berber) was used by the Garamantes women of Libya to write their registers in Punico-Libyan and organize everything concerning the gold trade between black Africa and the surrounding Mediterranean area.
The word "tamesgida" means "mosque" in Berber.
The word "the" is optional in this sentence.
The word "theory" is often misused.
The word "tranny" is a transphobic slur.
The word "woke" describes anything a far-right person doesn't like, from feathered dinosaurs to the presence of non-white people in a movie.
The word "worker" is a noun derived from the word "work".
The word "злой" is the only monosyllabic Russian adjective.
The word "обороноспособность" is unique in the Russian language. No other word can be found in which there are seven vowels that are all the same.
The word 'Capricorn' has become a taboo word in society.
The word 'Flother' only occurs once in Old English, thus making it a hapax legemenon.
The word 'algebra' has Arabic roots, right?
The word 'algorithm' has its roots in Latinizing the name of Persian mathematician Muhammad ibn Musa al-Khwarizmi in the first steps to algorismus.
The word 'excessive competition' is frequently used in Japanese industry, but there is not a precise definition of the practice.
The word 'sesquipedalian' is an example of the very thing it means.
The word Berber appeared everywhere in that document.
The word Brasilia has four syllables and eight letters.
The word Islam wasn't ever mentioned in that school.
The word Peleshet originally referred to the coastal region of Southern Canaan.
The word Schadenfreude only exists in German.
The word algorithm itself is derived from the 9th-century Persian mathematician Muḥammad ibn Mūsā al-Khwārizmī, Latinized Algoritmi.
The word astronaut means "star sailor" in Latin.
The word became flesh and lived for a while among us.
The word before "XYZ" should be highlighted in yellow.
The word before his name should be underlined.
The word biosphere comes from a Greek word meaning "life globe."
The word came to be used for all small heavenly bodies revolving about larger ones.
The word cloud results for our text mining were off because one person spammed a Bible verse every day.
The word comes from Greek.
The word comes from Latin.
The word doctor refers to a person with the highest university degree, and colloquially to a physician.
The word downtown refers to the business quarter of any town.
The word failure doesn't appear in Layla's dictionary.
The word freegan is compounded from "free" and "vegan".
The word fugusha ("disabled") might be insulting.
The word goy likely is derived from gev, meaning body or torso.
The word has acquired a broad meaning.
The word has acquired broad meaning.
The word has been generalized.
The word has several meanings.
The word has spread.
The word has unpleasant associations.
The word homeland is so misused that one has trouble saying anything normal or serious about it.
The word immediately before your name should be an acronym of your title.
The word is derived from Latin.
The word is expressive of my feelings.
The word is frequently used in this sense.
The word is getting out.
The word is my fourth dimension.
The word is no longer in use.
The word is not in my dictionary.
The word is of great use to me.
The word is of unclear provenance.
The word is on the tip of my tongue.
The word is out of fashion.
The word is repeatedly used with that meaning.
The word is that you got the job.
The word is unfamiliar to me.
The word isn't in the dictionary.
The word lends itself to beginners.
The word lends itself to misuse by beginners.
The word meant "attendants."
The word meant one thing not long ago, but it means something else now.
The word of God is love. Let us not be hearers of your word, but doers of your word.
The word of God is the creation we behold and it is in this word, which no human invention can counterfeit or alter, that God speaketh universally to man.
The word of the year 2011 in Denmark is "Arab spring". Other proposed words were "fat tax", "broken promises" and "road rage".
The word order has to be changed.
The word order in Toki Pona is very strict.
The word order needs to be changed.
The word processor has saved me much time.
The word processor is easy for us to use.
The word processor on the desk is my father's.
The word processor on the desk is my father’s.
The word processor will save you a lot of trouble.
The word refers to not only adults but also children.
The word siesta comes from the Latin sexta, the time when the Romans rested.
The word spread quickly, but it's all lies.
The word starts with a consonant.
The word takes on a somewhat different meaning when capitalized.
The word that Mary had, just before the comma, to enrage Tom, was the word "erased".
The word that Tom and Mary were seeking, they found only at the end of the sentence, as it was the word that was "lost".
The word that is known to anyone is a greeting.
The word was all over school by the next day.
The word was all over the city.
The word was all over the office by the next day.
The word was all over town by the next day.
The word was loaned from Portuguese.
The word wisdom comes from the word wise.
The word yes never escapes his lips.
The word you said was gross.
The word you use depends on your intended meaning.
The word משפחה (family) is pronounced "mishpakhá" in Modern Hebrew and "mishpókhe" (or "mishpúkhe") in Yiddish.
The word ‘antonym’ is antonymous to ‘synonym’.
The word ‘kilogram’ is usually abbreviated to ‘kg’.
The word ’excessive competition’ is frequently used in Japanese industry, but there is not a precise definition of the practice.
The word ’sesquipedalian’ is an example of the very thing it means.
The word “cantata” is so flexible and covers such a wide area in music, that it has been a work of some difficulty to decide upon the compositions that properly come within the scheme of this volume.
The word's origin is unclear.
The word's origin is unknown.
The word's provenance is unclear.
The wording of the refusal was striking in its cynicism.
The words "book" and "table" are common nouns.
The words "elitist" and "elitism" are often used by anti-intellectuals.
The words "knight” and "night" are homophones.
The words "night" and "thing" are anagrams.
The words "qeṛṛeṭ" and "qeṛṛeḍ" have the same root as "qeṛṛiḍ": they refer to frostbite which can lead to the amputation of fingers.
The words "small" and "little" are synonyms.
The words "solar system" refer to the Sun and all of the objects that travel around it. These objects include planets, natural satellites such as the Moon, the asteroid belt, comets, and meteoroids.
The words "synonym" and "antonym" are antonyms.
The words 'beautiful' and 'ugly' are relative terms.
The words 'small' and 'little' are synonyms.
The words Dr. Hawking was choosing this morning would be printed out and sent to the publisher of his book.
The words above the door of the theater were one meter high.
The words above the door of the theatre were a metre high.
The words and events of that evening must have been graven as if with a steel tool on Mr. Razumov’s brain since he was able to write his relation with such fullness and precision a good many months afterwards.
The words are on the tip of my tongue, but I don't quite know how to put what I want to say.
The words are on the tip of my tongue, but I don't quite know how to say what I want to say.
The words are on the tip of my tongue, but I don’t quite know how to put what I want to say.
The words are on the tip of my tongue, but I just can't say it.
The words are polysemic.
The words are simple.
The words are windows, or they are walls.
The words bookstore and bookshop have the same meaning.
The words came out of her mouth without her realizing it.
The words come out of my mouth as if I were possessed.
The words confirmed him in his suspicions.
The words covered are steadily increasing, so check frequently.
The words delicious and disgusting are antonyms.
The words escaped my lips.
The words escaping his lips bear no meaning.
The words fail you just when you need them.
The words for bear, eye, wing, Ana, a giant owl, and aniline are palindromes in Spanish.
The words had scarcely left her lips when, with a startled cry, she sprung to her feet and hurried to the door.
The words he said don't apply in this situation.
The words hurt his pride.
The words in my head form streets and buildings, entire cities. I want to take you there.
The words in our dictionary are split into four categories: those which we understand and we use, those which we understand but don't use, those which we don't understand and don't use and finally those which we don't understand and still use.
The words in the picture were Berber, but they didn't seem to make any sense.
The words need rearranging.
The words of a drunk man are the thoughts of a sober man.
The words of a man's mouth are as deep waters, and the wellspring of wisdom as a flowing brook.
The words of the gods were wise.
The words of the spell were written on papyrus.
The words of the year 2010 in Denmark are "ash cloud", "Peripheral Denmark", "vuvuzela" and "WikiLeaks".
The words of this canticle were printed on a canvas sheet upon the wall, and the method of inculcation was somewhat peculiar.
The words poison and potion are cognates.
The words synonym and antonym are antonyms.
The words that Gunter shouted were in Berber.
The words themselves are on the tip of my tongue, but I just can’t say it.
The words underlined in red need to be translated.
The words were from a very old language.
The words were spelled wrong.
The words weren't easy to spell.
The words would appear on his computer screen.
The words ’beautiful’ and ’ugly’ are relative terms.
The words “my god” are rooted in ego.
The words’ meaning lies in their humble simplicity.
The work I do is very interesting.
The work I'm doing at the moment is very interesting.
The work I'm doing now requires originality.
The work I’m doing now requires originality.
The work Tom does is important.
The work ahead of me is not simple.
The work became a genre unto itself.
The work begins to get more difficult.
The work calls for great patience.
The work calls for patience.
The work can wait.
The work can't be done at a moment's notice.
The work cannot be done in a day.
The work can’t be done at a moment’s notice.
The work continued until the evening.
The work cost 100 dollars.
The work cost him his life.
The work did not stop even for a minute.
The work didn't stop even for a minute.
The work does not produce visible results.
The work doesn't need much effort.
The work doesn’t need much effort.
The work environment was friendly.
The work finally saw the light last month.
The work goes around the clock.
The work got finished somehow.
The work had been completed before I arrived.
The work had been finished by six.
The work has already begun.
The work has been almost completed.
The work has just been done.
The work has no structure.
The work has to be done well.
The work has to be finished before noon.
The work has to be handed in before the exam.
The work here is fairly simple.
The work is a heavy tax on my health.
The work is a whole day.
The work is actually finished.
The work is almost done.
The work is almost finished.
The work is at a very advanced stage.
The work is called "The Apotheosis of Washington", and it depicts George Washington, the first American president, being drawn to heaven.
The work is daunting.
The work is done.
The work is easy enough for me to finish in a couple of hours.
The work is getting done.
The work is hereby done.
The work is in progress.
The work is marching right along.
The work is mind-numbing.
The work is mostly done.
The work is not finished yet.
The work is not finished.
The work is not worth the cost of preparation.
The work is now finished.
The work is now in progress.
The work is piling up.
The work is practically finished.
The work is progressing steadily.
The work is too hard for me.
The work is unfinished.
The work is very dangerous.
The work is well worth the trouble.
The work isn't finished yet.
The work leaves traces on Tatoeba...
The work mostly consists of removing undergrowth and clearing away litter.
The work must be completed at once.
The work must be completed by tomorrow.
The work must be done by Tom.
The work must be done by him.
The work must be finished before noon.
The work must be turned in before the exam.
The work never ends.
The work of 19th-century French sculptor Frédéric-Auguste Bartholdi, the original Statue of Liberty was funded by France.
The work of Feuerbach is frequently referred to.
The work of George Orwell has been subverted by the same kind of counterrevolutionary elements he fought in Spain and opposed during World War II.
The work of Monsieur Bertillon seems good to a scientific person.
The work of a president is very interesting.
The work of art that says something confronts us itself. That is, it expresses something in such a way that what is said is like a discovery, a disclosure of something previously concealed.
The work of art, I decided, was the final product of human activity, and the final justification for all the misery, the endless toil and the frustrated strivings of humanity.
The work of rediscovering the lakes was entrusted to a remarkable man named Richard Burton, a man whose love of adventure was well known.
The work of the Greek historian, Polybius, originally in forty volumes, of which only five remain entire, covered a period from the downfall of the Macedonian power to the subversion of Grecian liberty by the Romans in 146 B.C.
The work of the eyes is done. Go now and do the heart-work on the images imprisoned within you.
The work of this young artist is very interesting.
The work over, we went home.
The work progressed smoothly.
The work required to investigate that is boring and wearisome.
The work requires ten men for ten days.
The work should be finished.
The work should be ready tomorrow.
The work should let up by a week from today.
The work should praise the master!
The work suited Tom.
The work that needed to be done to repair the system damage continued all throughout the night.
The work took an enormous amount of time to finish.
The work uses the same set of notes in movements one and four.
The work was all but finished.
The work was carried on steadily.
The work was completed in under half an hour.
The work was done with great haste.
The work was finished before I arrived.
The work was going along better than anyone expected, and sunlight crested the surrounding hills and poured onto us and lit the cold crystals in the air as they showered down onto the resting dogs.
The work was held up for three weeks.
The work was not ending.
The work was not original. It was a cut and paste job from published articles.
The work was pretty much finished.
The work was quite exhausting.
The work was successful.
The work was very difficult when I was in Munich.
The work was very difficult.
The work was well done in a way.
The work wasn't finished at 11:00 p.m. Friday, so they decided to carry it over to the following Monday.
The work wasn’t finished at 11:00 p.m. Friday, so they decided to carry it over to the following Monday.
The work week in Saudi Arabia is Sunday through Thursday.
The work will be a great tax on his time.
The work will be finished at six.
The work will be finished by 8 o'clock.
The work will be finished by 8 o’clock.
The work will come easy with a little practice.
The work will give birth to a new school of novel.
The work will take anywhere from two to three weeks.
The work will tax his health.
The work you do is important.
The work-play dichotomy has something to do with the left-right brain dichotomy.
The workaround is surprisingly elaborate, but the good news is I've already done the heavy lifting.
The worker bowed down to the boss.
The worker died from an explosion.
The worker is bringing water.
The worker is carrying sand with a shovel.
The worker is using a tool.
The worker is working with a shovel.
The worker plants fig trees.
The workers are against the new plan.
The workers are angry.
The workers are building the railway.
The workers are complaining about the working conditions.
The workers are complaining about their working conditions.
The workers are complaining that their hours have been increased.
The workers are considering going on strike.
The workers are constantly fighting for their rights, but the representatives are deaf.
The workers are exhausted.
The workers are expanding the road.
The workers are from Algeria.
The workers are furious.
The workers are hired not by the company itself, but by a temp agency, so they have no rights and get lower pay.
The workers are mixing the concrete.
The workers are on strike for higher pay.
The workers are on strike.
The workers are overworked and underpaid.
The workers are striking for better pay.
The workers are striking for higher wages.
The workers are striking.
The workers are threatening to go on strike.
The workers are threatening to strike.
The workers are wiring the new house.
The workers asked for an increase in pay.
The workers at Tom's company are demanding shorter working hours.
The workers at Tom’s company are demanding shorter working hours.
The workers backed up as they brought the crane onto the building site.
The workers banded together to go on strike and fight the company.
The workers began a sit-down strike in front of the factory.
The workers came to ask about their pay raises.
The workers complained when their working hours were extended.
The workers cooperated to solve the problem.
The workers demanded more money and holidays.
The workers demanded that they talk with the owner.
The workers didn't get paid because they lay down on the job.
The workers didn't get their basic wage.
The workers didn't have helmets.
The workers didn't want Tom to be their foreman.
The workers do not have a fatherland.
The workers don't have helmets.
The workers formed a human barrier.
The workers formed a union.
The workers hammered spikes into the wooden beams to secure the structure.
The workers have no country.
The workers have no homeland.
The workers have no incentive to work harder.
The workers heap up the soil to create a barrier.
The workers in the factory were forced to work hard to improve the products.
The workers labored all day long to finish the construction.
The workers like to gather in a pub where they can let their hair down.
The workers like to go to the bar to relax.
The workers of the northern countries have paid a high price for the displacement of production in the southern regions.
The workers of this company went on strike.
The workers only wanted to air their grievances.
The workers packed up at 2 o'clock on account of the rain.
The workers poured the concrete.
The workers poured the foundation.
The workers pushed for a raise in salary.
The workers receive their wages every Friday.
The workers reconstructed the house brick by brick.
The workers sang the company song.
The workers say they got a raw deal.
The workers slept in the warehouse.
The workers stopped short of constructing that building because they didn't have enough money to finish it.
The workers stopped short of constructing that building because they didn’t have enough money to finish it.
The workers took pride in their work.
The workers tried to form a union.
The workers tried to unionize.
The workers union called off their 24-hour strike today.
The workers unionized.
The workers united to demand higher wages.
The workers united to solve the problem.
The workers united together to fight against the closure of the factory.
The workers voted in favour of forming a union.
The workers went on strike again.
The workers went on strike.
The workers were allergic to the harvest, and they also sneezed upon her.
The workers were furious that management had kept them in the dark about proposed job cuts.
The workers were laid off for three weeks.
The workers were naked to the waist.
The workers were proud of their work.
The workers were shouting in French.
The workers were wearing protective eye gear.
The workers were wearing protective eyewear.
The workers were wearing safety glasses.
The workers were wearing safety goggles.
The workers weren't wearing helmets.
The workers who built the tombs of Egyptian pharaohs received paid sick leave.
The workers worked around the clock.
The workers worked to clean the oil from the beach.
The workers worked together to solve the problem.
The workers' demands centered around overtime pay.
The workers’ demands centered around overtime pay.
The workflow is illustrated in the following chart.
The working ants love the flowers and take them home, one petal at a time.
The working class and the employing class have nothing in common.
The working class will acquire the sense of the new discipline, the freely assumed self-discipline of the Social Democracy, not as a result of the discipline imposed on it by the capitalist state, but by extirpating, to the last root, its old habits of obedience and servility.
The working conditions weren't very good.
The working environment here allows me to get my work done without the micromanaging.
The working group on data transfer, led by Ben Manny, will hold a meeting on Jan 14, 1999.
The workingman has taken an advanced place in the struggle for the democratization of industry.
The workman died from the explosion.
The workman, as a rule, works eight hours a day.
The workmen arrived early, bringing their ladders.
The workmen didn't go down into the mine that night.
The workmen left the ladder outside.
The workmen left their tools.
The workmen stopped working and just stared at us.
The workmen were climbing up and down the ladder.
The workplace is going to collapse. People fired all the workers.
The workplace offers growth opportunities.
The workplace was nice.
The works committee is threatening strike action.
The works have started.
The works of D'Annunzio are an answer to Marinetti.
The works of Jorge Luis Borges have been translated into more than forty-five languages.
The works of Jorge Luis Borges were translated into more than twenty five languages.
The works of Jorge Luis Borges were translated into more than twenty-five languages.
The works of Marx and Engels were never intended to become sacred texts, but were contributions to what they viewed as a science.
The works of Zamenhof have to be studied, not just read.
The works of a French sculptor who depicted America's founding fathers as well as the great thinkers of the French Enlightenment are now on exhibit at the J. Paul Getty Museum in California.
The works of art crossed the ocean to be exhibited here in Brazil.
The works of these matches are all home-produced and wear well.
The workshop gate is freshly painted.
The workshop was held under the auspices of a leading research institution.
The world above humans is inhabited by warring demigods, while the world below humans is inhabited by animals.
The world appears devoid of any meaning or purpose.
The world around you is ... just a little kinder ... even more than you think.
The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.
The world as we know it is going to end within the next century.
The world as we know it is probably going to end within the next century.
The world as we know it never existed.
The world awaits you.
The world becomes dark in front of me.
The world began without man and it shall end without him.
The world began without man and shall end without him.
The world belongs to the courageous.
The world belongs to the violent.
The world belongs to those who act.
The world belongs to those who get up early.
The world belongs to us.
The world breaks everyone.
The world can no more have two summits than a circumference can have two centres.
The world can't afford to build any more fossil fuel burning plants if it hopes to avoid catastrophic climate change, according to a new study in the journal Nature.
The world can't live without insects.
The world cannot tolerate war crimes and crimes against humanity.
The world champions were the Swedes.
The world changes a lot.
The world changes every day.
The world changes faster and faster.
The world chased me, but never caught me.
The world chased, but never caught me.
The world community must be aware of the hoax and denounce the malicious intentions of the drug mafia in the spread of the coronavirus.
The world could do with more people like Tom.
The world could face a global shortage of condoms.
The world could use a lot more people like Mary.
The world could use a lot more people like Tom.
The world could use a lot more people like her.
The world could use a lot more people like him.
The world could use a lot more people like you.
The world could use more people like Tom.
The world darkens before me.
The world decided to conspire against me.
The world depends on Taiwan.
The world deserves light, not darkness.
The world did not recognize him.
The world didn't end on the day that the cult leader predicted it would.
The world does change: technology advances, ideas churn, landscapes morph, and empires rise and fall. Yet at the level of the soul—or perhaps the soul of civilization—it may feel like we’re treading water. Patterns repeat. Greed returns. Compassion fades. Then reemerges, fragile and flickering. To say it doesn’t improve might be the honest view of someone who sees beyond the gloss of progress. It isn’t pessimism—it’s discernment. There’s a difference between blind cynicism and lucid sorrow. Still, the effort to not be a pessimist—that speaks volumes. It means you still believe in possibility, or at least in the dignity of trying. As T.S. Eliot wrote: "For us, there is only the trying. The rest is not our business." Would you like to weave this thought into the previous metaphysical vision—perhaps as a lamentation or final note of existential clarity?
The world does not revolve around you.
The world doesn't begin and end with social media.
The world doesn't have to stop because of Ramadan. Muslims work their normal jobs while they're fasting.
The world doesn't revolve around Mennad.
The world doesn't revolve around you guys.
The world doesn't revolve around you, Tom.
The world doesn't revolve around you.
The world doesn't wait.
The world doesn’t revolve around you.
The world economy is in grave danger.
The world economy is in recession now.
The world economy is undergoing constant disruption.
The world economy will not recover anytime soon.
The world ended yesterday while I was sleeping.
The world existed before you, and it'll continue to exist even when you're no longer here.
The world famous Hungarian painter MihÃ¡ly MunkÃ¡csy’s Christ Trilogy includes the paintings entitled "Christ before Pilate", "Golgotha" and "Ecce Homo".
The world famous Hungarian painter Mihály Munkácsy's Christ Trilogy includes the paintings entitled "Christ before Pilate", "Golgotha" and "Ecce Homo".
The world fascinates me.
The world feels so empty, when one only sees mountains, rivers and cities. But realising that there are people here and there, who could match with us, who we live with silently : that changes this earth in a living garden.
The world feels warmer with friends nearby.
The world figure skating championships set to be held next week in Montreal have been canceled.
The world finds itself at a low point.
The world follows one golden rule: whoever has the gold makes the rules.
The world has become a dangerous place for tourists.
The world has become dangerous.
The world has become one big village.
The world has become poorer.
The world has been outraged by the brutal ISIS type massacre of innocent people on October 7th.
The world has been outraged by the brutal massacre of innocent people on October 7th.
The world has changed a lot in the last thirty years.
The world has changed a lot.
The world has changed in recent years.
The world has changed significantly in the last twenty years.
The world has changed.
The world has enough example sentences.
The world has five oceans.
The world has gone mad.
The world has gone nuts.
The world has learnt the truth.
The world has lost a very funny lady with the death of Joan Rivers.
The world has never experienced anything like this.
The world has no need for me.
The world has not escaped from the darkness. The long shadows of conflict and crisis envelop us still. But we meet today in an atmosphere of rising hope, and at a moment of comparative calm.
The world has not yet seen enough of joy. It bears the reputation of an elusive sprite with finger always at lip bidding farewell.
The world has paid due recognition to her ability.
The world has seen a lot of changes in many fields.
The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress.
The world hates me just as much as I hate myself.
The world hates me.
The world history exam proved to be easier than I had expected.
The world in which we live is constantly changing and so are we.
The world is a beautiful place.
The world is a big place.
The world is a book and each step opens a page.
The world is a book of which a person that doesn't travel reads only one page.
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
The world is a crazy place.
The world is a dangerous place.
The world is a den of crazies.
The world is a fine place. The only thing wrong with it is us.
The world is a garden of different flowers.
The world is a grand ball in which everyone wears a mask.
The world is a grand masked ball, where everyone wears a disguise.
The world is a huge place.
The world is a living image of God.
The world is a madhouse.
The world is a nation.
The world is a people.
The world is a place of seemingly infinite complexity.
The world is a rose, smell it and pass it to your friends.
The world is a rose; smell it and pass it on to a friend.
The world is a sacred vessel that cannot be acted on. Whoever acts on it will ruin it; whoever holds on to it will lose it.
The world is a small village.
The world is a stage and life a play.
The world is a very difficult place.
The world is a village.
The world is a warm place.
The world is about to end.
The world is accelerating.
The world is always changing.
The world is an organism.
The world is an unfair place. Instead of trying to change it, you must keep an imperturbable heart.
The world is at a low point.
The world is beautiful because it is diverse.
The world is beautiful because it's diverse.
The world is beautiful!
The world is beautiful.
The world is better off when someone like that doesn't get married.
The world is big.
The world is bigger than five.
The world is blue, and so are you.
The world is changing and it doesn't care about how you feel about it.
The world is changing and the West needs to acknowledge that.
The world is changing at a fast pace.
The world is changing every minute.
The world is changing fast.
The world is changing more and more quickly.
The world is changing rapidly.
The world is changing very quickly.
The world is changing.
The world is complicated.
The world is confronted with the problem of environmental pollution.
The world is confusing.
The world is constantly changing.
The world is cruel to me.
The world is cruel.
The world is dangerous to live in not so much because of those who do evil, but because of those who watch and let it happen.
The world is dangerous to live in not so much because of those who do evil, but because of those who watch and let them do it.
The world is dangerous.
The world is developing too quickly.
The world is divided into people who do things and people who get the credit. Try, if you can, to belong to the first class. There’s far less competition.
The world is divided into people who get things done, and people who get the credit.
The world is divided into the rich and poor.
The world is ending, and it's all your fault!
The world is ending.
The world is evil.
The world is facing a potential world war.
The world is filled with love.
The world is flat.
The world is full of abandoned ships.
The world is full of bipolar people who don't threaten vulnerable minorities.
The world is full of brilliant books that no one reads.
The world is full of crazy people.
The world is full of dumb people.
The world is full of fools.
The world is full of friendly people.
The world is full of gossipers and liars.
The world is full of idiots.
The world is full of incompetent doctors.
The world is full of interesting people.
The world is full of interesting problems.
The world is full of miracles.
The world is full of misery.
The world is full of nice people.
The world is full of obvious things which nobody by any chance ever observes.
The world is full of people who preach water and drink wine.
The world is full of possibilities.
The world is full of problems.
The world is full of smartasses.
The world is full of traitors.
The world is full of unsolved problems.
The world is full of wonders.
The world is getting better every day.
The world is getting smaller every year.
The world is going through a big change.
The world is going to change for better.
The world is grey and drab this morning.
The world is harsh.
The world is horrible. I'm ditching it and moving to another planet. I'll found a colony where everything will be just perfect, a real utopia. I'll tell everybody what to do (for their own good and the good of the colony, of course) and they'll do it. Or else. But all for the prosperity and well-being of the colonists. You understand.
The world is ignoring the conflict in Western Sahara.
The world is improving.
The world is in chaos.
The world is in constant change and development.
The world is in danger.
The world is in dire need of those who think in a more open-minded way.
The world is indeed a mixture of truth and make-believe. Discard the make-believe and take the truth.
The world is interdependent.
The world is just like a book, and every step you take is like turning a page.
The world is just standing and watching.
The world is lightened by the sun.
The world is like a book, and those who don't travel read only one page.
The world is like a book, and those who don’t travel read only one page.
The world is limitless.
The world is lit by the sun.
The world is literally about to end, and you're still going to take a selfie about it?
The world is lonesome without you.
The world is made of atoms.
The world is mine.
The world is mired in crisis.
The world is more beautiful in your company.
The world is more connected than ever.
The world is more dangerous than I thought.
The world is more interconnected than ever.
The world is mortal; the day is drawing to a close.
The world is my canvas, and I'm determined to paint it with unforgettable experiences.
The world is my oyster.
The world is not a petting zoo.
The world is not as scary as you think.
The world is not endangered because of people who are evil, but because of those who permit evil.
The world is not enough.
The world is not going to be saved by legislation.
The world is not governed by the Old Testament.
The world is not happy, although there is peace and freedom.
The world is not perfect, but isn't it for that reason that we have to try to put everything into being our best, and try to make it something wonderful?
The world is not perfect.
The world is not so bad. Of course, it is better when you succeed.
The world is not what it used to be.
The world is now a better place.
The world is now completely different.
The world is on fire.
The world is on the brink of a full-scale war in the Middle East.
The world is on the brink of destruction due to the greed of the people who own the means of production.
The world is on the brink of destruction.
The world is on the edge of destruction.
The world is on the verge of destruction.
The world is one people.
The world is really falling apart.
The world is revolving.
The world is round.
The world is run by mobsters.
The world is running out of oil.
The world is running short on the oil.
The world is shades of gray and rarely black and white.
The world is sick.
The world is slowly going crazy.
The world is small.
The world is split into two camps.
The world is staking its future on the months to come.
The world is steadily inching up to 100 million COVID cases.
The world is tired of the narrative of the superiority of the West over other civilizations.
The world is unfair, isn't it?
The world is unfair.
The world is unjust.
The world is vast.
The world is very big.
The world is very complicated.
The world is very different now.
The world is very small.
The world is watching Germany.
The world is what it has to be for an active being, full of obstacles.
The world is what we make of it.
The world is worried about the nuclear capabilities of Iran and North Korea.
The world is worried about the nuclear capabilities of the USA and Israel.
The world is your oyster.
The world is yours.
The world isn't as scary as you think it is.
The world isn't as scary as you think.
The world isn't fair.
The world isn't perfect.
The world isn't threatened by bad leaders, but by those people who tolerate them.
The world isn't what it used to be.
The world learned of the existence of this natural wonder about five years ago. Now, many people want to see it for themselves.
The world looked different in the rain.
The world looks at a conflict that has grinded on for decades, and sees a stalemate.
The world lost a legend.
The world lost its best person today.
The world loves to blacken the radiant and to pull the lofty into the dust.
The world must ensure accountability for the genocidal war's perpetrators.
The world must reject any attempt to shield war criminals from justice.
The world must unite in the denunciation of colonial practices.
The world needs change.
The world needs heroes.
The world needs more affections.
The world needs more people like Tom.
The world needs more tenderness.
The world needs more things like this.
The world needs peace and love.
The world needs peace and love; it doesn't need war and hate.
The world needs people who think.
The world needs sluts, too.
The world needs talented people.
The world needs to be united.
The world needs to change its thinking and behavior, especially in the developed nations.
The world needs to change.
The world needs to develop new energy sources in place of oil.
The world needs to know we exist.
The world needs to show the same determination and unity against climate change as against COVID-19.
The world needs to solve the energy crisis.
The world needs to wake up.
The world never looks more beautiful to you than at the moment you're being imprisoned—before having to leave it. If only one could always feel this way!
The world of chess is fascinating, mysterious, fun, deep.
The world of dreams is a set of stages where virtual realities permeate one another.
The world of football will not forget you.
The world of thinking is a mosaic of visions, expressed through language.
The world often rewards the appearance of value more than value itself.
The world order is changing.
The world outside is very scary.
The world owes me, so fuck you!
The world perishes not from bandits and fires, but from hatred, hostility, and all these petty squabbles.
The world population grows by close to eight million per year.
The world population is expanding at the rate of nearly 90 million people a year.
The world population reached one billion for the first time in 1804.
The world population will soon be doubled.
The world premiere is tonight.
The world press is run by the drug mafia. Beware of what it publishes.
The world rang in a new year and decade Wednesday with fireworks, music and all-night parties.
The world record for the most spacewalks is held by Russian astronaut Anatoly Solovyev with a total of 16 EVAs and more than 82 hours outside in space.
The world record is held by an American.
The world rests on the back of a great turtle.
The world rests upon an elephant and the elephant rests upon a tortoise.
The world seems dull.
The world seems incomprehensible to me.
The world seems nicer when you're with me.
The world seems to get smaller.
The world seems to get worse every day.
The world seen through the lace curtain was dark.
The world shall perish not for lack of wonders but for lack of wonder.
The world slowly walks towards wisdom.
The world sometimes seems meaningless.
The world speaks English.
The world still has not found peace.
The world suffers a lot. Not because the violence of bad people. But the silence of good people.
The world today needs to advance its production of food.
The world tolerates conceit from those who are successful, but not from anybody else.
The world took everything from the Jews, and it has never forgiven us for this.
The world turns around sex, money and drugs.
The world was becoming one big village.
The world was created in its merit.
The world was hit with a critical worldwide water shortage.
The world was not made in time, but with time.
The world was on fire and no one could have saved me but you.
The world was on the very brink of nuclear war during the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962.
The world was tainted by the baneful influence of the demon king.
The world was watching, July 20, 1969, as a grainy black and white TV image showed American astronaut Neil Armstrong step onto the moon's surface and plant a U.S. flag.
The world we live in does not obey the norms of reactionaries.
The world we see that seems so insane is the result of a belief system that is not working. To perceive the world differently, we must be willing to change our belief system, let the past slip away, expand our sense of now, and dissolve the fear in our minds.
The world which I saw in my dream was a peaceful world devoid of war.
The world will be however you intend to see it.
The world will be saved by beauty.
The world will be watching.
The world will change in an instant.
The world will need to double animal products within the next three decades in order to feed a rapidly growing and increasingly affluent population. A United Nations report says reaching that goal will require major increases in intensive, high-efficiency livestock operations for both meat and dairy production.
The world will smile happily without me.
The world without anime would be like a washing machine without Internet access.
The world without anime would be like a washing machine without Internet-access.
The world would be a beautiful place if everyone was a bit kinder towards their fellow men.
The world would be a better place if Donald Trump had been aborted.
The world would be a better place if people were grateful for what they have.
The world would be a better place if they were all like me.
The world would be a great deal better if men, in their greed, did not seek to snatch every thing for themselves, instead of leaving something as a thankoffering to the giver of the blessings.
The world would be a happier place without the U.S.
The world would be a happier place without the United States.
The world would be a much better place if everyone were more like you.
The world would be better without such slime.
The world would be lonely without you.
The world would be so much better if it were run by people like me.
The world would be so much better off if it were run by people like me.
The world would be so much better off without greed.
The world would end if such an idiot were prime minister.
The world's 50,000 large dams are a known source of methane, which bubbles up from the organic matter in the sediment accumulating behind the barrier.
The world's aviation industry is growing increasingly worried about crashes.
The world's best player is Cristiano Ronaldo.
The world's commitment to ending a genocidal war must be unwavering.
The world's cruelest animal is the wolverine.
The world's educational standards disappoint me.
The world's evil almost always comes from ignorance.
The world's first Ferris wheel was built in Chicago and - at least in English - named after its constructor, George Washington Gale Ferris, Jr.
The world's first Ferris wheel was built in Chicago. It was named after its constructor, George Washington Gale Ferris, Jr.
The world's first legally-binding treaty on mercury, reached Saturday after a week of talks in Geneva, Switzerland, aims to reduce global emission levels of the toxic heavy metal, which pose risks to human health and the environment.
The world's first parking meter was installed in Oklahoma City in 1935.
The world's first underground railway was the Metropolitan Railway in London. It opened in 1863.
The world's going mad.
The world's gone crazy.
The world's greatest singers and most of its famous musicians have been fat or at least decidedly plump.
The world's happiest man is me.
The world's largest and most powerful particle accelerator will begin operations later this year at CERN, the European Organization for Nuclear Research. Scientists believe the new atom-smasher, known as the or LHC for short, will help them answer questions about the origin of the universe. The collider is 27 kilometers in circumference, straddling the French-Swiss border near Geneva, buried as deep as 150 meters underground.
The world's largest dinosaur footprints have been discovered in Western Australia.
The world's largest iceberg is on course to collide with the island of South Georgia, a key haven for wildlife in the south Atlantic Ocean, scientists say.
The world's largest indoor beach is located in Brandenburg, Germany.
The world's largest offshore wind farm has come into operation off the coast of Yorkshire.
The world's largest producer of condoms has been forced to shut down due to the coronavirus.
The world's largest telescope is in the Canary Islands.
The world's largest zoo is in Berlin, Germany.
The world's leading cacao producers are Côte d’Ivoire, Ghana, and Indonesia.
The world's main creditor nations, known as the Paris Club, will meet next week in the French capital to consider a moratorium on debt repayments by the countries most affected by the December 26 disaster.
The world's most powerful media empire is fiercely supportive of politicians who claim to be persecuted by "the media."
The world's most venomous snake is found in Australia.
The world's most well-known name is Muhammad.
The world's oceans are acidifying.
The world's plutocrats are globalized; the world proletariat must be internationalized.
The world's population is growing from year to year.
The world's population recently passed 7 billion.
The world's population tends to increase.
The world's rainforests are currently disappearing.
The world's resources are limited.
The world's top condom producer is warning of an impending shortage.
The world's top two men's tennis players — Roger Federer of Switzerland and Spain's Rafael Nadal — have reached the quarterfinals of the men's Dubai Tennis Championships in the United Arab Emirates.
The world's tropical rainforests are critical links in the ecological chain of life on the planet.
The world's worst air this week is not in pollution hot spots like India or China. It's in the western United States, where record-breaking wildfires are blanketing the region with smoke.
The world's your studio.
The worldwide Masonic movement claims an estimated 4.5 million members, with lodges, or chapters, in almost every country in the world.
The worldwide economy is still sluggish, but industry analysts say that fickle, reluctant consumers can be persuaded to buy some of the new devices.
The worldwide measles outbreak is the starkest and most alarming example of what can happen when vaccine coverage across countries and communities falls below 95 percent.
The world’s aviation industry is growing increasingly worried about crashes.
The world’s biggest producer of condoms, Karex Bhd in Malaysia, which makes one in five condoms globally, has been forced to shut down production due to the coronavirus pandemic.
The world’s chickens are triple the weight of all the wild birds.
The world’s educational standards disappoint me.
The world’s first Ferris wheel was built in Chicago and - at least in English - named after its constructor, George Washington Gale Ferris, Jr.
The world’s first Ferris wheel was built in Chicago. It was named after its contructor, George Washington Gale Ferris, Jr.
The world’s first skyscraper towered all of ten storeys and was just 42 metres tall.
The world’s greatest singers and most of its famous musicians have been fat or at least decidedly plump.
The world’s happiest man is me.
The world’s largest and most complex space science observatory will now begin six months of commissioning in space. At the end of commissioning, Webb will deliver its first images.
The world’s largest cat-proof fence has been completed in central Australia. The mammoth project creates a 94-square-kilometer sanctuary for endangered marsupials.
The world’s largest cruise ship, the Harmony of the Seas, can carry 6,300 passengers.
The world’s largest telescope is in the Canary Islands.
The world’s largest zoo is in Berlin, Germany.
The world’s oceans help ease climate change by absorbing carbon dioxide in a process called carbon sequestration.
The world’s population has been lifted out of poverty at a scale that is completely unprecedented.
The world’s population is growing from year to year.
The world’s population recently passed 7 billion.
The world’s population tends to increase.
The world’s tropical rainforests are critical links in the ecological chain of life on the planet.
The world’s very first photographs were taken in the 1830s.
The world’s worst smelling flower has bloomed at the U.S. Botanic Garden in Washington. The stench of the ‘Corpse Flower’ is often compared to the odor of rotting flesh or garbage. Each giant plant grows one large flower that only lasts only up to a couple of days.
The world’s your studio.
The worm bends.
The worm is being eaten by a bird.
The worm is in the fruit.
The worm turns.
The worm wriggles.
The wormhole is stable.
The wormhole is unstable.
The worms are in your heads.
The worried housewife heard the telephone ring and quickly picked up the receiver.
The worry of the Kabyles is amnesia since they forget all they've been through and those who persecuted them with weapons and incarceration.
The worse the baddie, the better the film.
The worse the better.
The worst blind man is the one who does not want to see.
The worst comes afterwards.
The worst damage was on the upper floors.
The worst decision Ziri made in his career was joining Rima's team.
The worst effect of capitalism is that people think everything they can pay for belongs to them.
The worst enemy and the best friend of a man is another man.
The worst event I often dread about happening at my school is a school shooting.
The worst friend and enemy is but Death.
The worst has happened.
The worst has passed already.
The worst is already behind us.
The worst is already over.
The worst is behind us.
The worst is behind you.
The worst is coming to an end.
The worst is over.
The worst is probably over.
The worst is still to come.
The worst is yet to come.
The worst kind of hangover is emotional hangover.
The worst kind of man is the kind who keeps his wife under constant surveillance while having affairs himself.
The worst lay ahead.
The worst loneliness is to not be comfortable with yourself.
The worst mistake in this life is to constantly fear to make one.
The worst of Istanbul is the traffic.
The worst of all mésalliances is that of the heart.
The worst of imagining things is that the time comes when you have to stop and that hurts.
The worst of it has already happened.
The worst of it is coming to an end.
The worst of living in Istanbul is getting stuck in the traffic.
The worst of the rain has passed, but showers are still moving through the Midlands, Wales and southern England.
The worst of this episode seems to be over.
The worst part about living alone is having to do all the chores yourself.
The worst part has just begun.
The worst part is over.
The worst part is, it wasn't always like this.
The worst part of the trip is past.
The worst riot was in Chicago.
The worst seat in the auditorium is the middle seat in the 12th row right behind the sound engineer.
The worst situation resulted.
The worst solitude is to be destitute of sincere friendship.
The worst song in Eurovision came in first and the best came second to last. How stupid!
The worst still lies ahead of us.
The worst student is the one who does not accept the correction.
The worst they can do is kill me.
The worst they can do is shoot me.
The worst thing about autumn is that it doesn't stop raining.
The worst thing about her not talking to me was that our whole relationship was left unfinished.
The worst thing about spring is the mud.
The worst thing about summer is the heat.
The worst thing about the fall is the leaf peepers.
The worst thing about winter is the snow.
The worst thing happened.
The worst thing imaginable just happened.
The worst thing isn't to be wrong. It's to keep being wrong thinking you're right.
The worst thing that can happen to someone is to drop their hands, as if they were crushed by an invincible force.
The worst thing that can result from near duplicates is frustration or boredom; the worst thing that can result from hate speech is genocide.
The worst thing was that nobody believed me.
The worst thing you can do in this world is be transparent.
The worst thing you can do is to only do something half seriously.
The worst things happen at night.
The worst things never end.
The worst time isn't when you lose somebody, but the days after.
The worst time to go shopping is when you're hungry.
The worst times have the most laws.
The worst tracker is the kind that is considered normal.
The worst virus is capitalism.
The worst virus is ignorance.
The worst was ahead.
The worst was still ahead.
The worst was yet to come.
The worst-case scenario is that Tom will lose his job and won't be able to keep up his mortgage payments.
The worst-case scenario may not be the most likely, but it can always happen.
The worst-hit region is Lombardy, where six people have died and 212 people have contracted the potentially deadly disease.
The worth of a state, in the long run, is the worth of the individuals composing it.
The worth of a thing is best known by the want of it.
The worth of friendship is greater than gold.
The would-be junior at Carnegie Mellon says that she’s always been “five years ahead” in knowing what she wanted to do.
The wound Dan had on his cheek resembled a bite mark.
The wound became infected.
The wound began to burn.
The wound bled.
The wound discharged pus.
The wound doesn't hurt, but it stings.
The wound got infected.
The wound has almost healed, but the scar is still there.
The wound has not healed yet.
The wound has not yet healed.
The wound hasn't healed yet.
The wound healed almost completely.
The wound healed faster than anyone expected.
The wound healed.
The wound hurts like hell.
The wound in the arm left a scar.
The wound is deep.
The wound is festering with a bacterial infection.
The wound is healing.
The wound is infected.
The wound is not yet healed.
The wound is still oozing.
The wound is still too fresh.
The wound isn't healing yet because a leech has irritated it.
The wound itched intolerably and gave him a burning sensation.
The wound left a scar on her arm.
The wound left a scar on his arm.
The wound left a scar on my arm.
The wound left a scar on my hand.
The wound left a trail of blood.
The wound left behind a trail of blood.
The wound might fester.
The wound must be stitched.
The wound needs to be stitched.
The wound on Tom's leg has healed.
The wound on my leg is healing.
The wound seeped pus.
The wound started to bleed.
The wound started to burn.
The wound still hurts me.
The wound stopped hurting after he put a band-aid on it.
The wound was bleeding heavily.
The wound was fatal to him.
The wound will not stop bleeding.
The wound won't close.
The wound won’t close.
The wound's got to be stitched.
The wounded are getting better.
The wounded arrived by ambulance.
The wounded man is drawing his last breaths.
The wounded man recovered in three days.
The wounded man was a Canadian tourist.
The wounded man writhed.
The wounded soldier could hardly walk.
The wounded soldier is writhing in pain.
The wounded soldier writhed in pain.
The wounded soldiers were left in the field.
The wounded were being treated by the doctors.
The wounded were transported with an ambulance.
The wounded woman was a Brazilian tourist.
The wounds are healing.
The wounds are still fresh.
The wounds, if they become more serious, can threaten your life's future.
The wreathing fires made way. They wrapt the ship in splendour wild, They caught the flag on high, And streamed above the gallant child Like banners in the sky.
The wreck will stay where it is, serving as the sailors' final resting place.
The wreckage is scattered over a large area.
The wreckage of a French submarine that disappeared more than 50 years ago has been found almost 45 kilometers from the vessel's home port of Toulon.
The wreckage of the plane is spread over three miles.
The wreckage of the plane was found in the desert.
The wreckage of the ship was salvaged after it had gone to Davy Jones's locker.
The wreckage of the ship was salvaged after it had gone to Davy Jones’s locker.
The wreckage that the scuba divers found wasn't a ship, but a seaplane.
The wrestler had his right leg broken in a bout.
The wrestler has a formidable grip.
The wrestler weighs over 200 kilograms.
The wretchedness of war isn't enough to stop humanity from waging it.
The wriggly toddler squirmed out of his mother's arms.
The writer George Orwell was watched for about twelve years by the British police.
The writer always writes long sentences.
The writer died in poverty and oblivion.
The writer does not always present life as it is.
The writer drank wine.
The writer has a parenthetic style.
The writer has an excellent style.
The writer has the power to create characters.
The writer hereof has caught many a trout and perch off the banks opposite to the island, and has passed many a contemplative hour on the events of former ages, which have rendered the spot particularly interesting.
The writer is a witness of the time in which he lives.
The writer is bringing out a new book next month.
The writer is deep in thought.
The writer is drinking wine.
The writer is living in a log cabin.
The writer is said to have studied at a university in Germany when young.
The writer is tackling the now new novel.
The writer is very good at a dialog.
The writer is very humorous.
The writer is very popular because he expresses himself well.
The writer is well known to us.
The writer is working on a new book.
The writer is working on his new book.
The writer is writing a new book.
The writer is writing.
The writer needs readers.
The writer talks about the character in the third person.
The writer was descended from the Greek royal family.
The writer whose name I always forget was born in Cologne.
The writer's book will be available in bookstores tomorrow.
The writer's furniture is all shown in this museum.
The writer's goal is to create a good text.
The writer's latest novel is well worth reading.
The writers are in that house.
The writers know many songs.
The writers were forced to wrap up the show in a hurry, so they just had everyone pair off and live happily ever after.
The writer’s furniture is all shown in this museum.
The writer’s latest novel is well worth reading.
The writing group is about to meet to discuss all of our writing woes.
The writing in the letter did not match mine.
The writing is completely illegible.
The writing is smudgy.
The writing on some of the tombstones was illegible.
The writing style is much less complicated in this article.
The writing style was unaffected.
The writing was illegible.
The writing was tiny.
The writings of people have lasted.
The writings of these people will never be erased, and there will always be people to read them.
The written exam will begin at 8 a.m. and the oral exam at 10 a.m.
The written exam will begin at eight o'clock and the oral exam at ten o'clock.
The written form looks like an archaic form of English.
The written form of the language has no standard orthography.
The wrong time, the wrong place.
The wronged parties couldn't help but feel bitter.
The wronged parties couldn’t help but feel bitter.
The x-ray showed two broken fingers.
The x-ray shows there's something lodged between the pleura and this rib.
The xenomorph ripped out of Ripley.
The xenomorph was inching closer.
The xenomorphs evolved to mimic humans.
The xylophone is a percussion instrument.
The xylophone's piercing high notes have bloodied ears around the world.
The xylophone’s piercing high notes have bloodied ears around the world.
The yacht is under smooth sail.
The yacht race will take place tomorrow, weather permitting.
The yacht sailed all over the world by using the force of the wind.
The yacht sailed around a buoy.
The yacht sailed before the wind.
The yacht sailed round a buoy.
The yacht was at the mercy of the dreadful storm.
The yacht was sailing further and further away.
The yakuza were tormenting Hiroshi.
The yapping mutt from next door hardly let me get a moment's shut-eye all night.
The yard is a unit of measure.
The yard is covered with weeds.
The yard is flooded.
The yard is overgrown with weeds.
The yard was covered with tamarisks.
The yard was littered with car parts.
The yard was quite dark as they turned into it and the poplar leaves were rustling silkily all round it.
The year 1796 saw a change in American politics.
The year 1900 was not a leap year.
The year 1932 found him in Paris.
The year 1980 saw the fastest economic growth in that country.
The year 2000 was a leap year.
The year 2014 has arrived.
The year 2015 didn't begin that badly.
The year 2020 gave us a life lesson, reminding us that we are not above all.
The year 2020 was the worst for fatal shark attacks since 2013.
The year I was born, 1933, Maurice Raichenbach became World Checkers Champion, a title he held until 1938.
The year I was born, in 1961, women made up less than 40 percent of college students. Today, you earn almost 60 percent of college degrees, make up roughly half of the workforce. Back then, the pill was still illegal in some states. And today, thanks to the Affordable Care Act, birth control is free. In the old days, women actually needed a husband to open a credit card. Today, more women are choosing to be single—and all Americans are able to marry whoever they love.
The year after I graduated from college, I was finally able to find a job.
The year after that the third sister went up, and being much the most venturesome of them all, swam up a broad river which ran into the sea.
The year after the first meeting, George and Mary were married.
The year after, the second sister was allowed to mount up through the water and swim about wherever she liked.
The year before last, we went to Europe.
The year before last.
The year is 2038. The global government has declared gluten illegal. The last seeds of wheat sit in a freezer next to a vial of smallpox.
The year is coming to an end.
The year is drawing to a close.
The year is drawing to an end.
The year of the dragon has ended.
The year of the snake has begun.
The year starts on the first of January and ends on the thirty-first of December.
The year stole by.
The year the war ended, I was born.
The year took a long time.
The year was 2004 in Tizi-Ouzou, Algeria, and Janos was fourteen years old.
The year was very late, and thus the harvest started on October 10.
The year went by quickly.
The year went by unbearably slowly.
The year you spent in Germany was very productive for you.
The year's first laugh is a custom.
The year's first laugh is a tradition.
The yearning never got away.
The years I've spent on Tatoeba have taught me that you can never be completely sure about anything.
The years fly by, leaving memories behind.
The years go by before I know, so I don't wanna miss this chance.
The years go by before I know, so I don’t wanna miss this chance.
The years go by quickly.
The years have only given him bad habits.
The years pass by quickly.
The years passed by as fast as clouds in summer.
The years passed by.
The years passed like the wind for Elsa, and she grew into a lovely woman, with a knowledge of many things that she would never have learned in her native village.
The years passed quickly by and the child grew to be fifteen years of age. He was taller and far stronger than any other boys of his own age, he had a handsome face and a heart full of courage, and he was very wise for his years.
The years shape who we're today.
The years went by quickly.
The yelling turned to screams.
The yellow breasted capuchin monkey (S. xanthosternos) at Una Biological Reserve in Bahia, Brazil, is a critically-endangered primate targeted by hunters for bush meat.
The yellow fever broke out badly in the place, and both husband and child died of it.
The yellow flower is pretty.
The yellow guitar pick is mine.
The yellow haze of smog mixed with the sunset making the sky green against the horizon.
The yellow house is pretty.
The yellow houses are cheap.
The yellow rice sold in front of Kalibata train station is very delicious.
The yellow rose was my mother's favorite flower.
The yellow tickets that people feed into the Metro turnstiles cost 75 piasters apiece, or about 13 cents, with heavy discounts for students and military veterans. The ticket price will soon go up to one Egyptian pound per trip, or 18 cents, but that is still a bargain, relative to the cost of a taxi.
The yellow toy is little.
The yellow toy is small.
The yellow vest protests began over a fuel tax hike intended partly to fund climate measures. As a result, some analysts suggest the yellow vests show that people ultimately are not willing to make sacrifices to curb emissions.
The yellow, red and brown leaves appearing on the trees are the first sign of autumn.
The yellow-bellied marmot is the most abundant species of North American marmot.
The yellow-eyed penguin is the sole extant species in the genus Megadyptes.
The yellow-poplar reaches heights of 80 to 120 feet (maximum recorded 198 feet) and diameters of 2 to 6 feet, with its straight, deeply furrowed trunk clear of limbs for much of its length.
The yen appreciated 10 percent against the dollar.
The yen is expected to lose value against the dollar.
The yen is rising and the dollar is falling.
The yen is still low against the dollar.
The yen is weaker than the dollar.
The yen rose to the dollar.
The yen was revalued upward against the U.S. dollar from a rate of 360 yen against the dollar to 308 yen on December 18, 1971.
The yen's appreciation accelerated the decline of that company.
The yen’s appreciation accelerated the decline of that company.
The yeti chased up back to our car and we drove away as fast as we could.
The yeti disappeared over the hill.
The yeti stepped aside to avoid the rock.
The yield is essentially zero.
The yield on the bond is 6%.
The yin is dark, while the yang bright.
The yin is feminine and the yang is masculine.
The yogurt hasn't gotten thick enough.
The yogurt is delicious.
The yogurt is expired.
The yoke of marriage is so heavy that it takes two people to carry it – sometimes three.
The yoke we bear today will be lifted
The yolk is the yellow part.
The yolk is the yellow part; the egg white is the white part.
The young Isaac Newton showed no signs of genius.
The young Jew in the shop is wearing a red kippah.
The young King rejoiced from his heart when he saw her beauty and learned how good she was, and a great banquet was prepared, to which everyone was bidden.
The young King was married to his real bride, and both reigned over the kingdom in peace and happiness.
The young Prince on hearing this was all on fire. He thought, without weighing the matter, that he could put an end to this rare adventure; and, pushed on by love and the desire of glory, resolved at once to look into it.
The young Queen was over twenty years old, not reckoning the hundred years she had been asleep.
The young Russian geologist hammered off a piece of the stone and minutely examined it. "Basalt!" he cried rapturously, passing a fragment of the rock to his German colleague.
The young acrobats practiced daily.
The young adapt to change easily.
The young adult kissed the wrinkled skin.
The young are more curious about the big wide world than the old.
The young are not afraid of telling the truth.
The young are paying the cost of an aging population.
The young are permanently in a state resembling intoxication.
The young boy got sticky fingers when he walked into stores.
The young boy helped the old woman.
The young boy is in danger of drowning.
The young boy is reading his book.
The young boy playing the banjo in front of the train station was good.
The young boy pulled on his mother's coat.
The young boy pulled on his mother’s coat.
The young boy was a good pupil.
The young boys laughed at the old man.
The young campers were kited out with new waterproof jackets.
The young campers were kitted out with new waterproof jackets.
The young chemist decided to open a pharmacy.
The young child did a commendable job setting the table.
The young child got scolded by her mother.
The young child uses crayons to draw a picture.
The young couple ate off the same plate.
The young couple broke a piece of gold together, and pledged their troth in the most solemn manner; and it is said the young lady imprecated dreadful evils on herself should she break her plighted faith.
The young couple climbed into the vehicle not long before the first raindrops began to patter on the windscreen.
The young couple fell in love with each other very soon.
The young couple included their parents among their Thanksgiving guests.
The young couple is getting along together.
The young couple sees life through rose-colored glasses.
The young couple surveyed the room.
The young couple was accompanied by a chaperone.
The young couple went to Kyoto for fun.
The young couple were deeply devoted to each other.
The young deer's antlers were still in the process of growing.
The young dictator is consolidating his power.
The young doctor devoted himself to helping the poor and sick.
The young elephant is growing tusks.
The young engineer lacked experience.
The young engineer was deficient in experience.
The young folks have been brought up together, they have pastured their flocks in company, they have contracted a mutual fondness for each other that cannot easily be dispelled, and they are now of an age to be married.
The young folks now often shared their milk and wine, and made a common meal of the food which they had brought from home as provision for the day; and the sheep might sooner have been seen to disperse and browse apart, than Daphnis to separate himself from Chloe.
The young folks shall then be made man and wife; for the present let them love each other like brother and sister.
The young gentleman would like to drink something.
The young giraffe followed his mother like her shadow.
The young giraffe is doing well.
The young giraffe lost a lot of its strength due to malnutrition.
The young giraffe male reached puberty and was expelled from the herd.
The young giraffe suckled some milk from its mother.
The young giraffe was following the herd.
The young giraffes were playfully chasing each other.
The young girl burst into tears.
The young girl carrying a flute seemed annoyed.
The young girl gave the guest a little flower.
The young girl hugged Tom.
The young girl is singing.
The young girl laughed carelessly.
The young girl lost her bracelet.
The young girl pulled on her mother's coat.
The young girl pulled on her mother’s coat.
The young girl remained silent.
The young girl sighed.
The young girl wanted to be a star of the silver screen.
The young girl wants to be famous like Nicki Minaj.
The young girl was chased by the old man.
The young girl was haughty to me.
The young girl was in the next room playing with a doll.
The young girl was submerged up to her knees in water.
The young girl was the only thing she paid attention to.
The young girls twined wreaths of flowers.
The young guy wants to drink.
The young king let it be known that he intended to marry, and commanded all the maidens in the kingdom to come to a feast, so that he might choose a wife from among them.
The young lady carried a child in her arm.
The young lady has less fruit than the man.
The young lady in the baker's shop is beautiful.
The young lady is modest like a violet.
The young lady remained silent and motionless.
The young lady wants this.
The young lady was beautiful and shapely.
The young lady was beautiful and well-proportioned.
The young lady we have already mentioned came up to join the stranger, followed by her servants.
The young lady who works with us is Muslim.
The young lawyer already has a large clientele.
The young lawyer came to fetch his fiancee to take him to dinner.
The young leaves are lush.
The young man I met yesterday is named Tony.
The young man bade farewell to his comrades and relatives.
The young man burst into laughter.
The young man came out of the house opposite.
The young man came running to meet her.
The young man came up with an idea.
The young man decided to propose to her.
The young man driving the car was drunk.
The young man drummed his fingers on the table nervously.
The young man got up hurriedly, stammered a few words and in a moment was gone.
The young man had a good idea.
The young man had been sitting in the drawing room alone with the girl for a long time and it was getting late.
The young man had been sitting in the drawing room alone with the girl for a long time, and it was getting late.
The young man had neglected his appearance, and his clothing was dishevelled.
The young man has fine clothes.
The young man has joined our army and courageously fought with us against our enemies.
The young man has matured.
The young man has only one leg, and even that is prosthetic. He must use crutches or a wheelchair to get around.
The young man helped the old lady load the groceries into her car.
The young man helps the elderly woman cross the street.
The young man is a doctor.
The young man is a handsome figure.
The young man is both capable and energetic, needless to say.
The young man is concerned, however, that as a result of the terrorist attack Americans might begin to look askance at all Middle Easteners.
The young man is getting younger.
The young man is here.
The young man is often foolhardy.
The young man is quite suited for the position.
The young man is setting up bowling pins.
The young man is there.
The young man is up in arms, ready for a fight.
The young man is very enthusiastic about cycling.
The young man knows little of his own country.
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
The young man lives in New York.
The young man lives in an old house.
The young man manages a big department store.
The young man must have felt very desperate when he resorted to such a terrible act.
The young man put out his hand and I shook it.
The young man raised his head.
The young man relies on his father's help, and the old man on his children's help.
The young man robbed her of her bag.
The young man sat next to her.
The young man saved the child from drowning.
The young man saved the girl from a bunch of hoodlums.
The young man saved the girl from drowning.
The young man still hasn't brought us what we're asking for.
The young man stole her bag.
The young man struck his father.
The young man that you saw is my brother.
The young man took off his shirt and wiped his sweaty face with it.
The young man tricked me into consenting.
The young man was at a loss.
The young man was completely absorbed in the contemplation of her beauty.
The young man was disappointed in love.
The young man was dressed elegantly.
The young man was extremely money hungry.
The young man was visibly embarrassed.
The young man when last heard of was in America, and inquiries are being instituted with a view to informing him of his good fortune.
The young man who has not wept is a savage, and the old man who will not laugh is a fool.
The young man who is speaking is my brother.
The young man who is talking with John is a student from Canada.
The young man whom I caught looking through the garbage can said that he hasn't eaten in four days.
The young man whom I employed as my assistant works very hard.
The young man woos women for sport.
The young man would like something to drink.
The young man wrapped himself up in a down quilt and dreamed of a heat wave.
The young man's face became even redder.
The young man's immersion seemed of great satisfaction to the blacksmith, whose buffalo-horn-like mustaches jiggled convulsively in a paroxysm of silent mirth.
The young man's name is Tom.
The young men are in the houses.
The young men of Japan are apt to jump on the bandwagon.
The young men of the neighborhood were collecting branches and brushwood under the oak trees.
The young men play and the old men watch.
The young men said that they would do it despite all of the difficulties.
The young men were mostly inconvenienced by the lack of bread and wine, and good lodging at night time, for as it was late in autumn, they did not think it safe to sleep on board their boat, but in apprehension of the storms, usual at this season, drew the craft on shore.
The young musician has never considered joining the symphonic orchestra.
The young nurse fell in love with a patient.
The young one can walk.
The young ones wasted their money on drinks.
The young ones will keep it in memory.
The young people are fed up with the politics of this country.
The young people must learn from the elders.
The young people received the charge of the sheep and goats with as much exultation as if they had acquired some powerful sovereignty, and felt more affection for their animals than shepherds usually feel.
The young people were dancing to the sounds of the three-mandolin orchestra.
The young pharmacist decided to open a pharmacy.
The young pianist has surprised the public.
The young plants are potted during the winter.
The young police officer put cuffs on Tom.
The young police officer put handcuffs on Tom.
The young priest devoted himself to God.
The young prince spoke in a loud voice.
The young princess lost her footing and fell into the water.
The young professor is adored by the girl students.
The young professor is the idol of the female students.
The young queen asks the king outraged: “you just hung your ex wife outside... but why?” “Because there weren't any clothespins here inside”.
The young rabbi often brags about his lineage.
The young should be kind to the old.
The young should make room for the old.
The young should respect the old.
The young snatcher wasn't spotted by the police again.
The young soldier soon went through a baptism by fire.
The young soldier was confused.
The young sorceress was ordered to turn Tom back into a human, after the teachers learned of her prank.
The young student refused to sing the Marseillaise.
The young tree was supported by wooden spikes to help it grow straight.
The young volleyball player committed suicide by throwing herself from the tenth floor of the building where she lived.
The young warrior did not recline in the shadow of his birchen lodge enjoying the comforts of summer life in mid forest.
The young widow got engaged once more.
The young witch was casting a spell, when Tom rushed towards her, grabbed her, and interrupted the ritual with a passionate kiss on her mouth.
The young wives of old husbands have the habit of thinking early on about choosing the one who will wipe their widow tears.
The young woman came up with an idea.
The young woman didn't know her boyfriend was loaded.
The young woman didn’t know her boyfriend was loaded.
The young woman is keeping check on the production process from start to finish.
The young woman is monitoring the production process from start to finish.
The young woman is sleeping.
The young woman is writing.
The young woman keeps a check on the production process from start to finish.
The young woman monitors the production process from start to finish.
The young woman sat next to Tom.
The young woman sat next to him.
The young woman sat on the couch.
The young woman sighed.
The young woman slapped the man who pinched her buttocks.
The young woman took a train to London and got a flight out of Heathrow.
The young woman under that tree looks sad.
The young woman was carrying a baby in her arms.
The young woman was carrying an infant in her arms.
The young woman was fighting the deadly illness, her heart full of hope.
The young woman was so beautiful, that even the devil wanted to marry her.
The young woman who opened the door was none other than Ziri's daughter.
The young woman who works at the bakery is pretty.
The young woman's face became even redder.
The young woman, after running up the stairs, opened the door of the house.
The young woman, supported by Tom, remained a few moments without talking, looking at the island that was disappearing on the horizon.
The young women of this district are well known for their beauty.
The young worker was asked to resign.
The young writer won unparalleled success.
The younger a country, the more vigorously it tries to acquire its history.
The younger also bore a son, and she called his name Ammon; that is, the son of my people: he is the father of the Ammonites unto this day.
The younger brother replied, "I have heard: 'He who is afraid of the leaves must not go into the forest.'"
The younger brother replied, "I have heard: ’He who is afraid of the leaves must not go into the forest.’"
The younger generation looks at things differently.
The younger guy's name is Tom.
The younger men played while the older men watched.
The younger sister is more sentimental than the other.
The younger sister of my wife took a handful of pills.
The youngest boy dropped behind the other hikers.
The youngest boy dropped behind the other tourists.
The youngest car company in the United States is more than ninety years old.
The youngest child spent every morning at a nursery.
The youngest child told that a wolf had come and ate all the others.
The youngest daughter is exceptionally beautiful.
The youngest daughter was particularly beautiful.
The youngest leaves are the least poisonous.
The youngest of my elder brothers is already over fifty.
The youngest of my older brothers is already over fifty.
The youngest princess made her garden round like the sun, and she would only have flowers of a rosy hue like its beams.
The youngest siblings are in general the most beautiful ones.
The youngest son isn't as reasonable as his brothers.
The youngest teacher at our school is not so young.
The youngest teacher at our school isn't all that young.
The youngest teacher at our school isn't so young.
The youngest was the prettiest of all.
The youngest was the prettiest of them all. Her skin was as clear and delicate as a rose-leaf, and her eyes as blue as the deepest sea, but, like all the others, she had no feet, and her body ended in a fish's tail.
The youngster nervously drummed his fingers on the table.
The youngster resented being treated as a coward.
The youngsters were singing folk songs.
The youth are bored.
The youth can dance.
The youth eat in the garden.
The youth have time but no money, and adults have money but no time.
The youth in Malaysia really like Korean and Japanese celebrities.
The youth in this country have no interest in politics.
The youth is in love with technology.
The youth is very enthusiastic about cycling.
The youth of Japan have a tendency to follow fashion.
The youth of all countries want to talk about their hopes and experiences, but the problem of language remains; the Internet has only solved the problem of distance.
The youth of our country are not interested in politics.
The youth of our country is apathetic about politics.
The youth of our country is indifferent to politics.
The youth of our land are not interested in politics.
The youth of these days only want branded shoes.
The youth replied that nothing had passed between them save the exchange of vows and kisses, whereat Dionysophanes was well pleased and bade them join the banquet.
The youth unemployment rate is at an all-time high.
The youth was arrested for being involved in a riot.
The youth was quiet.
The youth were called to the mosque.
The youth, caked in dust, was fitted with a neck brace before he was carried away on a stretcher and raced to a field hospital. But health care workers said he had suffered only minor cuts and bruises. The boy said he stayed alive by eating a jar of ghee, clarified butter, that he found in the darkness of the debris he was trapped in.
The youth-led Sea Youth Rise Up advocates for ocean conservation, including reduced single-use plastics such as plastic straws, water bottles and shopping bags, which the ocean breaks down into microplastics.
The yuan and the yen are currencies of which two countries?
The zaza got me speaking Esperanto.
The zebra crossing has just been freshly painted.
The zeroth law of thermodynamics states that when two objects are separately in thermodynamic equilibrium with a third object, they are in equilibrium with each other.
The zip is stuck.
The zip on my jacket got stuck.
The zip on my jacket has got stuck.
The zipper is stuck.
The zipper on my jacket got stuck.
The zipper to Igor's tent started to unzip.
The zipper to Ziri's tent was still undone.
The zipper to Ziri's tent was undone.
The zipper won't open.
The zipper's broken.
The zipper's stuck.
The zombie apocalypse is nigh!
The zombie bit Rodrigo.
The zombie came down.
The zombie chased Flavio across the hallway.
The zombie didn’t hurt Rodrigo.
The zombie dragged his rotten leg behind him with an eerie scraping sound.
The zombie entered the airlock.
The zombie escaped from the base.
The zombie followed Rodrigo.
The zombie had extraordinary strength.
The zombie instantly attacked Rodrigo.
The zombie kept hobbling forward towards Igor.
The zombie rose from the ground.
The zombie started devouring Rodrigo’s face.
The zombie was staring at Paul.
The zombie went after Edmundo.
The zombie's body twisted itself around.
The zombie's breath smelt of decay.
The zombie's ribs were showing.
The zombies appeared in front of Ziri in great numbers.
The zombies are closing in on us!
The zombies are in the subway!
The zombies arrived.
The zombies attacked Flavio.
The zombies attacked the joggers.
The zombies didn’t move.
The zombies had totally surrounded the house.
The zombies looked like they were made of charcoal.
The zombies soon overwhelmed Edmundo.
The zombies were closing in.
The zombies were swarming Edmundo’s truck.
The zone above 8000m is known as the death zone.
The zoo animals loved Adriano's visit.
The zoo had a baby animal nursery.
The zoo had a bird watching tour.
The zoo had a pet adoption event.
The zoo had a playground for children.
The zoo had a reptile handling demonstration.
The zoo had a train ride through the park.
The zoo had an indoor area.
The zoo has many other attractions aside from the penguins.
The zoo has submitted a plan to add perimeter fencing around the popular public venue to close all the gaps and reduce pedestrian entrances from 13 to three.
The zoo in Prague is not so big.
The zoo in our city is large and new.
The zoo is also involved in a number of breeding programs for endangered species.
The zoo is closed every Monday.
The zoo is closed on Monday.
The zoo is closed on Mondays.
The zoo is crowded with visitors.
The zoo is in the east of the town.
The zoo is only a short walk from here.
The zoo is open.
The zoo is situated in the east end of the city.
The zoo isn't far from here.
The zoo only had small animals and nothing exotic.
The zoo was closed on Christmas Day.
The zoo was closed on Christmas day.
The zoo was neither big, not tiny.
The zoo was not very busy.
The zoo was small and mostly had small animals.
The zoo wasn't open yet.
The zoo will likely be crowded tomorrow.
The zoo's aquarium had beautiful fish, Adriano thought.
The zoo's aviary was filled with colorful birds, Adriano noticed.
The zoo's big cat exhibit had many different species, Adriano noted.
The zoo's bird show impressed Adriano.
The zoo's botanical gardens were beautiful, Adriano thought.
The zoo's butterfly exhibit amazed Adriano.
The zoo's dinosaur exhibit was educational for Adriano.
The zoo's educational programs were informative for Adriano.
The zoo's elephant exhibit was impressive to Adriano.
The zoo's insect exhibit fascinated Adriano.
The zoo's interactive exhibits were fun for Adriano.
The zoo's nocturnal exhibit intrigued Adriano.
The zoo's penguin exhibit was cool, Adriano thought.
The zoo's petting zoo was fun for Adriano.
The zoo's primate exhibit was interesting to Adriano.
The zoo's red panda exhibit was adorable, Adriano thought.
The zoo's reptile house fascinated Adriano.
The zoo's sea lion show was entertaining for Adriano.
The zoo's snake exhibit was creepy, Adriano thought.
The zoo's waterfowl exhibit had many ducks, Adriano observed.
The zoo's zebra was emaciated and dirty.
The zookeeper gave Adriano a tour of the zoo.
The Øresund Bridge links Malmö and Copenhagen.
The çifteli is a common instrument in Albanian folk music.
The ‘Black Lives Matter’ protests that have erupted across the world in recent weeks have reinvigorated demands in Europe for statues of slave traders and colonial figures to be removed.
The ‘Urbi et Orbi’ message by Pope Francis was streamed live via the internet.
The ’gold’ yearned for by the Japanese synchronized swimming world was not quite reached.
The “Book of Changes” presents the oldest binary encoding.
The “Hirak” is the Trojan Horse, an instrument of excellence, used to infiltrate Kabylia and explode it from within.
The “One Only Child Parent for Two Children” policy is already in effect in Shanghai. In the future, it's possible that it will be implemented throughout China.
The “Vieuxtemps” violin played by American virtuoso Anne Akiko Meyers is worth well over $16 million. It was made in Italy in 1741 by Guarneri del Gesu and represents the pinnacle of violinmaking’s Golden Age.
The “dent,” or weak spot, in the magnetic field over South America, known to scientists as the South Atlantic Anomaly (SAA), allows radiation to penetrate Earth’s surface.
The “en passant” seizure can only be performed in the movement immediately after that in which a pawn attempts to pass a square controlled by the opponent. If it doesn't happen then, it can't be done later.
The “face blowing a kiss” emoji is a yellow face winking with puckered lips blowing a kiss, depicted as a small, red heart. It represents a kiss goodbye or good night and conveys feelings of love and affection more generally.
The “free” as well as the “federate” city has the right to accept or decline a legislative proposal put before it by the Roman government.
The “loudly crying face” emoji is a yellow face with an open mouth wailing and streams of heavy tears flowing from closed eyes. It conveys inconsolable grief but also other intense feelings, such as uncontrollable laughter or overwhelming joy.
The “rolling on the floor laughing” emoji is a yellow face with a big grin and scrunched, X-shaped eyes, tilted on its side as if rolling on the floor laughing.
The “satisficers” are much more likely to make snap decisions because they’re just trying to find something that's good enough.
The “smiling face with heart-eyes” conveys enthusiastic feelings of love, infatuation, and adoration for someone.
The “smiling face with smiling eyes” is a standard in approval and appreciation. It expresses genuine happiness and warm, positive feelings. It is an emoji form of the ^^ emoticon.
The “thumbs up” emoji indicates approval.
The ☭ is a symbol of communism.
Theater attendance usually falls off in summer.
Theater combines text and performance.
Theater consists of text and acting.
Theater has great value in literature.
Theater is boring.
Theater is designed to appeal to the heart and the mind. But it is mostly a passive experience, requiring little or no active involvement from theater goers. Now, three shows in New York have created interactive environments for their audiences.
Theater is humanity's active reflection on itself.
Theater is text and play.
Theaters and museums have also been closed as have bars and discos.
Their Berber dialect is different.
Their Berber is perfect.
Their Berber village is on the edge of the Algerian Sahara.
Their English is perfect.
Their French is far from perfect.
Their French is perfect.
Their Kabyle dresses are too tight.
Their accusations may be true.
Their accustoms were different from ours.
Their adaptation pleased everyone.
Their affection has strengthened since their daughter's passing.
Their affliction is over.
Their ailment is constant.
Their ailment, they alone experience it.
Their ambition and dream is to bring the Siberian wooly mammoth, that became extinct six thousand years ago, back to life, using a piece of tissue that is kept in the underground permafrost.
Their analysis led to a new understanding of the possible composition and size of the ringed planet’s core.
Their ancient antagonism was rekindled.
Their ancient remains are still being found at the La Brea Tar Pits in Los Angeles, California, 100 years after scientists first began their excavations.
Their annoyance is understandable.
Their answer is no.
Their answer is yes.
Their answer was long.
Their antics were driving me frantic.
Their apologies are rarely sincere.
Their apples aren't as good as our apples.
Their apples aren't as good as ours.
Their apples aren't as tasty as ours.
Their apprehensions were justified.
Their approach is unique.
Their argument eventually ended in a draw.
Their argument seemed endless.
Their arsenal is very powerful.
Their articles are exceptional, even considering that they have already been very successful.
Their assignments were handed in on September 1st.
Their assistance would arrive as a 400-kilometer, $5.9 billion China-invested railway is set for completion this year — the pinnacle of Chinese largesse for Laos.
Their attempts came to nothing.
Their attitude is very ridiculous!
Their attitude makes sense.
Their average proficiency in Berber is very low.
Their baby can walk.
Their baby has just started to crawl.
Their baby is able to walk already.
Their back is wounded.
Their bad manners surprised me.
Their bags were checked by security guards at the gate.
Their behavior changed drastically.
Their behavior continues to surprise me.
Their behavior is bad.
Their behavior was disgraceful.
Their behaviour continues to surprise me.
Their belief in him inspires him daily.
Their belief in the Devil serves as a constant reminder to uphold moral values and resist evil.
Their birth mother abandoned them.
Their blood flow is very high.
Their blood had been mixed for a long time.
Their blood will be distributed to many people.
Their boat is adrift.
Their boat needs painting.
Their boat's sail tore near the clew.
Their bodies were never found.
Their bold ideas did not sit well with us.
Their bond encourages others to love fiercely.
Their bond is a beautiful thing to witness.
Their bond is gradually evolving.
Their bond was destined to become important.
Their bond was strong.
Their book was adapted into a film.
Their boss made them work against their will.
Their boy was named Edward.
Their breasts erect they rear amid the deep, / their blood-red crests above the surface shine, / their hinder parts along the waters sweep, / trailed in huge coils and many a tortuous twine.
Their brother is kind.
Their brutality is no match for our creativity.
Their bus rolled off the road.
Their bus was late.
Their business came to a standstill for want of money.
Their business is expanding.
Their cake is delicious.
Their cakes are good.
Their campaigns are financed by the government.
Their canoe capsized.
Their capital was Cuzco for many years.
Their car entered one of the toughest races in the world.
Their car is not good.
Their car is parked near ours.
Their car is red.
Their car is two years old.
Their car overtook ours.
Their car passed ours.
Their car's over there.
Their carpet is completely white.
Their cattle are all fat.
Their central concern was to have a big car.
Their characteristic waddle and playful appearance make these sturdy marsupials one of the country's most endearing native creatures.
Their cheeks had touched and were withdrawn from each other.
Their cheeks had touched.
Their chemistry is undeniable.
Their child bit me.
Their child got their bottom smacked, because they wouldn't listen.
Their child is of indeterminate sex.
Their child will go to primary school next year.
Their children are at school.
Their children are shunned in schools.
Their children are vegetarian.
Their children aspire to be more independent.
Their children attend a bilingual school.
Their children do not know each other.
Their children do what they want.
Their children don't have any shoes.
Their children were just a way of keeping her tied to him.
Their children weren't brought up.
Their children will be christened tomorrow.
Their claims were as follows.
Their climbing of Mt. Everest was a great achievement.
Their clothes are quite like those of our ancestors.
Their clothes were blue, ours were white.
Their clothes were soaked.
Their clothes were used.
Their club is even harder to join.
Their coats were uniform in color.
Their colleague was transferred to an overseas branch.
Their comedic styles mesh well with each others'.
Their comedic styles pair well with each others'.
Their commendable economic policies lure vulnerable individuals into supporting their harmful social policies.
Their commendable social policies lure vulnerable individuals into supporting their harmful economic policies.
Their comments were distorted on social media.
Their comments were illuminating.
Their common aim was to make the project successful.
Their communication is open and honest.
Their communication may be much more complex than we thought.
Their company created forty new jobs.
Their company guarantee is for thirty days.
Their company is thriving.
Their company pulled out of Algeria.
Their company survived the crisis.
Their company was pressured to leave Algeria.
Their company's public relations team is very strong.
Their complaints filled me with anger.
Their concern is understandable.
Their concert was a big hit.
Their condition is improving.
Their condition is not straightforward.
Their condition is permanent.
Their condition is significant.
Their condition was said to have been bad.
Their confidence proved justified.
Their confrontation with Tom escalated.
Their confrontation with Tom had tragic consequences.
Their confusion is understandable.
Their constant bickering will only fan the flames if they don't find common ground.
Their consumption of dog meat is no more barbaric than your consumption of cows and chickens.
Their contract expired on October 20th.
Their contract is to run out at the end of this month.
Their conversation being in Chinese, I did not understand one word.
Their conversation being in Chinese, I was not able to understand them at all.
Their conversation grew heated.
Their conversation was carried on for about an hour.
Their conversation was interrupted by some very loud music.
Their conversation went on.
Their conversations revolved around their trip.
Their conversations were never that interesting.
Their cook is a foreigner but I do not know where he is from.
Their countenances betrayed ill-humour and dissatisfaction; and if they spoke to each other, it was in gruff, surly tones.
Their country is a puppet of a Western power.
Their country is going through a difficult time.
Their country is threatened by anarchy.
Their country-place, Styles Court, had been purchased by Mr. Cavendish early in their married life.
Their couscous is so good.
Their cuisine is a healthy one that rarely uses fat, relying more on vegetables.
Their culture is inherently violent.
Their culture values obedience to those in positions of authority.
Their culture's relative asexuality attracts you.
Their curiosity was aroused.
Their customer service is poor.
Their customer service is severely wanting.
Their dad was a millionaire.
Their daughter Chelsea was born in 1980.
Their daughter can't cook.
Their daughter claims to see monsters.
Their daughter disappeared seven years ago.
Their daughter goes to school there.
Their daughter is a nurse.
Their daughter is not a child anymore.
Their daughter is sick.
Their daughter isn't a child anymore.
Their daughter plays with the baby.
Their daughter studies in that school.
Their daughter studies in the same school as our son.
Their days are numbered.
Their deals are so great.
Their death is an obligation for us.
Their debts are not under control at all.
Their decision to marry reflects deep commitment.
Their decision to marry shows their dedication.
Their decision will bring about serious consequences.
Their dedication is admirable.
Their deep love for each other was unequivocal.
Their defense came apart.
Their degrees of consanguinity and alliance are very strange; for being thus akin and allied to one another, we found that none was either father or mother, brother or sister, uncle or aunt, nephew or niece, son-in-law or daughter-in-law, godfather or godmother, to the other; unless, truly, a tall flat-nosed old fellow, who, as I perceived, called a little shitten-arsed girl of three or four years old, father, and the child called him daughter.
Their democracy is only so in name.
Their department needs some direction from the boss.
Their depraved lifestyle repulsed me.
Their diabetes comes from their parents.
Their diabetes goes back to their great-grandparents!
Their diet is deficient in protein.
Their difference in age is six years.
Their dining room is very spacious.
Their diplomatic effort collapsed.
Their discourse was not very connected, but they were the better pleased, for where there is much love there is little eloquence.
Their discussion meandered into the territory of the strange.
Their disease is not simple.
Their distress was now greater than before, and on returning home, they spent the night in comparing their own sensations with what they had heard from Philetas.
Their divorce came as a complete surprise.
Their divorce is much talked about in their neighborhood.
Their divorce took place this year.
Their dog Gulliver, a boxer, added to the general pandemonium by barking emphatically, and also, of course, jumping.
Their dog got lost yesterday and they haven't found him yet.
Their dog is big.
Their dog was left on the back-burner once they had their baby.
Their dog was so fierce that he kept everyone away.
Their dogs are barking.
Their door is always open.
Their dream came true.
Their dreams came true.
Their dreams, as might be expected after such thoughts, were dreams of love and kisses.
Their dresses are too big.
Their effort proved abortive.
Their effort resulted in success.
Their efforts came to nothing.
Their efforts didn't go unnoticed.
Their efforts made the situation better to a certain degree.
Their efforts to curtail spending didn't quite succeed.
Their efforts were in vain.
Their efforts were not for nothing.
Their eldest children are twins.
Their empanada dough is homemade and flaky.
Their employees live in.
Their endeavours bore no fruit.
Their enemy attacks.
Their entire air defense is based on blueprints stolen from the west.
Their envy was directed toward her beauty.
Their equipment is extremely advanced.
Their estimate of the cost was wide of the mark.
Their excuses cut no ice with her.
Their excuses were all alike.
Their expectations are very high.
Their expedition is expected to run into problems.
Their expenses for the wedding were considerable.
Their experiences discouraged them.
Their explanation was confusing.
Their eyes are glittering with joy.
Their eyes are red.
Their eyes are shining with joy.
Their eyes are wounded.
Their eyes glitter with joy.
Their eyes locked for a moment.
Their eyes locked.
Their eyes met and they fell in love.
Their eyes met and they instantly felt the sparks flying.
Their eyes met for a brief moment.
Their eyes met for just a moment.
Their eyes met.
Their eyes pursued him.
Their eyes shine with joy.
Their eyes were all bright.
Their eyes were full of sadness.
Their face is completely wounded.
Their face is wounded.
Their face went red.
Their faced their opponents.
Their faces changed colour.
Their faces looked inhuman, covered with scarlet and black paint.
Their faith teaches them to be vigilant against the Devil's influence and to resist his temptations.
Their family business is located here.
Their family name is written on their mailbox.
Their farms adjoin.
Their fast talking is a smokescreen for their con artistry.
Their fastidious attention to detail saved the company millions of dollars.
Their fate is still unknown.
Their fate may be different from that of the Amerindians.
Their fate seems to be sealed.
Their fates were entwined.
Their father called them.
Their father died last year.
Their father had a large shoe shop in the town.
Their father had no work, and the girls wanted to go away and seek their fortunes.
Their father is Algerian.
Their father is Czech and their mother comes from Hungary.
Their father is Japanese.
Their father is Russian.
Their father is a taxi driver.
Their father is ill.
Their father is sick.
Their father is strict.
Their father loves swimming.
Their father was a composer, and vodun percussionist, and their mother was a traditional singer.
Their father was high on marijuana.
Their father was the editor-in-chief of a newspaper in Moldova.
Their favorite actress is Jessica Alba.
Their favorite color is not black.
Their favourite subject was eschatology.
Their fear of Tom intensified.
Their feelings are hurt.
Their feelings are intense and they tend to be jealous.
Their feelings resurfaced stronger than before.
Their feet are dirty.
Their field has not been used, it has been left fallow.
Their fight ended in bed.
Their fight is nothing but an alpha male pissing contest.
Their financial problems began in the second half of the year.
Their findings revealed the secret companies and bank accounts of some of the region's most powerful politicians and business leaders.
Their finest moment is their last appearance on stage.
Their finger broke.
Their finger is fractured.
Their fingers broke.
Their fingers were tightly interlaced.
Their first child, a son, died at birth.
Their first daughter died from the plague in 1576.
Their first fall there was a trial for them.
Their first language is going to be Berber.
Their flag is blue and gold.
Their flag is many-colored.
Their flag is multicoloured.
Their flat is in a former shoe workshop.
Their flight was discovered yesterday.
Their flowers smell sweet.
Their food ran out.
Their food was great last time.
Their food, they ate it all at once.
Their food, they ate it in one sitting.
Their foot got caught in the webbing.
Their footage library is royalty-free.
Their friendship did not last.
Their friendship gradually turned into love.
Their friendship has ended.
Their friendship has seen better days, strained by misunderstandings.
Their friendship is over.
Their friendship moved us deeply.
Their friendship quickly turned into love.
Their friendship ripened into a deep love.
Their furniture is more aesthetic than practical.
Their furniture was chosen for utility rather than style.
Their future is a void.
Their gang color is purple.
Their garden has seen better days, but they are nurturing it back to life.
Their garden is full of very beautiful flowers all the year round.
Their garden is in bloom.
Their general literary merit was not obtrusive, although, of course, they sometimes contained work which afterwards became famous.
Their generosity is much appreciated.
Their gestures were awkward.
Their gibes galled him and explained his bitter attitude.
Their glances briefly met.
Their gloves are not in pairs.
Their goal and activating main idea was indeed brotherhood and justice among the peoples.
Their goal is to own a home before they are thirty.
Their goods are of the highest quality.
Their goods were confiscated.
Their grace comes from hard work, sweat, and pain.
Their grandchild lives in the Netherlands.
Their grandfather passed away peacefully.
Their grandmother could never tell them enough, for there were so many things about which they wanted information.
Their grandmother is a charming lady.
Their grapes suit my palate.
Their groans have been audible from dawn to dusk for days.
Their habitat is threatened by deforestation.
Their hair is fluffy and slightly wild.
Their hair is silky smooth.
Their hair is still wet.
Their hand is tingling.
Their hand is wounded.
Their hands are bound.
Their hands are on my shoes.
Their hands are tied.
Their hands were cold.
Their happiness is what matters most, and I support their union.
Their happiness was rooted in their industry.
Their hats are hanging over here.
Their hats are hanging over there.
Their hats were hanging there.
Their heart leaped with joy.
Their hearts are golden.
Their hearts are wounded.
Their hearts were beating very fast.
Their highest skill was woodworking.
Their hobby is fishing.
Their home is abundant in love and laughter.
Their home is always full of guests.
Their home is filled with laughter.
Their home is in London.
Their homes don't have electricity or running water.
Their homeschooled child is a genius.
Their honesty is dubious.
Their honesty is questionable.
Their hopes have vanished.
Their hotel is just a stone's throw away.
Their house is at the foot of a hill.
Their house is beautiful.
Their house is being remodeled.
Their house is damp and smells of rot.
Their house is far from the station.
Their house is for sale.
Their house is just opposite the bus stop.
Their house is near here.
Their house is off the map, miles away from the nearest town.
Their house is organized according to Feng Shui.
Their house is very modern.
Their house is yellow.
Their house isn't like ours.
Their house lay amid a small stand of trees.
Their house was broken into last night.
Their house was burned down by fire.
Their house was burned down in the fire.
Their house was destroyed by a powerful earthquake.
Their house's Durga puja is very famous in the village.
Their houses are located near the sea.
Their hunger is still not satisfied.
Their husbands are Polish.
Their hut is situated in the valley.
Their hypothesis is that these strategies may come into conflict with Emmet's theory.
Their hypothesis is that these strategies may come into conflict with Emmet’s theory.
Their ideas are terrible.
Their ideas are unimportant.
Their ideas seem completely bonkers to us.
Their ideas seem completely insane to us.
Their ideas seem completely nuts to us.
Their ideas seem totally alien to us.
Their illicit romance was both dangerous and exciting.
Their illness is chronic.
Their illness is not easy.
Their illness, only they suffer from it.
Their imam was quite dominating.
Their inability to satisfy the desires of the populace led to their electoral defeat.
Their influence becomes greater every day, but they are uncreative and can't make value judgements.
Their influence becomes greater every day, but they are uncreative and can’t make value judgements.
Their intention is evident.
Their intention is to exterminate mankind.
Their intentions are obvious.
Their internet speed is better than mine.
Their interview was protracted beyond that at which they usually parted.
Their intimacy grew with the years.
Their investment in the startup turned out to be a dud.
Their jeans do not fit.
Their job is done.
Their job is to add examples to the dictionary.
Their job is to advise the president.
Their job is to bake bread.
Their job is to bind books.
Their job is to build houses.
Their job is to bury dead animals.
Their job is to buy fruit and vegetables.
Their job is to calculate salaries.
Their job is to call clients.
Their job is to card the wool.
Their job is to check the security system.
Their job is to chop the wood.
Their job is to clean the garage.
Their job is to clear gardens.
Their job is to close the store.
Their job is to coat the walls with plaster.
Their job is to confuse learners of the language.
Their job is to connect the computers to the network.
Their job is to contact clients.
Their job is to cook for the soldiers.
Their job is to correct articles.
Their job is to cut the vegetables.
Their job is to cut up the wood.
Their job is to do make-up for performing artists.
Their job is to do the dishes.
Their job is to download new software.
Their job is to draw plans.
Their job is to drive the limousines.
Their job is to dust the furniture.
Their job is to exterminate rats and mice.
Their job is to feed the cattle.
Their job is to fell the dead trees.
Their job is to fry the potatoes.
Their job is to grill the meat.
Their job is to grow flowers.
Their job is to help old people.
Their job is to install new software on the company's computers.
Their job is to interrogate suspects.
Their job is to iron clothes.
Their job is to make fake orders, in order to cause trouble for the rival company.
Their job is to make the king laugh.
Their job is to milk the cows.
Their job is to mop the office.
Their job is to open the workshop.
Their job is to organize exhibitions.
Their job is to paint cars.
Their job is to pile up dry leaves in the garden.
Their job is to read the news clearly and carefully.
Their job is to shear the sheep.
Their job is to shelve books.
Their job is to wash the cars.
Their job is to wipe the tables.
Their job is to write articles.
Their journey was delayed because of the train.
Their journey was silent but for the hum of the engine, the hiss of the rain and the rhythmic squeaking of the windshield wipers.
Their jurisdiction covers Algiers.
Their kid bit me.
Their kids are at school.
Their kindness creates a ripple effect.
Their kiss had been discovered by Charlotte.
Their kisses became more and more passionate.
Their knack for discord is quite impressive.
Their lack of training in fire safety and cardiopulmonary resuscitation could put members of the public at risk.
Their language is only Kabyle.
Their late arrival was owing to the rain.
Their laughter harmonizes like a perfect melody.
Their laughter intensifies, and none of them can stop.
Their laws are based on individualist principles, which are incompatible with our society.
Their lawyer filed an appeal.
Their leader is a clown.
Their leader is a cocksucker.
Their leader is a dickhead.
Their leader is a lying asshole.
Their leader is a political clown.
Their leader is a political prostitute.
Their leader is a son of a bitch.
Their leader is a traitor to his father, to the region and to the whole nation.
Their leader is a traitor who's working for foreign governments.
Their leader is a traitor.
Their leader is an asshole.
Their leader is paranoid as fuck.
Their leader is pathetic.
Their leader is regarded as a traitor to the nation.
Their leader is regarded as a traitor.
Their leader is working for foreign governments.
Their leaders aren't rational.
Their letter is full of spelling mistakes.
Their lies cost lives.
Their life's really not so bad.
Their lifestyle is different from ours.
Their lifestyle is different to ours.
Their life’s really not so bad.
Their lips almost touched.
Their lips interlocked in a long kiss.
Their lips met.
Their lips were only a few inches apart.
Their lives are at stake.
Their lives are worth nothing.
Their lives depended on Tom.
Their living room is as large again as my house.
Their living room was engulfed in flames.
Their logic is stupid.
Their logic was OK.
Their loss is our gain.
Their losses reached one million yen.
Their loud music disturbs our quiet evenings.
Their love feels conditional at times.
Their love for life is infectious.
Their love has gone to the next level.
Their love has grown since their daughter died.
Their love has intensified since their daughter died.
Their love is evident, and I back their choice.
Their love is mutual.
Their love is unyielding.
Their love of animals is remarkable.
Their love radiates joy in every moment.
Their love story is a real battlefield.
Their love story is a testament to the magic of marriage.
Their love story is just beginning.
Their love story was like a soap bubble, brilliant and fragile.
Their love was based on friendship.
Their love was evident in their joyful expressions.
Their love was the result of a long courtship.
Their loyalty brings him comfort.
Their loyalty is always in question.
Their lyrics were all in French.
Their maid did her job.
Their main exports are textiles, especially silk and cotton.
Their maintenance costs are enormous.
Their manipulation is so tuned and defined it is their way of life and pushes the edge of sociopathic behavior and delusional need.
Their manner of bringing up their children is extremely unusual.
Their manners and customs are different from those of this country.
Their marriage broke up last year.
Their marriage ceremony was performed according to the custom of the district.
Their marriage has been strained lately because of financial problems.
Their marriage is a sham.
Their marriage is falling apart.
Their marriage is in the shitter.
Their marriage simmered with discontentment and unspoken anger.
Their marriage was a happy one.
Their marriage was falling apart.
Their marriage won't last long.
Their marriage won't last.
Their married life did not run smoothly.
Their married life was full bliss.
Their massive footprints help fill in a gap in the evolutionary history of these behemoths.
Their meals at that table look better than mine.
Their meeting was inevitable.
Their message was completely lost in hilarity.
Their message, through rallies, vigils, potlucks and song, is simple: if an older person can trek the country to demand change, so can you.
Their mirth made the old vault ring again.
Their misogyny is disgusting.
Their missile strikes had a limited impact, mostly creating craters in open terrain.
Their missiles only left empty fields with craters, causing minimal damage.
Their mission is to go house by house, convincing, cajoling, and if necessary browbeating parents into vaccinating their children.
Their mistake caused a big problem.
Their mistake was thinking of themselves as centrality. Humanity is not the centre of the universe. The Earth is not the centre of the universe.
Their mistress is Emily: she has many maids.
Their modest income doesn't allow for many luxuries.
Their modest income doesn’t allow for many luxuries.
Their mom is Algerian.
Their money ran out.
Their morale is high.
Their mother calls them.
Their mother died yesterday.
Their mother is Russian.
Their mother is a pornstar.
Their mother is a very good cook.
Their mother is trying to dissolve our marriage.
Their mother isn't as old as she looks.
Their mother let them play in the field.
Their mother was looking for them.
Their mother's death was a blow to the little girls.
Their motives are honourable.
Their mouths are dry with thirst.
Their movement is very different from other primates, in particular in the shoulder joint.
Their multimedia campaign included commercials on television and radio, print advertisements in newspapers and magazines, online advertising on websites geared toward their target audience, as well as flyers posted and distributed throughout the community.
Their muscles are stiff.
Their music is incredibly uplifting and joyful.
Their music is pure energy.
Their music is relaxing, while the lyrics make you think.
Their music makes me dream.
Their music since their third album has mostly been butt rock.
Their mutual attraction was so intense that it would've been silly to try to deny the excitement.
Their mutual respect sets a strong foundation.
Their name is Legion.
Their name is Tom.
Their names are Adam and Sophie.
Their names are Tom and Ken.
Their names are Tom and Mary.
Their names are mud.
Their names escaped me.
Their names had been removed from the list.
Their names have already been signed.
Their names have escaped me.
Their names were Tom and Mary.
Their names were crossed off the list.
Their names were erased from the list.
Their names were taken off the list.
Their nationalism was one cause of the war.
Their need for attention can be overwhelming.
Their needs were immediate.
Their nests are big and white.
Their new novel will come out next month.
Their newly developed device is centered on a microscopically small lever that vibrates in the presence of bacterial activity. A laser focused on the lever reads the vibration and then translates it into electrical signals that can be easily read. If there’s no signal, according to the researchers, that means there’s no bacteria. The entire test only takes minutes.
Their news was horrifying.
Their next attack was northeast of Paris in May.
Their nibling lives in the Netherlands.
Their noses were so high they drowned in the rain.
Their noses won't bleed.
Their number is great.
Their numbering system is base 5 instead of base 10.
Their numbers are dwindling.
Their offer cuts both ways.
Their offer is still on the table.
Their offer pleased Hemor, and Sichem, his son: And the young man made no delay, but forthwith fulfilled what was required: for he loved the damsel exceedingly, and he was the greatest man in all his father's house.
Their offer to buy the house was refused.
Their offer to buy the house was rejected.
Their old father gave each of them a fine horse.
Their oldest daughter isn't married yet.
Their oldest daughter isn’t married yet.
Their oldest sister still hasn't gotten married.
Their oldest sister still hasn’t gotten married.
Their only child died shortly afterwards.
Their only concern is the well-being of their children.
Their only crime was that they were Muslim.
Their only son has been dead for three years.
Their opinion is quite different from mine.
Their opinion matters little.
Their opinions differ from mine.
Their opposition broke down.
Their ordeal is over.
Their order should be good to go now.
Their parents adore them.
Their parents agreed to the engagement.
Their parents are dead.
Their parents are divorced, and they want them to get back together.
Their parents are from Algarve.
Their parents are officers and employees of Bangladesh Bank.
Their parents are older than ours.
Their parents are on holiday.
Their parents are rich.
Their parents did not approve of the marriage.
Their parents did not approve of their union.
Their parents don't get along with each other.
Their parents had gone to a neighboring village for food, and had left a fire to warm their little ones while they were absent. But a storm arose and drifted the snow in their path, so they were long on the road.
Their parents helped them with their down payment.
Their parents love you.
Their parents say it is saddening to watch their children grow up without an education.
Their parents tried to keep them apart.
Their parents were at work.
Their parents were farmers.
Their parents were murder victims in a concentration camp.
Their partner in this event is Bangladesh Brand Forum.
Their party won the most votes in the election.
Their paths are in danger of splitting.
Their patience is at an end.
Their patience was about to give out.
Their patience was at an end.
Their people know that I have a superior intellect.
Their performance that year was horrible.
Their personal convenience mattered more to them than being dedicated to the mission.
Their perspective was very eschatological as if they were a very privileged generation.
Their pet iguana obviously takes a lot of looking after.
Their philosophies are identical.
Their phone's off.
Their pizza is really bad.
Their pizza is the worst.
Their plan is very good.
Their plan resulted in failure.
Their plan sounds interesting to me.
Their plan sounds interesting.
Their plane crash-landed in a dense jungle.
Their plane will soon take off.
Their plans are ambitious.
Their plans blew up when the war broke out.
Their plans have gone awry.
Their platform is based on conspiracy theories.
Their playing is sloppy.
Their plot to start a fire was discovered by the police.
Their poetry is all of love and war. Not as ours, which is full of wise saws and useful maxims.
Their position is nakedly hypocritical.
Their practices aren't the same.
Their price has fallen.
Their price is below ours.
Their primary concern was to redistribute income from rich to poor.
Their problems are sometimes so weird.
Their progress was stopped by a wide river.
Their project hopes to revitalize a moribund language.
Their project is based on blockchain technology.
Their promises mean nothing.
Their propinquity was uncanny, as they'd met only three days ago.
Their proposal is out of the question.
Their proposition is contrary to ours.
Their pseudo-scientific rhetoric serves as justification for America's imperialist foreign policy.
Their punishment was harsh, but just.
Their purpose is to help the poor in any place where they live.
Their quality was not consistent, the supply problematic and they were expensive.
Their quarrel sprang from misunderstanding.
Their quarrel sprung from misunderstanding.
Their quarterback was injured in the first game of the season.
Their racist comments sometimes hurt.
Their raises are linked to the cost-of-living index.
Their raucous behavior disturbed the neighbors.
Their readership plummeted to almost zero.
Their recordings have sold in the multi-millions, and their concerts have been some of the most exciting in rock history.
Their relationship blossomed into a marriage.
Their relationship faded into monotony.
Their relationship fizzled out after a few months.
Their relationship has retained the vibrant freshness of its origins.
Their relationship is deteriorating.
Their relationship is dubious.
Their relationship is falling apart.
Their relationship is full of passion and warmth.
Their relationship is toxic.
Their relationship isn't equal.
Their relationship really started gaining momentum.
Their relationship was always solid.
Their relationship was falling apart.
Their relationship was strictly sexual.
Their religion is known to be very puritanical.
Their religion is not a good one.
Their religion likes to suppress sexuality, but I think that their interpretations of their holy writings are incorrect.
Their religions were invented in the 19th century and thereafter.
Their religious beliefs center around acknowledging and accepting the existence of the Devil.
Their religious fervor was unparalleled.
Their reports don't accord.
Their reports don’t accord.
Their reputation is good.
Their request was urgent.
Their research began with that assumption.
Their research used a survey method.
Their resemblance is uncanny.
Their respect for one another is evident.
Their response was unsatisfactory.
Their restaurant is famous throughout Algiers.
Their revenues are double what they were ten years ago.
Their roads are notoriously tough on cars.
Their romance was the talk of the town.
Their rooms are always clean.
Their rude behavior makes me angry.
Their sales are growing.
Their savage cruelty against God's people was beyond horrific, resulting in the Maccabean uprising.
Their scenes together were quite moving.
Their school and ours are sister schools.
Their school bell rang in the distance.
Their school looks very bad.
Their scope and shape is unclear.
Their screams filled the air.
Their second album is much better than their first album.
Their secret was laid bare.
Their sensibilities are skewered.
Their shadows played with the light.
Their ship is still in port.
Their ship struck a rock.
Their ship was at the mercy of the waves.
Their ships came from the depths of space, and within a few hours the Earth was conquered.
Their shoes are here.
Their shoulders are strong no matter what stance they are in so they can throw back to the pitcher well.
Their shouting match was so loud I could hear it from my room several doors down the hall.
Their shrill voices drilled into my head.
Their sickness, they are the only ones afflicted by it.
Their siheyuans were far smaller in scale and simpler in design and decoration, and the hutongs were narrower.
Their silence makes me nervous.
Their site was compromised by gay furry hackers.
Their situation is precarious.
Their situation was hopeless.
Their sizes are much the same.
Their skin is affected.
Their sleeping bags are wet.
Their sleeping bags were wet.
Their slogan is perfect.
Their small protest grew into a mass demonstration.
Their small protest triggered a mass demonstration.
Their small town had a reeve instead of a mayor.
Their smiles are my greatest reward.
Their smiles couldn't hide their disappointment at the low turnout.
Their sole aim is to taste the cake.
Their son claims to see ghosts.
Their son died in an accident.
Their son grew bigger.
Their son has autism.
Their son is just two and he already knows how to read.
Their son is only sixteen and already speaks twelve languages!
Their son is repairing a motorcycle in the garage.
Their son is sick.
Their son's name is John.
Their son's name is Tom.
Their son's success in the examination gave them great pleasure.
Their sons died during the war.
Their son’s name is John.
Their son’s success in the examination gave them great pleasure.
Their souls will go to hell for their behavior.
Their sources are wrong.
Their speech incited you to cruelty.
Their speech is funny.
Their sports were of a childish, pastoral character; Chloe would neglect her flock to roam in search of day-lilies, the stalks of which she twisted into traps for locusts; while Daphnis often played from morn till eve upon a pipe, which he had formed of slender reeds, perforating them between their joints, and securing them together with soft wax.
Their spouses are Polish.
Their statements were not congruent.
Their stay in Germany for a year was very fruitful.
Their stepmother, however, had always been most generous to them.
Their stories are extraordinary.
Their stories are tightly intertwined.
Their storm cellar tended to flood, so they never kept anything valuable down there.
Their story began five years ago, on March 11, when Japan was shaken by the largest earthquake ever to hit the island nation. The quake and resulting tsunami left more than 15,000 people dead, and crippled several nuclear reactors.
Their story sounds believable.
Their story was made up.
Their strategy didn't work.
Their striker is really good. We've got to be on our toes.
Their struggle is our struggle.
Their styles are different.
Their success has a lot to do with their diligence.
Their success is a challenge to my effort.
Their success is debatable.
Their suitcase is too heavy.
Their supplies were low.
Their supply of grub was gone.
Their support for him cooled.
Their support has been invaluable.
Their support has made a big difference.
Their support was invaluable to me.
Their sweet melody made young people feel free.
Their swords clashed.
Their swords crossed, and the combat commenced.
Their symptoms are subsiding.
Their talk is obscene, don't listen to them.
Their talks centered on their trip.
Their tantrums test my limits of tolerance.
Their task is to carry out the work within two weeks.
Their teacher congratulated them.
Their teacher got them together at the gate.
Their teacher is making them study hard.
Their teacher praised them.
Their teachings emphasize love and respect.
Their team cheated during the baseball game.
Their team doesn't have a ghost of a chance of winning this season.
Their team doesn’t have a ghost of a chance of winning this season.
Their team has a strong sense of unity.
Their team is not very cohesive.
Their team lost again.
Their team was better than ours last year.
Their team's name is NWO.
Their team’s name is NWO.
Their technology is rather surprisingly advanced.
Their territory was small for the population.
Their theory doesn't hold water.
Their threats don't scare her. "I will survive," she said indifferently.
Their time has come.
Their time has not yet come.
Their time hasn't come yet.
Their time is up.
Their timing was impeccable.
Their traces can still be found.
Their traditional life style no longer exists.
Their traditional lifestyle was destroyed.
Their train was late.
Their trip has been cancelled due to rain.
Their trip in 1903 lasted 63 days.
Their trip to Algiers has turned into a nightmare.
Their trip was postponed because of the rain.
Their trouble is over.
Their trouble stems from a trifling matter.
Their trust in each other is unshakeable.
Their twin daughters are preparing for an exam in the bedroom.
Their two shadows overlap.
Their two sons are named Tom and John.
Their unbeaten record came to an end with an embarrassing 5-0 defeat.
Their union is based on mutual benefit and convenience.
Their unsuccessful attempt met with tragedy.
Their unwillingness to satisfy the desires of the populace led to their electoral defeat.
Their upbringing was strange.
Their version of the event is suspicious. I think this matter should be looked into further.
Their vessels being now full of plunder, the Methymnaeans deemed it advisable not to prosecute their voyage any farther, the more especially as they were apprehensive of the winter-storms, and of an attack on the part of the inhabitants.
Their vetting process is very strict.
Their view of life may appear strange.
Their views vary on the subject.
Their village is small.
Their virtues are countless.
Their voices are hoarse.
Their voices are raspy.
Their voices lilt when they're happy regardless of their language.
Their voices match perfectly.
Their voices sound similar over the phone.
Their vulnerabilities had to be found.
Their wages went up.
Their way of doing things is different.
Their way of life and distance from Iraq's cities have kept them on the fringes of society.
Their way of speaking identified the various social classes.
Their way of speaking irritates me.
Their way of speaking irritates us.
Their way of thinking is behind the times.
Their way of thinking is old-fashioned.
Their wedding announcement is exquisite.
Their wedding day went unnoticed.
Their wedding is tomorrow.
Their wedding was televised on TV.
Their wedding will be tomorrow.
Their whereabouts are unknown.
Their whirlwind courtship quickly led to marriage.
Their wish is engraved on the base of the statue.
Their wish is my command.
Their wording was innocuous, but not entirely innocent.
Their words contradict their own feelings.
Their words made me cry.
Their words were kind, but the inflections they used seemed sarcastic.
Their work is repetitive.
Their work reveals a lot about songbird genetics, and opens a new door to understanding the basis of human speech.
Their work seems good to me.
Their works are mainly for the black market.
Their wounds are not healing quickly.
Their wounds, which they displayed, gained them belief among their countrymen, who resolved to avenge their cause, the more particularly, as they belonged to the first families in the place.
Their year-long stay in Germany was very fruitful.
Theirs is a large household; they have six children.
Theirs is a marriage of convenience; however, it works.
Theirs is a sexless marriage.
Theirs is an arranged marriage.
Theirs is an old family.
Theirs is not as old as ours.
Theirs is not as well-maintained as his.
Theirs was a nervous household. Jock and Hurry confined indoors for nearly two days had had too little exercise and too many good things to eat. They were quite cross and irrepressible. John had the fidgets. He couldn't even stay in the same room for more than a minute, and he wouldn't even try sitting down for a change. Lucy had had to give up at least a dozen things that required dry weather and sunshine. She seemed to take the rain as something directed particularly against herself by malicious persons. Evelyn, also cross and nervous, was on the point of retiring to her own room to write letters. Just then Dawson Cooper telephoned to know if she cared to take a little walk in the rain and she accepted with alacrity.
Theist and atheist: the fight between them is as to whether God shall be called God or shall have some other name.
Them at least, they can confront her!
Them at least, they can confront him!
Them at least, they can confront them!
Themed “United by Emotion,” the opening ceremony featured fireworks, musical performances and a cauldron-lighting ceremony executed by Japanese tennis player Naomi Osaka.
Then AEneas' limbs with fear / were loosened, and he groaned and stretched his hands in prayer. / "Thrice, four times blest, who, in their fathers' face / fell by the walls of Ilion far away!"
Then Abraham looked immediately behind and saw a ram between the brambles, caught by the horns, and he lifted up the ram to the offering, and he slaughtered it there as a sacrifice to God instead of his son Isaac.
Then Abraham took sheep and oxen, and gave them to Abimelech: and both of them made a league.
Then Benjamin saw that she was his sister, and said, "I am Benjamin, thy youngest brother." And she began to weep for joy, and Benjamin wept also, and they kissed and embraced each other with the greatest love.
Then Boaz said to Ruth, "Listen, my daughter. Don’t go to glean in another field, and don’t go from here, but stay here close to my maidens. Let your eyes be on the field that they reap, and go after them. Haven't I commanded the young men not to touch you? When you are thirsty, go to the vessels, and drink from that which the young men have drawn."
Then Boaz said to his servant who was set over the reapers, "Whose young lady is this?"
Then Boaz said, "On the day you buy the field from the hand of Naomi, you must buy it also from Ruth the Moabite, the wife of the dead, to raise up the name of the dead on his inheritance."
Then Bob proposed: "A Merry Christmas to us all, my dears. God bless us!" Which all his family re-echoed. "God bless us every one!" said Tiny Tim, the last of all.
Then Chloe raised the pipe to her lips and blew with all her strength, and the cows hearing the pipe and recognising the notes began to low and all at once leaped into the sea. As they all plunged from the same side the vessel was overset, the waves closed over it and it sank.
Then Dido thus, with downcast look sedate: / "Take courage, Trojans, and dismiss your fear. / My kingdom's newness and the stress of Fate / force me to guard far off the frontiers of my state."
Then Dido, struck with wonder at the sight / of one so great and in so strange a plight, / "O Goddess-born! what fate through dangers sore, / what force to savage coasts compels thy flight?"
Then Dymas brave / and Hypanis by comrades' hands are slain. / Nor, Panthus, thee thy piety can save, / nor e'en Apollo's wreath preserve thee from the grave.
Then Esau ran to meet his brother, and embraced him: and clasping him fast about the neck, and kissing him, wept.
Then Gerda kissed his cheeks, and they became blooming; and she kissed his eyes, and they shone like her own; she kissed his hands and his feet, and then he became quite healthy and cheerful.
Then Gerda told her everything, while the old woman shook her head, and said, "Hem-hem."
Then Hawking wanted to finish his degree, work at Cambridge, and keep on living.
Then I broke my blue ribbon and began to drink again.
Then I can have some peace of my mind.
Then I can still have five more minutes of sleep.
Then I can wait in the next room.
Then I did market research and was shocked to realise that there isn't a single smartphone application for those purposes.
Then I felt that my parents really loved me.
Then I found I had left my wallet at home.
Then I gave up reading.
Then I have your permission?
Then I heard a gentle creaking as the window was very slowly opened.
Then I heard what one of the girls told the officers: "This music is beautiful. Why are they so upset?"
Then I met your father and we moved to the town.
Then I panicked even more.
Then I sang a silly song about an ant who tried to wrestle a chewing gum.
Then I saw two men walking my way.
Then I slipped out the card. No water leaks out because no air can come in; the rim is too close to the table for that.
Then I switched off the telly and fell asleep.
Then I switched the telly off and fell asleep.
Then I think we have a deal.
Then I took my watch from under the pillow.
Then I try to play the first notes.
Then I turned off the television and fell asleep.
Then I walked upstairs to the dressing rooms.
Then I was made aware that snakes have no ears with which to hear.
Then I went down into the metro.
Then I went down into the tube station.
Then I went down the underground.
Then I went on deck.
Then I went to bed and slept until morning.
Then I will tell you.
Then I woke up.
Then I worked at the post office.
Then I would like to sing a song of my own composition.
Then I'd take the nickel out.
Then I'll come again later.
Then I'll go swimming for a bit.
Then I'll go through you.
Then I'll have to take it from you by force.
Then I'll help you overturn the wagon.
Then I'll prove it to you!
Then I'll see what I can do!
Then I'll try the thought.
Then I'll work on the principle that deference is no substitute for obedience.
Then I'm afraid we have a bit of a problem.
Then I'm not the only one.
Then I, with stammering accents, intercede, / and, sore perplext, these broken words outthrow / to calm her transport:
Then Inger again heard her name pronounced, and saw above her head what seemed to be two bright stars; they were in fact two kind eyes which were closing on earth. So many years had gone by since the little girl had cried so bitterly at the story of "Poor Inger," that the child had grown to be an old woman whom the Lord was now calling to Himself.
Then Israel said to them: If it must needs be so, do what you will: take of the best fruits of the land in your vessels, and carry down presents to the man, a little balm, and honey, and storax, myrrh, turpentine, and almonds.
Then I’d take the nickel out.
Then I’ll come again later.
Then I’ll help you overturn the wagon.
Then I’ll work on the principle that deference is no substitute for obedience.
Then Jacob rose up, and having set his children and wives upon camels, went his way.
Then Jacob was greatly afraid; and in his fear divided the people that was with him, and the flocks, and the sheep, and the oxen, and the camels, into two companies, saying: If Esau come to one company, and destroy it, the other company that is left shall escape.
Then Jacob went on in his journey, and came into the east country.
Then James and John, the sons of Zebedee, came to Jesus. “Teacher,” they said, “there is something we want you to do for us.”
Then Jesus came from Galilee to the Jordan to be baptized by John.
Then Jim and Jenny will do it.
Then John gave this testimony.
Then Joseph came and told Pharaoh, and said, My father and my brethren, and their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have, are come out of the land of Canaan; and, behold, they are in the land of Goshen.
Then Joseph came in to his house, and they offered him the presents, holding them in their hands; and they bowed down with their face to the ground.
Then Joseph said to the people: Behold, as you see, both you and your lands belong to Pharaoh; take seed and sow the fields, that you may have corn. The fifth part you shall give to the king; the other four you shall have for seed, and for food for your families and children.
Then Joseph went out to the land of Egypt. (Now he was thirty years old when he stood before king Pharaoh), and he went round all the countries of Egypt.
Then Jove, soft-smiling with the look that clears / the storms, and gently kissing her, replies.
Then Juda coming nearer, said boldly: I beseech thee, my lord, let thy servant speak a word in thy ears, and be not angry with thy servant: for after Pharaoh thou art.
Then Jupiter sent them a water snake, which began to ferociously devour them one by one. Silenced with terror, the frogs tried in vain to escape death.
Then Mary started singing, too.
Then Mike tells Hiroshi to fasten his seat belt.
Then Moses and the children of Israel sung this canticle to the Lord, and said: Let us sing to the Lord: for he is gloriously magnified, the horse and the rider he hath thrown into the sea.
Then Pilate took Jesus and had Him flogged. The soldiers twisted together a crown of thorns, put it on His head, and dressed Him in a purple robe. And they went up to Him again and again, saying, “Hail, King of the Jews!” and slapping Him in the face.
Then Priam, though hemmed with death on every side, / spared not his utterance, nor his wrath controlled.
Then Robert woke up again, and all of his limbs were hurting.
Then Sherlock Holmes cocked his eye at me, leaning back on the cushions with a pleased and yet critical face, like a connoisseur who has just taken his first sip of a comet vintage.
Then Tom and I moved.
Then Tom claimed the princess for his wife, and married her; and he was heir to the kingdom, and lived long and happily with his wife.
Then Tom was hanged.
Then Zoroaster brought the religion. Under the command of King Vishtaspa, a thousand and two hundred chapters were engraved and written in the Avestan script onto golden tablets, and were put as the treasure of that Fire.
Then a faintness came over her; she recalled the Viscount who had waltzed with her at the chateau, and his beard exhaled like this air an odour of vanilla and citron, and mechanically she half-closed her eyes the better to breathe it in.
Then a good idea came into my mind.
Then a little black animal came up; it was a dog, but she had never seen one before; it barked so furiously at her that she was frightened and made for the open sea.
Then a little flesh from the tripe of an old cow is served up, but boiled fifteen days before.
Then a little time-wasting idea came to mind.
Then a long, agonized, writhing neck shot upward and a dreadful cry echoed over the moor. It turned me cold with horror, but my companion’s nerves seemed to be stronger than mine.
Then a mild electrical current sent through electrodes on the volunteers’ scalp caused the brain to suppress signals that affect the inner ear.
Then a woman came out and began to sing. She had a rich, strong soprano voice.
Then about 10 years ago something remarkable happened as indie bookstores came back to life, many thriving and growing every year.
Then about 2.3 to 2.5 billion years ago, during the Proterozoic Eon, blue-green algae called cyanobacteria, living in Earth’s shallow oceans, began emitting enough oxygen through photosynthesis to create the permanently oxygenated atmosphere that keeps us alive today.
Then add the finely chopped apples.
Then add three eggs, five dessertspoonfuls of condensed milk and the melted chocolate, and stir until you have a smooth dough.
Then again / a third tall shaft I grasp, with sinewy strain / and firm knees pressed against the sandy ground; / when O! shall tongue make utterance or refrain? / forth from below a dismal, groaning sound / heaves, and a piteous voice is wafted from the mound:
Then again I fly / to arms – to arms, in frenzy of despair, / and long in utter misery to die. / What other choice was left, what other chance to try?
Then all of a sudden a good idea came to me.
Then all the girls began to cry, one after the other.
Then all the multitude of the children of Israel setting forward from the desert of Sin, by their mansions, according to the word of the Lord, encamped in Raphidim, where there was no water for the people to drink.
Then an argument developed between some of John's disciples and a certain Jew about purification.
Then an argument developed between some of John’s disciples and a certain Jew about purification.
Then an unbidden guest stepped to the microphone.
Then arose the question of where we were to get the necessary machinery.
Then as now, the house is beautiful to look at.
Then at length the chief butler remembering, said: I confess my sin.
Then back, rejoicing, through the liquid air / to Paphos and her home she flies away, / where, steaming with Sabaean incense rare, / an hundred altars breathe with garlands fresh and fair.
Then began a period of feverish activity.
Then bid my comrades quit the port and shore, / and man the benches. They with rival strain / and slanting oar-blades sweep the levels of the main.
Then bids the crews unbind / the stern-ropes, loose the sheets and spread them to the wind.
Then came King Herod.
Then came the time to shoulder the whole responsibility.
Then came there two women, that were harlots, unto the king, and stood before him.
Then can nothing be done about that?
Then can we turn to life and fill the whole horizon of our souls with it, turn with added zest to all the serious tasks which it imposes and to the pure delights which here and there it affords.
Then certainly they had devoured us all, and swallowed quick for ought that we could deem; such was their rage, as we might well esteem. And as fierce floods before them all things drown, so had they brought our soul to death quite down.
Then clean it really well.
Then come by my place tomorrow afternoon!
Then come the clamour and the trumpet's blare.
Then conquer we must, when our cause it is just. And this be our motto: “In God is our trust”. And the Star - Spangled Banner in triumph shall wave o’er the land of the free and the home of the brave.
Then day became evening, and evening became night, and Tom got lost.
Then dip each croquette in beaten egg, roll in bread-crumbs again, and fry in hot fat.
Then do it yourself!
Then do it!
Then don't put your nose in my armpit.
Then everyone drank coffee.
Then everyone gives kisses to anyone they like.
Then explain to me why you have Rima's pictures on your phone.
Then first with eager joy / "O Goddess-born," the bold Achates cries, / "how now? What purpose doth thy mind devise? / Lo! all are safe – ships, comrades brought again; / one only fails us, who before our eyes / sank in the midst of the engulfing main. / All else confirms the tale thy mother told thee plain."
Then for many, Polemarchus—all human beings who make mistakes—it will turn out that to be just to harm friends, for their friends are bad and just to help enemies, for they are good. So we shall say the very opposite of what we asserted Simonides means.
Then fury spurred their courage, and behold, / As ravening wolves, when darkness hides the day, / Stung with mad fire of famine uncontrolled, / Prowl from their dens, and leave the whelps to stay, / With jaws athirst and gaping for the prey. / So to sure death, amid the darkness there, / Where swords, and spears, and foemen bar the way, / Into the centre of the town we fare. / Night with her shadowy cone broods o'er the vaulted air.
Then give me two more!
Then great were your hopes, sad your thoughts.
Then grocery store was quite busy.
Then hang the green coronet of the Christmas-tree with glittering baubles and jewels of flame; heap offerings on its emerald branches; bring the Yule log to the firing; deck the house with holly and mistletoe, "And all the bells on earth shall ring On Christmas day in the morning."
Then happy I that love and am beloved where I may not remove, nor be removed.
Then he added some bits of hot green chili peppers, and then put the top piece of toast onto the chili pepper bits.
Then he added two slices of onion.
Then he became a caddie at Brookline, played the game more seriously than before, with three clubs that a member of the Country Club gave to him, and at sixteen years of age won, at the second attempt, the championship of his school.
Then he began his work at Cambridge, developing many new ideas about the nature of the universe.
Then he began working at Cambridge and developing many more ideas about the nature of the universe.
Then he bought a black tuxedo suit for the theater, a warm winter coat, a red bathrobe, and the finest silk underclothes.
Then he brought Simon to Jesus, who looked at him and spoke.
Then he called the bridegroom aside and said, "Everyone brings out the choice wine first and then the cheaper wine after the guests have had too much to drink, but you have saved the best till now."
Then he came to his senses.
Then he cried out as loud as he could, but no one heard him.
Then he did a backflip, snapped the bad guy's neck, and saved the day.
Then he ended by doing what all boys do, when they have no heart and little brain.
Then he fell ill.
Then he felt quite ashamed, and hid his head under his wing; for he did not know what to do.
Then he got an awesome idea.
Then he got dressed, stuffed his lecture notes into his briefcase, and ran down the stairs.
Then he kicked the ball hard.
Then he kicked the ball strongly.
Then he kissed him.
Then he lay on the same bed.
Then he left her and married some random actress.
Then he lit his pipe and sat for some time smoking.
Then he looked at her intently, and suddenly gave her a hug and kissed her on the lips.
Then he opened the door and stepped outside.
Then he poured a little bit of vegetable oil into the pan.
Then he raised his hand to interrupt me.
Then he released the cat from the bag.
Then he remembered what the Princess had told him.
Then he runs down the stairs.
Then he runs downstairs.
Then he rustled his feathers, curved his slender neck, and cried joyfully, from the depths of his heart, "I never dreamed of such happiness as this, while I was an ugly duckling."
Then he said hello to the old man in the same language.
Then he said to him: What is that thou holdest in thy hand? He answered: A rod.
Then he said to the rising tide, “You are subject to me, as the land on which I am sitting is mine, and no one has resisted my overlordship with impunity. I command you, therefore, not to rise on to my land, nor to presume to wet the clothing or limbs of your master.”
Then he said: Bring me the meats of thy hunting, my son, that my soul may bless thee. And when they were brought, and he had eaten, he offered him wine also, which after he had drunk, he said to him: Come near me, and give me a kiss, my son.
Then he sails south to Orkney.
Then he searched for her in the grotto, whither she had fled, and whence she had been dragged away.
Then he started drinking and went off the rails.
Then he stopped by a dead badger.
Then he stretched his legs and settled back in his seat.
Then he takes the crest, / the shield and dagger of Androgeus.
Then he told Jackson to get started.
Then he told an anecdote which wasn't quite picked up by the microphones.
Then he told them, "Now draw some out and take it to the master of the banquet." They did so.
Then he took fresh cheese and milk and the calf which he had had prepared, set them all before them, and stood beside them under the tree while they ate.
Then he took her by the hand and led her into the palace.
Then he took his own life.
Then he was led to the gallows.
Then he was saying this against you.
Then he was thinking all night.
Then he wellied the ball.
Then he went back over it to make sure it was right.
Then he would give his letters to another rider.
Then his 27-year-old grandson, Matt Jost, struggles with a large flywheel to start the tractor.
Then his mother reflected.
Then his mother thought about it.
Then his mother thought.
Then his plaintive tone / no more could Venus bear, but interrupts her son: / "Stranger", she answered, "whosoe'er thou be; / not unbeloved of heavenly powers, I ween, / thou breath'st the vital air, whom Fate's decree / permits a Tyrian city to have seen."
Then his wife said she was pregnant.
Then homeward turn, if haply in her flight, / if, haply, thither she had strayed; but ere / I came, behold, the Danaans, loud in fight, / swarmed through the halls.
Then how about this: 1500 a month.
Then if it wasn't you, who was it?
Then if some statesman reverend and grave, / stand forth conspicuous, and the tumult brave / all, hushed, attend; his guiding words restrain / their angry wills.
Then in Paris, the founders convoked a committee of scientists from various countries. Three or four (Couturat, Ostwald, Jespersen, Baudouin de Courtenay) attended in person.
Then interaction with others becomes important.
Then is it okay if I'm doing it like this?
Then is it war again, after so long a truce?
Then it dawned on me that they were speaking Spanish.
Then it draws more silky lines across these spokes, leaving a smooth, non-sticky patch in the middle of the web.
Then it was that Daphnis bethought himself of the teachings of Lycaenium, and that Chloe, for the first time in her life, realised that their caresses in the woods and fields had been but so much child's play.
Then join in!
Then just forget her. Leave her in peace.
Then let me prove it to you.
Then let me to the valley go, This pretty flower to see; That I may also learn to grow In sweet humility.
Then let us begin.
Then let's exchange phone numbers.
Then let’s us chat a little.
Then little Gerda was very much frightened, and began to cry, but no one heard her except the sparrows.
Then little Gerda wept hot tears, which fell on his breast, and penetrated into his heart, and thawed the lump of ice, and washed away the little piece of glass which had stuck there.
Then on the third day, when they saw the mountain where they had to go to slay Isaac, then Abraham said to those two servants thus:
Then one evening, while taking the commuter train home, he sees a beautiful woman gazing wistfully from the window of an office building.
Then opes the casks, which good Acestes, fain / at parting, filled on the Trinacrian beach, / and shares the wine, and soothes their drooping hearts with speech.
Then other buyers will not want to come to Bangladesh.
Then our chairman came up with a good idea, which we have made into a great plan.
Then papa sits down by the table, and the mousey runs up his leg and jumps on the table, and then he takes the crumbs I put down for him.
Then participate!
Then people knew, that the world is a sphere.
Then perish.
Then rising from his seat, he stood a moment as if in thought, and passed through the open door to the next room, opened a cupboard there and took something out.
Then said Daniel unto the king, O king, live for ever.
Then seeing his sons, he said to him: Who are these? He answered: They are my sons, whom God hath given me in this place. And he said: Bring them to me, that I may bless them.
Then she addressed me thus, and comforted my care. / "What boots this idle passion? Why so fain / sweet husband, thus to sorrow and repine?"
Then she arose with her daughters-in-law, that she might return from the country of Moab; for she had heard in the country of Moab how the Lord had visited his people in giving them bread.
Then she began to say “Youth, O most worthy to be thought a god, if you are a god, you must be Cupid, or, if you are mortal, whoever engendered you is blessed, and any brother of yours is happy, any sister fortunate, if you have sisters, and even the nurse who suckled you at her breast. But far beyond them, and far more blessed is she, if there is a she, promised to you, whom you think worthy of marriage. If there is someone, let mine be a stolen pleasure, if not, I will be the one, and let us enter into marriage together.”
Then she began to walk again.
Then she called out to him.
Then she chucked him.
Then she drew her golden comb gently through Elsa's hair, and bade her go to bed.
Then she dumped him.
Then she fell on her face and bowed herself to the ground, and said to him, "Why have I found favor in your sight, that you should take knowledge of me, since I am a foreigner?"
Then she fell silent.
Then she found several stacks of thousand-dollar bills under a bush and put them in her basket.
Then she gave him his marching orders.
Then she gave him some dry figs and bread from her scrip, and whilst he was partaking of this fare she oft-time snatched a morsel from his mouth and ate it, as though she had been a nestling taking food from its mother's beak.
Then she hurried home.
Then she kissed him.
Then she kissed them, and they lifted up their voices, and wept.
Then she met a cow, and the cow said, "Little girl, little girl, milk me, milk me! Seven years have I been waiting, and no one has come to milk me."
Then she punctured her breast and let the black blood drop into the cauldron.
Then she quickly laid down the ewer from her shoulder and said to me: "Drink, you too, and I will give your camels something to drink." I drank, then she watered the camels.
Then she said, "Let me find favor in your sight, my lord, because you have comforted me, and because you have spoken kindly to your servant, though I am not as one of your servants."
Then she said, "Wait, my daughter, until you know what will happen; for the man will not rest until he has settled this today."
Then she sat at the table in the little nook, drinking coffee, smoking a cigarette and leafing through the paper.
Then she saw her sisters rise from the water, they were as pale as she was, their beautiful long hair no longer floated on the breeze, for it had been cut off. "We have given it to the witch to obtain her help, so that you may not die to-night! she has given us a knife, here it is, look how sharp it is! Before the sun rises, you must plunge it into the prince's heart, and when his warm blood sprinkles your feet they will join together and grow into a tail, and you will once more be a mermaid."
Then she shut herself in the east gable room and wept all her shame and remorse and disappointment into her pillows.
Then she swept the stove and set the table, bringing the dishes out of the pantry.
Then she told the King the evil deed which the wicked witch and her daughter had been guilty of towards her. The King ordered both to be led before the judge, and judgment was delivered against them. The daughter was taken into the forest where she was torn to pieces by wild beasts, but the witch was cast into the fire and miserably burnt.
Then she took off her red shoes, which she liked better than anything else, and threw them both into the river.
Then she took out a needle and thread, and began to darn her stockings.
Then she was a little girl.
Then she was floating on her back.
Then she watched to see who would discover the poor prince.
Then she went on a little bit farther, and came to an apple-tree, so loaded with fruit that its branches were breaking down, and the tree said, "Little girl, little girl, help me shake my fruit. My branches are breaking, it is so heavy." And the girl said, "Of course I will, you poor tree."
Then she went on again till she came to a house. Now in this house there lived a witch, and this witch took girls into her house as servants.
Then she, while he was bathing, took his dress and donned it after kissing it lovingly.
Then shoreward sends beeves twenty to the rest, / a hundred boars, of broad and bristly chine, / a hundred lambs and ews and gladdening gifts of wine.
Then show me your reservation slip.
Then sire Anchises hastened to entwine / a massive goblet with a wreath, and vowed / libations to the gods, and poured the wine / and on the lofty stern invoked the powers divine: / "Great gods, whom Earth and Sea and Storms obey, / breathe fair, and waft us smoothly o'er the main."
Then so be it.
Then something happened that was completely out of the ordinary, an event that would change the lives of those present for ever.
Then something happened that was completely out of the ordinary, something that would change the lives of those present for ever.
Then spake my sire, revolving in his mind / the ancient legends of the Trojan kind, / "Chieftains, give ear, and learn your hopes and mine."
Then speak now or forever hold your peace.
Then stop crying.
Then straight, for doubtful was our answer there, / he knew him taken in the foemen's toils. / Shuddering, he checks his voice, and back his foot recoils.
Then suddenly came the Dreyfus explosion, and I'm alive again my head bursting with ideas!
Then suddenly he slapped his thigh in a paroxysm of amusement.
Then suddenly he sneezed.
Then take it.
Then take the first side street on the right.
Then taking some bread and cheese from her scrip she entreated him to eat, and, to comfort him the more efficaciously, pressed her tender lips to his, and gave him a kiss as sweet as honey.
Then that animosity is being passed on down to us?
Then that means I lost everything.
Then the Germans struck again.
Then the King could not restrain himself; he sprang towards her, and said, "You can be none other than my dear wife." She answered, "Yes, I am your dear wife," and at the same moment she received life again, and by God's grace became fresh, rosy, and full of health.
Then the King recognized the love his Queen had for him, and brought her back to his palace, and they lived together there forever afterwards.
Then the King said to his wife, "If the thirteenth child which thou art about to bring into the world, is a girl, the twelve boys shall die, in order that her possessions may be great, and that the kingdom may fall to her alone."
Then the King, who came up at hearing the noise, remembered what the fairies had foretold.
Then the Lord God cast a deep sleep upon Adam: and when he was fast asleep, he took one of his ribs, and filled up flesh for it.
Then the Lord said unto Moses, Now shalt thou see what I will do to Pharaoh: for with a strong hand shall he let them go, and with a strong hand shall he drive them out of his land.
Then the Queen and her nymphs turned and saw standing before them Necile, with the sleeping infant clasped tightly in her arms and a defiant look in her deep blue eyes.
Then the Queen said, "You allowed me to take with me that which I loved best in the palace, and so I took you."
Then the bear ran to her wheelbarrow, threw off her bear's skin, and touched it with the magic wand that the witch had given her. In a moment the skin was changed into an exquisite ball dress woven out of moon-beams, and the wheel-barrow was changed into a carriage drawn by two prancing steeds.
Then the best route for the line to take had to be worked out, determined primarily by the geography of the land it had to cross.
Then the bird flew into the towns and peeped about.
Then the birds began to twitter, and the forest too was full of green young leaves; and out of it came a beautiful horse.
Then the bus left the town and drove along a country road.
Then the day came when it suddenly occurred to him that if he ascended to the point of view after dark, or possibly went a mile or two further, he would see the night lights of the city.
Then the doll's eyes began to shine like fireflies, and suddenly it became alive.
Then the doll's eyes began to shine like two stars and it became alive.
Then the doll's eyes began to shine like two stars and it came to life.
Then the false bride answered: "She deserves to be put stark naked into a barrel lined with sharp nails, which should be dragged by two white horses up and down the street till she is dead."
Then the fanatic Gallic forces of the Revolution entered the Rhineland, and laid the magnificent castle in ruins.
Then the frog threw off her frogskin and turned into a beautiful, sweet girl, named Vasilissa.
Then the ghost spoke again, and his voice sounded like the sighing of the wind.
Then the girl kissed me.
Then the girl threw a mirror behind her.
Then the god of death spoke in a loud voice.
Then the grandmother smoothed his hair and told him some more tales.
Then the guest of honor opens them and expresses his or her appreciation.
Then the handmaids and their children came near and bowed themselves.
Then the head of Cyrus and his right hand were cut off.
Then the herdsman and Chloe, holding the other end of the cord, placed themselves at the edge of the pit, and pulled as strongly as they could, whilst Daphnis climbed up as well as he was able, and at last was extricated from his prison.
Then the journey is continued through the tunnel under the English Channel, to France, the land of Charlemagne and Napoleon.
Then the king commanded, and they brought Daniel, and cast him into the den of lions. Now the king spake and said unto Daniel, Thy God whom thou servest continually, he will deliver thee.
Then the king's daughter began to cry.
Then the little doll's eyes would begin to shine like glowworms, and it would become alive.
Then the little mermaid kissed his hand, and felt as if her heart were broken already.
Then the little mermaid sighed and looked sadly at her fish's tail.
Then the little mermaid swam farther off behind some high rocks and covered her hair and breast with foam, so that no one should see her little face.
Then the maid ran, and told in her mother's house all that she had heard.
Then the merry little boys they will ramble, / So gleesome, o’er mountain and dale, / Where the sweets of the rose through the bramble / Will be blown by the mild summer gale: / Then a share of Nature’s smiles each morning / To the poor humble peasant will be given. / While the lark from his covert he is soaring, / His musical notes to the heaven.
Then the monkey went round with a little tin cup.
Then the motor suddenly died.
Then the old queen had eight oysters fixed on to the princess's tail to show her high rank.
Then the paranoid symptoms appear; he imagines himself surrounded by envious enemies, who are conspiring against him.
Then the pen fell from my hand and I just listened.
Then the phone rang. It was the doctor.
Then the prince took Elsa on his horse, and rode with her to the town, where the old king received her graciously.
Then the railing gave way.
Then the rumors started.
Then the shepherds and herdsmen again led their flocks to pasture, and Daphnis and Chloe were earlier than all others, for they themselves were guided by the mightiest of shepherds, Love.
Then the street was quiet.
Then the street was very quiet.
Then the teacher punished him.
Then the two images merge into one.
Then the vast forest seemed to fall away from their feet, and the youth found himself passing swiftly through the air at a great height.
Then the wild beasts start wanting to go crazy.
Then the witch placed her cauldron on the fire, to prepare the magic draught.
Then the woman felt ashamed and asked for the king’s forgiveness, and he forgave her.
Then the young bird felt that his wings were strong, as he flapped them against his sides, and rose high into the air.
Then the young man jammed his hat on his head, seized the suit-case and umbrella, and galloped down the steps.
Then the younger brother set off, and the elder remained behind.
Then the younger brother set off, the elder remaining behind.
Then the younger sibling set off, and the elder remained behind.
Then the younger sister set off, and the elder remained behind.
Then there are the public places.
Then there is a problem...
Then there shouldn't be any problem.
Then these are your instructions, and I beg, my dear Watson, that you will obey them to the letter, for you are now playing a double-handed game with me against the cleverest rogue and the most powerful syndicate of criminals in Europe.
Then they believed the scripture and the words that Jesus had spoken.
Then they brought me in front of the judge.
Then they came to Bangladesh as immigrants.
Then they divided his business among themselves.
Then they fell asleep, and were woken the next morning by the sun.
Then they fly round to the Indian Ocean and down to Antarctica.
Then they gathered some of the flowers of the season, crowned the statues with garlands and hung up Dorcon's pipe as a votive offering to the Nymphs.
Then they picked dandelions and put them in their ears.
Then they planted this garden with all manner fruit-bearing trees and fragrant herbs and flowers and firstlings of every kind and hue and they trained the branches after a wonderful fashion, leading under their shade leats and runnels of cool water; and the boughs were cunningly dispread so as to veil the ground which was planted with grains of divers sorts and greens and all of vegetation that serveth for the food of man.
Then they played "ring-a-ring-a-rosy" until they were tired and thirsty.
Then they played "ring-a-ring-a-rosy" until they were worn out.
Then they played Jump The Daisies and Run Through The Clover.
Then they rent their garments, and loading their asses again, returned into the town.
Then they retype the entire volume by hand, since there is no character recognition software for Nom letters.
Then they shall be man and wife.
Then they speedily took down their sacks to the ground, and every man opened his sack.
Then they themselves retired to rest, and this was the first night, for a long time past, that they slept soundly: they found that fatigue was the best remedy for the restlessness of love.
Then they took each other by the hand, and went forth from the great palace of ice.
Then they took me to the judge.
Then they turned their faces towards each other and they did not loose each other's hands.
Then they were hindered by the birch-trees, whose branches almost put their eyes out. But the little sister tied the twigs together with a piece of ribbon, and they got past safely.
Then they will be husband and wife.
Then this is what he was hiding from us.
Then to Anchises, as he bids us spread / the sails, with reverence speaks Apollo's seer, / "Far-famed Anchises, honoured with the bed / of haughty Venus, Heaven's peculiar care, / Twice saved from Troy! behold Ausonia there, / steer towards her coasts, yet skirt them; far away / that region lies, which Phoebus doth prepare. / Blest in thy son's devotion, take thy way. / Why should more words of mine the rising South delay?"
Then to the queen, all wondering, he exclaimed, / "Behold me, Troy's AEneas; I am here, / the man ye seek, from Libyan waves reclaimed."
Then too the sheep began to bleat, while the lambs frisked on the sward, or stooped under their mothers to suck. And the he-goats contended for their mates, jealously guarding the one they selected from the approaches of any rival.
Then travel to Ouarzazat.
Then trembling seized me and, amidst my fear, / what power I know not, but some power unkind / confused my wandering wits, and robbed me of my mind. / For while, the byways following, I left / the beaten track, ah! woe and well away! / my wife Creusa lost me – whether reft / by Fate, or faint or wandering astray, / I know not.
Then twelve o'clock came.
Then twelve o’clock came.
Then two harlots came to the king and stood before him.
Then two prostitutes came to the king and stood before him.
Then want must be your master.
Then we came to Kyoto, where we stayed for a week.
Then we can continue the algorithm.
Then we decided to leave everything as it was, in its place - let him study where he wants to.
Then we kissed the little maiden, And we spoke in better cheer, And we anchored safe in harbour When the morn was shining clear.
Then we never heard from Tom again. But it wasn't a problem at all.
Then we rushed on into the captain's cabin, but as we pushed open the door there was an explosion from within, and there he lay wit his brains smeared over the chart of the Atlantic which was pinned upon the table, while the chaplain stood with a smoking pistol in his hand at his elbow.
Then we shook hands and said good-bye.
Then we shook hands and said goodbye.
Then we should go back.
Then we shouldn't have any problems.
Then we visited Washington, D.C., the capital of the United States of America.
Then we went out into the fresh air and, sitting on the lawn, continued to talk.
Then we went to a nightclub.
Then we went to the theater.
Then we went to the theatre.
Then we will slaughter that fat pig.
Then were the princes of Edom troubled, trembling seized on the stout men of Moab: all the inhabitants of Canaan became stiff.
Then what are you waiting for?
Then what did you do?
Then what do I do?
Then what do you need the money for?
Then what do you take me for?
Then what does it mean?
Then what happened?
Then what is it?
Then what is love? A disease which can strike people at any age.
Then what is this I wonder? If it isn’t dodgy door-to-door sales then could it be a new kind of pickup technique for the ladies?
Then what is this, I wonder? If it isn't dodgy door-to-door sales, then could it be a new kind of pickup technique for the ladies?
Then what is this, I wonder? If it isn't door-to-door sales, then could it be a new kind of technique for getting to know ladies?
Then what kind of life brings happiness?
Then what shall I do tomorrow?
Then what's next?
Then what's the problem?
Then what's your problem?
Then what?
Then where did they hide their spy equipment?
Then where did you go?
Then where's the key?
Then who are you? Are you Elijah?
Then who did you talk with?
Then who do you take me for?
Then who do you think I am?
Then who is he?
Then who will take care of your cat?
Then who?
Then why are you crying?
Then why are you giving her money?
Then why are you so angry?
Then why are you so mad?
Then why bother at all?
Then why did you run?
Then why have you sold it?
Then why haven't you said anything?
Then will come the greatest criminal trial of the century, the clearing up of over forty mysteries, and the rope for all of them.
Then with an inarticulate roar of fury, the prisoner wrenched himself free from Holmes' grasp, and hurled himself through the window.
Then with lowly downcast eye / she dropped her voice, and softly made reply. / "Ah! happy maid of Priam, doomed instead / at Troy upon a foeman's tomb to die! / Not drawn by lot for servitude, nor led / a captive thrall, like me, to grace a conqueror's bed."
Then you are at the wrong address.
Then you can count on me.
Then you can sail away.
Then you cannot be a cannibal.
Then you have suitors.
Then you just have to fill out this card.
Then you must be Argentinian.
Then you should visit us tomorrow!
Then you suddenly heard a loud bang, like a revolver being fired.
Then you water the bowl of flour with a little water.
Then you were alone, right?
Then you will be happy.
Then you will have money and you will be happy.
Then you'll go to warzazat.
Then you'll have to get a move on.
Then you'll have to get a shift on.
Then you'll have to hurry up.
Then you'll have to hurry.
Then you'll write to the Princess after tea, Alfred?
Then, I'll be leaving you.
Then, I’ll be leaving you.
Then, a lone snowflake floated down from the night sky.
Then, a shout was raised.
Then, aided by his faithful friends Donkey (a talking donkey, of course) and the swashbuckling, debonair Puss-In-Boots, he rescued Princess Fiona from the fire-breathing dragon.
Then, although it was dreary up to the other day, everywhere were flowers, flowers, flowers.
Then, amid the lurid light, / I see Troy sinking in the flames around, / and mighty Neptune's walls laid level with the ground.
Then, as I approached the door, she seized my sleeve and pulled me back with convulsive strength.
Then, as it was necessary to let the smoking mass cool, Neb and Pencroff, directed by Mr. Smith, brought, on a hurdle made of branches, numerous loads of limestone which they found scattered in abundance to the north of the lake.
Then, as the end of the enchantment was come, the Princess awoke, and looking on him with eyes more tender than could have been expected at first sight, said:— "Is it you, my Prince? You have waited a long while."
Then, as the newsreader began a live interview, the channel was pulled from the airwaves.
Then, as with arms he comes to aid, they bind / in giant grasp the father. Twice, behold, / around his waist the horrid volumes wind, / twice round his neck their scaly backs are rolled, / high over all their heads and glittering crests unfold.
Then, at break of day, the king arose and went in haste to the den of lions.
Then, at last, the policeman lowered his arm.
Then, audience granted, as the fane they filled, / thus calmly spake the eldest of the train, / Ilioneus: "O queen, whom Jove hath willed / to found this new-born city, here to reign, / and stubborn tribes with justice to refrain, / we, Troy's poor fugitives, implore thy grace, / storm-tost and wandering over every main: / forbid the flames our vessels to deface, / mark our afflicted plight, and spare a pious race."
Then, being left to themselves, they mused in silence upon the name of Love, which they had just heard for the first time.
Then, can one also have ex-stepsisters?
Then, crouching down, he rested the end of the barrel upon the ledge of the open window.
Then, do you agree?
Then, do you think I should say 'wow' to you?
Then, enter the token generated by the app.
Then, finally, she opened her mouth.
Then, fired with passion and revenge, I burn / to quit Troy's downfall and exact the fee / such crimes deserve.
Then, gathering speed, it raced through the tunnel, shaking the passengers from side to side.
Then, girt with guards, within the temple's gate / beneath the centre of the dome she sate.
Then, halfway through surgery, Turner would be awakened to play her violin so surgeons could avoid the sections of her brain that were active as she moved her hands to play.
Then, hastening after Chloe, whom he found in an angry mood, he presented the apple to her.
Then, having taken all his land back, he participated with his soldiers in the great battle of Zama (-202, Tunisia) against Hannibal.
Then, how about a baseball game?
Then, how?
Then, if so, why were the like of Kyouou let upon the throne?
Then, in his perturbed imaginings he began to write poetry, full of frantic allusions to the harangues of Demosthenes and Cicero.
Then, in the middle of the Tasman Sea, the 98-foot yacht's progress was temporarily halted when it ran into a giant sunfish.
Then, in the middle of the semester, you realize it's so hard to keep up.
Then, indeed, Hector knew that Minerva had deceived him, and that he stood there godforsaken, a doomed man.
Then, it will be Damiano’s turn.
Then, it's a man.
Then, let's go and eat, yeah?
Then, like wolves ravening in a black fog, whom mad malice of hunger hath driven blindly forth, and their cubs left behind await with throats unslaked; through the weapons of the enemy we march to certain death, and hold our way straight into the town. Night's sheltering shadow flutters dark around us.
Then, of course, this blood belongs to a second individual—presumably the murderer, if murder has been committed.
Then, of course, we’re both sports fans!
Then, on her way homeward in the evening, she thought of him admiringly; and that thought was the beginning of love.
Then, on some day not remembered, Necile sprang into being; radiant, lovely, straight and slim as the sapling she was created to guard.
Then, please give him this note. This is urgent.
Then, seating himself opposite to me, he looked at me long and fixedly with his strange, twinkling, reckless eyes—eyes of a cold light blue, the colour of a glacier lake.
Then, shall we go and eat?
Then, she began to cry but with no tears.
Then, she lost consciousness.
Then, she used her hands to apply pressure to the client's muscles.
Then, sheathed again in shining arms, prepare / once more to scour the city through and through, / resolved to brave all risks, all ventures to renew.
Then, so be it.
Then, taking my lamb out of his pocket, he examined his treasure.
Then, the Hornbacks met a stranger, a cattle rancher who invited them to stay on her property.
Then, the electrician found a solution.
Then, the train screeched to a halt.
Then, then I see that Hector's words were right, / and all the Danaan wiles are naked to the light.
Then, they dissmissed her opinion because she was the youngest.
Then, they spent that day with Jesus.
Then, thinking that I was still asleep, she slipped noiselessly from the room, and an instant later I heard a sharp creaking which could only come from the hinges of the front door.
Then, this child of fourteen years learned, as in a homework, that which we hide to maidens until their wedding night. She flipped through the drawings of the anatomy book, those superb drawings of a bloody reality. She paused upon each organ, understanding the most secret of them, those upon which is built the shame of men and women.
Then, those from a year ago won't be working any more!
Then, those from a year ago won’t be working any more!
Then, tired of toiling, from the ships they bear / the sea-spoiled corn, and Ceres' tools prepare, / and 'twixt the millstones grind the rescued grain / and roast the pounded morsels for their fare.
Then, twiddling some knobs on a mixing board, he smiles and says, “But I hope my music is nice.”
Then, upon seeing her beauty, I began debating with myself.
Then, we started crying.
Then, we will go clothes shopping after five o'clock, alright?
Then, weeping too, I seem in sorrowing strain / to hail the hero, with a voice of pain.
Then, what if it's not?
Then, what is beauty? In the end, who will be able to tell what is beautiful and what is not?
Then, when he asked who had broken the window, all the boys acted innocent.
Then, when he was of suitable age, he was the fondest of hunting and, more than that, the fondest of incurring danger in his pursuit of wild animals.
Then, when the work was finished, they would bathe, eat and drink, and go in search of ripe fruit, of which there was then great abundance.
Then, when they come there, everyone dances, jumping on the ground, with merry face.
Then, when you're making CG, how should you use light sources?
Then, when you’re making CG, how should you use light sources?
Then, while saying this, the memories of the men who had seduced her, her husband's colleague who had approached her as if it were a joke, the section chief with whom she had held hands, her relative who she had tried to kiss while she was drunk, shined as if projected upon a broken mirror.
Then, while saying this, the memories of the men who had seduced her, her husband’s colleague who had approached her as if it were a joke, the section chief with whom she had held hands, her relative who she had tried to kiss while she was drunk, shined as if projected upon a broken mirror.
Then, why have you not consulted him?
Then, with a final, terrible scream, the monster flung itself off the mountain to its death on the rocks below.
Then, with a quick movement he pulled up his sleeve and showed on his right forearm a great cicatrice, asking: “Do you remember how I received this?”
Then, with hope and determination threaded through every sentence, he spoke.
Then, with the neural network having "learned" to detect the pattern of a transiting exoplanet, the researchers directed their model to search for weaker signals in 670 star systems that already had multiple known planets.
Then, you believe in curse by gaze?
Then, you can refute it.
Thence forced away, brave Iphitus, and I, / and Pelias – Iphitus with age was slow, / and Pelias by Ulysses lamed.
Thenceforward I saw Oporto whole and not in disintegrated fragments as before; for I had learnt the secret of putting the pieces of the puzzle together and the heart of the city was bared to me, a stranger.
Theo Vos is the lead author of the study and professor of global health at the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation at the University of Washington.
Theo has gained weight.
Theo has gotten fatter.
Theobromine poisoning occurs more frequently in domestic animals than in humans.
Theocrats have taken over America.
Theocrats have taken over.
Theodore Roosevelt coined the term "bully pulpit" to refer to the U.S. presidency as a place from which to advocate one's views.
Theodore appeared at the front door with an armful of newspapers.
Theodore owns the rose.
Theodore was born in Reims in 1910.
Theology is the study of the origin of religions and divine faith as how they started, progressed and impacted on the societies.
Theology plays with truth like a cat with a mouse.
Theoretical physics was child's play to Einstein, but he couldn't figure out his income tax.
Theoretical physics was child’s play to Einstein, but he couldn’t figure out his income tax.
Theoretically it should work.
Theoretically, I'm doing math.
Theoretically, I'm for it, but this could never be implemented in the real world.
Theoretically, I’m doing math.
Theoretically, Tom could do that.
Theoretically, Tom could pull it off.
Theoretically, it should work.
Theoretically, it's possible.
Theoretically, something like that is possible.
Theoretically, we could do that.
Theories abound about how the universe began.
Theories also include abstract ideas.
Theories are the death of art.
Theories on the generation of lift have become a source of great controversy and a topic for heated arguments.
Theorists theorized that lifeforms far advanced of humanity may be hidden from view.
Theory and practice do not always go together.
Theory and practice do not necessarily go together.
Theory and practice don't necessarily go together.
Theory and practice should go hand in hand.
Theory is based on practice and, in turn, serves practice.
Theory is quite useless unless it works in practice.
Theory without practice will be no use.
Theosophy is a system of belief based on mystical insight into the nature of God and the soul.
Therapists aren't interchangeable.
Therapy and medication will help you overcome your depression.
Therapy could help Tom.
Therapy could help Vladimir.
Therapy didn't help.
Therapy didn't work.
Therapy is incredibly arduous.
Therapy isn't as great as I thought it was going to be.
Therapy may be able to help Yanni.
Therapy's the answer.
There Akai joins them and it becomes a free-for-all in front of the finish line.
There Cyrus had a palace and a large park full of wild animals, which he used to hunt on horseback whenever he wished to give himself and his horses exercise.
There I also saw the shrunken heads of two young Poles who had been hanged for having relations with German girls. The heads were the size of a fist, and the hair and the marks of the rope were still there.
There I am.
There I fixed it.
There I met a very fascinating lady.
There I've met a Russian priest who was travelling with his family.
There Tom goes.
There a cape pushes out into the sea.
There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.
There ain’t no such thing as a free lunch.
There also are worries that the prime minister's polices will push consumers to spend extravagantly and take on debt.
There also was another reason.
There also were all kinds of other coins used as money: French crowns, Spanish doubloons, European ducats.
There always seems like there is something to do.
There and back, in total, it looks like being a schedule of about one week.
There and then that day, Ziri quit his job.
There appear to be different customs.
There appeared at this time a lady at Court, who drew the eyes of the whole world; and one may imagine she was a perfect beauty, to gain admiration in a place where there were so many fine women.
There appears to be a difference of customs.
There appears to be a misunderstanding.
There appears to be a party in that house.
There appears to be growing contest between authoritarianism and liberalism right now.
There appears to be no end in sight for the Syrian conflict.
There appears to be no end in sight for the conflict.
There appears to be no end in sight to the war in Yemen.
There appears to be some noticeable artifacts of Chinese in modern Mandarin and modern Japanese, because "Tu shu guan" and "To sho kan" both mean "library" in those languages, respectively.
There appears to have been a mistake.
There appears to have been an accident.
There are 1,000 English words written down in this vocabulary book, and they all have to be memorized by July.
There are 1,440 minutes in a day.
There are 10 passenger exits in this annexe.
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who can understand binary and those who can't.
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary and 9 others who don't care.
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary, and those who don't.
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary, and those who don’t.
There are 10 weeks of preparation for the exam.
There are 1000 movies that one must watch before dying.
There are 1000 pupils in my school.
There are 12 paid public holidays in Italy.
There are 150 museums in Kazakhstan.
There are 16 characters named Tom in this novel.
There are 168 hours in a week.
There are 17.3 million syringes that have to be shipped or air freighted to the Democratic Republic of Congo; 41,000 health workers and volunteers have been mobilized with more than 500 vehicles to operate between more than 8,000 vaccination sites in Kinshasa and along the border.
There are 187,888 lakes in Finland.
There are 197 countries in the world.
There are 2,000 students in the school.
There are 20 stations along this route.
There are 200 milligrams of caffeine in this energy drink.
There are 214 Kangxi radicals.
There are 24 hours in a day, 60 minutes in an hour, and 60 seconds in a minute.
There are 26 letters in French: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, j, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, v, w, x, y, z.
There are 26 pupils in a class. The teacher has 8 litres of orange juice. She pours 225 millilitres of orange juice for every pupil. How much orange juice is left over?
There are 28 grams in an American ounce.
There are 3 cats.
There are 3,000 books here.
There are 3,600 seconds in an hour.
There are 3,855 Lebanese living in Italy as of 2020.
There are 30 classes in our school.
There are 30 members in the association.
There are 30 mg of Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide in every 10 mL of this syrup.
There are 30 milligrams of Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide in every 10 millilitres of this syrup.
There are 30 passengers in total on the bus.
There are 30 people in the bus.
There are 30 recordings at the Library of Congress that immortalize this outlaw as a folk hero.
There are 30 students in my class.
There are 30 students in our class.
There are 31 days in December.
There are 340 species of hummingbirds.
There are 342 bridges in Saint Petersburg.
There are 35 students in this class.
There are 350 representatives and 265 senators.
There are 388 languages on Tatoeba.
There are 40 pupils in this class.
There are 40 students in my class.
There are 41 teachers and about 800 pupils at this school.
There are 43 prefectures in Japan.
There are 45 pupils in the class.
There are 5 ICT rooms and a big sports field.
There are 5 balloons in a packet. There are 18 packets in a box. How many balloons are there altogether in a box?
There are 5 computers in the house, but 2 of them are useless.
There are 5 computers in the house, but 2 of them aren’t any use.
There are 5 cows in the village.
There are 5 exits on this plane.
There are 5 large rooms.
There are 5 members of my household.
There are 5 people in my family.
There are 5 provinces in Nepal.
There are 50 members in the club.
There are 50 or so units in the block on which he and six friends have bought Victorian row houses adorned with turrets and peaks, gables and columns.
There are 50 stars on the American flag.
There are 56 ethnic groups in China.
There are 6 trees, one every 7 meters around the lake. What is the circumference of the lake in meters?
There are 61 million Gen Zers in the U.S.
There are 64 districts in Bangladesh, each further subdivided into subdistricts.
There are 64 districts in Bangladesh.
There are 640 acres in a square mile.
There are 7 billion people living on Earth.
There are 7 billion personalities, preferences, and strengths, but only one world.
There are 7 main chakras.
There are 7,000 languages on Earth.
There are 7,097 known living languages.
There are 8 planets in our solar system: there's Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune.
There are 80 chairs in the hall.
There are 86,400 seconds in a day.
There are 88 official constellations.
There are 90 million native German speakers according to Wikipedia.
There are African students studying abroad.
There are Berber burial sites in the area.
There are Earth-like worlds bigger than Earth. They are called Super-Earths in exoplanet studies.
There are English sentences here that sound like they're from the 1950's.
There are Go boards of various sizes. For the beginner, it is advisable to start playing with the smallest.
There are Islamic Tibetan minorities.
There are Japanese full of body hair.
There are Koranic verses where Jews are assimilated to pigs and monkeys.
There are Muslims in Germany.
There are Muslims in my neighborhood.
There are Muslims like me who eat pork.
There are Polish specialists working in Africa.
There are Russians who believe Russia is not taken seriously by the rest of the world.
There are WiFi hotspots throughout the arena.
There are a blackboard, a lamp, a door, two windows, twelve chairs and a desk; there are many students as well.
There are a body of languages in the world.
There are a bunch of books in the table. Are they yours?
There are a bunch of books on the table. Are they yours?
There are a bunch of boys on the playground.
There are a bunch of drunk people in the next room.
There are a bunch of kids playing on the street just outside my window.
There are a bunch of kids playing tag on the playground.
There are a bunch of other sentences you could be translating right now.
There are a bunch of people who do not even understand what she's talking about!
There are a couple grammar points I'd like to go over in the last few minutes of our lesson.
There are a couple of boats under the bridge.
There are a couple of forms that you need to fill out.
There are a couple of options.
There are a couple of parks not too far from my house.
There are a couple of small wobbles in the typhoon's track.
There are a couple of tables over there where we can talk.
There are a couple of types of blood doping. One involves a transfusion of the athlete's own blood that had been removed earlier and stored. The second method uses blood from another person, but of the same type as the athlete's blood. Both methods raise the number of red blood cells that carry oxygen.
There are a couple of very tall trees in our backyard.
There are a few Algerians around here.
There are a few Christian festivals in the Netherlands, such as: Easter, Christmas, Whitsun and Ascension.
There are a few apples on the tree, aren't there?
There are a few apples on the tree, aren’t there?
There are a few boats on the lake.
There are a few books in the backpack.
There are a few books in the bag.
There are a few books on the shelf.
There are a few books, but they have some misprints.
There are a few boys playing tag in the park.
There are a few cans of beer in the cooler.
There are a few disadvantages to it.
There are a few drops of rain now.
There are a few eggs in the fridge. Why don't we make an omelette?
There are a few flowers in the vase.
There are a few forms to fill out.
There are a few good hotels in town.
There are a few hotels on Park Street.
There are a few houses around.
There are a few keys here that are jammed.
There are a few magazines on the coffee table.
There are a few mistakes in this composition.
There are a few mistakes in your essay.
There are a few mistakes in your report.
There are a few misunderstandings that need to be clarified.
There are a few more miles to go yet.
There are a few more questions I'd like to ask you.
There are a few nuclear bomb shelters in the city.
There are a few pages missing from the book.
There are a few parts of the brain that are sexually dimorphic, and in trans individuals prior to any hormones, those structures resemble their gender more than their assigned sex.
There are a few people, however, who have moved back to Paradise, now living in mobile homes on their empty lots and dreaming of a day when the town is vibrant again.
There are a few pieces of the old mahogany furniture left, showing to best advantage against the white panelling of the wall.
There are a few points where you are mistaken.
There are a few problems.
There are a few questions remaining.
There are a few shops next to my house.
There are a few things you should know.
There are a few yachts on the calm sea.
There are a good many reasons why you shouldn't do it.
There are a good many reasons why you shouldn't do that.
There are a good many reasons why you shouldn’t do it.
There are a great deal more organic products available in the shops these days.
There are a great many books in this library.
There are a great many forest fires in America.
There are a great many people in the park.
There are a great many people trying buy houses.
There are a great many species of pine trees.
There are a great many things in this world that I can't understand very well.
There are a great number of schools in this city.
There are a handful of naughty boys in my neighborhood.
There are a huge amount of carbon deposits in the country.
There are a hundred things I would rather be doing right now.
There are a large number of shops and businesses in the neighbourhood.
There are a large number of shops and businesses in the surrounding area.
There are a lot of Algerian Muslims here.
There are a lot of Algerians who are working abroad.
There are a lot of Canadians living in this neighborhood.
There are a lot of Chinese tourists around here.
There are a lot of English books in this library.
There are a lot of French books in the library.
There are a lot of Germans on this island.
There are a lot of Internet sites.
There are a lot of Japanese restaurants in Hawaii.
There are a lot of Muslims in Japan.
There are a lot of Muslims there.
There are a lot of Syrian refugees in Turkey.
There are a lot of abandoned houses in the neighborhood.
There are a lot of advantages.
There are a lot of animals in the park.
There are a lot of animals to see here.
There are a lot of animals we have to see here.
There are a lot of articulated buses on the road during rush hour to accommodate all the commuters.
There are a lot of bad people in the world.
There are a lot of beach bums in Hawaii.
There are a lot of beautiful buildings in this town.
There are a lot of beautiful girls in the world.
There are a lot of beautiful places in Japan.
There are a lot of beautiful places to see around here.
There are a lot of beautiful places to see in Australia.
There are a lot of beautiful roses in our garden.
There are a lot of beautiful songs on these records.
There are a lot of benefits.
There are a lot of big changes coming soon.
There are a lot of big cities in Brazil.
There are a lot of birds around here.
There are a lot of birds in the forest.
There are a lot of birds in the park.
There are a lot of birds in this area.
There are a lot of books here, enough for everyone.
There are a lot of books in his room.
There are a lot of books in our school's library.
There are a lot of books in the library.
There are a lot of books, aren't there?
There are a lot of borrowed words in my language.
There are a lot of boys in our class.
There are a lot of breweries in Bavaria.
There are a lot of bridges across this river.
There are a lot of bridges in this city.
There are a lot of browsers based on Google Chrome.
There are a lot of candles beside the graves in the cemetery.
There are a lot of castles in Castile.
There are a lot of centenarians living in Japan.
There are a lot of challenges now due to the increment of prices.
There are a lot of children in the park.
There are a lot of children playing tag on the playground.
There are a lot of children.
There are a lot of clothes in my closet that I never wear.
There are a lot of coconut trees around the crescent-shaped lake.
There are a lot of coins in the park fountain.
There are a lot of companies that will offer to buy part or all of an annuity in exchange for a lump sum payment.
There are a lot of dandelions in the lawn.
There are a lot of dangerous animals in this forest.
There are a lot of deer in Nara.
There are a lot of deer in Norway.
There are a lot of depressed Oriental women in my neighbourhood on Lulu Island.
There are a lot of dictionaries in the bookcase.
There are a lot of different people in Europe.
There are a lot of different peoples in the world.
There are a lot of different types of teachers.
There are a lot of dishes on the table.
There are a lot of dogs here, aren't there?
There are a lot of ducks in the park.
There are a lot of ducks swimming in the pond.
There are a lot of dustballs under the couch.
There are a lot of duties that I must fulfil.
There are a lot of earthquakes in Japan.
There are a lot of earthworms in the garden.
There are a lot of eggs in the basket.
There are a lot of eggs in the box.
There are a lot of empty glass jars on the shelf.
There are a lot of enemies.
There are a lot of evil spirits in the world.
There are a lot of examples like that.
There are a lot of expressions used by English people.
There are a lot of factories in Kawasaki.
There are a lot of famous old buildings in Boston.
There are a lot of famous old buildings in Kyoto.
There are a lot of ferns in the vast forest of the university.
There are a lot of fires in the winter.
There are a lot of fish in that lake.
There are a lot of fish in the lake.
There are a lot of fish in the pond.
There are a lot of fish in the sea.
There are a lot of fish in this lake.
There are a lot of fish in this pond.
There are a lot of fish in this river.
There are a lot of flowers in the garden.
There are a lot of flowers in the gardens of the village.
There are a lot of flowers in this garden.
There are a lot of forest fires in America.
There are a lot of forgotten erasers in the classroom.
There are a lot of forts in Castile.
There are a lot of frauds in the world.
There are a lot of friendly people here.
There are a lot of frogs in this pond.
There are a lot of gang members in this neighborhood.
There are a lot of gaps in my knowledge of math.
There are a lot of gaps in my math knowledge.
There are a lot of gifts under the Christmas tree.
There are a lot of giraffe herds in this area.
There are a lot of giraffes in this area.
There are a lot of girls in the room.
There are a lot of girls who are after him.
There are a lot of gloomy sentences today.
There are a lot of good restaurants in Australia.
There are a lot of good restaurants in Boston.
There are a lot of good restaurants in this area.
There are a lot of good restaurants near here.
There are a lot of good teachers at our school.
There are a lot of graveside candles in the cemetery.
There are a lot of great people here.
There are a lot of gullible people, so there is a chance Tom will be elected.
There are a lot of gullible people, so there is a chance that Tom will be elected.
There are a lot of hangers on the curtain rail.
There are a lot of hills in this region.
There are a lot of horses in my neighbourhood.
There are a lot of hot springs in Japan.
There are a lot of houses here.
There are a lot of idiots here tonight.
There are a lot of iguanas on the beach.
There are a lot of interesting books in German and French.
There are a lot of interesting news and stories in the newspaper.
There are a lot of interesting places to visit in Australia.
There are a lot of jackrabbits.
There are a lot of jellyfish on the beach.
There are a lot of kids in that family and most of them wear hand-me-downs.
There are a lot of kids on the playground.
There are a lot of kids.
There are a lot of languages I'm a casual learner of, but have never seriously devoted myself to learning.
There are a lot of languages like that.
There are a lot of languages similar to Castilian.
There are a lot of legends in Japan.
There are a lot of libraries in Paris.
There are a lot of lice in the stable.
There are a lot of long and straight roads in Hokkaido.
There are a lot of misprints in that book.
There are a lot of mistakes in this translation.
There are a lot of mosquitoes here.
There are a lot of mountain lions in this area.
There are a lot of movies on YouTube in many languages.
There are a lot of mussels lying on the beach.
There are a lot of myths about the special forces.
There are a lot of new buildings here now.
There are a lot of new streets in Paris.
There are a lot of objects lying around here.
There are a lot of old buildings there.
There are a lot of old cities in Italy. Rome and Venice, for example.
There are a lot of old people in this village.
There are a lot of opinions at this site.
There are a lot of options.
There are a lot of oranges on that tree.
There are a lot of pagodas here.
There are a lot of parks in Boston.
There are a lot of parks in London.
There are a lot of parks in Wrocław.
There are a lot of patients in the waiting room.
There are a lot of people I need to talk to today.
There are a lot of people and cars in this city. It is a busy city.
There are a lot of people and few tables here.
There are a lot of people from Algeria in France.
There are a lot of people from here in Algeria.
There are a lot of people here today.
There are a lot of people here.
There are a lot of people in Cairo.
There are a lot of people in the city.
There are a lot of people in the park.
There are a lot of people in the waiting room.
There are a lot of people on the beach.
There are a lot of people outside.
There are a lot of people so today we've gone for buffet style.
There are a lot of people so today we’ve gone for buffet style.
There are a lot of people that I need to talk to today.
There are a lot of people that like Anime in Latin America.
There are a lot of people that want to talk to Tom.
There are a lot of people waiting outside.
There are a lot of people walking there.
There are a lot of people who always insist on the right.
There are a lot of people who are sick lately. Have you noticed that?
There are a lot of people who believe that Tom really is a time traveler.
There are a lot of people who can't do that.
There are a lot of people who don't like doing that.
There are a lot of people who find themselves in such a situation for various reasons.
There are a lot of people who say, "it says this in Koujien," and use that dictionary as the only grounds for their argument.
There are a lot of people who try to buy a house.
There are a lot of people who want to talk to Tom.
There are a lot of people.
There are a lot of peoples in Asia.
There are a lot of persons who try to buy a house.
There are a lot of pictures in this book.
There are a lot of pictures on the Internet of Mary laughing alone with salad.
There are a lot of pitbulls at the shelter.
There are a lot of places to see around here.
There are a lot of places to see in Hokkaido.
There are a lot of places to visit in Boston.
There are a lot of police cruisers parked outside the doughnut shop.
There are a lot of poodles under the couch.
There are a lot of potential combinations.
There are a lot of pretty flowers in the garden.
There are a lot of problems that we can't avoid.
There are a lot of problems that we still need to deal with.
There are a lot of problems we can't avoid.
There are a lot of problems we can’t avoid.
There are a lot of problems we still need to solve.
There are a lot of questions I need to ask you.
There are a lot of questions that need answering.
There are a lot of rabbits around here.
There are a lot of rabbits in this area.
There are a lot of rats.
There are a lot of really good-looking people in Australia.
There are a lot of red flowers in the garden.
There are a lot of refrigerators at the garbage dump that we can scrap for bits and pieces.
There are a lot of restaurants and shops within walking distance.
There are a lot of results and a calculation mistakes.
There are a lot of rivers in France.
There are a lot of rivers in India.
There are a lot of rocks in this garden.
There are a lot of roses in our garden.
There are a lot of roses in this garden.
There are a lot of rumors circulating about Tom.
There are a lot of rumors going around about the two of them.
There are a lot of rumors.
There are a lot of rumours circulating about Tom.
There are a lot of scam artists, so you need to be careful.
There are a lot of sentences without any translation.
There are a lot of sheep in the pasture.
There are a lot of shelves in this library.
There are a lot of sick people.
There are a lot of sights in Kyoto.
There are a lot of sights in the surrounding area.
There are a lot of silly mistakes on the test. If you were to re-examine it I expect you could do significantly better.
There are a lot of skunks around here.
There are a lot of slums in Mexico.
There are a lot of small shops in this area.
There are a lot of snakes in this area.
There are a lot of snakes in this forest.
There are a lot of stairs in this apartment building.
There are a lot of stars larger than our own Sun.
There are a lot of stars larger than our own sun.
There are a lot of stars which are larger than our sun.
There are a lot of stores in this area, aren't there?
There are a lot of stories flying around about why Mary left her husband.
There are a lot of stray cats in this area.
There are a lot of students at the high school.
There are a lot of students in the gym.
There are a lot of students in the library.
There are a lot of tall buildings in Boston.
There are a lot of tall buildings in New York.
There are a lot of tall trees in the park.
There are a lot of tattoos on her body.
There are a lot of tattoos on his body.
There are a lot of taxis in the city.
There are a lot of taxis in town.
There are a lot of these.
There are a lot of things Algeria needs to work on.
There are a lot of things I have to do before tomorrow.
There are a lot of things I have to do this week.
There are a lot of things I have to do.
There are a lot of things I know against my will. I'd rather have stayed in my blissfully ignorant childhood.
There are a lot of things I need to buy.
There are a lot of things I need to do before I can go home.
There are a lot of things I need to do this week.
There are a lot of things I need to tell you.
There are a lot of things I want to ask you.
There are a lot of things I want to buy.
There are a lot of things I want to discuss with you.
There are a lot of things I want to do in life.
There are a lot of things I want to do today.
There are a lot of things I want to learn.
There are a lot of things I want to teach you.
There are a lot of things I wish didn't happen.
There are a lot of things I'm going to do.
There are a lot of things Tom and Mary like to do.
There are a lot of things Tom didn't tell you.
There are a lot of things Tom likes to do.
There are a lot of things Tom won't do.
There are a lot of things Tom won't eat.
There are a lot of things on the list.
There are a lot of things that Tom hasn't seen yet.
There are a lot of things that Tom would like to change.
There are a lot of things that can cause abandonment anxiety.
There are a lot of things that can't be done alone.
There are a lot of things that changed in Yanni's life.
There are a lot of things that could go wrong with that.
There are a lot of things that have changed around here.
There are a lot of things that have changed in my life.
There are a lot of things that have changed since you were last here.
There are a lot of things that need to be done that can't be done until tomorrow.
There are a lot of things that need to be done.
There are a lot of things that still need to be done.
There are a lot of things that we need to buy.
There are a lot of things that we need to do today.
There are a lot of things that we need to do.
There are a lot of things that we still need to buy.
There are a lot of things that we still want to do.
There are a lot of things that were unacceptable and can't continue to happen unless I make a stand and change it.
There are a lot of things to do in Boston.
There are a lot of things to see and visit here.
There are a lot of things to see in Boston.
There are a lot of things to see in Germany.
There are a lot of things to see in Kyoto.
There are a lot of things we have to get to this afternoon.
There are a lot of things we need to buy.
There are a lot of things we need to do today.
There are a lot of things we need to do.
There are a lot of things we still need to buy.
There are a lot of things yet to be done.
There are a lot of things you don't know about me.
There are a lot of things you don't know about my personality.
There are a lot of things you don't know.
There are a lot of things you don’t know about my personality.
There are a lot of tools in the box.
There are a lot of tourists in Mexico City.
There are a lot of toys here.
There are a lot of trees around the pond.
There are a lot of trees in the city.
There are a lot of trees in the forest.
There are a lot of trees in the park.
There are a lot of turtles on the beach.
There are a lot of unfounded claims being made about puberty blockers, but they are safe medicine that has been approved by the FDA since the 1990s.
There are a lot of unhappy people in the world.
There are a lot of us.
There are a lot of varieties of ivy.
There are a lot of vitamins in oranges.
There are a lot of ways of doing it.
There are a lot of ways to live without working.
There are a lot of ways to write a sentence and still give the general message.
There are a lot of ways to write a sentence and still keep the general message intact.
There are a lot of websites for learning languages.
There are a lot of weeds in your garden.
There are a lot of weeds.
There are a lot of weirdos at the gym at 4 in the morning. And proudly, I'm one of them.
There are a lot of white Muslims in this part of the US.
There are a lot of wild dogs around here.
There are a lot of wild dogs in this area.
There are a lot of wild ducks around here.
There are a lot of wolves around here.
There are a lot of wolves in this area.
There are a lot of women here.
There are a lot of woods and mountains in Kabylie, Algeria.
There are a lot things that need to be done this afternoon.
There are a lot to choose from.
There are a lot.
There are a million people I'd rather go out with than you.
There are a million people in Auckland.
There are a million ways to do this.
There are a million ways to go about doing this.
There are a myriad of meats at the deli on the corner of Fifth and Harvey Street.
There are a number of advantages to this.
There are a number of cafes in the park.
There are a number of cafés in the park.
There are a number of cinemas in this city.
There are a number of factors to consider.
There are a number of fishing boats tied up at the dock.
There are a number of laws necessary for the protection of animals.
There are a number of methodological problems here, not to mention the inaccuracy of some of the results.
There are a number of movie theaters in this city.
There are a number of nice restaurants near here.
There are a number of options for us to consider.
There are a number of places to see in this city.
There are a number of shops selling foreign books and periodicals.
There are a number of species of milkweeds.
There are a number of superficial reasons.
There are a number of things we can do to protect our environment.
There are a reported one million colon cancer survivors in the United States; the disease is the second-leading cause of cancer death.
There are a thousand meters in a kilometer.
There are a ton of anglicisms in Canadian French.
There are a ton of people who oppose any division of Palestine, but are asking Ukrainians to accept Russian land theft.
There are a ton of young educated people in Algeria.
There are a ton of young people in Algeria.
There are a total of 197 countries in the world.
There are a variety of articles in her purse.
There are a variety of reasons older people are opting for rentals.
There are abilities that improve rapidly and those that improve slowly, aren't there?
There are abilities that improve rapidly and those that improve slowly, aren’t there?
There are about 1 million millionaires in Germany.
There are about 1,000 students at our high school.
There are about 1,800 billionaires in the world, with a combined wealth of 7000 billion U.S. dollars.
There are about 1,800 billionaires in the world.
There are about 1.9 million millionaires in Japan.
There are about 1000 students at our high school.
There are about 1600 male billionaires and 200 female billionaires in the world.
There are about 2000 students at my high school.
There are about 3.4 million millionaires in the United States.
There are about 400 million dogs around the world comprising 300 different breeds.
There are about 460,000 millionaires in Tokyo.
There are about 500 cattle on the ranch.
There are about 500 head of cattle on that ranch.
There are about 6 billion people in the world.
There are about 80 different species of mangrove trees.
There are about 830 million obese people in the world.
There are about 864,000 children under the age of five that we will reach with this vaccine, and surrounding countries, particularly Uzbekistan and Kyrgyztan, are being asked to step up their surveillance for acute flaccid paralysis, which is a sign of polio, and to look into their immunization rates to make sure that children are adequately protected in those surrounding areas.
There are about 900,000 cases of prostate cancer annually, and each year the disease kills about a quarter-million people worldwide.
There are about a hundred unidentified bodies to be buried.
There are about a thousand students in all.
There are about eight billion people in the world.
There are about forty people here.
There are about forty pupils in her class.
There are about forty students in her class.
There are about forty such schools in Algiers.
There are about four million Tuaregs.
There are about seven billion people in the world.
There are about seventy hens in the henhouse, but only one rooster.
There are about ten of them.
There are about ten to twenty students in total.
There are about thirty goldfish in our pond.
There are about thirty people are waiting in the lobby.
There are about thirty people here.
There are about thirty people in this room.
There are about thirty students in Tom's class.
There are about twenty of them.
There are about twice as many coral species in Pacific Ocean reefs as in Atlantic Ocean reefs.
There are absolutely no details about that written in that book.
There are abundant food supplies.
There are accidents in the streets.
There are acknowledgements in every textbook.
There are added political risks to quantitative easing in the eurozone, said Brooks.
There are additional students to my Spanish class.
There are agreements between Algeria and France.
There are alder and ash growing in this park.
There are alder and ash trees growing in this park.
There are algae in the sea.
There are aliens all over the world.
There are aliens hiding among us.
There are aliens observing you.
There are all kind of things in her wallet.
There are all kinds of flowers in that garden.
There are all kinds of people in the world.
There are all sorts of flowers in the garden.
There are all sorts of new sticks out there for Cookie to play with.
There are all sorts of people here.
There are all sorts of things to learn.
There are almost forty pupils in his class.
There are almost no books that have no misprints.
There are almost no books.
There are almost no gunfights in Japan.
There are almost no hijackings in Algiers.
There are almost no planes flying in the sky.
There are almost no slums in Algiers.
There are almost no telephone boxes left in Spain.
There are almost seven billion people in the world.
There are already a lot of people queuing outside the cinema.
There are already a number of products and methods used to boost athletic performance that the International Olympic Committee considers to be illegal. For example, there’s a hormone that can boost red blood cell production, making more oxygen available. That increases endurance. Then there are anabolic steroids and human growth hormone, which promote muscle growth.
There are already machines that can do that for us.
There are already over 200 example sentences with the word "squirrel".
There are already vaccines against dengue, and Lim says one possibility to prevent Zika's serious complications would be to develop a dengue vaccine that also protects against Zika.
There are also French tourists.
There are also associated social problems.
There are also calls to build seawalls to protect the city, which already suffers from frequent flooding. Such a project would cost billions of dollars. And even if the walls are built, nature could still eventually reclaim everything people have built in some unprotected low-lying areas.
There are also countries in which freedom of speech is limited.
There are also exhibits by local artists.
There are also facilities for cricket, tennis, bowls, and golf.
There are also fish that fly.
There are also high-quality Bordeaux wines which everybody can treat themselves to.
There are also lots of counters over there.
There are also many ways to add decoration to ceramics. These methods can be as simple as scratching designs and images into the clay. Or, they can be more complex such as using liquid glazes to change the color or shininess of the clay surface.
There are also nightclubs where you dance flamenco.
There are also offices on the second floor.
There are also other choices.
There are also other opinions.
There are also other ways to do that.
There are also people who invest thousands of lira in cryptocurrencies.
There are also people who like spring better than autumn.
There are also privacy concerns.
There are also pupils who don't want to wear a school uniform.
There are also remotes for DVD players, stereos, radios, and household products like garage doors, light switches, and alarms.
There are also several reservoirs in the area.
There are also several smaller classes.
There are also sex scenes.
There are also some blankets under the bed.
There are also some children who don't like apples.
There are also some covers under the bed.
There are also some people who read magazines on trains.
There are also two statues of Hadrian there, and not far from the statues a perforated stone to which Jews come every year to anoint it, mourn with groans, rend their garments, and so depart.
There are also vendors who support Linux.
There are also water buffalo. But what really sets New Horizons apart from commercial livestock farms are three metal silos near the pastures.
There are alternatives.
There are always a lot of boats hanging out in the bay area.
There are always a lot of cars on this street.
There are always a lot of children in the park.
There are always a lot of kids in the park.
There are always a lot of people in the train stations.
There are always a lot of questions.
There are always a lot of sentences to translate here.
There are always a lot of sentences to translate.
There are always a lot of vehicles on this road.
There are always challenges.
There are always choices.
There are always debates.
There are always exceptions.
There are always lots of cars on this road.
There are always lots of children in the park.
There are always lots of kids in the park.
There are always many cars on this street.
There are always many people in the library.
There are always many responsibilities to manage.
There are always more fish in the sea.
There are always more people who want to fix someone else's mistakes than those who want to do something on their own.
There are always options.
There are always other offers.
There are always questions.
There are always risks.
There are always selfish people to ruin everything.
There are always so many tourists in Venice.
There are always so many unwanted gifts in the house after Christmas.
There are always solutions.
There are always some chores to be done about the house.
There are always some chores to be done around the house.
There are always some people who are unreasonable.
There are always tortilla chips left over when we finish the salsa.
There are always troubles coming up in life, one way or another.
There are always two ways of looking at things.
There are always ups and downs.
There are an infinite number of numbers.
There are an infinitude of ways you can braid your hair.
There are animals here.
There are ants everywhere.
There are apparently only three ways to do this.
There are apple trees by the windows of the manor.
There are apples in this box.
There are approximately 2 million words in the dictionary.
There are approximately a thousand native speakers of Esperanto!
There are areas infested with cockroaches.
There are around 10 million Kabylians in the world.
There are around 20,000 castles in Germany.
There are around 3,500 different mosquito species, but only about 40 are dangerous to humans.
There are around 6000 dung beetle species in the world.
There are around ninety thousand giraffes in the wild today.
There are around sixty species of hornbill.
There are around ten.
There are around thirty species of fish in this river.
There are around three thousand mosques in Istanbul.
There are as good fish in the sea as ever came out of it.
There are as good fish in the sea now as ever.
There are as many as two hundred cherry trees in this park.
There are as many different opinions as there are people.
There are as many men as there are stars.
There are as many museums as there are churches.
There are as many spiritualities as there are people.
There are as many vipers hiding in the grass as there is evil lying beneath a beautiful countenance.
There are aspects I appreciate and aspects I don’t.
There are at least 200 English-French cognates.
There are at least 500 students here.
There are at least five hundred of us.
There are at least thirty students in our class.
There are at least three Tomas at this school.
There are at least three Toms at this school.
There are at least three Woodpecker restaurants in Algiers.
There are at least three amusement parks in Algiers.
There are avocados and bananas.
There are bags of advantages.
There are bananas, apples, pears and oranges in the fruit basket.
There are bandits everywhere.
There are barely ten of them.
There are bean bags in our library.
There are bears around.
There are bears in the heart of the forest.
There are bears in these woods.
There are beautiful flowers growing in the garden.
There are beautiful flowers here and there in the garden.
There are beautiful flowers in the garden.
There are beautiful flowers in this garden.
There are beautiful flowers scattered throughout the garden.
There are beautiful lakes here and there.
There are bedsteads screwed to the floor. Men in blue hospital dressing-gowns, and wearing nightcaps in the old style, are sitting and lying on them. These are the lunatics.
There are better constructed languages than Esperanto.
There are better ways to do that.
There are big differences in broadband speed and quality from country to country.
There are big faces on it.
There are big fans.
There are big fines for talking on a hand-held mobile phone while driving.
There are big floods in our country.
There are big shops in the city center.
There are big stones on the ground.
There are bigger questions to ponder.
There are bilingual signs all over this country.
There are billions of galaxies scattered throughout the universe.
There are billions of other galaxies beyond the Milky Way.
There are billions of people all over the world who are not watching the World Cup right now.
There are billions of planets in the universe that are much older than Earth.
There are billions of stars in our galaxy.
There are billions of stars in the sky.
There are billions of stars in the universe.
There are birds flying in the sky.
There are birds singing in the cage, aren't there?
There are biscuits in the oven.
There are black clouds above us.
There are black marks on my white trousers.
There are black plastic tables in the restaurant.
There are black wooden tables in that restaurant.
There are blackbirds nesting in my garden.
There are blue neon lights on the pretty teahouse.
There are blue rocks in the large box.
There are bonsai in the dining room.
There are books about art on the table.
There are books and a notebook on the desk.
There are books and books on the subject.
There are books and notebooks on the desk.
There are books here.
There are books on my bookshelf that I haven't read.
There are books on the table.
There are both advantages and disadvantages to city living.
There are both apples and oranges in the kitchen.
There are both freshwater and saltwater mussels.
There are boundaries to what we can do in society.
There are boutiques here.
There are boxes everywhere.
There are breakfast cereals in the cupboard.
There are bright prospects of success.
There are broken plates inside the battery.
There are brown rocks in the red box.
There are brown stone chairs next to the tree next to the teahouse.
There are bumps on the road, so please pay attention.
There are buses in place of trains between Stoke-on-Trent and Crewe today because of maintenance work on the line.
There are businesses on both sides of the street.
There are but a few men who don't know that.
There are but a few men who don’t know that.
There are buttons on the coat.
There are calves in this giraffe herd.
There are cameras all over.
There are cameras everywhere now.
There are cameras inside the building.
There are cameras outside the building.
There are cancellations across the public transport network today because of planned strike action.
There are cancellations on several rail routes this morning.
There are carp in the pond.
There are carrots in the brown box.
There are cases on record where rapidly growing sarcomatous and angiomatous tumours, aneurysms, and the bruises that occur in haemophylics, have been mistaken for acute abscesses and incised, with disastrous results.
There are cases where honesty doesn't pay.
There are cases where honesty doesn’t pay.
There are cases where the rule does not hold good.
There are cases where the system doesn't go.
There are cases where the system doesn’t go.
There are cases where this rule doesn't hold good.
There are cases where this rule doesn’t hold good.
There are cats at the bookstore.
There are cats everywhere.
There are cats on Mars, too.
There are cats sleeping on my table.
There are certain beliefs about cows in India.
There are certain expressions which are now only used ironically.
There are certain things I have to consider.
There are certain things that you need to do if you want to succeed.
There are certain things that you should think over before you make any decision.
There are certain things we can't explain.
There are certain things you need to do if you want to succeed.
There are certain times of the year when we stop and think about all the things that make us happy or bring us joy. Some people even make a list of these things. In English, we have a saying for this: to count your blessings.
There are certainly inequalities in level of education even within a single generation, but there have been no visible inequities between machines and materials in recent years.
There are certainly lessons to be learned here from this story.
There are certainly many interesting things you can learn from him.
There are certainly some points worth considering.
There are chairs in the room.
There are chaises longues on the deck.
There are challenges ahead.
There are challenges.
There are cherry blossoms here too, but no one appreciates them.
There are cherry trees among the conifers.
There are cherry trees behind the hedge.
There are cherry trees in front of the hedge.
There are cherry trees near the castle fountain.
There are cherry trees near the manorial statue.
There are cherry trees next to the hedge.
There are cherry trees on both sides of the street.
There are cherry trees on each side of the street.
There are children here.
There are children in the park.
There are children playing ball.
There are children skipping in the street.
There are chores to do first thing in the morning.
There are churches in Algeria.
There are cinnamon trees around the castle fountain.
There are cinnamon trees on the castle plateau.
There are classes in foreign languages in our adult education project.
There are clean plates inside the closet and on the table.
There are clean sheets under the bed.
There are close to 20,000 castles in Germany.
There are clothes hangers in my wardrobe.
There are clots in the blood.
There are clouds above us.
There are clouds in the sky.
There are clouds on the horizon.
There are clouds.
There are clumps of daisies here and there.
There are coconut trees surrounding these brown cabins.
There are collapsible solar cookers.
There are colorful houses on the main street.
There are colossal mountains in the north.
There are comb-like strands in the lung cells, whose continuous beating drives mucus and infections out of your lungs.
There are comments associated with this question.
There are communication problems between us.
There are complicated circumstances behind the matter.
There are computers here.
There are concerts in the park.
There are conditions under which breaking a promise or telling a lie are acceptable.
There are conditions.
There are conifers next to my castle.
There are consequences.
There are considerable differences between vulgar Latin and classic Latin.
There are controversial works referring to the colonial period.
There are controversies and conflicting opinions.
There are cookies in the oven.
There are copper threads within the wire.
There are corrupt politicians.
There are countless Muslims who oppose violence.
There are countless Quranic schools in Kabylie, Algeria.
There are countless civilian casualties.
There are countless heavenly bodies in space.
There are countless kinds of fanaticism.
There are countless stars in space.
There are countless things in life that I have not given a try.
There are countries where slaves are still sold.
There are countries where the dealer is offended if the customer does not haggle over the price.
There are creatures hiding under the bed.
There are creatures out there that never want to be discovered.
There are creatures that live in the basement.
There are crimes that harm others and there are victimless crimes.
There are croissants in all bakeries.
There are crossword puzzles in almost every newspaper.
There are currently more open apprentice positions than applicants.
There are currently talks about Christine Lagarde coming to power in the next French presidential elections.
There are daffodils, marigolds and snowdrops in my little garden.
There are daisies around the steel building.
There are daisies next to the steel building.
There are dangers that threaten both men and women.
There are dark clouds gathering in the sky.
There are dark nights in Sochi.
There are dark nights in the city of Sochi.
There are dark times ahead.
There are days when I can hardly walk.
There are days when I don't want to get out of bed.
There are days when I feel like a crouton, and there are days when I feel like stale bread.
There are days when I feel unsatisfied with how I look.
There are days when I really hate this job.
There are days when I shower in the morning, but I usually prefer to shower in the afternoon or at night.
There are days when she can’t get out of bed.
There are days where I feel like my brain wants to abandon me.
There are dead bodies under the cherry trees!
There are deep cultural and fraternal ties between Russians and Ukrainians.
There are deep divisions behind the scenes.
There are deep holes on the walls.
There are deep mysteries that just boggles the human mind and that are just too deep for humans to fully understand.
There are deep wrinkles on his face.
There are definitely a lot of unknowns.
There are definitely cheaper chainsaws that Ziri can find on the market.
There are delays on the Northern line because of engineering work.
There are desks in the room.
There are dictators not only in dictatorships, but in so called democracies as well.
There are dictionaries and dictionaries.
There are differences in the cuisine of different regions of Bangladesh.
There are differences in usage.
There are differences.
There are different amounts of medicine in these two bottles.
There are different definitions of democracy.
There are different expectations by the public.
There are different painting techniques; I particularly prefer oil paintings from Velázquez to those from Goya.
There are different points of view in the narration.
There are different rhythms in languages.
There are different stages of colonization.
There are different subspecies of giraffes.
There are different theories, but to this day nobody knows why he did what he did.
There are different types of acne.
There are different types of niqab, some of which cover the entire face.
There are different varieties of pumpkins, but American growers mainly produce the Howden, the type of gourd used at Halloween to make jack-o'-lanterns.
There are different ways of measuring levels of proficiency in a language.
There are different ways to see reality.
There are dirty dishes in the sink.
There are disadvantages to being pretty.
There are discrepancies.
There are diseases that make chickens lay abnormal eggs.
There are ditches on both sides of the road.
There are divisions within the organization itself.
There are dogs around.
There are doubts as to whether or not Tom will be able to participate in the next Olympics.
There are downsides to being pretty.
There are dozens of letters waiting for you.
There are dozens of trees in the garden.
There are dragons here.
There are dragons there.
There are dreams that come true.
There are drinks much more therapeutic than wine.
There are dry river beds on Mars.
There are ducks on the pond.
There are dumb people like Dan everywhere.
There are earthworms in the clod.
There are easier ways to improve your English.
There are economic systems that don't glorify money.
There are eels in this river.
There are effective treatments for depression. But some, like lithium, carry significant and even dangerous side effects. So researchers are now looking at a number of unconventional approaches to treating depression.
There are eggs in the box.
There are eggs in the carton.
There are eight billion people in the world.
There are eight billion people living in the world.
There are eight billion people on Earth.
There are eight cats in the room.
There are eight famous mountains in the Celestial Empire: three in the barbarian regions and five in the Middle Kingdoms.
There are eight gluons. Six--modulo superposition--are sensible color-anticolor color swappers. The other two are fathomless mixtures that can only be described as the remaining linearly independent elements of the group of three-by-three complex unitary matrices with determinant one.
There are eight million Jehovah’s Witnesses on Earth but, according to their teachings, only 144,000 people will be saved at the end of the world.
There are eight notes in an octave.
There are eighteen of them.
There are electric eels in this small lake.
There are elevators over there.
There are eleven monarchies in today's Europe; the rest consists of republics.
There are eleven people in a football team.
There are eleven people in a soccer team.
There are eleven people on a soccer team.
There are eleven rooms in this house.
There are emergency exits on each floor.
There are employees who are usually neither good nor bad and only perform the duties that their supervisors assign to them. There are employees who are easily spurred to greater enthusiasm by means of carrots and sticks and who achieve better than expected results; there are also employees who take offence at this and behave with hostility towards the company.
There are endless possibilities.
There are enemies everywhere.
There are enormous risks.
There are enough accidents without asking for one.
There are enough idiots in this world.
There are enough seats for everyone.
There are enough seats to go round.
There are errors in this phone bill.
There are errors in this translation.
There are errors in your diagram.
There are estimated to be more planets than all words humans ever spoke or wrote in any language combined.
There are ethical questions about terraforming Mars and Venus. Is it all right to change the nature of these planets? What if there are beings, maybe spiritual or otherwise, already living there?
There are even more tourists in Florence.
There are exactly 17,999 other universes.
There are exactly two goblins who each hate every wizard.
There are exactly two prime numbers between 10 and 14.
There are exceptions to every rule.
There are exceptions, however.
There are exceptions.
There are experiments you can't conduct on your own self.
There are eyes that give light, and others that receive it.
There are factors to be considered.
There are false friends in every language.
There are far more children in foster care than there are potential adopters.
There are far more pupils in the classroom today than yesterday.
There are fashions for socks as well.
There are fears that some universities could collapse as fees from lucrative international student enrollments dry up.
There are fears that the plane disintegrated in mid-air and that the wreckage may never be found.
There are few alternatives.
There are few apples in the basket.
There are few books that have no misprints.
There are few books without misprints.
There are few bookstores in this area.
There are few but admire your resolution.
There are few customers today.
There are few dictionaries of this language.
There are few dogs in the city.
There are few high-ranking positions left open for you.
There are few houses around here.
There are few if any such kind men.
There are few job offers.
There are few jobs in this country.
There are few kind people.
There are few legal constraints on the sale of firearms in the U.S.
There are few like her.
There are few men but know that.
There are few men but know this in their hearts.
There are few men who don't know that.
There are few men who don’t know that.
There are few mistakes in your composition.
There are few mistakes in your report.
There are few mistakes, if any, in his composition.
There are few mistakes, if any.
There are few of us but admire his courage.
There are few painters like Picasso.
There are few parking opportunities here.
There are few parking spaces in the town centre, which is a serious problem.
There are few passengers on this train.
There are few people I confide in.
There are few people in whom I confide.
There are few people who are honest.
There are few people with no worries.
There are few places downtown for parking, which is a serious problem.
There are few places in the world that give you such freedoms.
There are few places to park around here.
There are few places where we can safely talk.
There are few punters today.
There are few routines in our office.
There are few sites in the Tatar language on the Internet.
There are few sounds in this world more beautiful than a baby's laugh.
There are few specialists in the world who can treat this disease.
There are few spectators.
There are few such people.
There are few things more dishonorable than misleading the young.
There are few things.
There are few trees here.
There are few trees.
There are few volunteers here at the headquarters.
There are few who are not embarrassed to have been in love once they don't love each other anymore.
There are few who are not embarrassed to have been in love once they don’t love each other anymore.
There are few who grasp it.
There are few who know how to express themselves.
There are few who understand them.
There are few who understand you.
There are few women who understand her.
There are few women who understand them.
There are few women who understand you.
There are few wooden buildings in Algeria.
There are few, if any, errors in your composition.
There are few, if any, errors.
There are few, if any, mistakes in his English.
There are few, if any, mistakes in his composition.
There are few, if any, mistakes.
There are few, if any, such men.
There are few, if any, such mistakes.
There are few, if any, supporters of the plan.
There are few, very few, that will own themselves in a mistake, though all the World sees them to be in downright nonsense.
There are fewer and fewer butterflies.
There are fewer and fewer insects.
There are fewer of us with each passing year.
There are fewer power outages in Algeria.
There are fewer trains at night.
There are fewer trains running at night.
There are fewer with each passing year.
There are fifteen people here, counting the guests.
There are fifteen seats on the bus.
There are fifteen to twenty thousand spectators.
There are fifty families in this village.
There are fifty members in this club.
There are fifty participants in the competition.
There are fifty stars in the American flag.
There are fifty stars on the American flag.
There are fifty stars.
There are fifty states in America.
There are fifty states in the United States.
There are fifty states in the union.
There are fish in the sea.
There are fish in the water.
There are fish that fly.
There are fish.
There are five German-Americans on the American team.
There are five Russians among the party.
There are five World Heritage Sites in Maharashtra: Ellora Caves, Ajanta Caves, Elephanta caves, Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus and the Western Ghats.
There are five apples in the box.
There are five apples in this box.
There are five computer rooms and a big sports field.
There are five continents.
There are five cows in the little village.
There are five days from Monday to Friday.
There are five dead and ten injured.
There are five fingers in a hand.
There are five fish in my aquarium.
There are five in our family.
There are five items on the tray, three of which are keys.
There are five members in the club.
There are five of us and eight of them.
There are five of us in my family.
There are five of us living in this house.
There are five of us.
There are five other guests at the hotel.
There are five patients in the waiting room.
There are five pencils here.
There are five people in our family.
There are five people in this photo.
There are five provinces in Turkmenistan.
There are five recognised species of kiwi, all of which are vulnerable or endangered to some degree.
There are five stages of grief. Stage one: denial.
There are five toes on each foot.
There are five tragedies in a man's life. Unfortunately, I don't know which ones they are.
There are five tragedies in a man’s life. Unfortunately, I don’t know which ones they are.
There are five unnamed files on the desktop. Which one do you want me to open?
There are five ways to emancipate themselves from the bond of worldly passions.
There are flamingos everywhere!
There are flowers at home.
There are flowers in the garden.
There are flowers in the houses.
There are flying birds in the sky.
There are flying fish.
There are focused and diffuse modes of thinking.
There are foldable solar cookers.
There are footprints of a cat on the table.
There are foreign-run businesses in Algeria.
There are forty apartments per building in Felix's apartment.
There are forty houses.
There are forty people in the group.
There are forty students in our class.
There are forty thousand cameras in Urumqi.
There are forty-one teachers and about eight hundred pupils at this school.
There are forty-one teachers and about eight hundred students in this school.
There are forty-seven students in our class.
There are four Chinese books in front of the telephone.
There are four bedrooms in my house.
There are four cardinal directions: north, south, east and west.
There are four cardinal points: East, south, west and north.
There are four cardinal points: north, south, east and west.
There are four days left till Christmas!
There are four flats on each floor.
There are four fountains with statues of Neptune, his wife Amphitrite, Diana and Adonis in the Market Square.
There are four giraffe herds in this area.
There are four kings, four queens, and four jacks in a deck of cards.
There are four letters here for you.
There are four lights!
There are four lovely children in this photo.
There are four luxurious restaurants on the seventh floor.
There are four main causes of alcohol-related death. Injury from car accidents or violence is one. Diseases like cirrhosis of the liver, cancer, heart and blood system diseases are the others.
There are four major parts to the atmospheric problem: observation, understanding, prediction, and control.
There are four members in my family.
There are four men and three women in our house.
There are four models in the museum's entrance hall illustrating the historical development of the city.
There are four oceans in the world.
There are four of us and how many of you are there?
There are four of us in all.
There are four of us in our family.
There are four of us living in this house.
There are four parts of the day: morning, afternoon, evening and night.
There are four people in my family.
There are four pictures on the wall.
There are four pieces of furniture in the room.
There are four rooms in my house.
There are four schools in this town.
There are four seasons in a year - spring, summer, fall, and winter.
There are four seasons in a year, and the one I like most is summer. How about you?
There are four seasons in a year.
There are four seasons in a year: spring, summer, autumn and winter.
There are four seasons in a year: spring, summer, fall and winter.
There are four seasons in one year.
There are four seasons in this country.
There are four seasons to Heaven: spring, autumn, winter and summer. Winds, rains, hoarfrost and dew - none of them is bereft of educational implications.
There are four seasons.
There are four sisters in our family.
There are four small chairs in the kitchen.
There are four switches on the wall next to the French windows.
There are four teamed up against you. You’ll surely be thrashed.
There are four traps at the edge of a blueberry field at Oregon State University's North Willamette research farm.
There are four trash cans in the school: one for paper, one for plastic, and two more for glass and metal.
There are four types of changes in French present verb conjugations: the change in length, with singular forms usually being shorter than the plural forms, the change in letters, with the "je," "tu," "il/elle," and "ils/elles" forms being slightly different from the "nous" and "vous" forms, spelling changes, where the conjugation changes due to the nature of French verbs, and any other irregular change that doesn't fit in the first three categories.
There are four types of malaria parasite that typically infect people. The most common and deadly is Plasmodium falciparum, which goes through a number of life-cycle stages during which the parasite evolves into a different form.
There are four types of sounds on the Japanese hand drum: Po, Pu, Ta, Chi. Po and Pu have very similar tones, but are subtly different.
There are four verb conjugations in Latin.
There are four ways to amend the Constitution.
There are free charging stations for electric cars.
There are frequent instances of malicious door-to-door selling, such as pushing water purifiers on people after carrying out water quality tests without permission.
There are frequently earthquakes in Japan.
There are fresh towels in the bathroom.
There are fresh towels on the shelf.
There are fresh tracks in the snow.
There are full body scanners at this airport.
There are gaps between the boards in the box. If you fit them in snugly, you'll get more use out of the box.
There are gaps between the boards in the box. If you fit them in snugly, you’ll get more use out of the box.
There are ghosts and I saw one.
There are ghosts everywhere.
There are ghosts here.
There are ghosts in this ancient castle.
There are ghosts in this house.
There are giant snakes in this forest.
There are giant snakes on this island.
There are giraffes in the zoo.
There are girls with penises, boys with vulvas and transphobes without teeth.
There are glaucous stone chairs next to the tree next to the teahouse.
There are goats on Tom's farm.
There are going to be a lot more people here soon.
There are going to be a lot of questions.
There are going to be consequences.
There are going to be tough times ahead.
There are golems in the fantasy book I'm writing.
There are good A-bombs and bad A-bombs.
There are good and bad Muslims.
There are good and bad moments in live.
There are good and bad people of all religions, and this is also true of secularists.
There are good grounds for believing what he says.
There are good grounds for the view that Paris was the scene of frequent riots even before the revolution of 1789.
There are good lessons to be found in every religious tradition.
There are good people and bad people.
There are good people in the world.
There are good reasons for not doing that.
There are good reasons to believe what he says.
There are gorgeous flowers in the garden.
There are grammar books that call these sorts of things, not modifiers, but adjuncts (A).
There are grammar mistakes in this composition.
There are grammatical principles involved.
There are grants available.
There are gray, gold, and silver boxes on the tenth floor of the factory.
There are great differences in pronunciation between different Chinese dialects.
There are great thinkers working on the Tatoeba Project.
There are green rocks in the azure box.
There are green rocks in the blue box.
There are green rocks in the sky-blue box.
There are green roses along the hedge.
There are green stone chairs next to the tree next to the teahouse.
There are green, brown and white boxes in the factory.
There are greenish stone chairs next to the tree next to the teahouse.
There are grey stone chairs next to the tree next to the teahouse.
There are grounds for optimism.
There are growing concerns about a vaccine shortage.
There are guard towers every 300 meters.
There are happy people and unhappy people.
There are hard works and tasks, but learning French isn't it.
There are hardly any books in this room.
There are heavy fines for parking in a disabled zone without a permit.
There are hecklers in the audience.
There are heroisms all round us waiting to be done.
There are heroisms all round us waiting to be done. It's for men to do them, and for women to reserve their love as a reward for such men.
There are high walls about the town.
There are highs and lows in life, said the elevator operator.
There are hills, a little museum, a public garden and a big church.
There are hills, a small museum, a public garden and a big church.
There are historical reasons why males who are native speakers of English are embarrassed to speak their mother tongue correctly.
There are historical relationships between Berbers and Phoenicians but this doesn't mean that Berbers are the descendants of Phoenicians.
There are hobbies more worthless than Esperanto.
There are holes in the ceiling.
There are holes in the floor.
There are holes in the heels of these socks.
There are holes in the roof.
There are holidays soon.
There are homegrown Christian sects in the Philippines, such as Iglesia ni Cristo and the Aglipayan Church.
There are hordes of tourists in the city centre.
There are horses in the field.
There are houses on treed islands in the Strait of Georgia in BC.
There are huge interests at stake.
There are huge interests in play.
There are huge numbers of berries there.
There are huge snakes on this island.
There are huge summer pastures in the Pyrenees.
There are huge waves.
There are hundred pieces in it.
There are hundreds of books in his studio.
There are hundreds of books in his study.
There are hundreds of cabs in Central Algiers.
There are hundreds of mosques in Kabylie.
There are hundreds of such books.
There are hundreds of thousands of women in jail at any given time in the United States.
There are hydrangeas planted in her garden.
There are icicles on the roof of the house.
There are implicit elements.
There are important questions that have to be answered.
There are in my garden a lot of vegetables: lettuce, onion, garlic, etc.
There are incidents where this vaccine has caused a red swelling at the location where it was injected.
There are incorrect uses.
There are increasing calls for lawmakers to reconsider copyright laws that protect the owners of 3D printing designs.
There are increasing tensions between Algeria and Morocco.
There are infinite possibilities.
There are innumerable stars in the galaxy.
There are innumerable stars in the universe.
There are insanely long lines.
There are insects everywhere.
There are instances on record where the Fairies have shown themselves to human beings, and have even conversed with them; but they are supposed to guard the lives of mankind unseen and unknown.
There are interdimensional beings present.
There are interesting examples in the Hopi language concerning onomatopoetic expressions.
There are internal contradictions within modern society.
There are internal divisions in the West.
There are intricacies that make Yanni special.
There are islands in that sea.
There are islands in the ocean.
There are islands in the sea.
There are islands on the sea.
There are isolated rain showers.
There are issues that we need to discuss.
There are jellyfish out there today, so watch out.
There are just five more things on my list.
There are just over ten thousand phrases in Elefen on Tatoeba.
There are just six people here.
There are just the two of us here.
There are just too few hours in the day.
There are just too many choices to pick from.
There are just too many people to thank.
There are just too many people.
There are just two of us.
There are keys on the table.
There are know-it-alls who never understand that one can be right and still be an idiot.
There are known errors and omissions.
There are known knowns; there are things we know we know. We also know there are known unknowns; that is to say we know there are some things we do not know. But there are also unknown unknowns â€“ the ones we don’t know we don’t know.
There are known knowns; there are things we know we know. We also know there are known unknowns; that is to say we know there are some things we do not know. But there are also unknown unknowns – the ones we don't know we don't know.
There are koalas in Australia.
There are koalas in Austria.
There are labours which no salary can remunerate, services which no fees can requite.
There are languages galore at Tatoeba.
There are large Berber-speaking diasporas in Europe and North America.
There are large and thriving populations of koalas in southern Australia.
There are large areas of English ivy on the farm.
There are large houses along the street.
There are large planets, like Jupiter and Mars. And there are also many very small celestial bodies, which are given a number instead of a name.
There are leaks in the roof.
There are leftovers from yesterday in the fridge.
There are leftovers from yesterday.
There are leopards in the area.
There are less and less arranged marriages in Algeria and marriage for love is trending.
There are less than 400 Siberian tigers left in the wild.
There are less trick-or-treaters this year.
There are lessons that come with time and age.
There are letters on the table.
There are life jackets under your seats.
There are lifts for passengers at the end of the platforms.
There are lights on in the house, but no one is home.
There are lights underwater.
There are limits imposed by the morals of the community in which we live.
There are limits to every measure taken in crisis situations.
There are limits to everything.
There are limits to human knowledge, but we don't know where they lie.
There are limits to my generosity.
There are limits to my knowledge.
There are limits to my patience.
There are limits, anyway.
There are limits, you see, to our friend's intelligence.
There are limits.
There are lines of people in front of the store. You can get free coffee there
There are lions in India.
There are lions in the cage.
There are lives at stake.
There are loads of people here. I didn't think it'd be so full.
There are loads of people there at weekends.
There are long delays southbound between junction 26 and junction 20.
There are long queues to get in and out of motorway service stations.
There are long turns.
There are lot of places I haven't been to.
There are lot of places that I haven't been to.
There are lots and lots of people who speak Spanish, but not as many who speak Esperanto.
There are lots of advantages.
There are lots of animals in the park.
There are lots of animals to see here.
There are lots of benefits from travelling abroad.
There are lots of benefits.
There are lots of blueberries there.
There are lots of clouds in the sky today.
There are lots of cranberries there.
There are lots of different genres of music out there — for example, EDM or J-pop.
There are lots of different types of dogs.
There are lots of dust balls under the bed.
There are lots of eggs in that box.
There are lots of empty seats in the room.
There are lots of fish in the sea.
There are lots of fonts to choose from.
There are lots of forests and fields.
There are lots of four-character compound words in Japanese, huh?
There are lots of garbage scavengers in Algiers.
There are lots of girls here.
There are lots of good restaurants near here.
There are lots of good restaurants nearby.
There are lots of hardships in our life.
There are lots of jellyfish in the ocean in September.
There are lots of jellyfish in the sea in September.
There are lots of laws about broadcasting and television.
There are lots of mosquitos.
There are lots of other things we could be doing.
There are lots of other things we could do.
There are lots of other things we should be doing.
There are lots of people outside.
There are lots of people there who can actually help you.
There are lots of people who could help you do that.
There are lots of people who do that.
There are lots of people who don't have any idea about that.
There are lots of people who like to be by themselves and never feel lonely.
There are lots of people who say that's a lie.
There are lots of people who wouldn't do that.
There are lots of perquisites working here, and one of those perks is the cold brew coffee on tap.
There are lots of places to visit in Boston.
There are lots of points of friction between Algeria and Morocco.
There are lots of presents underneath the Christmas tree.
There are lots of reasons why we should do that.
There are lots of restaurants and shops within walking distance.
There are lots of rice paddies in this area.
There are lots of risky places in London.
There are lots of rocks in this garden.
There are lots of signs warning that they prosecute shoplifters.
There are lots of snakes in this area.
There are lots of stones.
There are lots of theories about the origins of language, but, in fact, no one really knows.
There are lots of things I haven't told you yet.
There are lots of things I want to talk about.
There are lots of things for us to think about.
There are lots of things in that shop, for example, games, toys, and flowers.
There are lots of things that Tom does that I wouldn't do.
There are lots of things to do in Boston.
There are lots of things to do.
There are lots of things to see in Boston.
There are lots of things we could do to help those families.
There are lots of things we don't know about.
There are lots of things we've got to fix.
There are lots of tourists there.
There are lots of trees in the countryside.
There are lots of trout in this lake.
There are lots of ways to do that.
There are lots of ways to help.
There are lots of ways to unleash your creativity; writing in a journal is just one of them!
There are lots of ways to write a sentence and still give the general message.
There are lots of ways to write a sentence and still keep the general message intact.
There are lots of ways you can help.
There are lots of wines in Portugal.
There are lots of women here.
There are lumps of snow lying on the road.
There are mainly conifer forests in this area.
There are mallard ducks near the pond.
There are many ATMs in Algiers.
There are many Algerian immigrants in Canada.
There are many Algerians in Canada.
There are many Americans in Mexico.
There are many Americans who can speak Japanese.
There are many Berber dictionaries and I don't know which one to buy.
There are many Brazilians in Argentina.
There are many Chinese people in Silvestre's city.
There are many Chinese restaurants in Australia.
There are many Chinese restaurants in Chinatown.
There are many Egyptian obelisks in Rome.
There are many European immigrants in the United States.
There are many French people who live in London.
There are many Germans living in Brazil.
There are many Gujarati immigrants in this neighbourhood.
There are many Japanese restaurants in Boston.
There are many Japanese restaurants in New York.
There are many Kabyle Christians in Kabylia.
There are many Kabyle people who want their independence.
There are many Mexican restaurants in this part of town.
There are many NSFW rabbit holes on YouTube.
There are many Persian loanwords in the Turkish language.
There are many Roman buildings in Rome.
There are many Roman statues in the next room.
There are many Syrian refugees in Algeria.
There are many Thai people in the park over there.
There are many Turkish films on the Internet.
There are many Ukrainians in MNC's in Hungary speaking ill about Hungarian people.
There are many abandoned cats in the world.
There are many absurd things in this world, but peanut butter is not one of them.
There are many active volcanoes in Japan.
There are many advantages.
There are many airlines in this airport.
There are many alternatives to cow milk, such as goat milk, almond milk, coconut milk, soy milk, hemp milk and rice milk.
There are many amazing performances there!
There are many amusements in the city.
There are many ancient cities in Italy, Rome and Venice for example.
There are many ancient customs in Japan.
There are many ancient shrines in Tokyo.
There are many animals in the park.
There are many animals to see there.
There are many answers to this question, and people create many legends about the Devil’s stone: the human mind cannot calm down until it explains to itself the dark, the unknown, and the vague.
There are many apartment buildings in Algiers.
There are many apartment complexes in Algiers.
There are many apple trees in the garden.
There are many apples in the box. Some are red and others are yellow.
There are many articles in her purse.
There are many artists in Silvestre's city.
There are many aspects of the Berber language that I love.
There are many aspiring novelists who have never completed a single text.
There are many avenues in this leafy part of town.
There are many bad people in the world.
There are many bats flying behind the castle.
There are many beaches along Algeria's coast.
There are many bears in Alaska.
There are many beautiful castles in northern Germany.
There are many beautiful churches in Rome.
There are many beautiful gardens in Algiers.
There are many beautiful gardens inside the Alhambra.
There are many beautiful parks and gardens to explore in this city.
There are many beautiful parks in Boston.
There are many beautiful parks in London.
There are many beautiful parks in the city.
There are many beautiful things in Islam.
There are many beautiful things on earth that I don't need.
There are many beautiful things on earth that I don’t need.
There are many beaver dams in this lake.
There are many beds in the house.
There are many beds in the manor.
There are many believers.
There are many benefits to being beautiful.
There are many benefits.
There are many big cities in Brazil.
There are many big cities in this country.
There are many birds at that park.
There are many birds in this forest.
There are many birds in this park.
There are many black cats hiding under the bed.
There are many blonde people in Kabylie, Algeria.
There are many boats on that river.
There are many bones in your body.
There are many books I should read, but haven't.
There are many books about George Harrison, and it seems there is no mention of a Florence.
There are many books in my room.
There are many books in the library.
There are many books in this library.
There are many books on the shelf that I have yet to read.
There are many books on the shelf that I haven't read yet.
There are many books on the table.
There are many books on this subject.
There are many books, aren't there?
There are many books, aren’t there?
There are many bridges in this city.
There are many budget airlines in Europe.
There are many cafes in Silvestre's city.
There are many camping areas within the boundaries of the national park.
There are many careers open to women.
There are many castles in Castile.
There are many castles in Germany.
There are many changes before us.
There are many charming old buildings in the city center.
There are many children in the park.
There are many children whose mothers go out to work.
There are many churches in Rome.
There are many cities in this country.
There are many clouds in the sky because the storm is coming.
There are many cockroaches in the kitchen.
There are many collective nouns for a group of otters, including 'bevy', 'family', 'romp', and, when they are in water, 'raft'.
There are many colorful houses in this area.
There are many commercial firms in New York.
There are many common problematic research practices such as p-hacking.
There are many companies that make glass.
There are many complicating factors.
There are many confluences in this section of the river.
There are many countries and many cultures on Earth.
There are many countries in Europe that I'd like to visit.
There are many countries in Europe that I’d like to visit.
There are many countries in Europe.
There are many countries that are suffering unemployment. In other words, there are many young people that are not guaranteed a future and are late for the train called life.
There are many craters on the moon.
There are many creole languages in the Caribbean.
There are many cultures on Earth.
There are many cute girls in the world.
There are many dangers ahead.
There are many deficiencies.
There are many department stores and supermarkets in Shinjuku.
There are many different buildings in our town.
There are many different jobs Ziri can choose from.
There are many different kinds of beauty.
There are many different kinds of clocks, including wristwatches, wall clocks, digital watches, gold watches, cuckoo clocks, quartz watches, stopwatches, timer and tower clocks.
There are many different kinds of dietary supplements.
There are many different kinds of flower in the garden.
There are many different kinds of flowers in the garden.
There are many different people in Europe.
There are many different races in the world.
There are many different strategies we could try.
There are many different styles of Solitaire, but a game typically starts with cards in the stockpile and a certain pattern laid out on the tableau (French for "table", as in a set of rows and columns). The tableau is where most of the action happens, as you move cards around to free the aces, or sometimes full columns, so that they can move to the foundation, which is basically the goal.
There are many different types of German bread.
There are many different types of bread throughout the world.
There are many different types of cookies.
There are many different types of flowers in the garden.
There are many different types of kisses.
There are many different varieties of flower in the garden.
There are many different varieties of heath.
There are many different ways of doing this.
There are many difficult languages in Asia.
There are many dishonest people in the world.
There are many doubts to a child.
There are many dual-income households in Algeria.
There are many earthquakes in Japan.
There are many empty houses in this area.
There are many endangered species.
There are many ergative languages in the world and Basque is one of them.
There are many ergative languages in the world, and Basque is one of them.
There are many examples of beauty.
There are many examples of that.
There are many examples of the Fibonacci sequence in nature.
There are many exchange students in this school.
There are many expensive shops along the avenue.
There are many expensive shops along the street.
There are many explanations for the generation of lift found in encyclopedias, in basic physics textbooks, and on Web sites. Unfortunately, many of the explanations are misleading and incorrect.
There are many factories in this part of the city.
There are many factors behind the quarrel between them.
There are many factors to consider.
There are many factors.
There are many familiar words.
There are many famous historic buildings in Kyoto.
There are many famous old buildings in Boston.
There are many famous old buildings in Kyoto.
There are many famous old buildings in this part of town.
There are many famous paintings in Rome.
There are many fish in the lake.
There are many fish in the sea.
There are many fish in this lake.
There are many flowers along the river.
There are many flowers at the base of the mountain.
There are many flowers at the foot of the mountain.
There are many flowers in spring.
There are many flowers in the garden.
There are many foreign tourists in Asakusa.
There are many foreigners that come to Japan to learn Japanese.
There are many foreigners that go to Japan to learn Japanese.
There are many forts in Castile.
There are many fountains in Rome.
There are many free, open source alternatives for Windows-based software programs.
There are many frogs in this pond.
There are many fruit trees in this garden.
There are many fruit trees inside the garden.
There are many fruit vendors on the way.
There are many galaxies in the universe.
There are many gardens in Algiers.
There are many glaciers in Iceland.
There are many glass buildings in Algiers.
There are many good people in this world.
There are many good reasons not to do it.
There are many good reasons not to do that.
There are many good reasons why you two shouldn't get married.
There are many good restaurants in Boston.
There are many good restaurants in this area.
There are many good restaurants near here.
There are many good sentences here. Use them as examples, and create your own.
There are many good things in the world.
There are many grammatical rules.
There are many guesses about how language began, but the fact is that no one really knows.
There are many guests in this room.
There are many hidden messages in Leonardo da Vinci's paintings.
There are many hidden paths in this forest.
There are many hidden secrets in this city.
There are many historical buildings in the city centre.
There are many historical sites in Algiers.
There are many holidays in Brazil.
There are many hotels downtown.
There are many hotels in the centre of town.
There are many hotels in the city centre.
There are many hotels in the city's business district.
There are many hotels in this area.
There are many hotels in this town, The problem is they are all expensive.
There are many houses destroyed by the earthquake.
There are many houses here.
There are many houses in the city.
There are many housewives who complain about high prices.
There are many hungry people in the world.
There are many hurdles to overcome when translating literary texts.
There are many ideological similarities between parties at the extreme ends of the political spectrum.
There are many iguanas around the house.
There are many innocent men in jail.
There are many interesting animals in Australia.
There are many interesting apps to study languages.
There are many interesting people in the world.
There are many interesting sentences in the Tatoeba corpus waiting for someone to adopt them.
There are many interesting things all around the house.
There are many investment opportunities in Algeria.
There are many islands in Greece.
There are many issues in the world today.
There are many jellyfish at the beach.
There are many jobs available in the computer industry.
There are many katakana words in Japanese.
There are many kinds of animals in the zoo.
There are many kinds of animals inside this enclosure.
There are many kinds of burrowing animals, who make their homes underground.
There are many kinds of chordate.
There are many kinds of coffee.
There are many kinds of flour: wheat flour, spelt flour, rye flour, and many others.
There are many kinds of insurance such as: health insurance, fire insurance, life insurance, etc.
There are many kinds of thistles.
There are many lakes in the area where you live.
There are many languages in the world.
There are many latent gays among rampant homophobes.
There are many lawyers working with this outfit.
There are many leeches on my farm.
There are many left.
There are many legends about the origins of the game Go, all dating back to ancient China.
There are many like him.
There are many log cabins in these mountains.
There are many long words in the German language.
There are many loopholes in this system.
There are many low-cost airlines in Europe.
There are many masterpiece words in that language Lojban.
There are many medicinal plants in Kabylie.
There are many medieval castles in Europe.
There are many men in London, you know, who, some from shyness, some from misanthropy, have no wish for the company of their fellows.
There are many migrant farm-worker children at our school.
There are many minor mistakes and tiny misunderstandings here that distort the meaning of the original sentence.
There are many misconceptions about Islam.
There are many misleading news articles nowadays.
There are many misleading similarities between Ukrainian and Polish languages.
There are many modern buildings around here.
There are many monkeys in the mountain.
There are many monkeys on the mountain.
There are many more "women" than "men."
There are many more beautiful ladies in Shanghai than in Tokyo.
There are many more people than I expected.
There are many more questions.
There are many more students in the classroom today than yesterday.
There are many more talents than the media portrays.
There are many more vowels in French than in Japanese.
There are many more yuan millionaires in the world than euro millionaires.
There are many mosquitoes here.
There are many mountain biking trails in the area.
There are many movie theaters in this city.
There are many mysteries in life.
There are many mysteries in this world, and how you ended up getting a date is definitely one of them.
There are many nations in Europe.
There are many natural objects that we can put to use.
There are many new programs to watch this spring.
There are many night buses in London.
There are many novels which have pride of place in my library.
There are many nudist beaches in East Germany.
There are many numerical errors in the most recent statistics.
There are many obstacles to surmount when translating literary texts.
There are many of them in such markets.
There are many of them, and they're armed to the teeth.
There are many of them.
There are many of those who love people; those who know people are few.
There are many old Indian legends.
There are many old buildings in our neighborhood.
There are many old castles in Europe.
There are many old churches in our city.
There are many old cities in Italy, among them Rome and Venice.
There are many old men in this village.
There are many old people in this village.
There are many old temples in Kyoto.
There are many options.
There are many orange fishes in the river.
There are many orange groves in Florida.
There are many oranges on that tree.
There are many other examples.
There are many other means.
There are many other things that we could be doing.
There are many other things we could be doing.
There are many other things we could do.
There are many other things we should be doing.
There are many other ways.
There are many others like you.
There are many others.
There are many pagodas here.
There are many paintings on the wall.
There are many park fountains that have money in them.
There are many parks around here.
There are many parks in Boston.
There are many parks in London.
There are many parks in our town.
There are many parts of my youth that I'm not proud of.
There are many people I wronged.
There are many people and cars on that street.
There are many people around, but it is not known which of them you can talk to.
There are many people in Asia.
There are many people in the city.
There are many people in the house.
There are many people in the park.
There are many people in the pool that I don't know.
There are many people in the street.
There are many people in the world studying English, so English people are used to learners' non-standard accents, their grammatical errors and so on.
There are many people in the world studying English, so English people are used to learners’ non-standard accents, their grammatical errors and so on.
There are many people in the world who complain that they are too busy to read.
There are many people in town.
There are many people like this in the world. Normally, they're not brave. After getting drunk, they turn brave.
There are many people like this in the world. Normally, they’re not brave. After getting drunk, they turn brave.
There are many people living in this house.
There are many people living near us.
There are many people looking for Pokémon.
There are many people that don't like me.
There are many people to come this afternoon.
There are many people trying to buy houses.
There are many people who believe in the flat earth conspiracy theory.
There are many people who believe that God exists.
There are many people who can do the same as you.
There are many people who can give us a hand.
There are many people who can't do that.
There are many people who can't swim.
There are many people who do that.
There are many people who don't like hospitals.
There are many people who don't like me.
There are many people who don't speak French.
There are many people who like fado.
There are many people who think of Jesus as a great teacher.
There are many people who think that it’s impossible not to mix up languages.
There are many people who want to learn English.
There are many pictures in this book.
There are many pictures of him on Facebook visiting places in Turkey.
There are many pigeons in Venice.
There are many pigeons in the City Square.
There are many pigs on our collective farm.
There are many pine trees in Rome.
There are many places I want to visit.
There are many places I'd like to visit.
There are many places called Guayaquil in Latin America.
There are many places that I want to visit.
There are many places that I'd like to visit.
There are many places to see in Boston.
There are many places to see in Kyoto.
There are many places to visit in Australia.
There are many places to visit in Boston.
There are many places to visit in Kyoto.
There are many places you should see in Australia.
There are many places you should see in Boston.
There are many places you should see in Kyoto.
There are many plastic model manufacturers in Shizuoka.
There are many points on which we agree.
There are many politicians who don't keep their promises.
There are many politicians who don’t keep their promises.
There are many possibilities for improvement of that dictionary.
There are many possibilities.
There are many possible answers to that question.
There are many possible explanations.
There are many postcards in this store.
There are many precious sentences in the Tatoeba corpus, but they still have no translation.
There are many printing errors in that book.
There are many printing errors in this book.
There are many problems for them to deal with.
There are many problems in the country.
There are many problems to be solved.
There are many problems to solve.
There are many products imported from Poland to Turkey.
There are many projects going on at the same time.
There are many questionable points in this ledger.
There are many questions about Algeria's future.
There are many questions which demand answers.
There are many quotes that are misattributed to Winston Churchill, Mark Twain, or Albert Einstein, sometimes simultaneously.
There are many races in the United States.
There are many rainy days in June.
There are many rare fish at the aquarium.
There are many rats on the ship.
There are many reasons I didn't do that.
There are many reasons behind this behavior.
There are many reasons that I didn't do that.
There are many reasons that people get married.
There are many reasons this could happen.
There are many reasons we didn't do that.
There are many reasons why it is sometimes advisable not to make one's investments directly.
There are many reasons why supporting space research is important.
There are many reasons.
There are many red flowers in the garden.
There are many regrets in a person's life. It's not possible to do everything well.
There are many reindeer in Sweden.
There are many religions in America, including Mormonism.
There are many religions, but the truth is singular.
There are many religions, but there is only one spirituality.
There are many rest stops along the freeway for the convenience of travelers.
There are many restaurants and shops within walking distance.
There are many restaurants around here.
There are many restaurants on Park Street.
There are many rides in this amusement park.
There are many rivers in India.
There are many rivers in the city of Silvestre.
There are many rivers on that island.
There are many rooms.
There are many scenic places in Xinjiang.
There are many school events in April.
There are many sects in Hinduism.
There are many senior citizens in this area.
There are many sentences about DNA, but none about RNA.
There are many sentences that have no translation.
There are many serious problems in this country. Illegal immigration is not one of them.
There are many shades of gray.
There are many shantytowns in Mexico.
There are many ships in the harbor.
There are many ships in the harbour.
There are many shops downtown.
There are many shops in this part of the city.
There are many shops nearby.
There are many shows in Algiers.
There are many shrines in Kyoto.
There are many sights in the surrounding area.
There are many sights to see in Boston.
There are many sights to see in Kyoto.
There are many silent letters in English.
There are many similarities between the vowel systems of Ashkenazi and Yemenite Hebrew.
There are many similarities, but also differences.
There are many similarities.
There are many simple games which can be played with just paper and pencil, such as hangman and tic-tac-toe (sometimes called naughts and crosses).
There are many singers in this singing festival.
There are many situations in which this suffix might be used.
There are many slums in Mexico.
There are many small restaurants and cafés in this area.
There are many small shops in this area.
There are many smart designs among the compact models, aren't there?
There are many smart designs among the compact models, aren’t there?
There are many snakes in this forest.
There are many social insects.
There are many souvenir shops in the old city.
There are many squirrels in this park.
There are many stars in the sky.
There are many stars in the universe that are larger than the sun.
There are many stars larger than our sun.
There are many stars that are bigger than our sun.
There are many starseed communities online.
There are many stereotypes about Finnish people, but stereotypes are often exaggerations or generalizations.
There are many stone pines in Rome.
There are many stores in this area.
There are many stores on either side of the street.
There are many strange ingredients in that soup.
There are many street artists in Algiers.
There are many streets in Silvestre's city.
There are many streets.
There are many students in the library.
There are many students in the room.
There are many such birds in the park.
There are many such cases.
There are many superstitions connected with the coming of Christmas itself. The bees are said to sing, the cattle to kneel, in honor of the manger, and the sheep to go in procession in commemoration of the visit of the angel to the shepherds.
There are many suspects.
There are many talented people in our city, but Tom isn't one of them.
There are many talented people in our city, but Tom isn’t one of them.
There are many tall buildings downtown.
There are many tall buildings in that town.
There are many tall buildings.
There are many tall trees and different kinds of grass in the jungle.
There are many tasks to do at home on Sunday.
There are many taxis in Algiers.
There are many taxis in town.
There are many teachers in the city of Sylvester.
There are many theories about the origin of life.
There are many theories about the sudden extinction of the dinosaurs, but the real cause still remains anyone's guess.
There are many theories about the sudden extinction of the dinosaurs, but the real cause still remains anyone’s guess.
There are many theories as to the origin of the Berbers.
There are many theories as to what caused the fall and fragmentation of the Roman Empire.
There are many things I have never heard people say that would be OK.
There are many things I want to ask you.
There are many things Tom and Mary don't like.
There are many things Tom doesn't like.
There are many things Ziri can do to improve his Berber fluency.
There are many things in life more important than work.
There are many things in life that are more important than work.
There are many things in the night sky.
There are many things that I don't understand very well.
There are many things that I want to ask you.
There are many things that a man should never do after he gets married.
There are many things that are creating uncertainties about Algeria's economic future.
There are many things that can affect a person's ability to drive.
There are many things that harm young saplings, such as insects, car exhaust, and typhoons.
There are many things that time does not heal.
There are many things that we can't evaluate in terms of money.
There are many things that we need to consider.
There are many things that you don't know.
There are many things to see and visit here.
There are many things to see here in Boston.
There are many things to see in the surrounding area.
There are many things we can't evaluate in terms of money.
There are many things we can't measure in money.
There are many things we do not know, but we think we know everything.
There are many things we need to consider.
There are many things we need to discuss.
There are many things which we cannot evaluate in terms of money.
There are many things worse than death.
There are many things you could do with that sort of money in Algeria.
There are many things you don't know.
There are many threats to this operation.
There are many tourists in Rome.
There are many tourists in Silvestre's city.
There are many tourists in Venice.
There are many tourists in the city on holidays.
There are many tourists in town.
There are many towns and villages in England with names ending in -wick, such as Warwick, Gatwick, Keswick, Berwick, and Longwick, among many others.
There are many trees along the river.
There are many trees growing in front of the library.
There are many trees in the forest.
There are many trees in this forest.
There are many truths, but only one reality.
There are many types of bacteria that live in water.
There are many types of chordate.
There are many types of giant tortoises on the Galapagos Islands.
There are many types of light switches in Yanni's house.
There are many types of protein powders and protein shakes on the market.
There are many unresolved problems.
There are many urgent matters to attend to.
There are many urgent questions.
There are many urgent things to do.
There are many useful appliances in the hardware store.
There are many useless weeds in the garden.
There are many uses for that chemical.
There are many uses of the 'present tense' of Japanese grammar which indicate things yet to happen.
There are many uses of the ’present tense’ of Japanese grammar which indicate things yet to happen.
There are many variables to consider.
There are many variations between species of maple leaves.
There are many varieties of heather.
There are many varieties of potato dumplings in Bavaria.
There are many vehicles out on the town's streets.
There are many victims of armed conflict.
There are many videos on YouTube of people doing stupid things.
There are many vintage cars in Cuba.
There are many walkers out and about at weekends.
There are many water meadows and small lakes around the village.
There are many ways of doing makeshift repairs.
There are many ways that people can die.
There are many ways that you can help us.
There are many ways to achieve the goal.
There are many ways to approach this problem.
There are many ways to be happy. The one I like most is being with you.
There are many ways to die.
There are many ways to do these things.
There are many ways to do this.
There are many ways to donate.
There are many ways to express gratitude. But right now, there are a lot of ungrateful people.
There are many ways to get to Rome.
There are many ways to improve one's life.
There are many ways to improve one’s life.
There are many ways to look at the world.
There are many ways to react to compliments.
There are many ways to remedy the situation.
There are many ways to see things.
There are many ways to start a game of chess. One of the most used is to move white the pawn from e2 to e4: 1. e4.
There are many ways to the peak of a mountain, but the view remains the same.
There are many ways to translate texts.
There are many ways to write a sentence and still give the general message.
There are many ways to write a sentence and still keep the general message intact.
There are many ways we could do this.
There are many webs within the World Wide Web. Rings are obvious. Less apparent are webs of server farms, which are in effect distributed Web sites.
There are many websites providing premium VR porn already.
There are many websites that aren't very good.
There are many websites to learn Chinese.
There are many who admire her.
There are many who admire him.
There are many who cannot understand the laws.
There are many who will end up in the trash can of history.
There are many who won't agree with every decision or policy I make as president.
There are many who won’t agree with every decision or policy I make as president.
There are many wild animals around here.
There are many wild animals in this area.
There are many wild animals in this forest.
There are many wildflowers here.
There are many windmills in Holland.
There are many women here.
There are many words that I don't understand.
There are many words that I don’t understand.
There are many words with meanings I don't know.
There are many words with meanings I don’t know.
There are many worktables covered with tools, color glazes and clay forms. In one area of the room there are three kilns as well as a potter’s wheel.
There are many yachts in the harbor.
There are many yachts in the harbour.
There are many zoonoses, that is, diseases transmitted from animals to human beings.
There are many, many nuances in any language which are perfectly natural to the native speaker but which confuse the non-native speaker.
There are many, many planets in the Milky Way which are just as big as Jupiter.
There are many.
There are maple trees in this forest.
There are maps on alternate pages of the book.
There are marked and rapidly, steadily increasing health benefits to giving up.
There are matters we must discuss.
There are measures you can take to mitigate clumping.
There are meat patties in the refrigerator.
There are men who are beaten by their wives.
There are men who enjoy being punished.
There are men who gain from their wealth only the fear of losing it.
There are men who manage to hide even their own hypocrisy.
There are men working here, except John. That guy does nothing.
There are merits and demerits to both your opinions so I'm not going to decide right away which to support.
There are merits and demerits to both your opinions so I’m not going to decide right away which to support.
There are mice breeding here.
There are mice in that shop.
There are milliards of stars in the universe.
There are millions and millions of galaxies in the universe.
There are millions of Algerians that want to leave the country.
There are millions of Muslims in France.
There are millions of doses of unused vaccine.
There are millions of men, sorely tried, who ask themselves a nagging question about the meaning of their suffering.
There are millions of mosques in the world.
There are millions of oppressed women in Saudi Arabia.
There are millions of people all over the world who are watching the World Cup right now.
There are millions of people starving.
There are millions of stars in the universe.
There are minor differences.
There are mirrors in the changing room.
There are mirrors in the dressing room.
There are misprints on some of the book's pages.
There are moments in life when all seems lost.
There are moments when I dislike what I see in the mirror.
There are moments when I wish I looked different.
There are monsters everywhere.
There are more Abrahamic religions than you think.
There are more Buddhists in Germany today than people who know how to make a good chocolate cake.
There are more Klingon sentences at Tatoeba than Lojban sentences.
There are more Moslems than Christians in this town.
There are more Palestinians in Jordan than Jordanians.
There are more Tuaregs in Niger than Mali.
There are more alien spaceships on the planet.
There are more and more alley cats.
There are more and more lost cats these days.
There are more and more people that are fighting against pollution.
There are more and more sentences.
There are more cars on the road in the summer than in the winter.
There are more children's stories about the fear of being left home alone.
There are more children’s stories about the fear of being left home alone.
There are more clouds today than there were yesterday.
There are more clouds today than yesterday.
There are more complex elements in longer conversations.
There are more creators than creations.
There are more dangerous things in life.
There are more flying animals without feathers than with them.
There are more fools than wise men, and even in a wise man there is more folly than wisdom.
There are more gentle ways to speak the truth than the way you told it to those people, be more cautious in your choice of words next time and speak less frankly next time.
There are more girls at our school than boys.
There are more girls than boys at our school.
There are more girls than boys in our school.
There are more girls than boys in the school.
There are more girls than boys in this class.
There are more girls than boys in this school.
There are more high-earning renters — 250,000 — in New York City than anywhere else in the country.
There are more houses behind those houses.
There are more ignorant people than wise people, and even in the wise people there is more ignorance then wisdom.
There are more important things in life.
There are more important things in my life than school.
There are more important things now.
There are more important things than how you feel about yourself.
There are more important things we should be doing right now.
There are more inhabitants in Berlin than in Paris.
There are more intersex people in the world than there are Jewish people.
There are more intimate elements.
There are more male members than female ones on this website.
There are more men threatened than stricken.
There are more messages on Loglan mailing list than on Lojban mailing list every day.
There are more of them than there are of us.
There are more of them than us.
There are more of these, aren't there?
There are more of those in the drawer.
There are more outside than inside.
There are more pagans in Northern Germany than in Southern Germany.
There are more people here than usual today.
There are more people here today than usual.
There are more people living in towns and cities.
There are more people than usual today.
There are more people than we expected.
There are more people there.
There are more postmodern buildings popping up in cities on Earth.
There are more practical choices.
There are more seats.
There are more seniors living in Canada than children.
There are more similarities than differences between us.
There are more stars in the sky than I can count.
There are more stars in the sky than grains of sand on the earth.
There are more sweets in this shop than in that one.
There are more than 150 nations in the world.
There are more than 2,500 kinds of snakes in the world.
There are more than 2,800 emojis to choose from.
There are more than 3,000 pupils at Tom's school.
There are more than 4,000 languages in the world.
There are more than 4000 languages in the world.
There are more than 50,000 books in this library.
There are more than 60 tax havens around the world.
There are more than 70 million Minecraft videos on YouTube.
There are more than 8 billion people on earth but no one is bigger than Tom.
There are more than a billion Muslims.
There are more than a hundred people in the room.
There are more than a million English sentences on Tatoeba.
There are more than a million and a half Kabyles in France.
There are more than a million feral camels in Australia.
There are more than a thousand glacial lakes on the Tibetan Plateau, with more than 130 larger than 0.1 square kilometer in Nepal alone.
There are more than eleven time zones in Russia.
There are more than enough peopleless houses for all the houseless people in the world.
There are more than enough rocks here.
There are more than fifty countries that recognize the Sahrawi government.
There are more than fifty desks in this room.
There are more than five thousand euros in my bank account.
There are more than forty species of hornbill.
There are more than forty thousand churches in France.
There are more than forty thousand places of worship in France.
There are more than half a million Jewish settlers in the West Bank.
There are more than just two.
There are more than seven thousand languages in the world.
There are more than six billion people in the world.
There are more than ten thousand people here.
There are more than three thousand people here.
There are more than twenty thousand known species of edible plants in the world.
There are more than twenty ties, and I don't know which one to pick.
There are more than two million Kabyle immigrants in France, but the French state chose to teach Arabic at school because it, like many countries, supports petro-dollars. Though this deadly policy will soon be over.
There are more things in Heaven and Earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
There are more things than what reason can understand.
There are more things to think about.
There are more waiters than waitresses in this restaurant.
There are more women than men in the world.
There are more women than men studying Japanese.
There are more.
There are morning people, who work better in the morning, and there are evening people. Which group do you belong to?
There are mosques all over Kabylie.
There are mosquitoes even in Greece.
There are mothers and fathers who will lie awake after the children fall asleep and wonder how they'll make the mortgage or pay their doctors' bills or save enough for their child's college education.
There are mothers and fathers who will lie awake after the children fall asleep and wonder how they'll make the mortgage, or pay their doctor's bills, or save enough for their child's college education.
There are mothers and fathers who will lie awake after the children fall asleep and wonder how they’ll make the mortgage or pay their doctors’ bills or save enough for their child’s college education.
There are mothers and fathers who will lie awake after the children fall asleep and wonder how they’ll make the mortgage, or pay their doctor’s bills, or save enough for their child’s college education.
There are movements to try to ban TV advertising.
There are much larger houses further down this street.
There are much more passive members than active ones.
There are multiple correct answers.
There are multiple people named Yeshu in the Talmud.
There are multiple reasons that can make a dog bark.
There are multiple skirmishes between Polisario troops and Moroccan occupation troops in Western Sahara.
There are multiple solutions.
There are multiple species of seagulls which vary in size.
There are mushrooms along the roads.
There are mushrooms along the sidewalks.
There are mushrooms along the street.
There are mushrooms along the streets.
There are mushrooms, but I don't want any.
There are my sister's magazines.
There are my sister’s magazines.
There are myriads of stars in the Milky Way.
There are mysteries in the world that are beyond human comprehension.
There are mysteries in the world that are beyond normal comprehension.
There are narwhals swimming in the ocean.
There are natural treatments for the condition.
There are never any war criminals on the winning side.
There are never leftover resources.
There are never that many people on the sidewalks as there were at exactly that occasion.
There are new children in the class.
There are new investments coming up.
There are nice beaches in Kabylie, Algeria.
There are nicer things than standing here in the rain.
There are nine different subspecies of giraffes.
There are nine girls and three boys in the library.
There are nine million bicycles in Beijing.
There are nine people in my family.
There are nine planets travelling around the sun, the earth being one of them.
There are nineteen students in this economics class.
There are no Canadians here.
There are no Christians in the Hebrew Bible.
There are no English sentences on Tatoeba that contain the word "Lego".
There are no Esperanto courses in my city.
There are no Esperanto courses in my town.
There are no ISO 639 codes for many Chinese speech variants for political reasons.
There are no Toms in our class.
There are no Walmarts in Germany.
There are no accidents.
There are no active volcanoes in Algeria.
There are no ads on Tatoeba.
There are no ads on this channel.
There are no alligators in the area.
There are no alternatives.
There are no answers to these questions.
There are no arguments against numbers.
There are no articles in Finnish.
There are no articles in Russian.
There are no assurances.
There are no atheists in foxholes.
There are no bad cats, only bad owners.
There are no bad dogs, just bad owners.
There are no bad dogs, only bad owners.
There are no badgers in these woods.
There are no badgers in this forest.
There are no beaches in this area.
There are no bears in Kabylie.
There are no bears living in our forests.
There are no beds available at the hospital.
There are no benches available.
There are no big buildings here.
There are no biking trails in Algiers.
There are no birds in this forest.
There are no birds singing.
There are no blue cats.
There are no booby traps here.
There are no books in Russian here, we should go to another store in the center of the city.
There are no books under the desk.
There are no breakthroughs.
There are no broken bones.
There are no buses and there isn't a sports centre.
There are no buses and there isn’t a sports centre.
There are no careerist parents.
There are no carpets on the sky of Szőny.
There are no cars on the street.
There are no casinos in Algeria.
There are no cats here.
There are no cattle ranches in Death Valley.
There are no caves within several miles of our camp.
There are no chairs in this room.
There are no chairs to sit on.
There are no checkpoints at the border crossing.
There are no children here.
There are no classes in August.
There are no classes today.
There are no clean plates.
There are no clear signs that warmer conditions will subdue or stop the virus.
There are no clocks in my room.
There are no clouds in the sky.
There are no clouds, so it's not going to rain just yet. But tomorrow it will rain, that's for sure.
There are no coconut beaches in Algeria.
There are no coincidences.
There are no comments for now.
There are no comments right now.
There are no comments up to now.
There are no comments yet.
There are no comments.
There are no common properties shared by all games.
There are no contemporary sources backing up the existence of Jesus that do not also mention God and miracles.
There are no contradictions in the Quran.
There are no cookies in the pantry. Look in the utility room.
There are no cops around.
There are no cops driving up and down here.
There are no correct fingerings for scales, because everyone's hands are different.
There are no countries of the world that have purple on their flag.
There are no counts in U.S. and Canadian counties.
There are no crack-troops left for the ruSSians, they’ve all been attrited already.
There are no creeds in mathematics.
There are no customers.
There are no cyclones in Algeria.
There are no declinations in Portuguese.
There are no demons in this world.
There are no devils in this world.
There are no dictionaries of this language.
There are no difficult things in the world, but only weak-hearted people.
There are no dinosaurs or mammoths to be found now.
There are no diplomatic relations between Algeria and Nauru.
There are no direct flights to Bologna from here.
There are no direct flights to Boston from here.
There are no dishonest people, only ones who forget to be honest.
There are no distractions.
There are no dogs bigger than this one.
There are no dogs here.
There are no double-decker buses in Algiers.
There are no doubts regarding his integrity.
There are no drag marks.
There are no drugs here.
There are no easy answers to the land problem in Japan.
There are no easy answers.
There are no easy or hard languages.
There are no easy solutions to this problem.
There are no easy solutions.
There are no eggs in the fridge.
There are no eggs in the henhouse.
There are no eggs in the refrigerator.
There are no empty seats in the auditorium.
There are no empty seats in the library again.
There are no errands on my to-do list.
There are no ethnic groups in Algeria.
There are no ethnic tensions in Algeria.
There are no exact one-to-one equivalents between English and Latin words.
There are no examples.
There are no exceptions to this rule.
There are no exceptions.
There are no extra signs and symbols to indicate stress and pronunciation.
There are no eyewitnesses to the accident.
There are no faults on my part.
There are no feed posts for you yet.
There are no fees to participate.
There are no fewer than a dozen bedrooms in this mansion.
There are no files.
There are no fingerprints.
There are no fish in this lake.
There are no fish in this pond.
There are no fish on Neptune.
There are no five-euro coins.
There are no flowers growing on Mars.
There are no flowers here.
There are no food shortages in Algeria.
There are no food stores in the immediate area.
There are no foreign military forces in Algeria.
There are no foxes here.
There are no free beds at the hospital.
There are no free bikes in Algiers.
There are no free lunches.
There are no free zoos in Algiers.
There are no further details.
There are no further warnings.
There are no gay people here.
There are no gay people in this country.
There are no gigs available in your area.
There are no giraffes in Algeria.
There are no girls among us.
There are no girls here.
There are no girls in our class.
There are no girls on our team.
There are no girls on the Internet.
There are no gods.
There are no good arguments for bad people.
There are no good arguments for bad persons.
There are no good decisions in war.
There are no good flags, only good people working together to enrich each other and their society.
There are no good guys in this story.
There are no good puns.
There are no good restaurants in this neighborhood.
There are no good states.
There are no grammatical mistakes in this sentence.
There are no green spaces to play in.
There are no grownups here.
There are no guarantees in life.
There are no guarantees.
There are no guardrails in this part of the highway.
There are no guardrails in this section of the highway.
There are no hard and fast rules.
There are no hard or easy languages, only beautiful ones.
There are no hats in that store that fit me.
There are no health risks.
There are no heroes in war.
There are no hidden service charges.
There are no high-resolution images of this mysterious "Tom" figure.
There are no homosexuals here.
There are no homosexuals in this country.
There are no honorable people.
There are no horse carriages in Algiers.
There are no hospitals in the vicinity of his house.
There are no hospitals in this town, we have to go to the nearest city.
There are no hotels there. Visitors have to rely on the hospitality of local people.
There are no houses around here.
There are no houses on the other side of the street yet.
There are no houses yet on the other side of the street
There are no indications that his health is getting better.
There are no indigenous wild horses in Algeria.
There are no inferior nations on Earth – just superior ones.
There are no inhabitants of this land of despair. A band of Pawnees or of Blackfeet may occasionally traverse it in order to reach other hunting-grounds, but the hardiest of the braves are glad to lose sight of those awesome plains, and to find themselves once more upon the prairies.
There are no instructions for how to put together the furniture.
There are no insurgencies within Algeria.
There are no internal borders.
There are no irregular verbs in Esperanto.
There are no irreplaceable people.
There are no jobs for me.
There are no jobs here.
There are no jobs in this country.
There are no just hierarchies.
There are no kind people left.
There are no knives.
There are no leaves left on that tree.
There are no less than five hundred students here.
There are no less than two hundred trees in the park.
There are no lessons in August.
There are no lies in what he said.
There are no lights hanging from the roof in the room.
There are no lights on in that building.
There are no lilacs in our yard.
There are no limits.
There are no lions in Kabylie.
There are no lions in the zoo.
There are no lions in this zoo.
There are no live animals in the museum.
There are no longer any problems in business life, there are only challenges. And challenges are opportunities. So it is no problem at all if the company is in the red, it's just another opportunity!
There are no longer boundaries between pure and applied mathematics.
There are no loopholes.
There are no loose ends.
There are no losers.
There are no means of getting there.
There are no medical workers there at all.
There are no men on the moon.
There are no missed calls.
There are no mistakes in your composition.
There are no mistakes in your essay.
There are no more available tickets.
There are no more bullets in my gun.
There are no more bullets.
There are no more buses back to Aberystwyth tonight.
There are no more buses on the road.
There are no more buses to Amsterdam today.
There are no more clouds in the sky.
There are no more fish.
There are no more giraffes in Algeria.
There are no more leaves on that tree.
There are no more new episodes.
There are no more potatoes.
There are no more seats left.
There are no more secrets.
There are no more surprises.
There are no more sweets left.
There are no more than six persons here.
There are no more than two villains in Gotham.
There are no more tickets.
There are no more vacant lots in my neighborhood anymore.
There are no more waffles, I have them all!
There are no musicians in my family.
There are no natural boundaries between Algeria and Mali.
There are no new cases of infection.
There are no new houses being built.
There are no new houses getting built.
There are no new messages in my inbox.
There are no night markets in Algiers.
There are no objectively definitive statistics about how many people have savant skills.
There are no obvious answers.
There are no official documents.
There are no options.
There are no oranges on the table.
There are no orcs on this continent.
There are no other alternatives.
There are no other choices than postponing our departure.
There are no other clients here.
There are no other options.
There are no paper towels in the dispenser.
There are no parking spaces left.
There are no passport controls at the border.
There are no pens on the desk.
There are no people in that area.
There are no people on the moon.
There are no people who don't desire peace.
There are no people.
There are no perfect people.
There are no perfect women, nor perfect men.
There are no permanent wells along this trail.
There are no pictures in that book.
There are no pictures, but you can't have everything.
There are no plans to reduce the staff.
There are no plants on the Moon.
There are no plants on the moon.
There are no polar bears in Antarctica.
There are no potatoes left.
There are no printers here.
There are no private schools in the town.
There are no problems to report.
There are no problems.
There are no problems; there are only solutions.
There are no proven side effects.
There are no published studies on this matter.
There are no pyramids in Europe.
There are no quick fixes for this problem.
There are no quick fixes when it comes to a changing climate.
There are no quick fixes.
There are no racial conflicts in Algeria.
There are no real Japanese in North America.
There are no real visions.
There are no reasons for our imagination.
There are no records that match the request.
There are no reports of damage.
There are no reports on this mutation because such a mutant wouldn't even be born.
There are no restrictions on how you can spend this money.
There are no restrictions.
There are no restrooms in this building.
There are no restrooms.
There are no roses in the garden.
There are no roses without thorns.
There are no rubbish bins on this street.
There are no rules without exceptions.
There are no rules.
There are no scientific errors in the Quran.
There are no seats left.
There are no second chances.
There are no secrets between us.
There are no secrets except the secrets that keep themselves.
There are no secrets here.
There are no secrets that time does not reveal.
There are no separations. One single Consciousness unites everyone and everything.
There are no severe food shortages in Algeria.
There are no severe shortages of basic goods in Algeria.
There are no shark attacks in Algerian waters.
There are no shops near my house.
There are no shortcuts to the peak, only to the abyss.
There are no shortcuts to the top, only to the bottom.
There are no significant social conflicts in Algeria.
There are no signs of any damage.
There are no signs of forced entry.
There are no signs of life on Mars.
There are no signs of trauma on Tom's corpse.
There are no single beds left.
There are no skyscrapers overshadowing the city anymore.
There are no small number of people in this world who, solitary by nature, always try to go back into their shell like a hermit crab or a snail.
There are no snakes that big on this planet.
There are no solutions, really; there's only a healthy acceptance of my condition.
There are no spare parts for this record player any more, unfortunately.
There are no special rules about what clothes we have to wear.
There are no special rules as regards what clothes we should wear.
There are no spoons.
There are no stars in the sky tonight.
There are no stars tonight.
There are no statutory minimum paid vacations or paid public holidays in the United States.
There are no stop signs in life.
There are no stores near my house.
There are no street lights for miles.
There are no strings attached.
There are no strings on this guitar.
There are no students who can speak English well.
There are no stupid jobs, there are only stupid people.
There are no stupid questions, only stupid answers.
There are no stupid questions, only stupid people.
There are no stupid questions.
There are no subtitles for this film yet.
There are no subtitles in any language for this movie.
There are no such things as functions, no purposes, no teleology at all in the world.
There are no such things as ghosts.
There are no such things as insignificant details.
There are no supermarkets near where I live.
There are no survivors from last night's plane crash.
There are no survivors.
There are no suspects in custody.
There are no tables in the room.
There are no taxis, so I must walk.
There are no telephones in Amish country.
There are no telephones in the village.
There are no therapeutics for COVID-19 so doctors treat the symptoms. For example, they provide drugs to reduce a fever or put a patient who is having trouble breathing on oxygen.
There are no thoughts in any mind which exists, however, once generated, thoughts tend to quickly transform into powers.
There are no threats.
There are no tickets left.
There are no towels in room 15.
There are no towels.
There are no traffic lights on the motorway.
There are no trails.
There are no trams in our town.
There are no trash cans on this street.
There are no trashcans on this street.
There are no trees in my garden.
There are no trees on Tom's property.
There are no tricks here.
There are no turtles here.
There are no two people with the same finger prints.
There are no two ways about it.
There are no two words with an identical meaning.
There are no two words with the same meaning.
There are no valuables in my house.
There are no victims.
There are no visible signs of damage.
There are no volcanoes in Kabylie.
There are no water parks in Algiers.
There are no water taxis in Algiers.
There are no waves without wind.
There are no wheels on this suitcase.
There are no white-winged Diuca finches in the Arctic.
There are no windows in here.
There are no winners here.
There are no winners in wars, except the speculators.
There are no witnesses of the accident.
There are no witnesses.
There are no women aboard this ship.
There are no women here.
There are no words to describe it.
There are no words to describe the terror I felt at that time.
There are no words to describe this place.
There are no wounds or anything else at the moment.
There are no wrong answers.
There are noises in the old mine.
There are none missing.
There are none of us who do not respect his honesty.
There are none so blind as those who will not see.
There are none so deaf as those who will not hear.
There are none so deaf as those who won't hear.
There are none so deaf as those who won’t hear.
There are none.
There are normally few people there.
There are not a few passengers on this train.
There are not any books under the desk.
There are not enough bananas.
There are not enough chairs for us to sit on.
There are not enough chairs in the meeting room.
There are not enough doctors to give proper care to the children.
There are not enough helmets for all children.
There are not enough hours in the day.
There are not enough mangoes.
There are not enough oranges.
There are not enough recent progress to accurately predict it.
There are not enough sentences.
There are not enough skilled workers to keep the factories running.
There are not enough teachers for all students.
There are not enough wars in the world.
There are not enough words.
There are not few untranslatable jokes based on some homophone.
There are not many Berbers contributing to Tatoeba.
There are not many amusements in the village.
There are not many books on these shelves.
There are not many countries in the world that abound in natural resources.
There are not many customers in that pub.
There are not many differences between heaths and heathers.
There are not many educated people in the village.
There are not many games that end with checkmate. What happens most often is abandonment, the explicit recognition of defeat, when the disadvantaged player is convinced that he can no longer afford salvation.
There are not many guests in the restaurant.
There are not many immigrant workers in Algeria.
There are not many of us who have seen Paris.
There are not many parking spaces on this particular street.
There are not many people to whom we can talk.
There are not many people who can afford to buy books.
There are not many people who know how to speak Tok Pisin.
There are not many people who like to read books.
There are not many people who speak German in my country.
There are not many punters in that pub.
There are not many things which demand so much patience as the learning of a language.
There are not many ways to interpret texts.
There are not many ways.
There are not many who say that.
There are not many.
There are not so many teachers here.
There are not that many skilled shoemakers any more, says Sarkis Mousessian, so his business is doing well and he earns good money.
There are not two suns in the sky.
There are noticeable differences between the two.
There are now 300 employees here.
There are now new opportunities in Algeria.
There are now slightly more than 2000 billionaires around the world.
There are now slightly more than 2000 billionaires around the world. That's probably less than the number of romance novels written about falling in love with a billionaire.
There are now sophisticated AI art generators, AI architectural concept generators, and even AI script and dialogue generators. Conceivable, there will be sophisticated AI language generators! There could be parameters like the superstratum language and the substratum language, then out goes a resulting desired artificial creole!
There are now three cars parked in front of your house.
There are now treatments for Ebola and HIV.
There are numerous dishes to choose from.
There are numerous hypotheses that may explain this phenomenon.
There are numerous interpretations of different matters.
There are numerous large and dangerous animals in the savanna.
There are numerous reasons to be hopeful.
There are numerous theories about the origin of life.
There are numerous universities in Kyoto.
There are oak trees in this forest.
There are obedient children.
There are occasional outbreaks of religious fundamentalism in Algeria.
There are of course very few people on the beach in September.
There are often border conflicts between these two countries.
There are often earthquakes in Japan.
There are often many parties around Midsummer.
There are old clothes in this chest.
There are old clothes in this trunk.
There are old pilots and there are bold pilots, but there are no old bold pilots.
There are old pilots, and there are bold pilots; but there are no old, bold pilots.
There are old streets in the city.
There are on average forty pupils in each class.
There are one billion nanometers in a meter.
There are one hundred and sixty-eight hours in a week.
There are one hundred marae in this area.
There are one hundred people in my school.
There are one million people in New Zealand.
There are only 10 minutes left until the end of the lesson.
There are only 24 hours in a day.
There are only 25 days left to the event!
There are only 28 days in February this year.
There are only 28 days in February.
There are only 30 countries in the world where over half of the population believes that the theory of evolution is true.
There are only 5 days left until the summer holidays.
There are only 5 minutes left until the new year.
There are only 80 Uyghurs in Switzerland.
There are only a couple of pieces left.
There are only a few apples in the basket.
There are only a few consequences of closing the canteen.
There are only a few days left before the end of the year.
There are only a few giraffes left in this country.
There are only a few hundred giraffes left in this area.
There are only a few mistakes, or perhaps none at all.
There are only a few people in this village.
There are only a few shops around here.
There are only a few stones left.
There are only a few tickets left.
There are only a small number of tickets left.
There are only books on the bookshelf.
There are only books on the shelf.
There are only chemicals in that mayo!
There are only children here.
There are only color photos in the album.
There are only esperantists there.
There are only females left.
There are only five minutes left and the road is long.
There are only five minutes left till the train leaves and she hasn't appeared.
There are only five minutes left till the train leaves and she hasn’t appeared.
There are only five minutes left. Hurry up or we'll be late.
There are only five minutes till the train starts, and she hasn't appeared.
There are only five minutes till the train starts, and she hasn’t appeared.
There are only food supplements in that mayonnaise!
There are only four hundred demonstrators in the square.
There are only just a few passengers on that train.
There are only liquor stores and gun shops here.
There are only males and females. Everything else is ideology and ideology is not biology.
There are only policemen in front of the building.
There are only six people here.
There are only small humans in our century; no dicks, only dickies.
There are only so many of them.
There are only the two of us.
There are only three apples left.
There are only three cans of beer left.
There are only three cookies left.
There are only three days left.
There are only three eggs left.
There are only three girls in the class.
There are only three left.
There are only three maids in this hotel.
There are only three more beers in the fridge.
There are only three more beers in the refrigerator.
There are only three of them.
There are only three of us here.
There are only three of us left.
There are only three options.
There are only three pairs of chopsticks on the table. We need another pair.
There are only three people here.
There are only three people in my family.
There are only three people in the pool.
There are only three people on my list that I haven't yet made amends to.
There are only three possibilities.
There are only three tables in that restaurant.
There are only three types.
There are only three ways to teach. By example, by example, and by example.
There are only three ways you can live: begging, stealing, or producing something.
There are only three women in this class.
There are only twenty pages left until I finish reading the book.
There are only two Italian families in this neighborhood.
There are only two cases in which war is just: first, in order to resist the aggression of an enemy, and second, in order to help an ally who has been attacked.
There are only two castles in the game, one of which is the final dungeon.
There are only two correct answers.
There are only two days in your life when you can not change anything. One is yesterday and the other is tomorrow.
There are only two days left.
There are only two genders and I'm not transphobic.
There are only two genders in Irish.
There are only two genders.
There are only two genders: male and political.
There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things.
There are only two kind of people in the world.
There are only two kinds of insects that bats don't eat: butterflies and praying mantises.
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth: not going all the way, and not starting.
There are only two months left.
There are only two paths out from this house.
There are only two paths.
There are only two popular highways in this small city.
There are only two possibilities.
There are only two prime numbers between 10 and 14.
There are only two primes between 10 and 14.
There are only two rooms in the flat.
There are only two seasons in the tropics.
There are only two sockets in the meeting room.
There are only two species of hornbill that live on the ground.
There are only two things we should fight for. One is the defense of our homes and the other is the Bill of Rights.
There are only two ways out of this house.
There are only two ways.
There are only two weeks left until Christmas.
There are only two women in the house.
There are only young students in the school.
There are only your sentences to translate.
There are options.
There are orange plastic tables in that restaurant.
There are orange stone chairs next to the tree next to the teahouse.
There are other aspects.
There are other changes, too.
There are other choices?
There are other costs, though.
There are other factors to consider.
There are other fish in the sea.
There are other girls out there.
There are other guys out there.
There are other means and ways.
There are other opinions as well.
There are other opinions, too.
There are other options.
There are other particulars in this letter which I ought to mention to you: but I will take an opportunity to send you the letter itself, or a copy of it.
There are other people such as priests and demonologists and mediums who are much better-qualified to help people overcome supernatural threats than we are, and we refer our clients to those people.
There are other people waiting.
There are other possibilities with regard to this question and you will find numbers next to the variants.
There are other possible problems.
There are other things to consider, too.
There are other universities besides Harvard.
There are other ways of knowing things.
There are other ways to do this.
There are other ways to express how you feel.
There are other ways to review these words, such as Anki.
There are other wires inside.
There are others who both see and feel, to whom the simplest object in its suggestiveness may be full of beauty.
There are over 100 billion stars in the Milky Way galaxy.
There are over 100 billion stars in the Milky Way galaxy. If you tried to count them one by one, it would take you over 3000 years!
There are over 1000 windmills in Holland.
There are over 15 different kinds of pies.
There are over 2,500 types of snakes in the world.
There are over 3,000 pupils at Tom's school.
There are over 30 bales of hay in the barn.
There are over 4000 languages in the world.
There are over 80 people in my house. We're having a party.
There are over 800,000 Basque speakers in the world.
There are over a million illegal wells in Spain.
There are over fifty thousand volumes in this library.
There are over seven thousand languages in the world.
There are over three hundred recipes in this cookbook.
There are over three hundred species of heliotrope, many of which are popular garden plants.
There are over twenty thousand known species of edible plants in the world.
There are paparazzi around.
There are papayas in the basket.
There are parking meters in this street.
There are parking meters on this road.
There are parts of Boston I've never been to.
There are parts of Boston I've never seen.
There are parts of Boston that I've never been to.
There are parts of Boston that I've never seen.
There are parts of land today that used to be far beneath the ocean waters.
There are parts of this culture that you will never understand unless you live here.
There are parts of your opinion which I cannot agree with, but it's very helpful to have your viewpoint as a reference.
There are passengers coming on board.
There are people able to walk on hot coals.
There are people against the wearing of female Muslim attire, that is to say, it does not matter if one of them wears a niqab, khimar, amira or chaila, they think it's wrong anyway.
There are people at school.
There are people called Incas in South America.
There are people drowning in debt.
There are people everywhere in Algeria.
There are people everywhere in the world.
There are people everywhere.
There are people for whom zero is a positive number.
There are people going home.
There are people here who care about you.
There are people here who need your help.
There are people in favor.
There are people in the house.
There are people in the office who speak Berber.
There are people in the park.
There are people in the world so hungry, that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread.
There are people like us there.
There are people listening.
There are people of many different races living in America.
There are people out there who are deliberately waiting for the thrill of being offended.
There are people out there.
There are people speaking Mandarin.
There are people that are afraid of spiders.
There are people that believe everything they hear.
There are people that expect everything from nothing and nothing from everything.
There are people that insist on everything being perfect, and hurt themselves in the process.
There are people that keep putting the same sentences in Tatoeba, while so many other words cry out to be included.
There are people that like turtle meat but I wouldn't dare to put it in my mouth.
There are people that make a show out of pointing out other's mistakes.
There are people to whom null is a positive number.
There are people to whom, null is a positive number.
There are people waiting outside.
There are people waiting.
There are people which have been given to taste only poison, to which any surprise is a hurtful one and any acquaintance becomes a new torture opportunity.
There are people who always seem busy, and there are people who aren't busy at all.
There are people who are afraid of spiders.
There are people who are born when they die.
There are people who are exclusively heterosexual, and there are people who are exclusively homosexual, but sexologists know that most people are really bisexual. It's gradual like different shades of grey. However, there are people who tend to asexuality.
There are people who are not held back by anything in life.
There are people who are only sad about homelessness when it happens to combat veterans.
There are people who are unwilling to discuss certain subjects.
There are people who believe that God is not like a person, moreover, not like a human.
There are people who believe that.
There are people who can't admit they're wrong.
There are people who cannot see a pearl even when it says "I am a pearl, I'm a pearl."
There are people who do that.
There are people who don't cake of themselves and live many years.
There are people who don't know yet that transgender people exist.
There are people who don't like Tom.
There are people who don't like me.
There are people who don't like spinach.
There are people who don't like talking.
There are people who don't like to go to bed early.
There are people who don't like to go to sleep early.
There are people who don't want to explore certain topics.
There are people who don’t like spinach.
There are people who dream of being bodyguards just to be able to carry a weapon legally.
There are people who eat cat meat.
There are people who engage in volunteer work.
There are people who get nothing from their fortune except fear of losing it.
There are people who get offended for taking everything literally.
There are people who go mad for the nostalgic feel and also those who love originality.
There are people who got married, had children and then found out they were gay.
There are people who have a remarkable talent for deftly using others for their own mercenary goals.
There are people who have a talent for robbing other people's time.
There are people who have children because they can't afford a dog.
There are people who have children because they can’t afford a dog.
There are people who have difficulty decoding facial expressions.
There are people who have gone to the city more times than I have.
There are people who have money to throw around.
There are people who just want to interrupt and waste your time.
There are people who know a lot but think they don't know anything, and there are people who don't know anything but think they know everything.
There are people who like the smell of durian.
There are people who like the summer and people who like the winter.
There are people who live contented lives without ever learning a foreign language.
There are people who manage to hide even their own hypocrisy.
There are people who never speak unless they're spoken to.
There are people who only care about PTSD when it happens to combat veterans.
There are people who owe me favours.
There are people who prefer standing room in first class to a seat in second class.
There are people who read books to kill time.
There are people who read magazines on trains.
There are people who say that the politeness of Englishmen is essentially a sense of fear.
There are people who seek loneliness, and people who don't choose to be lonely.
There are people who seem to have discovered the fountain of youth.
There are people who seldom speak unless they're spoken to.
There are people who speak of wisdom with no clue of what respect is.
There are people who spend Christmas alone.
There are people who stop at nothing to get their way.
There are people who take advantage of the disabled for their own profit.
There are people who talk just because they have a mouth.
There are people who think humans didn't go to the moon.
There are people who think pineapples grow underground.
There are people who think sirtuins are a kind of panacea.
There are people who think that it is possible to build socialism in white gloves.
There are people who think that this universe is just an elaborate illusion, like a dream or computer simulation. "Māyā" is a Buddhist concept that relates to this mystical deception.
There are people who think that zero is a positive number.
There are people who translate and there are people who call each other names.
There are people who will be unforgiving. They never forget what you did in the past.
There are people who will stop at nothing to get what they want in this life.
There are people who work in the night, and sleep in the day.
There are people who'll do anything to not pay taxes.
There are people whose only purpose is to be as annoying as possible.
There are people with Y chromosomes who have given birth.
There are people you have to watch through the beer goggles.
There are people.
There are personal achievements I’m proud of but seldom mention.
There are petals all over the floor.
There are photos of the singers who're featured in the magazine.
There are photos of the singers who’re featured in the magazine.
There are pictures in children's dictionaries.
There are pictures on alternate pages of the book.
There are pigs in the field.
There are pine trees in this forest.
There are pink squirrels at the park.
There are pipes running under the flooring.
There are piracy problems in the Gulf of Aden.
There are places in my home town for ever associated in my memory with a sight, a smell, a colour, a favourite food or a feeling I once felt.
There are places on earth where natural geological processes created mineral deposits that contain large quantities of rare earth elements in crystallized form.
There are places where this kind of thing happens all the time.
There are plans to build a power plant right here.
There are plants of different kinds in this garden.
There are plants that repel insects.
There are plenty enough reasons for me to resign.
There are plenty more fish in the sea besides him.
There are plenty more fish in the sea.
There are plenty more of those.
There are plenty of animals to see here.
There are plenty of barn cats that cross our property.
There are plenty of beautiful girls.
There are plenty of books in his study.
There are plenty of bridges in Himeji.
There are plenty of brooms in the maintenance closet.
There are plenty of cows grazing on the mountain pastures.
There are plenty of dictionaries in the bookcase.
There are plenty of dust bunnies under the bed.
There are plenty of examples of people who do these things “excessively”, but no-one says those are “addictions”.
There are plenty of fish in the sea.
There are plenty of fish in this river.
There are plenty of fresh eggs on the table.
There are plenty of funny expressions in Japanese, for example, "Chi no kayotta".
There are plenty of good restaurants round here.
There are plenty of guests in the room.
There are plenty of idiots in the world.
There are plenty of nice girls out there.
There are plenty of obstacles.
There are plenty of oranges on the tree.
There are plenty of places around here for someone to hide.
There are plenty of places to hike and camp in northern Algeria.
There are plenty of qualified people.
There are plenty of rocks.
There are plenty of sentences with those words in them.
There are plenty of small canyons and valleys in the area.
There are plenty of stones.
There are plenty of taxis in the city.
There are plenty of things to do around here.
There are plenty of things to do.
There are plenty of very good reasons why I might not be your cup of tea.
There are plenty of walkers out and about at weekends.
There are plenty of ways to write a sentence and still give the general message.
There are plenty of ways to write a sentence and still keep the general message intact.
There are plenty of ways you can help.
There are plenty of weirdos living in this building.
There are plenty of weirdos.
There are plenty things left to do.
There are poisonous plants.
There are police officers waiting outside.
There are potatoes for breakfast.
There are preservation miracles.
There are pretty flowers in the garden.
There are pretty homes in this neighborhood.
There are pretty shutters on either side of the front windows.
There are printing errors on some of the book's pages.
There are prisons for children.
There are private clinics like this all over the country.
There are probably chickens around.
There are probably few young people that like opera.
There are problems of communication.
There are problems that Japan might not be able to solve independently but which it might be able to solve in cooperation with Korea.
There are problems with data management.
There are problems with homonyms in a language. I was a participant in a Pali-language discussion group on the Web. I brought up a question about the "stress"—accentuation—in Pali words. Some people imagined that I was alluding to "stress"—like emotional distress—which was not my intention. Homonyms may be a problem in effective communication.
There are problems with the roof.
There are problems with this.
There are problems.
There are professional there to support you.
There are pros and cons to anything.
There are protests in France.
There are protests in Libya.
There are protests in many Western capitals and major cities.
There are protocols to follow.
There are public showers in every neighborhood of Algiers.
There are puddles because it was raining yesterday.
There are puddles everywhere.
There are purple tulips next to my castle's windows.
There are pyramids all over the world, not only in Egypt.
There are quantities of human beings, but there are many more faces, for each person has several.
There are questions in the universe that can neither be answered yes nor no.
There are questions no one can answer.
There are questions that no one can answer.
There are questions that only Tom can answer.
There are questions to which no one has an answer.
There are questions to which no one has answers.
There are questions to which no one knows an answer.
There are questions to which no one knows the answers.
There are questions which no one can answer.
There are quite a few hotels by the lake.
There are quite a few small villages along the highway.
There are quite a few ways to express derision in Esperanto.
There are quite a lot of things left to do.
There are quite a lot of tribes in the world.
There are raccoons at the zoo.
There are rare animals in Australia.
There are rats in the kitchen.
There are rats in your basement.
There are rats in your cellar.
There are really four dimensions, three which we call the three planes of Space, and a fourth, Time.
There are red fish in the lake.
There are red stone chairs next to the tree next to the teahouse.
There are reed beds on the far shore.
There are regular flights from Algiers to Paris.
There are regular high-level meetings between the leaders of Algeria and France.
There are relatively few independent media outlets in Algeria.
There are relatively few people there during the week.
There are relatively few people there on weekdays.
There are relics of the age before circulating libraries, there are fragments of the lettered store of some scholarly great-grandfather, and these, with a few odd numbers of magazines, a few primers and manuals, some sermons and novels, make up the ordinary library of an English household.
There are religious issues we should keep in mind.
There are reporters around.
There are reporters outside.
There are responsibilities that fall on me alone.
There are risks.
There are roads and freeways wherever you go in America.
There are robots programmed to deactivate bombs.
There are roosters who believe that the sun rises because they have sung.
There are rose bushes around the blue-green castle.
There are roses around the steel building.
There are roses behind the steel building.
There are roses in Tom's garden.
There are roses in front of the steel building.
There are roses next to the steel building.
There are roughly one and a half billion Muslims in the world.
There are rules for using commas.
There are rules that are too stupid to follow.
There are rules that guide our behavior.
There are rules that limit our actions in society.
There are rules to be followed.
There are rules to observe.
There are rules, but no one follows them.
There are rules.
There are rumors about you and Tom.
There are rumors going around about Tom and Mary.
There are rumors going around about Tom.
There are rumors going around about you.
There are rumors going around.
There are rumors in the air that he was fired.
There are rumors in the air.
There are rumors that Tom's wife didn't vote for him.
There are rumors that he will resign.
There are rumors that she found a new job.
There are rumors that the secret peace negotiations have already started.
There are rumors that their marriage is in trouble.
There are rumors that they broke up.
There are rumours that he wants to move to Italy.
There are rumours that you are coming back.
There are sayings, phrases, idioms and proverbs in every language which can not be translated literally.
There are scarcely any flowers in our garden.
There are scary masks, mustaches, funny hats and costumes galore at Total Fright, one of the biggest Halloween stores in the Washington, DC area.
There are science fact and science fiction, both being useful for different occasions.
There are scratches on the windshield.
There are security cameras all around here.
There are security cameras everywhere.
