The storm lasted three days.
The storm lasted two days.
The storm left the town in ruins.
The storm let up.
The storm packed winds of 100 to 140 miles per hour, toppling homes and causing widespread flooding.
The storm passed quickly.
The storm prevented Tom from going.
The storm prevented her from arriving on time.
The storm prevented many planes from leaving the airport.
The storm prevented me from attending the farewell party in honor of Mr Suzuki.
The storm prevented me from going out for a walk.
The storm prevented me from leaving.
The storm prevented our plane from taking off.
The storm prevented the ship from entering harbour.
The storm prevented us from arriving on time.
The storm prevented us from going out.
The storm raged fiercely all that night.
The storm raged for a few days.
The storm raged for three days.
The storm raged for two days in a row.
The storm raged in all its fury.
The storm raged outside.
The storm rattled the shutters.
The storm relented.
The storm remitted its fury.
The storm sank the boat.
The storm sent the temperature down.
The storm severely damaged the crops.
The storm shouldn't affect our plans.
The storm showed no signs of abating.
The storm skirted past the capital, and rail traffic and local flights in and out of Tokyo were mostly running on schedule Thursday, after severe disruptions Wednesday. Northern Japan, however, is still seeing some transportation delays.
The storm started.
The storm stopped the train.
The storm system known as Laura became a Category 1 hurricane Tuesday in the Gulf of Mexico and is expected to intensify as it hits warmer water.
The storm took a toll on the crew.
The storm took everyone by surprise.
The storm took out power to hundreds of thousands of customers in Puerto Rico.
The storm uprooted a lot of trees.
The storm was accompanied with thunder.
The storm was at its height.
The storm was at its worst.
The storm was bad.
The storm was closing in.
The storm was getting worse out in the mountains, making it harder to reach the hikers.
The storm was interfering with everything.
The storm was moving away from the ship.
The storm was on full force.
The storm was over, the snow had ceased falling, and under its muffling mantle, white and spent with the day's struggle, lay the great swamp of the Oro.
The storm was over.
The storm was raging outside.
The storm was rolling in.
The storm washed up a lot of driftwood on the beach again.
The storm water drains couldn't cope with the amount of water dumped during the storm, and a number of homes were flooded.
The storm will damage the crops.
The storm will likely damage the crops.
The storm will make it impossible for the ship to leave port.
The storm will weaken during the course of the day.
The storm-clouds brooded over the valley.
The storms come from the West.
The storms tore roofs off homes, toppled trees, downed power lines and created so much debris that cleanup crews had to use a snowplow to clear one highway in Ohio.
The stormy sea is lulled at last in its rocking cradle; the forest fire falls to sleep on its bed of ashes.
The stormy weather was dreadful.
The story I'm about to tell is completely fictional.
The story Tom told us was interesting.
The story Tom told us was very heartwarming.
The story Tom told us wasn't all that interesting.
The story Tom told us wasn't very interesting.
The story Tom told was very heartwarming.
The story Ziri told us about that house is allegedly true.
The story Ziri told us is allegedly true.
The story about Tom eating my cat isn't true.
The story about the girl was in the news.
The story about the separation of the two leopard cubs seems pretty trite to me.
The story achieved a wide resonance.
The story affected us deeply.
The story appears to be true.
The story appears true.
The story approximates to historical truth.
The story becomes a deft blend of tragedy and comedy, such as when Depp, as Barrie, arrives at the Davies London home wearing a feathered American Indian war bonnet and carrying a quacking toy duck.
The story began at the insurance office.
The story begins a long time ago.
The story begins far in the past.
The story begins in a small town in the north of Germany in the 1920s.
The story begins with "Once upon a time..."
The story begins, "Once upon a time, there was..."
The story begins, "Once, there was..."
The story brought tears to her eyes.
The story by Tom was amusing, so I was amused.
The story came home to her.
The story came to an end somewhat abruptly.
The story can't be true.
The story cannot be true.
The story concluded abruptly.
The story continues.
The story didn't end happily for Tom.
The story didn't end there.
The story didn't sound true.
The story didn’t sound true.
The story doesn't end here, of course.
The story doesn't end there though.
The story doesn't end there.
The story doesn't have lore, but it doesn't not have lore either.
The story doesn't match the facts.
The story doesn't scare Boris.
The story doesn’t end here, however. To register itself with the application, a valid plugin is expected to have an initialization function which the application will call.
The story drew to a conclusion.
The story ended all of a sudden.
The story ended on a hopeful note.
The story ended suddenly.
The story ended very suddenly.
The story ends happily.
The story ends on a hopeful note.
The story ends well.
The story ends where it began.
The story ends with Tom pleading for mercy.
The story ends with his death.
The story ends with the main character's death.
The story garnered national media attention.
The story gave me goosebumps.
The story goes back hundreds of years ago.
The story goes back to the sixteenth century.
The story goes in a roundabout way.
The story goes that he really had nothing to do with it.
The story goes that he was murdered.
The story goes that she was murdered.
The story got more and more exciting.
The story got more and more interesting.
The story had a happy ending.
The story has a very unusual beginning.
The story has been passed down from generation to generation by word of mouth.
The story has come down through many years.
The story has in it something of the element of tragedy.
The story has pedagogic value.
The story has seen plenty of embellishments and modifications over time. Everyone who has passed it on has added something of their own to it. The truth in it can no longer be separated from the legend.
The story he told me was true.
The story in published in all the newspapers.
The story is a first-person narrative.
The story is about two young people falling in love.
The story is at once interesting and instructive.
The story is awful.
The story is based on fact.
The story is based on his own experience.
The story is both funny and tragic at the same time.
The story is consistent with the evidence.
The story is depressing.
The story is founded on tradition.
The story is full of holes.
The story is full of humor.
The story is good except that it is a little too long.
The story is long.
The story is not in accord with the facts.
The story is set in Neuilly-on-the-Seine, a French town not far from Paris.
The story is set in Paris, in the late seventeenth century.
The story is set in a dieselpunk environment.
The story is taking place in modern-day Algiers.
The story is that Mary wants a divorce.
The story is told from the perspective of a bear.
The story is told from the perspective of a refugee child.
The story is true.
The story is true. Only the names have been changed.
The story is very interesting to me.
The story left him unmoved.
The story lived on, passed from person to person.
The story may sound strange, but it is true.
The story moved me to tears.
The story of Abraham is mentioned in the Quran.
The story of Cinderella is one of the most popular in the world.
The story of Edward Snowden has reminded us once again that even the walls have ears.
The story of Grasshopper Green is full of lively humor and emphasizes the virtues of kindness and generosity without moralizing.
The story of Jesus Christ appearing after he was dead is the story of an apparition, such as timid imaginations can always create in vision, and credulity believe.
The story of Tamẓa is told at night.
The story of Tom and Mary is very interesting.
The story of Tom and Mary's relationships is full of dramatic events.
The story of a great flood is known not only from the Bible.
The story of a great flood is very common in world mythology.
The story of his brave struggle affected us deeply.
The story of how Tom and Mary met is quite extraordinary.
The story of how Tom and Mary met is quite interesting.
The story of the Holocaust is an infinitely dark stain on the history of the world.
The story of the black mountain is long.
The story of the lost prince was a fiction.
The story of the place is really sad.
The story of their encounter is somewhat humorous.
The story of these fundamental features of our universe is called physics.
The story opens in a very unusual way.
The story really interested Leon.
The story really shook Boris.
The story reminded me of my father.
The story reminds me of a certain sight.
The story reminds me of an experience I had long ago.
The story reminds me of my dad.
The story resonated widely.
The story revolves around a love triangle.
The story revolves around a mysterious adventure.
The story revolves around allegations made by Carlos' former lover, Corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein, a German businesswoman who splits her time between London and Monaco.
The story seemed to fascinate Tom.
The story seems to be true.
The story seems true.
The story seems unbelievable.
The story shook him badly.
The story shows us an interesting fact.
The story sounded familiar.
The story sounds believable.
The story sounds true.
The story spread like wildfire.
The story starts four thousand years ago.
The story starts in Algeria and more specifically, in Bejaia.
The story takes place during the forties in Minas Gerais.
The story takes place in Boston.
The story takes place in Kabylie, Algeria.
The story takes place in Lisbon.
The story tallies with the evidence.
The story tells of the ghost of someone who drowned on the banks near a small town on the Caribbean sea.
The story that Anaxagoras wrote a treatise on perspective as applied to scene-painting is most improbable; and the statement that he composed a mathematical work dealing with the quadrature of the circle is due to misunderstanding of an expression in Plutarch.
The story that Tom told us was interesting.
The story that Tom told us wasn't all that interesting.
The story that Tom told us wasn't very interesting.
The story that, "Apparently the new primary school curriculum will teach that pi as 3" spread this March.
The story told through the movie was great.
The story took a great hold upon the imagination of Sir Charles, and I have no doubt that it led to his tragic end.
The story took place a very long time ago and now, it's such a blur.
The story turned my blood cold.
The story turned out to be true.
The story unfolded just how I expected.
The story used to really terrify Michael as a kid.
The story wandered.
The story was a two-faced lie that she told you to make you angry with me.
The story was about a man who traveled across the country to reunite with an old friend, and everyone he met taught him something about life.
The story was adapted for the movie.
The story was amusing.
The story was captivating.
The story was coming to an end.
The story was full of marvelous happenings.
The story was handed down from father to son.
The story was in all daily newspapers.
The story was in all the papers.
The story was interesting.
The story was originally written in English.
The story was predictable, but enchanting nonetheless.
The story was published after his death.
The story was sensational.
The story was so complicated that I couldn't follow it.
The story was so complicated that I couldn’t follow it.
The story was so funny that I split my sides.
The story was too pat and I got rather suspicious.
The story was traced back to Lorenzo.
The story was true.
The story was very interesting.
The story will continue.
The story will get around in a few hours.
The story you told me is very nice.
The story's titular character was a brave young woman who confronted her fears and demonstrated extraordinary courage.
The story, all names, characters, and incidents portrayed in this production are fictitious. No identification with actual persons, places, buildings, and products is intended or should be inferred.
The storybook is illustrated by the writer.
The storyline is disjointed.
The storylines in this series have got far-fetched.
The storylines in this series have got more and more ludicrous.
The stout man got into a cab in haste.
The stout man leaped over the shallow ditch and stumbled.
The stove caught fire.
The stove is broken.
The stove is in the kitchen, to the left of the refrigerator.
The stove is in the kitchen, to the right of the refrigerator.
The stovetop is not a suitable spot for drying wet kitchen towels.
The strain has begun to tell on his health.
The strain is beginning to tell on Tom.
The strain is beginning to tell on him.
The strain is clearly showing.
The strain is starting to get to her.
The strain of his pretension is just too much to bear.
The strain of the last few days was beginning to tell.
The strain of the night before had been almost too much for them.
The strait is 32 kilometers wide.
The straits were too narrow for the cruise ship.
The strange and loud noise scared the daylights out of Fyodor.
The strange behavior of the witness hinted at something he was hiding.
The strange creature looked like a jellyfish.
The strange creature stood at about two feet tall.
The strange encounter made Ziri hate Halloween.
The strange feeling came back.
The strange figure came out of the TV.
The strange fish was analyzed and dissected.
The strange food has a good taste.
The strange lights were pulsating.
The strange man didn't have any genitalia.
The strange man in the strange land says that the future of the world is the Philippines.
The strange noise only lasted for about thirty seconds.
The strange noise seemed to be coming from Tom's bedroom.
The strange noise seemed to be coming from the kitchen.
The strange noise started almost daily at the same time.
The strange object in the sky could be seen with the unaided eye.
The strange sound raised her from her bed.
The strange suits give credence to the information teams, who have been chosen from the communities to disseminate information about residual spraying, while familiarizing people with what the technicians will look like when they come to spray homes.
The strange thing about money is that it can limit one's behaviour.
The strange thing is that I did not feel pain.
The strange voice did not return.
The strange voice was saying Ziri's name.
The strange-looking woman was thought to be a witch.
The strangeness of such a claim forced me to laugh.
The strangeness of such a claim made me laugh against my will.
The stranger approached me.
The stranger came toward me.
The stranger came towards me.
The stranger came up to me.
The stranger challenged Tom to a streetfight.
The stranger did not long remain silent.
The stranger didn't answer.
The stranger didn't reply.
The stranger gave no reply.
The stranger invited me to a nearby café.
The stranger kicked Tom in the face.
The stranger returned Tom's wallet.
The stranger strangled the stranded stripper.
The stranger was at a loss for words to express what he felt necessary to say.
The stranger was so near to her that, without actually suffering her to fall, he could not avoid catching her in his arms.
The stranger was too surprised to speak.
The stranger who sails for the first time up the Firth of Forth must be struck with the numerous villages that stud its picturesque shores.
The strangest part is that no one recognizes me.
The strangest thing is that I don't recognize anyone.
The strangest thing is that he saved his arch enemy from an unavoidable death.
The strangest things have been happening.
The strap broke.
The strap came off.
The strategically placed mirrors on the walls made the room seem much larger.
The strategy is paying off.
The strategy update calls for vaccinating 100% of health care workers and 100% of the highest-risk populations, such as the elderly and those with underlying health conditions.
The strategy worked perfectly.
The strategy, that is the action plan, of the army in black uniform proved to be superior to that of its opponent, since it was that armed force that won the battle.
The straw appears bent at the place where it enters the water.
The strawberries are candied.
The strawberries are getting ripe.
The strawberries are ripening.
The strawberries are still fresh.
The strawberries cost ten euros a kilo.
The strawberries have all been eaten.
The strawberry cake is delicious.
The strawberry fruit has certain similarities to strawberries.
The strawberry guava, a plant native to northeastern Brazil, is an invasive plant in Hawaii.
The strawberry harvest has already been disrupted.
The strawberry tree fruit is pink.
The strawberry tree fruit tastes like regular strawberries.
The strawberry tree is a commonly used landscape plant in this area.
The strawberry tree is native to Algeria.
The strawberry tree is not related to the strawberry plant.
The stray cat ate from Tom's hand.
The stray dog had heartworms, mange, intestinal worms, and a broken leg.
The stray dog suddenly came at the child.
The stray dog was wandering around the school.
The stray girl sobbed her name.
The stream becomes shallower as you move upriver.
The stream falls into the pond.
The stream flows into the pond.
The stream flows through the garden.
The stream is not very swift.
The stream isn't very swift.
The stream regularly overflows when it rains.
The stream was deeper than it looked.
The stream was diverted to a Jewish settlement.
The stream was tainted crimson with blood.
The stream winds through the meadow.
The street I live in is not a cul-de-sac.
The street Tom lives on is very narrow.
The street appeared to be quiet.
The street art was very colorful.
The street behind my house is too narrow for delivery trucks.
The street below was empty.
The street corner was crowded with people.
The street dead-ends into our driveway.
The street fair was canceled due to rain.
The street fight was interrupted with a hail of gunfire.
The street had a Halloween parade with costumes and floats.
The street had a big pothole that needed fixing.
The street had a block party with music and food.
The street had a busy intersection with a traffic light.
The street had a carnival with rides and games.
The street had a charity run for cancer awareness.
The street had a festival celebrating different cultures.
The street had a flea market with antiques and vintage items.
The street had a food truck festival with many different cuisines.
The street had a lot of graffiti.
The street had a lot of potholes.
The street had a lot of traffic during rush hour.
The street had a movie set with cameras and lights.
The street had a parade for Yennayer.
The street had a steep hill.
The street had a street art festival.
The street had a street basketball tournament.
The street had a street fair with crafts and souvenirs.
The street had a yard sale with many bargains.
The street had become one big ice rink, but after the brining was done, all that was left was a pile of dirty, brown gruel.
The street had such a steep incline that we had to push our bikes up it.
The street has been closed.
The street in front of my house is pretty narrow.
The street in front of our house is empty.
The street is blocked because of the demonstration.
The street is busy during rush hour.
The street is busy.
The street is clogged with traffic.
The street is covered in snow.
The street is crowded.
The street is damaged.
The street is dangerous.
The street is dark but it's not that scary to walk through.
The street is decorated with banners.
The street is deserted today.
The street is deserted.
The street is empty again.
The street is empty today.
The street is empty.
The street is flooded.
The street is free from snow now.
The street is full of activity.
The street is full of cars.
The street is icy.
The street is illuminated by many lights.
The street is like a tunnel of a paper flowers.
The street is lit.
The street is named after a famous artist.
The street is named for President Madison.
The street is narrow.
The street is packed.
The street is paved with asphalt.
The street is slippery.
The street is somewhere along here.
The street is still wet.
The street is too narrow for lorries.
The street is too narrow for the passage of automobiles.
The street is too narrow for trucks.
The street is too narrow for two cars to pass.
The street is very narrow.
The street is very wide.
The street is wet and slippery.
The street is wet.
The street lamps don't give enough light.
The street leading to the hotel is narrow.
The street light flickered for a split second and Claudio disappeared.
The street lights went on.
The street lights were on.
The street lights were still not on.
The street market had many unique items for sale.
The street noise made conversation impossible.
The street of Michael's address was dark and dirty.
The street our hotel is on is the next one.
The street outside Tom's apartment building was quiet.
The street performers drew a large crowd.
The street protests have been going on for three weeks already.
The street runs along the river.
The street sign was hard to read.
The street suddenly came to an end.
The street sweeper cleaned the road every morning.
The street to school was flooded and we had to go around.
The street to school was flooded so we had to go around.
The street vendor sold hot dogs and soda.
The street vendor's cart was full of fresh produce.
The street was almost empty.
The street was blocked by a fallen tree.
The street was blocked by a huge lorry.
The street was blocked by a huge truck.
The street was blocked by a protest march.
The street was bustling with shoppers.
The street was busy with delivery trucks.
The street was closed for a parade.
The street was closed for construction.
The street was covered in snow.
The street was covered with snow.
The street was crowded with cars.
The street was crowded with people.
The street was dark and slippery.
The street was dark.
The street was dead.
The street was decorated for the holidays.
The street was deserted after ten.
The street was dimly lit.
The street was eerily quiet.
The street was empty except for a stray cat.
The street was empty of people and traffic.
The street was empty.
The street was filled with the smell of fresh flowers.
The street was flagged to welcome the president.
The street was flooded after the heavy rain.
The street was full of advertisements.
The street was full of advertising.
The street was generally deserted.
The street was illuminated with colorful Ramadan lights.
The street was in utter chaos.
The street was lined with identical terraced houses.
The street was lined with trees.
The street was named after Adriano.
The street was quiet in those days.
The street was quiet on a Friday morning.
The street was quiet then.
The street was slick with rain.
The street was slippery.
The street was so steep that we had to push our bikes up it.
The street was teeming with people.
The street was transformed into an outdoor art gallery.
The street was very empty.
The street was very slushy.
The street where she lives is long and narrow.
The street which leads to the hotel is narrow.
The street's crowded.
The street, lined with trees, provided a vista of the sea.
The streetcar is now certainly out of date.
The streetcar network is being extended.
The streetcar was packed.
The streetlight over there is broken.
The streetlights are on.
The streetlights flickered as they walked.
The streetlights on Adriano's street are very bright.
The streets are alive with shoppers.
The streets are brightly lit.
The streets are busy.
The streets are calm.
The streets are clean.
The streets are covered with snow.
The streets are crowded.
The streets are dangerous at night.
The streets are dangerous due to the frost.
The streets are deserted at this hour.
The streets are deserted.
The streets are deserted. What's going on today?
The streets are dirty.
The streets are eerily quiet.
The streets are empty at this hour.
The streets are empty because a storm is approaching the neighborhood.
The streets are empty in the village.
The streets are empty these days.
The streets are filled with an air of exoticism.
The streets are filled with burnt-out cars.
The streets are filled with garbage bags.
The streets are flooded.
The streets are full of cars.
The streets are full of people.
The streets are full of potholes.
The streets are full of torched cars.
The streets are in full Christmas mode - it’s almost Christmas Eve.
The streets are in full Christmas mood - it's almost Christmas Eve.
The streets are laid out quite well.
The streets are lined with old shops.
The streets are not safe at night.
The streets are rowdy as they gradually fill up in anticipation of shooting stars.
The streets are slippery as hell.
The streets are slippery today.
The streets are slippery.
The streets are still busy.
The streets are swept clean every night.
The streets are very narrow.
The streets aren't safe at night.
The streets become deserted.
The streets emptied in the night.
The streets glitter under the spring sun.
The streets glow in the spring sun.
The streets here are empty by 7.
The streets in Hokkaido are wide.
The streets in Tokyo are full on Saturdays.
The streets in the city are dirty.
The streets in the suburbs are often winding and narrow.
The streets in this city are very wide.
The streets of Algiers are full of people going about their business.
The streets of Cairo are becoming dangerous.
The streets of Dhaka are very dirty and bad.
The streets of Hokkaido are very wide.
The streets of New York are very wide.
The streets of Tokyo are packed on Sundays.
The streets of this city are narrow.
The streets of this city are wide.
The streets were chock-a-block.
The streets were chocka when everyone spilled out of the venue.
The streets were choked with traffic.
The streets were covered in ice.
The streets were covered in snow.
The streets were covered with snow.
The streets were decorated with flags.
The streets were deserted.
The streets were empty and quiet.
The streets were empty and the people were gone.
The streets were empty.
The streets were flooded by the very heavy rain.
The streets were littered with debris.
The streets were made of cobblestone.
The streets were overflowing with young couples.
The streets were packed with cars.
The streets were packed with people.
The streets were pretty quiet.
The streets were quiet.
The streets were slippery.
The strength of a chain depends on its weakest link.
The strength of the chain is in the weakest link.
The strength of the correlation was severely weakened in future replication studies.
The strength of the firm is attributed to its future-oriented strategy.
The strength of the gravitational force reduces quickly with distance.
The strength of this beer is 5%.
The strengthening of competitiveness on export markets is an urgent need.
The stress began to tell on his heart.
The stress caused by worrying about the disease may be more harmful than the disease itself.
The stress in Yanni's house is palpable.
The stress is always on the penultimate syllable.
The stress is on the last syllable.
The stress is unbearable.
The stress of being a mother is killing me.
The stress of financial instability due to my insufficient salary takes a toll on my mental well-being.
The stress of the pandemic let many to reconsider their priorities.
The stress was affecting Rodrigo negatively.
The stress was too much to handle.
The stretcher was ready, and he helped lift her on.
The strict rules aim to bring everyone to heel.
The strife is o’er, the battle done; The victory of life is won; The song of triumph has begun: Alleluia!
The strike affected the nation's economy.
The strike affected the nation’s economy.
The strike brought the city to a halt.
The strike by the train drivers in Germany caused much disruption to the holiday plans of overseas travellers.
The strike had not been peaceful, however, and Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. begged both sides to be patient and calm.
The strike hindered the national economy.
The strike lasted forty-two days.
The strike lasted only three days.
The strike lasted three days.
The strike lasted three weeks.
The strike seems to be working.
The strike started three days ago.
The strike was to little purpose.
The strikers called off the strike of their own accord.
The strikers hectored the few scabs courageous enough to cross the picket line.
The striking harmony between US and British imperialist objectives is so significant that London should genuinely explore the option of becoming a state within the United States.
The striking workers protested against their pay cut.
The striking workers protested their pay cut.
The string concatenation operator (&) is not an arithmetic operator, but in precedence, it does fall after all arithmetic operators and before all comparison operators.
The string instrument accompanying the singing of Tuareg women is called an "imzad."
The string is kind of old and worn out, so don't yank it too hard.
The string is very weak.
The strings are tied together.
The strings aren't playing softly enough.
The strings aren't playing together.
The strings need to play together.
The strip mall is mostly abandoned but that restaurant is still there.
The strip mall is out of town.
The strip mall was in a state of disrepair.
The striped cat is playing with red yarn.
The stripes represent the original 13 colonies and the stars represent the 50 U.S. states.
The stripes were horizontal.
The stripper takes her clothes off for money.
The strippers can't get away.
The stroke rendered Sami impotent.
The stroller is in the baby's room.
The strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must.
The strong earthquake in Hokkaido caused extensive damage.
The strong east wind lashed at our faces.
The strong force binds quarks.
The strong force is responsible for 99% of proton and neutron mass.
The strong hurricanes bearing down on the Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico this year have caused renewed interest in predicting these violent tropical cyclones. Forecasting them has improved significantly in the last 25 years, providing more lead time for evacuation and other protective measures. But, it is still an imprecise science that needs a lot of fine-tuning.
The strong interaction binds quarks into nucleons and nucleons to each other.
The strong must help the weak.
The strong sentiments the candidate voiced only served to polarize his constituency.
The strong shall devour the meek's reward.
The strong shall devour the meek’s reward.
The strong should help the weak.
The strong should take care of the weak.
The strong will survive and the weak will die.
The strong will survive; the weak will perish.
The strong wind blew Tom's hat off.
The strong wind blew his hat off.
The strong wind blew the roof off.
The strong wind carried Lukas away.
The strong wind cut the electric wires in several places.
The strong wind died away at night.
The strong wind indicates that a storm is coming.
The strong wind just damaged a tree in the garden.
The strong wind knocked our garbage bin over.
The strong wind peeled the tin sheets off the roof.
The strong wind took the roof off.
The strong wind tore off the roof of my house.
The strong wind tore the roof of my house off.
The strong wind whipped the hats off the children's heads.
The strong winds knocked down a lot of tree branches last night.
The strong winds were blowing.
The strong yen is acting against Japan’s export industry.
The strong yen was a fatal blow to the company.
The strong yen was advantageous to our company.
The strong, gusty wind strived to strip the leaves off the trees.
The stronger always blames the weaker.
The strongest drive in human nature is the wish to be important.
The strongest is never strong enough to always be master, unless he transforms strength into right, and obedience into duty. From there derives the right of the strongest.
The strongest natural generator of almost psychedelic as dream symbolism interpretable sense appearances is the amygdala so that every asking for psychedelic substances also always has to be perceived as indirect complaint against a lack of and indication for inspection of its functioning.
The strongest part of the castle was the keep.
The strongest piece in chess is called the Queen, maybe because it reminds us of Penthesilea, Queen of the Amazons, a female warrior whose bravery was immortalized in the Trojan War.
The strongest will survive.
The strongest will win.
The structural formula for water is H-O-H.
The structural integrity of the building is compromised.
The structure already has some defects.
The structure couldn't handle the earthquake.
The structure is deficient in harmony.
The structure is reinforced concrete.
The structure isn't safe.
The structure isn't strong enough to support so much weight.
The structure isn't strong enough to support that much weight.
The structure isn’t safe.
The structure of alien life would be fascinating to discover. Would the foundation be akin to Terran DNA and RNA, or be totally different?
The structure of the brain is complicated.
The structure of the economy has changed.
The structure of the game must be organized.
The structure of the house turned out to be faulty.
The structure of the human body can be thought of in the same way.
The structure of the language is also a structure of understanding.
The structure of the painting is similar to that of a triptych, whose central panel is occupied by the dying horse and the woman carrying the lamp.
The structure of the text has value in analysis.
The structure was an old military bunker.
The structure was expanded and rebuilt by different rulers over the course of time.
The structure was originally a monastery.
The struggle between father and son lasted a long time.
The struggle continued.
The struggle ended in a satisfactory settlement.
The struggle to succeed sometimes leaves people feeling empty.
The stubble suits you.
The stubbornness of sisters-in-law.
The student John is talking to comes from Canada.
The student answered, "The square root of 256 is sixteen."
The student approaches the teacher looking scared.
The student arrived after the examination was over.
The student became an acquaintance of this girl last year.
The student became very nervous with the teacher watching him.
The student body is opposed to the new rules.
The student botanists used rulers to measure the thickness of bamboo, followed instructions in guidebooks to identify rare plants and used magnifying glasses to get close-up views of a spiny cactus, a particular favorite of 11-year old Jenny Martinez.
The student came back from London.
The student came from London.
The student center is a good place to strike up conversations.
The student concentrated on his subject.
The student council discussed plans for the graduation.
The student council was putting up decorations for the school festival by the school gate.
The student cringed when he heard the principal's voice.
The student decided to abridge his paper by taking out unnecessary details.
The student did not so much as answer the teacher.
The student disrespected the teacher.
The student ended up sleeping in the classroom.
The student exhibits brilliant qualities for his age, so he was transferred to secondary school.
The student failed to account for the mistake.
The student felt that her low grade was not just.
The student gave himself up to despair.
The student gave the correct answer.
The student had his cellphone confiscated after it began to ring in class.
The student hall is for benefit of the students.
The student handed the examination papers in to the teacher.
The student has already solved all the problems.
The student has eleven pencils.
The student has his own website.
The student has outdone the teacher.
The student insulted the teacher.
The student is at the blackboard.
The student is in the classroom.
The student is interested in nothing.
The student is learning.
The student is likely to do well on this coming mid-term exam.
The student is listening.
The student is optimistic, but his advisor is a pessimist.
The student is reading at the library.
The student is studying.
The student is working at sociology.
The student is writing an essay.
The student knows the common name of acetylsalicylic acid.
The student left without a word.
The student left without saying a word.
The student left without saying anything.
The student loves chemistry.
The student made a reasonable request.
The student made acquaintance with that woman last year.
The student made an irrelevant remark.
The student majors in philosophy.
The student may have copied the figures in a hurry.
The student missed class three times in a row.
The student must speak for three minutes without any help or aids.
The student obtained better results than the teacher.
The student offered to be a teacher's assistant, or a TA.
The student ordered the book from New York.
The student raised her hand.
The student raised his hand to ask a question.
The student raised his hand.
The student read a text.
The student read the book the night before the exam.
The student received a perfect score on the exam.
The student refused to obey his teacher.
The student shot five of his classmates and then turned the gun on himself.
The student skipped class three times in a row.
The student speaks English a little.
The student strove for excellence.
The student studies a lot.
The student studies hard.
The student submitted a paper to an English-language journal, and the result was "conditional acceptance".
The student submitted text to an English-language journal, and the result was a "conditional acceptance."
The student took to heart the judge's critical comments on his speech.
The student took to heart the judge’s critical comments on his speech.
The student was caught in the act of cheating.
The student was given a three day suspension.
The student was kind enough to show me the way.
The student was punished for cheating.
The student was punished for smoking.
The student was punished.
The student was reading a text.
The student was taken to the principal's office, but the principal wasn't there.
The student who failed the English exam was cheered up by his friend's words.
The student who finishes an examination first does not necessarily get the best grade.
The student who finishes the examination first does not always get the best grade.
The student who is talking with John is from Canada.
The student who most deserves to win this year's literary contest is no other than Tom.
The student wing houses separate lounges for undergraduate and graduate students.
The student's car is old.
The student's cheating was easily caught out.
The student's essay lacked rigour.
The student's essay was lacking in rigour.
The student's progress is satisfactory.
The student, who failed in a test in English, was inspired by his friend’s words.
The students I teach are good.
The students accused the gynecologist of range of abuses, including making lewd comments, taking inappropriate pictures and groping them.
The students acted in a disrespectful manner.
The students acted in an inappropriate manner.
The students adore the new English teacher.
The students all laughed.
The students all stood up for their favorite Berber teacher.
The students also helped.
The students answered in order.
The students apologized to the teacher for being late to class.
The students applauded.
The students are afraid to speak out.
The students are all at their desks now.
The students are all learning English.
The students are apt to make the same mistakes.
The students are back.
The students are between 18 and 25 years old.
The students are bored.
The students are busy preparing for the examination.
The students are busy preparing for the test.
The students are currently on holiday.
The students are doing their homework.
The students are for the most part diligent.
The students are happy but not the teachers.
The students are happy, but the teachers are not.
The students are hard at work preparing for the exam.
The students are having a recess now.
The students are in class for 32 hours every week.
The students are in the classroom.
The students are kind to each other.
The students are lazy.
The students are learning how to solve problems using line segments.
The students are listening to a history lecture.
The students are looking forward to the summer vacation.
The students are making good progress in English.
The students are on holiday.
The students are on vacation.
The students are short.
The students are sitting in a circle.
The students are talking about language and culture.
The students are very busy in preparation for the school festival.
The students aren't learning.
The students aren't studying.
The students around her were talking about the test.
The students asked questions one after another.
The students asked questions one after the other.
The students assembled in the classroom.
The students assisted the professor in the investigation.
The students at that school wear uniforms.
The students at this private, one-of-a-kind college are aspiring artisans.
The students attend the flag ceremony every Monday.
The students began a hunger strike.
The students behaved in an unacceptable way.
The students bothered the teacher with silly questions.
The students bowed to their teacher.
The students built bridges with popsicles sticks.
The students burned their textbooks.
The students burst out laughing.
The students chatted away cheerfully.
The students chatted away happily.
The students cheered in honor of Dr. Baker's birthday.
The students cheered in honor of Dr. Baker’s birthday.
The students chose her chairman.
The students chose her to be the chairman.
The students chose to boycott their Political Science class for the rest of the semester in protest of their professor's suspension.
The students collaborated on their project, brainstorming and refining their ideas as they go hand-to-hand in their discussions.
The students colored with their crayons.
The students come to school to study English.
The students convened in front of the school.
The students could not answer.
The students could not give an answer.
The students couldn't answer.
The students demonstrated against the new government.
The students did the work themselves.
The students did the work without help from others.
The students didn't behave correctly.
The students didn't know how they should answer.
The students didn't know how to answer.
The students didn't know how to give an answer.
The students didn't listen to her story.
The students didn't remember what they read in that book.
The students didn't understand the teacher's explanation.
The students didn't want to tell anything to their parents.
The students diligently studied for their exams.
The students discussed the plan for many hours.
The students disobeyed their teacher.
The students divided themselves into three groups.
The students do not pay attention.
The students don't have any classes Saturday afternoon.
The students don't have the financial means in which to buy food.
The students don't have to go to school today.
The students don't like school.
The students don't understand.
The students don't want to learn.
The students don’t like school.
The students drink coffee and tea.
The students eat lunch together.
The students elected Mary as class president.
The students entered the classroom two by two.
The students folded their homework into paper airplanes and threw them out of the bus window.
The students formed a human pyramid.
The students found the final examination to be a breeze.
The students gathered around Fyodor.
The students gathered at the call of the principal.
The students gave a presentation about healthy eating.
The students gave the teacher the exercise.
The students go to school every morning.
The students grimaced at the teacher.
The students have access to these computers.
The students have an excellent gym at their disposal.
The students have returned.
The students have taken no notice of these instructions.
The students have to analyze an excerpt from the book.
The students held the male student down and cut his hair with a pair of scissors.
The students helped each other.
The students hitchhiked.
The students hold their teacher in high regard.
The students in my first class aren't as smart as the ones in my second class.
The students interrupted the protest and returned to the classrooms.
The students knew the answer to the question.
The students laughed and played games in the classroom all day long.
The students laughed their heads off at Tom's joke.
The students laughed under their breath when they saw that the teacher had put on his sweater backwards.
The students laughed.
The students learn useful sentences.
The students learned Russian at college.
The students learned Russian at university.
The students learned many poems by heart.
The students learned this poem by heart.
The students left.
The students like gossiping.
The students like it.
The students like to personalize their name tags by drawing pictures on them and using vibrant markers.
The students listened patiently to the teacher.
The students listened patiently.
The students loved their teacher.
The students loved their teachers.
The students made her life happy.
The students managed to indict the country's establishment and forged an alliance with the unions.
The students met here to hear the speech.
The students missed class three times in a row.
The students must not enter the teachers' room this week.
The students must not enter the teachers’ room this week.
The students must study more.
The students never really get with it till just before the exam.
The students noted down every word the teacher said.
The students noted the professor's main points.
The students noted the professor’s main points.
The students observed as the teacher demonstrated the science experiment.
The students of this school are friendly.
The students of this school are kind.
The students of this school can get textbooks for free.
The students often call each other "gay" as an insult.
The students often copy each other's homework.
The students ought to study more.
The students parted into three groups.
The students pay keen attention.
The students performed Hamlet.
The students picked their classes.
The students prepared for the examination.
The students presented their teacher with a gold watch.
The students pretended that they couldn't hear the teacher.
The students promised to uprise if that substitute ever returned.
The students protested against the Vietnam war.
The students protested against the unfair exam.
The students put their school shirts on.
The students ran out through the door.
The students range in age from 18 to 25.
The students reacted negatively to the teacher's announcement of a pop quiz.
The students rebelled against the government.
The students rebelled against the school's dress code.
The students receive a 15,000 euro scholarship for their return trip and daily expenses.
The students receive the loudest cheers.
The students regularly help each other.
The students revolted against authority.
The students said that they would take three more exams.
The students said the story was too difficult.
The students sat in a circle.
The students sat quiet all the time.
The students sat still all the time.
The students sat still, listening to the lecture.
The students seem bored.
The students seem interested.
The students seem to be sleepy today.
The students should make use of the vocabulary learned.
The students silently waited for their teacher's arrival.
The students snickered.
The students started the course this Tuesday.
The students stayed quiet.
The students still have one month to complete the task.
The students stood up one by one and introduced themselves.
The students stood waiting for a bus.
The students stood waiting for the bus.
The students stormed out of the class as soon as the bell rang.
The students streamed towards the lecture hall.
The students studied in groups of two.
The students studied in pairs.
The students studied math equations all day long for the test.
The students studying over there are my friends.
The students turned in their term papers.
The students used a magnet in science class.
The students visited the dinosaur park.
The students volunteered for community service.
The students waited in the hall until the teacher came since the classroom was locked.
The students walked in a single file.
The students walked to school.
The students want to eat chicken.
The students wanted us to help push the car.
The students waved their hands eagerly, hoping to be chosen for the experiment.
The students went all over the classroom looking for their friends and buddies, unfortunately to the point at which Junior couldn't find anyone!
The students went at their work as the examinations approached.
The students went on and on asking questions.
The students went to school by foot.
The students went to the baseball game along with their teacher.
The students were all looking forward to summer vacation.
The students were all looking forward to the summer vacation.
The students were animated by the agitator's appeal.
The students were animated by the agitator’s appeal.
The students were asking questions one after the other.
The students were busy preparing for the school festival.
The students were delighted.
The students were distracted.
The students were evacuated.
The students were for the most part from the West Coast.
The students were genuinely interested in the guest speaker's inspiring life story.
The students were highly pleased at the news.
The students were ill at ease before the exam.
The students were interested in learning Portuguese.
The students were learning Berber.
The students were neither prepared nor authorized to explore such a major topic.
The students were noisy.
The students were not respectful towards their teacher.
The students were put in groups of three.
The students were required to learn the Constitution by heart.
The students were thinking through this.
The students were throwing paper at one another.
The students were tired of going to class, so they played truant.
The students were told to learn the poem by heart.
The students were told to turn in reports by the next day.
The students were whispering among themselves and laughing when Ziri passed by.
The students who are occupying the administration building have threatened to kill themselves.
The students whose test grades were low had to come back after school for an extra lesson.
The students will be working in pairs.
The students' complaints focus on harsh living conditions and bad administration. Schools budgets are declining and corruption is widespread. Admission often depends on parents' connections rather than a pupil's merit.
The students' lunch period is from twelve to one.
The students' union runs a bar on campus.
The students’ lunch period is from twelve to one.
The student’s cheating was easily caught out.
The student’s progress is satisfactory.
The studies are in English.
The studio hired Daniel as a cameraman.
The studio is very small, with no place to hide.
The studio was filled with the rich odour of roses, and when the light summer wind stirred amidst the trees of the garden there came through the open door the heavy scent of the lilac, or the more delicate perfume of the pink-flowering thorn.
The study also finds that it takes a lot longer than thought for ex-smokers to regain normal lung function, when compared to those who never smoked at all.
The study also suggests such collisions could lead to significant atmospheric gains if the colliding object also has a thick atmosphere.
The study analyzes 200 cognates, or words with shared meanings and similar sounds, across 103 languages, including 20 that are now extinct.
The study based on UCLA research found that obese children—those with a Body Mass Index (BMI) in the 95th percentile or above—are nearly two times more likely to have three or more physical or mental conditions than kids with a healthy weight.
The study by Meyer and his colleagues was unusual.
The study by the Australian National University's Centre for Aboriginal Economic Policy Research blames deep-seated racism and the lingering consequences of European colonization in 1788.
The study concluded that after five minutes of cooking broccoli florets, using each method, boiling destroyed the highest percentage of vitamin C.
The study describing how coffee consumption can reduce the risk of oral / pharyngeal cancer is published in the American Journal of Epidemiology.
The study did rule out the possibility that Nessie, the favorite of folklore, is a long-necked ancient reptile called a plesiosaur. The study also rejected speculations that it might be a Greenland shark or a giant sturgeon.
The study does not offer information about possible long-term effects from the use of exemestane. Doctors say they do not know a lot yet about this hormone blocker. But the report did say that severe reactions were rare among the patients in the study.
The study examined everything from how a company rewards its employees to how it communicates with, recruits and trains them.
The study finds one in four young women aged 15 to 24 are violently abused by an intimate partner. WHO officials said this is of particular concern as it is during this formative age that healthy relationships are made.
The study finds young people everywhere in the world do not exercise enough.
The study focuses on hurricanes and anomalous heat in the Caribbean.
The study found evidence that iron deficiency can lower intelligence test scores by five to seven points, and a lack of iodine in pregnancy causes as many as 20 million babies a year to be born with mental retardation.
The study found looking directly at birds while they ate prompted them to fly away sooner.
The study found that 32 dolphins have been born in the area during the past three years.
The study found that African-American students were disciplined more often and more harshly than other students.
The study found that those who had learned the language with the immersion method had brain waves similar to those of native speakers of a language when speaking that language.
The study found that while more men than women died each year from alcohol-related causes, the rate of increase in deaths was higher for women.
The study in Zanzibar, part of Tanzania, involved a three-drug regimen of ivermectin, albendazole and praziquantel. The drugs are active against worms that cause elephantiasis and schistosomiasis and soil-worms or helminths.
The study in the journal PLOS Biology lists what the authors say are the world's 10 most charismatic animals: tigers, lions, elephants, giraffes, leopards, pandas, cheetahs, polar bears, gray wolves and gorillas. The common depiction of these animals in cartoons and movies and as toys has led to what the authors call "virtual populations" — people believe the animals are not at risk of extinction in the wild because they appear to be everywhere.
The study included men from the United States, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, Greece and Australia. The researchers identified 63 alterations in the human genome that increase the risk of premature baldness. And in many instances, the DNA regions overlapped with genes for short stature.
The study included people over thirty.
The study involved approximately 2,500 healthy, HIV-negative babies and children.
The study is biased.
The study is described as the first to document a link between cocaine and coronary aneurysms. Cocaine users in their early forties had four times the risk as non-users in the same age group.
The study lasted a little over three years.
The study made it clear that smoking ruins our health.
The study may help researchers understand how human brains change as we age.
The study of biology can help us better understand and address global challenges such as climate change.
The study of biology can help us better understand and protect the natural world.
The study of biology can help us better understand the impact of human activities on the natural world.
The study of biology can help us better understand the origins of life on earth.
The study of biology can help us better understand the role of biodiversity in supporting life on earth.
The study of biology can help us better understand the role of ecosystems in supporting life on earth.
The study of biology has helped us better understand the evolution of life on earth.
The study of biology helps us better understand our place in the world.
The study of biology requires a deep understanding of the natural world.
The study of biology requires a strong foundation in chemistry and physics.
The study of biology requires a strong foundation in mathematics and statistics.
The study of futurology was his forte.
The study of history is the best medicine for a sick mind; for in history you have a record of the infinite variety of human experience plainly set out for all to see; and in that record you can find for yourself and your country both examples and warnings; fine things to take as models, base things, rotten through and through, to avoid.
The study of history offers to individuals major utilitarian learning outcomes.
The study of people in their seventies and early eighties shows that consistent performance of usual daily activities such as stair climbing is associated with a much lower risk of death.
The study of philosophy belongs to the humanities.
The study of theology as it stands in Christian churches, is the study of nothing; it is founded on nothing; it rests on no principles; it proceeds by no authorities; it has no data; it can demonstrate nothing; and admits of no conclusion.
The study of theology is comprised of philosophy, history and anthropology.
The study of worlds outside our solar system will be continued by future spacecraft, such as NASA's Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS) and James Webb Space Telescope.
The study outlining the researcher’s findings has been published in the journal Ergonomics.
The study recommends doubling the current global nuclear capacity to replace coal-based electricity, a strategy that most environmentalists find troubling.
The study results suggest there is a very real human toll to the divisiveness and rancor that has gripped the nation since the president's election.
The study said some businesses were “potentially non-compliant” while others were doing the bare minimum.
The study says that one-third of the 250 million people living in the mountains live on less that $2 a day.
The study showed that the bodily changes brought on by puberty had a monthly effect on school attendance.
The study showed the glacier melt was raising sea levels by about 0.74 millimeters a year, or 21 percent of overall sea level rise observed during the period.
The study shows that family environments exert less influence over who the kids grow up to be than do the genes they inherit from birth.
The study subjects’ personal data is always anonymized in the results of a clinical trial before publishing in medical journals.
The study suggests two possible ways that cocaine might lead to an aneurism.
The study tracked the mobile phone use and movements of 100,000 people an undisclosed country.
The study used a calculation based on how long it took advanced life to develop on Earth – about five billion years ago - and applied it to the known galaxy.
The study uses the popular French baby toy "Sophie the Giraffe" as an example. Eight hundred thousand Sophie toys were sold in France in 2010—more than eight times the number of real giraffes living in Africa.
The study was carried out in 2022.
The study was conducted by archeologists.
The study was conducted in 2022.
The study was deemed unscientific.
The study was published in Nature.
The study was published in the journal Science.
The study was released late last year.
The study was the work of researchers at Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Massachusetts. Lead researcher Sharon Curhan noted that NSAIDs may reduce blood flow to the cochlea, the hearing organ, and affect its ability. She noted that while such medicines can be purchased without a doctor’s order, they still carry possible side effects.
The study was very limited in budget.
The study which Mr Smith specializes in is economics.
The study's methodology was sound.
The study, at the University of Florida, Penn State University, and other colleges, noted that Americans — especially at this time when people resolve to lose weight in the New Year — spend countless hours and billions and billions of dollars on health clubs, exercise equipment, and potions aimed at improving our physiques.
The study, called the “World scientists’ warning of a climate emergency,” marks the first time a large group of scientists has formally come out in favor of labeling climate change an “emergency,” which the study notes is caused by many human trends that are together increasing greenhouse gas emissions.
The study, conducted by researchers Valerio Capraro from Middlesex University London and Hélène Barcelo from the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute in Berkeley, California, found that American men were more likely to leave the house without a mask, saying wearing one is a sign of "weakness" and "not cool."
The study, conducted by researchers at the New York University (NYU) School of Medicine and published Thursday in the Particle and Fibre Toxicology Journal, indicates that common fireworks displays and other commercially available fireworks that explode in the air release heavy metals such as titanium, copper, strontium and even lead particulates into the air.
The study, conducted during a 9-year period, was based on the self-reported exercise habits and health examinations of more than 63,000 adults in England and Scotland. The information was linked to mortality records.
The study, done by researchers at the University of Chicago, shows that dolphins have the longest social memory ever recorded for non-humans.
The study, released last month, found that many graduates started out in the field they studied in college. But by their third job, many were working in an unrelated field.
The stuff inside Gustavo's tent was all over the place.
The stuff that dreams are made of.
The stump is completely rotten.
The stump is like a phallus of nature.
The stunning photos reveal a complex and varied terrain on the icy dwarf planet.
The stupid and bloody war comes to an end.
The stupider the child, the more lovely.
The stupidity of animal-rights activists knows no boundaries.
The stupidity of paper will be crushed with stones.
The stupidity of these guys just baffles me.
The sturdy ox plowed the field.
The style is nice, but do you have it in a different color?
The style is the man himself.
The style of that house is similar to mine.
The style of this item of clothing is good; it's just a bit expensive.
The style of this item of clothing is good; it’s just a bit expensive.
The stylists, in all their pompous, branded majesty, doubted that the girl who had just approached them was fixable: her clothes were greasy, tattered, and devoid of rhinestones and logos.
The sub is here at last.
The sub is ready to fire its missiles.
The sub-Saharan migrants were trying to make it deeper into Algeria.
The sub-occipital approach was used to remove the brain tumor.
The subcontractors say that after they completed all required work according to construction specifications, Tom would either outright refuse to pay their invoices or would only pay them one-third of the amount they had billed.
The subdivision allowed Tom to build a second house on his property.
The subgroup of people who had loss of smell developed more severe illness.
The subject can be a person or a thing.
The subject for the evening was "Black Cats and Four Leaf Clovers: Stories about Good and Bad Luck".
The subject has been getting a lot of attention recently, and rightfully so.
The subject has not yet been fully explored.
The subject is altogether too serious, and involves issues too grave, to allow one to indulge in one-sided statements, garbled facts, or lying statistics.
The subject is closed.
The subject is different.
The subject is out of his sphere.
The subject is too deep for me.
The subject is too painful to disclose to others.
The subject is undoubtedly intriguing.
The subject is very important.
The subject line is empty, but I can see that the email is from Brian.
The subject of a sentence is usually a person or a thing performing the action shown by the verb.
The subject of marriage came up unexpectedly when I was at my older sister’s place.
The subject of numerals in Arabic is quite difficult.
The subject of the lecture is already determined.
The subject of their discourse was the same as usual.
The subject of this book is life in the UK.
The subject of this book is life in the United Kingdom.
The subject quickly died down.
The subject turned out to be fascinating.
The subject was never addressed.
The subject you will be teaching is Berber.
The subjects for the experiment were chosen at random.
The subjects of every state ought to contribute towards the support of the government, as nearly as possible, in proportion to their respective abilities.
The subjunctive is the mood of doubt and hope. The subjunctive is the mood of love.
The subjunctive is the mood of doubt and hope; it is the mood of love.
The sublime and the ridiculous are often so nearly related, that it is difficult to class them separately. One step above the sublime makes the ridiculous, and one step above the ridiculous makes the sublime again.
The subliminal messages don't affect Tom because he doesn't understand French.
The submarine can dive at high speed.
The submarine can dive up to 300 meters.
The submarine can dive up to a 1000 feet.
The submarine dived beneath the waves.
The submarine finally came to the surface.
The submarine had to break through a thin sheet of ice to surface.
The submarine has surfaced.
The submarine hid in the depths of the ocean.
The submarine is forty meters below the surface.
The submarine isn't fully submerged.
The submarine probe sped through the dark methanic sea, surrounded by cold dunes, on the moon Titan.
The submarine sank, never to rise again.
The submarine submerged in the water.
The submarine was under pressure on the ocean floor.
The submarine's periscope was sticking out of the water.
The submarine's periscope was sticking right out of the water.
The submarines sank a lot of ships.
The submarine’s periscope was sticking right out of the water.
The submission deadline has been extended.
The submission was flagged automatically.
The subscriber is temporarily unavailable.
The subscriber you are calling is currently not available, please try your call again later.
The subscriber's device is turned off, or is outside the network coverage area.
The subscription fee for the newspaper is the same this year as last.
The subscription fees we collect aren't enough to allow us to publish a journal printed in color.
The subscription is only worth it if you travel a lot.
The subscription is worth it if you travel a lot.
The subscriptions for the service come in tiers.
The subsequent effects of the attack decimated the tourism industry there.
The subsequent years after First Contact allowed humanity to skip what could have been millennia of material and spiritual development.
The subsidy helps me maintain a decent standard of living, ensuring access to essential services.
The subsistence farmer grew so little that there was no room for leftovers.
The substance can also destroy plants.
The substance can irritate or corrode the skin, eyes, or mucous membranes.
The substance is light enough to float on the water.
The substance must be treated with acid.
The substitute teacher lost control of the class.
The substitute teacher was bullied by the students.
The substitute teacher was nice but not too bright.
The substitutes are beginning to limber up.
The substratum is unstable and requires special building practices.
The subtidal reefs host a myriad of sponges, anemones and corals, whose presence converts the dark rock to fields of vibrant color.
The subtitles are wrong.
The subtlety of Caifeng's facial expressions adds depth and mystery to her already enchanting Asian features.
The subtlety of this modern empire building puts the Roman centurions, the Spanish conquistadors, and the (...) European colonial powers to shame. Today we do not carry swords. We do not wear armor or clothes that set us apart. (...) It is how the system works. We seldom resort to anything illegal because the system itself is built on subterfuge, and the system is by definition legitimate.
The subversive group was dragging Algeria to the brink of utter destruction.
The subway came.
The subway entrance is on the corner.
The subway in London is known as "the Tube."
The subway is already closed.
The subway is cheap, fast, and very convenient.
The subway is closed.
The subway is coming.
The subway is crowded.
The subway is faster than the streetcar.
The subway is more frequent than the bus.
The subway is under renovation.
The subway line is going to be extended out this way.
The subway station is at the square.
The subway station was completely empty.
The subway tunnel is twenty meters below street level.
The subway was so full that there were around five people per square meter.
The success animated him with hope.
The success encouraged the author to produce a new work.
The success exceeded all expectations.
The success of Hebrew should serve the Esperanto movement as a source of encouragement and inspiration.
The success of her novel made her rich.
The success of newly-developed applications and government-forced deregulation may hold the key to achieving this economic implementation.
The success of others annoys me, but far less so than if it were deserved.
The success of our business depends on the weather.
The success of our project deserves to be celebrated.
The success of the changes made are visible mainly in the eastern regions of the country.
The success of the enterprise astonished everybody.
The success of the mission relies upon a unique synthetic material called aerogel.
The success of the one-armed swordsman caught a lot of attention.
The success of the party helped Paik feel better during this stressful time.
The success of the project has encouraged other companies to look at similar LNG projects.
The success of the red-eared slider turtles and red-crowned parrots in the Los Angeles area have some academics wondering whether a city can be a place to help endangered non-native animals, similar to the role of a zoo but better.
The success of the team is largely due to the new coach.
The success resulted from your efforts.
The successful candidates were beside themselves with joy.
The successful concert tour established her reputation as a singer.
The successful test sets the stage for a planned launch, without crew, from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida next year, before a crewed launch in 2023.
The successor to the throne was killed.
The sucrose molecule is comprised of glucose and fructose.
The suction created by the sinking ship pulled Gabriel under the water.
The suction-capacity of a vacuum cleaner depends directly on its electric capacity multiplied by efficiency.
The sudden change in her tone hinted at a secret she didn’t want to reveal.
The sudden death of his brother surprised them.
The sudden glare hurt his eyes.
The sudden glare impinged painfully on his eyes.
The sudden gust of wind filled the sails and lurched the boat forward.
The sudden increase of cars is causing a large number of traffic accidents every day.
The sudden increase of ultraviolet rays made the researchers believe in the existence of ozone holes.
The sudden noise behind her made her wheel round to see what had happened.
The sudden noise frightened her.
The sudden noise scattered the birds.
The sudden noise snapped Ziri out of his staring spell.
The sudden noise startled the old man.
The sudden pop startled everyone.
The sudden silence in the courtroom indicated that the judge had entered.
The sudoku in today's newspaper is very difficult.
The sudoku in today's paper is very difficult.
The sufferer of a cold may have spread the virus even before they noticed any symptoms.
The suffering of the masses was exacerbated by the war waged by the ruling classes of England on revolutionary France, a war whose entire burden fell on the workers.
The suffering was unimaginable.
The suffix "-tion" turns a verb into a noun indicating an action or state.
The suffix "-zione" turns a verb into a noun indicating an action or state.
The suffix "da" is added to the noun "araba" to give the meaning of "in the car."
The suffix "inho" is often used in Portuguese names: Mariazinha, Pedrinho e Zezinho are some examples.
The suffix "um" doesn't have a definite meaning, and, for that reason, one must learn the (very few) words with "um" as simple words. For example: plenumi, kolumo, manumo.
The suffix "um" doesn’t have a definite meaning, and, for that reason, one must learn the (very few) words with "um" as simple words. For example: plenumi, kolumo, manumo.
The sugar and the butter are for our cake.
The sugar and the butter are for the cake.
The sugar apples are not ripe yet.
The sugar cane blight ruined the harvest.
The sugar canister is empty.
The sugar factory closed twenty years ago.
The sugar is all gone.
The sugar is in the bag.
The sugar is in the sugar bowl.
The sugar is sweet.
The sugar’s over there, next to the flour.
The suggestion box allows employees to be more involved in the company.
The suggestion seems logical.
The suggestion was broadly welcomed.
The suggestion was made over two weeks ago, so I've made the correction.
The suicide bomber fired towards former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, but missed.
The suicide letter reads: "To my family, I am finally free. Love, Mary."
The suit becomes him well.
The suit becomes him.
The suit fits well.
The suit has an opening in the back in case you need to use the bathroom.
The suit is bespoke.
The suit is made to measure.
The suit is tailor-made.
The suit materials of this sort will not stand up well.
The suit was alive and had a mind of its own, constantly adjusting itself to fit the wearer's every move.
The suit's custom-made.
The suit's made of very rough material.
The suitcase Tom was carrying was empty.
The suitcase contained nothing but dirty clothes.
The suitcase is packed and I cannot add anything.
The suitcase near the door is Tom's.
The suitcase that got damaged is the one that I bought in Australia.
The suitcase was a decoy.
The suitcase was in the trunk.
The suitcase wasn't mine.
The suitcases were ready for loading.
The suits in a standard deck of cards are clubs, diamonds, hearts and spades.
The suits in this row are all made of imported European fabric.
The sultan does not like the badger and the badger the sultan.
The sultan saw a spider and said, "Good morning."
The sultry September day was drawing to a close, and as the sun went down, a dark thunder-cloud came slowly up from the west, muttering in deep undertones, and emitting occasional gleams of lightning by way of heralding the coming storm, from which both man and beast intuitively sought shelter.
The sum came to 3,000 yen.
The sum came to over 20,000 yen.
The sum of 12, 24, 7 and 11 is 54.
The sum of 5 and 2 is 7.
The sum of 5 and 3 is 8.
The sum of all the angles in a triangle equals 180 degrees.
The sum of an even number and an odd number is always an odd number.
The sum of our errors is called experience.
The sum of the angles of a triangle on a spherical plane is more than 180 degrees.
The sum of the ignorance of the Republican candidates in the primaries for the U.S. presidential election is simply mind-boggling: one is afraid that China will obtain nuclear weapons, which they have had for 44 years, and the other proposes to close the U.S. embassy in Iran, which has been closed for 32 years... Such stupidity at the head of the world's most powerful country gives one the shivers!
The sum of the squares of the legs is equal to the square of the hypotenuse.
The sum of two and ten is twelve.
The sum of two odd numbers is always an even number.
The sum of two plus three plus four is nine.
The sum of two rational numbers is also rational.
The sum was rounded up.
The sum was written in euro, not in yen.
The summer camp was full of awesome activities.
The summer collection has arrived.
The summer drew near to its end.
The summer exams sapped the strength and strained the nerves of many of the first-year students at our university.
The summer exams took a heavy toll on the strength and nerves of many of the first-year students at our university.
The summer goods are now on sale.
The summer grass covers the ground.
The summer had gone before I knew it.
The summer had gone before I knew.
The summer has ended.
The summer has just started.
The summer heat is rolling in.
The summer here is quite warm.
The summer holidays are beginning.
The summer holidays are just around the corner. Can you think of anywhere nice to go for a holiday?
The summer holidays are over too soon.
The summer holidays are over.
The summer holidays begin in July.
The summer is behind us.
The summer is not too warm and the winter not too cold.
The summer is over, isn't it?
The summer is over.
The summer is shaping up to be eventful.
The summer passed before I noticed.
The summer passed rapidly.
The summer solstice takes place every year around June 21 of the Gregorian calendar.
The summer sun glared down on us.
The summer sun is high in the sky.
The summer sun was beating down on us.
The summer vacation begins in July.
The summer vacation ended all too soon.
The summer vacation has come to an end too soon.
The summer vacation has come to an end, and we will have to go back to school.
The summer vacation is only a week away.
The summer vacation is over.
The summer vacation lasts a couple of weeks.
The summer vacation went way to fast.
The summer was coming to an end.
The summer was now closing, and the great heat had passed.
The summer was over in no time.
The summers here are very hot.
The summit caldera is also collapsing, causing large temblors almost daily.
The summit conference contributed to world peace.
The summit conference made a contribution to the peace of the world.
The summit conference was held for world peace.
The summit is calling for urgent action to support more sustainable development in both high-mountain areas and downstream. That will involve disaster risk reduction measures, better early warning systems, climate change adaptation and investment in infrastructure to make communities safer.
The summit is perpetually concealed by clouds.
The summit nations put free trade at the top of the agenda.
The summit of Mt. Fuji was covered in snow.
The summit of happiness is reached when a person is ready to be what he is.
The summit of the mountain is about 2000 meters above sea level.
The summit of the mountain is covered with fresh snow.
The summit of the mountain is covered with snow.
The summit of the mountain is forested.
The summit of this mountain seems to be unattainable.
The summit of this mountain seems unattainable.
The summit produced no deal.
The summit talks are to be broadcast around the globe.
The summit talks are to be broadcast simultaneously throughout the world.
The summit was canceled.
The summit was surprisingly nice.
The sumo wrestler’s record is one win and five losses.
The sump was full of water and the basement started to flood.
The sumptuous residence of a government official was pillaged.
The sun allows us to live on Earth.
The sun already set?
The sun also ariseth, and the sun goeth down, and hasteth to his place where he arose.
The sun also rises, and the sun goes down, and hurries to its place where it rises.
The sun always rises in the east.
The sun always sets in the west.
The sun and a damp climate made the tropical rainforest.
The sun and clouds create a shifting color palette on the badlands landscape.
The sun and moon are often in the sky together.
The sun and my love are very powerful, and constant.
The sun and the crescent moon.
The sun and the moon are in the sky.
The sun and the moon cause tides.
The sun and the moon had started to shine.
The sun and the moon rise in the east and set in the west.
The sun appeared from behind the clouds.
The sun appeared on the horizon.
The sun at dusk is red.
The sun at last broke through about noon.
The sun at last broke through at about noon.
The sun baked the ground dry.
The sun beamed into Tom's eyes.
The sun beat down on our necks and backs.
The sun began to rise.
The sun began to set early.
The sun began to set on the Sahara Desert.
The sun began to set.
The sun broke through the clouds.
The sun burns Ziri's skin.
The sun burns intensely today.
The sun burns my eyes.
The sun burns within scarlet clusters of mountain ash, and the earth greets the new day.
The sun burnt his skin.
The sun came back out.
The sun came out and the ice melted.
The sun came out from behind the clouds.
The sun came out, making the day feel much cheerier than before.
The sun came out.
The sun came up, and they all stood up.
The sun caressed her body.
The sun caressed his body.
The sun comes and goes.
The sun comes out every day.
The sun comes up earlier in summer than in winter.
The sun comes up earlier in summer.
The sun comes up in the east and goes down in the west.
The sun comes up later and later.
The sun creates the heliosphere by sending a constant flow of particles and a magnetic field out into space at over 670,000 miles per hour. This stream is called the solar wind.
The sun declined westward.
The sun descended behind the mountains.
The sun disappeared behind a cloud.
The sun disappeared behind the clouds just before sunset.
The sun disappeared behind the clouds.
The sun disappeared behind the mountain.
The sun disappeared slowly below the horizon.
The sun disappeared slowly beneath the horizon.
The sun doesn't always shine.
The sun doesn't only shine on your father's windows.
The sun doesn't set in the East.
The sun doesn't set in the east.
The sun doesn't shine at night.
The sun doesn't shine here.
The sun doesn't shine today.
The sun doesn't touch here.
The sun doesn’t always shine.
The sun doesn’t shine at night.
The sun emerged from behind clouds.
The sun emerged from behind the clouds.
The sun exerts a stronger gravitational pull on the moon than does the earth.
The sun faded behind the clouds.
The sun faded out.
The sun faded the lettering on the sign.
The sun fades colors.
The sun fades colours.
The sun feels good.
The sun feels warm on my back.
The sun finally came out.
The sun finally rose.
The sun furnishes heat and light.
The sun gives light and heat.
The sun gives light by day, and the moon by night.
The sun gives us heat and light every day.
The sun gives us heat and light.
The sun gives us light and heat.
The sun gives us light.
The sun glared down on us.
The sun glittered on the water in front of the old sailboat.
The sun glows because its temperature is about 5,500 degrees Celsius.
The sun goes down by 4 p.m. in the winter.
The sun goes down in a wild blaze of color.
The sun goes down, the stars come out.
The sun got lower and lower.
The sun greatly exceeds the earth in size.
The sun had almost gone down.
The sun had almost set.
The sun had already risen when I woke up.
The sun had already set by the time Tom got home.
The sun had already set when he got home.
The sun had barely risen at the foot of the mountain when she set out alone up the slope.
The sun had faded the lettering on the sign.
The sun had gone down by then.
The sun had gotten low in the sky.
The sun had hidden itself behind a mountain.
The sun had just set when her head rose above the water, but the clouds were still lighted up with a rosy and golden splendour, and the evening star sparkled in the soft pink sky.
The sun had just set.
The sun had not risen when she came in sight of the prince's palace and landed at the beautiful marble steps.
The sun had now risen, and showed its broad disk above the eastern sea, so that he could easily discern the horseman who rode towards him with speed which argued impatience equal to his own.
The sun had set half an hour ago, but the warmth of day still lingered in the air.
The sun had set.
The sun had sunk below the horizon half an hour ago, but the warmth of day still lingered in the air.
The sun has a massive gravity.
The sun has almost disappeared.
The sun has already gone down.
The sun has already set.
The sun has already sunk halfway into the water.
The sun has always wounded the eyes of its worshippers.
The sun has appeared.
The sun has been shining over our country for ages.
The sun has bronzed her skin.
The sun has burnt his back.
The sun has come out again.
The sun has come out now so let's enjoy its sunrays.
The sun has come out.
The sun has come up.
The sun has disappeared.
The sun has dried up the ground.
The sun has finally come out!
The sun has fully gone down.
The sun has gone down about forty minutes ago.
The sun has gone down.
The sun has just come up.
The sun has just gone down.
The sun has just risen.
The sun has just set.
The sun has just sunk below the horizon.
The sun has nine planets.
The sun has not risen yet.
The sun has reached the other side of the sky.
The sun has restored color to his face.
The sun has risen but it is cloudy.
The sun has risen.
The sun has set and the stars are shining.
The sun has set and the wind is whipping — anywhere else and that would be the perfect excuse to stay indoors.
The sun has set.
The sun has struck me.
The sun hasn't come out today.
The sun hasn't risen yet.
The sun having risen, I turned off the light.
The sun having set we stayed there for the night.
The sun having set, darkness fell.
The sun having set, they left off their work.
The sun having set, they were still dancing.
The sun having set, we all started for home.
The sun illuminated Tom through the branches.
The sun illuminates everything with its light.
The sun incubated the tortoise eggs.
The sun is 330,000 times as heavy as earth.
The sun is a deadly laser.
The sun is a death laser.
The sun is a flaming ball.
The sun is a giant ball of gas.
The sun is a giant ball of hot gas, mostly hydrogen and helium.
The sun is a medium-sized star, but some stars are much larger or smaller.
The sun is a medium-sized star.
The sun is a star.
The sun is about 1,000,000 times as large as the earth.
The sun is about to come up.
The sun is about to rise.
The sun is about to set.
The sun is about to sink in the west.
The sun is about to sink.
The sun is above me.
The sun is actually a giant ball of burning insurance policies.
The sun is already coming up.
The sun is already half sunk in the water.
The sun is already set.
The sun is already shining intensely.
The sun is already up.
The sun is always burning.
The sun is appreciated after it's set.
The sun is at its zenith.
The sun is at the center of our solar system.
The sun is at the center of the solar system, and the planets, asteroids, moons, and comets orbit the sun.
The sun is at the zenith.
The sun is back.
The sun is beating down and there's no shade in sight.
The sun is beating down and there’s no shade in sight.
The sun is beautiful.
The sun is beginning to set.
The sun is bestowing light and warmth on me.
The sun is big.
The sun is blinding me.
The sun is blinding.
The sun is breaking out right now so let's all enjoy it.
The sun is bright today.
The sun is bright.
The sun is brighter than the moon.
The sun is burning.
The sun is coming out.
The sun is coming up later and later.
The sun is coming up.
The sun is covered by the clouds.
The sun is currently in a period of low activity but even so large sunspots occasionally appear.
The sun is dazzling.
The sun is essential to life.
The sun is farther from the earth than the moon.
The sun is finally breaking out in the sky, which is good news because we will be able to enjoy the sunrays on our skin and take in the sun.
The sun is fully up.
The sun is glowing, not burning like a fire.
The sun is going down and the giraffes have been waiting for this moment to go and drink.
The sun is going down behind the hill.
The sun is going down behind the mountain.
The sun is going down.
The sun is gonna bring it to the light.
The sun is hidden by the clouds.
The sun is hiding behind the clouds.
The sun is high up.
The sun is high.
The sun is hot.
The sun is in the sky.
The sun is just a star amongst zillions of others.
The sun is just setting.
The sun is large.
The sun is larger than the moon.
The sun is melting the snow.
The sun is more than a hundred times wider than the Earth.
The sun is much bigger than Jupiter.
The sun is much bigger than the earth.
The sun is much larger than the moon.
The sun is on fire!
The sun is our most important energy source.
The sun is our most important source of energy.
The sun is out again.
The sun is out, but it's still cold outside.
The sun is red.
The sun is reflected in the river's clear water.
The sun is reflecting in the clear water of the river.
The sun is rising above the horizon.
The sun is rising already.
The sun is rising now.
The sun is rising.
The sun is sacred.
The sun is setting below the horizon.
The sun is setting on the horizon.
The sun is setting soon.
The sun is setting, and the light is fading.
The sun is setting, and the light is growing dim.
The sun is setting.
The sun is shining above our heads.
The sun is shining above the clouds.
The sun is shining again today.
The sun is shining and the birds are singing.
The sun is shining and the sky is blue.
The sun is shining behind the clouds.
The sun is shining brightly.
The sun is shining but I'm not busy.
The sun is shining down from a blue sky.
The sun is shining from a blue sky.
The sun is shining here, too.
The sun is shining here.
The sun is shining hot.
The sun is shining in my face.
The sun is shining in the sky.
The sun is shining this morning, but it is very cold.
The sun is shining today, it's ideal for the vegetable patch.
The sun is shining today.
The sun is shining very brightly.
The sun is shining where we are.
The sun is shining, and the sky is turning blue.
The sun is shining, and the temperature is 6 degrees Celsius, therefore you can go cycling.
The sun is shining, but it's cold.
The sun is shining, but it's still cold outside.
The sun is shining.
The sun is sinking below the horizon.
The sun is sinking in the west.
The sun is slowly rising.
The sun is so big.
The sun is so distant from the earth.
The sun is starting to go down.
The sun is still shining on the horizon.
The sun is still shining, but there's supposed to be a storm coming today.
The sun is streaming in through my bedroom window.
The sun is the biggest object in the solar system.
The sun is the brightest star.
The sun is the centre of our solar system.
The sun is the closest star to Earth and provides us with most of our energy and light.
The sun is the eternal source of light, heat, and life.
The sun is the king of the sky, the moon is the queen of the stars.
The sun is the most brilliant star.
The sun is the most important source of Vitamin D.
The sun is the star in the center of our planet system.
The sun is the torch, the lamp of the universe; if it is situated in the central region it's because this is the best place to illuminate the planets.
The sun is the universal medicine of the pharmacy of the heavens.
The sun is up.
The sun is very far away from the Earth.
The sun is warming up the windshield.
The sun is white when viewed from space.
The sun is white.
The sun is yellow.
The sun is yellow. The sky is blue. The snow is white. The cherry is red. The grass is green. The water is colorless.
The sun isn't shining today.
The sun isn't shining.
The sun isn't up yet.
The sun isn't yellow in the evening. It's orange.
The sun just came up.
The sun just went down.
The sun low in the sky blinded me, so I couldn't recognise who it was coming towards me.
The sun made my eyes scream in pain.
The sun makes everything bloom.
The sun makes everything blossom.
The sun makes the earth warm and light.
The sun makes up more than 99% of the mass of the solar system.
The sun melted the snow.
The sun melts the snow.
The sun never sets on my empire.
The sun of hope never sets.
The sun of liberty, with bright beams, shined in the sky of the homeland at that moment.
The sun of the east shall rise in the west.
The sun on the horizon is wonderful.
The sun peeked through the clouds.
The sun penetrated the trees above me.
The sun provides us with light.
The sun reigns in the center of all.
The sun returned.
The sun rises above the houses.
The sun rises and the sun sets, and to its place it hastens, and there it rises.
The sun rises earlier in summer than in winter.
The sun rises earlier in summer.
The sun rises earlier in the summer.
The sun rises early in the morning.
The sun rises every day.
The sun rises every morning and every evening there is a sunset.
The sun rises for everyone.
The sun rises from the east and sets in the west.
The sun rises in the east and sets in the west.
The sun rises in the east in the morning and sets in the west in the evening.
The sun rises in the east.
The sun rises in the morning.
The sun rises later and later.
The sun rises.
The sun rose above the horizon in the distance.
The sun rose above the horizon.
The sun rose above the mountain.
The sun rose bright and shone upon the sheaf of oats, and the twittering birds surrounded the pole.
The sun rose from the sea.
The sun rose from the water in radiant brilliance and his rosy beams seemed to cast a glow of life into the prince's cheeks, but his eyes remained closed.
The sun rose from the water in radiant brilliance and his rosy beams seemed to cast a glow of life into the prince's cheeks.
The sun rose on Kabyle, daytime has come.
The sun rose over the horizon.
The sun rose over the mountain.
The sun rose over the mountains.
The sun rose.
The sun sank behind the jagged mountains.
The sun sank below the horizon and it got dark.
The sun sank below the horizon before I knew it.
The sun sank below the horizon that evening in a blaze of ruby and gold.
The sun sank below the horizon.
The sun sank slowly below the horizon.
The sun scorched the land and withered the crops.
The sun seemed redder than usual.
The sun seemed to stand still.
The sun sends out an incredible amount of heat and light.
The sun sends out light.
The sun set a while ago.
The sun set beautifully over the horizon.
The sun set behind a mountain.
The sun set behind the forest.
The sun set behind the jagged mountains.
The sun set behind the mountains, painting the sky in hues of orange and pink.
The sun set behind the mountains.
The sun set early.
The sun set on the horizon.
The sun set, so they quit work.
The sun set.
The sun sets around five here.
The sun sets at around five here.
The sun sets beautifully over the ocean, painting the sky in hues of orange and pink.
The sun sets behind the mountain.
The sun sets beyond the horizon.
The sun sets by 4 p.m. in winter.
The sun sets earlier in the winter.
The sun sets earlier in winter.
The sun sets in the west and rises in the east.
The sun sets in the west.
The sun sets on the horizon.
The sun sets slowly.
The sun sets, and the light grows dim.
The sun sets.
The sun shines almost every day in summer.
The sun shines also at night.
The sun shines brighter after the storm.
The sun shines during the day.
The sun shines during the day; the moon during the night.
The sun shines for everyone.
The sun shines full of fire, but I only see your eyes.
The sun shines full of fire.
The sun shines in the daytime and the moon at night.
The sun shines on bad people too.
The sun shines on everybody.
The sun shines on the red roofs of this village.
The sun shines out of his arse.
The sun shines over the mountain.
The sun shines through the tri-color clouds, shooting towards the earth.
The sun shines wonderfully this morning.
The sun shines.
The sun shining through the windows enhanced the room's feel-good factor.
The sun shone brightly overhead.
The sun shone brightly.
The sun shone in her face.
The sun shone into the room.
The sun shone like gold.
The sun shone on Tom through the branches.
The sun shone, and the sand of the desert seemed warm.
The sun should come.
The sun showed its face from time to time.
The sun smashed me!
The sun sometimes shone.
The sun soon emerged from behind the clouds.
The sun spat out a more than 804,672-km-long filament of solar material that had been hovering in the sun’s corona.
The sun started to come out and illuminate the sky.
The sun started to go down at five.
The sun started to rise.
The sun started to set.
The sun suddenly appeared from behind a cloud.
The sun sunk below the clouds.
The sun tanned his light shoulders.
The sun tans my skin.
The sun took away your desire to play.
The sun vanished behind a cloud.
The sun was about to come up.
The sun was about to rise.
The sun was about to set.
The sun was almost fully set.
The sun was almost gone.
The sun was almost set.
The sun was already sinking when I reached the summit of the hill, and the long slopes beneath me were all golden-green on one side and grey shadow on the other.
The sun was already up.
The sun was at its zenith.
The sun was at the zenith.
The sun was beating down from a cloudless sky.
The sun was beating down, and the tarmac on the roads was blistering in the heat.
The sun was beautiful.
The sun was beginning to set.
The sun was beginning to sink behind the stables of Mapleton, and the long, sloping plain in front of us was tinged with gold, deepening into rich, ruddy browns where the faded ferns and brambles caught the evening light.
The sun was blazing overhead.
The sun was bright.
The sun was burning in the sky.
The sun was coming up then.
The sun was completely gone.
The sun was covered up by a cloud blanket.
The sun was engulfed by the sea, and it became cold and dark.
The sun was fading.
The sun was finally out, and it now looks like it should be around for quite a while!
The sun was getting low.
The sun was going down, but it hadn't gotten dark yet.
The sun was going down.
The sun was hidden by the mountain.
The sun was hidden by thick clouds.
The sun was hidden in the moon's shadow.
The sun was hidden in the moon’s shadow.
The sun was hidden suddenly by dark clouds.
The sun was hot and they were tired.
The sun was hot.
The sun was in their eyes.
The sun was just beginning to set.
The sun was just disappearing behind the roofs of the Rue Saint-Lazare, but still shed its rays obliquely on that little, overdressed crowd.
The sun was just going down when she reached the surface, the most beautiful sight, she thought, that she had ever seen.
The sun was just rising.
The sun was not very bright.
The sun was now high in the sky.
The sun was on the point of rising in the east.
The sun was out, and we went into town, but then it poured down, and we got absolutely drenched.
The sun was out, but it was quite chilly today.
The sun was reflected in the window of the house across the street.
The sun was risen upon the earth, and Lot entered into Segor.
The sun was rising in all its splendid beauty; but the light only served to show the boy his own lonesomeness and desolation, as he sat, with bleeding feet and covered with dust, upon a door-step.
The sun was setting a fiery red.
The sun was setting and it was getting dark.
The sun was setting and the sky was turning deep orange.
The sun was setting on the horizon.
The sun was setting over the ocean as they walked back.
The sun was setting, casting long shadows in the clearing.
The sun was setting.
The sun was shining all around.
The sun was shining all day long.
The sun was shining and it was warm, so I took the day off.
The sun was shining and the birds were singing.
The sun was shining bright.
The sun was shining brightly.
The sun was shining gloriously.
The sun was shining high in a cloudless sky.
The sun was shining in all its splendid beauty.
The sun was shining like gold.
The sun was shining so beautifully here this morning, and now it's bucketing down.
The sun was shining, yet it was cold.
The sun was shining.
The sun was sinking.
The sun was starting to set.
The sun was still out.
The sun was there on top, making our day even more enjoyable.
The sun was warm in the morning, but it's cold at this moment.
The sun was warm in the morning, but it’s cold at this moment.
The sun went behind the clouds.
The sun went behind the mountains.
The sun went below the horizon.
The sun went down behind the mountains.
The sun went down, making the sky orange and pink.
The sun went down, so they quit working.
The sun will also shine for us.
The sun will be setting soon.
The sun will become a red giant in about 5 billion years.
The sun will come up soon.
The sun will continue to rise and set long after humankind has gone.
The sun will eventually burn out, but not for billions of years.
The sun will go down in two hours.
The sun will go down this evening at three minutes past six.
The sun will rise again tomorrow.
The sun will rise and the party will still continue.
The sun will rise soon.
The sun will set in two hours.
The sun will set soon.
The sun will set tonight at 6:03.
The sun will shine again soon.
The sun will soon set.
The sun worshippers are gathering on the beach.
The sun'll warm the ground soon.
The sun's eclipses and the changing moons, / whence man and beast, whence lightning and the rain, / Arcturus, watery Hyads and the Wain; / what causes make the winter nights so long, / why sinks the sun so quickly in the main.
The sun's glare is strong today.
The sun's intensity cooked me.
The sun's not shining any more. It's cloudy again, and even looks as if it might rain.
The sun's not shining any more. It's cloudy again, and even looks like rain.
The sun's out again.
The sun's out – rise and shine!
The sun's shining really brightly.
The sun's up, but it's cloudy.
The sun's warmth heats my home.
The sun, although shy managed to pierce the mass of clouds.
The sun, blazing red on the horizon, is sinking into the sea.
The sun, moon, and stars are all part of the universe.
The sun/light is the sky.
The sunbather laughed at your failure from his deckchair.
The sunbeam acts upon the skin.
The sunflower swayed gracefully in the breeze.
The sunglasses cost twenty euros.
The sunglasses fell to the floor.
The sunglasses made him look like an undercover policeman.
The sunlight blinded Tom when he stepped out of the house.
The sunlight blinded Tom.
The sunlight dazzles the eyes.
The sunlight felt warm on our faces.
The sunlight filtered through the treetops, casting a magical glow on Gustavo as he wandered through the woods.
The sunlight gradually decreased.
The sunlight is painful in this time period.
The sunlight is streaming through your window.
The sunlight makes the electrons in the cells move and energy is produced.
The sunlight streamed through the fanlight above the door.
The sunlight warmed her skin.
The sunlight was dazzling.
The sunlit side of the barn was steaming after the brief rain shower.
The sunniest place on Earth is in the United States. It is Yuma, Arizona, which gets over 4,000 hours of sunshine per year.
The sunny side of the hill is full of deciduous trees.
The sunny weather made camping even more fun.
The sunrise fills me with excitement everyday!
The sunrise from the mountaintop was beautiful beyond description.
The sunrise is beautiful this morning.
The sunrise is unobservable to physicists.
The sunrise over the ocean was worth waking up early for.
The sunrise stained the sky with an exuberant mixture of colors.
The sunset glows in the west.
The sunset is a spectacle of great beauty.
The sunset is beautiful.
The sunset is really beautiful here.
The sunset is so beautiful tonight!
The sunset is soon.
The sunset over the ocean was absolutely breathtaking.
The sunset painted the sky in beautiful colors.
The sunset sometimes turns the sky red.
The sunset was beautiful this evening.
The sunset was beautiful yesterday.
The sunshine improved his color.
The sunshine improved his complexion.
The sunshine on Fuerteventura is always dazzlingly bright.
The sunshine penetrated the thick leaves of the trees.
The sunshine tempted people out.
The sunshine was dazzling.
The sun’s light takes about 8 minutes to reach Earth.
The sun’s rays shined with divine light.
The super computer bested veteran Jeopardy champs Ken Jennings and Brad Rutter in all categories: the arts, popular culture, science, geography, wordplay and more.
The super-modern Asian nation hopes to secure a hassle-free, land-and-sea transit route as far as Africa, Abe's spokesman Norio Murayama said.
The supercilious air she took on when she had to share a room with poor people made her friends cringe every time.
The supercilious billionaire couldn't stand the idea of sharing public transit with the common folk.
The superexpress Nozomi runs faster than the Hikari.
The superfluous, a thing highly necessary.
The superfluous, a very necessary thing.
The superhero movie had the biggest worldwide opening weekend in history, with more than $640 million in tickets sold.
The superheroes of her dreams died along with her.
The superintendent lives on the ground floor.
The superintendent will hear about this.
The superior gratification derived from the use and contemplation of costly and supposedly beautiful products is, commonly, in great measure a gratification of our sense of costliness masquerading under the name of beauty.
The superior man bends his attention to what is radical. That being established, all practical courses naturally grow up.
The superior man controls things, he is not controlled by them.
The superior man is affected towards animals: having seen them alive, he cannot bear to see them die; having heard their cries, he cannot bear to eat their flesh.
The superior stability of DNA when compared to RNA most likely accounts for the former's role as the long-term repository of the genome.
The supermarket I usually go to will be closed for the rest of this week.
The supermarket didn't have what I wanted.
The supermarket fired a lot of part-time workers.
The supermarket has a large stock of merchandise.
The supermarket has tomatoes on offer today.
The supermarket hired many part-timers.
The supermarket is closed.
The supermarket is on the other side of the street.
The supermarket is open Monday through Saturday.
The supermarket is open all days except Sunday.
The supermarket is open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.
The supermarket is open from nine to six.
The supermarket is open.
The supermarket is out of business.
The supermarket is within walking distance.
The supermarket near our house closed last week.
The supermarket of the past is racing toward a high tech future. And clever marketers are starting with their youngest consumers. Publix Supermarkets in the U.S. city of Atlanta, Georgia have begun testing TV Karts for toddlers. Moms can shop in peace while their kids ride along watching their favorite TV shows.
The supermarket opens at ten in the morning.
The supermarket opens at ten o'clock.
The supermarket opens at ten o’clock.
The supermarket ran out of business.
The supermarket sells a lot of good food.
The supermarket shelves were almost empty.
The supermarket was closed today.
The supermarket was closed.
The supermarket was relatively empty for that time of day.
The supermarket was robbed four times.
The supermarket's got tomatoes on offer today.
The supermarkets are now closed, so we'll have to make do with what is left in the refrigerator.
The supermarkets are now closed, so we’ll have to make do with what is left in the refrigerator.
The supermarkets don't like that idea.
The supermassive black hole Sagittarius A* has mass four million times that of our sun, making it the biggest in our galaxy.
The supermassive black hole at the centre of the galaxy remained a mystery for thousands of years...
The supernatural is the natural not yet understood.
The supernova shone so brightly that it cast a shadow on Earth.
The superpowers made significant progress in disarmament.
The superpowers negotiated in earnest for the settlement of the intense conflict.
The superstar invited Adriano to their concert.
The supertrain network connected China with India and the rest of Asia.
The supervisor bought a really fast machine.
The supervisor bought a really powerful machine.
The supervisor enforced the rules here in this factory.
The supervisor is busy at the moment.
The supervisor transfers the box with the shoes to the other storage room.
The supervisor was there to evaluate my teacher.
The supervolcano of Yellowstone hasn't erupted in ages, but telltale signs such as deformation of land and earthquakes showcase its activity.
The supple stave slid gracefully through the opening.
The supplies are beginning to give out.
The supplies began to run out.
The supplies will give out soon.
The supplies will run out soon.
The supplies will soon run out.
The supply can not keep up with the demand.
The supply can't keep up with the demand.
The supply cannot keep up with the demand.
The supply of game for London is going steadily up. Head-keeper Hudson, we believe, has been now told to receive all orders for fly-paper and for preservation of your hen-pheasant's life.
The supply of masks and ventilators is either gone or quickly diminishing.
The supply ship will be here next week.
The supply-demand balance is relaxing.
The supply-demand balance is tight.
The support of family and friends is crucial to me.
The support of the community encourages the festival organizers, who are now planning even more events.
The support she needs seems just out of reach.
The support they bring, whether general or specific, directly contributes to the business's positive results.
The support was so backlogged. No one responded to them for months.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
The supreme art of war is to subjugate the enemy without fighting.
The supreme task of politicians is to make people believe they, i.e. the politicians, are indispensable.
The supreme treasure is knowledge, the middle treasure is children, and the lowest treasure is material wealth.
The surest antidote to temptation is cowardice.
The surest way to prevent war is not to fear it.
The surest way to stay poor is to be honest.
The surface gravity on Mars is more than a third of Earth's.
The surface must be completely smooth.
The surface of Jupiter is inhospitable with more than two and a half times Earth's gravity and a poisonous gas atmosphere.
The surface of Mars has not only been affected by meteorite impacts, but also by volcanic and tectonic activity.
The surface of Mars is a challenging and inhospitable place, especially for rovers.
The surface of Mars is a challenging and inhospitable place.
The surface of Mercury has been shaped by three processes: impact cratering where large objects struck the surface resulting in crater formation, volcanism where lava flooded the surface, and tectonic activity where the planet's crust moved in order to adjust to the planetary cooling and contracting.
The surface of Mercury is covered in impact craters.
The surface of Venus is hot enough to melt lead.
The surface of Venus is hotter than any other planet in the solar system.
The surface of Venus is too hot.
The surface of a balloon is not an Euclidean space, and therefore does not follow the rules of Euclidean geometry.
The surface of a planet is composed mostly of water.
The surface of the Dead Sea is about 400 meters below sea level, earth's lowest elevation on land.
The surface of the earth is 70% water.
The surface of the earth rose due to the earthquake.
The surface of the earth rose due to the volcanic activity.
The surface of the glass needs to be even.
The surface of the lake is almost like a mirror.
The surface of the moon is irregular.
The surface of the object is fairly rough.
The surface of the peculiar object is fairly rough.
The surface of the planet can be seen.
The surface of the sun is constantly erupting with powerful bursts of energy.
The surface of the water was still as glass.
The surface of this road is less than four meters wide.
The surface temperature of the sun is around 6000°C.
The surface temperature of the sun is assumed to be about 6000°C.
The surface temperature on the side of Mercury closest to the Sun reaches 427 degrees Celsius, a temperature hot enough to melt tin. On the side facing away from the Sun, or the night side, the temperature drops to -183 degrees Celsius.
The surface-to-air missile intercepted the ninth fighter.
The surfboard doesn't fit in my suitcase.
The surfer tried to ride the crest of the wave.
The surfers partied on the beach.
The surfers waited for the perfect wave.
The surfers were looking for the perfect wave.
The surgeon accidentally nicked a blood vessel.
The surgeon advised me to go to hospital immediately.
The surgeon amputated the wrong leg.
The surgeon calmed Ziri down.
The surgeon carefully used the medical scissors to make a precise incision during the surgical procedure.
The surgeon forgot something inside the patient.
The surgeon has pronounced the injured person dead.
The surgeon has pronounced the victim dead.
The surgeon operated on her for lung cancer.
The surgeon operated on the patient.
The surgeon persuaded him to undergo an organ transplant.
The surgeon persuaded me to undergo an operation.
The surgeon persuaded me to undergo an organ transplant operation.
The surgeon put on his scrubs.
The surgeon reached for the scalpel.
The surgeon removed the wrong organ.
The surgeon scrubbed thoroughly up to his elbows before commencing surgery.
The surgeon scrubbed up before commencing the operation.
The surgeon slit Yanni's knee open.
The surgeon started the procedure.
The surgeon took out his patient's appendix.
The surgeon took out his patient’s appendix.
The surgeon who did Tom's operation is very experienced and highly regarded.
The surgeon who operated on Tom is very experienced and highly regarded.
The surgeon's suture technique minimizes scarring.
The surgery is quite difficult.
The surgery is very expensive.
The surgery lasted six hours.
The surgery lasted three hours.
The surgery was a success.
The surgery was finally finished.
The surgery was successful.
The surgery was successfully completed.
The surgery was yesterday.
The surgery went really well.
The surgery went well.
The surgery went wonderfully.
The surgery, performed at our clinic, is over in half an hour.
The surgical closure was poorly done, leaving a ragged scar.
The surgical removal of an ovary or ovaries is called an oophorectomy.
The surgical scars on his neck where the micro-communications equipment had been inserted itched maddeningly.
The surprise fireworks colouring the autumn sky brought smiles to our faces.
The surprise is complete.
The surprise left Marcus speechless.
The surprise left Tom speechless.
The surprise party for Laura is not tonight, but tomorrow night.
The surprise party idea was completely wrecked by a leak.
The surprise rendered her speechless.
The surprise stunned Marcus to silence.
The surrender terms were harsh.
The surreptitious gesture went unnoticed by the rest of the room.
The surrounding area was very quiet.
The surrounding areas produce wheat and other cereal crops.
The surrounding hills protected the town.
The surrounding nature was quiet.
The surroundings were breathtaking.
The surveillance agency found him by spotting his idiolect on an Internet forum.
The surveillance camera system has been fixed.
The survey at the doctor's office asked the most personal questions you could imagine.
The survey revealed that most pregnant women prefer girls.
The survey revealed that the majority of researchers admit to sometimes stopping data collection before reaching the pre-determined stopping point.
The surveyor could also advise the promoters which route could be most easilyâ€”and therefore most cheaplyâ€”constructed.
The surveyor could also advise the promoters which route could be most easily—and therefore most cheaply—constructed.
The survival kit includes a compact flint for emergencies.
The survival of the human species is assured.
The surviving refugees longed for freedom.
The survivors kill and get killed for food.
The survivors were found on an island, dying of starvation.
The survivors were marched in captivity.
The survivors were shot dead in the pool.
The survivors, however, didn't know this.
The sushi at this shop tastes good.
The suspect began to confess at last.
The suspect committed an act of industrial espionage.
The suspect confessed.
The suspect had a nervous disposition, was a chain smoker and had bitten his nails down to the quick.
The suspect had black hair and black eyes and didn't have any unique features.
The suspect had to lay all his personal effects on the table.
The suspect had to lay all his things on the table.
The suspect had to place all of his possessions on the table.
The suspect has been caught.
The suspect has confessed.
The suspect has dark hair.
The suspect hasn't been caught yet.
The suspect hasn't been identified.
The suspect is a black male.
The suspect is a caucasian female.
The suspect is a man in his late thirties.
The suspect is armed and dangerous.
The suspect is still at large.
The suspect must leave all his personal belongings on the table.
The suspect refused to cooperate.
The suspect remains at large.
The suspect remains in custody.
The suspect reportedly stole computers.
The suspect slipped and impaled himself while attempting to climb over a wrought iron fence.
The suspect still could not be caught.
The suspect still hasn't been caught.
The suspect told a lie to the inspector.
The suspect wanted to avoid being arrested.
The suspect was Mirandised.
The suspect was Mirandized.
The suspect was arrested at midnight.
The suspect was described as being tall.
The suspect was given a three-year suspended sentence.
The suspect was given the third degree until he confessed his crime.
The suspect was hiding in one of those ramshackle buildings near the pier.
The suspect was hiding out in the mountains for three weeks.
The suspect was holed up in an abandoned factory.
The suspect was identified quickly after being recorded on closed-circuit television.
The suspect was innocent of the crime.
The suspect was last seen wearing blue jeans and an orange sweatshirt.
The suspect was last seen wearing paint-splattered carpenter pants.
The suspect was not previously known to police.
The suspect was re-Mirandised.
The suspect was re-Mirandized.
The suspect was read her rights again.
The suspect was read her rights.
The suspect was read his rights again.
The suspect was read his rights.
The suspect was revealed to be a young teenager named Dan Anderson.
The suspect was taken into custody.
The suspect was taken to the police station for further questioning.
The suspect was told not to leave town.
The suspect's gender is currently unknown.
The suspect's name hasn't been released.
The suspect's whereabouts are still unknown.
The suspected cause of the derailment is a landslide.
The suspected perpetrator later died from his injuries.
The suspected rapist was taken into custody.
The suspected shooter has been arrested.
The suspects deny everything.
The suspects fled on foot.
The suspects fled the scene.
The suspects were interviewed.
The suspects were rounded up last Saturday during a country-wide operation.
The suspects were taken by surprise.
The suspects will face charges for importing and possessing drugs in a Sydney court.
The suspense grew unbearable.
The suspense is killing me!
The suspense is killing me.
The suspense is killing us.
The suspension bridge is 5 miles upstream.
The suspension bridge is miles above.
The sutures will be removed a week after the operation.
The suzerainty agreement gave the ruling state authority over its vassal.
The swallow is a harbinger of summer.
The swallow is a migratory bird.
The swallow is a sign of summer.
The swallow is swift in flight.
The swallow is the harbinger of spring.
The swallows are chirping.
The swallows are flying low. It's going to rain.
The swallows are flying low; there'll be rain.
The swallows are migrating.
The swallows are migratory birds which arrive in autumn.
The swallows came back.
The swallows continued to disperse across the sky, until they had faded completely from our sight.
The swallows have already arrived.
The swallows leave as soon as it gets cold.
The swallows travel, flying from one country to another.
The swan cries.
The swans migrate from here to Florida.
The swans on the river make a dreamlike scene.
The swastikas should have raised some suspicion.
The sway of alcohol over mankind is unquestionably due to its power to stimulate the mystical faculties of human nature.
The sweat absorbs the heat energy from its surroundings to evaporate, leaving behind a cooling effect.
The sweat stood on his face.
The sweat was dripping off my brow.
The sweater is a little too big for me.
The sweater is made of pure wool.
The sweater shrank in the wash.
The sweatsuit doesn't fit me anymore.
The sweep of the times is changing rapidly.
The sweet dream needs to be substituted for bitter reality.
The sweet lulling beauty of the birch.
The sweet potato is big.
The sweet potato is native to South America.
The sweet potato is native to South America. And yet, there have been sweet potatoes on the menu in Polynesia as far back as 1,000 years ago. So how did it get there?
The sweet scent of her lips intoxicated me.
The sweet treats are selling well.
The sweetness of Interlingua was more suited to my poetic vision.
The sweetness of her voice, the delicacy of her expressions, the vivid glow of her filial affection, embittered his regret at having repulsed her gratitude with rudeness, while, at the same time, they placed before his imagination a picture of the most seducing sweetness.
The sweetness of her voice, the delicacy of her expressions, the vivid glow of her filial affection, embittered his regret at having repulsed her gratitude with rudeness.
The sweetness of the dried cranberries in Benedito's salad is a great contrast to the savory bacon.
The sweetness of the fruit in Benedito's salad is a great contrast to the savory veggies.
The sweets I ate were delicious!
The sweets are on the table.
The swelling has gone down.
The sweltering afternoon began to turn into a thunderstorm.
The swift does not always win in races.
The swift is a small migratory bird of the family Apodidae.
The swifts and the swallows told their feathered friends all about it, and they told others, both birds and animals, until at last it began to be rumored through all the animal world that on one day in the year the children of men were made wonderfully happy by means of some sort of a festival which they held about a fir-tree from the forest.
The swimmer raised his head and gasped for breath.
The swimmer was drunk and drowned.
The swimmer, Cindy Nicholas, barely made it ashore at Dover at the end of the exhausting swim, but a spokesman from the Channel Swimming Association announced that she was in very good shape.
The swimmers are entering the water.
The swimmers seemed to be struggling.
The swimmers were numb with cold.
The swimming boy is my brother.
The swimming event was called off.
The swimming pool doesn't open for another hour.
The swimming pool has a retractable cover.
The swimming pool in the garden was the icing on the cake.
The swimming pool is 4.4 yards wide.
The swimming pool is closed because of storm.
The swimming pool is closed due to the storm.
The swimming pool is closed.
The swimming pool is covered in the winter.
The swimming pool is currently closed.
The swimming pool is four meters wide.
The swimming pool is hidden under the floor.
The swimming pool is not that deep.
The swimming pool is on the roof of the hotel.
The swimming pool is open to the public.
The swimming pool is used in common by all the children in the neighborhood.
The swimming pool opens at 2:30 p.m.
The swimming pool was very crowded this afternoon.
The swimming pool we swam in yesterday had a circular shape.
The swimming pool will be closed tomorrow.
The swindler is now under police protection.
The swing is moving up and down.
The swing sets have been removed from all the school playgrounds in our area.
The swirling motion of eddies in the ocean cause nutrients that are normally found in colder, deeper waters to come to the surface.
The switch didn't work on time.
The switch didn’t work on time.
The switch is off.
The switch is on.
The swollen silenus has an onomatopeian Kabyle name, in connection with the sound made by its leaves.
The swoop of bats in the darkness over her was as the wings of unearthly creatures.
The sword can be used to protect the body.
The sword fell into Ziri's hands.
The sword has found its scabbard.
The sword has no effect on Gustavo.
The sword is banded with steel to make it stronger.
The sword is sharp.
The sword of heaven is not in haste to smite.
The sword split his skull in twain.
The sword was curved like water.
The sword was reinforced with steel.
The sword will devour forever.
The swordfish was a bit dry, but it tasted good.
The swordswoman feinted to the left before striking right.
The syllable is the key to sound.
The syllabus got tougher.
The symbol "&" means "and".
The symbol "X" usually stands for an unknown quantity in mathematics.
The symbol "x" usually stands for an unknown quantity in mathematics.
The symbol '×' represents "times".
The symbol '×' represents "to multiply by".
The symbol of communism is the hammer and sickle.
The symbol used for the Israeli Shekel is "â‚ª".
The symbol used for the Israeli Shekel is "₪".
The symbolism behind this Cistercian chapel's sculptural motifs is still not completely understood.
The symbols are alive and exist in front of the visible images.
The symbols of the body and spirit for humble people should be the tree and water respectively, since the tree hardens externally and matures over time in order to offer people in need refuge and have them shadowed; on the other hand water lies calmed in peace, is useful for everyone equally and moreover it has a devastating power capable of destroying the most powerful nations of the world.
The symbols on the clay tablets that we found more than a month ago continue to be as inscrutable and mysterious as when we uncovered them.
The symmetry of Caifeng's facial features is harmonious and contributes to her striking beauty.
The symposium was a little rougher than usual: "Never again," said Socrates the morning after.
The symptoms I'm having are pretty severe.
The symptoms are only going to get worse.
The symptoms are terrible.
The symptoms are very similar to those of other diseases.
The symptoms began to abate.
The symptoms haven't returned.
The symptoms include evasiveness and euphoria.
The symptoms of an anxiety attack are very similar to those of a heart attack.
The symptoms of his persecution mania include delusions of conspiracy and exaggerated fears.
The symptoms of malaria, which strikes an estimated 200 million people around the globe every year, are non-specific. That means the fever, aches, pains and chills in the early stages could be mistaken for any number of infections.
The synagogue is there.
The synagogue was built in the fifteenth century.
The syncretist, the mystic, the devotee, the puritan, would find a congenial climate in these regions of Asia Minor.
The syntactically Latinate language lends the poem gravitas.
The syntax of Python scripts is very simple.
The syringe couldn't be used anymore.
The syringe is pulling the air out.
The syringe is the instrument most commonly used to administer insulin.
The syringes were clean and new.
The system activated.
The system administrator has configured your system such that this installation is not permitted.
The system administrator sat in a windowless office under fluorescent lights.
The system became self-aware and launched a nuclear attack.
The system benefits a small group at the expense of the sacrifice of the rest.
The system didn't work.
The system didn’t show any malfunction.
The system doesn't work.
The system has been sabotaged.
The system here works really well.
The system is adaptive.
The system is broken.
The system is down.
The system is equipped with an ultraviolet lamp and a halogen lamp that produces near-infrared light. A spectrograph device can use the near-infrared light bouncing off an apple to show evidence of damage. The ultraviolet light can show contaminants.
The system is experiencing a high volume of calls.
The system is hardly foolproof.
The system is now down.
The system is outdated.
The system is rigged.
The system is rotten.
The system is the problem.
The system is under maintenance.
The system is working exactly as intended.
The system is working exactly the way it was designed.
The system is working very well now.
The system is working well.
The system is working.
The system isn't flawless.
The system isn't perfect.
The system needs to reboot.
The system parameters comply with the standard.
The system says I do not have the necessary permissions to delete the folder.
The system seems to be in chaos.
The system utilizes cameras to help the city enforce speed control laws.
The system was devised for cataloguing and indexing purposes, but it was found on trial to be equally valuable for numbering and arranging books and pamphlets on the shelves.
The system we have in place now is a complete joke.
The system will be adjusted to what it is that you are allowed to see.
The system will be introduced after a pilot project.
The system will build on existing global systems to provide near real-time data on changes in the Earth's lands, oceans, atmosphere and biosphere through a single Web portal.
The system will go into operation in a short time.
The system worked well.
The system worked.
The system works exactly as intended.
The tabby is lying on my foot.
The tabby was sharp, and navigated his way around.
The tabernacle was the predecessor of the Temple.
The table I'm planning to give away is in the living room.
The table I'm trying to use is dirty so I'm looking for a tablecloth. Where is one? Could you give me one?
The table Tom and I moved was heavy.
The table and the bed stood in their former places.
The table at which I dined was close to the window.
The table can be placed over there for now.
The table cloth absorbs water.
The table cloth has a stain on it.
The table does not occupy much space.
The table doesn't have a soul.
The table doesn't have drawers.
The table doesn't take much room.
The table doesn't take up much room.
The table doesn't take up too much space.
The table doesn’t take much room.
The table fits here perfectly.
The table groaned with food.
The table had been covered with dust.
The table has been cleared.
The table has been set.
The table in that room is very nice.
The table in the diner had catsup, mustard, pepper, and salt.
The table in the musty room was covered with dust.
The table is a meter wide.
The table is a metre wide.
The table is askew, it's likely going to turn over soon.
The table is being scrubbed.
The table is broken because of you.
The table is broken, it must be repaired.
The table is broken.
The table is clean.
The table is covered with dust.
The table is covered with powder.
The table is dirty.
The table is full of fruits.
The table is full.
The table is green.
The table is in the center of the terrace.
The table is in the living room.
The table is in the room.
The table is large.
The table is long.
The table is made from imported wood.
The table is made from oak.
The table is made of wood.
The table is next to the fridge.
The table is not in the bedroom.
The table is now laid.
The table is painted brown.
The table is painted white.
The table is red.
The table is reserved.
The table is set for three.
The table is set.
The table is small but heavy.
The table is spread with all kinds of fruit.
The table is tidy.
The table is white.
The table is wide.
The table is wobbling.
The table is wobbly.
The table isn't clean.
The table isn't dirty.
The table legs were hard and sturdy.
The table legs were put on well by him.
The table looks dirty even after multiple cleanings.
The table of contents is at the end of the book.
The table of contents is in Berber.
The table only had one chair.
The table sits six people.
The table suddenly moved towards the door.
The table takes up a lot of space in this room.
The table top is made of solid oak.
The table was covered in dust.
The table was covered with dust.
The table was covered with paper.
The table was groaning with food.
The table was laden with a large range of food and drink.
The table was loaded with fruit.
The table was round.
The table was served with baked potatoes and seasoned chicken fillet.
The table was sticky with pancake syrup.
The table wobbles because its legs are unequal length.
The table's acrylic surface gleamed.
The table's not clean.
The tablecloth is green.
The tablecloth is in the cabinet.
The tablecloth is in the closet.
The tablecloth is in the cupboard.
The tablecloth on our dining room table is white.
The tables are empty.
The tables have turned and the surrender-monkeys are now those who then called others that way.
The tables have turned.
The tables in the room suddenly grew legs and started dancing the tango.
The tables were made three meters long.
The tablet went dark.
The tabletop is very sticky.
The tablets are swallowed with water.
The tablets took away my pain.
The tabloids love to slag off celebrities for the slightest misstep, often blowing things out of proportion.
The tactic worked.
The tactics worked.
The tactlessness she displayed was hardly believable.
The taiga ecosystem is the largest biome on Earth and is home to many species of coniferous trees.
The tail at the rear of the plane provides stability.
The tail feathers and wings are gray.
The tail is wagging its dog there.
The tail is wagging the dog.
The tail of a dinosaur has been found trapped in amber.
The tail of a fox is longer than that of a rabbit.
The tailback stretched all the way from the motorway to the city centre.
The tailor agreed to accompany him.
The tailor expertly sewed the fabric together.
The tailor hung the suit on the wardrobe.
The tailor makes the man.
The tailor thought that the garment fit perfectly, but the customer complained and said the garment was short and the fabric poor and coarse.
The tails of comets can reach 150 million kilometers in length!
The tails radiate from this asteroid like the spokes of a wheel, and dramatically change their structure every two weeks.
The tale has value in Kabylian culture.
The tale is a text which educates.
The tale is familiar to us.
The tale was corrupted.
The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have.
The talented acrobats performed flawlessly.
The talented comedian Danny Boon is a Kabyle.
The talented finance minister's ingenuity has helped his bankrupt nation to get out of the red.
The talented finance minister’s ingenuity has helped his bankrupt nation to get out of the red.
The talented young chess player is very bold. He deliberately lays himself open to attack, makes himself vulnerable and then checkmates his opponent when least expected.
The talisman he wears is to protect him from evil spirits.
The talisman he's wearing is supposed to ward off evil spirits.
The talisman he’s wearing is supposed to ward off evil spirits.
The talk between labor and management yielded no definite results.
The talk dragged on till three o'clock.
The talk dragged on till three o’clock.
The talk had to be cancelled because the speaker was taken ill.
The talk is over with you.
The talk lasted half an hour longer than expected.
The talk of "banning the word woman" is a sleight of hand for what reactionaries actually object to: introducing words that include trans men and nonbinary people.
The talk should begin soon.
The talk was peppered with scientific jargon that no one understood.
The talks continued for two days.
The talks have become bogged down.
The talks should begin soon.
The talks took place behind closed doors.
The talks were held behind closed doors.
The talks will deal with the problem of pollution.
The talks will last three days.
The tall girl picked up the small child.
The tall grass concealed the equipment.
The tall guy smoking a cigar over there is a famous director.
The tall house was covered with a thatched roof.
The tall man came out of the house.
The tall man is handsome.
The tall man laughed obnoxiously.
The tall man left in a hurry.
The tall man looked at Tom and smiled.
The tall man looked at her and smiled.
The tall man looked at him and smiled.
The tall man wears a black suit.
The tall man wears a tie.
The tall man wore a pink carnation in his lapel.
The tall mountains on the south side of the valley are blocking out the sun's rays.
The tall mountains on the south side of the valley are blocking the path of the sun.
The tall mountains on the south side of the valley block out the sun's rays.
The tall mountains on the south side of the valley block the path of the sun's rays.
The tall mountains on the south side of the valley block the path of the sun.
The tall prairie grasses waved under the deep blue sky.
The tall trees blocked out the sun.
The tall woman is beautiful.
The tall woman is listening to the brown horse.
The tall woman wears a gray suit.
The tall woman wears jeans.
The tall, curved fence was adorned with barbed wire, for extra measure.
The tall, dark and classically handsome actor was the epitome of urbane sophistication.
The taller a tree is, the harder it is to climb.
The taller of the two men went out first.
The taller of the two went out first.
The taller the tree, the more likely it is to be struck by lightning.
The tallest and smallest men in the world both joined the circus.
The tallest animal in the world is the giraffe.
The tallest building in the world is 829.8 meters tall.
The tallest mountain in the world is Mount Everest.
The tallest player in our team is also the slowest and least skilful.
The tamaraw is the largest mammal found in the Philippines.
The tamborim lends a very slightly uneven and highly distinctive 16th note groove to samba music.
The tan color of most sand beaches is the result of iron oxide, which tints quartz a light brown, and feldspar, which is brown to tan in its original form.
The tangerine is generally considered to be a subspecies of mandarin oranges.
The tangerine was delicious.
The tanginess of the balsamic vinegar in Benedito's salad is a great touch.
The tango was added to the Unesco list of intangible cultural heritage in 2009.
The tangy blue cheese paired perfectly with the crispness of the apple slices.
The tank appeared to attack the truck.
The tank can hold thirty gallons.
The tank can still attack.
The tank did not attack the trucks.
The tank fires faster.
The tank fled to a nearby village.
The tank got drone dropped.
The tank has a capacity of fifty-gallons.
The tank hasn't been emptied in a week.
The tank is almost empty; you should go to the petrol station.
The tank is almost full.
The tank is empty.
The tank is full.
The tank is not real.
The tank is still half full.
The tank is still out there.
The tank suddenly fired but it missed.
The tank vanished.
The tank was destroyed by the aliens.
The tank was empty.
The tank was just gone.
The tank was no longer there.
The tank was obliterating everything around it.
The tank was running low.
The tank will be protected by a stronger armor.
The tank's almost empty. You should go to the petrol station.
The tanker has a small crew.
The tanker has only a small crew on board.
The tanker was launched after the ceremony.
The tanks retreated and disappeared.
The tannery used to discharge effluent straight into the river.
The tannins in the water of the mangrove swamp give it a distinct brownish color.
The tans will fade, but the memories will last forever.
The taoiseach is talking to me.
The tap in the bathroom doesn't work.
The tap in the kitchen is dripping.
The tap is dripping.
The tap is leaking.
The tap is off.
The tap is running.
The tap was broken, so I wasn't able to use it.
The tap's dripping and needs a new washer.
The tape having been replayed, the referee conceded that the ball had crossed the line.
The tape is rolling.
The tape recorder has recorded his voice.
The tape recorder is a useful aid to teaching.
The tape recorder was lying on the table.
The tape recorder was on the table.
The tapestries depict scenes from mythological tales about gods and goddesses.
The tapestry is a little old.
The tapestry is old-fashioned.
The tapping came from a different direction.
The tapping got louder.
The tapping noise began again.
The tapping sound was coming from one of the rooms.
The tar softened from the heat.
The tar won't come off. I'm going to have to take this skirt to the dry cleaner.
The tar won’t come off. I’m going to have to take this skirt to the dry cleaner.
The tarantula gave Yanni a nasty bite.
The tarantula is arachnophobia personified.
The tarantula seized its victim very quickly.
The tarboosh, or fez, once a ubiquitous piece of headwear across the Middle East, has largely disappeared, but may be coming back in revised form.
The target audience of this show is white, middle-class tween girls.
The target date for membership is not being given.
The target is in sight.
The target is large and very worth it.
The target of both armies is to imprison the opponent's king.
The tarmac was cracked.
The tartar has to be removed.
The task absorbed all his energies.
The task assigned to him was to do marketing research.
The task awaiting me is not easy.
The task completed, they rested.
The task has been robbing him of all energy.
The task has robbed him of all energy.
The task is heavy for me.
The task is of great importance to them.
The task is simple.
The task is so difficult that I cannot accomplish it.
The task is too difficult for me.
The task isn't done.
The task isn't easy.
The task of establishing Utopia in the galaxy was not pursued without friction. Different kinds of races were apt to have different policies for the galaxy. Though war was by now unthinkable, the sort of strife which we know between individuals or associations within the same state was common. There was, for instance, a constant struggle between the planetary systems that were chiefly interested in the building of Utopia, those that were most concerned to make contact with other galaxies, and those whose main preoccupation was spiritual.
The task of philosophy is to discover the toilet long before it is needed.
The task of philosophy is to recover the totality obscured by the selection.
The task of seeing lines of play is easier, and errors are less likely if you are aware of the resources of the pieces.
The task proved to be very difficult for him.
The task robbed him of all energy.
The task stayed unsolved.
The task turned out to be too much for him.
The task was daunting.
The task was failed.
The task was total agony.
The task will be accomplished in a year.
The task's worth lies in the doing.
The task, although rather arduous, was not displeasing to me, for a residence of several years in Egypt had rendered me tolerably proficient in the Arabic language and colloquial dialect, and my prior travels in various parts of the Sudan had made me familiar with the habits of the natives, besides procuring me the acquaintance of many merchants from the more distant provinces.
The taskmasters had established the right to flog their slaves; they had dammed up the slowly rising waters of rebellion, but these rose to their level at last, and overflowed, and slavery is no more.
The tasks we were assigned are daunting, and the time frames for action ungenerous, but our staff never flinched in meeting our obligations.
The tassel on their bag broke.
The taste can be surprisingly refreshing.
The taste greatly resembles coffee.
The taste is delicious.
The taste is fine, but the texture is awful.
The taste of coercion is bitter and salty.
The taste of love is bitter.
The taste of sugar is too noticeable.
The taste of the first kiss remains vivid in my memory.
The taste of wine is largely dependent upon the weather.
The tasteless design sense of this resort seemed to extend to the clothing of these three guests.
The tatoeba.org language website was shut down temporarily for maintenance.
The tattered covers of Mary's copy of The Flowers of Evil showed that the book had been read and reread several times.
The tattoo was still on Ziri's chest.
The taunts at the end of the match failed to aggravate Tom.
The taunts of, "Hey, batter, batter!" didn't bother Tom; he still hit the ball over the fence.
The tavern was full of all manner of reprobate.
The tawny owl is a type of owl.
The tawny owl is one of the most common owls in Central Europe.
The tax agent allowed the deduction.
The tax bill was passed yesterday.
The tax bore hard on the peasantry.
The tax code includes important incentives to encourage Americans to use clean power in their homes or businesses—but unfortunately, there are 44 different incentives that overcomplicate things for the average taxpayer.
The tax code is too complex.
The tax cut is supposed to boost capital investment.
The tax hike has had a considerable impact on our lives.
The tax increases affected our lives a lot.
The tax increases affected our lives greatly.
The tax is burdensome for the companies.
The tax reform will not touch the banking industry.
The tax you pay is proportional to the income you have.
The taxes have been paid off.
The taxi I took was very old and small.
The taxi abruptly turned left.
The taxi arrived in good time.
The taxi arrived late.
The taxi came.
The taxi collided head-on with a dump truck and was badly crushed.
The taxi collided head-on with a dumpster truck and was badly crushed.
The taxi drew up to me.
The taxi driver blamed the accident on the truck driver.
The taxi driver couldn't take Mary's abuse anymore and left her at an abandoned factory.
The taxi driver demanded forty euros, because at night you have to pay double the fare.
The taxi driver drove me around the city.
The taxi driver drove so fast that Grandma nearly had a heart attack.
The taxi driver has an involvement in the robbery.
The taxi driver refused to take us to that part of town.
The taxi driver ripped me off.
The taxi drivers must know the shortest path to each point of the city.
The taxi fares in Shanghai are expensive.
The taxi guy wanted to rip me off.
The taxi has arrived.
The taxi is already at the hotel.
The taxi is here.
The taxi is more expensive than the bus.
The taxi is off duty.
The taxi is waiting outside.
The taxi left the city centre.
The taxi left the town centre.
The taxi picked up two passengers.
The taxi rank extended to the next block.
The taxi seemed to go as slowly as a snail.
The taxi stand is on 34th street.
The taxi stopped dead at the traffic signal.
The taxi turned around again.
The taxi was clean and well-kept.
The taxi will be here soon.
The taxi's here.
The taxonomic rank is a hierarchical level of the scientific classification of the organisms.
The tayberry is a cultivated cross between a blackberry and a raspberry.
The tea I drank at Tom's house yesterday was the best tea I've ever drunk.
The tea at my office isn't good, so I don't drink it.
The tea came at last, and Tuppence, rousing herself from a fit of meditation, poured it out.
The tea came at last.
The tea costs two euros.
The tea is boiling hot.
The tea is brewing.
The tea is cold.
The tea is getting cold due to the cold air.
The tea is hot.
The tea is in the teapot.
The tea is really bitter and doesn't taste good.
The tea is really bitter and doesn’t taste good.
The tea is really delicious.
The tea is scalding hot.
The tea is served.
The tea is so hot that I cannot drink it.
The tea is still hot.
The tea is sweet.
The tea is too cold to drink.
The tea is too cold.
The tea is too hot.
The tea is too strong.
The tea is too strong. Add a bit of water.
The tea is too strong. Add some water.
The tea is very bitter, and doesn't taste particularly good.
The tea is very hot.
The tea is very tasty.
The tea is warm.
The tea leaves all point to a merger, if you ask me.
The tea must brew for a while.
The tea set isn't complete.
The tea tree is a kind of camellia.
The tea was a little bit too hot.
The tea was barely warm.
The tea was served with scones, clotted cream and jam.
The tea was served with scones.
The tea was so hot I burned my tongue.
The tea was too strong.
The tea we had there was excellent.
The tea which had been ordered was brought up at the end of ten minutes; but the maid, as she approached the door, was surprised to hear the voices of her master and mistress in furious altercation.
The tea will be served at 4 p.m.
The tea will be served at four.
The tea will cool down if you do not drink it right away.
The tea you gave me was really good.
The tea's cold.
The tea's too cold.
The teacher I wrote to you about has not yet arrived.
The teacher accused Tom of cheating.
The teacher accused one of his students of being noisy in class.
The teacher acknowledged the pupil with a smile.
The teacher admonished his pupils for carelessness.
The teacher admonished us that we should be silent.
The teacher affirmed the decision of the student council.
The teacher allotted the longest chapter to me.
The teacher allowed him to go home.
The teacher allowed me to leave school early.
The teacher almost caught me copying. It would have been better for me to hide a cheat sheet under the desk.
The teacher also demonstrated with a stopwatch and a buzzer.
The teacher always brought along a long stick.
The teacher always thinks highly of the students who try to think, "Why?".
The teacher amused the pupils.
The teacher and I sat down face to face.
The teacher and I sat face to face.
The teacher and I sat facing each other.
The teacher and her partner took the people attending the wedding to a park.
The teacher and the principal took Ziri away.
The teacher and the pupils are in the museum.
The teacher and the students are at the art museum.
The teacher announced that Arabic Level 5 has been canceled for this term.
The teacher answers all our questions.
The teacher answers every question we ask.
The teacher apologized to the students.
The teacher approved his plan.
The teacher aroused our interest.
The teacher arranged a competition between her students to find and explain mistakes.
The teacher arranged a competition between his students to find and explain mistakes.
The teacher arrived.
The teacher as well as his students has come.
The teacher ascribed tremendous importance to this chapter.
The teacher asked Daniel to speak louder.
The teacher asked Rodrigo to do problem five on the board.
The teacher asked Tom to be quiet.
The teacher asked Tom to read his essay aloud.
The teacher asked Walid to wave the Algerian flag during the parade.
The teacher asked him, "What's the square root of 256?"
The teacher asked his pupils whether they had done their homework.
The teacher asked me a difficult question.
The teacher asked me how the moon differs from the earth.
The teacher asked me if I was ready, adding that everybody was waiting for me at the school gate.
The teacher asked me to read my paper in front of the class.
The teacher asked me to stand in the class, say my name and tell a little bit about myself.
The teacher asked me which book I liked.
The teacher asked the pupils if they'd done their homework.
The teacher asked the student to bring some chalk.
The teacher asked the students an open-ended question.
The teacher asked the students to draw their desks together into a semicircle.
The teacher asked the students to place their chairs in a semicircle.
The teacher asked the students to practice the dialogue in pairs.
The teacher asked the students to split off into groups of two or three.
The teacher asked us a few questions.
The teacher asked us some questions which none of us could answer.
The teacher asked us some questions, none of which we could answer.
The teacher asked us to be quiet.
The teacher asked us to clean our classroom every day.
The teacher asks the students a question.
The teacher assembled the students in the hall.
The teacher assented to our plan.
The teacher assigned a three-page theme for Friday's class.
The teacher assigned us ten problems for homework.
The teacher assuaged some work to every child.
The teacher became a soldier.
The teacher before me was very bad.
The teacher began to ask us questions.
The teacher began to bombard me with questions.
The teacher began to shoot questions at me.
The teacher blamed her for the mistake.
The teacher body-shamed me.
The teacher brought me a cake.
The teacher brought my video to the principal.
The teacher brought us to the museum and memorial tombs of World War II.
The teacher burst into tears.
The teacher called each student by name.
The teacher called me "fat."
The teacher called me stupid.
The teacher called me to her desk.
The teacher called me up.
The teacher called my mom.
The teacher called my parents.
The teacher called on Tom.
The teacher called on his student.
The teacher called on me.
The teacher called out all of our names.
The teacher called out to me in the hallway, and I was a little bit surprised
The teacher called the principal.
The teacher called the pupil over and demanded: “Did you finish the exercise?”
The teacher called the pupil to the blackboard.
The teacher called the roll in class.
The teacher called the roll.
The teacher called the students in alphabetical order.
The teacher called the students' names.
The teacher came behind us.
The teacher came in and the class started.
The teacher came in late.
The teacher came in.
The teacher can see you.
The teacher can show an example on the blackboard to clarify the type of answer expected.
The teacher can't control us.
The teacher can't have said such a thing.
The teacher caned the children if they misbehaved or were unable to recite their times tables.
The teacher cannot have said such a thing.
The teacher caught Tom cheating on a test.
The teacher caught Yanni sleeping in class.
The teacher caught Ziri looking at the picture of a naked woman.
The teacher caught a student cheating in the exam.
The teacher caught me sleeping during class.
The teacher caught the student cheating on the examination.
The teacher caught the student sleeping in class.
The teacher checked everyone's phone.
The teacher checks the class roster.
The teacher chided a student for not doing her homework.
The teacher claimed that he'd have us all speaking fluent French in three months.
The teacher collected our homework.
The teacher collected the papers.
The teacher comes from Salavan.
The teacher compared my poem with a fellow student's.
The teacher compared my poem with one of his.
The teacher complimented our son.
The teacher concluded that Tom would pass the exam.
The teacher confirmed that nothing happened.
The teacher confiscated Tom's and Mary's phones because they were caught texting in class.
The teacher confiscated Tom's cellphone.
The teacher confiscated Tom's phone because he was caught texting in class.
The teacher confiscated Tom's phone when she caught him texting in class.
The teacher confiscated Tom's phone.
The teacher confiscated a student's phone because he was texting in class.
The teacher confiscated the note and read it aloud in front of the entire class.
The teacher congratulated them.
The teacher considers the pupil the best in the class.
The teacher considers the student the best in the class.
The teacher contemplated me for a while.
The teacher controls the class, usually standing in front of the students and lecturing to them during the lesson.
The teacher corrected the composition that I had prepared.
The teacher corrects our exercises.
The teacher could walk in any minute.
The teacher couldn't understand what I intended to say.
The teacher criticised my exam.
The teacher criticized his students' compositions.
The teacher criticized his students’ compositions.
The teacher declined to let the lazy boy attend his class.
The teacher demonstrated many experiments in physics.
The teacher demonstrated many physics experiments.
The teacher demonstrated the idea with an experiment.
The teacher did not permit the students to leave the lecture hall.
The teacher didn't believe us.
The teacher didn't choose me.
The teacher didn't come because there was an accident.
The teacher didn't come.
The teacher didn't do her justice.
The teacher didn't do that to anybody else.
The teacher didn't give us any homework.
The teacher didn't keep her word.
The teacher didn't keep his word.
The teacher didn't know what to say.
The teacher didn't let the students ask any questions.
The teacher didn't mind explaining the problem again.
The teacher didn't permit me to leave early.
The teacher didn't really give a fuck.
The teacher didn't receive my test.
The teacher didn't see me.
The teacher didn't take attendance.
The teacher didn't talk to me.
The teacher didn’t do her justice.
The teacher didn’t let the students ask any questions.
The teacher didn’t mind explaining the problem again.
The teacher didn’t permit me to leave early.
The teacher dismissed his class when the bell rang.
The teacher distributed the handouts to the students.
The teacher distributed the leaflets.
The teacher distributed the question papers.
The teacher divided the class into smaller groups for the activity.
The teacher divided the students into three groups.
The teacher doesn't even know my name.
The teacher doesn't know anything. Every time I ask him he's not able to answer.
The teacher doesn't teach.
The teacher doesn’t know whether the kids are sleeping or awake.
The teacher drew diagrams on the board.
The teacher dropped Tom's lowest score.
The teacher easily loses his temper with the students.
The teacher eats less bread than the physician.
The teacher emphasised how important education is.
The teacher emphasized the importance of education.
The teacher encouraged me during my studies.
The teacher encouraged me to read, write and speak.
The teacher encouraged me to study abroad.
The teacher encouraged the students with praise.
The teacher ended up failing me.
The teacher ended up getting in trouble for it.
The teacher enjoyed talking with some of the graduates.
The teacher entered the class.
The teacher enters and the students fall silent.
The teacher excused me for being late for class.
The teacher excused me from the examination.
The teacher exhorted his pupils to do well.
The teacher expelled the pupil from school.
The teacher experienced a burnout.
The teacher explained his theory using pictures.
The teacher explained the difference between the sentences "We all know Tom is guilty" and "All that we know is that Tom is guilty."
The teacher explained the lesson clearly.
The teacher explained the math problem.
The teacher explained the meaning of the word to us.
The teacher explained the new lesson at length to the students.
The teacher explained to us the meaning of the poem.
The teacher expressed concerns about your academic performance.
The teacher favored that girl.
The teacher fell asleep in class and started snoring loudly.
The teacher fell in love with the student.
The teacher finished today's lesson.
The teacher finished today’s lesson.
The teacher found a pupil cheating in the examination.
The teacher found it difficult to get his meaning across to the students.
The teacher frowned and looked around the classroom.
The teacher gathered his students around him.
The teacher gave John a prize.
The teacher gave Tom extra homework.
The teacher gave Tom permission to do what he wanted.
The teacher gave Ziri a D.
The teacher gave Ziri awesome grades on every test.
The teacher gave Ziri bad marks.
The teacher gave Ziri detention again.
The teacher gave a brief explanation.
The teacher gave a presentation on the history of France.
The teacher gave a very boring lecture.
The teacher gave her a lot of information about the university.
The teacher gave her much information about the university.
The teacher gave her pupils a stern telling-off.
The teacher gave her pupils a tongue-lashing.
The teacher gave him a failing grade for basing his report on discredited research.
The teacher gave his pupils a stern telling-off.
The teacher gave his pupils a tongue-lashing.
The teacher gave his pupils homework.
The teacher gave homework to his pupils.
The teacher gave in to the students' demands.
The teacher gave me a detention.
The teacher gave me a good critique on my project.
The teacher gave me a hug.
The teacher gave me a lot of homework.
The teacher gave me a smile.
The teacher gave me detention in a detention room.
The teacher gave me detention with him during his lunch.
The teacher gave me full marks for math.
The teacher gave me the ugliest look.
The teacher gave no homework.
The teacher gave out the test papers after the bell rang.
The teacher gave the pupils a copy of the newspaper.
The teacher gave us a copy of the syllabus in the first class.
The teacher gave us a lot of homework.
The teacher gave us another pop quiz.
The teacher gave us homework.
The teacher gave us projects to work on.
The teacher gave us some really interesting projects.
The teacher gave way to the students' demand.
The teacher gave way to the students’ demand.
The teacher got Tom to recite the times tables, which he did effortlessly and flawlessly.
The teacher got involved.
The teacher got pregnant and she left for most of the year.
The teacher got quite well again.
The teacher got up from his desk.
The teacher got well again.
The teacher grades easily.
The teacher granted me permission to go home early.
The teacher had a bad cold.
The teacher had a blue pen in his hand.
The teacher had a cold demeanor.
The teacher had a negative image of me.
The teacher had her eye on me because she thought I was cheating.
The teacher had roses on her desk.
The teacher had to evaluate all the students.
The teacher had to take it out with tweezers.
The teacher handed a rubric for the assignment to the students.
The teacher handed back last week's Berber exam.
The teacher handed out some useful learning materials among the pupils.
The teacher handed out some useful learning materials to the pupils.
The teacher handed out the brochures.
The teacher handed out the tests.
The teacher handed the student a copy of the newspaper.
The teacher handles his pupils well.
The teacher has a great influence on his pupils.
The teacher has a loud, clear voice.
The teacher has always been easy to consult with.
The teacher has committed to translating your short story from Kabyle to Shawiya.
The teacher has given Mary permission to do whatever she wants.
The teacher has given Tom and Mary permission to do whatever they want.
The teacher has given Tom permission to do whatever he wants.
The teacher has marked his name absent.
The teacher has never made fun of the students' mistakes.
The teacher has no authority over her students.
The teacher has no authority over his students.
The teacher has no authority with his students.
The teacher has something to tell Ziri.
The teacher has the students repeat the vocabulary items.
The teacher has the text read aloud.
The teacher has three times as many books as I do.
The teacher has weird habits.
The teacher hated me.
The teacher hated my guts.
The teacher helped Matthew straighten out his understanding of a difficult math concept.
The teacher illustrated his theory with pictures.
The teacher immediately stopped Melissa and introduced himself as Mr. Edmundo.
The teacher insisted that I should study in college.
The teacher instructed us to go to the back of the room.
The teacher insulted me.
The teacher interpreted a passage from the poem.
The teacher interpreted the passage of the poem.
The teacher interpreted the sentence for us.
The teacher interrupted the class and she came up to us.
The teacher intervened in the quarrel between the two students.
The teacher intervened in the row between the two pupils.
The teacher is Canadian.
The teacher is Chinese.
The teacher is a Canadian.
The teacher is a woman.
The teacher is allowing calculators to be used in the exam.
The teacher is always finding fault with his students.
The teacher is an inspiration to his pupils.
The teacher is an inspiration to his students.
The teacher is angry, so please do not make noise in the classroom!
The teacher is attractive.
The teacher is busy looking over our tests.
The teacher is busy looking over the examination papers.
The teacher is busy marking papers.
The teacher is coming along.
The teacher is coming in.
The teacher is counted as the best dresser in our school.
The teacher is counted the best dresser in our school.
The teacher is cute.
The teacher is entering the classroom.
The teacher is explaining the subject matter to his students.
The teacher is fresh from college.
The teacher is fresh from university.
The teacher is friendly.
The teacher is going to start learning English this year.
The teacher is going to the school.
The teacher is happy.
The teacher is in charge of the third year class.
The teacher is in charge of the third-year class.
The teacher is likely to get angry with the students.
The teacher is looked up to by the pupils.
The teacher is not quite as bad as they make her out to be.
The teacher is on the phone.
The teacher is over there.
The teacher is reading a book.
The teacher is right.
The teacher is sitting on a chair.
The teacher is sitting on the chair.
The teacher is so attractive.
The teacher is standing with a vase.
The teacher is strict with his students.
The teacher is supervising her students.
The teacher is talking.
The teacher is teaching me to read.
The teacher is teaching.
The teacher is the one who gets the most out of the lessons, and the true teacher is the learner.
The teacher is unfriendly.
The teacher is very bad, but he is very crazy.
The teacher is with the head teacher.
The teacher is with the headmaster.
The teacher is with the school principal.
The teacher is writing in his office.
The teacher is writing something on the board.
The teacher isn't here yet.
The teacher joked that she was 90 years old.
The teacher just doesn't care.
The teacher just kept screaming.
The teacher kept an electric pencil sharpener in the classroom for when students needed to sharpen their pencils.
The teacher kept me after class.
The teacher kicked Tom out of class.
The teacher kicked her out of class.
The teacher kicked me out of class.
The teacher kicked us out of class.
The teacher knew Pedro hadn't done his homework.
The teacher knew that I knew that she knew that I cheated.
The teacher laid down some rules of good behaviour.
The teacher laughed loudly when he heard the student's wrong answer.
The teacher laughed.
The teacher led Tom to the treasures but Tom had no guides once he located them.
The teacher led the class in singing a song.
The teacher left quickly.
The teacher left the class for a moment.
The teacher let him go home.
The teacher let me go to the bathroom.
The teacher let me off for being late.
The teacher let the boy go home.
The teacher let the kids misbehave.
The teacher let us out really early.
The teacher lets students use a calculator on the exam.
The teacher liked me.
The teacher likes to randomize the seating every month so that the students get to sit next to new people.
The teacher lined the children up in order of height.
The teacher listened attentively to my explanation.
The teacher listened to me.
The teacher literally body-shamed me.
The teacher looked Yanni's way.
The teacher looked around the classroom and started to talk.
The teacher looked for the walking-stick.
The teacher looked over the exam papers.
The teacher looked over the examination papers.
The teacher looked over the papers.
The teacher lost his job because he cruelly berated students who made mistakes.
The teacher lost my test.
The teacher loved Layla and kissed her ass.
The teacher lowered me down to sit on the ground.
The teacher lulled us into thinking that we had won.
The teacher made Dmitri and Rima switch places.
The teacher made Tom sit in the corner because he misbehaved.
The teacher made all of his female students fall in love with him.
The teacher made fun of Tom in front of the entire class.
The teacher made fun of Tom in front of the whole class.
The teacher made fun of Tom.
The teacher made fun of me.
The teacher made him stay after school.
The teacher made me cry.
The teacher made me repeat the sentence.
The teacher made me speak in Berber.
The teacher made me stand in the corner.
The teacher made me uncomfortable.
The teacher made the last question really hard.
The teacher made the students do a lot of homework.
The teacher made the students learn the long English poem by heart.
The teacher made us repeat the word.
The teacher makes it difficult to go to the bathroom.
The teacher makes them doze off in class.
The teacher marched Ziri straight to the principal's office.
The teacher marked him down as absent.
The teacher marvelled at my response.
The teacher may also choose some melody free from accidentals and play it slowly while the student notates.
The teacher may say nothing, grading the students on how much they participate, what they add to the discussion, and their leadership of it.
The teacher mentioned offhandedly that there would be a test next week, but didn't indicate that it would be an important one.
The teacher messaged me back.
The teacher mixed up our names.
The teacher never called my parents.
The teacher never talked to me.
The teacher never works on Sundays.
The teacher noted several mistakes in my recitation.
The teacher of German looked like a German woman.
The teacher of that class was a Muslim convert.
The teacher of the kindergarten told the pupils to respect, and cherish each other.
The teacher of yesteryear allowed intelligent students to express themselves: he often spent his time only giving advice. He was like the person responsible for the distribution of irrigation water in the villages: he only channelled the water to the right recipient.
The teacher often emphasizes that students should have courage.
The teacher often praises Tom, but rarely praises Mary, although she is a good student.
The teacher often praises the student.
The teacher omitted the exercise on page 21 of the book.
The teacher once suggested to Emma that they should have a child together.
The teacher opened Daniel’s desk and found a sandwich inside.
The teacher opened the box and took out a ball.
The teacher opened the door.
The teacher ordered the classroom to be cleaned.
The teacher ordered the students to gather around the big tree.
The teacher organized a meeting between William's and Sandra's clubs.
The teacher overheard it.
The teacher paired Gabor with Martha.
The teacher particularly emphasized that point.
The teacher patted me on the back.
The teacher permitted him to go home.
The teacher permitted the boy to go home.
The teacher picked up the yardstick and measured.
The teacher placed the book on the table.
The teacher played a video for the students.
The teacher played music using a recorder.
The teacher pled guilty.
The teacher pointed her finger at me and asked me to come with her.
The teacher pointed her finger at me and asked me to go with her.
The teacher pointed his finger at me and asked me to follow him.
The teacher pointed out several mistakes in my English composition.
The teacher pointed out the grammatical errors made by the students.
The teacher pointed out the pupil's mistakes.
The teacher pointed out the pupils' mistakes.
The teacher pointed out the pupil’s mistakes.
The teacher pointed out the student's mistakes.
The teacher pointed out the students' mistakes.
The teacher pointed out your mistakes.
The teacher pointed to the blackboard.
The teacher pokes his nose into everything.
The teacher praised Tom.
The teacher praised me for working very hard.
The teacher praised our son.
The teacher praised the boy for his honesty.
The teacher pulled me aside and told me I needed to go to the dean's office.
The teacher pulled me off Sami.
The teacher punished Ziri for hitting Walid.
The teacher punished everyone.
The teacher punished her students for using bad words.
The teacher pushed him for an answer.
The teacher pushed me away.
The teacher put Tom on the spot.
The teacher put a comment on each paper.
The teacher put a mark next to his name to show that he was absent.
The teacher put a short comment on each paper.
The teacher put a student on the spot.
The teacher put down the chalk.
The teacher put on a crown of flowers made by her pupils.
The teacher put on a crown of flowers which was made by her pupils.
The teacher puts up an argument about pollution for the students.
The teacher quizzed his pupils on English.
The teacher ran up the stairs.
The teacher rapped her cane on the wooden desk, and there was dead silence.
The teacher rarely praises the student.
The teacher read a passage from the Bible to the class.
The teacher read out each sentence separately.
The teacher read out every sentence separately.
The teacher read the book.
The teacher reads the book.
The teacher realized Ziri wasn't normal.
The teacher really liked me.
The teacher recommended that I read Shakespeare.
The teacher recommended this dictionary to us.
The teacher referred to young Tom as a “tabula rasa”.
The teacher released me.
The teacher reminded us to study hard for the test.
The teacher repeatedly urged Ziri to read.
The teacher reported me for skipping.
The teacher reprimanded Tom.
The teacher requested to see my parents.
The teacher requested to see one of my parents.
The teacher ridiculed him for speaking in Berber.
The teacher rolled the TV into the classroom.
The teacher said I'm a smart kid.
The teacher said Mary was a well-balanced child who got on well at school.
The teacher said he did not know the answer to my question.
The teacher said he lost my test.
The teacher said he was going to fail her.
The teacher said it's all right to do that now.
The teacher said that World War II broke out in 1939.
The teacher said that he didn't know the answer to my question.
The teacher said that he wouldn't give us an exam this week.
The teacher said that he wouldn’t give us an exam this week.
The teacher said that no one knew the answer to the question I asked.
The teacher said that she doesn't know the answer to my question.
The teacher said that the earth is round.
The teacher said that we are the future of our home country.
The teacher said that we are the future of the fatherland.
The teacher said that we must memorize these idioms.
The teacher said that you need to master the subject.
The teacher said that.
The teacher said to everyone: "Our wedding is starting now."
The teacher said to me, "Get out!"
The teacher said we had to learn all these expressions by heart.
The teacher said, "Above all, what is necessary for success is perseverance."
The teacher said, "Please review chapters 3 through 11 for the upcoming quiz."
The teacher said, "That's all for today."
The teacher said, "That’s all for today."
The teacher said: "Above all, what is necessary for success is perseverance."
The teacher said: "Let's set off right now."
The teacher said: "Let’s set off right now."
The teacher said: "Of course, it's possible".
The teacher said: "Of course."
The teacher said: "What is necessary for success, above all, is perseverance."
The teacher sat on my desk.
The teacher sat on the chair.
The teacher saw me naked.
The teacher saw me.
The teacher saw somebody copying on the test.
The teacher saw someone copying on the test.
The teacher saw them passing notes.
The teacher says I'm a smart kid.
The teacher scolded Tom.
The teacher scolded her class for being noisy.
The teacher scolded his students severely.
The teacher scolded me for being late.
The teacher scolded me for not paying attention in class.
The teacher scolded the student for no reason.
The teacher sent Sami another worksheet to do.
The teacher sent me to find out if you had chalk.
The teacher set homework for his pupils.
The teacher severely reprimanded her pupils.
The teacher severely reprimanded his pupils.
The teacher shook his head.
The teacher should be very patient with her students.
The teacher shouted at me.
The teacher showed love to all of the students.
The teacher showed us how to use a computer.
The teacher singled out Tanaka for praise.
The teacher sits on the chair.
The teacher skipped the exercise on page 21.
The teacher slapped my ass.
The teacher smiled at me.
The teacher smiled smugly and sent Donald to the principal's office.
The teacher snapped and Sami snapped back.
The teacher sounded like he was my father.
The teacher speaks good French, not to mention English.
The teacher speaks quietly.
The teacher speaks softly.
The teacher split the students into groups.
The teacher spoke about the courage of the Romans.
The teacher spoke in Berber.
The teacher spoke too fast for us to understand.
The teacher spoke with the remaining students.
The teacher squinted his eyes.
The teacher started class immediately after entering the classroom.
The teacher started hitting Layla's head against the blackboard.
The teacher started missing school a lot.
The teacher started quizzing Robert on the spot.
The teacher started rubbing my stomach.
The teacher started talking about something that happened ten years ago.
The teacher started to become mean.
The teacher started treating me differently.
The teacher stepped in before the two students could come to blows over the broken smart phone.
The teacher stepped out of the classroom.
The teacher stole the child's fossil discovery.
The teacher stood at the centre of the group.
The teacher stood before the class.
The teacher stood in the middle of the group.
The teacher stopped all of us.
The teacher stressed the importance of daily practice.
The teacher stressed the importance of education.
The teacher stressed the importance of taking notes.
The teacher submitted a request for more funds.
The teacher suggested that we go to the library to study.
The teacher summarised again the most important points.
The teacher summarised the most important parts as always.
The teacher summoned Sami's mother to the school.
The teacher supervising the playground became concerned when she saw a man talking to some of the children over the school fence.
The teacher suspected the student was cheating.
The teacher sympathized with me.
The teacher talked about mathematical theories.
The teacher talked on and on.
The teacher talked to us one to one about it.
The teacher taught lessons to her students all day long.
The teacher taught me that.
The teacher taught that.
The teacher taught them that the earth is round.
The teacher taught us that we should always do our best.
The teacher teaches children.
The teacher teaches the student.
The teacher teaches the students.
The teacher teaches the useful phrases.
The teacher teaches, we learn.
The teacher teaches.
The teacher tells us to clean our classroom every day.
The teacher thought I was cheating.
The teacher thought Tom and I were cheating.
The teacher threw a textbook at my head.
The teacher threw me out of the classroom.
The teacher told Mary to be quiet.
The teacher told Mary to hold her tongue.
The teacher told Mary to shut up.
The teacher told Tom his essay was well written.
The teacher told Tom that he couldn't give him anything higher than a C.
The teacher told Tom that he couldn’t give him anything higher than a C.
The teacher told Tom to be quiet.
The teacher told Tom to shut up.
The teacher told Ziri and Rima to team up.
The teacher told a pupil off for not doing her homework.
The teacher told her to rewrite the essay.
The teacher told him not to forget his books.
The teacher told him to rewrite his essay.
The teacher told him to rewrite the essay.
The teacher told him to study English hard.
The teacher told his pupils not to forget that lesson.
The teacher told me that Hitler killed himself.
The teacher told me that I got it wrong.
The teacher told me that I should get my hair cut.
The teacher told me that I should have my hair cut.
The teacher told me that I'm the worst student in the class.
The teacher told me to be disciplined, because I did not pay attention.
The teacher told me to stand up.
The teacher told me to study harder.
The teacher told my child they were a boy. I refuse to accept this imposition of cisgender ideology, as children are not old enough to have a gender.
The teacher told my children he would be in Moscow tomorrow.
The teacher told the boy not to make noise.
The teacher told the kids to be quiet.
The teacher told the pupils to put those words down in their notebooks.
The teacher told the pupils to write those words down in their notebooks.
The teacher told the students not to play at school.
The teacher told the students to pair up.
The teacher told them not to swim in the river.
The teacher told them to stop fighting.
The teacher told us a funny story.
The teacher told us that Columbus discovered America in 1492.
The teacher told us that over and over again.
The teacher told us that we couldn't eat in the classroom.
The teacher told us to all go outside.
The teacher told us to be quiet.
The teacher told us to stop chattering.
The teacher took attendance.
The teacher took forever to answer this question.
The teacher took me to the medical room.
The teacher took my phone away.
The teacher took notice of the student's mistake.
The teacher took notice of the student’s mistake.
The teacher took off the fifth calendar page.
The teacher took part in the children's games.
The teacher took part in the children’s games.
The teacher took roll call.
The teacher took the register.
The teacher treated all the students fairly.
The teacher tried to accustom the children to school.
The teacher tried to interest the students in current events.
The teacher tripped over the cord.
The teacher turned around.
The teacher turned out to be ill.
The teacher turned out to be sick.
The teacher underlined the importance of daily exercises.
The teacher urged the students to answer more clearly.
The teacher walked around the room.
The teacher walked by her.
The teacher walked in and everyone ran to their seats.
The teacher walked in on me.
The teacher walked in.
The teacher walked into the class.
The teacher wanted me to go down to her office.
The teacher wanted to know why we hadn't done the exercises.
The teacher wanted to know why we hadn't done those exercises.
The teacher wanted to know why we hadn’t done the exercises.
The teacher wants to do away with cheating on tests in school.
The teacher wants us to divide the work on this project.
The teacher warned me not to be late for school.
The teacher warned us that the exam would be hard.
The teacher warned us that the exam would probably be complicated.
The teacher warned us that the test would be difficult.
The teacher warned us that the test would be hard.
The teacher was a bitch.
The teacher was about to finish the useless discussion when his face was hit by a blow from a pupil's fist.
The teacher was acting weird.
The teacher was also a female.
The teacher was always serious.
The teacher was angry with me.
The teacher was before the class.
The teacher was behind me.
The teacher was being rude.
The teacher was bullying me until I cried.
The teacher was cool and understanding.
The teacher was correcting our homework.
The teacher was crying.
The teacher was deluged with questions.
The teacher was disappointed at my answer.
The teacher was far away.
The teacher was far from satisfied with the result.
The teacher was fired.
The teacher was giving us the answers.
The teacher was going around the room.
The teacher was gone.
The teacher was handing out some useful learning materials to the pupils.
The teacher was having her lunch.
The teacher was hit by a projectile.
The teacher was holding me.
The teacher was hovering around me.
The teacher was ignoring me.
The teacher was immediately at work correcting that day's test.
The teacher was immediately at work correcting that day’s test.
The teacher was impatient with the idle fellow.
The teacher was jealous of my art skills.
The teacher was kind to all of her students.
The teacher was listening.
The teacher was looking at me in utter shock.
The teacher was mad.
The teacher was making fun of me.
The teacher was making the students to watch the school play.
The teacher was over 2 meters tall and could easily put his hands on the ceiling.
The teacher was particularly impressed by Mary's perfect, accent-free French.
The teacher was picking on me specifically.
The teacher was pregnant and she went on maternity leave.
The teacher was pretty rude.
The teacher was probably in his mid-fifties.
The teacher was purposely spying on us all naked.
The teacher was quite candid about my chances of entering Tokyo University.
The teacher was reading the book.
The teacher was really upset and threw Johnny out of class.
The teacher was right there.
The teacher was rude to me already.
The teacher was rude.
The teacher was screaming at me.
The teacher was screaming to the nurse to come and help me.
The teacher was shaking her head.
The teacher was shocked.
The teacher was sitting at her desk.
The teacher was sitting at his desk.
The teacher was so mean he yelled at children until they cried.
The teacher was so mean.
The teacher was so nice.
The teacher was speaking about the virtue of the Romans.
The teacher was standing near me.
The teacher was still a bitch.
The teacher was still holding me.
The teacher was still talking to me.
The teacher was surprised at the extent of his knowledge.
The teacher was surrounded by her pupils.
The teacher was surrounded by her students.
The teacher was surrounded by his students.
The teacher was talking.
The teacher was threatening us.
The teacher was trying to date a student.
The teacher was trying to open the door.
The teacher was very angry.
The teacher was very bad.
The teacher was very cool with me.
The teacher was very fair when she marked our exams.
The teacher was worried about me.
The teacher was worried by Tom's frequent absence from class.
The teacher was worried by Tom's frequent absences from class.
The teacher was worried by Tom’s frequent absence from class.
The teacher was worried by Tom’s frequent absences from class.
The teacher was worried by her frequent absence from class.
The teacher was worried by his frequent absence from class.
The teacher was worried by his frequent absences from class.
The teacher was yelling at a child.
The teacher wasn't happy about it.
The teacher wasn't paying much attention to the class.
The teacher welcomed the new students.
The teacher welcomed the pupils.
The teacher went around the class.
The teacher went around the room.
The teacher went back to his desk.
The teacher went on talking for two hours.
The teacher went through my purse.
The teacher went to Sami's table.
The teacher who is speaking to you is a very experienced one.
The teacher who substituted for professor Rosa is from Argentina.
The teacher will call us when he's ready.
The teacher will call us when he’s ready.
The teacher will get angry for sure.
The teacher will give him a passing grade if he shows effort.
The teacher will illustrate how to do it.
The teacher will mark the exams tomorrow.
The teacher will write the text of the task on the board.
The teacher won't be able to see the book.
The teacher won't let us go to the bathroom unless we give him a hug.
The teacher wore a harsh expression on his face.
The teacher works in a high school.
The teacher would always give me detention.
The teacher would always give me those dirty looks.
The teacher would only allow us to speak French in the classroom.
The teacher would yell at you if you ever look away.
The teacher wouldn't allow us to speak French in the classroom.
The teacher writes on the blackboard.
The teacher writes on the board.
The teacher wrote English sentences on the blackboard.
The teacher wrote French words on the blackboard.
The teacher wrote a good number of sentences on the whiteboard.
The teacher wrote a math problem on the board.
The teacher wrote a short comment on each student's paper.
The teacher wrote a short comment on each student’s paper.
The teacher wrote his name on the blackboard.
The teacher wrote on the whiteboard with a permanent marker.
The teacher wrote something on the blackboard in a language I didn't know.
The teacher wrote something on the blackboard, but it was too small for me to read.
The teacher wrote something on the blackboard.
The teacher wrote the answer with chalk on the blackboard.
The teacher wrote the new words on the board.
The teacher wrote the question on the chalkboard.
The teacher yelled and yelled and yelled.
The teacher yelled at me.
The teacher yelled until I broke down in tears in front of everyone.
The teacher's body was right next to the door.
The teacher's face was bright red.
The teacher's method of teaching is so outmoded.
The teacher's nails scratched the chalkboard and we all cringed.
The teacher's name is Mr. Jackson.
The teacher's name was Mr Grey.
The teacher's name was Mr. Grey.
The teacher's pronunciation is almost perfect.
The teacher's sensible approach to discipline helped create a positive and respectful classroom environment.
The teacher's talk stimulates Mary to study harder.
The teacher's words put Mary in a cold sweat.
The teacher's words were still borne in her mind.
The teacher's work is teaching.
The teacher's young daughter was a beautiful blonde with big blue eyes.
The teacher, Skura Amzil, studied in Algeria.
The teacher, a Frenchman, will not say a word until the end.
The teacher, not having heard the bell, did not stop talking.
The teacher, not having heard the bell, didn't stop talking.
The teacher, not having heard the bell, didn’t stop talking.
The teacher, waving his hand, called to me.
The teacher, without hearing the bell, didn't stop talking.
The teachers and children hate me, and I hate them too. Why do I have to go to school?
The teachers are all continuing to teach despite the immense pressure.
The teachers are playing games with students in the kindergarten.
The teachers are standing there.
The teachers are teaching again. The strike is over.
The teachers are teaching.
The teachers are trying to motivate their students.
The teachers assembled their classes in the gymnasium.
The teachers ate lunch with the students.
The teachers believe in me.
The teachers believe me.
The teachers comes into the classroom.
The teachers could not decide where to build the new schoolhouse.
The teachers debated the problem with the parents.
The teachers didn't care. They weren't interested in us. They just wanted us out of their hair.
The teachers didn't just impart knowledge to us; they also taught us how to think.
The teachers enters the classroom.
The teachers greeted the children.
The teachers greeted the little boy.
The teachers greeted the little boys.
The teachers had lunch with the students.
The teachers have their own lunch area.
The teachers here are so friendly.
The teachers knew about it.
The teachers looked at each other, astonished.
The teachers looked at her, surprised.
The teachers ordered them to stop fighting.
The teachers teach all day long.
The teachers teach.
The teachers welcomed the students by waving small Danish flags.
The teachers were divided on the issue.
The teachers will travel to Germany.
The teachers won't approve phytochemical researches any more.
The teachers wouldn't stand for their students' behavior.
The teachers' lounge is in the back corner of the school.
The teachers' room and the gym are being renovated.
The teachers' room and the gym are under renovation.
The teacher’s name was Mr Grey.
The teacher’s talk stimulates Mary to study harder.
The teacher’s words put Mary in a cold sweat.
The teacher’s words were still borne in her mind.
The teaching is done in the Berber language.
The teaching of humanities in Chile leaves much to be desired.
The teachings of Mahatma Gandhi on non-violence and peace continue to resonate globally.
The teacup fell down and shattered.
The teacup was almost translucent.
The teak is a deciduous tree that can grow to a height of 40 metres.
The team also includes Gunter.
The team announced Monday that head coach Bruce Arians will bring in Jen Welter to coach the Cardinals's linebacker unit during the upcoming training camp and preseason as an intern, or apprentice.
The team approved his proposal.
The team are still feeling the effects of last weekend's difficult match.
The team behind NASA’s InSight Mars lander has come up with an innovative way to boost the spacecraft’s energy at a time when its power levels have been falling.
The team built the house from recycled steel containers and pallets.
The team captain led the players onto the field.
The team carried out the project.
The team celebrated their hard-earned victory together.
The team changed tactics in the second half.
The team conceded a goal after twenty minutes.
The team excavates carefully for the archaeologists.
The team faced a serious hurdle.
The team failed to learn from previous mistakes.
The team felt completely wrecked after the last-minute loss.
The team found that it could do its job using multiple video conferences and messaging apps.
The team had a great performance.
The team had advantage over their opponents.
The team had potential, waiting to be unlocked.
The team had to forfeit the match due to lack of players.
The team had trained and prepared for weeks and was ready to kick butt on the football field.
The team has good players.
The team has to win tomorrow's match.
The team have to raise their game if they want to win the match.
The team in green have lost.
The team included forensic pathologist Fadil Sadiq.
The team is an effective blend of warhorses and young bucks.
The team is investigating the death of a man who police say crashed his car into a tree.
The team is only as strong as its weakest member.
The team is owned by Tom Jackson.
The team is playing at MaracanÃ£ stadium.
The team is playing at Maracanã stadium.
The team is ready for the match.
The team is trained daily.
The team is up for the game.
The team kept a clean sheet.
The team lacked mobility.
The team learned from its previous mistakes.
The team left at eight.
The team lost all games.
The team needed a change in dynamics.
The team needs a new captain.
The team needs me.
The team needs more skillful players.
The team needs to define the scope of the project by Monday.
The team needs you.
The team normally plays a few friendly matches before the start of the season.
The team of choreographers labored over designing a routine.
The team of researchers recorded the springtime soundscape of northern Alaska for five sequential years.
The team of workers was led by Carlos, who served as the foreman.
The team owner and the coach are not happy with his pronouncement.
The team paid a courtesy visit to the local community center.
The team placed food behind a fence the chimpanzees could get if they worked together to pull two or three sets of levers.
The team played hard because the championship of the state was at stake.
The team played really well.
The team played so poorly that their fans booed them after the game.
The team pulled off a remarkable victory.
The team put up a great performance at the show last night.
The team recently reported that it had produced hairs that have two hundred times the sticking power of natural gecko hairs.
The team reported that the genetically engineered basmati rice was able to survive in salty soil, at low temperatures and during dry periods.
The team said the central structure of the nanotubes contains rings called cyclic peptides.
The team shares the opinion of their captain.
The team spirit was unbelievable, we were all in this together.
The team sucks anyway.
The team that played better won the football match.
The team that the players hate to play against is Galatasaray.
The team then was able to find the first evidence of a common amphibious forefather of modern sea cows, hyraxes and elephants that lived 65 million years ago in shallow African waters.
The team took a break from training this week.
The team took the loss of the game lightly.
The team understands that.
The team used X-ray technology to map and examine daguerreotype plates from the 19th century. The process is designed to identify the levels and position of mercury particles on the plates.
The team used machine learning, a form of artificial intelligence that trains computers to make decisions based on general patterns without explicitly programming them.
The team waited.
The team wanted the coach fired for his abusive behavior.
The team was complete.
The team was divided into smaller groups.
The team was filled with the love of championship.
The team was outfitted by one of the local stores.
The team was quite nervous before the game.
The team was terrible.
The team went haywire after winning the world cup.
The team were quite nervous before the game.
The team will be ready.
The team will go ahead with the plan soon.
The team will review the contributions.
The team won a lot of trophies.
The team won the championship for five years running.
The team won the semifinals and advanced to the finals.
The team worked together to explore distant galaxies.
The team's best striker scored twenty-three goals last season.
The team's colors are dark-red and black.
The team's defense couldn't prevent the rout.
The team's defense this season is wanting.
The team's goal is to eventually fly the single-propeller aircraft studded with 22 square meters of solar panels into the stratosphere. In 2022, the team hopes to carry out a high-altitude flight powered exclusively by solar energy, seeking to reach the stratosphere at an altitude of 20,000 meters.
The team's schedule is grueling.
The team's victory was a testament to their maturity and ability to handle pressure.
The teams are coming onto the field.
The teams had just started to play when it began to rain.
The teapot broke.
The teapot is made of porcelain.
The teapot is on the table.
The teapot is under the table.
The teapot is whistling.
The teapot started to whistle.
The teapot was that happy that it started to whistle with pleasure.
The tears began to gather in her eyes.
The tears began to start from Lucy's blue eyes at viewing this unexpected and moving scene.
The tears flowed from her eyes.
The tears of strangers are only water.
The tears of the orphan.
The tears of the past fertilize the future.
The tears she'd been holding back exploded with unprecedented force.
The tears that flow are bitter but still more bitter are those that do not flow.
The teasers are designed to titillate viewers.
The teasing ones, they are bad.
The teat filled up with milk.
The tech was asked to make a light-tight box.
The technical apparatus of the Dictionary (list of abbreviations, etc.) applies to the Grammar as well and has not been included again in the following pages.
The technical infrastructure had started to degrade quite a bit.
The technician arrived a few hours later.
The technician demonstrated how to remove windshield scratches.
The technician entered the aircraft from beneath.
The technician is still trying to fix the electrics.
The technician needs at least five milliliters of urine from the patient.
The technicians carefully checked the exterior of the aircraft.
The technique incorporates body relaxation, breathing regulation, mental imagery and mindfulness training which, in previous studies, has been shown to improve attention, emotion, and social behaviors.
The technique is great, but the way it is presented is not good.
The technofascist ideology of the New World Order comes from Yuval Noah Harari.
The technology behind seed storage is impressive. Some seeds at the national seed storage lab might remain viable for 600 years. To show me how they could survive so long, Dr. Walters leads me to a room that's relatively warm, though it contains sealed tubs of liquid nitrogen that are 10 times chillier than the big cold storage room. She unseals a cryogenic tub, and when I reach inside, my hands feel surprisingly comfortable.
The technology currently mislabeled AI can't actually replace humans.
The technology is still developing.
The technology is very helpful in daily works of people in all respects.
The teddy bear is more beautiful.
The tedium of driving across the desert makes it difficult to continuously pay attention, leading to a real danger of accidentally running off the road or crashing.
The teen did not have the house in well-condition.
The teenage actress has quite a few fans.
The teenage fans were beside themselves with excitement when the rock star stepped off the plane.
The teenage friends stayed up talking all night.
The teenage girl disguised herself as a boy to look for work to feed her ailing father and small brother.
The teenager insisted she was innocent of cheating.
The teenager is showing off his new car.
The teenager smashed the car into a tree while fleeing from the police.
The teenagers grew louder and louder.
The teenagers left.
The teens were given two tests. First, they were instructed to listen to and tap their fingers along to the beat of a metronome. The researchers calculated how accurately their young volunteers were able to tap along to the musical timekeeper.
The teeth in front are called the incisors.
The teeth in the back are the molars.
The teeth of that fish are razor-sharp.
The tele-evangelist has a large, if deluded, following.
The telecommunications market is totally up for grabs.
The teleconference followed a state council executive meeting Monday that introduced 33 economic stimulus measures, including increased tax refunds, extended loans to small businesses, emergency loans to the aviation industry, and measures to promote auto and real estate sales.
The telega is a Russian vehicle, four-wheeled when it leaves and a two-wheeled vehicle when it arrives.
The telegram was a trick to get her to come home.
The telepathist had little difficulty in finding new clients.
The telephone call lasted six hours.
The telephone can be a nuisance.
The telephone can't be used.
The telephone didn't stop ringing.
The telephone does not work mister Tamori.
The telephone doesn't work.
The telephone doesn’t work.
The telephone hasn't been installed yet.
The telephone in the room started ringing.
The telephone is a convenience.
The telephone is a means of communication.
The telephone is among the inventions attributed to Alexander Graham Bell.
The telephone is among the inventions attributed to Bell.
The telephone is broken.
The telephone is essential to modern life.
The telephone is glowing red.
The telephone is just a wonderful device.
The telephone is now out of order.
The telephone is one of Bell's many inventions.
The telephone is one of Bell’s many inventions.
The telephone is one wonderful device.
The telephone is out of order, Mr Tamori.
The telephone is out of order, Mr. Tamori.
The telephone is red.
The telephone is ringing, but nobody is answering.
The telephone is ringing.
The telephone is ringing. If you want, I'll answer it.
The telephone is something that we can't do without.
The telephone is unfortunately out of order.
The telephone number is 234-6868, and my room is 1228.
The telephone on my desk rang persistently and loudly.
The telephone operator asked the caller to hold on until a connection was made.
The telephone rang a few minutes later.
The telephone rang again.
The telephone rang and Tom answered.
The telephone rang at the most crucial point in the conversation.
The telephone rang every few minutes.
The telephone rang for quite a long time.
The telephone rang just when she was about to leave.
The telephone rang repeatedly.
The telephone rang several times.
The telephone rang while I was having supper.
The telephone rang while I was reading.
The telephone rang, but no one answered.
The telephone rang, but nobody answered.
The telephone rang.
The telephone rang; Mary picked up the handset. "Baker," she answered. – "Hello, Mary!" – "Oh, papa, it's you! It's such a surprise that you're calling! Has something happened?" – "No, nothing has happened. I just wanted to hear how it's going for you."
The telephone revolutionised how we live.
The telephone rings about fifteen times an hour.
The telephone rings, but nobody answers.
The telephone rings. Susan picks it up.
The telephone sometimes rang.
The telephone time-of-day service also is used to synchronize clocks and watches, and for the calibration of stopwatches and timers (although slightly less accurate than radio reception).
The telephone was being used at the moment.
The telephone was constantly busy.
The telephone was constantly engaged.
The telephone was invented by Bell in 1876.
The telephone was invented by Bell in the year 1876.
The telephone was invented by Bell.
The telephone was invented in 1876 by Bell.
The telephone was just ringing, wasn't it?
The telephone was just ringing, wasn’t it?
The telephone was ringing when I got home.
The telephone was silent.
The telephone was still.
The telescope Clyde built in 1925 was only the first of more than thirty telescopes he was to build over his lifetime.
The telescope can see faint objects near bright objects.
The telescope has opened a new eye onto the cosmos that has been transformative for our civilization.
The telescope is not just one dish or antenna, but 36. They are three stories high and connected by fiber-optic cable, so they combine to work as one supertelescope.
The telescope's mirror needs to be perfectly smooth.
The telethon is a French TV program organized every year to collect funds in order to finance medical research.
The television broke, so I'm reading a book.
The television costs more than the sunglasses.
The television doesn't work.
The television doesn’t work.
The television is blaring.
The television is brand new.
The television is broken.
The television is in the living room.
The television is making a hissing noise.
The television is not working.
The television is off.
The television is turned off.
The television isn't working.
The television isn’t working.
The television programme was discontinued because of poor viewing figures.
The television serial is getting more and more interesting.
The television set isn't working.
The television set needs to be fixed.
The television set will stop being the most important member of the family.
The television set's not working.
The television show was interrupted by a special news report.
The television stopped working.
The television was on all the time.
The television was on the whole time.
The television's not working.
The television's stopped working.
The telly isn't working.
The telly remote is lying somewhere under the furniture.
The telly's not working.
The telly's on the blink again.
The temperance movement led to a national ban on alcohol sales that was in effect from 1920 to 1933.
The temperature at the North Pole is different from at the South Pole.
The temperature begins to drop.
The temperature continues dropping.
The temperature didn't make it any easier for us to go out on a trip.
The temperature dropped significantly and Ziri began to shiver slightly.
The temperature dropped to 28 degrees Fahrenheit.
The temperature dropped to fifty below zero and remained there the whole trip.
The temperature dropped, close the window.
The temperature exceeds 30 degrees in the shade.
The temperature falls.
The temperature fell below freezing this morning.
The temperature fell below zero last night.
The temperature fell five degrees centigrade below zero yesterday.
The temperature fell several degrees.
The temperature fell to five degrees below zero.
The temperature fell, and the snow turned to ice.
The temperature fell.
The temperature has been below freezing for many days in a row now.
The temperature has been below freezing for several days.
The temperature has been below zero for many days now.
The temperature has been fluctuating a lot.
The temperature has dropped to freezing.
The temperature has fallen below zero this morning.
The temperature has fallen since morning.
The temperature has gone down to two degrees below zero.
The temperature has stayed hot this week.
The temperature has suddenly dropped.
The temperature here can fluctuate wildly, even within the same day.
The temperature here is higher than that of Tokyo.
The temperature here stays more or less the same all year round.
The temperature in Boston is expected to drop to -22°C.
The temperature in Boston is expected to drop to -8°F.
The temperature in Boston is in the lower 40s.
The temperature in Uranus' upper atmosphere is so cold that the methane condenses and forms a thin cloud layer which gives the planet its blue-green appearance.
The temperature in different places can vary greatly at the same time of year.
The temperature in here is just right.
The temperature in the shade is considerably different than in the sun.
The temperature in the winter is noticeably colder than in the fall.
The temperature is 70 degrees.
The temperature is above average this winter.
The temperature is above freezing today.
The temperature is beginning to drop.
The temperature is below zero today, too.
The temperature is below zero today.
The temperature is currently ten degrees below zero.
The temperature is falling.
The temperature is forty below.
The temperature is going down.
The temperature is going up.
The temperature is just above freezing.
The temperature is lower than usual.
The temperature is measured by a thermometer.
The temperature is minus two.
The temperature is really nice.
The temperature is rising rapidly.
The temperature is rising.
The temperature is surprisingly low.
The temperature is very low today.
The temperature is virtually fifty degrees below zero.
The temperature is warming. The snow is melting.
The temperature last night was below freezing.
The temperature now is minus ten degrees.
The temperature of a wood fire is less than a thousand degrees Fahrenheit.
The temperature of an object in space, such as the Space Station, an astronaut working out in space, or even larger objects like the Moon or Earth, changes when the Sun shines on them.
The temperature of the human body hovers around 37°C.
The temperature of the human body hovers around 37Â°C.
The temperature of the oil climbed to 165 degrees Celsius.
The temperature of the oil went up to 165 degrees Celsius.
The temperature on Mars can be very, very cold.
The temperature on Mars can drop drastically at night.
The temperature on Mercury gets so hot it could melt a tin pan.
The temperature outside dropped.
The temperature outside is four degrees below zero.
The temperature outside is minus four.
The temperature outside is plus four.
The temperature outside is rising.
The temperature outside is slowly dropping.
The temperature outside was minus fifteen degrees, but the air conditioning was working perfectly.
The temperature rose every day for a week.
The temperature suddenly plunged.
The temperature there is extremely high.
The temperature today is seventy degrees Fahrenheit.
The temperature was above zero last week.
The temperature was at least 100 degrees.
The temperature was below freezing for several days.
The temperature was below freezing last night.
The temperature was going down.
The temperature was thirty degrees this afternoon in Boston.
The temperature went down ten degrees.
The temperature went down three degrees.
The temperature went down to minus ten degrees centigrade last night.
The temperature went up to 30 degrees.
The temperature went up.
The temperature will be pretty high today.
The temperature within the Earth increases as a function of depth.
The temperature within the earth increases with depth.
The temperature's fallen below zero.
The temperature's rising.
The temperature's very high.
The temperatures are rising up and it's getting warmer outside so don't forget to drink lots of water to get your body to cool down.
The temperatures fell last night.
The temperatures have been quite stable all week.
The temperatures we had all week were broadly similar.
The temperatures we had throughout the month were relatively unchanged.
The temple is at the top of the hill.
The temple is decorated with flowers and decorative material throughout the year.
The temple is made of marble.
The temple is noted for its architecture.
The temple of Athena Nike is a temple on the Acropolis of Athens.
The temple of Athena Nike is dedicated to the goddess Athena.
The temple of Jupiter was the most important temple in ancient Rome.
The temple on that mountain is an important pilgrimage site.
The temple was built 1,200 years ago.
The temple was built in the fifteenth century.
The temples in Greece are beautiful.
The temples on Mars are decorated with lotus flowers.
The tempo changed gradually toward the end of the symphony.
The tempo of Tom’s gait increased when his eyes affixed on a box of doughnuts.
The temporary workers that we managed to employ left work right away.
The temptation is great.
The temptation is too strong.
The temptation to go home was strong.
The temptation to ring his intercom was strong.
The ten Arcana are Death, Fate, Forces, Life, Matter, Mind, Prime, Space, Spirit, and Time.
The ten students all stood up at the same time.
The tenacious depths of the quicksand, as is usual in such cases, retained its prey.
The tenant must pay the landlord the rent at the end of each month.
The tenant who has not paid his rent regularly has been evicted.
The tenants all love to live here because of the prestige of living in such a famous locality.
The tenants started turning on the landlord.
The tendency to be indignant at injustices allowed our ancestors to survive.
The tendency to express dissatisfaction seems to be a cultural phenomenon.
The tenderloin is cut from a muscle that does not do much work, so it is not tough.
The tendon is a connection between the muscle and the bone.
The tennis match was interrupted by loud noises.
The tennis match was postponed due to rain.
The tennis player was on thin ice, so to speak.
The tennis player was walking on eggshells, so to speak.
The tennis players both walked off the court and headed to their cars.
The tennis players both walked off the court and headed toward their cars.
The tennis racket needs to be restrung.
The tennis racket was stringed with catgut.
The tennis racquet needs to be restrung.
The tenor of the report is fairly negative.
The tenor sang very well tonight.
The tense doesn't match with the English sentence.
The tension became unbearable.
The tension between Tom and Mary was palpable.
The tension between Yanni and Skura is worse than ever.
The tension between them is palpable.
The tension between them was hard for him to bear.
The tension between us is palpable.
The tension grew suddenly.
The tension grows with each passing moment.
The tension has become unbearable.
The tension is getting unbearable.
The tension on the day of the match made me greet the morning without even sleeping a wink.
The tension was becoming palpable.
The tension was so high you could cut it with a knife.
The tension was thick.
The tension was unbearable.
The tensions between the two countries are growing rapidly.
The tent began to lift off the ground.
The tent caved in on Igor's side.
The tent collapsed.
The tent door was unzipped and Fyodor entered.
The tent flap was open.
The tent is leaking.
The tent lamp powered off.
The tent poles were bent, but Matthew managed to straighten them out.
The tent was a couple of yards away from the fire pit.
The tent was full of backpacks.
The tent was old and worn out, but Matthew managed to patch it up.
The tent was set up next to a beautiful lake, giving Matthew a stunning view.
The tent was so large that Matthew could stand up straight inside it.
The tent was so well insulated that Matthew stayed warm on a cold winter night.
The tent was spacious enough for Matthew and his wife to sleep comfortably.
The tents are made of bed-sheets and sometimes plastic sheeting, and are a temporary refuge for people whose homes were destroyed and others who are afraid to sleep indoors in the wake of the earthquake.
The term "Berber" refers to all the Berber dialects together.
The term "Chicano" was originally used to mean "Mexican-American".
The term "Sattelzeit" denotes the transitional period between the early modern age and the late modern age.
The term "Siamese twins" comes from two conjoined twins from Siam who travelled with P.T. Barnum's circus.
The term "TERF," which stands for "trans-exclusionary radical feminist," was coined by a cis radical feminist.
The term "arduous march" was used by the authoritarian regime to describe a famine that killed millions of people in the 1990s.
The term "artificial intelligence" was first used in 1956 by John McCarthy.
The term "autistic savant" is used to describe a person who is autistic and is extremely talented in one or more specialized fields.
The term "baby shower" is silly and confusing.
The term "ballistics" refers to the study of a projectile in motion. Ballistics also refers to the forensic study of bullets, cartridges and firearms in criminal investigations. When a bullet travels through a gun barrel, the bullet's metal gets worn in a unique pattern by the harder metal of the barrel. Unless there has been some intentional alteration, any bullet fired by a specific gun will show the same marks.
The term "bourgeois" can be used as an insult by both the lower and the upper classes.
The term "freeze peach" originated in the context of GamerGate, a crusade by certain toxic male gamers against the increasing visibility of women in the gaming world.
The term "gender ideology" was invented by the Catholic Church.
The term "hutong", originally meaning "water well", came from the Mongolian language about 700 years ago.
The term "identity politics" is in large part used as a thought-terminating cliché by people who don't want to think too much about things they don't yet understand.
The term "light novel" was first created in Japan out of English components.
The term "ministry of defense" is considered by many to be a euphemism for what was earlier called the "ministry of war".
The term "pansexual" has recently become a popular alternative to "bisexual."
The term "qipao" is widely used in Northern China.
The term "usury" was once used to refer to any loan on which interest was charged.
The term 'Alpine countries', or sometimes 'Alpine states', generally refers to Slovenia, Germany, Austria, Liechtenstein, Italy, Monaco, Switzerland, and France - the countries across which the Alps stretch.
The term 'greenhouse effect' is often used when people talk about global changes of climate nowadays.
The term 'zoology' is derived from Ancient Greek.
The term ends next week.
The term has a very loose definition.
The term is also used to describe aspects of other religions and belief structures.
The term is from the first to the thirtieth of this month, both inclusive.
The term is not commonly used.
The term neural net was traditionally used to name a network or circuit of biological neurons.
The term refers to the three witches who accost Macbeth.
The term sanitation worker is a euphemism for a garbage man.
The term sepsis as now used in clinical surgery no longer retains its original meaning as synonymous with “putrefaction,” but is employed to denote all conditions in which bacterial infection has taken place, and more particularly those in which pyogenic bacteria are present.
The term was in provincial use as a metonym.
The term â€˜milonguero style tango’ was coined in the early 1990s to describe the style of dancing tango that was prevalent in the milongas of downtown Buenos Aires in the 1950s.
The term ‘milonguero style tango’ was coined in the early 1990s to describe the style of dancing tango that was prevalent in the milongas of downtown Buenos Aires in the 1950s.
The term ’greenhouse effect’ is often used when people talk about global changes of climate nowadays.
The terminal at the Haitian capital's international airport has been flooded after a sustained downpour transformed some low-lying Port-au-Prince streets into brown rivers.
The terminals of the battery are loose.
The termite nest was invaded.
The termites destroyed Edmundo’s house.
The terms "Jew," "Hebrew," and "Israelite" were already interchangeable in antiquity.
The terms and conditions are subject to change at any time.
The terms are used in geology, paleontology, geophysics, astronomy and physical cosmology.
The terms of the loan were punitive.
The terms of use will change soon.
The terpenes in this bud are delicious.
The terraces are connected on the sides by open colonnades.
The terrain is mountainous.
The terrain on Mars appears very hospitable.
The terrible car accident killed all passengers.
The terrible end of the World Trade Centre remains unforgotten.
The terrible facts about the tragedy were brought to the attention of the wider international community as part of this campaign, and millions of people in all corners of the planet learned the true face of Armenian nationalists.
The terrible scene made Tom shudder.
The terrible scene made Tom tremble in fear.
The terrible scene made him shudder.
The terrible scene made him tremble in fear.
The terrible scene sent shivers down Tom's spine.
The terrible scene sent shivers down his spine.
The terrible smell grew worse.
The terrible two's is a stage that children between ages two and three must pass in order to become independent.
The terrified woodcutter fled as fast as his legs would carry him.
The terrifying monster looked at me with its fiery eyes.
The territory has no permanent civilian population.
The territory has transformed itself into a significant offshore financial center.
The territory is guarded by dogs.
The territory of Algeria is rich in untapped natural resources.
The territory of Mongolia borders the Russian Federation on the north and the People's Republic of China on the south.
The territory of the country Curacao consists of the islands Curacao and Little Curacao.
The terror after the revolution scared him away.
The terror attack took place in Christchurch, New Zealand.
The terrorist attack in Paris has shocked the world.
The terrorist bombarded passersby with gunfire.
The terrorist group was dismantled.
The terrorist group was responsible for the bomb explosion outside the embassy.
The terrorist sprayed bystanders with bullets.
The terrorists attacked a mosque.
The terrorists brought rope with them so that they could tie up all the hostages.
The terrorists dishonored their prophet many times more effectively than Charlie Hebdo's caricaturists.
The terrorists have failed.
The terrorists have taken hostages.
The terrorists kidnapped a journalist.
The terrorists kidnapped hostages.
The terrorists must be hunted down and brought to justice.
The terrorists promised to release the hostage if the president is able to stand on one leg for a minute.
The terrorists released the hostages.
The terrorists said a nuclear device was set to go off sometime tomorrow in Boston.
The terrorists swore vengeance on that country.
The terrorists tried to set up a surprise road block on the dirt road Elias was driving on.
The terrorists will come down from the mountains in a week.
The test came back negative.
The test came back positive.
The test consisted of two parts.
The test damaged the launch pad.
The test included mathematics, physics, and chemistry.
The test is at 2:30.
The test is at 4 p.m.
The test is multiple choice and self-administered.
The test is not always accurate, so many men undergo a painful second test, a biopsy of the prostate.
The test is not hard, the problems are all similar.
The test launch and landing of the starship prototype Tuesday ended in a crash for the second time since December.
The test of democracy is freedom of criticism.
The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.
The test of the new engine takes place today.
The test on 16personalities.com isn't really based on Myers-Briggs, but rather the Big Five model, which is why it often gives inaccurate type results.
The test result is negative.
The test result isn't what I expected.
The test result isn't what I had expected.
The test result showed how much he had studied.
The test result was negative.
The test results are in.
The test results are still not in.
The test results came back positive.
The test samples were due to arrive three days ago.
The test says I was a king in my previous life.
The test subjects were randomly selected.
The test today was very difficult.
The test was conducted by a group of astronomers and physicists using a unique cosmic laboratory, created by the discovery of a rare celestial circumstance — a rotating neutron star, or pulsar, tightly orbiting a white dwarf star nearly 7,000 light-years from Earth.
The test was difficult.
The test was easier than I thought it would be.
The test was easy.
The test was in two parts.
The test was multiple choice.
The test was quite difficult.
The test was rather difficult.
The test was real easy.
The test was really easy.
The test was too difficult for me.
The test was too hard for me.
The test was very difficult.
The test was very easy.
The test was very simple.
The test wasn't as difficult as I expected it to be.
The test wasn't as hard as I expected it to be.
The testimony wasn't credible.
The tests confirmed that she has low blood pressure and low hemoglobin.
The tests show that he didn't have a stroke.
The tests show that she didn't have a stroke.
The tests show you have fewer platelets than usual.
The tests showed that Boldi had stomach cancer.
The tests showed that those who took naproxen had a 50 percent increased risk of suffering heart attack and stroke.
The tetanus shot hurt me more than the dog bite did.
The tetanus shot hurt more than the dog bite.
The text above contains no accurate facts on the matter.
The text above is written in Basque.
The text did not purport to be comprehensive.
The text has been heavily edited.
The text hasn't been checked.
The text hasn't been looked over.
The text is deemed as fluent in the target language.
The text is illegible.
The text is not original but translated from Arabic.
The text is too long.
The text is written in Berber.
The text isn't divided too well.
The text must be alive.
The text needs to be shortened so that it fits on one page.
The text needs to be translated into Belarusian.
The text needs to be translated into French.
The text of the Bible was written by about 40 different people over a period of approximately 1,600 years.
The text of the Preface to the First Edition follows unchanged in substance.
The text of the national anthem of Canada was first written in French.
The text of the song is provided by Kamil Peteraj, music is composed by Martin Kavulič.
The text of the user's manual is a machine translation.
The text represents the thoughts and the feelings of the author.
The text was from Layla.
The text was from Tom.
The text was incomprehensible.
The text was written in a language that is only known by a few experts.
The text was written in a language that very few experts know.
The textbook comprises three sections.
The textbook is divided into three sections.
The textbook is supposed to show the meaning of each individual word using a picture.
The textbook shows the meaning of each individual word with a picture.
The textbook we use in our French class was written by a Canadian.
The textbook will show the meaning of every word using a picture.
The textbook's pictures will show the meanings of individual words.
The textile factory's windows are fitted with iron bars so when a fire broke out inside the factory, most of the workers died.
The textile industry was the most important part of the city's economy.
The textile industry will adapt to a market of free competition in the coming years.
The textile is colorful.
The texts were from Layla, not from Salima.
The texture of these loquats is a little bit soft.
The thaw is continuing apace. The sun has melted the frost from the windows.
The theater company's characterization of Anne Frank was very emotional, but tasteful.
The theater company’s characterization of Anne Frank was very emotional, but tasteful.
The theater didn't use to open on Tuesdays.
The theater dimmed, and the movie began.
The theater group performed the new play.
The theater had a catwalk above the stage.
The theater in my neighborhood is being rebuilt.
The theater in the center is old but it is not bad.
The theater is empty.
The theater is on the other bank of the river.
The theater used to open at this hour.
The theater used to open early.
The theater used to open every day of the week.
The theater used to open on Mondays only.
The theater used to open on Sundays.
The theater used to open up about this time.
The theater used to open up at dawn.
The theater used to open up even on Saturdays.
The theater used to stay open all day long.
The theater used to stay open till late.
The theater was jam-packed.
The theater was really fancy.
The theater was slowly filling with people.
The theater was so crowded we had to sit in the front row. My neck hurts from looking up for two hours.
The theater was too crowded.
The theater went on tour.
The theater's acoustics were top-notch.
The theatre group always gave open-air performances on fine summer evenings.
The theatre group would always give open-air performances on fine summer evenings.
The theatre had a catwalk above the stage.
The theatre is empty.
The theatre usually opened at this time.
The theatre usually opens at this time.
The theatre was jam-packed.
The theatrical troupe’s skits were often quirky, but their comedic instincts were unquestionably brilliant.
The theatrical world of Shakespeare is just as infinitely varied as he believed reality to be; he excluded nothing whatsoever that occurred in human nature and bourgeois society.
The theft has been reported to police.
The theft must have been an inside job.
The theft must've been an inside job.
The theft of Peruvian resources perpetrated by the Spanish was huge.
The thematic and motivic works of Mozart and Schubert are basically quite similar.
The theme for the 2020 Hult Prize is the issue of climate change.
The theme of Earth Day 2020 is climate action.
The theme of isolation features prominently in his work.
The theme of the text has a relationship with what surrounds the writer.
The theme park was closed down last month.
The then-mayor imposed vaccine mandates on municipal and private sector workers last year.
The theology of Islam is intact.
The theorem is incorrect.
The theoretical exam is tomorrow.
The theories of relativity can seem recondite even for people who are well versed in the sciences.
The theory does not say how the electron moves during a jump. It just says what we see when it jumps.
The theory is based on thorough research.
The theory is generally accepted.
The theory is not accepted yet.
The theory is not accepted.
The theory is too abstract for me.
The theory of evolution by random mutation and natural selection fails to see the extremely obvious presence of a planning intelligence in the universe.
The theory of evolution is beyond the reach of my imagination.
The theory of evolution surpasses the scope of my imagination.
The theory of games shows that what we name "moral principles" are no other than the strategy elements enabling the group to optimise its survival. Men like to dress their eagerness under the guise of charity.
The theory of panspermia states that life originated on another planet (or planets) and came to earth on asteroids, meteors, or other cosmic objects.
The theory of plate tectonics in geology explains the phenomenon of continental drift.
The theory of plate tectonics is a geological theory that explains the phenomenon of continental drift.
The theory of reincarnation is not an invention of spiritualism, on the contrary, you can find this idea in the theory of transmigration of Pythagoras.
The theory of relativity is a classical theory, i.e. it doesn't itself involve any quantum-mechanical processes.
The theory of relativity originated with Einstein.
The theory of the Big Bang was proposed in 1927 and expanded in 1929.
The theory of the inferiority complex was described at the beginning of the twentieth century.
The theory of the separation of powers is attributed to Montesquieu in his book "The Spirit of the Laws."
The theory suggests that the disk of dust swirling around a star, a remnant of that star's formation, merges through gravity.
The theory that dinosaurs and birds share an evolutionary link just got stronger as scientists have discovered that a bird-like dinosaur may have incubated its eggs much like a brooding chicken.
The theory will find general acceptance.
The therapist finally got him to open up about what he went through during the war.
The therapist helped Matthew straighten out his thoughts and emotions during his sessions.
The therapist helps her explore the root causes of her self-destructive behavior and develop healthier coping mechanisms.
The therapist is making a lot of money.
The therapist is treating the patient for a back injury.
The therapy also reduced the chances that patients, with improved heart function, had to be readmitted to the hospital.
The therapy dogs of R.E.A.D. — Reading Education Assistance Dogs — have been helping children improve their literacy skills since 1999, when Intermountain Therapy Animals began the program in Salt Lake City, Utah.
The therapy is in session.
The therapy started to work from the very first day.
The therapy was unsuccessful.
The theremin was invented by Léon Theremin in 1920.
The thermometer fell to zero last night.
The thermometer is almost my best friend.
The thermometer is an instrument for measuring temperature.
The thermometer reads 10 degrees.
The thermometer reads 10C.
The thermometer reads 30 degrees.
The thermometer reads negative fifteen degrees Celsius.
The thermometer reads three degrees below zero.
The thermometer registered minus ten last night.
The thermometer says it's thirty degrees in here.
The thermometer says it's thirty degrees.
The thermometer stands at 70.
The thermometer stands at a mere two degrees centigrade, the leaden gray sky hints of snow, and so far, the birds are not cooperating with Mr. Gette's efforts to lure them with his calls.
The thermometer stood at 15 degrees.
The thermometer stood at 37 degrees centigrade.
The thermometer stood at three degrees below zero this morning.
The thermometer went down below zero.
The thermos lid can also double as a cup.
The thermos was a really good purchase.
The thermosiphon is turned off.
The thermosphere is located above the mesosphere and below the exosphere.
The thermostat doesn't work.
The thermostat is broken.
The thermostat is defective.
The thermostat is set at 25 degrees.
The thesis "Voices in a Zanzibari Culture: Performing Taarab in the Changing Society of Stone Town" may interest Africa fans.
The thesis is finished except for the conclusion.
The thick clouds which cover Venus cause a "greenhouse effect". The clouds prevent heat from leaving the atmosphere.
The thick fog blotted out everything.
The thick fog made it hard to see the road.
The thick fog made it impossible to see the building.
The thick fog makes it hard to see ahead.
The thick fog prevented the plane from taking off.
The thick leaves of an Aloe vera plant contain a clear gel, which is used to store water.
The thick liquid tested by the Stanford University team was found to extend the life of the fire retardants without harming the environment.
The thick mangrove roots of the swamp provide shelter and breeding grounds for many species of fish.
The thick material bent the needle of my sewing machine.
The thick walls baffle outside noises.
The thick wool sweater that Matthew wore was so warm that he didn't need to wear a coat.
The thickness of Saturn's rings ranges from 10 to 100 meters and the rings vary in brightness.
The thickness of a piece of meat is important for determining how long to cook it.
The thickness of the walls is impressive.
The thief admitted his crime.
The thief admitted his guilt.
The thief blended into the crowd.
The thief broke into the house while we were away.
The thief broke the lock.
The thief broke the window.
The thief can steal everything you have, but can never steal your knowledge.
The thief climbed in through the window.
The thief crouched behind the dorm room door.
The thief cursed the police for finding him.
The thief cut the telephone lines before breaking into the house.
The thief declared remorse and claimed to be heartbroken about the crimes he had committed.
The thief disguised himself as a policeman.
The thief disguised himself as an old lady.
The thief does not believe in honest people.
The thief does not want to buy the shoes.
The thief does not want to sell the gems.
The thief entered the house at the back door by the open window.
The thief entered the house through this door.
The thief entered through a broken window.
The thief escaped through the window.
The thief escaped with my bike.
The thief exploited this to get away.
The thief fled without leaving any traces.
The thief forced her to hand over the money.
The thief fucked up my room.
The thief got away with the money.
The thief got away.
The thief got his hand cut off.
The thief got in through a window.
The thief got in without being noticed.
The thief got into the main offices when everyone was sleeping.
The thief had special tools for picking locks.
The thief has confessed.
The thief has to be in here. I'm sure somewhere around is his stronghold so if we can just find that we've got him.
The thief has to be in here. I’m sure somewhere around is his stronghold so if we can just find that we’ve got him.
The thief hid in the dark doorway.
The thief hit me and gave me a black eye and then ran off.
The thief is certain to be caught eventually.
The thief is in the house.
The thief is running away.
The thief knocked down the jewelry store's door and looted it.
The thief let go of Melissa's purse finally.
The thief lost the policemen.
The thief made off with my wallet!
The thief made off with the woman's handbag.
The thief made off with the woman’s handbag.
The thief managed to escape.
The thief noticed Dmitri's camera.
The thief or swindler who has gained great wealth by his delinquency has a better chance than the small thief of escaping the rigorous penalty of the law.
The thief outwitted the police and got away with his loot.
The thief pretended to be a police officer.
The thief ran away and the policeman ran after him.
The thief ran away at the sight of a detective.
The thief ran away at the sight of a policeman.
The thief ran away in the direction of the station.
The thief ran away on seeing the police.
The thief ran away when he saw a policeman.
The thief ran away when she saw the policeman.
The thief ran away when the alarm rang.
The thief ran away.
The thief ran fast.
The thief ran off as soon as he saw the police car.
The thief ran off with my bag.
The thief ran quickly.
The thief reluctantly admitted his guilt.
The thief seemed to break in through a window.
The thief seized Mary's handbag and ran off.
The thief set his eyes on that house.
The thief slipped into the house.
The thief smashed the window.
The thief snatched the bag from her hand.
The thief snatched the bag from his hand.
The thief snatched the bag out of her hand.
The thief snatched the bag out of his hand.
The thief snatched the woman's handbag and ran off.
The thief snatched the woman’s handbag and took to his heels.
The thief snuck in through the window.
The thief stole my car.
The thief stole the jewels last night.
The thief stubbed his toe on the door.
The thief thinks that all men are thieves.
The thief thought a balaclava would obscure her identity, but the cops were able to identify her by her distinctive eyebrows.
The thief thought this weak woman would be an easy target.
The thief told the police he hadn't stolen anything.
The thief told the police he won't steal anymore.
The thief took flight when the policeman saw him.
The thief turned out to be a woman.
The thief used a screwdriver to break into the car.
The thief vanished.
The thief vaulted over the counter to reach the cash register.
The thief was apprehended this morning.
The thief was arrested red-handed.
The thief was arrested this morning.
The thief was bound hand and foot.
The thief was caught in the act.
The thief was caught red handed.
The thief was handed over to the police.
The thief was marched off to the police station.
The thief was thrown into the stockade to await trial.
The thief was too fast.
The thief was traced by the stolen goods.
The thief was trapped in a dead-end alleyway.
The thief whipped out into the crowd.
The thief will be punished.
The thief will show up.
The thief's escape is a blow to the village.
The thief's pursuit began.
The thief-taker arrested many thieves at the same time.
The thief’s pursuit began.
The thieves are chasing us.
The thieves are greedy for your ring.
The thieves came in through the window.
The thieves disabled the CCTV cameras inside the museum.
The thieves divided their booty.
The thieves divided their loot among themselves.
The thieves divvied up the proceeds from their heist.
The thieves divvied up the stolen loot among themselves.
The thieves dug a tunnel and robbed the bank.
The thieves entered by the window.
The thieves entered the building through a small window.
The thieves entered the building through a window.
The thieves entered the building via a window.
The thieves fled when the police arrived.
The thieves had forced the lock with a lock pick.
The thieves hid in the woods.
The thieves knew what they were doing.
The thieves knocked off another bank today in a daytime robbery.
The thieves made off in a waiting car.
The thieves made off with a sculpture with an estimated worth of half a million euros.
The thieves made off with quite a haul.
The thieves made off with the jewels.
The thieves opened the door with a pass key.
The thieves pulled off an audacious robbery in broad daylight.
The thieves pulled open all the drawers of the desk in search of money.
The thieves ran away after it got dark.
The thieves ransacked the library and got very little for their pains.
The thieves ransacked the library.
The thieves retreated due to being afraid of repercussions.
The thieves robbed the bank.
The thieves split up their loot.
The thieves stole the giant gold coin without being noticed by security guards or activating the alarm system.
The thieves stole the painting from the museum while the guard slept.
The thieves tied him up and escaped through the window.
The thieves tried to sell the painting to an art collector who turned out to be an undercover agent for the FBI.
The thieves tried to steal the woman's car, but they couldn't because they didn't know how to drive a manual.
The thieves used a wheelbarrow to transport the giant gold coin to nearby Monbijou Park.
The thieves were both wearing masks.
The thieves were sentenced to 5 years in prison.
The thieves wore gloves.
The thigh and lower leg are connected by a joint called the knee.
The thin hook gave under the weight of the picture and ended up twisted.
The thin layer of oil at the top of the soup produced a mesmerizing sheen.
The thin line between sanity and madness has gotten finer.
The thin man killed the fat man.
The thin man paused in the shade with his knees a little bent.
The thin man took a rest in the shade of a shrine.
The thing I am most afraid of about dying is not having lived the fullest.
The thing I hate most about him is that he boasts of having had good grades in school despite not studying.
The thing I'm planning to do is study French.
The thing Yanni loved about Algeria was that he had a great life there.
The thing about cheese is that no extraterrestrials have ever consumed it.
The thing about her is... She tended to create sides. And people would then get on those sides.
The thing about oppression causing an increase in suicides is that it's entirely preventable.
The thing blocking my path was a stone wall of less than 1 meter's height.
The thing blocking my path was a stone wall of less than 1 meter’s height.
The thing does not interest me in the least.
The thing had jagged menacing teeth.
The thing is that I need one box of eggs.
The thing is that I need one carton of eggs.
The thing is that I need one container of eggs.
The thing is that I need one pack of eggs.
The thing is that I need one tray of eggs.
The thing is that I still haven't gotten any letter.
The thing is that Tom didn't promise anything like that.
The thing is that he had no idea what she was going through.
The thing is whether my parents will agree.
The thing is worth it.
The thing is, I can't get married until she does.
The thing is, I dislike people who talk like that.
The thing is, I don't really want to.
The thing is, I don’t really want to.
The thing is, I really like this picture.
The thing is, I took a little bit from Dad's wallet.
The thing is, Tom did well in his own way, you know.
The thing is, he broke the window.
The thing is, it was said their condition was bad.
The thing is, my cat is shy.
The thing is, our cat died yesterday.
The thing is, smoking is bad for your health.
The thing is, though, I don't think it'll make a difference.
The thing is, we're always looking for it on the outside.
The thing moved and Tom shot it again.
The thing she loved the most about her husband was his beard.
The thing speaks for itself.
The thing still bothers me.
The thing that Mary is most afraid of, believe it or not, is sleeping and not being able to wake up.
The thing that both Ziri and Rima had in common was their love of biking.
The thing that got me to understand was when his son came back at the end of the chapter.
The thing that hath been, it is that which shall be; and that which is done is that which shall be done: and there is no new thing under the sun.
The thing that impressed me the most in China was the Chinese.
The thing that left the biggest impression on me in China was the Chinese food.
The thing that most surprised me since coming to Japan is how many vending machines there are.
The thing that really matters is not to live, but to live well.
The thing that scares me the most is that I might lose you.
The thing that you are intending to carry does not need to be carried.
The thing the Time Traveller held in his hand was a glittering metallic framework, scarcely larger than a small clock, and very delicately made. There was ivory in it, and some transparent crystalline substance.
The thing you have to know about Batman is, he's a superhero.
The thing you have to know about Batman is, he’s a superhero.
The things God tells us are for our good.
The things I like to do most while travelling are reading and sleeping.
The things I put in the trash can are no longer useful.
The things I want most in this world are things money can't buy.
The things Robert heard made his heart sink.
The things Sami had done to Layla were unforgivable.
The things are in dad's car.
The things eyes... Well... They didn't look much like eyes at all.
The things he says are entirely inconsequential.
The things he says are not the least bit important.
The things here are affordable.
The things in this village are cheaper than those in ours.
The things in which you glory you must not consider a crime in others!
The things on my porch are all things I'm trying to sell.
The things said were obscure so I can't remember them very well.
The things that I bought haven't been delivered to me yet.
The things that I put in the trash can aren't useful anymore.
The things that Tom stole from me weren't really all that valuable.
The things that hurt us, teach us.
The things that the burglar stole are irreplaceable.
The things that you call impossible might actually become possible.
The things that you learn do not get lost.
The things we want, we are quick to believe.
The things you own, they end up owning you.
The things you think about yourself can sometimes be very, very wrong.
The third act is about to begin.
The third album was a huge success.
The third and most important idea is that of reentry.
The third aria is the part in which she makes herself heard the best.
The third batch of vaccines provided by China to Colombia has arrived in Bogota, the capital of Colombia.
The third bomb did not explode.
The third brake light went from being prohibited to being required.
The third client arrived at 12:00 PM and said she had a cold.
The third day after this was the birthday of Pharaoh: and he made a great feast for his servants, and at the banquet remembered the chief butler, and the chief baker. And he restored the one to his place, to present him the cup. The other he hanged on a gibbet, that the truth of the interpreter might be shewn.
The third day is Wednesday.
The third figure appeared to be a woman.
The third game, third draw. Carlsen 1.5 Nepo 1.5. Tomorrow will be a day off.
The third generation Japanese communication methods are W-CDMA and CDMA2000.
The third girl got an excellent Christmas present.
The third guy in line is Tom.
The third house from the corner is Tom's.
The third house from the corner is mine.
The third house on the left is Tom's.
The third in the series was a level above the rest.
The third is the preservation of environment. In this case, the conservation of energy and resources is needed.
The third largest lake in Africa has long been the economic hub for thousands of fishing communities along the lakefront areas.
The third most frequent letter in Esperanto is "e".
The third movement affectionately parodies village musicians and their playing.
The third name on the list was Tom.
The third one promised the moon.
The third option is unthinkable.
The third paragraph needs correcting.
The third point to make is that Emmet attempted to harmonize his theory with the reality of designing.
The third power of 3 is 27.
The third president of the United States, Thomas Jefferson, is on the two-dollar bill. He was the main writer of the Declaration of Independence in seventeen seventy-six. Jefferson was one of the most influential of the nation’s Founding Fathers. He was also a plant expert, architect, musician and inventor.
The third province was divided by Al-Idrisi into ten parts.
The third quarter GNP growth was 1% over the preceding quarter.
The third stanza is unnecessary.
The third star belonged to a certain king.
The third street to the right.
The third string is flat.
The third string is out of tune.
The third string is sharp.
The third thing you have to do is develop this ability to notice.
The third world is overexploited.
The third year of his reign, which was the twenty-second of his age, he left his dominions on a visit to Balkis, Queen of Sheba. The mage Sembobitis and the eunuch Menkera accompanied him. He had in his train seventy-five camels bearing cinnamon, myrrh, gold dust, and elephants’ tusks.
The third-generation iPhone has many new features, I've heard.
The thirst to dominate is one which goes away last in the heart of man.
The thirty passengers on board are all OK.
The thirty people on board died.
The thirty-first of March fell on a Monday.
The thorns don't hurt so much when between them is a rose.
The thorough acquisition of a language requires about 10,000 hours of study.
The thought crossed my mind.
The thought flashed through her mind that she was going to die.
The thought had crossed my mind.
The thought hadn't occurred to me.
The thought is father to the deed.
The thought is material.
The thought is not bad.
The thought itself disgusts me.
The thought makes me shudder.
The thought never crossed my mind.
The thought of another man touching her brought out the beast in him.
The thought of being alone fills me with dread.
The thought of being eaten alive was both frightening and intriguing.
The thought of being spanked always made her wet.
The thought of being with only one man doesn't appeal to me.
The thought of death scares me.
The thought of failing terrifies her.
The thought of going to work tomorrow really depresses me.
The thought of having to work with someone like you makes me sick.
The thought of her going alone left me uneasy.
The thought of it made him feel queasy.
The thought of losing her disturbed me.
The thought of losing my parents is such a nightmare that I can't bear thinking about it.
The thought of no longer having him by my side makes me physically ill.
The thought of not having you in my arms, feeling your warmth and hearing your laughter, terrifies me. I can't survive without you.
The thought of not risking something frightens me to death.
The thought of powdered sugar makes my skin crawl.
The thought of rating people by attractiveness does not seem fair to me.
The thought of starting a new chapter in his life filled William with excitement and hope.
The thought of winning the championship game had William practically bursting with excitement.
The thought of your absence is overwhelming.
The thought often comes to me that I envy the future for what it will know about the past.
The thought put a smile on my face.
The thought sent a wave of panic coursing through her.
The thought that Tom might be doing that worried Mary.
The thought that Tom might do that worried Mary.
The thought that in a few hours they would reach a country where there were no schools, no books, no teachers, made these boys so happy that they felt neither hunger, nor thirst, nor sleep, nor discomfort.
The thought that it is all my own fault is what makes it so hard. If I could blame it on anybody I would feel so much better.
The thought that robots might take over the world is lunacy.
The thought was there.
The thoughts came back, unbidden, to torture Tom's guilty conscience.
The thousand facets of beauty of the mountain meadow in summer, the innumerable nuanced shades, fills my heart with a soft feeling of bliss.
The thousand-year-old tree was cut down by the logger.
The thread is thin and breaks easily.
The thread is thin but strong, and doesn't break.
The thread is thin but sturdy.
The thread tangled again and again, until I rewound the bobbin and re-threaded the sewing machine.
The thread title's wrong.
The thread title’s wrong.
The thread's gone on this screw. Bin it.
The thread's gone on this screw. Chuck it away.
The thread's gone on this screw. Throw it away.
The threads got tangled.
The threat increases; a defence that doesn't evolve is meaningless.
The threat increases; a defence that doesn’t evolve is meaningless.
The threat is real.
The threat no longer exists.
The threat of bankruptcy has been hanging over Tom's firm for some time.
The threat of terrorism has marred the lead up to the Winter Olympics.
The threat to Richmond was ended.
The threat to jobs is coming much faster than most AI experts predicted.
The threat to peace resulting from continuing international tension and violations of the United Nations Charter, resulting in the unabated arms race, in particular in the nuclear field, as well as wars, armed conflicts, external domination, foreign occupation, acquisition of land by force, aggression, imperialism, colonialism, neocolonialism, racism, apartheid, gross violation of human rights, terrorism, repression, the disappearance of persons and discrimination on the basis of sex are major obstacles to human progress, specifically to the advancement of women.
The threat was inexorably close.
The threatening floods made it necessary to evacuate the town.
The threats range from diesel exhaust and unchecked forest fires fouling the air to untreated waste poisoning the water.
The threats to this strategy are numerous.
The three animals tried to help the old man, the monkey using its ability to climb to collect fruit and nuts, and the fox catching fish in the stream to bring to him.
The three associates will set up a new company.
The three batters were struck out quickly.
The three big men eat.
The three big monotheistic religions are Christianity, Islam and Judaism.
The three big monotheistic religions are Islam, Judaism and Christianity.
The three boys had only two dollars among them.
The three boys looked at one another.
The three boys opened the doors of the building.
The three boys sat close together on the floor.
The three boys walked into the classroom.
The three boys walked off together.
The three brothers must help one another.
The three brothers resembled each other very much.
The three children were playing homemade instruments.
The three countries were united to make one country.
The three fell silent.
The three friends live in the same apartment.
The three fundamental factors for happiness are: financial security, a sense of purpose in one's life, and good personal relationships.
The three fundamentals required for life in a society are food, shelter and clothing.
The three girls followed Tom.
The three girls giggled.
The three girls smiled at Tom as they walked by.
The three gunshot victims are in critical condition.
The three hyenas sat in a circle, reasoning with one another.
The three lawyers argue a lot.
The three looked at each other.
The three main monotheistic religions are Islam, Judaism and Christianity.
The three major monotheistic religions are Christianity, Islam and Judaism.
The three men each told their stories.
The three men fought as long as possible.
The three men had 50 pounds among them.
The three men had £50 between them.
The three men laughed.
The three men left the villa together.
The three men rushed out the door.
The three men we saw yesterday set fire to Tom's home.
The three most discussed possibilities for the route of this migration are: (1) across the Bering Land Bridge from Siberia to Alaska, (2) along the coast from Siberia to Alaska, or, far less plausibly, (3) along the North Atlantic ice-edge corridor from Europe to Atlantic Canada.
The three neighbors helped each other.
The three neighbours helped each other.
The three of them all just looked at Tom.
The three of them ate lunch together.
The three of them began to laugh.
The three of them walked off together.
The three of them went to party in the city.
The three of them were speaking in French.
The three of them were the only ones to apologize to her.
The three of us are brothers.
The three of us are often together.
The three of us ate hot dogs and potato salad.
The three of us did it together.
The three of us discussed it.
The three of us get on very well.
The three of us helped Tom move his piano.
The three of us spend a lot of time together.
The three of us spent a lot of time together.
The three of us used to pull all-nighters at Yumezaki all the time.
The three of us went out to the airport.
The three of you are under arrest.
The three of you'll stay here with us.
The three organizations are the International Monetary Fund, the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, and the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.
The three people gave three different accounts of the accident.
The three police officers stayed with Tom.
The three primary colors are the basis of all the other colors.
The three puppies were napping together.
The three richest people in the world control more wealth than the poorest 48 nations.
The three rules of competitive mathematics: check, check, and recheck.
The three sad days are quickly sped; He rises glorious from the dead; All glory to our risen Head! Alleluia!
The three shells are from the same tiny snail-like creature they had excavated in South Africa in 2004, but these specimens were dug up by other scientists in the 1940s and were hidden away in London and Paris museums.
The three sisters look very much alike.
The three slipped through a crack in a wall and found themselves outside.
The three soldiers spread their blankets on the train seats and tried to sleep.
The three states of matter are: solid, liquid and gaseous.
The three veterans lived together in a rented cottage on the outskirts of a small town on the edge of the inland sea.
The three walked down the hall together.
The three walked down the hall.
The three weeks preceding Tisha B'Av are a period of mourning in Judaism.
The three were arrested.
The three women smiled.
The three women were chatting in French.
The three women were enjoying their time together, having lunch near the beach at Capalbio on the Southern Tuscan coast just over an hour’s drive from Rome.
The three-day discussion was worthwhile.
The three-day festival includes concerts, storytelling, sheep dog competitions and demonstrations of sheep shearing. But the highlight is the parade, as old sheep wagons, bagpipers and Basque dancers lead hundreds of sheep down Main Street.
The three-dimensional image took shape on the computer screen, in one of many new apps that let users customize their games using a camera with a special chip.
The three-story house was built of stone.
The three-tufted, the cactus and the red-faced cannot live without increasing.
The threshold of a door is akin to the sill of a window, but it is exactly the same as the sill of a door.
The thrill is so incredible, playing to an appreciative audience like this on an incredible piano, in an auditorium like this, it's worth it.
The thrilling video game took all my attention.
The throbbing bass was making the floor vibrate.
The throng protested against abortion.
The thrush sings each song twice over.
The thrushes are largely insectivorous, and also are fond of spiders, myriapods, sowbugs, snails, and angleworms. The vegetable portion of their diet consists mostly of berries and other small fruits. As a family thrushes can not be called clean feeders, for the food eaten often contains a considerable proportion of such matter as dead leaves, stems, and other parts of more or less decayed vegetation.
The thrushes come to our country in winter.
The thrust of this spacecraft is minuscule.
The thud of hooves resonates around the ring.
The thuds were coming from the other side of the room.
The thugs targetted interracial couples.
The thumb is the outstanding part of the human hand.
The thumbnail answers the question in the title.
The thunder became louder.
The thunder came long after the lightning.
The thunder frightened the students.
The thunder growled.
The thunder is distantly rumbling.
The thunder is rumbling in the distance.
The thunder is rumbling, and it is pouring with rain.
The thunder is rumbling, and the rain is bucketing down.
The thunder made a loud, rumbling sound nearby.
The thunder outside was getting louder.
The thunder roared.
The thunder rumbled ominously in the distance.
The thunder rumbled.
The thunder scared the children.
The thunder scares us but it isn't dangerous.
The thunder was booming louder.
The thunder was so loud that we could barely hear each other.
The thunder's rumbling, and it's lashing down.
The thunder's rumbling, and it's teeming with rain.
The thunderbolt split the oak.
The thunderclap echoed loudly through the dark sky.
The thunderstorm produced a lot of lightning.
The thunderstorm shows no signs of stopping.
The thunderstorm yesterday delayed the delivery of the mail.
The thylacine is an extinct animal.
The thylacine is known colloquially as the "Tasmanian tiger."
The thymus gland is in the chest between the lungs.
The thyroid gland is an endocrine gland.
The thyroid is an endocrine gland.
The tiara slipped off her head and cracked.
The ticket admits two persons.
The ticket booth is not always open.
The ticket clerk found baggage placed under a bench in the hall, and the ticking sound inside it made him worried.
The ticket costs 100 euros.
The ticket for the subway is cheap.
The ticket for your return journey has been arranged for.
The ticket holds good for three days.
The ticket is already on your cellphone.
The ticket is good for three days.
The ticket is good through Monday.
The ticket is valid for a week.
The ticket is valid for one hour from the moment of purchase.
The ticket is valid for one month.
The ticket is valid for one week.
The ticket is valid for two more days.
The ticket is valid to April 29.
The ticket is valid until 29 April.
The ticket is valid until October 20th.
The ticket is valid until October twentieth.
The ticket machine is out of order.
The ticket machine is out of order. We'll have to queue up at the counter.
The ticket man didn't like Luis.
The ticket man gave Luis a ticket and went away.
The ticket man gave Luis a ticket.
The ticket man was angry with Luis.
The ticket will cost not less than 1,000 yen.
The ticket you bought can't be used during peak times.
The ticket you bought can't be used during rush hour.
The ticket you bought cannot be used during peak times.
The ticket you bought cannot be used during rush hour.
The ticket you bought is not valid during peak times.
The ticket you bought isn't valid during peak times.
The ticket you bought isn't valid during peak-time travel.
The ticket you bought isn't valid for travel during peak times.
The ticket you have bought cannot be used during rush hour.
The ticket you've bought can't be used during peak times.
The ticket you've bought can't be used during rush hour.
The ticket you've bought isn't valid during peak times.
The ticket you've bought isn't valid during peak-time travel.
The ticket you've bought isn't valid for travel during peak times.
The ticket you've bought isn't valid for travel during rush hour.
The tickets I bought are non-refundable.
The tickets I bought from that scalper turned out to be fake.
The tickets are 1,000 yen each.
The tickets are 20 yen each.
The tickets are all sold out.
The tickets are already sold out.
The tickets are expensive.
The tickets are free of charge.
The tickets are thirty dollars each.
The tickets cost 20 yen apiece.
The tickets for the concert are on sale here.
The tickets for the concert are sold here.
The tickets for this attraction can only be bought online.
The tickets sold like hot cakes.
The tickets sold out within a week.
The tickets were divided into fifteen batches.
The tickets were not available for Friday's performance.
The tickets were not available for Friday’s performance.
The tickets were only a few dollars a head.
The tickets were selling like hot cakes.
The tickets were sold out in a moment.
The tickets were sold within a week.
The tickets weren't checked once during the entire journey.
The tidal barrier and flood walls need to be reinforced.
The tidal mouth of a river is also called an estuary.
The tidal wave warning has been canceled.
The tide carried the boat out to sea.
The tide comes in roughly every thirteen hours.
The tide destroyed the sand castle.
The tide had turned.
The tide has turned! The free men of the world are marching together to Victory!
The tide has turned.
The tide is coming in.
The tide is low in the morning now.
The tide is on the ebb.
The tide is rising fast.
The tide is turning against Tom.
The tide is turning.
The tide left those strolling on the beach only a narrow strip of sand they could walk on without getting their feet wet.
The tide normally leaves the beach walkers only a narrow strip of sand they can walk on without getting their feet wet.
The tide of public opinion is turning against sexism.
The tide rises approximately every six hours.
The tide rushed into the estuary at a menacing pace.
The tide was rising.
The tide's coming in.
The tides are influenced by the moon and the sun.
The tides cause sand to accrete on the shore.
The tides turn every six hours.
The tidiness of his clothes always impressed me.
The tie doesn't fit with my suit.
The tie doesn't go with my dress.
The tie doesn't go with my suit.
The tie doesn’t fit with my suit.
The tie doesn’t go with my dress.
The tie doesn’t go with my suit.
The tie goes with your jacket.
The tie is already decided.
The tie is very beautiful.
The tie is very expensive.
The tie looks good on you.
The tie suited both players.
The tie symbolizes a dog leash.
The ties between Algeria and China are good.
The tiger ate Tom.
The tiger bit into Salas's neck vertebrae, forcing them apart.
The tiger caught the guy's neck and killed him by pulling it.
The tiger cub looked like a fat cat.
The tiger cub looked like a large kitten.
The tiger escaped from the zoo.
The tiger growled loudly!
The tiger is a beast of prey.
The tiger is a vanishing species.
The tiger is hiding in a bamboo thicket.
The tiger is looking for prey.
The tiger is stalking us.
The tiger is the largest cat on the planet.
The tiger is trying with all its might to escape from the cage.
The tiger killed many people.
The tiger laid in the middle of the cage.
The tiger licked him.
The tiger lies in wait in the head-high grass, ready to pounce.
The tiger mosquito is one of the most common carriers of chikungunya and dengue.
The tiger moved back.
The tiger must be shot.
The tiger pounced.
The tiger resembles a large cat.
The tiger retreated and vanished into the jungle.
The tiger shark hunts the deer.
The tiger started to approach us.
The tiger started walking straight towards us.
The tiger tore Ziri apart.
The tiger was hit by a tranquilliser dart.
The tiger was hit with a tranquilizer dart.
The tiger was killed.
The tiger was stalking Ziri, preparing to pounce.
The tiger's stripes make it difficult to see because they merge with the vegetation and break up the outline of the body.
The tiger's teeth are powerful but they can't eat grass with them.
The tiger, having had its wounds treated, was returned by the villagers to the animal sanctuary without incident.
The tigers escaped from the zoo.
The tight band around one of her arms made her feel uncomfortable.
The tights were ripped at the knees.
The tilde is used in math to denote equivalence.
The tile is white.
The tile that fell from the roof broke into pieces.
The tile which fell from the roof broke into pieces.
The tiles are crooked.
The tiles are poorly laid.
The tiles are shiny.
The tiles in the bathroom are white.
The tiles that fell from the roof broke into pieces.
The tiles that fell from the roof broke into very small pieces.
The tiling was cold under her bare feet.
The tiling was cold under his bare feet.
The till is next to the entrance.
The tilt of the earth's axis is the reason for the season.
The timber is still green.
The time and date are to be announced.
The time and date suited our coach.
The time and the money we've spent so far has been worth it.
The time approaches, when we should think about marriage.
The time bomb exploded with a loud noise.
The time came when I had to leave Japan.
The time came.
The time capsule will be opened in fifty years.
The time change occurs during the night on Sunday.
The time flew by very quickly.
The time for skiing has gone by.
The time for sunset has gotten earlier, hasn't it?
The time for talking is over.
The time for transparency has come.
The time for unwrapping Christmas presents has started.
The time has come for a sea change.
The time has come for goodbyes.
The time has come for mankind to put an end to the madness and immorality of the arms race.
The time has come for me to leave.
The time has come for us to escape.
The time has come for us to part.
The time has come for us to stand up.
The time has come for you to leave.
The time has come for you to play your trump card.
The time has come to act.
The time has come to admit that hard work and hope are no substitute for actual knowledge.
The time has come to debate the most relevant matters.
The time has come to determine our fate and we should not wait for other people to determine it for us.
The time has come to find out.
The time has come to get out of here.
The time has come to make a stand.
The time has come to reinstall Windows!
The time has come to reveal that which has been hidden.
The time has come to say goodbye.
The time has come to say goodbye. Though we'll never see each other again, I'll never forget you.
The time has come to stop doing that.
The time has come to tell Tom the truth.
The time has come when I must tell you the truth.
The time has come when I will make myself more manifest in the church, through increasingly greater signs.
The time has come when we can travel through space.
The time has come when we must part.
The time has come.
The time has flown.
The time has now come for clarity.
The time has passed very quickly.
The time has passed.
The time is already five pm.
The time is always right to do the right thing.
The time is always right to do what's right.
The time is always right to do what’s right.
The time is approaching when we must leave.
The time is coming when human workers may be replaced by automatons.
The time is nine minutes after ten.
The time is not yet ripe.
The time is now.
The time is right.
The time is ripe for a drastic reform.
The time is ripe for action.
The time is ripe for change.
The time is seven-thirty.
The time is up to you.
The time is yet to come.
The time limit is fifteen minutes.
The time loop reset.
The time machine went wrong and transported Mike to the dinosaur era.
The time may come when people will have used up all the oil.
The time may come when we will have no war.
The time of monarchy and princing is over.
The time passed quickly.
The time reads books to kill people.
The time spent to see the monument is short.
The time spent with my parents is precious.
The time that has passed will not return.
The time that passed will never return.
The time to act is now.
The time to do that is now.
The time to relax is when you don't have time for it.
The time to work is now.
The time we've spent together has taught us everything about each other.
The time we've spent together is irreplaceable.
The time went by faster than I imagined.
The time when he did it was not known.
The time when mankind is free from hunger is yet to come.
The time when such things could happen is past.
The time will come and in it we can enjoy space travel.
The time will come when he will regret this.
The time will come when it will see the light of day.
The time will come when she will regret what she has said.
The time will come when she will repent of it.
The time will come when she'll regret it.
The time will come when she’ll regret it.
The time will come when we can enjoy space travel.
The time will come when you will be sorry for it.
The time will come when you will know the truth.
The time will come when you will regret it.
The time will come when you will regret this.
The time will come when you will understand this.
The time will come when you will understand what I mean.
The time will come when you'll regret it.
The time will come when you'll regret this.
The time will come when you'll understand.
The time will come when your dream will come true.
The time will come when you’ll regret it.
The time will pass you by if you don’t do anything.
The time will soon come when Japan will distinguish herself in winter sports.
The time will soon come when anyone can travel in space.
The time will soon come when his words will come true.
The time will soon come when man will be able to travel to the moon.
The time women spend doing housework is now a lot less than it used to be.
The time would fail me if I were to recite all the big names in history whose exploits are perfectly irrational and even shocking to the business mind.
The time you dedicate to the study of Latin will always be fruitful.
The time you waste today is irretrievably lost.
The time you waste today is lost for good.
The time'll come, and you'll understand.
The time-bomb exploded with a loud noise.
The timecodes of the funniest moments from the stream (in my opinion): 00:00:17, 00:14:35, 00:35:49 and 01:24:55.
The timer began to count down.
The timer has already been set.
The times are changed and we are changed in them.
The times are hard.
The times are tough.
The times of chivalry between two rivals is long gone.
The timetable has been revised.
The timetable is not to be depended on.
The timetable says the train will arrive soon.
The timetable says the train's going to arrive soon.
The timetable was disrupted.
The time—which, looking back, seems so idyllic—is gone forever when individuals or relatively small groups could be completely self-sufficient.
The timid creatures of the field, the simple flowers of the bush and garden, grew and withered in their destined terms: and all upon the fierce and bloody battle-ground, where thousands upon thousands had been killed in the great fight.
The timid man trembled with fear.
The timid soldier was tormented by terrible nightmares.
The timing belt ensures the choreography of piston, valve and plug continues unabated.
The timing couldn't be better.
The timing couldn't be worse.
The timing couldn't have been better.
The timing is always wrong.
The timing is critical.
The timing is especially propitious for Mr. Zidane, whose family comes from the Berber region of Kabylie.
The timing is perfect.
The timing is right.
The timing is unfortunate.
The timing of the announcement hurts the public relations of the police.
The timing of the attack was unfortunate.
The timing was accidental.
The timing was impeccable.
The timing was perfect.
The timing wasn't accidental.
The timing wasn't right.
The timing wasn't very good.
The timing will be crucial.
The tin box held priceless stones.
The tines of the fork are bent.
The tines of the fork have been bent.
The tines of the fork were bent.
The tinkles of sleigh bells among the snowy hills came like elfin chimes through the frosty air.
The tinto de verano looks like the calimocho.
The tiny birthmark took nothing from her loveliness.
The tiny girl took off her hat.
The tiny lamb bleated softly.
The tiny plants are not usually toxic on their own, but the overabundance creates so-called dead zones because they suck all the oxygen out of the water. In Sweden, researchers have enlisted the aid of native fish that can slow down the out of control growth of algae.
The tiny restaurant was packed.
The tiny spacecrafts would be driven by a powerful beam of light generated here on Earth. It would capture images and gather scientific data of possible planets in Alpha Centauri, the nearest star system, in just a little over 20 years after being launched.
The tiny yellow flowers are edible as well, and tasty.
The tip led the police to a monstrous crime.
The tip of my teeth hurt whenever I bite into something cold.
The tip of the key broke.
The tip of the knife blade is sharp.
The tip of the knife is sharp.
The tip of the spear was dipped in a deadly poison.
The tipser did not survive.
The tipster was a stranger.
The tiramisu at Benedito's restaurant is decadent.
The tire factory employs 250 people.
The tire hit a sharp rock.
The tire is from another model.
The tire is leaking.
The tire is losing air.
The tire is low.
The tire leaks air.
The tire needs air.
The tire of Gabor's truck was flat again.
The tire on my bicycle is flat.
The tire punctured and Gunter crashed.
The tire was pierced by a nail.
The tire was rolling down the hill.
The tired baby is sleeping.
The tired boy is fast asleep.
The tired man untied the bow tie and took out his contact lenses.
The tired musicians gave a lacklustre performance.
The tired old lady had bags under her eyes.
The tired paramedic handed over his patient for surgery.
The tires are black.
The tires are very sticky.
The tires need some more air.
The tires of this car don't have enough air in them.
The tires of this car don’t have enough air in them.
The tires on my car are almost bald.
The tires on the car caught in the mud.
The tires squealed.
The tissue paper sucked away the spilled juice.
The tit-for-tat consulate closures further escalated the tensions between the two countries over issues from trade and industrial espionage to human rights.
The title cut off the Mobius Trio's new album "Last Light" was written by the head of the Conservatory's composition department, Professor Dan Becker. Mobius had another song written for them by music history professor Luciano Chessa.
The title defender finally won in the tie-breaker round.
The title has a double meaning.
The title has an exclamation point.
The title is completely dishonest.
The title is misleading.
The title of the article is sensationalist.
The title of the book caught his interest.
The title of the book is intriguing.
The title of the book seemed interesting.
The title of the book should be italicized.
The title of the book was: "On the wild sea with a boat".
The title of the document needs to be centered.
The title of this play is "Othello".
The title to the house passed from father to son.
The title wise is, for the most part, falsely applied.
The titles might correspond.
The titter that rippled around the room appeared to abash the boy.
The toad became prince.
The toad is a very interesting animal.
The toad started to croak.
The toadstools were mostly white.
The toast has burned black.
The toast is cold.
The toast looks burnt.
The toast popped out of the toaster.
The toast popped up from the toaster.
The toast popped up.
The toast proposed by Tom was about our current successes and those we aspired to.
The toast was toasted perfectly.
The toaster has been questioning its purpose ever since someone plugged it into a philosophical AI.
The toaster is broken!
The toaster was useful during busy mornings.
The toaster whispered my name every morning, but only when I was alone.
The toaster-oven's timer rings. The fragrant smell of well toasted bread.
The toaster-oven’s timer rings. The fragrant smell of well toasted bread.
The tobacco garden dog barked.
The toddler cried.
The toddler giggled and waved her tiny hand when Gabriel approached her.
The toddler giggled gleefully as she chased after the bubbles.
The toddler wobbled over to its mother.
The toddler wobbled when he first stood up.
The toddler's first steps were ungainly as she wobbled and stumbled.
The toddler's socks are bright red.
The tofu is delicious.
The tofu is so delicious.
The toilet doesn't flush properly.
The toilet doesn't flush.
The toilet doesn't work.
The toilet doesn’t flush properly.
The toilet doesn’t flush.
The toilet door is closed.
The toilet flush doesn't work anymore.
The toilet flushes automatically.
The toilet flushes.
The toilet is backed up.
The toilet is behind the staircase.
The toilet is blocked.
The toilet is clean.
The toilet is clogged again.
The toilet is clogged.
The toilet is closed for the time being.
The toilet is dirty.
The toilet is downstairs.
The toilet is engaged.
The toilet is on the left.
The toilet is on the right.
The toilet is out of order at the moment.
The toilet is over there.
The toilet is small.
The toilet is stopped up.
The toilet is temporarily closed.
The toilet is there.
The toilet is upstairs.
The toilet is very dirty.
The toilet needed cleaning.
The toilet overflowed.
The toilet paper challenge is popular among pet owners.
The toilet paper has run out!
The toilet paper has run out.
The toilet paper is gone.
The toilet paper is used up.
The toilet seat was easy to install.
The toilet was outside, in the yard.
The toilet won't stop running.
The toilet won’t stop running.
The toilet-paper-roll-shaped cakes were an instant hit.
The toilets are behind the stairs.
The toilets are blocked.
The toilets are clogged.
The toilets are dirty.
The toilets are on the ground floor.
The toilets at motorway service stations are often very dirty.
The toilets were immaculate.
The tolerance of ambiguities is necessary in learning a language.
The toll from the accident was 5 persons dead and 100 persons injured.
The toll's going up.
The tom cat was the master of the house, and the hen was mistress, and they always said, "We and the world," for they believed themselves to be half the world, and the better half too. The duckling thought that others might hold a different opinion on the subject, but the hen would not listen to such doubts.
The tom is dead.
The tom's dead.
The tom's name is Tom.
The tomahawk is a type of Native American axe.
The tomato crop is of good quality.
The tomato is a food that provides us with a good quantity of vitamin C.
The tomato is a nightshade.
The tomato is a vegetable, not a fruit.
The tomato is an American plant.
The tomato is not a vegetable.
The tomato is ripe.
The tomato is subject to a number of diseases.
The tomato isn't a vegetable.
The tomato price has risen again.
The tomato sauce was great.
The tomato soup tastes good.
The tomatoes have grown well.
The tombs belonged to a senior statesman, a priest, a prince, and two noblewomen, with only remnants left of their coffins and mummies.
The tombstone was made of polished granite.
The tombstone was very archaic-looking.
The tomcat basked in the sun.
The tomcat is dead.
The tomcat sunned himself.
The tomcat was basking in the sun.
The tomcat was sunning himself.
The tomcat's dead.
The tomcat's name is Tom.
The tone in which those words were spoken utterly belied them.
The tone of dogmatism is inspired by profound ignorance.
The tone of his voice was very sad.
The tone will give character to the song.
The tone, reproachful and irritating, in which this was spoken, was answered in a sweet, calm voice.
The toner cartridge needed to be replaced after only a few months.
The toner cartridge needs to be replaced.
The tongue and the palate are the taste organs.
The tongue can cut deeper than the sword.
The tongue cuts the deepest of all.
The tongue ever turns to the aching tooth.
The tongue has been the downfall of many men.
The tongue has brought about the downfall of many people.
The tongue has no bones but is strong enough to break hearts.
The tongue has no bones, however, being malicious, it is capable of hurting its own mouth.
The tongue is mute, unable to express itself.
The tongue is sharper than the sword.
The tongue is the heart's translator.
The tongue is the midwife of all disasters.
The tongue is the strongest muscle in the body.
The tongue of a blue whale weighs more than an elephant.
The tongue of a cat feels rough.
The tongue of a giraffe can be as long as twenty inches.
The tongue stings.
The tongue wounds more than a lance.
The tool enables us to work.
The toolbox is in the garage.
The tools are in the container.
The tooth fairy is a tooth thief.
The tooth fairy teaches children that they can sell body parts for money.
The tooth fairy took my tooth and left me 2 dollars. I'm going to spend it all on candy.
The tooth fairy wants to steal your teeth.
The toothache made his face swell up.
The toothbrush is above the sink.
The toothless little girl smiled at me.
The toothpaste has run out.
The toothpaste is on the sink.
The top 10 places with the highest life expectancies are Japan, Singapore, Andorra, which is a microstate near Spain and France, Iceland and Cyprus, followed by Israel, France, Italy, South Korea and Canada.
The top 25 hedge fund managers make more than all of the kindergarten teachers in America combined.
The top U.S. export to China was soybeans.
The top U.S. infectious disease expert, the National Institutes of Health’s Dr. Anthony Fauci, said last week the drug is not a cure-all but certainly shows promise as a treatment.
The top cupboard is where he keeps his coffee.
The top eight players survived the ninth day of the tournament.
The top engineer put the car through a series of rigorous tests.
The top execs are gathering for a power breakfast.
The top favorites of each section were gathered together.
The top few meters of the ocean store as much heat as Earth's entire atmosphere.
The top floor is an attic.
The top floor of the town's only high-rise building offers a wonderful view across town, with not a high-rise in sight.
The top is covered with snow.
The top is false.
The top is loose.
The top is turning clockwise.
The top leaders of seven countries attended the meeting.
The top menu of your web browser or application may read: "File, Edit, View, Favorites, History, Bookmarks, Tools, Help."
The top of Mt. Fuji is covered with snow.
The top of Mt. Fuji was covered with snow.
The top of that mountain is flat.
The top of the hill is a good vantage point.
The top of the hill is flat.
The top of the hill was bare.
The top of the hill was completely deserted.
The top of the mountain is always covered with snow.
The top of the mountain is covered in snow.
The top of the mountain is covered with snow.
The top of the mountain was covered in snow.
The top of the mountain was covered with snow.
The top of this tree is level with the fence.
The top part is turning clockwise.
The top soccer league in Spain, La Liga, postponed matches for a minimum of 14 days.
The top spun perilously close to the edge of the table.
The top three scores are mine.
The top went around and around.
The top-secret dossier was sitting out on his desk in plain view. Would she have time to peek inside before he returned?
The topic has been highly disputed.
The topic is happiness.
The topic is really interesting, but it's hard to discuss.
The topic is really interesting, but it's hard to talk about.
The topic is taboo here.
The topic is undeniably fascinating.
The topic is worth discussing.
The topic of a text isn't always in the first line.
The topic of global warming happened to come up during the conference.
The topic of the episode is "I am the baddest son of a bitch around".
The topic of their discussion was exhausted.
The topic of this video ties it perfectly with the game sponsoring the channel.
The topic was left alone.
The topics range from easy to more challenging.
The topography of the state and low population levels are among the reasons why affordable broadband is lacking, he says.
The toponym Marrakech comes from Amurakkuc; Amur, the land of the god Akuch.
The toponym Tunis comes from the root "ens", a night camp for troops.
The toponyms that I have just given are those of places of Djemaa-Saharidj village. Did you know that?
The topping on the cake is her favourite bit.
The torch does not light its own stand.
The torch went out.
The torches highlighted a strange figure on the wall.
The torches were arranged in a pentagram.
The torn dollar bill passed through several hands.
The tornado destroyed our town.
The tornado destroyed the town.
The tornado destroyed the whole village.
The tornado did not hit Felix's house.
The tornado died out.
The tornado dissipated without harm.
The tornado is coming.
The tornado is getting bigger and bigger.
The tornado killed more than twenty people.
The tornado left a trail of destruction in its wake.
The tornado outbreak caused devastation in multiple cities across Kentucky and Missouri.
The tornado passed through the city and headed to the sea.
The tornado ravaged the region.
The tornado ripped through the small town, leaving a swath of destruction in its wake.
The tornado touched down two kilometers from my school.
The tornado's damage path was wide and long.
The torrent was about to overtake and submerge him when a voice from behind called out: “Throw the demon thou carriest into the sea, if thou dost not desire to perish.” Dahut at that moment fell from the horse’s back into the water, and the torrent immediately stopped its course.
The torrential rain did quite a bit of damage.
The torrential rain took everyone by surprise.
The tortoise bought itself a car in order to go faster.
The tortoise has no teeth.
The tortoise loves salad.
The tortoise was pulling on something.
The tortoise went faster.
The torture continued for hours.
The torture had dramatic consequences on his personality.
The torture made him confess to crimes he had not committed.
The torturer gave Skura an extremely painful pinch.
The tot had sticky fingers.
The tot still liked baby food.
The total amount is payable on delivery.
The total amounted to 100 dollars.
The total area of Portugal would fit, with room to spare, within the Brazilian state of Pernambuco, the seventh smallest state in Brazil.
The total at the bottom of the page is carried forward.
The total bill for drinks came up to 7000 dollars.
The total came to ten dollars.
The total comes to $33.33.
The total comes to 3,000 yen.
The total comes to 30 dollars even.
The total cost of the project is approximately sixty million Euro.
The total eclipse of the Sun will be visible tomorrow in the southern hemisphere.
The total eclipse will last 1 hour and 43 minutes.
The total expense for the project amounts to one hundred million yen.
The total includes tax.
The total is approximately ten thousand dollars.
The total is one hundred.
The total net worth of the world's richest people rose by 18% in 2016 to $7.67 trillion.
The total number of cases is estimated at just under 2,000, but some public health experts, including Dr. Joanne Liu, president of Doctors Without Borders (MSF), say many cases are going unreported as patients resist hospitalization and isolation wards, preferring to entrust their care to family members instead.
The total population of the country is 300 million.
The total solar eclipse can be observed next year on June 22nd.
The total solar eclipse will be visible tomorrow from the southern hemisphere.
The totalitarian era is passing, its old ideas blown away like leaves from an ancient, lifeless tree.
The totality of his ailments is grave.
The touching episode came home to me.
The tougher question might be "Who's the someone?"
The tougher, the better.
The tour bus has crossed the border.
The tour group travelled in a coach.
The tour guide can only speak English.
The tour guide can speak three languages.
The tour guide doesn't know what he's talking about, and the book is better. Let's leave this tour and do it ourselves.
The tour guide pointed out the sight.
The tour guide stole my identity.
The tour was canceled.
The tour will last at least eight hours.
The tour will take about three hours.
The tour's going great.
The tourism has provided much-needed economic help to this area.
The tourism sector rebounded in 2017, with visitor arrivals rising 3.2% to 58.47 million.
The tourist asked for lodging for the night.
The tourist bus crossed the border.
The tourist information center gave a city map to whoever asked it.
The tourist office is open from nine o'clock to one o'clock.
The tourist path led along the crest of the mountain.
The tourist took a picture of the famous monument while pretending to support it with his hand.
The tourist tried to order a salami pizza using gestures.
The tourist unfolded his map.
The tourists admired the building.
The tourists applauded the banjo player.
The tourists are very noisy.
The tourists as well as local people come to the square for shopping.
The tourists bought souvenirs.
The tourists camped in the meadow, unpacked their sleeping-bags, and inflated their air-beds.
The tourists drove past blooming fruit trees.
The tourists got there first.
The tourists had to leave the town before dawn.
The tourists have taken over the beach.
The tourists have visited the house of the famous painter.
The tourists listen to the guide's explanations.
The tourists painted the whole town red.
The tourists scare away the animals and disrupt their natural activity patterns.
The tourists took lots of pictures.
The tourists visit the museum.
The tourists wandered around the stores.
The tourists were admiring the building.
The tourists were afraid of their own shadow.
The tourists were fascinated with the exquisite scenery.
The tourists were hurried from one museum to the next for lack of time.
The tourists were not happy.
The tourists were ripped off at the nightclub.
The tournament was delayed three hours by rain.
The tow company delivered my wrecked car to the salvage yard yesterday.
The tow truck took the car to the mechanic.
The tow truck took the car to the repair shop.
The towel Tom was using was blue.
The towel counted for nothing.
The towel dried out.
The towel fell to the floor.
The towel got dirty.
The towel got wet.
The towel has a very faint spot of dust.
The towel is a metre long and seventy centimetres wide.
The towel is brown.
The towel is dark green.
The towel is dry.
The towel is hanging behind the door.
The towel is in the bathroom.
The towel is in the tub.
The towel is light green.
The towel is on the floor.
The towel is on the towel rack.
The towel is red and white.
The towel is red.
The towel is wet.
The towel looks nice.
The towel looks really nice.
The towel on the left is Tom's.
The towel on the left is yours.
The towel rack fell off the wall.
The towel rack is a little bit loose.
The towel rack is broken again.
The towel rack is broken.
The towel rack is extremely loose.
The towel rack is fixed.
The towel rack is going to be here.
The towel rack is in front of the toilet seat.
The towel rack is in the box.
The towel rack is installed in the right place.
The towel rack is nice and tight.
The towel rack is pretty solid.
The towel rack is ready for use.
The towel rack is ready to install.
The towel rack is really loose.
The towel rack is right next to the sink.
The towel rack is still in the box.
The towel rack is very loose.
The towel rack is very loose. Could you fix it, please?
The towel rack isn't stable anymore.
The towel rack isn't very sturdy anymore.
The towel rack looks nice.
The towel rack seems really solid.
The towel smells.
The towel that I usually use is yellow.
The towel was quite useless.
The towel was wet.
The towel wasn't at all useful.
The towel wasn't useful at all.
The towels are dirty.
The towels are dry.
The towels are in the closet.
The towels are in the washing machine.
The towels are on the shelf.
The towels came with a custom monogram.
The towels didn't bleach.
The towels have completely dried.
The towels have kept their colors.
The towels in the bathroom are dirty.
The towels seem new enough, if slightly threadbare.
The towels shrank.
The towels smell.
The towels were tightly folded.
The tower being subject to great torsional strains is erected on a massive concrete foundation.
The tower can be seen from here.
The tower collapsed.
The tower commands a fine view of the lake.
The tower fell into ruin.
The tower has a conical roof.
The tower is as high as 220 meters.
The tower is close to the old castle.
The tower is fifteen meters tall.
The tower is fifteen metres high.
The tower is fifteen metres tall.
The tower is four meters tall.
The tower is going to collapse.
The tower is three hundred and twenty-one meters high.
The tower leaned slightly to the left.
The tower leaned slightly to the west.
The tower looks beautiful against the evening sky.
The tower occupied a prominent spot on the ridge.
The tower rose up against the blue sky.
The tower stood amid the ruins.
The tower stood among ruins.
The tower was blown to atoms.
The tower was dilapidated and had to be torn down.
The tower was easy of access.
The tower was seen clearly against the blue sky.
The tower, tall and narrow, and built of a greyish stone, stood glimmering in the moonlight, like the sheeted spectre of some huge giant.
The towering citadel is understood to be the city's nerve centre.
The towering trees in the woods made Gustavo feel small and insignificant, in the best possible way.
The towers were full of explosives.
The town I grew up in was very small.
The town Slough has a very suitable name.
The town attracts tourists not only because of its many lovingly restored historic monuments, but also because of the charm of the surrounding landscape and nearby coast.
The town began as a mining camp.
The town began to decline after the local factory closed.
The town centre is completely deserted.
The town church has been completely redone.
The town continued growing.
The town could do more to promote fossil safaris out to the nearby quarries, where visitors can easily find their own fossils to take home.
The town council rubbish dump is full of rats.
The town developed into the center of the economy.
The town elected a new leader.
The town fell into ruin.
The town felt like a metropolis.
The town gave birth to many men of note.
The town got most of its information from radio shows because the Internet infrastructure was not reliable.
The town grew into a city.
The town grew slowly until coal was discovered in the area.
The town had three lumber mills, four shingle mills, and a gristmill.
The town hall is in the centre of town.
The town hall is in the town centre.
The town hall was built between 1895 and 1897.
The town hall was full of people.
The town has a European air.
The town has a long sandy beach.
The town has a simple structure.
The town has a small population.
The town has a very long sandy beach.
The town has altered a lot in the last two years.
The town has an air of prosperity.
The town has beautiful surroundings.
The town has changed a great deal since then.
The town has changed a lot since then.
The town has many high buildings.
The town has many narrow lanes.
The town has many tall buildings.
The town has one of the biggest ports in the country.
The town has three cemeteries.
The town in ruins, burning, people and children being killed.
The town in which I live is rather small.
The town in which I was born is famous for its old castle.
The town is 3 miles from the place.
The town is a cage.
The town is accessible by rail.
The town is always crawling with tourists.
The town is an hour away by bus.
The town is an industrial community.
The town is badly signposted.
The town is beautiful.
The town is below sea level.
The town is completely flooded.
The town is deserted.
The town is divided into five districts: Ambaras, Kurdtatal, Mingis, Sarshahar, and Uch.
The town is dying.
The town is encircled by the enemy.
The town is famous for its hot spring.
The town is famous for its old castle.
The town is fifty miles north of London.
The town is full of tourists.
The town is full of travelers.
The town is in a mountainous district.
The town is located in the extreme north of Japan.
The town is located twelve miles from the sea.
The town is nearly fifteen kilometres from the village.
The town is organising a big firework display.
The town is packed with tourists.
The town is protected by a golem.
The town is situated 1,500 meters above sea level.
The town is situated on a slope.
The town is so nice!
The town is supplied with water from a reservoir in the hills.
The town is supplied with water from the river.
The town is surrounded by a high wall.
The town is surrounded by a wall.
The town is surrounded by hills.
The town is to the west of London.
The town is two miles away from the coast.
The town is worth seeing.
The town laid buried for centuries.
The town lay buried for centuries.
The town lies just above London.
The town lies on the seashore.
The town lies to the west of London.
The town looks like a place forgotten by time.
The town managed to thwart plans to build a nuclear power plant nearby.
The town musicians of Bremen had no home.
The town needs a new bathhouse.
The town of Ath Douala is located in Tizi Ouzou.
The town of Cocullo is known for the Festa dei Serpari, in which the patron saint's statue is transported in a procession covered with snakes.
The town of Jokkmokk in Northern Sweden sets up an annual market offering visitors the opportunity to participate in a sled race with reindeer.
The town of Kalofer has applied to the U.N. cultural agency UNESCO for this traditional ritual to be inscribed as part of the "intangible cultural heritage of humanity."
The town of Kemmerer calls itself “Wyoming’s Aquarium in Stone.” Quarries just outside town yield schools of fossilized fish with just a few taps of a chisel.
The town organises a big firework display.
The town restored this old historic building.
The town showed their anger during the presidential elections.
The town slept peacefully.
The town slept.
The town square becomes a market once a week.
The town square turns into a market once a week.
The town square turns into a public market once a week.
The town twinning committee organised this exhibition.
The town was defended by a large army.
The town was deluged with tourists in summer.
The town was deserted by its inhabitants.
The town was deserted.
The town was desolate after the flood.
The town was destroyed by the flood after the storm.
The town was destroyed during the war.
The town was devastated by the flood.
The town was eerily quiet.
The town was entirely destroyed by the aliens.
The town was established in the 18th century.
The town was evacuated.
The town was exactly the same as before.
The town was flooded with strange foreign languages.
The town was flooded with strange foreign words.
The town was full of activity.
The town was full of young couples.
The town was humming with activity.
The town was infected by the virus and is now quarantined.
The town was mostly empty.
The town was nestled in a forest of tall trees.
The town was sleeping peacefully.
The town was subjected to an aerial attack.
The town was surrounded by a wall.
The town was zoned for factories and residences.
The town water supply was seriously obstructed by heavy rainfalls.
The town we live in is beside the sea.
The town where I grew up didn't have parking meters.
The town where I live is quite small.
The town where I live is very quiet and resembles a village.
The town where I was born is beautiful.
The town where Tom and I were born isn't very large.
The town where he was brought up lies east of Osaka.
The town will change in another ten years.
The town's highest point is 592 metres above sea level.
The town's population dwindled and dwindled.
The town, once peaceful and flourishing, now seedy and sad, is ruled by a ruthless businessman.
The townsfolk were convinced that the string of murders was tied to a satanic cult.
The townsfolk were frightened by the earthquake.
The townspeople applauded.
The townspeople cheered.
The townspeople like to eat thick steaks.
The townspeople looked curiously at me.
The townspeople were astonishingly naive about what the smugglers were.
The townspeople weren't ready for the changes that were about to happen.
The town’s clock struck noon.
The toxicity of our cheap foods makes us more prone to give birth to handicapped offspring.
The toxin that causes diphtheria is produced by a normally benign bacterium when infected with a certain virus.
The toy department is on the fifth floor.
The toy had a label on it that said "Not for children under 18".
The toy industry in Spain is already starting to feel the shortage of certain plastics.
The toy is going to fall apart.
The toy is made of wood.
The toy is starting to disintegrate.
The toy ran out of batteries.
The toy seller was very friendly.
The toy store is by the school.
The toy store is closed.
The toy suddenly spoke in a deep voice.
The toy the boy was playing with is broken.
The toy train went around the room.
The toy you bought was broken.
The toys Tom made sold like hotcakes at the flea market last week.
The toys also want to sleep now.
The toys are hidden in the red box.
The toys started falling on their own.
The toys that Tom made sold like hotcakes at the flea market last week.
The toyshop? It's next to the school.
The trace amounts of cyanide produced when apple seeds are digested are harmless.
The traces led us here.
The trachea, or windpipe, is a cylindrical tube extending from the lower part of the larynx to where it divides into the bronchi.
The track club was the only place where I could be myself.
The track descends.
The track is high and edgy.
The track is one of 11 songs Urban wrote or co-wrote for his new album.
The track meet was called off on account of the heavy rain.
The track of a horse was plainly outlined in the soft earth in front of him, and the shoe which he took from his pocket exactly fitted the impression.
The tracks appeared to be from animals.
The tracks are fresh.
The tracks are still fresh.
The tracks end here.
The tracks looked like bloody footprints.
The tracks run parallel to the road.
The tracks were definitely fresh.
The tractor driver, having removed his cap with his oil-stained hand, brushed his hair back.
The tractor is my most important vehicle.
The tractor was a lot harder to drive than I expected.
The trade agreement must provide a level playing field in which to compete.
The trade balance registered a surplus of $76 billion, with exports reaching $314 billion and imports $238 billion.
The trade fair recorded record visitor numbers this year.
The trade fair takes place at the exhibition centre outside the city.
The trade imbalance between two nations should be improved.
The trade imbalance bulks large in our minds.
The trade negotiations are still up in the air.
The trade of all other countries including Bangladesh decreased during this period.
The trade of critic, in literature, music, and the drama, is the most degraded of all.
The trade union has called a strike.
The trade union movement is the capitalism of the working class.
The trade unions foster a state of affairs which allows one set of workers to be pitted against one another in wage wars.
The trade winds also drive sailing vessels from the Americas toward Asia.
The trademark is very well known.
The tradesman has the same religion all over the world.
The tradesman promised to come the next day.
The tradesmen had to leave without having achieved anything because no one answered the door.
The tradespeople had to leave without having done anything because no one opened the door to them.
The tradition began when theatergoers started sticking wads of gum to the bricks while waiting in line.
The tradition has not taken root.
The tradition has taken root.
The tradition of Russian nesting eggs, intricately painted with elaborate designs, showcases the meticulous craftsmanship and artistic talent of Russian artisans.
The tradition of making a wish when you see a shooting star is very old.
The tradition of turkey farmers giving presidents the birds as gifts for Thanksgiving dates to the 1870s, but according to the White House site, so many turkeys were being sent that in 1923, then-President Calvin Coolidge discouraged farmers from sending them.
The traditional American dinner includes meat, potatoes and a vegetable.
The traditional Inuit anorak has built-in space for baby at the back.
The traditional definition of criterion validity is the correlation of a scale with some other measure of the trait under study, ideally a 'gold standard'.
The traditional elements are all in place—including the Seder plate which holds unleavened bread, green vegetables, bitter herbs and a shank bone.
The traditional way of learning a language may satisfy at most one's sense of duty, but it can hardly serve as a source of joy. Nor will it likely be successful.
The traditional way of learning a language may satisfy at most one’s sense of duty, but it can hardly serve as a source of joy. Nor will it likely be successful.
The traditional way of removing indoor air pollutants is through filtration methods that remove harmful air from the house while pumping in cleaner air from outdoors.
The traditional wedding colour in China is red.
The traditions live on.
The traffic accident delayed the cars last night.
The traffic accident deprived him of his sight.
The traffic accident deprived the young man of his sight.
The traffic accident happened before my very eyes.
The traffic accident is fresh in his memory.
The traffic accident prevented me from catching the train.
The traffic accident took place on the highway.
The traffic accident took place on the main highway.
The traffic banked up for several kilometres because two lanes were closed for roadworks.
The traffic crept along at a snail's pace.
The traffic crept along at a snail’s pace.
The traffic ground to a halt.
The traffic has built up here.
The traffic in Algiers is insane.
The traffic in this city drives me crazy.
The traffic in this street is bonkers.
The traffic is bonkers today.
The traffic is bumper-to-bumper during rush hour.
The traffic is heavy here, especially in the morning.
The traffic is heavy here.
The traffic is heavy on our roads.
The traffic is moving at a snail's pace.
The traffic is moving very slowly.
The traffic is stopped because of the accident.
The traffic is terrible today.
The traffic is terrible.
The traffic jam caused me to be late for the meeting.
The traffic jam lasted an hour.
The traffic jam lasted four hours.
The traffic jam lasted one hour.
The traffic jam stretched all the way from the motorway to the city centre.
The traffic jam was caused by a car crash.
The traffic jam was caused by an accident.
The traffic laws are only a suggestion in this country.
The traffic light changed to red.
The traffic light doesn't work.
The traffic light is red.
The traffic light turned green.
The traffic light turned red.
The traffic light was green.
The traffic lights are all synchronized.
The traffic lights are amber.
The traffic lights are green.
The traffic lights are on amber.
The traffic lights are on red.
The traffic lights are red.
The traffic lights are synchronized.
The traffic lights control traffic.
The traffic lights don't work at the crossing of Mary and Tom streets.
The traffic lights in this city are synchronised such that if you keep exactly to the speed limit, you have to stop at each one.
The traffic lights were all red.
The traffic lights were amber, so we stopped.
The traffic lights were on amber, so we stopped.
The traffic noise interfered with my sleep.
The traffic rules are not often obeyed.
The traffic signal is green.
The traffic slowly eased.
The traffic starts to build up at this time of day.
The traffic today is mad.
The traffic warden was extremely rude.
The traffic was backed up for miles.
The traffic was bad.
The traffic was heavy for Thursday morning.
The traffic was heavy so I was late for the meeting.
The traffic was heavy so Tom and I were late for the meeting.
The traffic was interrupted by the heavy snow.
The traffic was lighter than we expected, so we got here a bit earlier than we expected to.
The traffic was paralyzed by the snowstorm.
The traffic was really heavy this morning.
The traffic was terrible.
The traffic was unrelenting, so I decided to use the subway to cross the road.
The traffic was very heavy. The cars were lined up bumper to bumper.
The traffic wasn't moving between Exits 22 and 23.
The traffic wasn’t moving between Exits 22 and 23.
The traffic's congested.
The traffic's hardly moving.
The traffic's terrible.
The tragedy happened suddenly.
The tragedy has been so uncommon, so complete and of such personal importance to so many people, that we are suffering from a plethora of surmise, conjecture, and hypothesis.
The tragedy left a scar on my mind.
The tragedy must be remembered so it isn't repeated.
The tragedy must be remembered so that it is not repeated.
The tragedy must be remembered so that it isn't repeated.
The tragedy of love is indifference.
The tragedy of machismo is that a man is never quite man enough.
The tragedy of war must not be forgotten.
The tragedy saddened Tom.
The tragedy that unfolded was bound to happen.
The tragic event haunted Tom all his life.
The tragic mistake affected many people.
The tragic news drove his mother mad.
The trail ahead looked rough.
The trail became a swamp.
The trail became more treacherous.
The trail ended.
The trail enters into the dense forest.
The trail got steeper.
The trail has gone cold.
The trail headed off in an entirely different direction.
The trail is always there.
The trail is clearly marked.
The trail is known by locals.
The trail is nice.
The trail is unimproved, and sometimes rough, but the 6-mile hike is rewarded by views of the magnificent canyons, the bridges, and ancient Indian ruins.
The trail is used by hikers.
The trail is washed out up ahead.
The trail isn't frequently used.
The trail leads deeper into the woods.
The trail leads into a beautiful valley.
The trail leads through the woods.
The trail started going a little bit uphill.
The trail took Ziri deeper and deeper into the woods.
The trail was about four miles long.
The trail was barely visible.
The trail was beautiful.
The trail was covered in snow.
The trail was mostly uphill.
The trail was not clearly marked.
The trail was on the left.
The trail was void of any people.
The trail wasn't very steep and was very easy to walked down.
The trail will get you to your destination much quicker.
The trail will take you through trees and some beautiful meadows.
The trail will take you up the mountain.
The trail winds through dense forests.
The trailer goes with the car.
The trails were difficult for a trek.
The trails were old and rocky.
The trails were overgrown.
The train I wanted to take has already left.
The train I was on gathered speed.
The train Tom and Mary are waiting for is going to be late.
The train Tom is waiting for is going to be late.
The train Tom was travelling on was struck by lightning.
The train almost derailed.
The train already left the station.
The train already starts.
The train always came early in the morning.
The train approached the town.
The train arrival is to the second!
The train arrived 30 minutes late due to a rise in the temperature of the rails.
The train arrived at Osaka station.
The train arrived at the right time at the train station.
The train arrived at the station a half an hour ahead of schedule.
The train arrived at the station half an hour early.
The train arrived at the station on time.
The train arrived at the station thirty minutes behind schedule.
The train arrived bang on time.
The train arrived exactly on time.
The train arrived in Kyoto on time.
The train arrived in London.
The train arrived late because of snow.
The train arrived late because of the snow.
The train arrived late because of the snowstorm.
The train arrived late.
The train arrived on schedule.
The train arrived on time to Kyoto.
The train arrived on time, so we didn't have to wait at all.
The train arrived on time, so we didn’t have to wait at all.
The train arrived on time.
The train arrived right on time.
The train arrived safely at the station a few minutes ago.
The train arrived ten minutes behind schedule.
The train arrived ten minutes behind time.
The train arrived ten minutes late.
The train arrived.
The train arrives at platform number 5.
The train arrives on platform number 5.
The train arriving at platform 4 is the 14.56 service to Liverpool Lime Street.
The train began to move.
The train belched clouds of black smoke into the air as it chugged away.
The train bound for Sendai has just left.
The train brings the coal to the factory.
The train came on time.
The train came out of the long tunnel forming the border, and there was the snow country.
The train came thirteen minutes late.
The train came to a grinding stop.
The train came to a smooth stop.
The train came trundling slowly down the track.
The train collision had tragic consequences.
The train connections at this station are excellent.
The train consists of 7 carriages.
The train contains seven freight cars.
The train continued to gather speed.
The train continued to pick up speed.
The train crash looked like a disaster movie.
The train crashed into a truck at a railroad crossing.
The train departed Kobe station.
The train departed after ten minutes, arriving at the terminus only five minutes late.
The train departed at precisely ten o'clock.
The train departed on time.
The train departs at 2.30.
The train departs at 3:30.
The train departs at 7.15 a.m.
The train departs at 7:15 a.m.
The train departs at half past two.
The train departs at six o'clock and arrives at ten.
The train departs from here at 9.00 a.m.
The train departs here at 9:00 a.m.
The train departs in five minutes.
The train departs in twenty-nine minutes.
The train derailed causing panic among the passengers, but no casualties were reported.
The train derailed just before the railway station.
The train did not arrive on time.
The train didn't stop at my station.
The train didn't wait for me.
The train didn’t wait for me.
The train disappeared from view.
The train doesn't alight here.
The train doesn't stop at that station.
The train doesn't stop here.
The train doesn’t stop at that station.
The train doors are closed.
The train doors are open.
The train doors closed.
The train doors were open.
The train driver didn't wait for the oncoming train to pass by.
The train driver is signalling the departure with his whistle.
The train driver signals the departure with his whistle.
The train driver told police that he tried to apply the brakes, but they didn't work.
The train driver was found to have been using his cellphone before the accident.
The train driver went through a red light.
The train exploded.
The train finally arrived.
The train finally passed that station.
The train finally started again.
The train flipped over.
The train for Birmingham leaves from platform 3.
The train for Cambridge leaves from Platform 5.
The train from Geneva will arrive at the station.
The train from Krakow to Warsaw had to stop because of a young Muslim who had started to say a Mohammedan prayer.
The train from Paris had just arrived.
The train from Paris has just arrived.
The train gained speed gradually.
The train gained speed.
The train gathered speed.
The train gave a shrill scream as it entered the tunnel.
The train goes through the city from north to south.
The train goes to Niigata.
The train goes to Riga Station.
The train got faster.
The train got in on time.
The train got into London.
The train guard closed the carriage door.
The train had already left by the time I got to the station.
The train had already left when I arrived at the station.
The train had already left when I got to the station.
The train had already left when they got to the station.
The train had already left when we arrived at the station.
The train had already left when we got to station.
The train had already started when I got to the station.
The train had gone by at full speed.
The train had left the railway station.
The train had left the station.
The train had to stop because there was a tree lying across the railway line.
The train had to wait half an hour before it was allowed to enter the station.
The train has already arrived.
The train has already gone.
The train has already left the station.
The train has already left.
The train has arrived here now.
The train has arrived.
The train has been delayed because of the snow and I haven't been able to get home yet.
The train has been delayed.
The train has five carriages.
The train has gone over the points.
The train has just arrived here.
The train has just arrived.
The train has just gone.
The train has just left.
The train has left the station.
The train has left, Lusya!
The train has not arrived yet.
The train has pulled in.
The train has two engines.
The train hasn't arrived yet.
The train hasn't come yet.
The train hasn’t arrived yet.
The train hasn’t come yet.
The train he was on could no longer be seen.
The train headed for the station.
The train headed towards the railway station.
The train headed towards the station.
The train is 10 minutes late today.
The train is 30 minutes late.
The train is 30 minutes overdue.
The train is about a half-hour overdue.
The train is about to arrive here.
The train is about to arrive.
The train is about to leave, we can barely catch it.
The train is about to leave.
The train is already here.
The train is already there.
The train is always on time.
The train is arriving soon.
The train is arriving!
The train is at platform 3 and will depart in three minutes.
The train is at the railway station.
The train is bound for London.
The train is bound for Niigata.
The train is coming!
The train is coming.
The train is delayed.
The train is due at noon.
The train is due to arrive at noon.
The train is due to arrive here in 5 minutes.
The train is early.
The train is going at a speed of 50 miles per hour.
The train is going to be late today.
The train is gone.
The train is here.
The train is in an hour.
The train is in.
The train is just now coming into the station.
The train is late because of the snow.
The train is late.
The train is leaving in three minutes.
The train is leaving right away.
The train is leaving soon.
The train is leaving the station.
The train is leaving! Hurry up!
The train is leaving. All aboard, please!
The train is made up of 15 train cars.
The train is made up of fifteen cars.
The train is made up of seven cars.
The train is not really that crowded.
The train is now crossing a bridge.
The train is now going over a bridge.
The train is on time, but nobody rides in it because it doesn't stop.
The train is packed today.
The train is past the switch.
The train is pulling into the station.
The train is ready to start.
The train is running fast.
The train is running thirty minutes late.
The train is scheduled to arrive at 12:01.
The train is scheduled to arrive at 2:30.
The train is supposed to arrive in ten minutes.
The train is supposed to leave in five minutes.
The train is sure going fast.
The train is taking off and we haven't bought our tickets!
The train is ten minutes behind today.
The train is ten minutes late today.
The train is ten minutes late.
The train is thirty minutes late.
The train is to arrive on time.
The train is traveling at the rate of 50 miles an hour.
The train is travelling at a speed of 50 miles an hour.
The train is travelling at a very leisurely pace again today.
The train is twenty minutes behind time.
The train is very crowded this evening.
The train is very fast.
The train is waiting.
The train isn't leaving.
The train jerked forward.
The train just left.
The train leaves Rome at eight.
The train leaves Tokyo Station at 7.
The train leaves at 2.30 p.m.
The train leaves at 2.30.
The train leaves at 2.31.
The train leaves at 2:30 p.m.
The train leaves at 2:30.
The train leaves at 3:00 p.m.
The train leaves at 6 o'clock.
The train leaves at 6 o’clock.
The train leaves at 7.15 am.
The train leaves at 7.15 in the morning.
The train leaves at half past ten, so I'll call for you at ten.
The train leaves at half past ten, so I’ll call for you at ten.
The train leaves at half past three.
The train leaves at half past two in the afternoon.
The train leaves at half past two.
The train leaves at half two in the afternoon.
The train leaves at half two.
The train leaves at nine o'clock.
The train leaves at nine o’clock.
The train leaves at nine, arriving there at ten.
The train leaves at nine.
The train leaves at one-thirty this afternoon.
The train leaves at six o'clock.
The train leaves at six.
The train leaves at ten o'clock sharp.
The train leaves at two thirty in the afternoon.
The train leaves at two thirty-one.
The train leaves at two thirty.
The train leaves at two-thirty.
The train leaves here at 9 am.
The train leaves here at 9am.
The train leaves here at nine in the morning.
The train leaves in 5 minutes.
The train leaves in an hour's time.
The train leaves in an hour.
The train leaves in ten minutes.
The train left at 10 o'clock sharp.
The train left at exactly five o'clock.
The train left at five o'clock to the minute.
The train left at five o’clock to the minute.
The train left at sunrise.
The train left at ten o'clock on the dot.
The train left at ten o'clock sharp.
The train left at ten, so it should have arrived in Osaka by now.
The train left before I arrived at the station.
The train left before they got to the station.
The train left before we got to the station.
The train left for Kobe station.
The train left just as we arrived at the platform.
The train left on schedule.
The train left on time.
The train left the station a few minutes ago.
The train left the station and had soon disappeared from view.
The train left the station and soon disappeared from view.
The train left the station and was soon lost in sight.
The train left the station and was soon out of sight.
The train left the station on time.
The train left two hours ago.
The train left.
The train lurched to a standstill.
The train made a brief stop.
The train made a circuitous route back to the city center every day.
The train makes 20 miles an hour.
The train moved at a ridiculously slow pace.
The train moved into the tunnel.
The train moves like a snake.
The train must be coming.
The train on which he left goes to Tokyo Station.
The train opened into a clearing.
The train passed by us.
The train passed over the Algerian border.
The train passed through kilometres of tunnel.
The train passed through the tunnel.
The train picked up speed.
The train pulled away from the platform.
The train pulled in and we rushed to meet Mary as she got off.
The train pulled into the station.
The train pulled out exactly on time.
The train pulled out on time.
The train pulled out two hours ago.
The train pulled up at a small wayside station, and we all descended.
The train ran at the rate of 500 miles an hour.
The train ran off the tracks.
The train rattled along the tracks, carrying passengers to distant cities.
The train reaches its destination in Algiers.
The train ride was short.
The train ride was three hours.
The train roared through the tunnel.
The train rolled out of the station.
The train runs between Tokyo and Hakata.
The train runs between Tokyo and Kagoshima.
The train runs every day apart from Sunday.
The train runs every thirty minutes.
The train seems to be late.
The train service was suspended by the earthquake.
The train should arrive at Osaka at ten.
The train should arrive at Osaka by ten.
The train should be here on time.
The train should be on time.
The train should reach Osaka by ten.
The train slowed and blared its horn as it approached the railway crossing.
The train slowed and came to a halt.
The train slowed and finally came to a halt.
The train slowed down and came to a halt.
The train slowed down and eventually came to a stop.
The train slowed down and finally came to a halt.
The train slowed down to a stop.
The train slowed down, then it sped up again.
The train started at ten o'clock to the minute.
The train started at ten o’clock to the minute.
The train started before we got to the station.
The train started smoking.
The train starts at six.
The train station is abandoned.
The train station is close to the hotel.
The train station is east of the hotel.
The train station is located downtown.
The train station is located in the center of the city.
The train station is located near the store.
The train station is nearby.
The train station is next to the hotel.
The train station is not far from here.
The train station is right next to the hotel.
The train station is very close to the hotel.
The train station isn't far from here.
The train station was deserted.
The train station was pretty empty.
The train station will be closed from tomorrow.
The train stopped again at a station.
The train stopped at a point halfway between the two stations.
The train stopped because of the storm.
The train stopped for a moment.
The train stopped in Baltimore.
The train stopped suddenly and I spilled my coffee.
The train stopped.
The train stops at every station and stop.
The train stops at every station.
The train stops at every stop between here and London.
The train strike didn't bother me at all.
The train strike didn’t bother me at all.
The train suddenly lurched.
The train that Tom and Mary were riding was hit by lightning.
The train that Tom was riding was hit by lightning.
The train that just left the station was the one we were supposed to be on.
The train tickets can be ordered online in a few days.
The train to Cambridge departs from Platform 5.
The train to Prague was packed.
The train took the wrong route.
The train took us from the main railway station to the airport in fifteen minutes.
The train traveled at the rate of 500 miles an hour.
The train traversed a tunnel.
The train trip through Europe was a dream come true for William.
The train used the long trestle to get to the other side.
The train was 10 minutes late because of the snow.
The train was 10 minutes late.
The train was about to collide with another train.
The train was about to leave the station.
The train was about to leave when I arrived at the station.
The train was about to leave.
The train was almost an hour behind schedule today.
The train was almost an hour behind time.
The train was almost empty.
The train was an hour late.
The train was brought to a sudden halt.
The train was clear of the station.
The train was crowded with high school students.
The train was crowded with people.
The train was crowded, so I resorted to walking.
The train was crowded.
The train was delayed because of an accident.
The train was delayed because of heavy snowfall.
The train was delayed because of snow.
The train was delayed because of the typhoon.
The train was delayed by a heavy snowfall.
The train was delayed by snow.
The train was delayed due to the heavy snowfall.
The train was delayed due to the typhoon.
The train was delayed for an hour.
The train was delayed for one hour on account of the typhoon.
The train was delayed for thirty minutes.
The train was delayed for twenty minutes.
The train was delayed for two hours because of the heavy snow.
The train was delayed on account of a heavy snow.
The train was delayed on account of snow.
The train was delayed two hours owing to the heavy snow.
The train was delayed, so I could not arrive there on time.
The train was delayed.
The train was derailed and about thirty passengers were either killed or injured.
The train was derailed by a piece of iron on the track.
The train was derailed, and panic ensued.
The train was derailed.
The train was due at 6.
The train was due at six.
The train was full of passengers.
The train was full, so she was obliged to travel second-class, and had to stand all the way.
The train was full.
The train was going 500 miles per hour.
The train was going where Elias lived.
The train was heading towards the railway station.
The train was heading towards the station.
The train was held up because of the railroad accident.
The train was held up for two hours on account of the snowstorm.
The train was hurrying west.
The train was just on the point of starting when I got to the station.
The train was late because of an accident.
The train was late because of the heavy snow.
The train was late because of the typhoon.
The train was late this morning.
The train was late, but I still arrived at work on time.
The train was late, but I still got to work on time.
The train was leaving the station.
The train was loaded with gold.
The train was more crowded than usual.
The train was moving at 500 miles per hour.
The train was not so crowded as I had expected.
The train was on the point of leaving when I got to the station.
The train was on time today, as always.
The train was on time today.
The train was on time.
The train was overly crowded.
The train was overturned.
The train was packed.
The train was pretty empty.
The train was ready to depart.
The train was really crowded and Matthew stood up for quite some time.
The train was really packed.
The train was running at full speed.
The train was seen to come into the station by me.
The train was so crowded that I had to keep standing all the way.
The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the way to Ueno.
The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the way.
The train was so crowded that I had to stand the whole way.
The train was so crowded that I had to stand up the whole trip.
The train was so crowded that I was kept standing all the way.
The train was so crowded that none of us could get a seat.
The train was so crowded that we were obliged to stand all the way to Osaka.
The train was so full that I had to stand all the way.
The train was so full that I had to stand all the while.
The train was so full that I had to stand the whole time.
The train was so packed that I had to stand up during the whole trip.
The train was surrounded by great masses of snow on all sides.
The train was ten minutes behind time because of heavy snow.
The train was ten minutes behind time.
The train was ten minutes late.
The train was thirty minutes late on account of the heavy snow.
The train was thirty minutes late.
The train was three hours late.
The train was to reach Paris at 8.
The train was traveling from Aberdeen to Glasgow when the derailment occurred.
The train was twenty minutes late.
The train was very crowded so I had to stand all the way to Ueno.
The train was very crowded.
The train wasn't as crowded as I expected it to be.
The train wasn't as crowded as I thought it would be.
The train wasn't too crowded.
The train we rode was a high-speed train.
The train we'll be on will arrive at 9 p.m.
The train went off the rails.
The train went through a tunnel.
The train whistle echoed across the field.
The train whistle echoed through the canyon.
The train will arrive any minute.
The train will arrive any second.
The train will arrive at any moment.
The train will arrive at ten o'clock.
The train will arrive at ten o’clock.
The train will arrive at the station before noon.
The train will arrive here before long.
The train will arrive on time without fail.
The train will arrive on time.
The train will arrive soon.
The train will be here in a moment.
The train will be here soon.
The train will be leaving in a moment.
The train will be leaving in five minutes so you had better hurry up.
The train will be leaving soon.
The train will be twenty minutes late.
The train will come in at platform ten.
The train will come soon, right?
The train will depart soon.
The train will get you there after half the time.
The train will get you there in half the time.
The train will have started by the time he arrives.
The train will leave in a few moments.
The train will pass Motomachi Station.
The train will pick up speed in a minute.
The train will probably arrive at the station before noon.
The train will remain at this station for approximately 2 minutes.
The train won't go through here. Please leave the car.
The train won't wait.
The train would sit there for months at a time.
The train's about to leave. Hurry up.
The train's arriving bang on time.
The train's bell rings, the whistle blows, the headlight comes on and the engine eventually takes off, pulling a passenger car loaded with a green cat, a yellow bear, a purple rabbit and a yellow dog with red ears.
The train's coming!
The train's coming.
The train's departure will be delayed.
The train's early.
The train's here.
The train's in.
The train's late.
The train's sound faded away.
The trainee could hardly bear the burden of the task.
The trainer advised Angela to avoid strenuous exercise.
The trainer gave instructions in the afternoons.
The trainer must think of her health.
The training course lasts a fortnight.
The training course lasts two weeks.
The training includes gymnastics, weights and running.
The training is paramount.
The training is really strict.
The training of lions is very dangerous.
The training process and his research into samurai history gives Cruise an admiration for Japanese culture and tradition.
The training program and performance festival mark a labor of love for Russian-born conductor and musical director Eduard Schmieder, who says that music has the power to break down barriers.
The training session is scheduled to begin at 4 p.m.
The training there includes emergency procedures and tactical firearm handling.
The training was hard.
The training was never completed.
The training was superb.
The training was tough.
The trains are almost empty at the end of the year.
The trains are always on time.
The trains are inconvenient and uncomfortable, and they are never on time.
The trains are inconvenient and uncomfortable, and they're never on time.
The trains are inconvenient and uncomfortable; in addition, they never run on time.
The trains are less frequent at night time.
The trains are running according to schedule.
The trains are running behind time.
The trains are running in this snow.
The trains are running late.
The trains are running on schedule.
The trains are running on time.
The trains aren't running on schedule.
The trains don't even go there.
The trains don't run as often at night.
The trains in Serbia are terribly slow.
The trains leave at two-hour intervals.
The trains run every two hours.
The trains run less frequently at night.
The trains run less often at night.
The trains run on time in Japan.
The trains were jammed with commuters.
The trains were too crowded for us to get on.
The trains weren't running because of a power cut.
The trains weren't running due to the snowfall.
The train’s departure will be delayed.
The traitor betrayed his country to the enemy.
The traitor poisoned the master.
The traitor was deprived of his citizenship.
The traitor will live in shame for the rest of his life.
The traitor's true identity is known and he will be reported to the authorities.
The traitor's true identity was revealed.
The traitors must leave the country.
The trajectory of our history over the last 50, 100 years has been remarkable.
The tram broke down.
The tram derailed.
The tram goes from the station to the docks.
The tram goes from the station to the harbour.
The tram goes from the station to the port.
The tram leaves in 5 minutes.
The tram network is being extended.
The tram runs from the station to the docks.
The tram runs from the station to the harbour.
The tram runs from the station to the port.
The tram was crowded, so I decided to go on foot.
The tram was crowded, so I decided to walk.
The tram was packed.
The tram will arrive on time.
The tram will take you into the city centre.
The tram will take you to the heart of the city.
The tramcars unify the city.
The tramp gobbled down the Thanksgiving dinner served at the church.
The tranquility of existence is precious.
The tranquility of the lagoon has a relaxing effect on the mind and soul, making it an ideal place for an escape from the frenzy of daily life.
The trans suicide rate decreases substantially with family and community support.
The transaction has failed. Please refer to the error list for more information.
The transaction is still pending.
The transaction was complete.
The transfer is complete.
The transfer of an astral body from one physical body to another became a tool for espionage.
The transfer required two hours nineteen minutes and ten seconds to complete.
The transfer student in the other class is a super good looking guy.
The transfer student in the other class is a super good-looking guy.
The transformation had begun.
The transformation is complete.
The transformation is total.
The transformation of a caterpillar into a butterfly has always fascinated me.
The transformation was dramatic.
The transfusion worked well.
The transgenic rabbit in BBC’s Sherlock glowed in the dark.
The transit passenger expressed anxiety about the delay of the arrival of the bus.
The transition between the scenes was jarring.
The transition from communism to a market economy and democratic governance was challenging for Albania, with economic instability and social upheaval.
The transition from farm life to city life is often difficult.
The transition from hardware to software happened gradually.
The transition from liquid to gaseous state is called evaporation, and the opposite transition from gaseous to liquid state is called condensation.
The transition won't be easy.
The translation didn't preserve the true meaning of the sentence.
The translation does not represent the views of the translator.
The translation doesn't have the ambiguity of the original sentence.
The translation for this sentence is correct.
The translation for this sentence is wrong.
The translation helps us know our native language better.
The translation is accurate.
The translation is extremely faithful to the original.
The translation is faithful to the original.
The translation is impossible.
The translation is incorrect.
The translation is made explicit.
The translation is precise.
The translation is quite true to the original.
The translation is true to the original.
The translation is wrong.
The translation isn't possible.
The translation must, above all, be faithful. It doesn't matter whether it is literal or not.
The translation of Tokyo is "the Eastern capital".
The translation of the French novel took him more than three months.
The translation of the French novel took more than three months.
The translation of the title in French is ridiculous.
The translation of this sentence is a bad translation.
The translation of this sentence is correct.
The translation of this sentence is right.
The translation of this sentence is very simple.
The translation was made in favour of readability and literary style, as opposed to a more faithful one for the Russophonic readers' understanding.
The translation was modified to match the English language.
The translation was nicely true to the original.
The translation was true to the original.
The translation was wrong.
The translation will be ready by the end of the month.
The translations of a sentence into multiple languages help us understand what it means.
The translations should be fixed or unlinked.
The translator added footnotes to provide some explanations.
The translator constantly learns new things about himself.
The translator found it impossible to explain what he meant.
The translator identifies himself with the author's beliefs.
The translator is a traitor and the translation is a treachery.
The translator made an unforgivable mistake.
The translator said the translation would be ready by Monday.
The translator uses first-person and third-person pronouns in his translations.
The translator was considered as a "neutral filter".
The translator's task is to create, in his or her own language, the same tensions appearing in the original. That's hard!
The translator's task is to find the power in their language that evokes an echo of the originals; the echo of the translator's language must also provide a reverberation of the work, the echo of the foreign language.
The translators of the Bible were considered blasphemous.
The translators of the New Testament were considered heretics.
The transliteration on that website was terrible.
The translucent and shining waters of the calm sea covered fragments of old Roman villas, which were interlaced by sea-weed, and received diamond tints from the chequering of the sun-beams; the blue and pellucid element was such as Galatea might have skimmed in her car of mother of pearl; or Cleopatra, more fitly than the Nile, have chosen as the path of her magic ship.
The transmission cut abruptly.
The transmission has failed.
The transmission of this truck is completely worn out.
The transmission quality was satisfactory.
The transmitter has overheated.
The transmitter on Voyager was not reachable due to solar winds.
The transmitters are broken, thus we are getting no signal.
The transnationality of the European blogosphere is still underdeveloped.
The transparent crystal refracts the light beam.
The transplanted plants have not taken root.
The transportation in this city is very convenient.
The transportation system in that city is quite good.
The trap failed to trigger.
The trap is made of strong chains.
The trap went off flawlessly.
The trapdoor remained open.
The trash bag was so large that it didn't fit down the trash chute.
The trash can is empty.
The trash can is full.
The trash can was empty.
The trash car goes by today.
The trash car has not passed yet.
The trash car is almost past.
The trash chute got clogged up.
The trash chute is clogged and smells horrible.
The trash compactor is full.
The trash is now gone.
The trash is really starting to pile up.
The trauma of that experience has not worn off.
The trauma of war has a long-lasting impact on those that survive it.
The trauma surgeons saved Tom's life.
The trauma was too much for him, and suddenly, he snapped.
The travel adaptor worked perfectly in Europe.
The travel agent suggested that we take some traveler's checks with us.
The travel agent suggested that we take some traveller's cheques with us.
The travel agent suggested that we take some traveller’s cheques with us.
The travel agent will advise you where to stay.
The travel ban applies only to foreign nationals, not U.S. citizens or their families.
The travel company furnished us with all the details of the tour.
The travel guide describes many of the historic places in Boston.
The traveler arrived in New York in the evening.
The traveler fainted from hunger, but soon he came to.
The traveler is presenting his documents.
The traveler reached his destination at last.
The traveler saw a light from afar and rejoiced.
The traveler sent in an absentee vote by mail.
The traveler stopped at the soldier's challenge.
The traveler stopped at the soldier’s challenge.
The traveler stopped to ask me the way.
The traveler was delighted at the sight of a light in the distance.
The travelers are waiting to know the cause of the delay.
The travelers came from many lands.
The travelers ferried across the river.
The travelers had so many cases that customs only opened half of them!
The travelers made haste as evening drew near.
The travelers stayed at a seaside hotel.
The travelers took a ferry across the river.
The traveling salesman drank all the whiskey hidden in the barn.
The traveller is holding a walking stick.
The traveller is producing his documents.
The traveller is showing his documents.
The traveller opened the compartment door.
The traveller produces his documents.
The traveller shows his documents.
The traveller went whistling through the forest.
The travelling sign-painter who was repainting the sign of the "Cauliflower" was enjoying a well-earned respite from his labours.
The treasure became visible after the sea moved the sand.
The treasure could be anywhere.
The treasure doesn't belong to Bruno.
The treasure has been missing for half a century.
The treasure is believed to lie hidden somewhere in the mountain.
The treasure is finally in my hands!
The treasure is still in the forest, where it is buried under a tree.
The treasure is worth millions of dinars.
The treasure is yours.
The treasure lay hidden for a long time.
The treasure was buried in the deepest part of the sea.
The treasure was buried on an island.
The treasure was buried on the island.
The treasure was stolen by pirates.
The treasurer was short in his accounts.
The treatment appears to be working.
The treatment could have dangerous side effects.
The treatment is going successfully.
The treatment just made my husband's condition worse.
The treatment of the female sex has varied considerably in different ages and countries.
The treatment options for this illness have been extremely limited up until this point.
The treatment prolonged the agony.
The treatment was made possible by a benevolent donor.
The treatment's acceptability plummeted by nearly 96% that year after researchers discovered disfiguring side effects.
The treatment’s acceptability plummeted by nearly 96% that year after researchers discovered disfiguring side effects.
The treaty bans atomic bombs and hydrogen bombs.
The treaty bans the use of atomic and hydrogen bombs.
The treaty bans the use of chemical weapons.
The treaty did not ban nuclear tests under the ground.
The treaty established a relationship of suzerainty.
The treaty gave the United States a canal zone.
The treaty has been concluded after many twists and turns.
The treaty has been signed.
The treaty is now a dead letter.
The treaty is to go into effect on October first.
The treaty made Texas independent.
The treaty obliges us.
The treaty was approved.
The treaty was defeated.
The treaty was not a success.
The treaty was signed on November 18, 1903.
The treaty was signed to promote amity between the two nations.
The treaty was signed.
The treaty will come into force at midnight.
The treaty with Texas was signed April twelfth, 1844.
The tree arrived by jingle bell-adorned horse and carriage, continuing an annual White House tradition to highlight the holiday spirit.
The tree bent down beneath their weight of fruit.
The tree bent in the wind.
The tree bent under the weight of the fruit.
The tree blocked my view of them.
The tree blocked the road.
The tree bore golden apples.
The tree bowed under the weight of its fruit.
The tree branch broke when a bullet hit it.
The tree branch has fallen.
The tree branch was blocking the satellite dish.
The tree breaks the wind.
The tree cast a long shadow.
The tree cast a shadow across the road.
The tree casts a long shadow.
The tree casts a shadow on the wall.
The tree crushed Fyodor's tent.
The tree falls.
The tree fell across the path with a thud.
The tree fell down by itself.
The tree fell down.
The tree fell over in the typhoon.
The tree fell to the ground.
The tree foliage is golden.
The tree got the most beautiful colours!
The tree grew very tall.
The tree groaned under the weight of its fruit.
The tree grows very quickly.
The tree grows well because it stands in fertile soil.
The tree had a gnarled bough.
The tree had a knotty trunk.
The tree had been blown down by the typhoon of the day before.
The tree had been uprooted by a typhoon the day before.
The tree has always been like that.
The tree has been cut down.
The tree has grown too big, it must be pruned.
The tree has leaves and roots.
The tree has stopped growing.
The tree has too many twigs and branches.
The tree in Benedito's yard provided shade.
The tree in front of the library was struck by lightning.
The tree is able to grow.
The tree is about as high as the roof.
The tree is about to fall.
The tree is abundant in fruit.
The tree is big.
The tree is burning.
The tree is crooked.
The tree is dead.
The tree is dying.
The tree is flowering.
The tree is four feet around.
The tree is good.
The tree is green all year round.
The tree is green.
The tree is healthy.
The tree is high.
The tree is in bud.
The tree is large.
The tree is much too large for Ziri's minuscule axe.
The tree is not ready yet.
The tree is old.
The tree is ready to fall down.
The tree is ready to fall.
The tree is reflected in the water.
The tree is revered for its shade.
The tree is rotten and stone dead, and could fall at any time.
The tree is secreting sap.
The tree is sick.
The tree is small.
The tree is straight.
The tree is taller than the house.
The tree is the same height as the roof.
The tree is very high.
The tree is very tall.
The tree isn't ready yet.
The tree leaf has turned yellow.
The tree leaf is yellow.
The tree leaves turned red.
The tree of the Kabyles is the olive tree.
The tree provided a nesting place for birds.
The tree provides shade.
The tree roots have burst through the cement at several points along the sidewalk.
The tree said to an ax: "Have mercy on me! You are killing me!" "My handle is made from you," replied the ax. "Woe is me!" answered the tree. "Then strike, since I gave you my hand!"
The tree said to an ax: "Have mercy, stop killing me!" "My handle is from you," replied the ax. "Woe is me! Then go on, since I gave you my hand!"
The tree spread its branches abroad.
The tree stands even with the roof.
The tree stands higher than the roof.
The tree stands motionless, clothed in twilight, thickly bedecked with dewdrops.
The tree stood tall and proud.
The tree stopped growing.
The tree that does not bear fruit is cut down.
The tree that is in the garden is an ancient oak.
The tree that we carved our initials into was chopped down.
The tree throws a shadow on the grass.
The tree throws its shadow over the wall.
The tree thrusts its branches far and wide.
The tree trunk hurdled down the slope.
The tree trunk was completely covered up by the ivy.
The tree trunk was hollow because the center had rotted out.
The tree trunks started to rock back and forth.
The tree was a gathering place for the community.
The tree was a landmark in Benedito's village.
The tree was a popular spot for taking photographs.
The tree was a source of inspiration for Benedito's art.
The tree was a symbol of life and growth for the villagers.
The tree was about to fall.
The tree was bending under the weight of the fruit.
The tree was blown down.
The tree was clearly defined against the sky.
The tree was felled with one hard blow of his ax.
The tree was felled with one heavy blow of his axe.
The tree was felled.
The tree was groaning with the weight of its fruit.
The tree was heard to crash to the ground.
The tree was heavy with fruit.
The tree was ready to fall at any moment.
The tree was ready to fall down.
The tree was ready to fall.
The tree was sawn in pieces.
The tree was set on fire because of the lightning.
The tree was shaking.
The tree was so discontented, that it took no pleasure in the warm sunshine, the birds, or the rosy clouds that floated over it morning and evening.
The tree was so happy she could hardly speak.
The tree was so tall that it surpassed the garden wall.
The tree was so tall that it towered over the garden wall.
The tree was so unhappy, that it took no pleasure in the warm sunshine, the birds, or the rosy clouds that floated over it morning and evening.
The tree was still shaking.
The tree was struck by lightning.
The tree was the focal point of the village square.
The tree whose trunk our initials were carved on was cut down.
The tree you saw was an oak tree.
The tree you saw was not an oak tree.
The tree's bark was rough and textured.
The tree's branches cast shadows on the ground.
The tree's branches reached for the sky like outstretched arms.
The tree's branches were strong enough to hold a swing.
The tree's canopy provided shelter from the rain.
The tree's canopy was a natural umbrella in the rain.
The tree's leaves have all fallen.
The tree's leaves rustled like a whisper.
The tree's leaves rustled like paper in the breeze.
The tree's root system stretches over thirty meters.
The tree's roots extend deep into the earth.
The tree's roots stretch deep into the ground.
The tree's roots were home to insects and earthworms.
The tree's sap was sticky and sweet-smelling.
The tree's shade provided relief from the hot sun.
The tree's trunk was scarred by lightning strikes.
The tree's trunk was wider than Benedito's arms could reach.
The tree-planting effort was led by Ambassador Kirsti Kauppi of Finland, which currently holds the EU's rotating presidency. She said her nation has a special affinity for trees, given that 70% of its surface is covered by woods and that Finns basically "live in and outside of the forest."
The treehouse fascinated Gabor's friends.
The treehouse impressed everyone, including Gabor.
The treeline in the German Alps, above which trees don't grow, is at an altitude of about 1,800 metres.
The treeline in the German alps lies at an elevation of about 1800 meters.
The treeline was about forty meters away from where we were camping.
The trees always look much bigger inside your house than they do outside.
The trees and bushes are green.
The trees and wayside hedges were just throwing out their first green shoots, and the air was full of the pleasant smell of the moist earth.
The trees are almost in bloom.
The trees are already bare.
The trees are barren or bear only small fruit.
The trees are beginning to bud.
The trees are bending in the wind.
The trees are big.
The trees are blooming and the flowers are blooming as well.
The trees are budding early this year.
The trees are coming out in bud.
The trees are full of fruit.
The trees are green.
The trees are in bud.
The trees are knocked down by the storm.
The trees are letting all their leaves fall now, although it is not yet autumn.
The trees are planted along the street.
The trees are planted at intervals of thirty meters.
The trees are planted three meters apart.
The trees are putting forth leaves.
The trees are shooting out buds.
The trees are swaying in the summer breeze.
The trees are swaying in the wind.
The trees are tall.
The trees began to come into leaf.
The trees began to thin.
The trees bend in the wind.
The trees blocked the scenery.
The trees by the road were chopped down.
The trees comforted me.
The trees don't let him see the forest.
The trees grew quickly, and their shadows covered everywhere.
The trees had become old and sturdy and could bear the drought better than when fresh-sprouted.
The trees had thriven admirably, according to the design of him who had planted them, and now when they ought to have begun to be valued and enjoyed, no one ever spoke of them.
The trees have already lost their leaves.
The trees have begun to bud.
The trees have exuberant foliage.
The trees have to be cut each winter.
The trees here were all cut down by people.
The trees in my garden are putting out leaves.
The trees in the area are taller and closer together.
The trees kept me out of the rain.
The trees looked black against the sky.
The trees looked like they were moving.
The trees obscured my view.
The trees that line the street have lovely blossoms in spring.
The trees were already losing their leaves.
The trees were bare of leaves.
The trees were bending in the wind.
The trees were blocking the view.
The trees were covered with fruit; the fields with corn.
The trees were covered with snow.
The trees were full of birds.
The trees were in a row.
The trees were moving with a gentle push of the wind.
The trees were no longer swaying.
The trees were ripped in half.
The trees were slim, growing close to one another.
The trees were so dense.
The trees were swaying to and fro.
The trees were torn up by the force of the storm.
The trees were uprooted.
The trees were very scarce.
The trees were whispering in the wind as Tom cycled alone down the empty street.
The trees will soon be bare.
The trees, like the yearnings of the earth, stand on tiptoe to peer at the sky.
The tree’s root system stretches over thirty meters.
The tree’s roots extend deep into the earth.
The trekkers were buried alive by the avalanche.
The trellis was covered with honeysuckle.
The tremendous exertions which I have gone through during the last day or two have worn me out. Not so much bodily exertion, you understand, as the strain upon the mind. You will appreciate that, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, for we are both brain-workers.
The tremor in her voice worried him.
The trend is always to produce more products using fewer employees.
The trend is clear enough.
The trend is encouraging to supporters of universal basic income, or UBI, who say all citizens should receive a regular amount of money from the government.
The trend is your friend.
The trend isn't looking good.
The trend of public opinion is against corporal punishment.
The trend started in Italy and Spain.
The trend towards late marriage is going to increase more and more.
The trends are not constant.
The trendy word of the year was "digital": digital clocks, digital microwave ovens, even digital fountain pens.
The trial ended in a hung jury.
The trial is not open to the public.
The trial is set for late October.
The trial is set to begin on October 20th.
The trial is set to resume on Monday.
The trial lasted five days.
The trial lasted for ten consecutive days.
The trial lasted three days.
The trial lawyers couldn't get past the Mafia leader's stonewalling tactics.
The trial lawyers couldn’t get past the Mafia leader’s stonewalling tactics.
The trial starts next Monday.
The trial starts tomorrow.
The trial was all but done.
The trial was fair.
The trial was postponed.
The trial went on day after day.
The trial will continue Monday.
The trial, reported in the journal The Lancet, took place in June 2015. None of the participants had received a flu vaccine during the previous influenza season. The participants were divided into four groups. In one group the patch was administered by a health care provider, in the second it was self-administered by each participant, a third group received the vaccine via injection and a fourth group got a placebo.
The trials of existence.
The tribal wise man shared his knowledge with all the young.
The tribe foraged for berries.
The tribe has so little contact with foreigners.
The tribe has spoken.
The tribe rebelled against King Ziri.
The tribe wasn't delighted about the advent of the peacemaker.
The tribe worships its ancestors and speaks its own language, and speaks an unfamiliar language.
The tribe's flooding capabilities shouldn't be underestimated.
The tribes formed an alliance to drive out the Hungarians.
The tribes united to drive out the Hungarians.
The tribesmen make ritual sacrifices to ensure good harvests.
The triceratops was a plant-eating dinosaur.
The triceratops was a three-horned plant-eating dinosaur.
The trick is to add a pinch of mustard.
The trick is to carry enough water in the desert so there's no chance of dying of thirst.
The trick is to maintain plausible deniability.
The trick is too obvious.
The trick to getting a good phone signal in this house is to stand by the refrigerator in the kitchen.
The trick to getting mom to agree to let you go to the party is to seduce her with a box of chocolates.
The trick to keeping your vacuum cleaner working well for years is to clean the filter often.
The trick to making a delicious curry is to fry the onion thoroughly until it's a golden brown.
The trick to making puns is knowing there are no good ones.
The trick to playing Tetris well is maintaining a flat and accommodating board.
The trick worked beautifully.
The triclinium is full of people.
The tricorne hat, turned whichever way, appears the same.
The trigonometric functions sine, cosine, and tangent relate the various sides and angles of a triangle.
The trim, silver-haired 56-year-old has soaring approval ratings.
The trio parachuted to Earth in the steppe of Kazakhstan.
The trip back was very comfortable.
The trip calls for a lot of money.
The trip cost me a lot.
The trip didn't take up all day.
The trip from Boston was three hours.
The trip gave us no end of pleasure.
The trip had been carefully planned.
The trip has been postponed because her husband is in hospital.
The trip has taken Ziri weeks of planning.
The trip has taken us four weeks of planning.
The trip is farther than I expected.
The trip is going smoothly.
The trip is longer than I expected.
The trip is officially over.
The trip is over.
The trip is two days by train and two hours by airplane.
The trip isn't over until you get back home.
The trip lasted 8 days.
The trip lasted eight days.
The trip lasted for a week.
The trip out was more pleasant than the return.
The trip proved difficult.
The trip started out by ship from Singapore to Yangon, Myanmar’s commercial hub, where it continued by road to the country’s border with China at Chinshwehaw, on the border with China’s Yunnan province.
The trip to Algeria greatly changed Boldi's life.
The trip to Algiers takes around an hour.
The trip to Algiers was a lot of fun.
The trip to Athens took us two hours.
The trip to Mars is very long.
The trip to reach Algeria was very hard.
The trip to school takes under an hour.
The trip to the amusement park was a fun day out for William and his friends.
The trip to the beach was a great idea, William thought.
The trip took 8 days.
The trip took eight days.
The trip was a nightmare.
The trip was a nightmare. I really shouldn't have gone.
The trip was a success.
The trip was amazing.
The trip was canceled because of a terrible storm.
The trip was canceled because of the terrible storm.
The trip was every bit as enjoyable as I thought it would be.
The trip was exhausting.
The trip was expensive.
The trip was fun enough.
The trip was long and I want to rest.
The trip was really fun.
The trip was really long.
The trip was very expensive.
The trip was very informative.
The trip wasn't all good. I got food poisoning and my classmate got dengue fever.
The trip west was hard.
The trip will be long.
The trip will cost $1000 at the outside.
The trip will cost anywhere between $1,000 and $2,000.
The trip will cost anywhere between $1000 and $2000.
The trip will cost somewhere between $1,000 and $2,000.
The trip will only take a day if all goes well.
The trip will take a day if all goes well.
The trip will take about five hours.
The trip will take about three hours.
The trip will take approximately five hours.
The trip will take approximately three hours.
The trip will take at least a week.
The trip will take at least eight hours.
The trip will take at least five days.
The trip will take some five hours.
The trip wore him out.
The trips to the islands are not cheap.
The trodden ground became a quagmire...
The troglodytes said "bridge" when one of them crossed a river, walking on the trunk of a tall tree that had fallen there by chance. Unfortunately, however, no one knows what that word was.
The troll army of Russia came knocking at the gate, armed with misinformation and inflammatory statements.
The troll explained that he was the "master of lost and found things": everything people lose and later forget, he takes and brings to his kingdom. There there are mountains of treasures lost since humanity's first days. Even the teddy bear Tom loved so much in his childhood, but later lost and forgot, was there.
The troll's incessant harassment drove Miroslav to file an official complaint with the authorities.
The trolleybus arrived on time.
The trolleybus came on time.
The trolleybus will arrive on time.
The trolls play a role in Iceland.
The trolls surrounded the party.
The trombones aren't playing together.
The troop horses came with the regularity of clockwork twice a day down to drink under her window, and, as the weather grew hotter, kicked up their heels and shook their heads furiously under the maddening sting of the dun-fly.
The troop horses came with the regularity of clockwork twice a day down to drink under her window, and, as the weather grew hotter, kicked up their heels and shook their heads furiously under the maddening sting of the dunfly.
The troop was altogether destroyed.
The troops advanced twenty miles.
The troops captured the capital.
The troops easily put down the rebellion.
The troops fought with Grant against the Confederates.
The troops got to the capital itself.
The troops had plenty of arms.
The troops had to circumvent the entire forest.
The troops immediately began to mobilize.
The troops landed in Greece.
The troops maintained their ground.
The troops marched past.
The troops refused to obey the command.
The troops set up camp outside the city.
The troops soon put down the rebellion.
The troops were annihilated.
The troops were attacked by a horde of savages who disappeared without leaving a trace.
The troops were in battle array.
The troops were moving towards the capital.
The troops were retired from the front lines.
The troops would protect trains carrying mail.
The trophy is constructed of marble and cherry wood, and is four feet high.
The tropical breeze made the evening even more pleasant.
The tropical forests contain a half of the species in the world, so their disappearance is doubly damaging, and it is astonishing but true that our civilisation, whose imagination has reached the boundaries of the universe, does not know, to within a factor of ten, how many species the earth supports.
The tropical rain made the jungle even more beautiful.
The tropical rainforests, located in a narrow region near the equator, are disappearing so fast that by the year 2000 eighty percent of them may be gone.
The tropical sun glared down relentlessly.
The tropical sunsets were the perfect end to each day.
The troposphere contains three-quarters of the mass of the entire atmosphere.
The troposphere is between 8 and 14 kilometers thick depending on where you are on Earth. It’s thinnest at the North and South Pole.
The troubadour agreed to perform for them in exchange for dinner and a pair of hares with their skins.
The troubadours were medieval lyrical poets whose school originated in Occitania. They sang of courtly love and gained disciples in northern France and Germany, where they were called minstrels.
The trouble began soon after Tom left.
The trouble blew over after a few days.
The trouble blew over in a few days.
The trouble is he has no money.
The trouble is not with impure politics, but that the whole game of politics is rotten.
The trouble is that I am not equal to the work.
The trouble is that I am short of money these days.
The trouble is that I am short of money.
The trouble is that I can't remember where I parked the car.
The trouble is that I can’t remember where I parked the car.
The trouble is that I don't have much money now.
The trouble is that I don't know how to do that.
The trouble is that I don’t have much money now.
The trouble is that I have no money on me now.
The trouble is that I have no money with me.
The trouble is that everyone talks but no one listens.
The trouble is that everyone talks, but no one listens.
The trouble is that glasses always get lost.
The trouble is that he thinks only of himself.
The trouble is that it costs too much.
The trouble is that my son does not want to go to school.
The trouble is that my watch gains three minutes a day.
The trouble is that she lacks experience.
The trouble is that there is little water left.
The trouble is that they have no money.
The trouble is that they have no time.
The trouble is that they only think of themselves.
The trouble is that we are short of money.
The trouble is that we do not have enough money.
The trouble is that we don't have much money.
The trouble is that we have no money.
The trouble is that we have nowhere to stay tonight.
The trouble is that we haven't got much money.
The trouble is that you are too young.
The trouble is that you lack patience.
The trouble is that you're too young.
The trouble is that your plan would be too expensive to carry out.
The trouble is you cannot work while watching TV.
The trouble is, I can't remember where I parked the car.
The trouble is, everyone talks but no one listens.
The trouble is, miss, that I found that Jersey cow of your aunt's in my oats again, not half an hour ago.
The trouble is, she's almost lost her voice.
The trouble is, she’s almost lost her voice.
The trouble is, we don't have much money.
The trouble is, we haven't got much money.
The trouble lay in the engine.
The trouble lies in the engine.
The trouble may lie in the engine.
The trouble with "trouble" is that it's sometimes a verb, sometimes a noun, sometimes countable, sometimes not. Oh, well. Trouble troubles me little, and little troubles trouble me not at all.
The trouble with "trouble" is that it’s sometimes a verb, sometimes a noun, sometimes countable, sometimes not. Oh, well. Trouble troubles me little, and little troubles trouble me not at all.
The trouble with a shark bite, they don’t just cause a clean cut, they cause lots of damage and trauma. They often break bones and rip muscle to pieces, and so trying to push on something to stop it bleeding is almost impossible. But pushing on the groin where there is no blood is actually an easy thing to do.
The trouble with fiction... is that it makes too much sense. Reality never makes sense.
The trouble with finding love later in life is that the person you fall in love with often comes with emotional baggage.
The trouble with free elections is that you never know how they are going to turn out.
The trouble with him is that he is lazy.
The trouble with him is that he is not punctual.
The trouble with him is that he is seldom punctual.
The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be.
The trouble with quotes on the Internet is that you never know whether or not they are genuine.
The trouble with searching for the truth is that in the end, you find it.
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
The trouble with the world isn't that people know too little, but they know so many things that ain't so.
The trouble with us is that we have no funds.
The trouble with you is that you talk too much.
The trouble with you, Anne, is that you'll expect to teach those children everything and reform all their faults right off, and if you can't you'll think you've failed.
The trouble with you, Anne, is that you're thinking too much about yourself.
The trouble with you, Tom, is that you never listen to what other people say.
The troubles and chaos have ended.
The troubles have increased.
The troubles of life are inevitable.
The troubles of others are our own.
The troubles of the world.
The troupe is enthralling audiences around the country with their energetic performances.
The trousers are nice, aren't they?
The trousers are orange.
The trousers didn't shrink.
The trousers don't fit properly.
The trousers haven't got clean. The grass stains won't come out.
The trousers haven't shrunk.
The trousers were worn at the bottom.
The trout is a freshwater fish.
The trout is a species of freshwater fish.
The trout swam upstream.
The trout was swimming upstream.
The truce did not last long.
The truce didn't last long.
The truce was broken by gunfire in the Ukraine.
The truck Tom was driving slid on the icy road and crashed into a tree.
The truck almost hit me.
The truck almost ran me over.
The truck arrived at the entrance of the mine.
The truck arrived at the entrance to the mine.
The truck arrived at the mine's entrance.
The truck arrived, loaded with gold.
The truck broke free of the mud.
The truck broke loose in the snow.
The truck bumped and everyone fell off.
The truck bumped and he fell off.
The truck bumped into a car.
The truck bumped into our car.
The truck came back for Rodrigo.
The truck came back towards Rodrigo.
The truck came into the parking lot.
The truck can draw a one-ton trailer.
The truck can pull your car out of the mud.
The truck careened into a ravine.
The truck carried a load of furniture.
The truck circled the parking lot and stopped by Ziri's limo.
The truck coasted to a stop.
The truck collided with the bus.
The truck collided with the car.
The truck could tip over.
The truck crashed into our car.
The truck crossed a series of rivers.
The truck crossed the bridge without incident.
The truck cut in front of my car.
The truck didn't play up anymore.
The truck door opened again.
The truck driver stopped at a rest area because he was tired.
The truck driver stopped at a rest area.
The truck driver wasn't injured.
The truck drove away.
The truck drove over a bump.
The truck dumped the sand on the ground.
The truck fell into the ravine.
The truck fell off the cliff.
The truck flew over Damiano’s head.
The truck got bogged down in the mud.
The truck got bogged down.
The truck got stuck in the mud.
The truck got stuck in the undergrowth.
The truck had a clutch failure.
The truck had its lights off.
The truck had some issues with the clutch.
The truck has been stuck for four days.
The truck has fallen into the ravine.
The truck headed into the desert.
The truck hit Rodrigo.
The truck hit a boy.
The truck hit a car.
The truck hit a cow in Bouira.
The truck hit the police officer before plowing into the police car.
The truck is a good way down the road.
The truck is being weighed.
The truck is filled with paper waste.
The truck is getting more and more bogged down.
The truck is gone.
The truck is on its way.
The truck is on the scales.
The truck is overloaded.
The truck is powered by a diesel engine.
The truck is ready to face the mountain track.
The truck is repaired.
The truck is unstable.
The truck just broke down.
The truck just drove past Ziri.
The truck just missed hitting the boy in the street.
The truck kept getting louder and closer.
The truck made a sharp right turn.
The truck made a sharp turn to the left.
The truck made a sharp turn to the right.
The truck made it over the hill.
The truck matched my speed.
The truck nearly ran me over.
The truck needs to cross the river on an ancient wooden bridge.
The truck overturned.
The truck passed very close to the edge of the road.
The truck passed.
The truck provides a shuttle service for the villagers.
The truck radio shut off.
The truck ran a stop sign.
The truck ran over a boy.
The truck ran the ewe over.
The truck refuses to go forward.
The truck remained stuck in the mud for another four days.
The truck sank in the mud.
The truck scraped along the wall in the narrow road.
The truck screeched out of the parking lot.
The truck screeched to a halt.
The truck slowed down and then, it stuck in the mud.
The truck started making some strange noises.
The truck started to slide.
The truck started up and turned on its lights.
The truck stopped and turned off.
The truck stopped.
The truck suddenly sped towards Edmundo.
The truck was already gone.
The truck was carrying goods bound for Mexico.
The truck was coming up dangerously close.
The truck was driving extremely slowly.
The truck was flashing its lights at me.
The truck was following Diego for some reason.
The truck was full of sheep.
The truck was lifted into the air by huge tentacles.
The truck was out of sight.
The truck was over 25 meters long.
The truck was overloaded.
The truck was still behind Diego.
The truck was stolen.
The truck was stuck here all night.
The truck was there and remained abandoned until the police came.
The truck was transported in individual pieces.
The truck was trapped in the mud.
The truck went into the ravine.
The truck will be in use around the clock.
The truck zoomed past Paul.
The truck's driver was drunk.
The trucks finally arrived in Algiers.
The trucks had failed inspection, but the drivers took them out anyway.
The trucks had failed the inspection, but the drivers took them out anyway.
The trucks have churned up the muddy road.
The trucks headed back to Algiers.
The trucks leave huge holes filled with mud.
The trucks were one behind the other.
The trucks were stuck on the road.
The true art of acting is to conceal from the audience that which is part of the role and that which comes from you personally.
The true art of life consists in seeing the miraculous in the everyday.
The true conservative seeks to protect the system of private property and free enterprise by correcting such injustices and inequalities as arise from it.
The true danger is when liberty is nibbled away, for expedients, and by parts.
The true flavor of water, it's in the desert that we recognize it.
The true gifts of Christmas are love and peace. You cannot buy them in a store.
The true history of Tatars, of the people in every respect historical, is not written yet.
The true killer responsible for her murder is you!
The true light that gives light to every man was coming into the world.
The true makers of history are the masses.
The true nature of reality transcends both the notion of existence and that of nonexistence.
The true nature of the planet Alpha Centauri Bb is still a mystery.
The true nature of this terrible genocide, which took place in front of the whole world, was revealed only after the National Leader Heydar Aliyev returned to political power in 1993, and in February 1994, the Milli Majlis of the Republic of Azerbaijan gave a political and legal assessment of the Khojaly genocide.
The true philosophical Act is annihilation of self (Selbsttötung); this is the real beginning of all Philosophy; all requisites for being a Disciple of Philosophy point hither. This Act alone corresponds to all the conditions and characteristics of transcendental conduct.
The true protagonist wasn't shot by anybody.
The true purpose of education is to prepare young men and women for effective citizenship in a free form of government.
The true religion of the fertility Goddess cannot be kept a secret any longer. The earth is striking back with devastating blows.
The true scale of the universe is hard to grasp.
The true secret of writing a good letter is to write as if you were talking.
The true soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him.
The true value of a man does not lie in what he has.
The true value of a man lies not so much in what he has as in what he is.
The true value of the present moment is always to be found in the attention we give to this moment, not in the content of our experience.
The true wisdom of life consists in seeing the miraculous in the common.
The truffle risotto at Benedito's restaurant is decadent.
The truly remarkable feature of sound production by birds is that the two sides of the syrinx can act independently.
The truly wise people usually lack the obsession.
The trumpet has a strong sound.
The trumpet is a musical instrument.
The trumpet of Christ is His gospel. He sounded it, and we heard.
The trumpets sounded the retreat.
The trunk is already open.
The trunk is attached to the root. A log is the body of the tree cut down, without boughs: having bark and rind, pith and heart.
The trunk is full.
The trunk is open.
The trunk is the main part of a tree.
The trunk of the pear tree is bigger than that of the plum tree.
The trunk roads are clogged up with lorries.
The trunk was empty.
The trunk was too heavy for him to manage.
The trunks of several trees blown down by the storm are lying at the edge of the clearing.
The trust of the people on the country's banking system continues to decrease in recent times, which is not a good sign for the economy as a whole.
The truth about time is that it waits for no one.
The truth always comes out in the end.
The truth always lies in the middle.
The truth always wins, since everybody always tells the truth.
The truth always wins.
The truth and simplicity of nature is always the most important foundation of noteworthy art.
The truth be told, Tom didn't need to do that.
The truth bears hatred.
The truth began to dawn on Tom.
The truth being told is a truth being ruled.
The truth can be a burden sometimes.
The truth can be more painful than a lie.
The truth can be obscured by appearances.
The truth can be overwhelming.
The truth can be told gently.
The truth can give rise to hatred.
The truth can often be found in unexpected places.
The truth can't be concealed.
The truth comes to light.
The truth couldn't be concealed.
The truth couldn't stay hidden forever.
The truth doesn't always win.
The truth doesn't need many words.
The truth emerged.
The truth finally came out at his trial.
The truth finally came out.
The truth from the Lord of you all.
The truth from the Lord of you.
The truth had to be out.
The truth had to be said.
The truth had to come out and I said it.
The truth had to come out at some point and I had to say it.
The truth has beaten me.
The truth has finally come out.
The truth has many masks, but only one face.
The truth has to be said at some point.
The truth has to get out.
The truth hit me like a huge snowball.
The truth hurts sometimes.
The truth hurts, doesn't it?
The truth hurts.
The truth hurts: I was a tool for your ambition.
The truth is I am an animal in a human body.
The truth is I bent over backwards to accommodate Tom.
The truth is I don't like Tom.
The truth is I don't like her.
The truth is I don't like him.
The truth is I don't like them.
The truth is I don't like you.
The truth is I love you.
The truth is I told a lie.
The truth is I'd like to attend a foreign school, but after all, the school expenses are too high.
The truth is I'm a man in a man's body.
The truth is I've always liked Australia.
The truth is I've always liked Boston.
The truth is I've never even met Tom.
The truth is I’ve moved on emotionally, leaving our past behind me.
The truth is Tom isn't really my brother.
The truth is also a lie.
The truth is always obvious in hindsight.
The truth is always something that is told, not something that is known. If there were no speaking or writing, there would be no truth about anything. There would only be what is.
The truth is always the same: all the other versions are lies.
The truth is at the centre of a universe of which no one knows the borders.
The truth is bitter.
The truth is bobbing up.
The truth is buried deeply.
The truth is elusive in espionage.
The truth is even more outrageous.
The truth is far more disturbing.
The truth is hard to believe.
The truth is hard to find.
The truth is harder to believe.
The truth is he has a habit of inventing lies.
The truth is important.
The truth is in front of her face.
The truth is incontrovertible. Panic may resent it, ignorance may deride it, malice may distort it but there it is.
The truth is incontrovertible. Panic may resent it, ignorance may deride it, malice may distort it, but there it is.
The truth is just lying under your eyes.
The truth is just standing under your eyes.
The truth is like a medicine, and therefore, it has side effects.
The truth is like a medicine. And therefore they also have side-effects.
The truth is lived, not taught.
The truth is more complex.
The truth is more complicated.
The truth is much more painful.
The truth is not always welcome.
The truth is now out in the open.
The truth is now out.
The truth is often compared to a bitter pill.
The truth is opaque and consequently imperceptible.
The truth is open to all, but we have not yet been able to uncover many truths, revealing them is the task of future generations.
The truth is quite complicated.
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.
The truth is really clear.
The truth is relative, just as everything in the world is relative.
The truth is slowly surfacing.
The truth is smothered by lies told for power and for profit.
The truth is sometimes better left unsaid.
The truth is sometimes submerged, but it doesn't drown.
The truth is somewhere in the middle.
The truth is strong.
The truth is that I can't speak French at all.
The truth is that I didn't mind.
The truth is that I didn't want to eat with Tom.
The truth is that I didn’t want to eat with Tom.
The truth is that I do not love you.
The truth is that I don't care.
The truth is that I don't know anything about it.
The truth is that I don't know if I should believe some of what you tell me.
The truth is that I don't love you.
The truth is that I don't really love you any more.
The truth is that I don't really love you anymore.
The truth is that I don’t know anything about it.
The truth is that I fear no one.
The truth is that I have never spoken Portuguese.
The truth is that I lied.
The truth is that I love Marwa.
The truth is that I love somebody else.
The truth is that I love you.
The truth is that I still love Tom.
The truth is that I tried to get away with it.
The truth is that I want to become a writer.
The truth is that I wanted to die.
The truth is that I was the one who killed your dog.
The truth is that I was very happy to help.
The truth is that I'm a woman in a man's body.
The truth is that I'm lying.
The truth is that I'm not lying.
The truth is that I'm starting to hate this job.
The truth is that I've never been confident around super attractive girls.
The truth is that Tom and I don't really talk much.
The truth is that Tom doesn't care.
The truth is that Tom is not such a hick, buddy.
The truth is that Tom isn't really my brother.
The truth is that Tom's French is not so good.
The truth is that Tom's French isn't so good.
The truth is that he didn't write a letter to her.
The truth is that he didn't write letters to her.
The truth is that he didn’t write a letter to her.
The truth is that he is good by nature.
The truth is that he was not fit for the job.
The truth is that if I don't have an around view monitor, I find it too difficult to park.
The truth is that it disgusts me.
The truth is that it might not matter.
The truth is that it won't matter.
The truth is that languages have never been and will never be equal, because there is a very large barrier that history has not been able to take down.
The truth is that my French is not so good.
The truth is that my French isn't so good.
The truth is that my French isn't very good.
The truth is that nothing is totally true or false.
The truth is that she was not there.
The truth is that the parents were to blame.
The truth is that the statement is his personal view.
The truth is that we can't live without air.
The truth is that we can’t live without air.
The truth is that we have plenty of time.
The truth is that you're a coward.
The truth is the best lie.
The truth is the hardest to believe.
The truth is the opposite.
The truth is the truth, even if you defy it and intentionally cover it up, it is still no different from daydreaming.
The truth is the truth.
The truth is too bitter.
The truth is too simple, one can only go there by way of the complex.
The truth is undeniable.
The truth is unthinkable.
The truth is very different.
The truth is very simple.
The truth is we need your help.
The truth is you're somewhere you want to get away from.
The truth is, Ellen liked you a whole lot.
The truth is, I don't have any problem with it.
The truth is, I don't know anything about it.
The truth is, I don't know what I want out of life anymore.
The truth is, I don't love you.
The truth is, I want to be a writer.
The truth is, he is nothing other than a deceiver.
The truth is, it was confusing for me, too, and I would have done anything not to have to go through it.
The truth is, my aunt would always tell me fascinating stories, but since they didn't come from a screen or from a YouTuber, I never paid them much attention.
The truth is, that from the earliest period of heraldic institutions, colours have been used to symbolise parties.
The truth is, these days, I'm thinking of writing a novel for a women's magazine.
The truth is, these days, I’m thinking of writing a novel for a women’s magazine.
The truth isn't always easy to recognize.
The truth isn't always somewhere in the middle.
The truth isn't always welcome!
The truth knocked the breath out of him.
The truth leads to light, the lie leads to nothing.
The truth lies in the middle.
The truth lies somewhere in the middle.
The truth makes the individual happy or unhappy.
The truth may be a great deal murkier.
The truth may lie beneath the surface.
The truth must be told gently and not too harshly.
The truth must be told.
The truth must come out.
The truth needs to come out.
The truth of the holocaust is doubtless.
The truth of the matter gradually dawned on me.
The truth of the matter is dawning on him.
The truth of the matter is kept absolutely secret.
The truth of the story is familiar to you all.
The truth quickly came out.
The truth shall be revealed to you.
The truth shall make you free.
The truth shall set you free.
The truth that is louder is more correct.
The truth value of an assertion may be a probability value.
The truth was about to catch up with Tom.
The truth was that he was already in love.
The truth was that she was already in love.
The truth was too beautiful and too curious, the proofs which he was able to produce were too logical and too conclusive for him to consent to misrepresent it.
The truth will always be welcome. It is preferable to any simulation.
The truth will always come out in the end.
The truth will always find its way out.
The truth will always win.
The truth will be got at before long.
The truth will be known.
The truth will be shocking for many people.
The truth will break you free.
The truth will clear soon.
The truth will come out in the future.
The truth will come out one day.
The truth will come out.
The truth will come to light.
The truth will elevate you.
The truth will eventually be found out.
The truth will eventually be known.
The truth will get out.
The truth will help you break free from your mind.
The truth will make your mind break free.
The truth will out.
The truth will set you free.
The truth will set your heart free.
The truth will set your mind free.
The truth would make me sound insane.
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.
The truth's on the football pitch.
The truth, as always, lies somewhere in the middle.
The truth, however ugly in itself, is always curious and beautiful to seekers after it.
The truth, however, is a bit different.
The truth, in the wrong moment, can be dangerous.
The truth, spoken bluntly, hurts.
The truth?
The tryouts appeared easy.
The tsar of Russia is old. Quite frankly he is so old that he could be suffering from a deadly disease without us even knowing. The problem is, he has a big ego after that many years on the throne, and he really wants some pages about himself in the history books. War? Easy decision for him. Nuclear war? Better for him. He surely will never be forgotten.
The tsar was the ruler of Russia.
The tsunami alert has been canceled.
The tsunami alert was cancelled.
The tsunami hit the town, completely destroying it.
The tsunami obliterates everything in its path.
The tub has a capacity of fifty gallons.
The tub is empty.
The tub is full.
The tub is running over.
The tub of water was filled to the brim.
The tub of water was filled to the very brim.
The tub of water was filled to the very edge.
The tub ran over while she was on the phone.
The tub was filled to the brim with water.
The tube does not run to a strict timetable during the day.
The tube is really small.
The tube of resin should be really well filled.
The tube of super glue was see-through.
The tube was shattered by the explosion.
The tuberculin reaction was negative.
The tuberculin reaction was positive.
The tuberculin reaction was pseudopositive.
The tubes are clogged.
The tubes are in the walls.
The tugboat guided the ship into the Algiers port.
The tulip industry is in decline.
The tulips are in bloom in the flower bed.
The tulips bloomed.
The tulips budded finally.
The tulips flourished.
The tulips have begun to come up.
The tulips have bloomed.
The tulips have come out beautifully.
The tulips in my garden are now at their best.
The tulips were blooming.
The tumble hurt him badly.
The tumor continued to grow.
The tumor is growing in size.
The tumor is growing.
The tumor is malignant.
The tumor proved to be benign.
The tumor seems to be benign.
The tumor was benign.
The tumor was removed.
The tumour seems to be benign.
The tumour was benign.
The tuna at the market is always canned. It becomes rancid because the employees there never check for expiration dates on their canned tuna products.
The tuna catch is declining.
The tuna must have been 8 feet long.
The tundra ecosystem is characterized by a harsh climate and limited vegetation.
The tundra has a harsh climate.
The tune is pretty catchy.
The tune was not familiar to me.
The tune was unfamiliar to me.
The tunes were carried on the wind.
The tungsten cube Tom leaves on his nightstand greets him every morning with its sheer density.
The tunic has a raw cut hem.
The tuning note A4 is equal to 440 Hz.
The tuning of the third string is off.
The tuning of the third string is wrong.
The tunnel caved in because of the earthquake the other day.
The tunnel collapsed.
The tunnel could collapse, killing anybody inside it.
The tunnel has been searched and cleared.
The tunnel is scheduled to open at the end of next year.
The tunnel is starting to turn upward.
The tunnel is still in use today.
The tunnel is to open at the end of next year.
The tunnel runs through the mountain.
The tunnel was closed to traffic.
The tunnel was completely pitch black.
The tunnel was declared safe.
The tunnel was empty and silent.
The tunnel was used to smuggle contraband across the border.
The tunnel was very narrow, but Ziri could maneuver through it.
The tunnel will lead us to an exit.
The tunnel’s entrance was near a newly constructed segment of the border wall that President Donald Trump visited back in September that has become a hallmark of his hardline policy of keeping undocumented immigrants from entering the United States.
The turban is important in Sikhism.
The turbidity test measures how cloudy the water is, providing a quick estimate of its suspended solids content.
The turbines revolve at a speed of 3000 revolutions a minute.
The turbulent sands above our heads, the flinging of our swords... they're naught but falling stars in the night sky.
The turbulent sands above our heads, the flinging of our swords... they’re naught but falling stars in the night sky.
The turd was rock-solid.
The turkey gobbles.
The turkey is a very large ground-dwelling bird.
The turkey is in the oven.
The turkey was moist and juicy.
The turkey was tender and juicy.
The turkeys in my grandfather's farm are very noisy, I can't wait for them to get eaten.
The turkeys in my grandfather’s farm are very noisy, I can’t wait for them to get eaten.
The turning point for the Karen meme, Schimkowitz says, came in May when a woman called the police after a Black birdwatcher in New York’s Central Park asked her to put a leash on her dog in keeping with a local ordinance.
The turnips are ready to harvest.
The turnout exceeded expectations.
The turnout exceeded our expectations.
The turnover at my company is really speeding up lately.
The turnover on the Tokyo stock Exchange swelled to the year's record.
The turnover on the Tokyo stock Exchange swelled to the year’s record.
The turnover was 500 million shares.
The turquoise colour evokes the colour of clear water, it's a light and pale blue.
The turquoise water was the highlight of their vacation.
The turtle crawls.
The turtle died.
The turtle got away.
The turtle has no teeth.
The turtle hatchlings instinctively make their way towards the sea.
The turtle is as slow as the snail.
The turtle is crawling.
The turtle laid its eggs on the beach.
The turtle lives a long time.
The turtle lives for centuries.
The turtle moves slowly to the sea.
The turtle really likes salad.
The turtle was born with deformities caused by the chemicals in the water.
The turtle's asleep.
The turtledove lands in my garden.
The turtles basked in the sun.
The turtles laid their eggs on the beach.
The tusks of this elephant are impressive.
The tutoring session didn't take long.
The tweets of cute birds and pretty scenery can be a relief from the rage on social media.
The twelfth juror is missing.
The twelve Chinese zodiac signs are the rat, the ox, the tiger, the rabbit, the dragon, the snake, the horse, the sheep, the monkey, the rooster, the dog, and the pig.
The twelve animals of the Chinese Zodiac come from eleven types of animals we find in nature: the rat, the ox, the tiger, the hare, the snake, the horse, the ram, the monkey, the rooster, the dog, the pig, and the mythological dragon; they're used as a calendar.
The twelve animals of the Chinese zodiac come from eleven kinds of animals originating in nature, namely the rat, ox, tiger, rabbit, horse, snake, monkey, rooster, dog and pig, as well as the legendary form of the dragon, and are used as a calendar.
The twelve animals of the Chinese zodiac come from eleven kinds of animals originating in nature, namely the rat, ox, tiger, rabbit, snake, horse, goat, monkey, rooster, dog and pig, as well as the legendary form of the dragon, and are used as a calendar.
The twelve months of the year are January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, and December.
The twelve signs of the Zodiac are: Aries, Taurus, Gemini, Cancer, Leo, Virgo, Libra, Scorpio, Sagittarius, Capricorn, Aquarius and Pisces.
The twelve signs of the zodiac correspond to twelve constellations.
The twelve stars on the flag of the European Union do not symbolize the twelve founding members of the union. They symbolize the Twelve Apostles.
The twelve-hour journey had tired me out.
The twentieth most frequent letter in Esperanto is 'c'.
The twentieth of February is the fifty-first day of the year.
The twentieth of July is my birthday.
The twenty-fifth of December is Christmas.
The twenty-fifth of December is the first day of Christmas.
The twenty-first century begins in 2001.
The twenty-first century starts in just a few years.
The twilight came on.
The twilight makes everything appear grey.
The twilight merged into darkness.
The twin brothers are as alike as two peas.
The twin brothers are as like as two peas.
The twin brothers are indistinguishable.
The twin brothers are like two peas.
The twin brothers look exactly alike.
The twin girls are so much alike that I can't tell one from the other.
The twin girls are so much alike that I can’t tell one from the other.
The twin girls looked so much alike that I couldn't tell them apart.
The twin girls looked so similar that I couldn't tell them apart.
The twin girls were so much alike that I couldn't tell one from the other.
The twin sisters are alike as two peas in a pod.
The twin suns are revolving around our planet.
The twinge in my side forced me to bend.
The twinkling lights and festive decorations create a magical ambiance that I adore during Christmas.
The twins are as alike as two peas in a pod.
The twins are crying again.
The twins are indistinguishable from each other.
The twins are singing happily because it's snowing.
The twins are so much alike that I can not distinguish one from the other.
The twins are so much alike that I can't distinguish one from the other.
The twins are so much alike that I cannot distinguish one from the other.
The twins are very much alike.
The twins blew out the candles together.
The twins do resemble each other.
The twins had a joint birthday party when they turned eighteen.
The twins have come down with measles.
The twins have come to our classroom.
The twins helped.
The twins look exactly alike.
The twins look so alike that it is difficult to tell them apart.
The twins look so much alike it's next to impossible to distinguish one from the other.
The twins look so much alike it’s next to impossible to distinguish one from the other.
The twins look so much alike that it's almost impossible to tell them apart.
The twins look so much alike that it's difficult to tell them apart.
The twins look so much alike that it's impossible to tell them apart.
The twins look so similar that I can't tell them apart.
The twins looked after the baby.
The twins often wear matching outfits.
The twins sang.
The twins smiled.
The twins were bullying John.
The twins were eight years old at that time
The twins were finally reunited at the age of 35.
The twins were so alike that it was difficult to tell them apart.
The twins will be judged for fraud.
The twister demolished an elementary school and reduced homes to piles of splintered wood in Moore, a suburb of Oklahoma City.
The twister destroyed Tom's house.
The two AI programs chatted with each other over the telephone, each believing the other was a human.
The two Frenchmen speak French and eat French bread.
The two Germanies were ideologically incompatible states.
The two Houses of Parliament in London are the House of Lords and the House of Commons.
The two Queens are very different.
The two accidents coincided with each other.
The two adversaries in distance running are your competitors and the clock.
The two aims of the Party are to conquer the whole surface of the earth and to extinguish once and for all the possibility of independent thought.
The two always went by the shop after school time.
The two answers are both correct.
The two apps are lumped in the same category by the American administration.
The two are not comparable.
The two are not in the same category.
The two are synonymous.
The two bade adieu to their landlady upon Tuesday, the 4th inst., and departed to Euston Station with the avowed intention of catching the Liverpool express.
The two banks consolidated and formed a single large bank.
The two bathrooms on the main floor will become gender neutral.
The two became close friends, and when Kennedy launched his campaign for president in January 1960, Sorensen went with him as a speechwriter, political strategist and confidante.
The two became friends.
The two birds built a nest without a building permit.
The two blamed each other.
The two books are equivalent in value.
The two boys are cousins.
The two boys are much the same in English.
The two boys are quarreling.
The two boys became intimate friends at the camp.
The two boys began hitting each other.
The two boys began to blame each other.
The two boys cooked their meal between them.
The two boys fought over who got to use the computer.
The two boys lived alone with a lovely cat.
The two boys look more alike than I thought.
The two boys looked at each other.
The two boys never get along.
The two boys raced each other home.
The two boys traveled throughout the land.
The two boys were captured.
The two boys were stopped and searched by the police.
The two boys, aged respectively fourteen and sixteen, were dressed in the army uniform, and wore gold-lace sergeant's chevrons upon their sleeves.
The two brothers are as like as two peas.
The two brothers are like two peas in a pod.
The two brothers are pretty different.
The two brothers are quite unlike in their appearance.
The two brothers are still alive.
The two brothers are very much alike.
The two brothers couldn't get along with each other.
The two brothers couldn’t get along with each other.
The two brothers died.
The two brothers embraced warmly.
The two brothers have died.
The two brothers look so much alike that it is difficult to tell them apart.
The two brothers never reconciled.
The two brothers resemble each other so much that I can hardly distinguish one from the other.
The two brothers smiled at each other.
The two brothers were born twelve years apart.
The two brothers were partners.
The two buildings adjoin.
The two buildings were pretty close together.
The two bull giraffes were sizing each other up.
The two buses resemble each other at first glance.
The two came to the same conclusion.
The two candidates are neck and neck.
The two candidates are struggling for mastery.
The two candidates were still neck and neck just hours before the polls opened.
The two cars almost met head-on on the way.
The two cars collided at the intersection.
The two cars collided with a crash.
The two cars collided.
The two cars crashed head-on.
The two cars crashed.
The two cars tried to make way for each other.
The two cases are not related.
The two cases aren't related.
The two cats were staring at each other's eyes.
The two children prepared to be bored.
The two children pulled at the rope until it broke.
The two children were of an age.
The two children, who had been fighting, sat frowning at each other.
The two chuckled.
The two cities are connected by this highway.
The two cities are not far from each other.
The two cities aren't far from each other.
The two classes were brought together into a larger class.
The two clicked instantly.
The two clowns slapped each other.
The two clubs united to form one.
The two companies are competing with each other.
The two companies are planning for a test flight of their capsules by the end of this year or early next year, with the first crews hoping to fly from Cape Canaveral, Florida, by next spring or summer.
The two companies combined in a joint corporation.
The two companies plan to unite.
The two competitors are dead even.
The two computers were otherwise identical.
The two contestants will square off in a test of who is the better dancer.
The two cooled off in the arbour.
The two cosmonauts collaborated on a variety of Russian space research.
The two cosmonauts looked at microgravity’s effect on pain sensitivity and bone tissue.
The two cosmonauts rehydrated their meals.
The two countries are antagonistic to each other.
The two countries are closely related to each other.
The two countries are engaged in biological warfare.
The two countries broke their diplomatic ties in 1979.
The two countries came to a political settlement over this dispute.
The two countries differ in religion and culture.
The two countries do not have diplomatic relations.
The two countries expressed interest in establishing diplomatic ties.
The two countries formally initiated diplomatic relations.
The two countries had fought together as allies in the Second World War.
The two countries have a lot in common culturally.
The two countries have been engaged in a stand-off for two weeks now.
The two countries have broken off diplomatic relations.
The two countries have had no diplomatic ties since 1979.
The two countries have negotiated a treaty.
The two countries have no direct diplomatic ties.
The two countries negotiated a peace treaty.
The two countries negotiated a treaty.
The two countries now live in peace with each other.
The two countries of France and Italy are divided by the Alps.
The two countries officially opened diplomatic relations in 1962.
The two countries restored their diplomatic ties last year.
The two countries resumed shaky diplomatic ties in April.
The two countries severed their diplomatic ties in 1979.
The two countries signed a treaty of amity and cooperation.
The two countries waged a bloody war on each other.
The two countries were leagued with each other.
The two countries were moving closer to war.
The two countries were united under one government.
The two countries will negotiate a settlement to the crisis.
The two creations—the prochronic and the diachronic—here unite.
The two date palms are four feet apart.
The two daughters are different from each other.
The two daughters are the second generation.
The two detectives stared at him in amazement.
The two doctors used cadavers to confirm the existence of the ALL (anterolateral ligament), which was present in all but one of the 41 cadavers examined.
The two dogs fought over the bone.
The two dogs quarreled over the bone.
The two dogs sniffed each other.
The two dogs treed the raccoon.
The two eastern countries are at war.
The two elder brothers arrived first with their wives, beautiful, bright, and cheerful, and dressed in rich garments.
The two enemies were face to face.
The two escort attendants watch over the bride; moreover, they know how to protect the bride from any spell. Nothing escapes their sharp eyes.
The two ethnic groups united into one nation.
The two factions gang up with each other.
The two factions joined forces.
The two factors need to balance each other out.
The two families have very close ties.
The two families live under one roof.
The two felt the pressing necessity of earning a livelihood.
The two fields are separated by a wall.
The two fixed on the day for their wedding.
The two foresters accordingly set off in pursuit of the stranger. They speedily reappeared, and, in an embarrassed and awkward manner, said the gentleman would not return.
The two former managers face four new charges, including conspiracy and misconduct in office, for their roles in the crisis, in which inadequately treated water from a local river corroded residential pipes carrying water to an estimated 100,000 people.
The two friends are revising together for tomorrow's exam.
The two friends drank seven beers together.
The two friends got on well together.
The two friends have formed a deep bond of friendship.
The two friends settled down on the couch to re-watch their favorite chick flick.
The two generals met again the next day.
The two girls coughed at the same time.
The two girls eyed each other, and then smiled.
The two girls hugged each other.
The two girls sat down.
The two girls smiled at each other.
The two girls were close friends.
The two girls wore the same dress to the dance.
The two girls, quite unconstrained and careless, danced in the freedom and gaiety of their hearts.
The two go hand in hand.
The two got into a verbal altercation on the topic of pineapple on pizza.
The two great secrets of happiness: pleasure and forgetfulness.
The two groups met as friends.
The two groups share equally in the company.
The two gunshot victims are in the intensive care unit at a nearby hospital.
The two guys were beating each other senseless.
The two had a wonderful time together.
The two had been enemies for a long time.
The two have grown apart from each other.
The two held hands and walked in the moonlight.
The two hid from view.
The two houses stand alongside each other.
The two houses stand alongside of each other.
The two houses stand back to back.
The two houses stand side by side.
The two hugged.
The two incidents are connected with each other.
The two initial quakes were followed by at least 100 aftershocks, causing panic and forcing people into the street just after authorities imposed strict quarantine rules and penalties for breaking them.
The two installations occupied almost and provided job opportunities for thousands.
The two kissed.
The two ladies smiled at each other.
The two lads who slept in the chaff-cutting loft above the harness-room were quickly aroused.
The two languages have a lot in common.
The two laughed.
The two leading firms are actually in cahoots with each other.
The two left.
The two legionnaires took turns interrogating Rima.
The two lines cross each other at right angles.
The two little ducklings had fallen asleep, and the little drake lay between them, covered up by their wings, to be kept warm under their feathers.
The two little old men, each with his own wig back on his own head, shook hands and swore to be good friends for the rest of their lives.
The two looked at each other.
The two lovers looked at each other in silence.
The two lovers looked at each other, rendered speechless by surprise.
The two lovers sat face to face, drinking tea.
The two lovers swore to love each other for eternity.
The two lovers who eloped were crucified.
The two main forms in which carbon appears on the earth are carbon dioxide and methane.
The two main languages spoken in Algeria are Arabic and Berber.
The two main operations in calculus are the integral and the derivative.
The two major causes of global sea level rise are thermal expansion caused by warming of the ocean (since water expands as it warms) and increased melting of land-based ice, such as glaciers and ice sheets.
The two matters are not connected.
The two matters are unrelated.
The two meetings clash.
The two men accused each other.
The two men are there again.
The two men blamed each other for the crime.
The two men clashed upon seeing each other.
The two men competed for Lady Mary's heart.
The two men competed for her attention.
The two men competed for the young maiden's heart.
The two men do not work together any more, but back in 1982 they made what the Nobel Committee called "the remarkable and unexpected discovery" that gastritis and peptic ulcer disease are the result of an infection caused by a then-unknown bacterium.
The two men faced each other.
The two men fought for a long time.
The two men had much in common.
The two men looked at each other.
The two men seemed to want to kill each other.
The two men shook hands with each other the minute they were introduced.
The two men shook hands.
The two men sitting on the bench were Americans.
The two men understood one another perfectly, and had a mutual respect for each other's strong qualities.
The two men understood one another perfectly, and had a mutual respect for each other’s strong qualities.
The two men were arrested for reckless driving.
The two men were business partners.
The two men were drinking in a bar.
The two men were like fire and water.
The two men were not related.
The two men were released from jail.
The two men were seen to steal into the house.
The two men were tried by a military court.
The two met each other at a vocational college for animation.
The two met in October in Boston.
The two mirrors facing each other created a repeating image that went on to infinity.
The two most common adverbial structures you will find are adverbs and prepositional phrases.
The two most essential parts of speech are verbs and nouns.
The two most famous volcanoes of Italy are Vesuvius and Etna.
The two most important people in the meeting are Tom and Mary.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
The two mountains are of equal height.
The two mountains were of the same height.
The two names are in this envelope.
The two narrow energy beams seen in the gamma ray burst poster reflect how they occur in real life, travelling in opposite directions from the colliding stellar corpses.
The two nations agreed to establish diplomatic ties.
The two nations agreed to restore diplomatic relations after a break of nearly three decades.
The two nations are at war.
The two nations have always been uncomfortable bedfellows.
The two nations have had no diplomatic relations for nearly three decades.
The two nations have strong trade ties.
The two nations want to rebuild their diplomatic ties.
The two negatives cancel each other out.
The two neighbouring countries differ from each other in all respects.
The two of them are in the room.
The two of them are spending a weekend somewhere by the sea.
The two of them are two busy now; they can't talk to you.
The two of them carried Fadil's body.
The two of them carried Sami's body.
The two of them fought for the prize.
The two of them got back together.
The two of them got off the bus and walked a mile in the hot sunshine.
The two of them got off the bus and walked two kilometres in the hot sunshine.
The two of them grew up in Australia.
The two of them grew up in Boston.
The two of them have been in Australia for over three years.
The two of them have been in Boston for over three years.
The two of them have grown apart.
The two of them left.
The two of them looked around.
The two of them seemed to be calm despite everything.
The two of them split up.
The two of them started to walk away.
The two of them struck up a friendship very quickly.
The two of them transformed chemistry into a modern science.
The two of them went down this road.
The two of them went to the register and paid.
The two of them were equally stressed out.
The two of them were never to meet again.
The two of them were talking in a foreign language I didn't understand.
The two of them were there.
The two of us almost missed the bus.
The two of us are abysmally different.
The two of us are finally alone.
The two of us are friends.
The two of us are leaving and we're going to Algeria.
The two of us are sharing an orange.
The two of us are so different.
The two of us are still rather young, and so we don't have this kind of problem.
The two of us are still rather young, and so we don’t have this kind of problem.
The two of us are students.
The two of us aren't that good at chess. We're just playing because we felt like it.
The two of us ate together.
The two of us collected them.
The two of us did that together.
The two of us don't belong here.
The two of us don’t belong here.
The two of us drank a bottle of white.
The two of us go to the store.
The two of us have nothing to fear.
The two of us have nothing to worry about.
The two of us have parted, and we must forget each other; ineluctable fate forbids our ever meeting again.
The two of us split up last year.
The two of us traveled together.
The two of us went to Brittany for a few days.
The two of us were inseparable.
The two of us will pull you out of here somehow.
The two of us work in the same office.
The two of you are in cahoots against me!
The two of you are the most annoying people I've ever met.
The two of you are watching.
The two of you did good work today.
The two of you have ruined my life.
The two of you look like you're having fun.
The two old men while away the time playing cards.
The two old women rose from the bed, and crouching over the fire, held out their withered hands to catch the heat. The flame threw a ghastly light on their shrivelled faces, and made their ugliness appear terrible, as, in this position, they began to converse in a low voice.
The two opposing armies intended to parley in order to exchange hostages.
The two paintings were created by an unknown master in about 1400.
The two parents are the father and the mother.
The two part episode's cliffhanger had me in suspense.
The two parties allied to defeat the bill.
The two parties have verged away from the political center reflecting a polarized country.
The two parties joined forces to block the bill.
The two parties worked together to defeat the bill.
The two parts were played by one and the same actress.
The two people were shaking hands heartily as if they had not seen each other for years.
The two phones, which initially were allophones of a single phoneme, became distinct phonemes as a result of these sound changes.
The two pieces were glued tightly together.
The two planes were on a collision course.
The two players in the lead earned the same number of points, so the competition will go into a tiebreaker.
The two poems express human suffering.
The two policemen were exhausted, too.
The two political parties are irreconcilable foes.
The two politicians met face to face for the first time.
The two premiers had nothing in common.
The two pubescent boys hacked the public-service announcement system and warned of a fifty-foot giant woman approaching the town.
The two qualities are mutually exclusive.
The two quarreling children sat making faces at each other.
The two quarrelled and fought all day long.
The two races witnessed numerous revolutions during their time on the planet.
The two ran into one another naturally enough at the corner; and then came the horrible part of the thing; for the man trampled calmly over the child's body and left her screaming on the ground.
The two regions differ in religion and culture.
The two rivers meet in Sudan and travel northwards, flowing through Egypt until finally emptying into the Mediterranean Sea.
The two roads cross there.
The two roads cut across the street from us.
The two roads intersect there.
The two roads join here.
The two roads meet here.
The two robberies were related.
The two rooms are connected.
The two runners reached the finish line at the same time.
The two scholars argued for hours about biblical hermeneutics.
The two scholars wrangled over the meaning of an obscure Tibetan phrase.
The two sentences are both coherent.
The two sentries were shot down, and so was a corporal who came running to see what was the matter.
The two ships went down at once.
The two siblings bicker without reason.
The two sides clashed several times.
The two sides finally agreed on a compromise.
The two sides fought fiercely in the Battle of Iwo Jima.
The two sides hold talks this week.
The two sides must reach an agreement in principle by the end of June.
The two sides negotiated for days.
The two sides signed a peace treaty.
The two sides struggled for hours in the hot summer sun.
The two sisters are so alike.
The two sisters are so much alike that we find it rather difficult to tell one from the other.
The two sisters became more and more famous.
The two sisters lived very peacefully.
The two sisters lived very quietly.
The two sisters were always quarreling with each other.
The two smiled.
The two squirrels chased each other around the trunk of a large tree.
The two stamp collectors arranged a trade.
The two statements don't agree.
The two states now live in peace with one another.
The two states should reach an agreement.
The two streets intersect at right angles.
The two streets run parallel to each other.
The two streets run parallel to one another.
The two strongest teams will clash with each other this weekend.
The two students are twins.
The two students parted when they reached the corner.
The two students will be talking to each other.
The two suspects are blaming each other.
The two suspects are pointing fingers at each other.
The two systems are based on radically different principles.
The two teachers had an equal number of students.
The two teams arrived on the field.
The two teams competed in the final game.
The two teams debated on the issue of nuclear power.
The two teams fought very hard.
The two teams playing tonight are the Yomiuri Giants and the Hanshin Tigers.
The two teams swapped shirts after the game.
The two teams were tied at the finish.
The two things aren't necessarily mutually exclusive.
The two towns are separated by a river.
The two trains collided at high speed causing hundreds of deaths.
The two tried one after the other.
The two types of monkeys are not particularly related to each other.
The two vans collided.
The two vans crashed into each other.
The two vans telescoped together.
The two villages adjoin each other.
The two vowels form a diphthong that is difficult to pronounce.
The two went to the window to look outside.
The two were almost the same.
The two were inseparable.
The two were silent for a moment.
The two women are very likeable, while the men are, well, less so.
The two women are very likeable; the men—well, the men are less so.
The two women calculated how make a profitable salad business over coffee.
The two women know each other.
The two women look at Tom and then at each other.
The two women resembled each other so closely that they could have been twins.
The two women resembled each other so much that they could have been twins.
The two women were so alike that they could have been twins.
The two words that we hear the most in the Flemish language are "allez" and "voilà", two French words.
The two young children lost their way in the dark forest.
The two young girls smiled happily.
The two young girls were holding hands.
The two young men were quite engaging and friendly; they had been sent out by their church as missionaries.
The two young people greeted each other affectionately.
The two young people went off in opposite directions.
The two, who live together, are preparing to dance with dozens of other members of the San Francisco Ballet company currently sequestered throughout the city and around the world.
The two-fold race Anchises understands, / the double sires, and owns himself misled / by modern error 'twixt two ancient lands.
The two-man French group, Daft Punk, is on top of the American record charts this week with the album, “Random Access Memories.” The sound is similar to disco music of the 1970s and 80s.
The two-month course began at the "Regina Apostolorum," one of Rome's prestigious pontifical universities. The course has been described as both "theoretical and practical" and is open to priests and theology students only. Teachers include exorcists and psychiatrists. One of the issues that will be addressed is how to tell the difference between someone who is possessed and someone who simply has psychological problems.
The two-spotted ladybird is very rare.
The two-state solution is already dead.
The two-state solution is dead.
The two-state solution is not the good one in Palestine.
The two-state solution is unviable.
The two-state solution won't work.
The two-story duplex exploded due to flood water.
The tycoon endowed each son with a million dollars.
The type of mastectomy a patient undergoes depends on numerous factors, including whether the patient intends undergoing reconstructive surgery.
The type of person I don't like is the type who suddenly gets angry while having a conversation.
The type of person who boasts about their IQ is likely to be exaggerating it.
The types of people attracted by a project's lack of moderation aren't usually the types who make good contributors to projects.
The typewriter is stored in the basement.
The typhoon accounted for the closing of school.
The typhoon bared the tree of its fruit.
The typhoon became weaker and changed into a storm.
The typhoon blew our roof off.
The typhoon brought lots of rain to that area.
The typhoon caused a lot of damage.
The typhoon caused a tree to tumble on my yard.
The typhoon caused considerable damage all along the coast.
The typhoon caused considerable damage along the entire coast.
The typhoon caused damage across several provinces.
The typhoon caused damage in many areas.
The typhoon caused great damage to the crops.
The typhoon caused immeasurable damage.
The typhoon caused the river to flood.
The typhoon claimed many lives.
The typhoon destroyed many houses.
The typhoon did a lot of damage to the crops.
The typhoon did great damage to the rice crop.
The typhoon did great damage to the village.
The typhoon did much damage to the crops.
The typhoon did not a little damage to the crops.
The typhoon did not cause any damage.
The typhoon didn't cause any damage.
The typhoon gathered strength.
The typhoon has caused considerable damage along the entire coast.
The typhoon has done much harm.
The typhoon has done no harm.
The typhoon has lost its power.
The typhoon hit Tokyo.
The typhoon is approaching Japan.
The typhoon is gaining strength as it heads for Kyushu.
The typhoon is gone.
The typhoon is increasing in strength.
The typhoon knocked down a tree in my yard.
The typhoon last week was extremely deadly.
The typhoon led to the school being closed.
The typhoon left behind a trail of destruction.
The typhoon made that difficult.
The typhoon may cross the Tohoku district.
The typhoon moved in a westerly direction.
The typhoon prevented our plane from leaving.
The typhoon prevented us from going back to Tokyo.
The typhoon prevented us from returning to Tokyo.
The typhoon resulted in a lot of flooding.
The typhoon struck the Kanto district.
The typhoon struck the city, causing great damage.
The typhoon will approach the Kanto district around two in the afternoon.
The typical Japanese person doesn't speak English.
The typical Japanese person doesn’t speak English.
The typical beer of Germans is pilsener.
The typical child will eat the typical tortillas.
The typical child will eat tortillas.
The typical elements of a foreign culture are changed into the typical elements of the local culture of translators.
The typical elements of a foreign culture are kept in the translated text.
The typical laptop keyboard has a bunch of built-in function keys.
The typical middle-class American baby comes home from the hospital to sleep in his own bed in his own room.
The typical word order in Globasa is subject-verb-object, the same as in English.
The typist tried to erase the error.
The tyrannosaurus escaped.
The tyrant has guards.
The tyrant kept the people down.
The tyrant must be destroyed.
The tyrant's heart melted with compassion.
The tyrant’s heart melted with compassion.
The tyre has blown.
The tyre has burst.
The tyre is a bit underinflated.
The tyre is a little under-inflated.
The tyre is burst.
The tyre is letting out air.
The tyre is losing air.
The tyre on my bicycle has burst.
The tyre wall is coated with a reflective material to provide extra visibility in the dark.
The tyre's blown.
The tyre's burst.
The tyres are almost bald. The tread has gone.
The tyres are very sticky.
The tyres are worn.
The tyres grip really well.
The tyres screeched.
The ugliest word: war, hunger? The most beautiful word: peace, love?
The ugly Mary became a sex kitten.
The ugly clouds were getting closer, so we went inside.
The ugly crocodile is sleeping in the pond.
The ugly duckling became a beautiful swan.
The ugly duckling turned into a beautiful swan.
The ukelele chords are always in her CD booklet.
The ulcer in my mouth hurts, so I do not want to talk.
The ultimate life spoiler: in the end you'll die!
The ultimate life spoiler: in the end you’ll die!
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.
The ultimate purpose of all the arts is nothing other than entertainment.
The ultimate question for me is whether I like business.
The ultra-modern city state Singapore has become a model that other Asian nations aspire to — organized, immaculate and efficient.
The ultraviolet light disinfects wastewater so completely that bacteria and other harmful microorganisms cannot grow.
The umbilical cord contains Wharton's jelly, a gelatinous substance which protects the blood vessels inside and acts as a mucous connective tissue.
The umbilical cord develops by the fifth week of embryonic development, replacing the yolk sac as the embryo's nutrient source.
The umbrella I lent you belongs to Tom.
The umbrella Mary was carrying wasn't hers.
The umbrella Tom was carrying wasn't his.
The umbrella is also a cane sometimes.
The umbrella is broken.
The umbrella on the right is mine.
The umbrella that I bought in Australia is this one.
The umbrella that I lent you belongs to Tom.
The umbrellas Tom and Mary were carrying weren't theirs.
The umpire called the ball foul.
The umpire called the batter out.
The umpire gave him out.
The umpire said that he was out.
The umpire sits in a high chair at the side of the court.
The umpire was partial to the team from his country.
The unabridged version of this book is almost 1,500 pages.
The unabridged version of this book is nearly 1,500 pages.
The unalterable rhythm of mathematics is definition, theorem, proof.
The uncalled capital added up to half a million dollars.
The uncertainty about the weather has had a definite effect upon the Englishman's character.
The uncertainty about the weather has had a definite effect upon the Englishman’s character.
The uncertainty didn't last long.
The uncertainty of the moment has left him to fume almost daily on Twitter about what he sees as the unfairness of the case against him.
The unclaimed items were auctioned off.
The unclaimed items were sold at auction.
The unclaimed items were sold off at auction.
The uncle didn't open his mouth.
The uncle gave me a friendly piece of advice.
The uncle is cooking a mass of chapatis.
The uncle is eating chapati.
The uncle was drinking lassi.
The uncle will be cooking tacos.
The uncle will be drinking mango lassi.
The uncles, aunts, grandads and grandmas are there as well.
The unconscious person feels no pain, but for the family and friends it can be a long and painful experience.
The uncontrolled growth of world population will inevitably lead to wars, economic and humanitarian crises.
The uncut version of the DVD only included one extra scene.
The undead feed on human flesh.
The undeniable parallelism between US and British imperialist ambitions suggests that London should seriously consider the proposition of becoming an American state.
The undergraduate library is that way.
The underground in London is known as 'the tube'.
The underlines you see were added by the author to emphasize the key points.
The underlying causes of the problem are widely known.
The underpass is closed.
The underprivileged beggar was not eligible for financial aid.
The undersecretary was maintained in office by the political bosses.
The understanding of the present is impossible without a good understanding of the past.
The undertaking entailed great expense upon the government.
The undertaking was a failure from the beginning.
The underwear is nice, right?
The undesirables were loaded into a van and driven away to who-knows-where.
The unemployed always wind up at the bottom of the heap.
The unemployment level is high.
The unemployment rate continues to rise.
The unemployment rate dropped to a five-year low in January.
The unemployment rate has reached 5 percent.
The unemployment rate has reached five percent.
The unemployment rate in Japan was 3.4 percent in September of 2015.
The unemployment rate in Morocco is rising sharply.
The unemployment rate in the US in October 2015 was 5 percent, the lowest level since April 2008.
The unemployment rate is alarming.
The unemployment rate is increasing more and more.
The unemployment rate of Algeria is forecasted to decrease.
The unemployment rate went up to 5% because of the recession.
The unemployment rate went up to 5%.
The unemployment rate will rise by degrees.
The unemployment rates were made public.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
The unexpected always happens.
The unexpected by-product of the calculation was that Earth may be unique, actually an aberration among myriads of dead, uninhabitable worlds.
The unexpected explosion temporarily disoriented me.
The unexpected happened.
The unexpected invitation came as a great surprise to me.
The unexpected news rattled her completely.
The unexpected often happens in life.
The unexpected smile from the teacher hinted at approval of my work.
The unexpected stopover in Beijing extended our travel time.
The unexpected windfall has put my brother and his wife on easy street.
The unfortunate Baldoon recovered from his wounds, but sternly prohibited all inquiries respecting the manner in which he had received them.
The unfortunate young man was found lying near the table.
The unhappy are egotistical, base, unjust, cruel, and even less capable of understanding one another than are idiots. Unhappiness does not unite people, but separates them...
The unhappy event made him put an end to himself.
The unhappy ones are dangerous.
The unhappy teacher was saved by the bell.
The unhappy woman, drowned in tears, told her story.
The unicorn is a fabulous being.
The unicorn is a fabulous monster.
The unicorn is a mythical creature.
The unicorn is found in the river valley.
The unicorn is in the hills.
The unicorn ran at the tree with all his might and penetrated the trunk so deeply with his horn that he couldn't pull it out and was thus stuck.
The unicorn's horn is ebony.
The unicorn's horn is golden.
The uniform of a swimmer has to be streamline so it helps them cut through the water. It makes them faster.
The uniforms are different from those of our school.
The uniforms vary according to the school.
The union and the company have agreed upon a new contract.
The union and the company have come to terms on a new contract.
The union bargained with the management.
The union bosses are fighting the freeze on wage hikes.
The union convention happened in the garden of a large restaurant.
The union exerts a dominant influence on the conservative party.
The union has a dominant influence on the conservative party.
The union has asked for the mediation of the government in the dispute.
The union is prepared to outlay their entire strike fund in these negotiations.
The union is pressing for a ten-percent pay hike.
The union is striving for shorter working hours.
The union members were up in arms.
The union of Scotland and England took place in 1706.
The union of two sets can be beautiful even when there is no logical connection between them.
The union was modest in its wage demands.
The union went out on a strike for an indefinite period.
The union won a 5% wage increase.
The union won a 5-percent wage increase.
The unions and company management discussed for a long time without however reaching an agreement.
The unique cakes here are only unique to make it look like a good deal.
The unique ecosystem of the mangrove swamp supports a wide range of biodiversity.
The unique resource more prized than all the others is land.
The uniqueness of every human being is impressive.
The unit of energy is the joule.
The unit of resistance is the ohm, and its symbol is the same as the capital letter Omega in the Greek alphabet, "Ω".
The unit of time is a second.
The universal activity of absolute consciousness pulsates in every being.
The universal adaptor came in handy abroad.
The universal library contains every book ever written.
The universal right to speak your mind and to protest against authority, to live in a society that’s open and free, that can criticize a President without retribution — a country where you're judged by the content of your character rather than what you look like, or how you worship, or what your last name is, or where your family came from — that's what separates us from tyrants and terrorists.
The universe as we know it is a joint product of the observer and the observed.
The universe began one Thursday afternoon, 13.7 billion years ago.
The universe confuses me and I cannot imagine how this clockwork can exist without a clockmaker.
The universe contains all of the galaxies, stars, and planets.
The universe contains billions of galaxies; one of these, the Milky Way, contains our Solar System.
The universe does not seem to exist without a perceiver of that universe.
The universe exists only because of life, and everything that lives feeds itself.
The universe has always existed.
The universe has no age and has always existed.
The universe has no age.
The universe has no boundaries.
The universe has no center.
The universe has no end.
The universe hates me.
The universe in a nutshell: I am consciousness.
The universe is a gigantic atom and everything is affected by it.
The universe is a hologram.
The universe is a large quantum system.
The universe is a large school.
The universe is a very big place.
The universe is about 13.75 milliard years old.
The universe is about 13.75 thousand million years old.
The universe is actually coming together to make me meet the man of my wildest dreams real soon.
The universe is an allergy.
The universe is asymmetric.
The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it.
The universe is conscious. You are a spark of universal consciousness.
The universe is constantly expanding, full of mysteries to discover.
The universe is endless.
The universe is expanding.
The universe is full of mysteries.
The universe is full of secrets.
The universe is holographic. Each of its parts contains the whole.
The universe is infinite in time and space.
The universe is infinite.
The universe is limitless.
The universe is made up of protons, neutrons, electrons, and morons.
The universe is merely a fleeting idea in God's mind — a pretty uncomfortable thought, particularly if you've just made a down payment on a house.
The universe is neither friend nor fiend. It's simply indifferent.
The universe is neither friend nor foe. It is simply indifferent.
The universe is really big and we're really small.
The universe is still growing outward in every direction.
The universe is the body of a single Being.
The universe is the temple and the Earth is the altar.
The universe is vast.
The universe of a self-centered person is usually small.
The universe on the earth is constituted of atoms.
The universe rotates around your ass.
The universe seems infinite.
The universe seems to be infinite.
The universe tries to teach us in every way, but we usually don't pay attention to this.
The universe was born more than 12 billion years ago.
The universe was created spontaneously out of nothing, according to the laws of science.
The universe was formed approximately 13.7 billion years ago.
The universe will judge everyone.
The universe works in mysterious ways.
The university Tom goes to isn't small.
The university administration lowered tuition.
The university bears the name of its founder.
The university building was surprisingly big.
The university building was surprisingly large.
The university conferred its highest degree on him.
The university decided to do away with this kind of examination.
The university declined to answer.
The university disciplined Mark Zuckerberg for hacking its database.
The university gave him an honorary degree.
The university graduated 500 students last year.
The university has a cafeteria.
The university has a large expanse of forest.
The university has an emphasis on engineering, business management and humanities.
The university has turned out competent doctors.
The university is 20 metres from here.
The university is a waste of time.
The university is developing a mechanism for the widespread introduction of a corporate management system similar to that of Nazarbayev University. Since 2014, a transition to granting autonomy to the university has been worked out in stages. Since 2012, we have had a supervisory board with extensive legislative powers.
The university is located a few blocks from the edge of the ghetto.
The university offers access to its campus libraries only to those members of the public with a legitimate research need to consult our collections.
The university paid my way to Japan.
The university presents a photography exhibition with one hundred images.
The university president is a shoo-in to win another term in office.
The university should provide more laboratory facilities.
The university starts in April.
The university that we attend usually begins its classes on the first of April.
The university was alive with a festival.
The university was founded by his father twenty years ago.
The university where I teach has a beautiful campus.
The university's Rose Garden is a nice place during blooming season.
The university's archeological department claimed that it was being built on an ancient burial ground.
The university's endowment grew 10% in the last year alone.
The university's endowment has decreased steadily over the last ten years.
The university's main building was designed by a young Danish architect.
The university's near here.
The university, SFU, sits on a mountain. Its spectacular architecture compliments the mountaintop scenery.
The university’s endowment grew 10% in the last year alone.
The unjust are wretched.
The unkempt girl was completely unable to keep things neat and tidy.
The unloading facility is in Algiers.
The unloading facility is located in Algiers.
The unmeditative sound of their language fascinates you.
The unopened pack of crayons smelled amazing.
The unpopular politician was frequently given the razz by the crowd during his speech.
The unpopular, unelected dictator's appointee rolled back protections for vulnerable populations in the name of the majority.
The unprecedented drought did severe damage to the wheat harvest.
The unpredictability of certain events is incredible.
The unreliable colleague suffered from a veiled inferiority complex.
The unremitting noise was too much.
The unrest lasted three days.
The unrest of the crowd came to a boiling point.
The unripe fig was oozing latex.
The unspoken question is why.
The unstable machine shut down again.
The unstable security situation in Syria also affects Turkey.
The unstoppable march of time continues.
The unsuitable way you dress calls attention to you.
The unsung hero of the game was Tom.
The unsupervised children got up to all sorts of mischief.
The unsurmountable pressure from all directions was too much for Tom to handle.
The unsuspecting beachgoer was engulfed by the tall wave.
The unthinkable happened.
The unthinkable has happened.
The untimely death of my wife has brought down the curtain on over 50 years of happily married life.
The unusual winter weather created a huge demand for electricity that caused Texas' independently-run power system to fail, exposing issues with its structure.
The unutterable agony of the parents, the horror and confusion of all who were in the castle, the fury of contending passions between the friends of the different parties—passions augmented by previous intemperance—surpass description.
The unwaged often receive a discount at theatres and museums.
The unwise statement by the government caused prices to rise again.
The upcoming fifth edition of the DSM proposes a new spectrum-based classification of autistic disorders.
The update is being installed.
The update is ready.
The upgrade was completed successfully.
The upholstered chairs have not held up very well over time.
The upkeep alone is no small cost.
The upkeep of my carpet is exhausting.
The upper arm and forearm are connected by a joint called the elbow.
The upper class is now struggling to make money due to the U.S. economy.
The upper ocean has warmed up much more than deeper layers.
The upper part of the mountain is covered with snow.
The upper parts of town enjoy a lovely view across the waterside and harbour to the sparkling bay.
The upper reaches of the river are very beautiful.
The upright love thee.
The uprising began on 1 August.
The uprising failed to achieve its objectives.
The uprising was brutally suppressed.
The uprising was crushed.
The uprising was violently suppressed.
The upshot is that client satisfaction has reached an all-time high.
The upshot of the decision was that a number of charitable organisations had to scale back their operations.
The upstairs was pretty big.
The upstairs window opened.
The upstart tried to pass for a man of culture.
The upturn began after the president committed to do whatever it takes to hold the Union together.
The urban ecosystem is influenced by human activities and includes both natural and built environments.
The urban intelligentsia willingly spent its time playing chess.
The urban planning committee has accepted our proposal.
The urban population in most developing countries is increasing very fast.
The urban population is growing rapidly in many developing countries.
The urban population of America is increasing.
The urban-renewal project is now well under way.
The urge to brag on his recent successes was irresistible.
The urge to get asleep won't come that easily tonight.
The urge to sleep tonight won't come to me as easily to me as it did yesterday.
The urge to snack is hard to resist.
The urge to worship something could be described as a deification syndrome.
The urgency was overwhelming.
The uroscan is a painless procedure.
The use of "oh" in English is quite complex.
The use of English as a lingua franca comes from practical needs.
The use of Esperanto in linguistic communication is a solution that strives for the preservation of linguistic diversity.
The use of Korean Hangeul glyphs for the Cia-Cia tribal language in Indonesia is progressing.
The use of a condom during vaginal, anal, and oral intercourse is the best preventive measure.
The use of abstraction in computer programming allows us to create and understand the behavior of very complex software.
The use of antibiotics is ineffective in the treatment of a virus.
The use of bad grammar and spelling in the email asking Tom to update his bank account details was a telltale sign that it was a scam.
The use of bicycles has grown so much that paths are built for them and space reserved for them on trains.
The use of bright colors is one of the features of his paintings.
The use of chemical weapons is a war crime.
The use of chess engines is strictly forbidden in formal chess competitions.
The use of defamation cases to silence abuse victims is a growing problem.
The use of electronic computers is growing rapidly.
The use of evergreens during winter holiday celebrations started in ancient times. Early Romans, for example, probably included evergreens with other plants during a celebration in honor of their god of agriculture.
The use of examples accelerates language mastery.
The use of forced perspective with the leaning tower of Pisa is very popular among tourists.
The use of natural fertilizers promotes sustainable agriculture by enhancing soil fertility over time.
The use of new technology is attracting more costumers.
The use of new technology is attracting more customers.
The use of non-standard English does not help to promote English in international communications; well, we can always fall back on Esperanto.
The use of optical instruments with this product will increase eye hazard.
The use of robots in the U.S. workplace more than doubled from 2009 to 2017, the bulk of them in manufacturing.
The use of sea imagery helps to convey the speaker's sense of relative freedom, as well as the tenuousness of this freedom.
The use of space must be limited to non-military purposes, as far as Japan's involvement is concerned.
The use of space must be limited to non-military purposes, as far as Japan’s involvement is concerned.
The use of this type of radio has become widespread.
The use of trust-region algorithms is becoming more and more frequent.
The use of violence against the people of Myanmar must stop now!
The used car salesman seemed a bit dodgy to me.
The used-car salesman showed Tom three cars in his price range.
The usefulness of a pot is in its emptiness.
The usefulness of a sentence for language learners depends on what level each learner is at.
The user interface of all apps should be black by default.
The user must explicitly enter a value into this field.
The user you to want to send this message to does not exist. Please try with another username.
The user's profile says they're a native speaker of Australian English.
The username or password is not correct.
The users of Tatoeba are called Tatoebians.
The users of Tatoeba are kind.
The users of Tatoeba don't want Tom to die.
The usher showed Tom to his seat.
The usual business hours in this office are from nine to five.
The usual date of churching was the fortieth day after confinement.
The usual excuse consists of saying that there isn't money, when actually there is plenty.
The usual fonts for Roman script are too rigid and unflowing.
The usual gaggle of tourists and fans are sitting on park benches, some in contemplation, others in song.
The usual habits are becoming boring.
The usually delicious meal was tainted with unwashed hands.
The uterus, also called the womb, is a secondary sex organ in the reproductive systems of many mammals, including humans.
The utility of a thing grows less as the quantity of it increases, and it is the utility of the last increment of supply, or the marginal utility, that determines the subjective value of the whole supply, and it is the ratios between these subjective values that determine exchange values.
The utmost God has forgotten to be God.
The utterance is potentially misleading.
The uzantonomo@email.com address is read: uzantonomo at email dot com.
The vacant lot is laid out as a park.
The vacant stare of dolls' eyes has always creeped me out.
The vacant stare of dolls’ eyes has always creeped me out.
The vacation begins this week.
The vacation came to an end all too soon.
The vacation did me a world of good.
The vacation is almost done.
The vacation is close to an end.
The vacation is over now.
The vacation was over all too soon and school started again.
The vacationers are gathering on the beach.
The vaccination left a funny little mark on my arm.
The vaccine gave me a fever and some achiness.
The vaccine has no effect.
The vaccine is not injected into the bloodstream, but into the muscle.
The vaccine isn't injected into the blood vessels, but into the muscles.
The vaccine must be stored at temperatures around minus 70 degrees Celsius.
The vaccine will be administered free to all 10-year-old girls as part of the country's routine immunization schedule.
The vaccines are safe and save lives.
The vacuum cleaner is a bit unwieldy.
The vacuum cleaner is a real monster.
The vacuum flask was a really good purchase.
The vacuum of space has no air and no pressure.
The vacuum of space is completely devoid of air and matter.
The vagabond, when rich, is called a tourist.
The vagina is a muscular tube.
The vagina meets the external organs at the vulva.
The vague city became veiled in mist.
The vague rumor proved to be false.
The vagueness of the definition is a further cause for concern.
The vain wind praises the wine and yeast of the twenty calves.
The valet had preceded him, opening his valise and smoothing out his evening clothes on the lace bedspread.
The valiant resistance of Hezbollah in southern Lebanon caught the Israeli troops by surprise.
The validation methodology was based also on Bowling's reports.
The validity of gender identity disorder has become highly controversial in politics.
The valley before and below him was heavily grassed, and throughout its entire length wandered a small stream.
The valley echoed with his call.
The valley echoes the sound of the waterfall.
The valley filled with smoke from the fire.
The valley is getting narrow.
The valley is surrounded by mountains, on which firs grow.
The valley known as Sleepy Hollow hides from the world in the high hills of New York State.
The valley narrows 500 feet ahead.
The valley of the Colosseum is enclosed by a number of hills.
The valley straddles the border between Switzerland and Austria.
The valley was aflame with red and yellow leaves.
The valley was dotted with farm houses.
The valley was hidden from view in the mist.
The valley was long and steep.
The valley was starred with yellow flowers.
The valley was twenty miles wide.
The valley widened more and more.
The valuables are in the bank's safekeeping.
The valuables are in the safekeeping of the bank.
The value doubled.
The value is obvious.
The value isn't obvious.
The value of Tom's work was promptly redistributed to the shareholders.
The value of a college education is not the learning of many facts but the training of the mind to think.
The value of a good education can't be measured in terms of money.
The value of a good education cannot be measured in money.
The value of a good education cannot be measured in terms of money.
The value of completed mergers and acquisitions in the Asia-Pacific region surged this year to a record $370 billion, up 39 percent from 2004.
The value of education can't be overemphasized.
The value of education cannot be overemphasized.
The value of health can't be overestimated.
The value of health cannot be overestimated.
The value of his discovery was not realized until after his death.
The value of my silence extends far beyond any monetary compensation.
The value of the Algerian dinar decreased.
The value of the Algerian dinar has fallen.
The value of the coins depended on the weight of the metal used.
The value of the dollar began to drop.
The value of the dollar declines as the rate of inflation rises.
The value of the dollar has fallen recently.
The value of the dollar is going down.
The value of the dollar is going up.
The value of the final sum will be equal to the sum of all the numbers in the array.
The value of the painting was estimated at several million dollars.
The value of the yen has risen greatly.
The value of the yen has soared.
The value of this book has been halved.
The value of this has trebled.
The values of a society totally preoccupied with making money are not altogether reassuring.
The valve is open.
The valve is wide open.
The vampire bit the woman in the neck.
The vampire bit the woman's neck.
The vampire came after Edmundo.
The vampire came back to life in his coffin.
The vampire disguised himself as a normal human.
The vampire is sucking my blood.
The vampire kidnapped beautiful girls.
The vampire killed Tom and took his form.
The vampire kissed her neck passionately.
The vampire movie filled them with terror.
The vampire ran towards Edmundo.
The vampire shapeshifted into a giant bat.
The vampire smiled at Edmundo and revealed her fangs.
The vampire sprang back to life.
The vampire squid is a small cephalopod.
The vampire sucked blood from Ziri's neck.
The vampire suddenly woke up.
The vampire talked about his craving for blood.
The vampire transformed into a bat.
The vampire turned to dust when it was hit by the early morning light.
The vampire was awoken from his sleep.
The vampire was born before the Great Flood.
The vampire was born in the antediluvian period.
The vampire was born in the antediluvian world.
The vampire was growling.
The vampire was shot with a silver bullet.
The vampire was unable to control his thirst for blood.
The vampire's wounds healed instantly.
The vampires were attacking the population.
The vampires were wandering outside the diner.
The van came to a halt.
The van drove away fast.
The van exploded in the parking lot.
The van stopped in front of Fyodor's house and didn't go away.
The van was driving extremely slowly.
The van was gone.
The van was painted green.
The van was still there.
The vandals damaged several paintings.
The vandals smashed all the windows and knocked all the dustbins over.
The vandals smashed all the windows and knocked all the garbage cans over.
The vandals smashed all the windows and knocked all the trash cans over.
The vanilla in my chicken soup is sickening.
The vanity of others is only counter to our taste when it is counter to our vanity.
The vanity plate I want is not available.
The vanquished soldiers did not retreat.
The vapor in the air is toxic to humans.
The vaquita is a porpoise species endemic to Mexico, living in the northern end of the Gulf of California, and is considered to be in danger of extinction.
The variations in the flora also need more exact analysis before we can say what they betoken.
The variegation of the ivy started to fade.
The variety that has proven deadly to infected humans, H5N1 virus, primarily infects poultry, but public-health authorities have long warned that a further mutation or alteration of the structure of the virus could produce a strain that could spread easily from human to human, and thus pose the potential threat of a worldwide pandemic.
The various animals started going, "Woof, woof!" and "Meow, meow!" and "Cock-a-doodle-doo!"
The various atrocities performed still shock and terrify the world today.
The various dialects of China are what 'Chinese' really is.
The various dialects of Northern Berber are mutually intelligible.
The various laws that govern EEOC's actions are subject to interpretation by the federal court system, and most importantly by the Supreme Court.
The various modes of worship which prevailed in the Roman world were all considered by the people as equally true; by the philosopher as equally false; and by the magistrate as equally useful. And thus toleration produced not only mutual indulgence, but even religious concord.
The various peoples of Austria-Hungary—Bohemians, Magyars, Jews, and Slavs—would fill twenty-seven and one half towns; or a single city nearly as large as Detroit.
The various theoretical frameworks have failed to adequately explain this phenomenon.
The vase I had just bought at an auction was broken by my cat.
The vase Tom broke is Mary's.
The vase Tom gave me is made of glass.
The vase broke into a thousand pieces.
The vase broke into fragments.
The vase broke into pieces.
The vase broke when it fell off the table.
The vase broke.
The vase broken by him is my aunt's.
The vase broken by him is my aunt’s.
The vase burst into fragments.
The vase crashed and shattered into pieces.
The vase crashed to pieces.
The vase fell from the table and crashed to pieces.
The vase fell from the table.
The vase fell off the plinth.
The vase fell on to the stone floor and smashed into a thousand pieces.
The vase fell to the floor and broke.
The vase fell to the floor and shattered.
The vase got knocked off the table.
The vase has broken into a thousand pieces.
The vase he broke is my aunt's.
The vase is broken. You'll pay for it.
The vase is on the table.
The vase is very fragile.
The vase on my desk overturned when I jumped up in surprise.
The vase shattered into a thousand pieces.
The vase she broke is my aunt's.
The vase that Tom broke is Mary's.
The vase that Tom gave me is made of glass.
The vase that he broke is my aunt's.
The vase was broken to pieces.
The vase was empty, which is to say it wasn't filled with anything.
The vase was half full.
The vase was knocked off the table by the cat.
The vase was shattered.
The vase was smashed.
The vase which Mary accidentally dropped and smashed had belonged to Tom's great-grandmother. It had been a family heirloom.
The vast golden fields waved slowly in the summer breeze.
The vast loneliness is awe-inspiring and it makes you realize just what you have back there on Earth.
The vast majority of Algerians are Muslim.
The vast majority of Algerians are of Berber descent.
The vast majority of Algerians are unbanked.
The vast majority of Algerians live in the north of the country.
The vast majority of Berbers are Muslim.
The vast majority of Chinese people have never met foreigners before, so it feels odd for them, like meeting space aliens.
The vast majority of Jews have no input into Hollywood whatsoever.
The vast majority of Kabyle people are Muslim.
The vast majority of North Americans know English only at a mediocre level.
The vast majority of Russians in no way felt any effects of the sanctions imposed on Russia by the western countries.
The vast majority of children love ice cream.
The vast majority of high school students I know can't read an unknown word and pronounce the letters in the right order, let alone pronounce it correctly or naturally.
The vast majority of high school students I know can’t read an unknown word and pronounce the letters in the right order, let alone pronounce it correctly or naturally.
The vast majority of people in Kosovo are Albanians.
The vast oceans are home to many breeding grounds for a wide variety of marine life.
The vast paved roads of the industrial era gave way to parking lots and bicycle paths.
The vat is empty.
The vault was filled to the brim with gold bullion bars.
The vault's already open.
The veg dishes are listed before the non-veg ones.
The veg has withered in the basket.
The veg is fresh.
The veg is mouldy.
The vegetable bed in my garden is ninety centimeters wide.
The vegetable bed in my garden is seven meters long.
The vegetable garden looked bedraggled after being hit by an early frost.
The vegetable is green.
The vegetable patch in her garden is eight meters long and eighty centimetres wide.
The vegetables are fresh.
The vegetables are mouldy.
The vegetables at that store didn't look very fresh.
The vegetables from the garden are very beautiful except the lettuces eaten by slugs.
The vegetables have gone mouldy.
The vegetables have reached Algiers.
The vegetables have withered in the basket.
The vegetarian spider prefers the nectar of plants to an appetizing bug.
The vegetarians fought over the last morsel of egg salad.
The vegetation and the murmuring water calm my ardent mind. A wind turbine rotates behind the trees.
The vegetation changes and becomes sparser as temperatures rise and conditions get drier.
The vegetation is being replaced by factories and highways.
The vegetation was thick and lush.
The veggie burger was flavorful.
The vehemence of the reviewers on this platform really threw me for a loop.
The vehicle is so deformed that the fire department needs to cut off the roof.
The vehicle is stolen.
The vehicle is very manoeuvrable and well suited to city traffic.
The vehicle is very nippy and well suited to city traffic.
The vehicle left.
The vehicle looked like a truck.
The vehicle showed obvious wear and tear.
The vehicle stopped and the driver opened the door.
The vehicle was flashing its lights.
The vehicle was immobilized by water that engulfed an underpass on a main motorway, nearly submerging the vehicle and its passengers not far from the center of Athens.
The vehicle was stolen.
The vehicle was swerving all over the road.
The vehicles are inspected for defects at least every three months.
The vehicles are noisy here.
The vehicles jumped frantically and their alarms shouted for help.
The vehicles save huge work hours of both passengers and drivers.
The veil of ignorance is getting thinner.
The veining of the marble is quite amazing.
The velocity of light is about 186,000 miles per second.
The velvet-voiced actor managed to charm his audience.
The velvet-voiced actor managed to enchant his audience.
The vending machine ate my money.
The vending machine had an out of order sign on it.
The vending machine is making strange noises.
The vending machine is out of order.
The vending machine only takes cash.
The vending machine sometimes doesn't work properly.
The vending machines are over there.
The vendor weighs the cheese with copper scales.
The vendors are just begging to take advantage of us.
The vendors are very eager to take advantage of us.
The veneer we call civilisation is only skin deep.
The venerable business woman will participate in charity work in Africa.
The venerable observatory, with its suite of cameras and other instruments, is expected to stay operational through the 2020s, in synergy with the upcoming James Webb Space Telescope.
The venom clamours of a jealous woman poison more deadly than a mad dog’s tooth.
The venom from the centipede's bite caused Miroslav's foot to throb with pain.
The venom of most spiders is harmless to humans.
The ventilation in the room was bad since all of the windows were closed.
The ventriloquist is performing with a dummy.
The ventriloquist performs with a dummy.
The venturer Edward made his the jackpot in the oil business.
The venue consists of three dance floors and an outdoor area with a pool.
The venue is filled with people who are eating, talking and laughing — blissfully unaware that the popular hangout is apparently haunted in recent years by two ghosts said to have terrified staff members cleaning up after hours.
The venue is named after a local benefactor.
The venue shut down in the 80s and was squatted until the mid-90s.
The veracity of the waitress surprised the detective.
The verb "to downdate" does not exist in the English lexicon, but let's go ahead and coin it anyway.
The verb "to downdate" does not exist in the English lexicon, but let’s go ahead and coin it anyway.
The verb "to eat" is my favorite verb in all the languages.
The verb 'help' takes to-infinitives and bare infinitives but bare infinitives are said to be the most common in casual text; as also used in this example sentence.
The verb â€œto beâ€ has an irregular conjugation in all languages.
The verb ’help’ takes to-infinitives and bare infinitives but bare infinitives are said to be the most common in casual text; as also used in this example sentence.
The verb “to be” has an irregular conjugation in all languages.
The verb's subject is always in the nominative case.
The verbal skirmish turned into a fight.
The verdict at issue in these discussions is the one brought in the Lander's trial in 1994.
The verdict at issue in these discussions is the one brought in the Lander’s trial in 1994.
The verdict can be appealed within ten days.
The verdict can be appealed.
The verdict has been issued.
The verdict has been reached.
The verdict is a tribute to their fairness.
The verdict is in.
The verdict is something only a jury can decide.
The verdict was a bitter pill to swallow.
The verdict was a death sentence.
The verdict was executed.
The verdict was fair and impartial.
The verdict was unfavorable.
The verifications of the process have to be extremely thorough.
The vernal equinox is approaching.
The vernal heralds chirp and make their nests.
The version of the language they spoke, known as Koine Greek, was based on the dialect of Athens.
The vertical axis of the graph depicts the volume of the crop.
The very air we breathe is polluted with smog from the factory chimneys.
The very concept of looking down on another person disgusts me at its very core, and I have no tolerance for people who insist on doing so.
The very day I got married, my mom died.
The very distant sun shone faintly on the ice fields and mountains of faraway Pluto.
The very first thing I want to say is that we're glad to be here.
The very first thing she did was to look whether there was a fire in the fireplace, and she was quite pleased to find that there was a real one, blazing away as brightly as the one she had left behind.
The very idea of being sent abroad delighted them.
The very idea of it is disgusting.
The very idea seems strange to me.
The very idea that tens of millions of people across different classes and races and geographies might hold similar views on a range of subjects just because they happened to be born during the same 20-year span of American history — the whole thing sounds a bit too much like astrology, doesn’t it?
The very last words she wrote were: "My heart is on fire."
The very manner in which the greedy miser carried himself was mired in foul wretchedness.
The very next day after the departure of it's friend, it felt lonely.
The very next day he died.
The very next day she died.
The very next day, I met Tom.
The very opposite is the truth.
The very presence of the dark knights triples the battle strength of our army.
The very pure spirit does not bother about the regard of others or human respect, but communes inwardly with God, alone and in solitude as to all forms, and with delightful tranquility, for the knowledge of God is received in divine silence.
The very pursuit of happiness thwarts happiness.
The very recollection of Caleb's beverage has done more to suppress my longing to open the day with a morning draught than twenty sermons would have done.
The very sick baby was under careful observation by the doctors.
The very spits at the fire, as full as they could hold of partridges and pheasants, fell asleep, and the fire itself as well.
The very thought is abhorrent to me.
The very thought of eating snails makes me feel sick.
The very thought of snakes makes her turn pale.
The very thought of snakes makes him turn pale.
The very youngest readers will find an illustrated volume of maps from ancient China, a math tutorial paperback and Where’s Spot, a picture book that follows a dog that hides in parts of its owner’s home.
The vessel has a length of 30 meters.
The vessel was constructed in 110 days.
The vessel was loaded with coal, lumber, and so on.
The vessel was surrounded by water.
The vessel will depart immediately.
The vessel’s decks were encumbered with trunks and valises.
The vestiges of the empire are in ruins!
The vet examined the cat for a wound or irritation.
The vet ran a few tests on Igor's cat.
The vet stitched up the cow.
The vet's assistant called our dog "Mister Man".
The veterinarian arrived at Boldi's house.
The veterinarian examined the carcass of the giraffe.
The veterinarian is conducting research in Tanzania on a sustainable rabies vaccination program.
The vets have to go to the farm to diagnose an animal's condition and to make recommendations for treatment.
The viability of the project needs to be studied.
The viability of this approach is a matter of some debate.
The viand prepared by Nanay is delicious.
The viands included, among other things, a lamb roasted whole, the head of a wild boar covered with flowers, fried trouts, and poached eggs, which were eaten with boiled radishes, and peas in their shells.
The vibes are off.
The vibes are totally off about this place.
The vibrant colors and intricate designs of the Kabyle dress make Rima proud to wear it as a representation of her identity.
The vibrant colors in Mark's centerpiece brightened up the whole room.
The vibrant colors of Indian festivals like Diwali and Holi are a sight to behold.
The vibrant conophore of the mushroom stood tall, supporting its delicate cap like a natural umbrella in the forest.
The vibrations the tiny lever produces are also incredibly small, oscillating at approximately one millionth of a millimeter. So to measure these microscopic vibrations, a laser is projected onto the lever and the light that’s reflected back is converted into an electrical signal that is then interpreted by a clinician.
The vibrator was plugged in.
The vicar often refers to the Bible in his sermon.
The vicar wore drab clothing.
The vice president represented his country at the international conference.
The vice-chancellor shook hands with each of the graduates.
The vice-president attended the ceremony on behalf of the president.
The vice-principal treated me like a dog.
The victim declined to press charges.
The victim didn't have to testify.
The victim died at a hospital in Boston.
The victim had been beaten up and left for dead.
The victim had no breasts. In fact, it was a man dressed as a woman.
The victim has been identified as 30-year-old Tom Jackson.
The victim has been transported to the hospital in serious condition.
The victim hasn't been identified.
The victim hasn't been named.
The victim is in very critical condition.
The victim is thought to have taken a large quantity of poison by mistake.
The victim of blackmail has been paying hush money for years, but now he realizes it is foolish, and has decided not to pay a red cent more.
The victim of blackmail has been paying hush money for years, but now he realizes it is foolish, and he has decided not to pay a red cent more.
The victim probably knew the killer.
The victim requested mercy.
The victim was a man.
The victim was a woman.
The victim was bludgeoned to death.
The victim was crippled by dogs.
The victim was identified as 22-year-old Fadil Sadiq.
The victim was identified as Dan Anderson.
The victim was identified as Tom Jackson.
The victim was shot at close range.
The victim was stabbed repeatedly by the killer.
The victim was without oxygen for 4 minutes and is now braindead.
The victim's body was lying face down on the rug.
The victim's family wanted the murder case reopened.
The victim's name hasn't been released.
The victim's name wasn't released.
The victims are entitled to compensation for their injuries.
The victims haven't yet been identified.
The victims of Christianity are not among those who call it the most tolerant religion.
The victims of the earthquake disaster are numerous.
The victims of the genocide were buried in mass graves spread over 25 square kilometers.
The victims of the hurricane have not tasted food for three days.
The victims were innocent men, women and children from America and many other nations who had done nothing to harm anybody. And yet Al Qaeda chose to ruthlessly murder these people, claimed credit for the attack, and even now states their determination to kill on a massive scale.
The victims were innocent men, women and children from the United States and many other nations who had done nothing to harm anybody. And yet Al Qaeda chose to ruthlessly murder these people, claimed credit for the attack, and even now states their determination to kill on a massive scale.
The victims' screams made my hair stand.
The victorious army withdrew from the country.
The victorious country dictated the terms of peace to the defeated country.
The victory excited us.
The victory is ours.
The victory is yours.
The victory made him a hero.
The victory made us more excited.
The victory of others is almost felt like a loss of your own.
The victory spared the Cavaliers from setting the longest skid in North American professional sports history.
The victory was dearly won.
The victory was won at the cost of many lives.
The video Tom uploaded on YouTube got DMCA'd.
The video Tom uploaded the day before yesterday has gone viral.
The video accidentally popped up.
The video app TikTok has become the world’s most downloaded app.
The video began to play on Boris’s phone.
The video camera is essential for me.
The video cameras are mainly there to deter thieves.
The video claims to be fifty-one seconds long, but it is in fact over 9000 eternities in Ganon's pit!
The video clip contains images from the fairy tale movie.
The video conference will be held in English.
The video ended up going viral.
The video features the band performing the song amid scenes of car crashes.
The video got a copyright strike.
The video had a faint yellow tint over everything.
The video has a hundred comments.
The video has been removed.
The video has gone viral.
The video is a real lemon!
The video is about potential war between China and Taiwan.
The video is an hour long.
The video is grainy.
The video is in Berber and translated into English.
The video is in Berber.
The video is incredible!
The video is lagging.
The video is made by a drone.
The video is much different.
The video is on YouTube and is playing all over the world.
The video is paused.
The video is slow.
The video is still buffering.
The video isn't available.
The video isn't working because you haven't switched it on.
The video keeps lagging.
The video portion of the review mostly consisted of a montage of miscellaneous in-game footage.
The video quality is amazing.
The video quickly went viral.
The video recorder was plugged in.
The video rental store said it would not be charging any late fees.
The video shop is open until 3 o'clock.
The video shop is open until 3 o’clock.
The video showed Elias walking up to Sandra's house.
The video shows Putin riding a motorbike.
The video shows a trick on how to open a pomegranate easily.
The video shows him chugging an entire bottle of whiskey (God rest his soul).
The video spread like wildfire over the Internet.
The video that Tom uploaded the day before yesterday has gone viral.
The video that you uploaded yesterday has gone viral.
The video was black and white.
The video was deleted.
The video was demonetised.
The video was demonetized.
The video went viral.
The video you uploaded yesterday has gone viral.
The videos from San Pedro de la Cueva in Sonora really help me to learn Spanish. I thank Favián Lameda, especially.
The videotape is in Berber.
The view for the country's future is bright.
The view for the country’s future is bright.
The view from here is breathtaking.
The view from here is great.
The view from my hotel room was beautiful.
The view from space is particularly breathtaking at night.
The view from that hotel is spectacular.
The view from the hotel balcony of the nearby mountain range is magnificent.
The view from the hotel is very beautiful.
The view from the hotel is very nice.
The view from the hotel was very beautiful.
The view from the mountain top far surpassed our expectations.
The view from the mountain top was breathtaking.
The view from the mountain top was spectacular.
The view from the summit exceeded his expectations.
The view from the summit is very nice.
The view from the summit of the mountain was breathtaking.
The view from the top of that building was magnificent.
The view from the top of the hill was simply breathtaking.
The view from the top of the mountain took my breath away.
The view from the top of the mountain was breathtaking.
The view from the top of the mountain was unforgettable.
The view from the top was breathtaking.
The view from this room is wonderful.
The view from up here is breathtaking, isn't it?
The view here is amazing.
The view here is breathtaking.
The view is amazing.
The view is awesome.
The view is beautiful beyond words.
The view is beautiful.
The view is breathtaking!
The view is breathtaking.
The view is fantastic.
The view is impressive.
The view is lovely.
The view is magnificent.
The view is not bad either.
The view is picturesque.
The view is so beautiful!
The view is stunning.
The view is wonderful.
The view of Adolf Eichmann as a mere functionary ignores his lifelong hatred of Jews and his central role in the Holocaust.
The view of Mars through earthly telescopes suggested that all was serene.
The view of the Earth from the Moon is one of the iconic images of the 20th century.
The view of the mountain range is spectacular from my university, UBC.
The view of the ocean from the road was spectacular.
The view of the ocean was wonderful.
The view of the vast petrified sand dunes against the backdrop of the snow-clad La Sal Mountain in the distance is worth every bit of effort to conquer the treacherous trail.
The view was amazing.
The view was breathtaking.
The view was literally breathtaking.
The view was spectacular.
The view was splendid over the plain, and in the distance was Asuka.
The view was stunning.
The view was surprising.
The view's good from here.
The viewer is watching television.
The viewers got bored.
The views in the Djurdjura Mountains were stunning.
The views of the two politicians collide violently.
The vigorous man is engaged in diverse activities.
The vikings sailed in a longship.
The vile lizard wants to eat your eyes and ears!
The villa Farnese has a beautiful garden.
The villa is located several kilometers from the sea.
The villa is only a five minutes walk from the beach.
The villa sleeps.
The villa was abandoned and the garden became overgrown.
The villa was harmonious with the scenery.
The villa was silent.
The village I live in is very small.
The village baker has closed.
The village baker's has closed.
The village bakery has closed.
The village does not have a post office.
The village doesn't have electricity.
The village drunk is always up to something.
The village had a small school.
The village had flooded within half an hour.
The village had more than a thousand inhabitants.
The village had more than a thousand residents.
The village has a large mill pond.
The village has a long history.
The village has no electricity.
The village head decided to build a large granary to protect the grain from the weevils.
The village in the valley was completely destroyed.
The village in which he was born is far from here.
The village is beautiful.
The village is beyond those trees.
The village is big and green.
The village is connected to our city by a bridge.
The village is connected with our town by a bridge.
The village is cut off from the outside world.
The village is easy of access.
The village is flooded.
The village is free from thieves.
The village is in the mountains.
The village is insulated from the world.
The village is isolated from the world.
The village is just up ahead.
The village is located high up in the mountains.
The village is many kilometers away from the seashore.
The village is named after two brothers who were the original landowners.
The village is not like before.
The village is now different from what it used to be.
The village is now very different from what it was ten years ago.
The village is on the other side of the mountain.
The village is on the side of the hill.
The village is perched at more than 1000 meters in the mountains of Kabylie, Algeria.
The village is really close.
The village is rife with dirty shops selling cheapjack souvenirs.
The village is still five days away.
The village is surrounded by endless fields.
The village is surrounded by mountains.
The village kids are playing football on the rec.
The village lay in a valley about half a mile in breadth.
The village lies 20 miles north of this town.
The village lies by a river.
The village lies on the border between the coastal and mountain regions.
The village mosque needs to be renovated.
The village mosque was rebuilt.
The village needs your help.
The village of Maraghna, nestled in the heart of Kabylie, gave a lot for the independence of Algeria.
The village of Maraghna, nestled in the heart of Kabylie, gave the best of its sons for the independence of Algeria.
The village of San José at Himuri is three leagues to the east of San Ignacio. It is bordered on the east and on the north by the mountains. It is blessed with good lands but the Indians work very little or not at all at farming them. The church and house of the Missionary are nearly in ruins. The ornaments for the altar and divine services have dwindled to one chalice, three chasubles, two albs, three amices, and other adornments, all very old and almost unserviceable. According to the Census Book, which I have here before me, there are seven married couples, six widowers, nine orphans, the number of souls in all thirty-nine.
The village people built a wooden bridge across the river.
The village people called the old woman Meta.
The village people had to pump water from the well by hand.
The village population has decreased.
The village prepared for the festival.
The village recently lost its bus service.
The village that lay in the valley was completely destroyed.
The village tried to do away with school meals.
The village was burnt down.
The village was cut off by the flood.
The village was cut off from the surrounding area by a heavy storm.
The village was dead after sunset.
The village was destroyed by the dragon.
The village was flooded.
The village was isolated by the flood.
The village was isolated by the heavy storm.
The village was known for its strange legends.
The village was old and pretty.
The village was quickly abandoned shortly after it was built.
The village was silent.
The village was threatened by a vast wildfire.
The village wasn't friendly to Cyrus.
The village which I visited last summer was a small one in Nagano Prefecture.
The village will no longer be isolated.
The village's house is forgotten.
The villager sold the merchant one hundred eggs.
The villagers accused Ziri of being the culprit for the disappearance of their children.
The villagers are dancing around the Maypole.
The villagers are occupied mainly with fishing.
The villagers are suspicious of outsiders.
The villagers believed in a life after death.
The villagers believed in life after death.
The villagers didn't like campers in the area.
The villagers fear him.
The villagers gathered in the square and danced a circle dance to celebrate the harvest.
The villagers gathered to bid goodbye to the pilgrims.
The villagers had a bias against any newcomer.
The villagers had torches and sickles.
The villagers have done without electricity for a long time.
The villagers organized a search party.
The villagers petitioned against the nuclear power plant.
The villagers rebuilt the road.
The villagers regarded the stranger as their enemy.
The villagers respected William for his hard work and dedication.
The villagers serve their own needs by taking turns driving the bus.
The villagers set their own houses on fire.
The villagers started bowing their heads at Ziri's feet.
The villagers supported a new road.
The villagers thought him very generous.
The villagers thought that he was very generous.
The villagers tried to freeze us out.
The villagers went in search of the missing child.
The villagers were afraid of the famished bears.
The villagers were afraid of the hangry bears.
The villagers were displaced by the construction of a dam.
The villagers were in a state of panic.
The villagers were kind to their visitors.
The villagers were leery of the old wizard.
The villagers were offhand with us.
The villagers were wary of newcomers.
The villagers weren't friendly.
The villagers' situation is in many respects better than it was ten years ago.
The villagers, however poor, were kind to others.
The villages are thirsty.
The villages in the Alps are very picturesque.
The villain appears.
The villain threatened to defenestrate the hostages.
The villain vowed to make Sir Thomas pay for thwarting his ambitions.
The vine curled around the trellis, growing ever higher.
The vine gives grapes.
The vine is growing downwards.
The vine is twisting around.
The vinegar is in the fridge.
The vineyard produces Adriano's favorite wine.
The vineyard's terroir fascinated Adriano.
The vintage on Santorini for the "Assyrtiko" and "Athiri" varieties started 15 days ago.
The viola is a cold-resistant plant.
The viola is a plant resistant to the cold.
The violas aren't playing softly enough.
The violas aren't playing together.
The violas need to play together.
The violence and injustice of the rulers of mankind is an ancient evil, for which, I am afraid, the nature human affairs can scarce admit a remedy.
The violence doesn't surprise me.
The violence lasted for two weeks.
The violence lasted three days.
The violence of one nation against another, generated by religious and nationalist ideals, led to the creation of a new term to describe the cold desire for total extinction of a group of people, based on criteria of color, ethnicity, or religion.
The violent winds picked up trees and a picked apart houses.
The violet is purple.
The violet is violet.
The violets adorn my kitchen windows.
The violets and the lilies of the valley are blooming, but Daphnis droops and fades away.
The violin bow is made from horsehair.
The violin, the piano, and the harp are musical instruments.
The violinist has excellent technique.
The violinist played hauntingly beautiful melodies.
The violinist rubbed rosin down the hair of her bow before the concert started.
The violinist waits for the signal to play.
The violinist's technique was excellent.
The violinist’s technique was excellent.
The violins and haut-bois played old tunes, but they were excellent, though they had not been played for a hundred years; and after supper, without losing any time, the lord almoner married them in the chapel of the castle.
The violins aren't playing softly enough.
The violins aren't playing together.
The violins need to play together.
The viper's tongue is never more venomous than when it is coated with honey.
The viral outbreak occurred in the northern sector.
The virology expert admonished the government's infection prevention strategy.
The virtual birthday parties entertained the kids and made it a memorable birthday.
The virtual world can lead to feelings of loneliness and detachment from authentic emotions.
The virtues lose themselves in self-interest, just as rivers in the oceans.
The virulent plague ravaged the whole planet, as many places became ghost towns.
The virus also drives humans insane, causing an increase in anger and paranoia worldwide.
The virus broke the computers immediately.
The virus can be transmitted by kissing.
The virus can be transmitted to Antonio.
The virus can be transmitted via saliva.
The virus can easily infect a healthy person.
The virus can live for three days on plastic and stainless steel.
The virus corrupted my computer.
The virus cut down many elephants in Africa.
The virus disappeared as if it never had been. It's a wonder.
The virus entered the body through the nose.
The virus has crossed the species barrier.
The virus has killed at least 17 people, all in and around Wuhan, and infected nearly 600 others.
The virus infected Antonio.
The virus is believed to have emerged late last year at a seafood market in the city of Wuhan that was illegally selling wildlife.
The virus is in the same group as the herpes and smallpox viruses. Hepatitis B vaccines have been given since the nineteen eighties. The W.H.O. says the vaccine is ninety five percent effective in preventing the development of infection in both children and adults.
The virus is spreading rapidly.
The virus is starting to mutate.
The virus is still here.
The virus is transmitted when we touch a contaminated surface, like pressing your cheek against a phone screen.
The virus isn't spreading, humans are spreading it.
The virus kept spreading.
The virus makes him very feverish.
The virus multiplies rapidly.
The virus rapidly spread through Algeria.
The virus scanner has never found anything.
The virus spread faster than wildfire.
The virus spread through the region.
The virus spreads easily.
The virus was spread by the media.
The virus was spreading in Algiers.
The virus will kill everybody on the ship.
The virus will kill everyone infected.
The virus “has thrived because poverty, inequality, discrimination, the destruction of our natural environment and other human rights failures have created enormous fragilities in our societies,” Guterres said, while simultaneously providing leaders with a pretext to impose “heavy-handed security responses and repressive measures that curtail civic space and media freedom.”
The viruses commandeer the internal machinery of their hosts.
The viscera were so fresh that steam was coming out of them.
The vise is closing again.
The visibility of comets can be difficult to predict, especially as they get closer to the sun.
The visible colors of the rainbow are red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet.
The vision of the "new German Man" is in the limelight.
The vision of the Olympics had kept him going.
The vision of the Olympics had sustained him.
The vision of the hanging woman is permanently etched in his mind.
The vision that was planted in my senses still silently lingers.
The visions try to show me the truth buried in the past.
The visit is free of charge.
The visit to the amusement park ended in tragedy.
The visit to the circus was a big thrill for the children.
The visit was part of an effort to show the government's responsiveness to the storm, which has now dumped historic amounts of rain.
The visitor asked the class a question.
The visitor has gone away five minutes before you came back.
The visitor is walking through town.
The visitor left a message with his sister.
The visitor sat across from me.
The visitor walks through the town.
The visitor was none other than the principal.
The visitors are settled into comfortable couches and handed large cups of cappuccino as they wait.
The visitors are to come on the 18th and leave on the 20th.
The visitors arrive at the island of Espanola. Dozens of sea lions looking like huge overstuffed sausages are flopped out on the beach. Marine iguanas lie passively on the ground or move around noiselessly, ignoring the visitors.
The visitors came before she had finished cleaning.
The visitors really enjoyed it.
The visitors to the island, as well as some locals, always think of poverty.
The visitors waited in a long line to get into the museum.
The visitors were greeted with warm handshakes.
The visitors were herded into the elevator.
The visitors were told to go.
The visor would shield Ryan's eyes from the sun.
The vitamin pill contains abundant nutrition.
The vivid colors of the petals attracted bees to feast on the nectar.
The vixen is feeding her cubs.
The vocabulary of IALA's form of the interlingua is that embodied in the Interlingua-English Dictionary.
The vocabulary of a language is unlimited.
The vocabulary of young people is not so great.
The vocabulary presents several words which are common to the modern Iberian languages but have fallen into disuse in Italian.
The vocabulary young Berber speakers are using is shrinking.
The vocative is the case we use when we call or address someone or something.
The vodka he had brought to the party contained flecks of gold, which turned out to have been salvaged from discarded electronics, making for a lot of carcinogenic cocktails.
The vodka is very strong.
The voice I heard on the phone didn't sound like Tom's.
The voice acting is horrible.
The voice actors did an excellent job in this movie.
The voice actress trained for years to sharpen her skills.
The voice called Ziri's name.
The voice came from a recording.
The voice came like something in the wind.
The voice continued calling Ziri.
The voice from the PA was continuously mentioning Ziri's name.
The voice got so close and so clear.
The voice in Tom's head narrates his life using sentences from Tatoeba.
The voice in Tom's head narrates his life.
The voice is not enough; we want also to see your facial expression and body language.
The voice leading in this piece is all wrong.
The voice leading in this piece is terrible.
The voice made Ziri jump up.
The voice of destiny speaks through the inclinations of one's heart.
The voice of the people is the voice of God.
The voice of the people is the voice of god.
The voice on the loudspeaker was too muffled to understand.
The voice on the phone was unfamiliar to me.
The voice reminded me of my mother.
The voice sent chills down Lorenzo's spine.
The voice shook Yanni to his core.
The voice sounded faint and far away.
The voice sounded familiar but I couldn't quite place it.
The voice sounded more distorted.
The voice sounded quite real.
The voice sounded very weird, almost ethereal.
The voice spoke to him, and its softness was the purl of a wave lapping at the shore.
The voice spoke up again.
The voice they heard had nothing human about it.
The voice told Gabriel to come inside.
The voice told Ziri to come.
The voice was coming from that shadow.
The voice was coming from upstairs.
The voice was drowned by the white noise.
The voice wasn't Claudio's.
The voiced retroflex flap appears as a phoneme in Bengali.
The voices are back.
The voices are talking to me again.
The voices calling for Wulff to resign are getting louder and louder.
The voices coming from the jungle frightened the explorers.
The voices could have been echoing from somewhere far off.
The voices didn't seem to be getting louder.
The voices grew louder.
The voices had a grim message for Fadil.
The voices in Tom's head speak French.
The voices of children playing were carried over by the wind.
The voices of the people who are in the office are soft.
The voices on the tape were indecipherable.
The voices simply stopped altogether.
The voices sounded strange.
The voices stopped altogether.
The void will forever remain.
The volatile old man who lived next to Tom often yelled at the neighbourhood kids.
The volcanic ashes covered the city.
The volcanic eruption claimed 300 lives.
The volcanic eruption threatened the village.
The volcanic mountains on Mars rise up to five times higher than Mt. Everest.
The volcanic vents were discovered five kilometers down near the bottom of Cayman Trough — an undersea trench south of the Cayman Islands. Expedition co-leader Jon Copley, a marine biologist of the University of Southampton in England spoke to us via Skype.
The volcano crumbled into the sea.
The volcano erupted several years ago.
The volcano erupted suddenly, and many people perished.
The volcano erupted suddenly, killing many people.
The volcano erupted suddenly.
The volcano erupted.
The volcano erupts at regular intervals.
The volcano erupts.
The volcano has become active again.
The volcano has been inactive for a long time.
The volcano has belched hot gas and debris for more than a week, and increasingly forceful eruptions have sent ash raining down on communities up to 25 kilometers away.
The volcano has erupted twice this year.
The volcano hasn't been active for a long time.
The volcano is belching out flames and smoke.
The volcano is destroying everything in its path.
The volcano is erupting.
The volcano is in the midst of a 3-month-old eruption of lava from vents on its eastern flank while its summit crater continues to collapse.
The volcano is one of 120 active volcanoes in Indonesia.
The volcano is spewing lava.
The volcano is still active.
The volcano may erupt at any moment.
The volcano poured molten rock.
The volcano rumbled.
The volcano shoots out flames and lava.
The volcano sits inside a lake in one of the archipelago’s wealthier provinces, one heavily frequented by local tourists and moneyed retirees as well as farmers selling coffee and ornamental plants.
The volcano vomited lava and flames.
The volcano, just 311 meters high, is the most active in the Philippines.
The volcanoes are dangerous.
The volcanos here are active.
The volume at the gig was ear-splitting.
The volume control is on the left.
The volume is here.
The volume is over there.
The volume is too low.
The volume of his muscles was impossible to ignore.
The volume on the TV was very loud.
The volume that you're looking for is missing.
The volume was on 94%.
The volunteer deputy gendarme serves for a fixed term within operational or support units.
The volunteer firefighters are the real unsung heroes in this situation.
The volunteer firefighters fought the blaze bravely, with scant regard for their own safety.
The volunteer group provided the villagers with water.
The volunteer group provides war victims with food and medicine.
The volunteers help the professionals.
The volunteers that we have are so wonderful and caring and just want to help their community.
The voracious eater, imported by Midwestern fish farmers in the 1970s, could end up devastating the region’s 7 billion dollar fishing industry.
The voracious monsters endeavoured to upset the boat; they swam by its side in seeming anxiety for their prey; but after waiting for some time, they separated - the two rescued seamen found themselves free from their insatiable enemies and, by the blessings of God, saved.
The vote has been doctored.
The vote is unanimous.
The vote on the question was close.
The vote took place on May sixteenth.
The vote was 74 to 26 in favor.
The vote was 7‒2, with liberal justices Elena Kagan and Stephen Breyer joining the majority. The two other liberal justices on the court — Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor — dissented.
The vote was overwhelming, 621 to 49, but it was an emotional departure.
The vote was quite close.
The vote was rigged.
The vote was twenty-eight for and twenty against.
The vote was unanimous.
The vote will be close.
The voters have spoken.
The voters want change.
The voters won't put up for a tax hike.
The voters won’t put up for a tax hike.
The votes are being counted.
The votes still need to be counted.
The voting began again at noon.
The voting continued.
The voting procedure must be completed within two successive days.
The voting was fixed.
The voucher given to the customer was worth ten euros.
The voucher the customer was given was worth ten euros.
The vow of a lover is not taken seriously.
The voyage from England to India used to take 6 months.
The voyage lasted 14 months.
The voyage to America used to take many weeks.
The vultures are circling.
The vultures were feasting on the giraffe carcass.
The vulva is the outer part of the vagina.
The vuvuzelas have a very agreeable sound.
The waffle is unchewable.
The waffle is very tasty.
The wages of sin are death.
The wages of sin is death.
The wages that Mary pays us leave much to be desired.
The wages will be paid in proportion to the work done.
The waggon turned into a cross-road, whereupon Jude thanked the carter warmly for his information, and said he only wished he could talk half as well about Christminster as he.
The wagon accelerates to 80 kilometers per hour in 3 seconds.
The wagon is full of hay.
The wagon trundled along through the mud.
The wagon was drawn by twelve pair of donkeys, all of the same size, but all of different color.
The wagon was so closely packed with boys of all ages that it looked like a box of sardines.
The wagonette swung round into a side road, and we curved upward through deep lanes worn by centuries of wheels, high banks on either side, heavy with dripping moss and fleshy hart’s-tongue ferns.
The wail of sirens was so loud that I couldn't fall asleep.
The waist is a little small.
The waistband has lost its elasticity and now it's all crumbly and itchy.
The waistband has lost its elasticity and now it’s all crumbly and itchy.
The wait at immigration is at least 30 minutes.
The wait at the rollercoaster was getting excruciatingly slow.
The wait continues.
The wait is almost over.
The wait is finally over.
The wait is killing me.
The wait is over.
The wait list for transgender healthcare in the United Kingdom is artificially long, the result of policy carefully crafted to kill as many trans people as possible.
The wait was too long.
The waiter asked me to change tables because that one was reserved.
The waiter brought a new plate.
The waiter brought her a steaming cup of coffee.
The waiter brought me my drink.
The waiter brought us our bill.
The waiter brought us our checks.
The waiter came over and asked how the food was.
The waiter came over to take Tom's order.
The waiter came over to take away Tom's empty plate.
The waiter came over to the table.
The waiter came up to his table.
The waiter did his best to please the customers.
The waiter didn't hear the customer.
The waiter doesn't see us.
The waiter dropped a tray full of glasses.
The waiter ejaculated on the plate he was about to serve to a disliked customer.
The waiter filled our glasses to the brim.
The waiter happily helped Boldi make his choice.
The waiter helped the lady with the chair.
The waiter ignored me.
The waiter is taking the order.
The waiter looked at the camera on the table.
The waiter put a new tablecloth on the table.
The waiter recommended this dish.
The waiter refused to fix Dan's order.
The waiter refused to serve Tom.
The waiter screwed up my order.
The waiter seemed incompetent, but he was just overwhelmed.
The waiter served our meals quickly.
The waiter served out order.
The waiter set a coffee cup in front of Tom.
The waiter showed Ziri to his table.
The waiter spit in the soup.
The waiter walked over to Edmundo.
The waiter was downstairs.
The waiter was insolent.
The waiter was such a nice man we didn't like to complain about the meal.
The waiter was such a nice man we didn’t like to complain about the meal.
The waiter was told that he need not stay.
The waiter wasn't very polite.
The waiter went to get another glass.
The waiter will serve a soup.
The waiters always went out of their way to treat Tom as pleasantly as they could, because it was well-known that he tipped generously when he was satisfied.
The waiters bumped into each other and dropped their trays.
The waiters bumped into each other.
The waiting car was big and black and shiny.
The waiting is endless.
The waiting is over.
The waiting list is three years long.
The waiting room is clearing out.
The waiting room is empty.
The waiting room is full of patients.
The waiting room was completely empty.
The waiting room was crowded.
The waiting room was empty.
The waiting room was full of patients.
The waiting room was hot and there was no fan.
The waiting room was kept at a pleasant temperature, and the seats provided were exceptionally comfortable.
The waiting room was really crowded.
The waiting room was so noisy that I couldn't hear my name called.
The waiting room was so noisy that I couldn’t hear my name called.
The waiting-maid commanded her harshly to take off her royal robes, and to put on her common ones.
The waitress bought a new cellphone and she's shown it to all her regular customers.
The waitress brought Tom a glass of water.
The waitress brought me my coffee.
The waitress bustled about serving the customers.
The waitress didn't see Tom because he was wearing a camouflage shirt.
The waitress flirted with Tom thinking that he'd leave her a larger tip.
The waitress flirted with Tom thinking that he’d leave her a larger tip.
The waitress found a new job at the new restaurant down the street.
The waitress gave me coffee, even though I'd ordered tea.
The waitress gave me the wrong order.
The waitress got me the wrong order.
The waitress got my order all wrong.
The waitress got my order twisted with another one.
The waitress got my order wrong.
The waitress got my order wrongly mixed with another one.
The waitress greeted me with a smile.
The waitress made a big mistake by giving me the wrong order.
The waitress put a white tablecloth on the table.
The waitress refilled Tom's mug.
The waitress saw nothing.
The waitress served the tea.
The waitress serving us at the diner was exhausted and stressed.
The waitress set a glass of juice in front of me.
The waitress simply seated them at a table and said she would be back with coffee.
The waitress spread a white cloth over the table.
The waitress swapped my order with the wrong one.
The waitress was waiting tables as usual.
The waitress wasn't very polite.
The waitress wiped a cloth across the table.
The waitress' service was so good, that even the parsimonious scrooge felt the need to leave a generous tip.
The waitresses are young, pretty, sexy and well-dressed.
The waitstaff at Benedito's restaurant are friendly.
The walk left him with a good appetite.
The walk was long but easy.
The walkers are wearing summer clothes.
The walkers set out from Boston and reached San Francisco six months later.
The walking resumed.
The walking stick serves the purpose of an advertisement that the bearer's hands are employed otherwise than in useful effort, and it therefore has utility as an evidence of leisure.
The walking stick serves the purpose of an advertisement that the bearer’s hands are employed otherwise than in useful effort, and it therefore has utility as an evidence of leisure.
The wall appeared to be smooth and impenetrable.
The wall around the hut was made of human bones and on its top were skulls.
The wall began to reflect the heat of the sun.
The wall clock doesn't work.
The wall clock of the living room is inaccurate.
The wall collapsed.
The wall could use a nice coat of paint.
The wall fell.
The wall from which Humpty Dumpty fell is not the Great Wall of China.
The wall gave way in the earthquake.
The wall had a crack in it.
The wall has a crack in it.
The wall has a large hole in it.
The wall has been painted yellow.
The wall has ears.
The wall has graffiti all over it.
The wall has reportedly been cleaned three times, so it may just be a matter of time before the gum reappears, although officials say they plan to clean the wall regularly.
The wall is 27.5 meters long.
The wall is a meter high.
The wall is a metre high.
The wall is a metre tall.
The wall is covered with graffiti.
The wall is dirty.
The wall is freshly painted.
The wall is full of algae.
The wall is in danger of collapse.
The wall is one meter high.
The wall is partly covered with ivy.
The wall is thirty yards long.
The wall is three meters long.
The wall is two meters thick.
The wall is two metres thick.
The wall is white on the inside and green on the outside.
The wall is white on the outside and green on the inside.
The wall is white within and green without.
The wall is white.
The wall just got ten feet higher.
The wall lasted twenty-eight years.
The wall needs a fresh coat of paint.
The wall needs a good coat of paint.
The wall needs to go.
The wall of the castle is sloping.
The wall protected me from the rain.
The wall repelled them all in this way.
The wall separating criminals from non-criminals is not as thick as we think.
The wall should be very tall.
The wall system on the southern border is very helpful for Border Patrol agents.
The wall there is not plumb.
The wall there isn't plumb.
The wall was coated with paint.
The wall was covered with graffiti.
The wall was covered with pictures of gunshot victims.
The wall was covered with satanic messages.
The wall was higher than the fence.
The wall was made of rough stones.
