Dania felt the pressure.
Dania followed her lover's instructions.
Dania had to cope with years of abuse and infidelity.
Dania loved being a mother.
Dania realized that Fadil had a mistress.
Dania saw the dark side of Fadil.
Dania started working at a strip club.
Dania still had her man.
Dania thought that Fadil wanted to protect her.
Dania wanted to be Fadil's woman.
Dania wanted to protect the guy that she loved.
Dania was a hopeless romantic that easily fell in love with men.
Dania was a manipulative woman.
Dania was being raped.
Dania was fat and ugly.
Dania was hooked.
Dania was in an abusive relationship with Fadil.
Dania was looking for love in all the wrong places.
Dania was raped and tortured.
Dania went discovering boys.
Dania went to school to be a certified nurse.
Dania witnessed Fadil killing two people.
Dania would do everything for her man.
Dania's first crime was falling in love with that criminal.
Dania, go call Fadil.
Daniel Day-Lewis is a multiple Academy-Award winner.
Daniel Gabriel Fahrenheit was born in 1686 in Danzig.
Daniel Sila is the town crier in this Abuja village. His job is to disseminate vital information from the village chief to people who live in the community.
Daniel Turissini discovered that overworked, over stressed people need a quiet place to have a break and rest. And as Faiza Elmasry tells us, he founded that place and called it Recharj.
Daniel Webster also was there.
Daniel accepted Amanda's invitation with a smile.
Daniel accused the teacher of verbally abusing him.
Daniel actually fell in love with Amanda.
Daniel agreed to Amanda's terms.
Daniel almost dropped his phone in surprise.
Daniel almost fainted from the news.
Daniel almost got hit by a car.
Daniel already had his guitar plugged in.
Daniel always brought his lunch with him.
Daniel and Amanda can tell each other about their feelings.
Daniel and Amanda chatted about school.
Daniel and Amanda chatted all throughout the night.
Daniel and Amanda chatted for several hours.
Daniel and Amanda decided to see their last sunset in Algeria together.
Daniel and Amanda didn't try to find anything they had in common.
Daniel and Amanda discussed the plot late into the night.
Daniel and Amanda even got married after a while.
Daniel and Amanda exchanged puzzled glances.
Daniel and Amanda got out of the camp and spent the night on the river bank.
Daniel and Amanda had a lot in common.
Daniel and Amanda had lunch together for the first time after they broke up.
Daniel and Amanda jumped up and down and hugged each other.
Daniel and Amanda lifted their heads at the same time.
Daniel and Amanda looked at each other for several long seconds.
Daniel and Amanda made love in the car.
Daniel and Amanda met in a park.
Daniel and Amanda sat on the beach, under the moonlight.
Daniel and Amanda secretly saw each other for the rest of the semester.
Daniel and Amanda slow-danced together.
Daniel and Amanda started preparing for competitions together.
Daniel and Amanda talked and worked out a plan.
Daniel and Amanda turned on each other.
Daniel and Amanda went for a ride.
Daniel and Amanda went to the party together.
Daniel and Amanda went to the prom hand in hand.
Daniel and Amanda were hanging out on the beach.
Daniel and Amanda were performing together for a sold-out crowd.
Daniel and Amanda will only hang out again after his exams.
Daniel and Amanda won the title of prom king and queen.
Daniel and his father shared an emotional moment.
Daniel answered all the questions.
Daniel apologized for being late.
Daniel apologized for being rude.
Daniel apologized to Amanda and she forgave him.
Daniel applied to our school.
Daniel approached the medlar tree.
Daniel arrived at the yacht.
Daniel arrived on the remote island very quickly.
Daniel asked Amanda about the upcoming movie.
Daniel asked Amanda for some change so that he could buy a sandwich.
Daniel asked Amanda not to tell his secret to anyone.
Daniel asked Amanda on a date.
Daniel asked Amanda to accompany him on the trip to Algiers.
Daniel asked Amanda to apologize to Walid.
Daniel asked Amanda to fold her skirt to make it shorter.
Daniel asked Amanda to go to the school dance with her.
Daniel asked Amanda to prom.
Daniel asked Amanda to take Skura to the prom.
Daniel asked Amanda to take a look at some of his comics.
Daniel asked Amanda to take his sister with her.
Daniel asked Amanda why she did something so mean.
Daniel asked Amanda why she never taught their daughter about menstruation.
Daniel asked Amanda why she wasn't having fun with everyone else.
Daniel asked God to forgive his sins.
Daniel asked Jessica how she had done it.
Daniel asked Walid to kiss the prettiest girl in the room.
Daniel asked for Amanda to be brought to him immediately.
Daniel asked for a milkshake.
Daniel asked for forgiveness from God.
Daniel asked the security guard to show the uninvited guest out.
Daniel asked to play Walid’s part.
Daniel asked to speak to Amanda privately.
Daniel assumed that the devil had taken over his daughter.
Daniel ate in silence.
Daniel ate lunch alone.
Daniel bathed to clean off all the blood.
Daniel became the cutest and most popular guy in school.
Daniel became unresponsive minutes after being subdued by the cops.
Daniel began to flirt with Amanda.
Daniel began to prepare for filming.
Daniel bent down and started looking for the key in the snow.
Daniel broke the stage lights.
Daniel broke the window and climbed inside his room.
Daniel brought Amanda to an orphanage.
Daniel brought Amanda to his tattoo parlor.
Daniel brought Amanda to the mansion.
Daniel brought a branch from a mature loquat tree.
Daniel brought out a pair of scissors.
Daniel built a robot from spare parts around the garage.
Daniel built a sturdy bookshelf.
Daniel burst into tears again.
Daniel burst out crying right in front of everyone.
Daniel called Amanda some very derogatory things.
Daniel called his lawyer father to the school.
Daniel came after Amanda for her money.
Daniel came and sat down next to Amanda.
Daniel came back to the hotel.
Daniel came down to have dinner.
Daniel came forward to help Amanda.
Daniel came home in a terrible mood.
Daniel came home with a tattoo on his neck.
Daniel came on stage and started to move so nicely that Amanda couldn't look away.
Daniel came out to see Amanda.
Daniel came out with a huge sports bag.
Daniel came the night before the soccer match.
Daniel came to Amanda's house with flowers.
Daniel came to a cool bar.
Daniel came to his birthday party dressed as a clown.
Daniel came to the city park.
Daniel came to the gym.
Daniel came up to Amanda to talk.
Daniel came up to the window.
Daniel came up with a task for Amanda.
Daniel can go back to his old life with Amanda.
Daniel caught up to Amanda.
Daniel challenged the principal to stop him from coming to prom.
Daniel changed his life around.
Daniel charged at Amanda with a knife.
Daniel chased Amanda through the kitchen.
Daniel chatted with Amanda whenever he had some free time.
Daniel checked the results again and, to his surprise, found that he had been accepted.
Daniel checked the results on the Internet only to find that he didn’t pass the Berber test.
Daniel chose to stay behind.
Daniel chuckled to himself.
Daniel climbed to the stage to receive the award.
Daniel coldly said that he was tired of Amanda.
Daniel collapsed onto the bed with no strength left in his body.
Daniel completely disregarded his studies.
Daniel complimented Amanda’s Shawi dress.
Daniel conspired with Amanda against Rima.
Daniel could get into trouble.
Daniel could have sworn that someone was staring at him.
Daniel could only squeal with happiness.
Daniel couldn't even pretend that he was interested in Amanda.
Daniel couldn't help but burst into tears.
Daniel couldn't help to whistle when he saw Amanda's mansion.
Daniel couldn't shower with everyone else because of his... secret.
Daniel couldn't sneak away from his parents.
Daniel covered himself up with his hands.
Daniel covered his mouth with his hands.
Daniel covered the scion with grafting tape to protect it from drying.
Daniel crawled under the covers.
Daniel cut up all his stepdad's ties and threw them under the bed.
Daniel danced naked on the street.
Daniel danced on the stage a little.
Daniel decided he would go talk to Amanda.
Daniel decided he would ruin Walid and Rima's date.
Daniel decided he would share a secret with Amanda.
Daniel decided it was time for extreme measure.
Daniel decided not to tell his parents about that.
Daniel decided that he would no longer be controlled by Amanda.
Daniel decided that one tattoo wasn't enough for him.
Daniel decided to build on the success.
Daniel decided to do what he had come back for at once.
Daniel decided to follow Amanda around a bit to find out about her weaknesses.
Daniel decided to have a serious talk with Amanda.
Daniel decided to leave some food for Amanda here.
Daniel decided to leave without explaining anything.
Daniel decided to talk to the counselors in the morning.
Daniel declared that it was his last day in Algiers.
Daniel demanded payment for the damages.
Daniel deserved to get some rest.
Daniel did his best on the Berber test.
Daniel did it all for the game.
Daniel did not approve of his daughter's boyfriend.
Daniel did that all out of envy.
Daniel did whatever was asked of him.
Daniel didn't care about Amanda's problems.
Daniel didn't dare to mess with Amanda.
Daniel didn't even hear about the game.
Daniel didn't even notice he had left without Amanda.
Daniel didn't even talk to Amanda.
Daniel didn't even want to listen to what Amanda had to say.
Daniel didn't feel safe going back to the bus stop.
Daniel didn't get enough sleep last night.
Daniel didn't get mad at Amanda for lying.
Daniel didn't go to the competition in the end.
Daniel didn't have any time to think about it because he was too busy filming the movie.
Daniel didn't have anything in common with those kids in class.
Daniel didn't hear anyone run past.
Daniel didn't know what was going on around him.
Daniel didn't know who he was sending the work to.
Daniel didn't leave the house for a few days.
Daniel didn't like Amanda either.
Daniel didn't like Amanda talking about his friends like that.
Daniel didn't mean to upset Amanda.
Daniel didn't really care where Amanda was spending her time.
Daniel didn't seem to be from around here.
Daniel didn't show up at school the next day.
Daniel didn't want Amanda and Walid to get along.
Daniel didn’t score enough on the test.
Daniel didn’t want such influence around his daughter.
Daniel didn’t want to hurt Amanda’s feelings.
Daniel died at the Mustapha Bacha Hospital.
Daniel died from acute stress.
Daniel died from cardiac arrhythmia.
Daniel died in an accident.
Daniel died in intensive care.
Daniel died under the collapsing house.
Daniel disappeared behind the gate.
Daniel discovered a packet of cigarettes in Amanda’s backpack.
Daniel dislike being around people.
Daniel does not identify with the social norm.
Daniel doesn't actually care about Amanda.
Daniel doesn't feel he measures up to Amanda's father.
Daniel doesn't know you like we do.
Daniel doesn't like to be around people.
Daniel dove deeper into the water.
Daniel downloaded a photo from Amanda's Instagram.
Daniel dreamt of making his son the greatest soccer player of all time.
Daniel drew the sketches for those tattoos himself.
Daniel drilled a borehole in the backyard.
Daniel dropped out of school himself.
Daniel drove away in his truck.
Daniel drove to Amanda’s office.
Daniel dug a few holes in the backyard.
Daniel dug out a big stone from the snow.
Daniel ended up in an orphanage.
Daniel ended up standing outside in his pajamas.
Daniel even kissed Amanda outside her house.
Daniel even made a fan poster with Amanda's name.
Daniel even plucked up the courage and asked Amanda out.
Daniel even taught Amanda how to play the piano.
Daniel even went to court.
Daniel fell in love with Amanda's daughter at first sight.
Daniel fell in love with one of his patients.
Daniel fell into a trap he didn't even see coming.
Daniel fell off his bike.
Daniel fell off of his bike.
Daniel fell right into the water.
Daniel felt a connection to Amanda.
Daniel felt a little better after that talk.
Daniel felt avenged.
Daniel felt bad for Amanda even after everything she had done.
Daniel felt comfortable working with girls.
Daniel felt like a stranger in the house.
Daniel felt like he was in a horror movie.
Daniel felt like such a complete idiot.
Daniel filed his marriage license.
Daniel finally began to realize he had the power of telekinesis.
Daniel finally decided that it was time to get out of the city.
Daniel fired Amanda on the spot.
Daniel flew outside.
Daniel flirted with Amanda behind Rima's back.
Daniel folded his hands in front of Amanda.
Daniel followed Amanda around to find out about her weaknesses.
Daniel forbade Amanda from hanging out with her peers.
Daniel forbade Amanda from studying Berber in the house.
Daniel forced his religious beliefs on Amanda.
Daniel forgot about everything else.
Daniel forgot all about Amanda.
Daniel forgot to put Amanda's name on the cake.
Daniel found Amanda at the stern of the yacht.
Daniel found Amanda later in life.
Daniel found a job for Amanda, too.
Daniel found an open window leading to the bathroom.
Daniel found out about Amanda's money.
Daniel found out about Amanda's secret.
Daniel found us by the bus station.
Daniel froze in shock.
Daniel froze with his mouth open.
Daniel gave Amanda a guitar for her birthday.
Daniel gave Amanda a ride to school.
Daniel gave Amanda his favorite book as a Christmas present.
Daniel googled Amanda and couldn't find her works anywhere.
Daniel got a call from a well-known TV channel.
Daniel got a call from child services.
Daniel got a good job.
Daniel got a job to pay for the damages.
Daniel got a perfect score on the Berber test.
Daniel got another call from child services.
Daniel got back to being part of the group again.
Daniel got his hands on his dad's fortune.
Daniel got into a university.
Daniel got into college.
Daniel got into law school.
Daniel got into the water.
Daniel got on the roof of an old building and watched the sunset.
Daniel got out of bed.
Daniel got something to eat.
Daniel grabbed Amanda and threw her outside.
Daniel grabbed Amanda's sleeve and pulled her onto the seat beside him.
Daniel grabbed his backpack and ran into the bathroom.
Daniel grew up in an orphanage.
Daniel grew up to be a reserved teenager.
Daniel grinned at Amanda.
Daniel gritted his teeth with anger.
Daniel grows medlars and quince on the same plant.
Daniel had a guitar in his hands.
Daniel had an outstanding warrant.
Daniel had another difficult task ahead of him.
Daniel had enough negativity in his life already.
Daniel had lunch at the most expensive restaurant in the city.
Daniel had nothing in his piggy bank.
Daniel had to climb out of the window.
Daniel had to look for a part-time job.
Daniel had to pay for his flight ticket and accommodation himself.
Daniel handed out flowers to passers-by.
Daniel has a choice to make.
Daniel has a son named Walid.
Daniel has already been put on the wanted list.
Daniel has always been insecure about his strength.
Daniel has always wanted to be in the same league as those artists.
Daniel has been fired from the TV channel.
Daniel has been following Amanda on Instagram for a long time.
Daniel has been looking for Amanda for a while.
Daniel has been thinking about how to ger Amanda back.
Daniel has called his mother.
Daniel has come after Amanda.
Daniel has completely forgotten about it.
Daniel has completely forgotten about the guests.
Daniel has connections in the film industry.
Daniel has faith in Amanda.
Daniel has got a competition to win.
Daniel has grown into a better person.
Daniel has had a crush on Amanda since forever.
Daniel has had it with them both.
Daniel has just been using Amanda.
Daniel has just receive his mobilization order.
Daniel has never run so fast before.
Daniel has no one else to talk to.
Daniel has nothing to discuss with a traitor.
Daniel has only just moved to Algiers.
Daniel has probably been looking for Amanda.
Daniel has recently been discharged of the hospital.
Daniel has seen Amanda in photos with Walid.
Daniel has taken advantage of Amanda's intelligence.
Daniel has thought about Amanda a lot over the years.
Daniel has to repeat a freshman class.
Daniel has to study how to write an essay.
Daniel hasn't been happy in a while.
Daniel hasn't come to class in weeks.
Daniel hasn't even told Dad about the tattoos.
Daniel heard Amanda's talk with the producer.
Daniel heard heavy footsteps behind him.
Daniel held up the light.
Daniel helped Amanda find her daughter by using social media.
Daniel helped Amanda with her activities.
Daniel helped his family get out of poverty.
Daniel hid in the closet to see Amanda's reaction.
Daniel hid on the playground.
Daniel hired those guys to scare Amanda.
Daniel honed his culinary skills in the bustling kitchens of New York City.
Daniel hoped to get there on time.
Daniel hugged his mother.
Daniel hugged his teacher.
Daniel illegally kept custody of Amanda.
Daniel imagined Walid next to Amanda and felt jealous again.
Daniel immediately started to make fun of Amanda.
Daniel immediately turned into a lovesick fool.
Daniel inspired the students to work harder.
Daniel invited Amanda over for dinner.
Daniel invited Amanda to his mansion so that they could get to know each other.
Daniel invited Donna to a photoshoot.
Daniel is 13, Jeremy is 16 and Thomas is 12.
Daniel is a boxer from Algeria.
Daniel is a fat, lazy slob.
Daniel is a person who follows Western traditions.
Daniel is afraid of water.
Daniel is also a writer.
Daniel is an absolute troll.
Daniel is at peace with who he is.
Daniel is completely out of control.
Daniel is doing science for fun.
Daniel is dumb as a bag of rocks.
Daniel is entitled to compensation.
Daniel is from Bejaia, Algeria.
Daniel is going to the University of Algiers.
Daniel is going to the movies with Amanda tonight.
Daniel is gonna be hard to beat.
Daniel is gonna sit here and stare at Amanda until she tells him.
Daniel is making calamansi juice.
Daniel is making chocolate cake.
Daniel is making coconut juice.
Daniel is making mango cake.
Daniel is making mango juice.
Daniel is making ube cake.
Daniel is more suited for this role.
Daniel is nice to his sister.
Daniel is not allowed to play soccer anymore.
Daniel is not interested in such quiet and plain girls.
Daniel is not paying for this.
Daniel is only in high school.
Daniel is part of our team.
Daniel is still awake.
Daniel is taking math classes at college level.
Daniel is talking about a global tour.
Daniel is the best teacher I’ve ever had.
Daniel is the only child of Jacob.
Daniel is too young.
Daniel is very young.
Daniel is whistling.
Daniel joined a wrestling club when he was a kid.
Daniel jumped out of his wheelchair.
Daniel jumped straight out of his bed.
Daniel just stared at his phone all evening.
Daniel just wanted his dad to be proud of him for once.
Daniel kept his clothes under the bed.
Daniel kept to himself and still does.
Daniel kicked Amanda out of the family.
Daniel kicked Amanda out of the house.
Daniel knew about the game.
Daniel knew about the prank.
Daniel knew all of Amanda's films by heart.
Daniel knew all of Amanda's movies by heart.
Daniel knew everything about that place.
Daniel knew he could count on Amanda.
Daniel knocked on the door.
Daniel knows Amanda has nowhere to go.
Daniel knows the boy.
Daniel lashed out at his father.
Daniel laughed at that thought.
Daniel leaned in and kissed Amanda.
Daniel leaned over Amanda and kissed her.
Daniel learnt to love himself for what he was.
Daniel left for the dining room.
Daniel left the school’s soccer team.
Daniel left to the locker room.
Daniel let go of Amanda's hand.
Daniel levitated the books.
Daniel lied to the teacher about a couple of things.
Daniel lifted his foot a few centimeters off the floor.
Daniel lifted the sculpture off the ground.
Daniel liked rock music as much as Amanda did.
Daniel lives next to the worst family on earth.
Daniel locked Amanda in her trailer.
Daniel locked Amanda in the closet.
Daniel looked Amanda in the eye and said she was beautiful.
Daniel looked a lot like Amanda.
Daniel looked angry like Amanda had done something bad.
Daniel looked around the camp when he got there.
Daniel looked at Amanda blankly.
Daniel looked at Amanda defiantly.
Daniel looked at Amanda sternly.
Daniel looked at Amanda's backpack suspiciously.
Daniel looked at the list and froze in amazement.
Daniel looked down guiltily.
Daniel looked into Amanda's deep brown eyes and then, he kissed her.
Daniel looked like Captain Jack Sparrow.
Daniel looked like a child.
Daniel looked like a real troublemaker.
Daniel looked like he was about to go ballistic.
Daniel looked right at Amanda with his arms folded.
Daniel looks like a maniac.
Daniel looks like an Uyghur.
Daniel lost control.
Daniel lost his aunt Amanda in an accident.
Daniel lost interest in Amanda.
Daniel loved listening to Amanda speak to the customers.
Daniel loved to dance.
Daniel loved to sunbathe on the lawn.
Daniel lowered his eyes to the floor.
Daniel made Amanda take a test.
Daniel made Amanda the sole heiress to his fortune.
Daniel made a trust fund for his daughter, Amanda.
Daniel made fun of Amanda and everyone laughed at her.
Daniel made his mother levitate then released her a while later.
Daniel made it to the final round.
Daniel made significant progress.
Daniel makes shortbreads.
Daniel managed to break away from the robbers.
Daniel met Amanda at his house.
Daniel moved to another city.
Daniel moved to the bar and invited Amanda to join him.
Daniel mustered up courage and sat next to Amanda.
Daniel needed money for the competition.
Daniel needed someone who believed in him.
Daniel needs a friend right now.
Daniel needs a well in his garden.
Daniel needs to come to Berber class four times a week.
Daniel needs to spend time outdoors.
Daniel never went to parties.
Daniel noticed that Amanda's books had fallen to the floor.
Daniel noticed the poster on the wall.
Daniel offered to drive Amanda to school.
Daniel only ate the food he brought with him.
Daniel only made his way back home in the morning.
Daniel only talks to his son when he has to scold him.
Daniel opened the door and found Amanda unconscious.
Daniel packed his bags and headed to Amanda's mansion.
Daniel painted all the tools blue.
Daniel passed a sign about the opening of a new store.
Daniel passed out and woke up in a hospital.
Daniel passed out right at the table.
Daniel patted Amanda on the shoulder.
Daniel picked up the bag and handed it to the woman.
Daniel played for the same old crowd.
Daniel played in his normal clothes.
Daniel played the best show of his life.
Daniel prepared Amanda for her university entrance examination.
Daniel pressed on the button.
Daniel pretended to be a photographer.
Daniel pretended to be homeless.
Daniel pretends to be bad to Mary.
Daniel promised Amanda a good reward if she agreed.
Daniel promised he would give Amanda a ride to school.
Daniel pulled Amanda close and kissed her. She almost melted.
Daniel pulled Amanda to the table.
Daniel pulled the rope, dumping the water on Amanda.
Daniel pushed Amanda out of his room.
Daniel pushed Amanda out of the business.
Daniel put Amanda in harm's way.
Daniel put his hand on Amanda's shoulder.
Daniel put the engagement ring on the dining room table.
Daniel put the family photo on the table.
Daniel put the knife down.
Daniel put the pieces of paper in a jar.
Daniel put the sculpture on the pedestal.
Daniel put up a list of all the girls in our school.
Daniel put up the list on the wall.
Daniel quickly brought Amanda back down to earth.
Daniel ran away before Amanda could say anything else.
Daniel ran out to the pool.
Daniel reached out to take the jacket from Amanda.
Daniel read several books about telekinesis.
Daniel really believed for a second that he could be a star one day.
Daniel really liked Amanda at first.
Daniel recently discovered that he had cancer.
Daniel recognized Jessica right away.
Daniel recoiled from Amanda as if he saw a ghost.
Daniel recommended Amanda to a publishing house.
Daniel refused to eat anything he hadn't brought with him.
Daniel refused to feel sorry for himself anymore.
Daniel refused to give Amanda money for college.
Daniel refuses to talk to Amanda.
Daniel regained his senses.
Daniel reluctantly admitted that everything had been planned in advance.
Daniel reminds Amanda of his youth.
Daniel rescued Amanda from those people.
Daniel restricted Amanda from making friends.
Daniel returned from a tour.
Daniel returned to college.
Daniel revealed he had a girlfriend.
Daniel revealed his troubled past.
Daniel rubbed his hands together gleefully.
Daniel rushed over there.
Daniel rushed to Amanda's place.
Daniel rushed up to Amanda with no hesitation and carried her ashore in his arms.
Daniel said he would only leave if Amanda agrees to go to prom with him.
Daniel said that he was leaving everything to Amanda.
Daniel sang for almost an hour.
Daniel sat down at the fore table.
Daniel sat down by the fireplace.
Daniel sat down next to Amanda at recess.
Daniel sat down opposite Amanda.
Daniel saved his brother.
Daniel saved up money for college.
Daniel saw Amanda fall into the water and jumped in after her.
Daniel saw Amanda’s knuckles bruised.
Daniel saw a couple kissing.
Daniel saw a dramatic improvement in his singing voice.
Daniel saw four schoolgirls walk past him.
Daniel saw his parents near his house.
Daniel saw the book on the shelf.
Daniel scored a hundred on the Berber test.
Daniel scored a zero out of a hundred.
Daniel scored fifty out of a hundred for the first time.
Daniel seasoned the chicken.
Daniel seemed to be telling the truth.
Daniel set his sight on a new life in a small town.
Daniel settled in his new home.
Daniel shied away from Amanda.
Daniel shook his head disapprovingly and left.
Daniel should be a writer.
Daniel should have broken up with Amanda.
Daniel should stay away from Amanda.
Daniel should think it over.
Daniel shouldn't give up on trusting people entirely.
Daniel shouldn't have made a decision without asking what Amanda wanted.
Daniel shouted at Amanda to leave.
Daniel shouted at Amanda.
Daniel shouted for joy.
Daniel showed Amanda how he grafted his loquat trees.
Daniel showed Amanda pictures of his father.
Daniel showed no regret whatsoever.
Daniel showed those photos to the other girls.
Daniel shut himself in his room for days.
Daniel shut himself up in his room.
Daniel sings on YouTube.
Daniel slept with his teddy bear.
Daniel slit the pig’s throat.
Daniel smeared Amanda's phone with chocolate paste.
Daniel smiled slyly to himself.
Daniel snapped at Amanda over nothing.
Daniel snatched the camera from Amanda.
Daniel snuck into the office and found Amanda's address.
Daniel solved the math problem in less than a minute.
Daniel spends so much time with Amanda that he forgets to call his parents.
Daniel spent a lot of money on this tour.
Daniel spent all day posing in the mirror and taking selfies.
Daniel spent all his pocket money on that suit.
Daniel spent all year preparing for the competition.
Daniel spent his holidays in the gym.
Daniel spent the first four years of his life in an orphanage.
Daniel spent the rest of the evening trying to figure out why Amanda was acting like that.
Daniel spent the whole evening hanging out with the other girls.
Daniel spit a spitball at Amanda's head.
Daniel spread his arms.
Daniel stabbed Amanda with a butcher knife.
Daniel stared at Amanda like a maniac.
Daniel stared at Amanda. He was mad.
Daniel stared at the light bulb in anger.
Daniel started banging on the door with all of his strength.
Daniel started chatting to Amanda about something.
Daniel started crying and reaching out for Amanda.
Daniel started having a panic attack.
Daniel started indulging into a lot of activities.
Daniel started making fun of Amanda.
Daniel started posting photos on social media.
Daniel started running away from Amanda.
Daniel started spending more time with Amanda to help her heal.
Daniel started to make fun of Amanda again.
Daniel started to perform a weird dance on the stage.
Daniel started to sing at home.
Daniel started to stay late at work more and more often.
Daniel started worrying about his looks.
Daniel started writing the script at your age.
Daniel stayed away from them.
Daniel stayed in the hospital for several days.
Daniel sterilized the blade with some rubbing alcohol.
Daniel stole clothes from stores.
Daniel stole the camp's mascot costume and dumped it into the lake.
Daniel stood in the way of Amanda's success.
Daniel stood outside in his pajamas.
Daniel stopped the car with his telekinetic power.
Daniel stormed off and didn’t return home that night.
Daniel stormed out of the house.
Daniel stuck to his plan.
Daniel suddenly came up behind Amanda and covered her eyes with his hands.
Daniel suddenly pulled Amanda to his table.
Daniel suddenly ran into Amanda.
Daniel suddenly realized that he was in love.
Daniel suffered from insomnia.
Daniel suggested Amanda work for him.
Daniel suggested that we post that on Tiktok.
Daniel suggested we go for a swim.
Daniel suggested we go for a walk.
Daniel swam in the seawater.
Daniel switched Amanda's shampoo with food coloring.
Daniel tackled the masked man to the ground.
Daniel talked a lot about poetry.
Daniel talked to Amanda about Walid having no friends.
Daniel talked to everyone who lived in the mansion.
Daniel texted his parents that he wanted to go home.
Daniel texted his parents that the camp was terrible.
Daniel thanked Amanda for helping him.
Daniel thanked his parents for that.
Daniel thanked the policemen.
Daniel thanked the teacher for believing in him.
Daniel thinks Amanda is here to ruin the moment.
Daniel thinks he has found his calling.
Daniel thinks of Amanda as an outcast.
Daniel thought about it and came to a decision.
Daniel thought about the samples Amanda had talked to him about.
Daniel thought he was dying of an illness.
Daniel thought he was in big trouble.
Daniel threw Amanda's clothes back on the floor.
Daniel threw something at Amanda.
Daniel threw stones into the water.
Daniel threw that stupid suit in the trash.
Daniel threw the knives at the crowd.
Daniel threw the photo into the trash.
Daniel tipped off the robbers.
Daniel told Amanda about everything.
Daniel told Amanda not to worry about the tuition fee.
Daniel told Amanda that Walid was his stepbrother.
Daniel told Amanda to back off.
Daniel told Amanda to dress modestly.
Daniel told his classmates all sorts of nasty lies about Amanda.
Daniel told his parents Amanda was mean to him.
Daniel told the producer about Jessica.
Daniel took Amanda away from Rima.
Daniel took Amanda to court.
Daniel took Amanda to his friend Walid’s party.
Daniel took Amanda to the dance floor.
Daniel took Amanda to unusual places.
Daniel took a jar of Nutella and smeared it all over Amanda's phone.
Daniel took a thick wad of money out of the closet and threw it at Amanda.
Daniel took advantage of Walid when he was a child.
Daniel took care of the masked man.
Daniel took custody of Amanda.
Daniel took great care of his children.
Daniel took his fourth mock exam.
Daniel took off his bandages.
Daniel took out his phone and opened up an app called Duolingo.
Daniel took part in another competition and won.
Daniel took some cuttings from Amanda’s medlar tree.
Daniel took some prunings from this medlar tree.
Daniel took the opportunity to run away from home again.
Daniel took the rest of the cosmetics from Amanda's study and gave them to Rima.
Daniel treated Amanda like she was a normal person and she started to trust him.
Daniel treated Amanda like she was his granddaughter.
Daniel treated Amanda like she was the most fragile flower in the world.
Daniel treated Amanda to a lunch.
Daniel tried to calm down.
Daniel tried to catch a ride out of the city.
Daniel tried to convince his parents to get him a vocal coach.
Daniel tried to drive a wedge between Amanda and Walid.
Daniel tried to figure out why.
Daniel tried to go after Amanda, but Walid grabbed his arm.
Daniel tried to look scary and got into a fighting pose.
Daniel tried to reason with Amanda.
Daniel tried to run outside.
Daniel tried to sneak out of the house quietly.
Daniel tried to talk Amanda out of it.
Daniel tripped and fell overboard.
Daniel trudged back to his room.
Daniel turned Amanda's life into a living hell at home.
Daniel turned Amanda's life into a living hell.
Daniel turned around and saw a girl with piercings.
Daniel turned around the corner and Amanda did, too.
Daniel turned blue all over from the cold.
Daniel turned green with anger.
Daniel turned to the experts.
Daniel twisted Amanda's arm behind her back.
Daniel undertook several clandestine operations on behalf of the CIA.
Daniel uploaded the video of the incident on the Internet.
Daniel used Amanda's vulnerability against her.
Daniel used grafting tape to prevent water from entering the graft.
Daniel uses traditional aboriginal medicines.
Daniel waited for Amanda to show up.
Daniel waited under the stage.
Daniel waited until he was told what to do.
Daniel walked Amanda back to her house.
Daniel walked Amanda to his bed.
Daniel walked into the classroom.
Daniel walked into the hotel.
Daniel walked into the living room.
Daniel walked into the small room.
Daniel walked into the tattoo parlor.
Daniel wanted Amanda to get mad at Walid.
Daniel wanted everything to be perfect.
Daniel wanted to dance with Amanda.
Daniel wanted to get Amanda to kiss him.
Daniel wanted to get his mind off things.
Daniel wanted to get rid of Amanda.
Daniel wanted to leave that family for good.
Daniel wanted to stay on the island for a little longer.
Daniel was a children’s rights activist.
Daniel was a deluded religious fanatic who thought everything was sinful.
Daniel was a member of the city council.
Daniel was a nerd in college.
Daniel was a photography student in college.
Daniel was a shy kid.
Daniel was abandoned by everyone.
Daniel was able to make up for the tests he had missed.
Daniel was about to live his dream.
Daniel was about to start running away when a police car stopped by.
Daniel was absolutely obsessed with comics.
Daniel was acting like a knight.
Daniel was admiring the ocean from the window of his hotel room.
Daniel was afraid of the dark.
Daniel was afraid that his parents would stop loving him.
Daniel was aiming to go to a university.
Daniel was all too happy to bring Amanda home.
Daniel was alone for a long time, too.
Daniel was already flirting with one of the waitresses.
Daniel was already over Amanda.
Daniel was already used to it.
Daniel was also a little afraid of Amanda.
Daniel was also funding the Berber classes.
Daniel was also working out.
Daniel was always made fun of.
Daniel was an average student.
Daniel was annoyed by Amanda's awful wails.
Daniel was appointed as Amanda's guide.
Daniel was asleep on the couch.
Daniel was at summer camp.
Daniel was at the tattoo parlor.
Daniel was banging his head against the wall.
Daniel was banned from the competition for life.
Daniel was beyond happy.
Daniel was bored out of his mind.
Daniel was born to be a star.
Daniel was born to be an actor.
Daniel was burning all the soccer equipment.
Daniel was called by the teacher to discuss Amanda’s progress.
Daniel was called to the front of the classroom to read a poem.
Daniel was cold a lot of the time.
Daniel was constantly asking Amanda about his book and she told him they it come out soon.
Daniel was covering his head with his hands.
Daniel was crying and begging Amanda not to leave him.
Daniel was eating shit.
Daniel was exercising outside the cabin.
Daniel was feeling great after the rehearsal.
Daniel was filled with concern over Amanda's health.
Daniel was filming a scene at the cemetery.
Daniel was flirting with some girls.
Daniel was found crying, holding his dying mother.
Daniel was freaked out by the way Amanda looked.
Daniel was from Walid's wrestling club.
Daniel was fuming in anger.
Daniel was given a different surname.
Daniel was glad he did something good for Amanda.
Daniel was going on dates with Amanda.
Daniel was going to be with Amanda.
Daniel was going to compete in the music contest.
Daniel was going to jail.
Daniel was going to parties all the time.
Daniel was handsome like a movie star.
Daniel was hired right away without even looking at all the other candidates.
Daniel was holding on a jacket for Amanda.
Daniel was humiliated and filled with rage.
Daniel was impaled on a fence.
Daniel was imprisoned for thirty-five years in that penitentiary.
Daniel was in middle school and had no friends.
Daniel was in the shower room.
Daniel was incarcerated for thirty-five years in that correctional institution.
Daniel was inspired by Stan Lee.
Daniel was interested in being tutored by Amanda.
Daniel was interrupted by a knock on the door.
Daniel was invited to the casting of a new reality show.
Daniel was leaving for Algiers.
Daniel was left with no food.
Daniel was let off with a month of suspension.
Daniel was like a grandfather to Amanda.
Daniel was listening to Amanda and trying not to cry.
Daniel was looking for a bathroom.
Daniel was looking for an easy way to become a confident singer.
Daniel was looking out the window.
Daniel was lying on the hospital bed, crippled.
Daniel was making a movie with his idol.
Daniel was not afraid of the dark.
Daniel was on stage with a guitar in his hands.
Daniel was only interested in playing video games.
Daniel was only talking to Amanda because his dad asked him to.
Daniel was out for blood.
Daniel was outside of the mansion.
Daniel was over the moon when he was with Amanda.
Daniel was over the moon.
Daniel was pissed at himself for believing Amanda.
Daniel was pissed with himself for believing Amanda.
Daniel was pitifully crying as the kids crowded around him.
Daniel was planning to spend the whole summer in his room with his phone.
Daniel was playing water volleyball.
Daniel was presenting no risk to anyone.
Daniel was raised alongside Amanda's daughter, Rima.
Daniel was reading the words in a monotone voice like a robot.
Daniel was really excited to tell Dad about that.
Daniel was really interested in Amanda's life.
Daniel was rehearsing in his garage for a show.
Daniel was returning to the hotel.
Daniel was rolling on the lawn, laughing.
Daniel was running away from the dogs.
Daniel was saddened that Amanda was causing her mother so much trouble.
Daniel was seen in the dining room.
Daniel was shaking with fear.
Daniel was shocked to see Amanda with tattoos.
Daniel was sitting at a resort in Algeria.
Daniel was sitting in a wheelchair, all bandaged up.
Daniel was sitting in front of his loquat trees.
Daniel was sitting on a bench next to Amanda.
Daniel was sleeping over at a friend's house.
Daniel was so afraid of losing Amanda.
Daniel was so nervous to break the news.
Daniel was so worried about Amanda.
Daniel was spending the night in a tent by the lake.
Daniel was standing alone against the wall.
Daniel was standing in the shower.
Daniel was struggling with a math problem.
Daniel was studying in the library.
Daniel was studying on the porch.
Daniel was subdued by the cops.
Daniel was suffering from insomnia.
Daniel was suffering from some kind of mental illness.
Daniel was sunbathing on the beach.
Daniel was sure that Amanda would win.
Daniel was swimming in complete darkness.
Daniel was taken away by the police.
Daniel was taking revenge on Amanda.
Daniel was talking on the phone like nothing had happened.
Daniel was terrified of Amanda's strength.
Daniel was terrorizing his little sister.
Daniel was the black sheep of his family.
Daniel was the most popular guy in school.
Daniel was the only one who could read the writing on the wall, as he was the only Volapükist.
Daniel was the smartest boy in school.
Daniel was the son of a rich Russian aristocrat.
Daniel was the type to go with the flow.
Daniel was too afraid to even look at his bullies.
Daniel was too embarrassed to talk about being a vegetarian.
Daniel was transferred into the best ward.
Daniel was upset with Amanda.
Daniel was waiting for Amanda in a secluded place.
Daniel was waiting in the terminal.
Daniel was walking along the hallway.
Daniel was walking down the hallway.
Daniel was wandering the streets in a terrible mood.
Daniel was working for Amanda's grandfather.
Daniel was worried he wouldn’t get into the state university.
Daniel wasn't going to get rid of Amanda that easy.
Daniel wasn't going to give up on his hobby.
Daniel wasn't listening to the history teacher.
Daniel wasn't the one who put Amanda's life in danger.
Daniel wasn’t interested in studying Berber.
Daniel watched Amanda in the dining room.
Daniel watched as Amanda died slowly.
Daniel watched the video of Amanda getting bullied.
Daniel waved goodbye to a career as an athlete.
Daniel welcomed Amanda to the island.
Daniel went back to his mansion.
Daniel went for a swim without Amanda.
Daniel went into a diabetic coma.
Daniel went into a frenzy.
Daniel went on a boat ride with Amanda.
Daniel went out with his friends every day.
Daniel went somewhere with a huge sports bag.
Daniel went to Amanda's tattoo parler.
Daniel went to a restaurant with his friends.
Daniel went to a secluded island.
Daniel went to an amusement park.
Daniel went to his room, but on his way there, he saw something weird.
Daniel went to his trailer to have lunch.
Daniel went to sit on a bench.
Daniel went to the bank to check everything.
Daniel went to the bar to get a cocktail.
Daniel went to the dining room the next morning and saw Amanda crying.
Daniel went to the library and studied for hours.
Daniel went to the tattoo parlor.
Daniel will always take care of Amanda with no issues.
Daniel will be a fantastic addition to our band.
Daniel will be leaving tomorrow.
Daniel will certainly not get into college.
Daniel will finally punish Amanda for her blatant lies.
Daniel will need to work out a lot and his strength will come in handy.
Daniel will pay for the competition.
Daniel will talk to Amanda.
Daniel wiped away his tears.
Daniel wished Amanda had never found him.
Daniel wished he could go back to that carefree time.
Daniel wished he would make friends soon.
Daniel woke Amanda up by grabbing her hair.
Daniel won't be able to spend the holidays without social media.
Daniel won't vote for Amanda anyway.
Daniel worked for Amanda's father.
Daniel worked on his project.
Daniel worked on some of those inventions with Amanda.
Daniel worked out alongside Amanda.
Daniel works at the gym as a personal trainer.
Daniel wrapped Amanda in warm blankets and put her to bed.
Daniel wrote all the correct answers in his notebook.
Daniel's apartment is paid for until the end of the month.
Daniel's apartment just didn't feel like home anymore.
Daniel's audience grew at a furious pace.
Daniel's books fell out of his hands.
Daniel's calls were going to voice mail.
Daniel's face was all over the news.
Daniel's fist is the size of Amanda's head.
Daniel's fortune was built on a lie.
Daniel's guest introduced himself as Morgan Freeman.
Daniel's hands were shaking so bad from the cold.
Daniel's heart was pounding like crazy.
Daniel's name is well known in the industry.
Daniel's offer is more than generous.
Daniel's parents came to see him.
Daniel's parents sent him to the camp.
Daniel's parents will be in big trouble he didn't do as Amanda said.
Daniel's phone broke in the accident.
Daniel's photos were on the table.
Daniel's secret was out and he wasn't safe anymore.
Daniel's skin turned red and he cried out in pain.
Daniel's tone sent shivers down my spine.
Daniel's voice suddenly rang out in the hallway.
Daniel's wrestling team was going to Algiers.
Daniel, a young aboriginal Australian, was beaten to death by policemen.
Daniel, give Emet and the others my regards.
Daniel, once again, turned green with envy.
Daniela called me at home.
Daniele Macchini, a physician at Humanitas Gavazzeni hospital in Bergamo, wrote : “The war has literally exploded, and the battles are uninterrupted day and night. The results of the swabs now come one after the other: positive, positive, positive. Suddenly the emergency room is collapsing.”
Danielle Steel is the bestselling author alive.
Daniel’s father only focused on Amanda.
Daniel’s house was the smallest on the block.
Daniel’s loquat tree started fruiting.
Daniel’s mother comforted him.
Daniel’s new classmates bullied him like the old ones.
Daniel’s parents were a little weird sometimes.
Daniel’s school was too expensive.
Daniel’s shyness got the better of him.
Daniel’s smile soon disappeared.
Daniel’s well is over a hundred meter deep.
Danish and Norwegian are two very similar languages.
Danish is an ugly language.
Danish is recognised as a protected minority language in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein.
Danish is the European Portuguese of Scandinavia.
Danish military aircraft participated in the destruction of Libya when NATO attacked this country.
Danish officials rejected Trump's offer to buy Greenland.
Danish pronunciation is a little bit difficult.
Danish train operator DSB first, take over the running of the Oresund trains across the Oresund bridge. The line was previously operated by the danish DSB and the swedish SJ.
Danish, Norwegian, and Swedish are a scam by Big Language to sell more languages.
Daniël thanked the policeman.
Danny DeVito and ferocious lions and tigers are best avoided.
Danny has no sense of beauty.
Danny is making biko.
Danny was a strange brown-haired musician boy in the neighbouring Grade 6 class. He liked to play the piano and seemed the Hunchback of Notre Dame of the big classroom, which our Grade 5 shared.
Dante is the greatest Italian poet.
Dante wrote "The Divine Comedy."
Dante's not that old.
Danzig is a Polish town.
Danzig is a heavy metal band.
Dan’s completely off the wall; you can’t predict what he’s going to do next.
Dao is like a broad road, is it difficult to discover? The problem is that people are not looking for it. If you return to the search, you will find plenty of teachers.
Daoists aim to have physical immortality in this world. Perhaps, in Old China, life was so good that the elite wanted to live forever, in this world.
Daphne is going to open a school.
Daphne will open a school.
Daphnis and Chloe neglected their flocks for a time to share in the labours of the vintage.
Daphnis and Chloe retired to rest, and, wakeful like the owls, kissed and embraced one another all night long.
Daphnis and Chloe were delighted, but they regarded what they heard as a fable rather than as fact; and they inquired of Philetas, who and what this Love could be? Whether he was a boy or a bird? And what powers he could exert?
Daphnis and Chloe, however, cherished in their memory the pleasures of which they were now deprived, — their kisses, embraces, and happy meals together. They passed many a sleepless, sorrowing night, and looked forward to the return of spring as to a resurrection from death.
Daphnis ceased speaking and burst into tears, whereat all his countrymen were moved with compassion.
Daphnis could not find fault with her advice, but being quite destitute of the means which might insure success to his suit, he burst into tears, as most poor lovers usually do; and then he again invoked the assistance of the Nymphs.
Daphnis frequently collected such of the sheep as had strayed, and if a goat ventured too near a precipice Chloe drove it back.
Daphnis gave her a sweet smile and a yet sweeter kiss, and, putting the garland of violets on her head, said that he would tell her the story of the Nymph Echo, if she would promise to give him ten kisses for his pains.
Daphnis has forgotten me.
Daphnis has forgotten me. He is dreaming of marrying some wealthy maiden.
Daphnis has forgotten me. He is dreaming of marrying some wealthy maiden. Ah! Why did I make him swear by his goats instead of by the Nymphs! He has forgotten them as he has forgotten me.
Daphnis is short and puny, with no more beard than a woman, whilst his body is as tawny as a wolf's skin. By living, too, among his goats, he has contracted a goatish smell. And, besides, he is a mere goat-herd, so poor that he has not even enough means to keep a dog of his own.
Daphnis now often prevented Chloe from displaying her charms, for he remembered what Lycaenium had told him, and feared lest he should be unable to restrain himself.
Daphnis paid his adorations to Pan, to whom he prayed in behalf of Chloe, promising that he would sacrifice a he-goat to the God in return for her safety.
Daphnis soon became the only person whom she thought of and cared for, and everything spoke of him to her.
Daphnis swam in the rivers, and Chloe bathed in the springs; he piped, vying with the zephyrs that breathed through the pines, whilst she sang, emulating the nightingales with her melody.
Daphnis was in a sorry plight from the blows he had received, but seeing Chloe among the crowd, he bore his pain without complaint.
Daphnis — when all was quiet — came down to the plain where the flocks were wont to pasture, but not a goat nor a sheep was to be seen, nor was Chloe herself there.
Daphnis, finding the warmth intolerable, plunged into the rivers; sometimes he merely bathed, sometimes he amused himself with trying to catch the fish which slipped between his fingers and glided through the water, and sometimes he drank of the stream as if he wished to extinguish the flame which he felt within him.
Daphnis, however, was so eager in his inquiries as to the cause of her sadness, that she realised he would be more miserable if the truth were concealed from him than if he knew it.
Daphnis, perceiving it, laid down his pipe and while he gazed on her charms, he thus sighed to himself: "What eyes are those which are now closed in sleep! What a mouth is that which breathes so sweetly! Neither apples nor wild-flowers have so sweet a scent! Ah! But I fear to kiss it! Her lips sting me to the heart, and like new honey drive me mad! Besides, a kiss would awaken her!"
Daphnis, who had no suspicion of the truth, at once arose and followed Lycaenium, who led him far away from Chloe, into the depths of the wood, near a spring.
Daphnis, who quitting his goats had betaken himself to the woods to cut some green branches as winter-fodder for his kids, looked down from among the trees and witnessing the ravages promptly hid himself in the hollow of a decayed tree.
Daraprim usually retails for about $1.50 per pill in Australia and Britain.
Darcy said nothing at all.
Dare I ask where and to which places you would like to go?
Dare he go alone?
Dare to do it! I believe in you.
Dare to think.
Dare you ask her?
Dare you ask him about it?
Dare you ask him about the accident?
Dare you ask me another question?
Dare you call her?
Dare you disobey me?
Dare you do it by yourselves?
Dare!
Dari is a dialect of the Persian language.
Dariimaa rarely drew birds and animals.
Dario is a communist.
Dario is a socialist.
Dario is an anarcho-syndicalist.
Dario reads the newspaper every day.
Darius had known England before and after the repeal of the Corn Laws, and the difference between the two Englands was so strikingly dramatic to him that he desired no further change.
Darius is a socialist.
Darius organized a fleet of five hundred ships.
Darius was king of the Persians.
Dark Sky does not work without an api-key.
Dark and empty is the night if your eyes do not look at me, if your mouth does not speak, if you, girl, do not sigh, it destroys my soul, so I look at you each day, and with your quiet look, you catch another glance.
Dark and strong is how I like my coffee.
Dark as it was, we managed to find our way back to our tent.
Dark as it was, we managed to find our way home.
Dark bread is popular in Germany.
Dark chocolate is healthy.
Dark clouds are a sign of rain.
Dark clouds are hanging low.
Dark clouds are looming overhead.
Dark clouds are moving in – a storm is coming. Let's get home sharpish.
Dark clouds are moving in. A storm is on its way. Let's hurry home.
Dark clouds are rolling in. It's going to rain.
Dark clouds are thirsty for the sun.
Dark clouds gathered over the horizon.
Dark clouds moved in from the horizon.
Dark clouds suddenly rolled in.
Dark clouds were approaching.
Dark clouds were brooding over the city.
Dark clouds were hanging above Ziri.
Dark clouds were moving in from the horizon.
Dark days are ahead.
Dark energy is an invisible force that is pushing our universe apart.
Dark energy is even more mysterious than dark matter.
Dark energy makes up the majority of the cosmos, but we don’t actually know what it is.
Dark humor helps me get over tough times.
Dark humor is like food; not everyone gets it.
Dark humour helps me get through tough times.
Dark is an object of fear to many children.
Dark is the best German series.
Dark matter cannot be seen directly.
Dark matter is invisible.
Dark rumours gathered round him in the university town, and eventually he was compelled to resign his chair and to come down to London.
Dark storm clouds are gathering in the sky.
Dark streets are an easy target for perverts.
Dark thunderclouds are gathering in the sky.
Dark times are coming!
Dark times have come!
Dark times lie ahead.
Dark tourism consists in getting kicks from the world's poverty and misery.
Dark was the night.
Darker green quartz is generally the result of artificial treatment.
Darkhan is nearer than Beijing, right?
Darkness brings me peace.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
Darkness causes many children to be afraid.
Darkness favors secret dealings.
Darkness flees at sunrise.
Darkness from the storm and then nightfall precluded further battle that day.
Darkness is a criminal's favorite accomplice.
Darkness is falling.
Darkness is the absence of light.
Darkness set in.
Darkness settled in.
Darkness still covered the valley.
Darkness was drawing near.
Darkness will cover the world.
Darl Thomas ran headlong up the staircase that spiralled through the dim cavern.
Darling, can you please think about throwing the garbage later in the day today, please? I'm not asking for much, you know.
Darling, please remember.
Darling, we've run out of paper tissues again.
Darling, why don't you watch a little television while I slip into something more comfortable.
Darling, you have the simplicity of a child.
Darling, you look divine.
Darn it!
Darn it! That is unbearable, it itches everywhere.
Darn it, I forgot my camera!
Darn it, it cost me two hundred bucks to get my car fixed.
Darn!
Darn.
Darren and Simon are going to play tennis.
Darren is to be put through a trial. If he fails, it’s the death penalty!
Darth Vader is running for president of Ukraine.
Darwin changed everything.
Darwin changed everything: he painted the kitchen walls black and replaced the wardrobe and sofa in the living room.
Darwin changed the way we see the world.
Darwin changed the world.
Darwin developed the evolutionary theory.
Darwin likes this.
Darwin sailed aboard the Beagle for five years starting in 1831. He carried out detailed surveying of South America and the Galapagos Islands.
Darwin studied the animals and birds different from those he knew in England.
Darwin was a Cantonese supervisor in the video games development company, my former workplace in posh Yaletown in Vancouver, BC. I never asked him if his name related to the Australian city, the famous scientist, or both.
Darwin wrote "The Origin of Species".
Darwin wrote "the Origin of Species".
Darwin's health prevented more than two hours' work a day, and the flimsiest of novels was his needful relaxation.
Darwin's work changes everything.
Darwinian man, though well-behaved, at best is only a monkey shaved.
Dash it all!
Dash towards him.
Dasha and Anya made their own visual novel.
Dasha poured some sugar from one jar into another.
Dassin is pretty.
Data about the coronavirus found in sewage can warn of an outbreak up to seven days before clinical testing shows signs of a spike, say wastewater epidemiologists.
Data breaches can lead to devastating consequences.
Data breaches threaten personal freedom.
Data breaches undermine trust.
Data can be falsified.
Data can be transmitted from the main computer to yours, and vice versa.
Data compression algorithms can be classified in two categories: those with data loss and those without data loss.
Data curation is the art of pampering data in a way that doesn't look like doctoring.
Data curation is the art of pampering data in a way that doesn’t look like doctoring.
Data for this study was collected from 1.6 million adolescents across 146 countries.
Data from Hubble are relayed to the Tracking and Data Relay Satellite (TDRS) that is in a geosynchronous orbit above Earth. This satellite relays the data to a terminal in White Sands, New Mexico.
Data from Hubble has allowed astronomers to make cosmic breakthroughs: pin down the age of the universe by measuring the brightness of stars in distant galaxies, watch comets plunge into Jupiter’s clouds, providing new insights into the physics of the stormy planet, and take the very first images of planet-forming disks around newborn stars, something astronomers knew had to be there but never dreamed they’d see with their own eyes.
Data from more than 100 million people aged 30 to 79 in 184 countries showed that more than 700 million people with hypertension, a life-threatening illness, go untreated. Most do so because they are undiagnosed and do not know they have this condition.
Data from the many parts of this fragmentary telescope are combined to form a single image.
Data hoarding is a digital disease.
Data integrity is the backbone of security.
Data integrity keeps society secure.
Data is a vital ingredient of training machine learning models.
Data is capable of wanting to be free, as Roger Clarke knows.
Data is collected via face to face interviews.
Data must be protected from those who misuse it.
Data privacy protects individual freedom.
Data protection ensures our safety.
Data protection is a form of self-defense.
Data protection is crucial in the modern age.
Data protection is essential for peace of mind.
Data scientists need workable data frames.
Data security is essential in the digital age.
Data security is everyone's responsibility.
Data security is the armor of modern life.
Data security protects our future.
Data show violence disproportionately affects women living in low-and lower-middle-income countries.
Data shows that 85 percent of girls and 78 percent of boys do not meet the current WHO recommendations of at least one hour of physical activity a day.
Data still needs to be analyzed.
Data were restored.
Databases store data.
Date girls your own age.
Date of last revision of this page: 2010-11-03
Date palms are really pretty.
Dates allow you to keep your energy high.
Dates and walnuts are commonly used in the filling for baklava made in the Levant.
Dates are a healthy food.
Dates are a perfect food.
Dates are cultivated in Algeria.
Dates are good for a healthier lifestyle.
Dates are good for sight.
Dates are good for the bones.
Dates are good for you.
Dates are good for your memory.
Dates are good.
Dates are nature's candy.
Dates are packed with potassium.
Dates are so good with regulating your blood pressure.
Dates can give you a good energy boost.
Dates can help you.
Dates can improve your vision.
Dates can prevent bone-related conditions.
Dates can raise your energy levels.
Dates contain an impressive amount of vitamin A.
Dates decrease your cholesterol level.
Dates give you more energy.
Dates have a large supply of minerals.
Dates have advantages for our health.
Dates have antioxidants.
Dates have lots of vitamins.
Dates help to prevent cancer.
Dates help to prevent diabetes.
Dates help with constipation.
Dates help your brain work better.
Dates help your digestive system work better.
Dates improve brain function.
Dates improve your memory.
Dates make your bones stronger.
Dates prevent tons of diseases.
Dates reduce inflammation.
Dates reduce the chances of having a heart attack.
Dates reduces aging signs.
Dates should be eaten in moderation.
Dates taste good.
Dates will be announced.
Dates will give you a stronger immune system.
Dates will help your body find balance with its new weight.
Dates would balance out your cholesterol level.
Dating Rima won't change anything.
Dating Tom wasn't such a good idea.
Dating Tom wouldn't be such a good idea.
Dating Ziri was getting kind of tiring.
Dating a jerk would stress you out.
Dating a much younger girl wasn't a problem for him.
Dating can be confusing.
Dating can be intimidating.
Dating can be very stressful.
Dating him is probably a bad idea.
Dating him was probably a bad idea.
Dating is confusing.
Dating is exhausting.
Dating isn't really Yanni's thing.
Dating your coworkers is a bad idea.
Dative is the death of genitive.
Dative spells the death of the genitive.
Datu visited Alvin.
Daughter of a whore!
Dave Chappelle and Louis CK are proof that "cancel culture" is largely made up.
Dave Chappelle won a Grammy for whining about being "canceled."
Dave has your money.
Dave is the fastest swimmer of all my classmates.
Dave laughed heartily.
Dave never returned to school again.
Dave plays the fiddle in a klezmer band.
Dave sang in our choir.
Dave would call his security.
David Attenborough already had grey hair when I was born.
David Attenborough brings the wonders of the natural world into our homes with unparalleled storytelling.
David Attenborough has lived more days on this Earth than the late queen of England.
David Attenborough is a tireless advocate for biodiversity.
David Attenborough is an iconic figure.
David Attenborough's humility and empathy make him a beloved figure worldwide.
David Attenborough's influence transcends generations.
David Attenborough's legacy as a conservationist and communicator will endure for generations to come.
David Attenborough's passion for wildlife encourages us to appreciate and protect our planet.
David Attenborough's voice soothes and educates millions with his captivating documentaries.
David Attenborough's work fosters a deep connection between people and the environment.
David Beckham is English.
David Beckham is a good footballer.
David Beckham now lives in America.
David Galvin says the greening of Kokomo is not some kooky futuristic experiment. He sees thousands of new jobs in its future—assembling solar panels, making parts for algae ponds, and so forth. Kokomo has a skilled workforce and plenty of factory space, he says. And the auto crisis has provided the motivation for change.
David Hilbert is a German mathematician.
David Lindenmayer, a professor of ecology at the Australian National University, says droughts and fires can decimate koala populations.
David Meddings, a WHO medical officer, said drowning is the second leading cause of death among children and youth under age 19 in wealthy countries such as the United States, Switzerland, and France.
David Molyneux is with the Lymphatic Filariasis Center at the School of Tropical Medicine in Liverpool. He says that drug companies are donating two of the antiworm drugs, ivermectin and albendazole.
David Nirenberg considers the Islamic world to be part of the Western world.
David Paige says it is important not to contaminate Mars with a microbe that could spread.
David Remnick, editor of the New Yorker, discussed the dangers of normalizing a Donald Trump presidency during a live chat hosted by Columbia Journalism Review.
David Tennant is a Scottish actor.
David W. was an alluring short athletic blond boy in Grade 5 on Lulu Island.
David abruptly turned around and left.
David accidentally dropped the vase.
David accidentally saw his reflection in the mirror and froze up.
David acted alone.
David adopted Barbara.
David adored his little brother, Daniel.
David agreed to testify for Barbara.
David almost fell in love with Amanda.
David almost screamed with indignation.
David also spent a lot of time with his grandfather.
David and Amanda announced their breakup.
David and Amanda bumped into each other in the corridor.
David and Amanda chatted for hours.
David and Amanda exchanged happy glances and agreed to come.
David and Amanda locked themselves in an office and he told her everything.
David and Amanda pretended to like each other to piss Rima off.
David and Amanda started hanging out a lot.
David and Amanda used to be friends when they were kids.
David and Amanda were arguing about something.
David and Barbara watched a movie together.
David and Barbara were folding paper airplanes to send messages to each other.
David and Jonathan knew each other biblically.
David and Martha are meeting each other in a cafe.
David and Martha both cried silently on their drive back home.
David and Martha can talk things through.
David and Martha danced out on the grass.
David and Martha didn't even exchange names.
David and Martha ended up cursing each other.
David and Martha enjoyed a nice time having a picnic together.
David and Martha exchanged hellos when Walid showed up.
David and Martha got married in an intimate ceremony.
David and Martha had an intense conversation.
David and Martha laughed about many things.
David and Martha lived under one roof.
David and Martha met and danced together.
David and Martha never noticed each other.
David and Martha played games and had fun.
David and Martha rode the same train to work.
David and Martha shared a table.
David and Martha talked about their hiking journey.
David and Martha talked about their work and aspirations.
David and Martha traveled back home on the same train.
David and Martha went to the lake.
David and Martha were forced to live under one roof.
David and Martha were showering together.
David and Martha were sitting in the living room, talking and laughing.
David and Martha were together for four years until last year, when he broke up with her.
David and Martha's conversation turned into an argument.
David and Martha's conversation was interrupted by the doctor.
David and Rima organized a party for Walid.
David and Ruth intend to circumcise their newborn.
David and Walid almost got into a fight.
David and his friends are going out on a picnic.
David answered honestly.
David answered the questions fluently.
David anxiously put his things into the taxi and left.
David apologized for his blunder.
David apologized for leaving Amanda without dinner.
David apologized to the teacher for lying.
David appeared on our doorstep with tears in his eyes.
David approached the safe.
David arrived at the restaurant.
David asked Amanda for the picture so that he could show it to his parents.
David asked Amanda to give Walid that letter.
David asked Amanda to make him a cool costume.
David asked Martha about the panic attack she had.
David asked Martha out for drinks.
David asked Martha to come back to him.
David asked Martha to define herself with one word.
David asked Martha to describe how she has been feeling lately.
David asked Martha to get everybody.
David asked Martha to join him in sweeping the room.
David asked Martha to meet him alone.
David asked Martha to put Walid on the phone.
David asked Martha to visit his office in Algiers.
David asked Martha what kind of sandwiches Amanda liked.
David asked everyone for a moment of attention.
David asked for a promotion.
David asked for carrot juice.
David asked us to wait for him for a minute.
David ate a lot of things.
David ate fast food.
David awkwardly excused himself from the situation.
David bandaged the dog's paw.
David basked in the sun, enjoying the view.
David became Amanda's basketball coach.
David became a very good friend of mine.
David became to take care of Amanda.
David became world-famous.
David befriended the Smiths.
David began to make progress.
David believed in those rumors.
David bid Martha goodnight, leaving her speechless.
David blamed himself for what happened to Martha.
David blocked Amanda's way.
David borrowed money to build a new home.
David bought Amanda a bunch of expensive clothes.
David bought those pills.
David broke into houses.
David broke up his engagement with Martha and left town.
David broke up with Amanda first thing in the morning.
David brought Amanda to the clinic.
David brought flowers for his mom.
David built a gazebo for Martha.
David burst into tears again.
David burst into tears and ran away.
David called Amanda a bore.
David called Amanda to his study for a serious talk.
David called Dad right away.
David called Martha funny names.
David called Martha whenever he got time.
David called Martha who was in the hospital.
David calls his dad "abba."
David calmed down a little.
David came a took the chair.
David came back home in a terrible mood.
David came back to class.
David came back with a picture and handed it to Amanda.
David came back, irritated as hell.
David came out of the dark place he was in.
David came out of the principal's office with a satisfied face.
David came running to Amanda's screams.
David came to Amanda's classroom.
David came to Amanda's room and started threatening her.
David came to school feeling upset.
David came to see Martha in that room.
David came to the tea party.
David came up to Amanda again.
David can get the party started.
David can have a little fun.
David can help Martha sleep well.
David can kiss that scholarship goodbye.
David can only meet Barbara twice a week.
David can pass the fourth test.
David can see us in real time.
David can speak French fluently.
David can wear whatever he wants to.
David can't be at home.
David can't continue to give makeup to Amanda.
David can't hire a lawyer.
David can't seem to find the right words.
David can't stand garlic.
David cannot give that to his children.
David can’t be at home.
David carefully took the key from around the guard's neck.
David categorically opposed Ann's proposal.
David caused nothing but trouble.
David changed his clothes and went downstairs.
David changed into a Santa Claus costume.
David changed the subject.
David checked all the missed calls on his phone.
David checked his phone and there was a voice message from Martha.
David chose to waste the money.
David climbed up the fire escape.
David collapsed to the floor. Amanda got so scared and shouted for Walid.
David comes from a very lovely family.
David comforted Martha by embracing her.
David completed his will.
David confessed everything to Martha last night.
David confiscated Martha's phone because she posted indecent pictures on her Instagram.
David considers himself an ex-Jew.
David constantly complained about his sore arm.
David continued shooting.
David convinced Amanda to visit Walid at the orphanage.
David could have come to meet Martha in Algiers if he wanted.
David could not believe how obnoxious Martha was.
David couldn't believe that he was going to have a brother.
David couldn't even rest at night.
David couldn't find the courage to do it.
David couldn't get two words out.
David couldn't seem to be able to take his eyes off Martha.
David couldn't stop admiring Martha.
David couldn't teach Rima Berber.
David couldn't tell Martha what he wanted.
David created a diorama with miniature British soldiers.
David cried a little while watching the movie.
David cried all night.
David cried for days.
David crossed all the boundaries and will be expelled from school.
David cursed the robots.
David cut off his long hair.
David decided he would completely change his look.
David decided he would fix everything.
David decided that he would just leave.
David decided to ask his dad for advice.
David decided to cook Amanda dinner.
David decided to do another genetic examination.
David decided to find a part-time job.
David decided to get a piercing.
David decided to get back at Amanda for telling about him to the principal.
David decided to have a serious talk with his parents.
David decided to sell off his cellphone.
David decided to sneak into the kitchen and find something delicious to eat.
David decided to take up another assignment.
David decided to tell the girls about his illness.
David decorated his mother's room with drawings and stickers.
David dedicated fourteen months of his life to Martha.
David defeats Goliath in court.
David definitely didn't expect Amanda's reaction.
David deserves to be happy and fall in love again.
David deserves to grow up with his parents.
David did a wonderful job.
David did something crazy.
David didn't believe any of that.
David didn't believe that right away.
David didn't even answer.
David didn't even bother to answer his phone.
David didn't even bother to study hard.
David didn't even deny that.
David didn't even have dinner and went to his room early.
David didn't even react when Amanda called his name.
David didn't even seem offended when Amanda insulted him.
David didn't even write that note.
David didn't expect them to make fun of him.
David didn't have any rich friends anymore.
David didn't have time to recover from that.
David didn't like it that Amanda had good things.
David didn't lock Amanda up.
David didn't seem to notice.
David didn't sleep a wink that night.
David didn't stay long in that paradise.
David didn't take care of his little sister.
David didn't talk much.
David didn't talk to Dad.
David didn't understand what happened himself.
David didn't want Amanda to get hurt.
David didn't want to listen to another lecture.
David didn't want to sleep there.
David didn't want to start a fight.
David didn't want to wake Martha up.
David disagrees with Amanda's conclusion.
David discussed this with his therapist.
David dived into activities that allowed him to discover his talents.
David does not agree with his father's methods.
David does not agree with that.
David doesn't have a final will.
David doesn't have a will.
David doesn't have neighbors.
David doesn't have to say anything. Aman da has already told me the truth.
David doesn't know if he feels depressed.
David doesn't let anybody from the family to go to that area.
David doesn't let his brother use his bike.
David doesn't need advice from Martha.
David doesn't shower with us.
David doesn't want to die in jail.
David doesn't want to forget Martha.
David dozed off a little.
David dragged himself to college.
David dragged himself to school.
David dressed up as Santa.
David dropped the cake.
David drove Martha to the beach.
David drove around the city.
David drove to the Grand Canyon all alone.
David dyed his hair blue.
David ended up in an orphanage.
David enjoys his family's silly traditions.
David escaped from the detention camp.
David even asked the girls to call him Grandpa.
David even left Martha a message.
David excused himself from the table.
David extended an invitation to Martha to join our table, but she declined.
David fears to cope.
David fell even more in love with Algerian music.
David felt bad about Amanda lying to him.
David felt like such a moron.
David felt so ashamed of himself.
David felt suffocated and walked out of the house to get some fresh air.
David felt terrible for Martha.
David filmed everything on video.
David finally decided to get out of bed.
David finally found a job as a manager at a small company.
David finished reading the girls the "Lord of the Rings" books.
David finished the model for the school project.
David fired both of them and its served them right.
David fixed the broken bicycle.
David folded paper airplanes.
David followed Amanda for some reason.
David followed his father's command.
David found an elegant suit for Walid.
David found his bed empty.
David found his friendship bracelet in the drawer and put it on.
David found his way back into Martha's life.
David found something else.
David found the results of the DNA test.
David founded a company and handed it over to Amanda.
David froze at the door.
David gave Amanda a ride home and then left.
David gave Amanda a ride home.
David gave Amanda a tour of the school.
David gave Amanda second-hand clothes.
David gave Martha some grumpy stares.
David gave us money so often.
David gets everything because of his father's money.
David gladly agreed to give Amanda piano lessons.
David goes after what he likes.
David got Amanda's foster parents to give her to him.
David got a brilliant idea.
David got a permanent job.
David got down on one knee and proposed to Martha.
David got even angrier.
David got furious and left.
David got his first salary and shared it with his parents.
David got into Amanda's room without being invited.
David got into a terrible car crash.
David got into basketball just like his dad.
David got mixed signals.
David got out of our way.
David got really angry.
David got so carried away that he didn't even notice the principal walking into the room.
David got some sandwiches from the club.
David got the job through his uncle.
David got tired of living with such an ungrateful drama queen.
David got tired of waiting for Martha and left the restaurant.
David got up and left.
David got used to doing things on his own.
David got very angry and grounded Amanda.
David got very lucky with his parents.
David grabbed Amanda and kissed her.
David grabbed a sauce jar.
David greedily snatched the bread out of Amanda's hands.
David grinned again.
David had a better future.
David had a black eye.
David had a bushy moustache.
David had a daughter he named Rima.
David had a difficult childhood.
David had a long talk with the doctor.
David had a lot of friends.
David had a low IQ.
David had a prestigious job.
David had a rough start in life.
David had a sense of deja vu.
David had a sense of déjà vu.
David had a very nice room.
David had his eyes on Amanda's mansion.
David had no choice but to follow Martha.
David had no idea if he got the scholarship.
David had no words.
David had the audacity to ask Martha out on a date.
David had the biggest crush on Amanda, which he didn't hide.
David had to be taken to hospital.
David had to be taken to the hospital.
David had to choose between his beloved pet and Amanda.
David had to get to the bottom of it.
David had to get to work.
David had to leave the cafe.
David had to pass four tests to join our gang.
David had to pull himself together.
David had zero skills.
David handed Amanda his console.
David handed Martha the ice cream she was looking for.
David hang out in the city until late in the evening.
David hardly sees Martha.
David has a beautiful daughter.
David has a confidence problem.
David has a curfew.
David has a keen interest in aesthetics â€” the qualities that make a painting, sculpture, musical composition, or poem pleasing to the eye, ear, or mind.
David has a keen interest in aesthetics — the qualities that make a painting, sculpture, musical composition, or poem pleasing to the eye, ear, or mind.
David has a permanent position.
David has a screwdriver in his car.
David has always been the center of attention.
David has autism.
David has been abandoned twice already.
David has been constantly ruminating about that.
David has been fighting all his life.
David has been growing his hair for years.
David has been in a coma for weeks now.
David has been living with no goals.
David has been sick for four years now.
David has been taking Amanda on rides.
David has been taking care of Martha all by himself.
David has drawn the attention of the entire cafe.
David has finally let Walid take his bike for a spin.
David has four new friends.
David has got that console from his parents.
David has gotten used to being abandoned.
David has grown tired of Amanda.
David has his family living close by.
David has just published a new book on philosophy.
David has lost everything again.
David has never had a steady job, but he's always managed to make ends meet.
David has never had a steady job. He has always lived by his wits.
David has never thought about leaving his brother in poverty.
David has only a couple of days left to live.
David has only known his brother a little while.
David has organized a book club in Algiers.
David has run out of his luck again.
David has so many friends that he can't even recall all their names.
David has so many friends that he can't remember all their names.
David has so many girlfriends that he can't remember all of their names.
David has so many girlfriends that he can’t remember all of their names.
David has taught Amanda a few things.
David has the skills to beat Amanda.
David has tickets to a soccer game.
David has to be away from Barbara.
David has to find a job himself.
David hasn't disclosed his illness to anyone.
David hasn't felt this good in a while.
David hasn't found a job yet.
David hasn't lived here very long.
David hates garlic.
David hates it when Martha does that.
David heard everything Martha had said to him.
David heard noise in the hallway.
David heard rumors that Amanda was sent to therapy.
David heard screams behind the mysterious door.
David heard some more curses from Dad before leaving.
David heard the girls sobbing.
David heard voices in the living room.
David held Barbara in his arms.
David helped Amanda befriend Rima.
David helped Martha remember Walid.
David helped Rima's disabled child become a person.
David hosted a party here in 2004.
David hugged Barbara tightly and didn't want to let go.
David hugged his parents and laughed.
David hurt a lot of people and now, everything is taking it out on him.
David ignored his dad and tried to go around, but he grabbed his shoulder.
David immediately let Amanda in.
David immediately wanted to punch Daniel.
David inspires others around him.
David instantly changed the subject.
David intended to ruin Amanda's party.
David introduced Amanda to the team.
David introduced Martha to his dog.
David invited Amanda and me out for a walk.
David invited Amanda and me to go for a walk.
David invited Amanda for tea.
David invited Amanda over and took care of her.
David invited Martha for a beer.
David is Barbara's defense attorney.
David is a Serbian citizen.
David is a culturally Jewish Buddhist.
David is a culturally Jewish atheist.
David is a good choice for Barbara.
David is a good person who always helps people in difficult situations.
David is a ladies' man.
David is a manwhore.
David is a perfectionist.
David is a real mad man and Amanda is afraid to live with him.
David is a sex worker.
David is a theater performer.
David is a womanizer.
David is about to lose his entire fortune.
David is allowed to go out.
David is at home.
David is blessed to live in an environment that fosters high self-esteem.
David is confusing Amanda's dad with someone else.
David is depressed and is seeing a therapist.
David is developing his company.
David is from the warehouse.
David is going to the doctor right now.
David is handsome.
David is hating seeing how close we are now.
David is just as slow as Rima.
David is just tired now.
David is married now and has a baby on the way.
David is mute.
David is needed here by his daughters.
David is not Amanda's type at all. He doesn't stand a chance.
David is not Medus' friend, for a good slave and a bad slave are not friends, but enemies.
David is not leaving without the console.
David is not ready to let Martha go yet.
David is not so sure which stuff to keep.
David is now married and resides in Algiers.
David is one of the weirdos.
David is our biggest fan.
David is out of the picture.
David is possessed by a dybbuk.
David is ruining his reputation by hanging out with Amanda.
David is rumored to be in the Kosher Nostra.
David is so handsome, but so stupid.
David is still talking to Amanda.
David is ten times more successful than Amanda now.
David is the kind of guy any woman wants.
David is the one Martha needed all her life.
David is the one who takes care of Barbara.
David is the subject of Amanda's book.
David is the town manager.
David is too much of a coward to talk to Martha.
David is too trashy for Amanda.
David is transgender and is on the road to transition.
David is very active.
David is visiting friends in the West Bank.
David is way too young to have to go through something like this.
David is working closely with the military.
David isn't a lunatic to see a therapist.
David isn't allowed to sit at the table looking like that.
David isn't into Amanda either.
David isn't so sure which items to keep.
David isn't sure what things to keep.
David joined the program.
David joined them, too.
David just acted rude again.
David just moved to Algiers.
David just needs his father's love.
David just wanted his dad.
David kept Amanda in the hospital for a whole month.
David kept asking what happened to his mom.
David kept missing classes.
David kept saying that all was OK.
David kicked Amanda's boyfriend's butt last week.
David killed Goliath with a sling.
David kind of resembled a Disney prince.
David kissed Amanda's hand and tipped his hat to Dad.
David knew Amanda hard run away.
David knew Amanda's mother before she married her dad.
David knew and didn't tell Amanda.
David knew he wouldn't be able to give Barbara the love that she enjoyed with her mother.
David knew how stubborn Amanda was.
David knocked on Amanda's door and walked in.
David knows he's talented.
David knows his customers and their tastes.
David knows what to sell and how to sell.
David left Martha crying out of guilt.
David left for work the next day.
David left smudges on the poster.
David lept on to Amanda, but he pushed her away.
David let go of Amanda.
David let his children choose what they wanted to be.
David liked one of Martha's articles.
David liked the villains and wanted to be like them.
David liked to go to the roofs of tall buildings and hang out there.
David likes being alone.
David lived in poverty for a long time.
David locked Amanda in a room and took the key with him.
David locked Amanda on the roof.
David locked himself in an office.
David looked at Amanda accusatorily.
David looked at Amanda and burst out laughing.
David looked into Amanda's room and scared her.
David looked like he had come from the previous century.
David looked like he had just come back from a Halloween party.
David looked like he was looking for something.
David looked really creepy.
David lost his temper.
David loved living in Amanda's mansion.
David lowered his eyes.
David made Amanda feel bad about herself.
David made Amanda miserable in school.
David made a big deal that fell through.
David made a rock band.
David made a welcome speech.
David made the costume for a school play.
David madly knocked on Martha's door.
David met Doctor Smith.
David met Martha's parents that night.
David met his daughter.
David missed his cozy room.
David motioned with his hand, repeating "puff-puff, pass, bitch."
David moved further away.
David moved to another city.
David moved to the next chair.
David must be in his early forties.
David must be tired from the road.
David must have met some other Amanda.
David named his secret island "Martha."
David needed to wash the dishes.
David needs to close his eyes whenever he feels scared.
David needs to comprehend the problem.
David needs to find Dad somehow.
David needs to focus on meaning over perfectionism.
David needs to focus on what he can change.
David needs to grow up.
David needs to learn basketball first.
David needs to learn music notation.
David needs to overcome perfectionism.
David needs to swallow his pride.
David needs to talk to people.
David needs to use those terrible rumors to his advantage.
David never felt guilty.
David never forgave his grandfather.
David never knew that Martha was the one for him.
David nodded in agreement.
David nodded, scared.
David often calls himself a "Jewddhist" to groans from those around him.
David often made mistakes.
David often played on the swings in the front yard.
David only came to the cafe to provoke Amanda.
David only saw notebooks and texts books in Amanda's office.
David only wants Martha to leave.
David opened his eyes and said he was OK.
David opened the app anyway.
David opened the box and found all the letters he had written to Martha.
David opened the lock on the piano.
David opened the window to talk to Amanda.
David ordered an ordinary ham sandwich.
David overcame his stress.
David panicked and fainted.
David passed the fourth test.
David peacefully passed on the beach.
David personally checked every document.
David picked up the shards of glass.
David pierced Amanda's nose.
David played piano for the guests.
David posted the video online.
David practiced day and night till his body was sore.
David presented his research findings to Martha's CEO.
David pretended like he was enjoying that.
David pretended to be a homeless guy.
David probably followed Amanda.
David proceeded to the next question.
David promised he would take Amanda for a ride.
David promised to return soon.
David protects his old piano assiduously.
David provided Martha with some words of wisdom.
David pulled a prank on Martha.
David pulled out a seat for himself to sit.
David pulled up his sleeve and showed the friendship bracelet to Amanda.
David pursed his lips and said: "This isn't very much."
David put a record on and sat on the couch.
David put a stone on Ruth's grave.
David put another chair on the porch just for Martha.
David put garlic in Amanda's food.
David put something in Amanda's tea.
David put the puppies up for adoption.
David put up a fake smile.
David puts himself down every day.
David quickly hid under the bed.
David ran a center for genetic examinations.
David ran into Amanda and her friends. They started to pick on him.
David ran into Amanda at the exhibition.
David ran out into the hallway.
David ran to the swings.
David reached Martha's doorstep and she let him in.
David reached his patience limit.
David read to Martha in different English accents, making her laugh.
David realized he had gone too far and hurt Amanda really bad.
David realized that Amanda wouldn't be coming back.
David realized that his father was not normal.
David realized that his parents didn't love him.
David really thinks he could do something with this.
David received Walid and his wife, Martha.
David regained his spirit.
David remained on the platform while the train was in sight.
David remembered Amanda existed.
David resides in Algiers.
David responded to many ads but no one would hire him.
David roasted a succulent turkey.
David ruined Amanda's new shoes.
David said he would figure something out.
David said his puppies were fine.
David said something that unnerved me.
David sat down at that table.
David sat down right where he was standing.
David sat inside the church.
David sat on the swing.
David sat right behind Amanda.
David sat under the gazebo Martha had built for him.
David saw Amanda and Walid outside a cafe.
David saw Amanda and almost burst into tears.
David saw Amanda hanging around Walid's table.
David saw Amanda near the school.
David saw Amanda walking out of the gym.
David saw Daniel terrorizing children again.
David saw Martha and four other friends in the park.
David saw Martha crying last night.
David saw a man at Martha's place yesterday.
David saw a nice elderly couple at the gate.
David saw his parents being kicked out of their house.
David saw the birds flying.
David screwed up again.
David search Amanda's things but didn't find anything interesting.
David searched for Martha like crazy.
David seemed nice and Amanda looked friendly.
David seemed to feel sorry for Amanda.
David seemed to have finally made it.
David seemed very confident.
David seems familiar to me. Where could we have met before?
David set the table.
David set up a small company.
David shot arrows.
David should have given Amanda the money.
David should have let Amanda out.
David should join social media.
David should seek help from a therapist.
David should sit down.
David shouldn't let Martha's memory burden him.
David shouldn't miss this opportunity.
David showed Amanda and Walid the video.
David showed Amanda her new room.
David showed Amanda social networks.
David showed Amanda the money.
David showed Martha something he had not shown anyone.
David showed the results of a genetic examination of Amanda.
David showed the sadness he had been carrying within.
David showed up at the clinic with a basket. He wanted to put his puppies up for adoption.
David skipped college again.
David slept for most of the day.
David snuck out of his room again to find his phone and get it back.
David softened up a bit.
David soon managed to catch up to us.
David spent all day working on his designs.
David spent all his free time with Amanda.
David spent hours practicing cycling.
David spent several hours in the diner, harassing the waitress.
David spoilt his son.
David spotted Martha at the carnival.
David spotted Martha in the church.
David squinted at Amanda's portrait and burst out laughing.
David stared at Amanda creepily.
David stared at me in shock.
David started at Amanda with death in his eyes.
David started bringing Amanda small gifts.
David started building his house.
David started coming to the cafe every day.
David started doubting himself.
David started driving back home.
David started driving through the streets again.
David started everything from scratch.
David started going to parties.
David started looking for witnesses.
David started packing his things with enthusiasm.
David started pressuring Amanda.
David started rebuilding.
David started telling his jokes.
David started to hit on Amanda's friends.
David started to live in the mansion.
David stayed distracted.
David stayed mad at Amanda for a bit.
David stayed on his porch.
David still got mad whenever he saw Amanda in a miniskirt.
David still hasn't processed everything yet.
David still hasn't returned home?
David stole Walid's Air Jordans.
David stole my wallet and I wanted it back.
David stomped his feet and left.
David stopped Martha from saying too much.
David stopped paying any attention to Amanda.
David studied at music college.
David studies the majestic world of moths and butterflies.
David suddenly felt dizzy and collapse.
David suddenly looked at Amanda.
David suffered ridicule.
David suggested Martha another sauce.
David suggested we prank the new teacher.
David surpassed his teachers.
David taught Amanda everything she knew.
David teased Martha about it.
David tells me that you're leaving.
David tells me that you’re leaving.
David thanked Martha for all that she was doing.
David thinks he's so important. He always looks down on the other people in his office.
David thinks he’s so important. He always looks down on the other people in his office.
David thought Amanda had just had a nightmare.
David thought Barbara had forgotten him.
David thought about all the good times.
David thought that would piss Amanda off.
David threw a party outside his house.
David threw the pencils away.
David thrust the cat into Martha's arms.
David told Martha about his disturbed sleep pattern.
David told Martha about his favorite memory in Algeria.
David told Martha she was not invited.
David told Martha to talk to a therapist.
David told everyone at school about the haunted mansion.
David told the maid what he had seen, but she just shrugged nonchalantly.
David took Amanda to her new room.
David took Walid's bike without permission.
David took a crumpled piece of paper out of his pocket, unfolded it and gave it to Amanda.
David took a loan to refurbish his home.
David took care of Martha from bathing her to giving her medicines.
David took care of his daughters.
David took his daughters away.
David took off his helmet.
David took our order.
David took over as the team captain.
David took the bus to the orphanage.
David took the girls to meet their mom at the airport.
David took the pills and lied down to sleep.
David totally avoided Amanda's calls.
David treated Amanda so terribly.
David tried hard to suppress his laughter.
David tried my stew and immediately spat it on the table.
David tried to avoid Amanda at school.
David tried to control Amanda's every step.
David tried to ease the situation.
David tried to hold back his laughter.
David tried to hug Amanda.
David tried to keep acting the same way for a while, but he was expelled from school.
David tried to save money, but failed terribly.
David tried to study hard.
David tried very hard to make Amanda happy and she liked the attention.
David tripped and dropped the cake.
David turned around and ran off somewhere.
David turned around and saw Amanda being kicked out of the club.
David turned on rock music at full volume.
David turned on the Bluetooth speaker.
David turned on the lights and saw Amanda.
David turned out to be Martha's biggest support.
David turned out to be a pretty interesting guy.
David turns to the Internet to answer all his questions.
David understands how Amanda feels.
David understood what was happening.
David used to be a basketball player for the Algerian national team.
David visited a psychotherapist.
David waited for Martha to wake up.
David walked by himself.
David walked into Amanda's room, stunned.
David walked into the diner.
David walked into the living room.
David walked over to introduce himself.
David wandered among the guests.
David wanted Amanda to work.
David wanted Martha to know about his island.
David wanted blue hair.
David wanted his daughters to be mentally prepared for what was coming.
David wanted to ask Amanda about vitiligo.
David wanted to befriend Amanda.
David wanted to bother Martha some more.
David wanted to build a career.
David wanted to create a perfect life for himself.
David wanted to figure out where Amanda was hiding his mother's portrait.
David wanted to find out what was behind that mysterious door.
David wanted to get everybody to like him.
David wanted to get the portrait back.
David wanted to give Rima a surprise.
David wanted to increase his income.
David wanted to look cool.
David wanted to meet his idol.
David wanted to own a business.
David wanted to preserve the memories of our childhood.
David wanted to sing with Lady Gaga.
David wanted to slap the daylights out of Amanda.
David wanted to snap back at Amanda.
David wanted to take Amanda away from the orphanage.
David wanted to take Martha's pain away.
David wanted to take a closer look at everything.
David wanted to take a look around the mansion.
David wanted to thank the Smiths for their hospitality.
David wanted to warn Amanda but it was too late.
David wants Amanda to pay for what her dad did to his dad.
David wants a perfect life.
David wants the girls to learn how to do everything before he is gone.
David wants the scholarship.
David wants to go to a college, too.
David wants to improve his self-esteem.
David wants to make it work for the sake of his kids.
David wants to overcome his low self-esteem issues.
David wants to ruin Amanda's life.
David wants to sleep properly.
David wants to speak Berber more confidently.
David was Amanda's idol.
David was a person with low IQ.
David was a rich businessman.
David was a very tall kid and he loved and embraced his height.
David was able to find the box.
David was about to go to bed when the light suddenly lit up. It was his dad.
David was about to open the door when he heard heavy footsteps behind him.
David was acting according to the plan.
David was adopted by a couple that had no kids of their own.
David was afraid of germs.
David was allergic to dog hair.
David was also Martha's neighbor.
David was always too easy on Martha.
David was at the clinic.
David was at the entrance of a restaurant.
David was attacked by demons in the bathroom.
David was barely able to control his tears when he hugged Martha.
David was barely making any ends meet.
David was being carried somewhere.
David was being served an outstanding warrant.
David was beyond proud of himself.
David was blackmailing Amanda into dating him.
David was born with only one hand.
David was calling a woman from Algeria.
David was campaigning on the slogan of "Freedom and Peace."
David was carrying the chair somewhere.
David was chosen as the exchange student from our college.
David was considered to be a famous pianist.
David was constantly throwing fits.
David was covered in spots.
David was crushing on Martha.
David was crying so hard, he could barely breathe.
David was cycling down a slope.
David was definitely up to something.
David was doing magic.
David was dozing on the couch.
David was filming everything on his phone and live-streaming it to his followers.
David was fond of designing clothes.
David was getting ready to sleep.
David was getting the tattoo.
David was going through profiles on dating apps.
David was going to expose Amanda.
David was grieving alone.
David was half-dressed and half-asleep.
David was harassing younger students.
David was hiking alone.
David was holding a tool case.
David was in a club, dancing to music with friends.
David was in an exchange program for musically gifted students.
David was in for an unpleasant surprise.
David was in the salon.
David was irritated as it had been a long day.
David was just wiping the table.
David was left with nothing.
David was living well while Amanda was suffering.
David was living well.
David was lost in thoughts.
David was lying in his tent when Martha called him.
David was making things up.
David was more important to me than anything else.
David was much happier to see Amanda than the gifts.
David was never absent.
David was nice all the time.
David was not equipped to take care of Martha now as his health has deteriorated.
David was not going to stay in that basement his entire life.
David was not happy to see Martha.
David was not sure what to do.
David was not sure where Martha was going with that.
David was nowhere to be seen.
David was obsessed with cleanliness.
David was on his bed with his laptop.
David was on the toilet.
David was only having fun.
David was playing loud music.
David was playing with Amanda and Martha.
David was preparing for the arrival of Amanda and Walid.
David was preparing for the wedding without a worry in the world.
David was probably the only person happy to see Amanda.
David was raised by a mother with low IQ.
David was right about the Smiths.
David was rummaging through the bag.
David was rummaging through the fridge for his ice cream.
David was running short of money.
David was sedated and sleeping.
David was sent to Aunt Amanda's place.
David was sent to an orphanage.
David was sent to therapy.
David was shocked and desperately tried to justify his actions.
David was singing to sad music.
David was sitting at the piano.
David was sitting in a college cafe with his friends.
David was sitting in the cafeteria, watching his favorite YouTube videos.
David was sitting in the next room.
David was sitting on a bench next to Amanda.
David was sitting on his swing with Martha.
David was sitting with his family.
David was slow like Barbara.
David was so obsessed with his piano.
David was so overwhelmed with happiness.
David was so persistent and wanted to marry Martha.
David was so sick of Amanda.
David was so talented.
David was speechless when he saw Amanda.
David was speechless when he saw Martha sitting there, waiting for him.
David was standing about at the bus stop waiting for the bus which didn't come on Sundays.
David was standing there with a bandaged arm.
David was still condescending.
David was still stuck at work.
David was such a tyrant.
David was supposed to get a real tattoo.
David was sure Amanda was lying.
David was sure it was a joke.
David was surprised to discover that Walid was Martha's son.
David was surprised to learn that Amanda was related to the Smiths.
David was surprised to see Martha in the church.
David was taken away.
David was taking care of the girls.
David was taking the children's money.
David was talking to a local mad woman.
David was talking to his followers online.
David was terribly afraid of heights.
David was terrified of heights.
David was the best basketball player in town.
David was the hottest guy around.
David was the loudest one to cheer for Amanda.
David was the one to drag Amanda into the world of social media.
David was the one who arranged this little prank.
David was there and immediately intervened.
David was tired of fighting.
David was too busy with work.
David was torn between school and jobs.
David was touched by Amanda's story.
David was towering over them.
David was trying to reach Amanda.
David was under stress.
David was upset with compromising on his relationship with Martha.
David was upset, but didn't say anything.
David was very nervous for some reason.
David was very popular with girls.
David was waiting by the lockers when Amanda walked up to him.
David was waiting for Martha to say something.
David was waiting for Martha to speak.
David was waiting for the man to return.
David was walking down the hallway, smiling.
David was watching TV to get his mind off things.
David was wearing blue clothes.
David was wearing rags and smelt awful.
David was working at a cheap little diner.
David wasn't a good student.
David wasn't able to be a good father.
David wasn't able to say no.
David wasn't even supposed to be in Amanda's class.
David wasn't making any sense with his answers.
David wasn't my brother by blood.
David wasn't really that proud of it.
David wasn't supposed to use his phone there.
David wasn't surprised anymore.
David wasn't welcome there.
David watched Martha from his porch a few times.
David watched Martha intently.
David watched Martha walk away after she rejected him.
David watched the van move away and cried.
David weirdly felt disappointed.
David went alone to put an end to his life.
David went far and away in his quest for freedom.
David went for a walk with his dog.
David went for dinner.
David went hiking alone.
David went on a Tinder date with an ugly fat girl.
David went out for a walk.
David went out to hike.
David went right in.
David went to Amanda's place to check on her.
David went to a new school.
David went to bed hungry.
David went to buy some food.
David went to get the drinks.
David went to his last checkup.
David went to school with his dad.
David went to spend Christmas time with his family in the countryside.
David went to the fair.
David went to the swings.
David went to the tattoo parlor where his cousin worked.
David will be Amanda's teacher.
David will be the only friend Walid will be left with in the end.
David will become a relic of the past.
David will call Martha a million times if he has to.
David will completely forget about Amanda.
David will do whatever he wants.
David will end up losing everything.
David will fix the door.
David will get used to it.
David will have the opportunity to learn from a great maestro.
David will have to stay in the orphanage.
David will have to wear that from now on.
David will not be an absent father.
David will not flirt anymore.
David will not wake up again.
David will soon be leaving Martha forever.
David will tell his dad.
David withdrew into himself.
David woke up and didn't recognize his surroundings.
David won't follow us.
David won't have to wait long.
David worked as a manager at a sports equipment shop.
David worked his way through college.
David works hard to achieve his goals.
David works on that property.
David would be back home.
David would never write such creepy and cheesy things.
David would use the last of his money to move to a house by the ocean and relax.
David wouldn't be able to manage things.
David wouldn't have achieved that if it wasn't for his grueling training.
David wouldn't repeat that prank.
David writes exactly like that.
David wrote an article dedicated to Martha.
David wrote many letters to Barbara.
David's account was blocked.
David's article was published abroad.
David's bakery is opening tomorrow morning.
David's behavior made Amanda furious.
David's being nice all the time ruined his love life.
David's brakes weren't working.
David's cancer has spread everywhere and has become terminal.
David's care started to get to Amanda.
David's company stood afoot for a while, then failed.
David's company was doing just fine.
David's dad was a successful businessman.
David's dad was dating someone.
David's decision will affect every single person in his life.
David's dog broke off the leash.
David's dog got Martha's dog pregnant.
David's dog is having four puppies.
David's father cannot read.
David's father left him at birth.
David's father visited.
David's final look was amazing.
David's followers can't replace real friends.
David's foster mother handed him back over to the orphanage.
David's girlfriend was taller than him.
David's girlfriend was very tall.
David's heart rate dropped.
David's house resembled some ancient castle.
David's house stands on a hill.
David's loud music makes it hard for Martha to study.
David's mansion looked like a museum.
David's medicines may lead him to confusion.
David's mom is sick, too.
David's mom left him when he was a child.
David's neighbor came outside and said: "David is not home."
David's new hairstyle gave him confidence.
David's parents aren't Walid and Rima.
David's parents raised him like some old-fashioned aristocrat.
David's parents will certainly approve of Martha.
David's phone dropped from his hand.
David's presence is making Martha nervous.
David's puppies are OK.
David's puppies are alright.
David's pups were born.
David's questions stunned Amanda.
David's refusal broke Martha's heart.
David's sick, right?
David's tea spilled on Amanda's precious piano.
David's walls were covered in Walid's posters.
David's work is putting a strain on his relationship with Martha.
David, a friend who hails from Xiānggǎng, talks freely and wants to be more sexually adventurous. He is from an aristocratic family.
David, a white Australian, doesn't want to die in jail. Daniel, an aboriginal Australian, doesn't want to die in custody.
Davide the Italian, Jürgen the German, and I, who were Esperantists, met in Vietnamese and Chinese restaurants in Vancouver, BC. Talking to them improved my speaking Esperanto.
Davie Street in Vancouver, BC, is known as a gay hangout.
Davis did not want civil war.
Davis says that because the horses have been living wild on the island for several centuries, they have adapted to its environment and small food supply.
Davis wanted to share his concept and proselytize his ideas.
Davy Jones' locker.
Davy Keith seemed to be possessed with a passion for perpetual motion. It was beyond Marilla's power to make him sit still.
Davy dropped the caterpillar down Lauretta's neck.
Davy thrust his hand into his pocket and produced . . . a caterpillar, a furry, squirming caterpillar.
Davy was making mud pies behind the barn.
Davy winked at Anne, and then, leaning over the table, snatched Dora's first piece of cake, from which she had just taken one dainty little bite, out of her very fingers and, opening his mouth to the fullest extent, crammed the whole slice in.
Davy, a British chemist, isolated the pure elements barium, boron, calcium, magnesium, potassium, sodium and strontium, but we owe the discovery of metallic aluminium to Ørsted, a Danish physicist.
Dawn breaks earlier in summer than in winter.
Dawn breaks, which is no small thing.
Dawn came after six o'clock.
Dawn clears yesterday's dreams away.
Dawn has broken, wake up!
Dawn is about to break.
Dawn is coming.
Dawn is the only mission ever to orbit two extraterrestrial targets.
Dawn was already drawing near.
Dawn was breaking.
Dawn's dew evaporates in the mild sunbeams.
Dawn, to the poet Yeats, is "the brightening air."
Day after day I called on my sick friend.
Day after day I write to her.
Day after day the dog sat outside the station, waiting for its owner.
Day after day the tabloids titillated the public with lurid details about the president's marital infidelity.
Day after day the tabloids titillated the public with lurid details about the president’s marital infidelity.
Day after day, all over the world, millions of people die of hunger in the streets.
Day after day, the dog sat waiting for his master in front of the station.
Day alternates with night.
Day and night are the same length today.
Day and night become equal close to the date of the equinox on March 20th, marking the official start of spring.
Day and night come alternately.
Day and night have the same length today.
Day and night was I parched with heat, and with frost, and sleep departed from my eyes.
Day and night, they don't let anyone sleep.
Day began to break.
Day breaks.
Day by day and month by month, Internet technology is growing. Actually, make that second by second and minute by minute.
Day by day he seemed to get better.
Day by day it's getting better.
Day by day she became dearer to the prince; he loved her as one loves a good, sweet child, but it never entered his head to make her his queen.
Day by day she grew queerer and more irritable, and we had ceaseless rows about nothing.
Day by day the use of internet is increasing in Bangladesh.
Day by day, it gets hotter and hotter and I feel like I'll melt.
Day by day, it's hotter and hotter and it seems like I will melt.
Day by day, the Allies pushed the Germans back.
Day by day, things are getting better.
Day by day, vegetables are becoming more expensive.
Day four was very normal.
Day gives way to night.
Day in and day out he does nothing but tend to his sheep.
Day in and day out, he does nothing but tend his sheep.
Day in, day out the dog went to the station to wait for its master.
Day is already breaking outside.
Day is already dawning outside.
Day is breaking.
Day is dawning, and it'll soon be time to get up.
Day nurseries and day care centers are now closed.
Day will break soon.
Day will come, and there will be food.
Day-to-day tasks like reading a carton label or locating a dollar bill are now possible for the visually impaired.
Daybreak for Kabylity.
Daydreaming and twiddling his thumbs, Tom sat on the wall while Maria toiled in the garden.
Daydreaming is the moonlight of thought.
Daylight Savings Time starts on April third.
Daylight in the room was dwindling.
Daylight is slowly fading outside.
Daylight savings is over today.
Daylight was already streaming in through the window.
Days after, they met them in Paris.
Days are beginning to get shorter again.
Days are beginning to get shorter.
Days are getting longer.
Days are getting shorter and shorter.
Days are getting shorter.
Days are hot in summer.
Days are longer than nights.
Days are shorter in the winter.
Days are shorter in winter.
Days are starting to get shorter again.
Days are starting to get shorter.
Days can blend into one another.
Days fly by like the wind.
Days get longer by about 1.7 millisecond per century because the moon is slowing the Earth's rotation.
Days go by and still no sign of Tom.
Days go by, we remain just as we were.
Days keep passing.
Days like this make me wish I lived somewhere else.
Days pass by quickly when you're busy.
Days passed, the snake began to bite the shepherd's sheep, killing many of them.
Days turn into weeks before we realize it.
Days turned into weeks and weeks into months.
Days turned into weeks, weeks turned into months and, before we knew it, another year had passed.
Daytime serials were "soap operas," because manufacturers of laundry soap advertised there. Cowboy movies were "horse operas" by extension. Soap operas came to be called "soaps"; and horse operas, "oaters."
Dayxa is my sister-in-law.
Dayxa is my wife's sister.
Dazzle your eyes on this!
Dda Lounes is our emblematic figure.
Dda Lounes is our great symbol.
Dda Lounes is our major icon.
Dda Mezyan's children are starving.
Dda Muḥ still plows the land with oxen.
Dda Rachid's phone vibrated.
Ddaykha loves Akli.
Ddayxa and akli see each other riding in his car and taking her to school.
De Caro is serving a seven-year prison sentence in Italy for stealing about 4,000 ancient books and manuscripts from Italian libraries and private collections.
De-emphasize how "Pleasurable" the massages are, you make it sound like we're running a strip club.
DeBakey also pioneered the clearing of blocked arteries to the brain to prevent strokes, the bypassing of clogged coronary arteries to prevent heart attacks, and the repair of aortic aneurysms.
Dead animals have been found almost daily since a pipeline failed May 19, releasing thousands of gallons of crude oil into the ocean and beaches of central California.
Dead babies lay in the storeroom.
Dead birds started to fall from the sky and nobody knew why.
Dead bodies only start to smell after a few days.
Dead dogs can't bite.
Dead dogs cannot bite.
Dead dogs don't bite.
Dead dogs don’t bite.
Dead flies cause the ointment of the apothecary to send forth a stinking savour: likewise a small act of folly unto him that is esteemed for wisdom and honour.
Dead leaves always give up motion.
Dead leaves detach from their branches.
Dead men can accomplish nothing.
Dead men tell no tales.
Dead people are possessed by demons.
Dead pigs aren't afraid of boiling water.
Dead silence suddenly reigned in the hall.
Dead slow ahead!
Dead slow astern!
Dead tongues, Greek and Latin, have been revived to replenish our verbal population with the terms needed for the sciences.
Dead-end jobs are not only unlikely to be lucrative over the long haul, they're unlikely to provide much scope for talent.
Dead?
Deadly wildfires raged Monday at several sites in California, with authorities saying 31 people have been killed, while another 228 are missing.
Deadpool had me laughing till I almost wet myself.
Deaf people can converse in sign language.
Deaf people can talk in sign language.
Deaf people often talk to each other using sign language.
Deaf-mute people can use sign language to communicate.
Deaf-mute people talk using sign language.
Deal five cards to each player.
Deal in top of the line of goods.
Deal is in the southeast of England, about 110 kilometers away from London.
Deal me in.
Deal me out.
Deal not worth paper.
Deal out twenty-five cards in five rows, each containing five cards. The object is to compose the number fourteen with any two cards taken either from a perpendicular or from a horizontal row. The knave counts eleven, the queen twelve, and the king thirteen.
Deal the cards on the table, face down.
Deal the cards, Tom.
Deal the cards.
Deal us the cards.
Deal with Tom yourself.
Deal with a man as he deals with you.
Deal with him yourself.
Deal with it later.
Deal with it yourself.
Deal with it!
Deal with it.
Deal with them.
Deal with this.
Deal?
Dealing with AI-generated art, I cherish the notion that the AI functions like an oracle or a slot machine.
Dealing with Ziri was no picnic.
Dealing with office politics is a true nightmare.
Dealing with the families is difficult.
Dean can really put away the food.
Dean informed me that there had been a fresh terrorist bombing in California.
Dean of Harvard College Rakesh Kurana announced early Tuesday morning that all undergraduate students had to move out — belongings and all — by Sunday for the rest of the spring term and possibly into summer.
Dean really eats quite a lot, don't you think?
Dean really eats quite a lot, don’t you think?
Dear Americans, France is not a theme park.
Dear Americans, France is not an amusement park.
Dear Americans, the rest of the world is not an amusement park.
Dear Brothers and Sisters, Jesus Christ is risen! Love has triumphed over hatred, life has conquered death, light has dispelled the darkness!
Dear Cecil! I have no secrets from you.
Dear Diary,
Dear Doctor Tom, my boyfriend regularly meets a fellow student to study with her. I've told him it's fine, and promised not to get jealous. But now I am jealous. What should I do?
Dear God, people really find it difficult when they have to point out one thing or another about you, such as your attitudes or your appearance.
Dear Guests!
Dear Japanese people, please don't torture us with Japanese! Please, add translations in Esperanto to anime and manga.
Dear Mom, thanks for everything. You're the best! What'd we do without you?
Dear Mr. President, we were deeply shocked by the news of the devastating floods in the state of Texas, which have caused numerous casualties and destruction.
Dear Santa Claus: For Christmas I would like a girlfriend.
Dear Santa, I want a girlfriend for Christmas.
Dear Santa, this Christmas I want a girlfriend.
Dear Turkish-speaking friends, good morning to you all.
Dear Ursula,—There is a young man in Nemours who idolizes you. He cannot see you working at your window without emotions which prove to him that his love will last through life. This young man is gifted with an iron will and a spirit of perseverance which nothing can discourage. Receive his addresses favorably, for his intentions are pure, and he humbly asks your hand with a sincere desire to make you happy. His fortune, already suitable, is nothing to that which he will make for you when you are once his wife. You shall be received at court as the wife of a minister and one of the first ladies in the land.
Dear and most respected bookcase! I welcome your existence, which has for over one hundred years been devoted to the radiant ideals of goodness and justice.
Dear brothers and sisters!
Dear child, I would prefer that you not address me so informally.
Dear children have many names.
Dear children, always be honest!
Dear colleagues, due to unforeseen circumstances, I cannot be present at the presentation. Apologies for the inconvenience.
Dear comrades!
Dear customers, please have caution. The floor is very slippery.
Dear friend, did you receive my letter?
Dear friends!
Dear friends! I thank you for coming in spite of the ghastly weather.
Dear friends, although I was making every effort to write to you concerning our common salvation, I considered it a necessity to write to you to encourage you to contend for the faith delivered once and for all to the saints.
Dear friends, just say what you need!
Dear friends, many thanks for the birthday wishes.
Dear friends, thank you for the heartfelt letters!
Dear grandpa, remember that I had been so ill that I would die soon, and your brother, Doctor Henry, dead for so long, treated me, and I live because he was really a good doctor and a good and very kind man.
Dear heroes, I have taken over the Kingdom of Heaven. Heaven is now a permanent Hell!
Dear isn't always better than cheap.
Dear life, one day I'll leave you without my will.
Dear listeners, up next you'll hear the six o'clock news.
Dear me, I think I'm becoming a god.
Dear me, how times have changed!
Dear me, it doesn't seem a day since poor Matthew brought Anne herself home and everybody laughed at the idea of Marilla bringing up a child.
Dear me, it doesn't seem a day since poor Matthew brought Anne herself home and everybody laughed at the idea of Marilla bringing up a child. And now she has adopted twins. You're never safe from being surprised till you're dead.
Dear me, it's already almost half four!
Dear me, the milk's boiled over.
Dear me, what pretty dancing-shoes!
Dear mother, don't be hopeless.
Dear mother, why art thou so sad?
Dear native speakers. Please, assist me to compose an amount of sentences which describe a definite world. The world looks like this: 1. There is a red hard rough heavy box; 2. There is a green soft smooth light cube; 3. The box is bigger than the cube. Please, use the words from the list: Cube, green, soft, smooth, big, above, close, stand, fast, light, good; Box, red, hard, rough, small, under, far, move, slow, heavy, bad. Sentences can be of any length: from one word to 30 or more. Any suffix, prefix, conjunction, prepositions etc. can be used.
Dear parents, I want nothing less than your death.
Dear parents, I will send you straight to your deathbed.
Dear parents, I'm very sorry to announce that your time on Earth has come to an end.
Dear passengers! If you get on a means of transport and don't have a season ticket, punch a one-time ticket without waiting for the next station.
Dear passengers! If you get on a means of transport and don’t have a season ticket, punch a one-time ticket without waiting for the next station.
Dear passengers! The Minsk City Council and the Executive Committee of the City of Minsk cordially send their greetings on the occasion of the Nativity of Christ and the new year and wish you happiness, health and well-being.
Dear passengers, we now ask you to place your luggage under the seat in front of you, lift the table and backrest upright, lower the armrest, fasten your safety belt and open the window shutters.
Dear siblings!
Dear sir, let us kiss each other goodbye.
Dear woman, why do you involve me? Jesus replied.
Dear, don't worry. When you get back everything'll be done—the dishes, the ironing, everything... You won't have to do anything other than take a nice bath and slip yourself under the covers.
Dear, sweet, unforgettable childhood! Why does this irrevocable time, forever departed, seem brighter, more festive and richer than it actually was?
Dear, there is more to life than being obligated to form a family and raise children.
Dearest dad, I take this opportunity to wish you well on your journey to joining the world of the dead and I wish that you can have the smoothest journey to the other side of this world and that you'll have a safe journey to heaven.
Dearie me, the loo's blocked.
Death Note is my favorite anime.
Death Note is my favorite manga.
Death alone has no remedy.
Death always hangs over our heads and could abruptly change everything and make everything stop all at once.
Death and destruction will rain on you.
Death and grief are very serious topics.
Death and taxes are both unavoidable.
Death and vulgarity are the only two facts in the nineteenth century that one cannot explain away.
Death arrives uninvited.
Death before dishonor!
Death before dishonor.
Death can hit anyone at just any time, and it can takes away lives faster than you think.
Death can only be profitable: there's no need to eat, drink, pay taxes, offend people, and since a person lies in a grave for hundreds or thousands of years, if you count it up the profit turns out to be enormous.
Death can strike anytime and anywhere.
Death can't stand you.
Death cancels everything.
Death cannot stop true love, all it can do is delay it for a while.
Death causes me a lot of anxiety.
Death changes the way you feel and look at things. Our judgement has changed ever since.
Death comes as naturally as being born.
Death comes equally to us all, and makes us all equal when it comes.
Death comes in many guises, but the end result is always the same.
Death comes to all men.
Death did us part.
Death does not extinguish, it transforms; does not annihilate, it renews; does not divorce, it approaches.
Death doesn't ask for your permission. It takes your life away in just a matter of seconds.
Death doesn't choose anyone. It comes to everyone.
Death doesn't leave you with much of a choice when it takes your life away.
Death doesn't scare me.
Death doesn't surprise the wise man; he's always ready to leave.
Death doesn't understand jokes: people call for it, and it comes.
Death doesn’t exist.
Death ends man's finite existence.
Death ends man’s finite existence.
Death hangs over thee. While thou livest, while it is in thy power, be good.
Death has but sweetness for a Christian soul.
Death in no way differs from life.
Death is Nature's remedy for all things.
Death is a chimera: because while I exist, death does not exist; and when there is death, I no longer exist.
Death is a disgusting thing that nature has to hide, and it does it well.
Death is a general anaesthetic to spare you from eternity.
Death is a gentle reminder that we don't live forever.
Death is a great instructor.
Death is a kind of transfer as it were.
Death is a life lived. Life is a death that comes.
Death is a mysterious lady without compassion.
Death is a mysterious, merciless lady.
Death is a part of life.
Death is a right.
Death is a sad matter, but life goes on.
Death is a sensitive and controversial topic that one shouldn't be allowed to laugh on.
Death is already knocking on his door.
Death is always living among us at all times.
Death is an act of the heart.
Death is an important moment in a person's life.
Death is an integral part of life.
Death is an unavoidable aspect of life.
Death is as natural as being born.
Death is as natural as life itself.
Death is better than slavery.
Death is both the end and the beginning.
Death is but a horizon; and a horizon is nothing else that the boundary of our field of sight.
Death is certain to all, all shall die.
Death is certain to come to everybody.
Death is certain, but its time is not.
Death is certain, only the time is not certain.
Death is certain.
Death is common to all and inevitable for man.
Death is common to every age.
Death is constantly surrounding us.
Death is everyone's fate.
Death is everyone’s fate.
Death is final.
Death is going to catch up with all of us.
Death is guaranteed and irreversible.
Death is imminent.
Death is inescapable.
Death is inevitable and irreversible.
Death is inevitable.
Death is just a gate: when it shuts, another opens.
Death is just an unsolved technical problem.
Death is just around the corner and you can't walk away.
Death is just around the corner and you can’t walk away.
Death is just the beginning.
Death is just the most natural part of life.
Death is like a race in which everyone tries to finish last.
Death is like dreaming.
Death is much more alive than we think it is.
Death is natural.
Death is never a laughing matter.
Death is never a topic to make funny jokes about.
Death is never something to make jokes about.
Death is no laughing matter.
Death is no respecter of persons.
Death is no solution.
Death is not a trivial matter.
Death is not extinguishing the light; it is only putting out the lamp because the dawn has come.
Death is not the answer.
Death is not the end. There remains the litigation over the estate.
Death is not to be feared.
Death is often compared to sleep.
Death is one of two things. Either it is annihilation, and the dead have no consciousness of anything; or, as we are told, it is really a change: a migration of the soul from this place to another.
Death is only a horizon, and a horizon is nothing save the limit of our sight.
Death is only a horizon. And a horizon is just the edge of our field of view.
Death is part of life.
Death is permanent.
Death is preferable to dishonor.
Death is preferable to shame.
Death is preferable to such suffering.
Death is scary.
Death is seeking for his prey.
Death is similar to sleep.
Death is simply the end of life.
Death is something so serious that can't be jocked about.
Death is something that is unescapable.
Death is something that just happens naturally in life.
Death is something that we will all go through at some point in our lives.
Death is something that we're often discouraged to talk about or even think about, but I've realized that preparing for death is one of the most empowering things you can do. Thinking about death clarifies your life.
Death is something that you have absolutely no control over.
Death is surrounding all of us at all times.
Death is surrounding us at all times.
Death is symbolized as a figure in a black robe who carries a scythe.
Death is taking you as its next target, dear father and mother.
Death is terrible, but still more terrible is the feeling that you might live for ever and never die.
Death is the antithesis of life.
Death is the door that brings this mortal life that we have lived to an end and opens out to the eternal life to come.
Death is the end of all things.
Death is the end of life.
Death is the end of suffering.
Death is the end.
Death is the fate of all people.
Death is the grand leveller.
Death is the great equalizer.
Death is the great leveler.
Death is the irreversible loss of consciousness – the final faint, the ultimate eclipse.
Death is the most important moment in a person's life.
Death is the most natural part of life, there's nothing as natural as death itself.
Death is the only thing we haven't succeeded in completely vulgarizing.
Death is the only thing we haven’t succeeded in completely vulgarizing.
Death is the opium of losers.
Death is the opposite of life.
Death is the point at which you can't be alive again. You can't die and then come back to life. If you think that happened, you weren't really dead.
Death is the point at which you can’t be alive again. You can’t die and then come back to life. If you think that happened, you weren’t really dead.
Death is the possibility of the absolute impossibility of Dasein.
Death is the punishment that people like him deserve.
Death is the return of every living being – man, animal, or plant – to the place where it was before it was created.
Death is the separation of the soul and the body.
Death is the ugly fact which Nature has to hide and she hides it well.
Death is very likely the single best invention of life. It is life's change agent. It clears out the old to make place for the new.
Death is, so to speak, a kind of transfer.
Death isn't death, my friends! It's change!
Death isn't sad. What's sad is that most people don't live at all.
Death isn't something that can be belittled.
Death isn't something that can be discussed openly especially with close-minded people.
Death isn't something that can be laughed at by any means.
Death isn't something that can be laughed at.
Death isn't something you can discuss freely with close-minded people.
Death isn't something you can have any control over.
Death isn't strange.
Death isn't to be taken lightly by any means, it's a serious issue.
Death knows neither rich nor poor.
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal.
Death looked lovely in her beautiful face.
Death makes all equal.
Death marks the end of our existence.
Death means we stop living.
Death motivates me to live.
Death must be so beautiful. To lie in the soft brown earth, with the grasses waving above one's head, and listen to silence. To have no yesterday, and no tomorrow. To forget time, to forget life, to be at peace.
Death must be so beautiful. To lie in the soft brown earth, with the grasses waving above one's head, and listen to silence. To have no yesterday, and no tomorrow. To forget time, to forgive life, to be at peace.
Death must not scare us.
Death never surprises a wiseman: he is always ready to go.
Death occurred as a result of asphyxiation.
Death of the author is a way of analyzing literature, but is too often used as an excuse not to do so.
Death of the author isn't a theory of what you should spend your money on.
Death of the author means that the author's stated intentions are irrelevant when evaluating a work.
Death of the author or the intentional fallacy goes hand in hand with the affective fallacy, which says that a reader's emotional reaction to a book is not relevant unless backed by the text.
Death penalty has been restored in this country.
Death preferable to shame.
Death rained from the skies.
Death rates of people aged 25 to 34 shot up 20% between 2008 and 2016. Most of that increase was the result of rising suicides and drug overdoses.
Death reunited them.
Death seeks its prey.
Death seemed to be better than this task.
Death separated us.
Death shall come on swift wings to him that toucheth the tomb of the pharaoh.
Death should never be a laughing matter.
Death should never be a matter for laugh.
Death should never be a subject for laugh.
Death should never be laughed about.
Death should never be something to make jokes about.
Death should never become something to laugh about.
Death smiles at us all; all we can do is smile back.
Death solves all problems — no man, no problem.
Death solves all problems.
Death spares no one.
Death strike us when it has to strike.
Death surrounds us at all times.
Death take me.
Death to colonialism!
Death to flies!
Death to the invader!
Death to the king!
Death to the rebels!
Death was caused by a blow on the head.
Death was waiting to take Robert away at any moment.
Death when it comes will have no denial.
Death will call upon every one of us, someday.
Death will catch up with every one of us someday and it's better being unaware of the hour when it will strike.
Death will come sooner than you think for you.
Death will come to those who disturb the sleep of the pharaohs.
Death will fall upon every one of us someday.
Death will leave nobody behind.
Death will make everyone's life end in due time and when the right time comes for everyone of us.
Death will strike for each one of us and it will strike when it's supposed to.
Death will strike when it is supposed to for every life.
Death will take away everyone's lives someday.
Death will take everyone's lives away at some point.
Death will take everyone's lives away someday.
Death won't ask for your permission to take your life away.
Death won't even ask for your permission before it takes you away from the face of the Earth.
Death won't give you much of a choice when it overtakes you.
Death won't let you choose the hour of your departure from the surface of the Earth, when it has to happen, it simply does.
Death won't let you have a final word when it takes over you.
Death won't let you have a say in the matter when it comes to take your life away.
Death won't let you have the final word.
Death won't spare all of us.
Death won't spare any of us, death will make us all disappear from the face of the earth.
Death won't spare anyone in this life.
Death won't take a sacrificed child.
Death's looking sweeter by the day.
Death, in whatever form, is repulsive.
Deaths from drug overdoses are increasing.
Debate is an academic game between the affirmative and the negative.
Debate me!
Debates can clarify our beliefs and values.
Debates can improve our grasp of issues.
Debates convince, but do not prove.
Debauchery is becoming the norm in modern life.
Debbie! Can you hear me?
Debbie! Do you hear me?
Debbie, is your school near here?
Debit Mr Hill with $100.
Deborah's son shaves.
Debris flew everywhere.
Debris littered the streets.
Debris was cleared away.
Debris was everywhere.
Debt can ruin your life.
Debt keeps piling up.
Debtors are people who cannot re-pay money they owe.
Debts must be repaid.
Debugging isn't Tom's strong suit.
Debussy often makes use of the whole tone scale in his music.
Debussy's Prelude to the Afternoon of a Faun and the poem which it is based on share a dreamy, ethereal, but nonetheless passionate feel.
Debussy's music makes heavy use of extended chords.
Debussy’s Prelude to the Afternoon of a Fawn and the poem which it is based on share a dreamy, ethereal, but nonetheless passionate feel.
Decades ago, people handed out homemade treats, but today’s parents worry about such offerings since they are more easily tampered with than store-bought candy.
Decades of research have demonstrated that beating children is both ineffective and extremely psychologically damaging.
Decades of research have shown again and again that the best thing for the mental health of trans people is being accepted as their gender.
Decaf coffee doesn't taste like anything.
Decaf doesn't taste the same as regular coffee.
Deceive me once, and I will forgive you; deceive me twice, and you're a double-crosser.
Deceive me once, and I will forgive you; deceive me twice, and you’re a double-crosser.
Deceive me.
Deceiving others. That is what the world calls a romance.
Deceiving your colleagues isn't good.
December 18, 2013, was the 149th anniversary of the abolition of slavery in the United States.
December 1st is World AIDS Day.
December 24th is Christmas Eve.
December 3 is the International Day of Persons with Disabilities.
December 31 is New Year's Eve.
December has long nights and short days.
December has thirty-one days.
December is my favorite month of the year.
December is the final month of the year.
December is the last month of a year.
December is the last month of the secular calendar.
December is the last month of the year.
December is the last month.
December is the month of Hanukkah.
December is the nicest month of the year because the whole family comes home for Christmas.
December is the twelfth month of the year.
December used to be the tenth month.
Decency, security, and liberty alike demand that government officials shall be subjected to the same rules of conduct that are commands to the citizen.
Decentralization would allow local authorities in Algeria to make decisions that are better suited to their communities' needs and preferences.
Decentralized energy may make the widespread use of renewable energy a real possibility.
Deception is a muzzle.
Deception is common among them.
Deception was deeply rooted in the character of the mustachioed captain.
Decide already!
Decide for yourself what you think is normal.
Decide for yourself.
Decide how much you want.
Decide if being formal or informal before starting to write.
Decide the register.
Decide what time you wish to stay up in the morning.
Deciding can be complicated at times.
Deciding what not to do is as important as deciding what to do.
Deciding what to do was difficult.
Deciding what to do was hard.
Deciding what to say at her funeral was the hardest thing he'd ever done.
Deciduous trees shed their leaves in autumn.
Decision choices about where we need to focus are going to be completely divorced from reality.
Decision makers need to like you.
Decision to disallow Medicaid for second cochlea implant withdrawn.
Decision-makers need to know you.
Decision-making is often driven by personal agendas rather than the common good.
Decisions are made by those who show up.
Decisions can feel so overwhelming at times.
Decisions made today determine risk exposure for current and future generations and will either broaden or limit options to reduce the negative consequences of climate change.
Decisions once easy now paralyze me with indecision.
Deckchair lounging is also very keenly taken up.
Declarations of variables are extremely important in C and C++.
Declare it clearly to Clara.
Declare your position in a debate.
Declaring an official language can end up marginalizing all others.
Declaring war after a surprise attack is to be expected, but killing over ten thousand non-combatants with a bomb is something unheard of.
Declawing cats is forbidden in the European Union.
Declawing is not recommended to prevent cat scratch disease.
Declining estrogen levels can lead to thinning of the vaginal walls.
Decolonial writer Albert Memmi said that the term "Arab Jew" was a fiction, although many Mizrahim would have liked to be Arab Jews before their expulsion.
Decolonization efforts are essential to rectify historical injustices.
Decolonization is, first and foremost, the physical return of land and property to the colonized.
Decommissioning is expected to take 40 years and $15 billion, plus the unknown cost of disposing of the plant's radioactive waste.
Decompression sickness, or "the bends," is a buildup of nitrogen bubbles in the bloodstream and other areas of the body.
Decorated and respected New York City police detective Vincent LaMarca has come a long way since his troubled childhood in Long Beach, an oceanfront community not far from the city.
Decorated with blue and yellow stripes, the tie was very unfashionable.
Decorated with blue and yellow strips, the tie was very unfashionable.
Decorating isn't really my thing.
Decreases in carbonate ions can make building and maintaining shells and other calcium carbonate structures difficult for calcifying organisms such as oysters, clams, sea urchins, shallow water corals, deep sea corals, and calcareous plankton.
Dedicate this phrase to your best friends.
Dedicated to my late father.
Deeds are better than words.
Deeds, not words.
Deem not life a thing of consequence. For look at the yawning void of the future, and at that other limitless space, the past.
Deep Blue beat chess grandmaster Gary Kasparov in 1997.
Deep Blue, a supercomputer created by IBM in the nineties to play chess at the highest level, was retired (destroyed?) after the second match, played in 1997, against Grandmaster Garry Kasparov. Much controversy still exists around these historical matches.
Deep Impact principal investigator Mike A'Hearn says the material released by the impact may offer clues as to the formation of the solar system four-and-a-half billion years ago.
Deep down I always knew that you were doing it for my sake.
Deep down I was delighted.
Deep down Tom is a good guy.
Deep down he doesn't give a shit.
Deep down, I know that I will get married with a Pisces man over the course of my life.
Deep down, I know very well that it's not right.
Deep down, I was finding the situation incredibly sketchy.
Deep down, I’ve always cared for you.
Deep down, Tom probably knows Mary doesn't really love him.
Deep down, Tom probably knows that Mary doesn't really love him.
Deep down, Tom thought his mother was the type of person who could've done it.
Deep down, Ziri didn't believe that.
Deep down, Ziri envied Rima.
Deep down, Ziri knew that Rima was interested in him.
Deep down, Ziri knew the truth.
Deep down, cats are still wild animals.
Deep down, everyone is rich and beautiful, but we don't know how to express it!
Deep down, he is an honest man.
Deep down, you know what you have to do.
Deep fry everything.
Deep in conversation with friends, I completely lost track of time and forgot about the lonely tract of woodland I was afraid to walk through in the dark.
Deep in the woods, Ziri found a woman. She was passed out and naked.
Deep in this forest, as the stepmother well knew, there was a green lawn and on the lawn stood a miserable little hut on hens' legs, where lived a certain Baba Yaga, an old witch grandmother.
Deep in your heart you feel the need to explore the world.
Deep inside your heart, nurture benevolence for everything that exists!
Deep inside, Leonid was broken.
Deep laughter brings tears.
Deep learning is a subarea of machine learning, which in turn is a subarea of artificial intelligence (AI).
Deep sea corals face a multitude of threats, including illegal harvesting, drag-net style commercial fishing, climate change, human pollution and acidification from accumulated carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
Deep water fish never see the light and live all their lives from the scraps that come from above.
Deep-fried dishes are bad for your health.
Deep-fried food is delicious.
Deep-sea fish often look ugly, but they taste good.
Deep-seated preferences cannot be argued about â€” you cannot argue a man into liking a glass of beer...
Deep-seated preferences cannot be argued about — you cannot argue a man into liking a glass of beer...
DeepSeek is quite the special thing within the A.I. world.
Deepavali is a Hindu religious festival of lights.
Deeper into the eerie room the party went with hopes of gold and plunder.
Deeply held feelings about one’s home may be rooted in America’s homesteading, pioneering past.
Deeply involved in the construction of a united Europe, Giscard d’Estaing expressed sadness at the announcement of a Brexit.
Deeply moved, he tried to express his thanks.
Deer are almost extinct in Algeria.
Deer are beautiful creatures.
Deer are fairly intelligent.
Deer are good game.
Deer are ruminants.
Deer are shy animals.
Deer are so beautiful.
Deer are the best thing to ever grace this planet.
Deer are very good swimmers.
Deer feed on grass and leaves.
Deer graze on grasses.
Deer remember faces.
Deer tracks are easy to identify.
Deer were once the main game.
Defeat Tom!
Defeat and failure make people too humble.
Defeat him.
Defeated revolutions are forgotten quickly.
Defeated, the ex-champion fell into the abyss of despair.
Defence alliances are an essential part of German security policy.
Defend Algeria.
Defend Taiwan!
Defend her from danger.
Defend our country, Algeria.
Defend the Church.
Defend the church.
Defend the citadel!
Defend the vulnerable.
Defend your ideas at all costs.
Defend yourself as best you can.
Defend yourself!
Defend yourself.
Defend yourselves!
Defend yourselves.
Defending such a long border is a difficult task to accomplish.
Defending their land has now become a sin?
Defenestrate your clock to see how time flies.
Defenestration is a common method of murder in Russia.
Defense chiefs from 10 East African countries have pledged a total of 5,000 troops to a new regional standby force for deployment by December.
Defense is another matter.
Defense lawyers appealed for mercy.
Defense wins championships.
Defense! Go team! Stop 'em!
Defensive driving can help you avoid accidents.
Define "good."
Define "justice".
Define evolution.
Define for me stupidity!
Define quality.
Defining a problem goes halfway to solving it.
Definitely I stopped reading what he writes, because I don't want to unlearn interlingua.
Definitely check this out.
Definitely try this.
Definitely!
Definitely, I really can't live without it anymore.
Definitely.
Deflation is almost always bad.
Deflect any question related to your personal life.
Defoe praised the preparatory work by London's mayor and the city's councilmen, as well as the College of Physicians, in their efforts to contain the plague.
Deforestation and poor irrigation practices can lead to irreversible desertification.
Deforestation has led to extreme soil degradation in this area of Algeria.
Deforestation has wiped out 8% of the Amazon rainforest in just 18 years, according to a study released Tuesday.
Deforestation is a major concern for Algeria.
Deforestation is destroying ecosystems and causing the loss of biodiversity.
Defrost the meat before cooking it.
Defund the police.
Defy authority!
Defy convention.
Defy the system!
Defying gray skies, the participants, many on bicycles, brought placards and banners to a rally near the iconic Brandenburg Gate.
Defying the prognosis, the patient survived.
Degas was born more than 150 years ago.
Deglutition is just a fancy word for swallowing.
Degrowth is not primitivism.
Degus make lovely pets: they are diurnal and hence are awake when you are.
Dehbya wiped the tears from her eyes, turned to Muqran and said, "Muqran, I love you too."
Dehumanization and racism corrode the moral fabric of society.
Dehumanizing and racist statements can't be tolerated in any context.
Deirdre Carney suspected she might have COVID-19 when her temperature began to fluctuate above the normal 37 degrees Celsius.
Deirdre thought that the stars had aligned themselves in her favour when she inherited millions from her grandfather.
Dejected, Lucas kept his eyes pinned to the floor, never once looking up.
Del Potro missed a backhand long at break point.
Delay, deny, and depose.
Delaying study incurs the risk of great effort with little success.
Delays in deliveries are occurring due to accumulated snow.
Delays should be expected.
Delectable odors of ham and toast pervaded the air.
Delegates at a U.N. wildlife conference in Geneva voted Sunday to ban the practice of taking baby elephants from their natural habitat and placing them in zoos and circuses.
Delegates debated the compromise for many days.
Delegates from 18 spacefaring countries, the European Space Agency, and the European Commission held an unprecedented meeting in Washington this week to discuss ways of cooperating with the new space exploration program on which the United States is embarking.
Delegates from many countries participated in the conference.
Delegates from many countries took part in this conference.
Delegates voted over and over again.
Delegations from the two countries met in Geneva.
Delete Tom's name from the list.
Delete all the messages I sent you.
Delete all the messages I sent.
Delete his name from the list of the applicants.
Delete his name from the list.
Delete it!
Delete multiple objects.
Delete my account and stop sending me emails.
Delete selected items.
Delete that picture.
Delete the comment, please.
Delete the photos the day after tomorrow.
Delete the states that are not part of it.
Delete them.
Delete this comment.
Delete this sentence.
Delete this, please.
Delete this.
Delete unnecessary files to free up storage.
Delete your account.
Delete.
Delete?
Deleted.
Deleting comments that are no longer relevant is not transparent.
Delhi has one of the oldest bazaars in India.
Delhi's much hotter than London.
Delia and Syra are two slave girls.
Deliberate fraud in science needs to be distinguished from well-meaning questionable research practices.
Deliberations will continue Monday.
Delicious food awakens the appetite.
Delicious looking food doesn't necessarily taste good.
Delicious looking food doesn’t necessarily taste good.
Delicious refreshments were served.
Delicious!
Delicious.
Delight is the opposite of sorrow.
Delighted to make your acquaintance.
Delighted to meet you, ma'am.
Delighted to meet you, sir.
Delighted to meet you.
Delilah asked Samson: "Tell me, where do you get your power?"
Delilah asked Samson: "Tell me, where do you get your strength?"
Delilah said to Samson, Tell me, I pray thee, wherein thy great strength.
Delirium of one person is called madness. Delirium of thousands of people is called religion.
Deliver this message.
Deliver us from evil.
Deliveries will continue as usual.
Delivery came today by a ferry.
Delivery drivers are more likely to die on the job than police.
Delivery is not included in the price.
Delivery is six weeks.
Delivery isn't included in the price.
Delivery men weave between cars on their scooters, carrying meals that are still warm.
Delivery of goods occurs a month after the order is placed.
Delivery of the materials took two whole months so it will be late for the 12th of December.
Delivery will take 5 business days.
Delmonico’s defined what elegant food was in the 19th century United States, and that has influenced, to some extent, the food that is eaten today.
Delmonico’s, America’s very first restaurant, is also one of its most influential, according to Yale University history professor Paul Freedman.
Delphi is also a small town.
Delta Scuti stars pulsate in interesting ways.
Deltiologists collect postcards.
Deluded by the imprudent language of my looks, she surrendered to the sweet belief that she was the idol of these looks.
Delusion is short-lived, but remorse lasts a long time.
Delusions are an illusion.
Delusions could be a part of a mental disorder.
Demand a lot from yourself and expect little from others. This way you'll save yourself a lot of hassle.
Demand creates its own supply.
Demand creates supply.
Demand for imported cars is going up because prices have gone down.
Demand for imported cars is increasing because of lower prices.
Demand for imported cars is increasing due to lower prices.
Demand for mobile devices will continue to grow in the future.
Demand for occupational therapy has surged in recent years.
Demand greatly exceeds existing supply.
Demand has declined.
Demand is outstripping supply.
Demand is very high.
Demand not that things happen as you wish, but wish them to happen as they do, and you will go on well.
Demand sustainable seafood in restaurants.
Demand the exclusion of the country from the U. N.
Dementia is almost too good for Mitch McConnell.
Dementia ran in Yanni's family.
Demetrius is slandering me!
Demetrius the Thin was a prince of the Kingdom of Macedonia.
Demo's progression was being reported by the participants through SNS.
Democracy can't exist without trust.
Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely. The real safeguard of democracy, therefore, is education.
Democracy cannot survive when one side believes there are only two outcomes to an election: either they win or they were cheated.
Democracy defends the idea that power belongs to the people.
Democracy doesn't mean that everyone says the same thing.
Democracy doesn't run hastily, but it's still the most sure to reach the goal.
Democracy doesn't work everywhere.
Democracy encourages freedom.
Democracy exists where there is nobody rich enough to buy another and nobody poor enough to be sold.
Democracy exists where there is nobody so rich to buy another and nobody so poor to be supplied.
Democracy fosters freedom.
Democracy has, therefore, two excesses to avoid—the spirit of inequality, which leads to aristocracy or monarchy, and the spirit of extreme equality, which leads to despotic power.
Democracy is a certain kind of government in which all citizens have an equal voice in the decisions that rule their lives.
Democracy is a fairy tale in which some people still believe.
Democracy is a fairy tale some people still believe in.
Democracy is a form of government in which every citizen has an equal voice in the decisions that affect their lives.
Democracy is a form of government.
Democracy is a method which ensures that we should not be governed better than we deserve.
Democracy is a path to freedom.
Democracy is a quest, a never-ending seeking for better things, and in the seeking for these things and the striving for better things, and in the seeking for these things and the striving for them, there are many roads to follow.
Democracy is an American flag with an eagle and lots of B-52s.
Democracy is an idea that goes back to the ancient Greeks.
Democracy is capitalism's facade.
Democracy is dead.
Democracy is fun.
Democracy is funny.
Democracy is like sex. When it's good, it's really good. When it isn't so good, it's acceptable.
Democracy is not exportable like food or cement.
Democracy is one form of government.
Democracy is rule of the people, by the people, for the people.
Democracy is shackled by capitalist power.
Democracy is such a fad!
Democracy is the aristocracy of rascals.
Democracy is the art of compromise.
Democracy is the art of replacing the people and then, solemnly in its name, but for the profit of some good shepherds, shearing its wool.
Democracy is the basis of all free countries.
Democracy is the dictatorship of the majority.
Democracy is the government of the people, by the people, and for the people.
Democracy is the government of the people, by the people, for the people.
Democracy is the illusion of equality.
Democracy is the least bad of the systems.
Democracy is the worst form of government, except all the others that have been tried.
Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch.
Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch. Liberty is a well-armed lamb contesting the vote.
Democracy is when a cow is allowed to choose who will milk her.
Democracy is when a cow is allowed to choose who will milk it.
Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for the people.
Democracy means that if the doorbell rings in the early hours, it is likely to be the milkman.
Democracy must be defended in all oil-rich countries, but not in Saudi Arabia.
Democracy must be something more than two wolves and a sheep voting on what to have for dinner.
Democracy originated in Ancient Greece, but where did phallocracy come from?
Democracy originated in Ancient Greece.
Democracy reigns if two wolves and a sheep decide on today's dinner.
Democracy should be more than two wolves and one sheep who decide together what dinner should be.
Democracy substitutes election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
Democracy sucks. But it's better than the alternatives.
Democracy will be victorious in the long run.
Democracy will only have been a short interlude in the history of humanity.
Democracy works when the decision about the evening menu is made by two wolves and a lamb.
Democracy, as it is, just doesn't work.
Democracy’s great recent successes — in India, Portugal, Spain, Greece — show that our confidence in this system is not misplaced.
Democrat John F. Kennedy was the first Catholic to win the White House, in 1960.
Democratic and Republican senators recently introduced an amendment to the American Energy Innovation Act that would reduce production and use of hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs)—chemicals widely used in refrigeration, air conditioning and insulation.
Democratic governments are supposed to answer to the people.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton says "steadiness" is the most important characteristic a president must have.
Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris will give an interview on Fox News next Wednesday.
Democratic senators had raised concerns about the documentary filmmaker's suitability for the role and about an investigation into alleged mismanagement at a nonprofit he founded.
Democratic socialism and social democracy aren't the same thing.
Democrats and Republicans worked together.
Democrats and tribal groups hailed Haaland's confirmation as historic, saying her selection means that Indigenous people — who lived in North America before the United States was created — will for the first time see a Native American lead the powerful department where decisions on relations with the nearly 600 federally recognized tribes are made.
Democrats and tribal groups hailed Haaland's confirmation as historic.
Democrats before the Civil War would most likely be Republicans today.
Democrats haven't learned anything.
Democrats oppose that idea.
Democrats should be upset.
Demographers warn that by 2030, there will be one pensioner for every working person in Russia.
Demographics is the measure of a society's prosperity and a state's efficiency.
Demolish this house!
Demolition experts late Sunday imploded the remaining portion of the partially collapsed condominium, fearing that it was unstable and could come down in the face of high winds from an advancing tropical storm.
Demons are starting to sneak into this world again.
Demons can't enter our physical realm.
Demons run everything.
Demons run the world.
Demons talk to Tom.
Demonstrations typically elicit a strong response that has in the past included the use of tear gas, pepper spray, rubber bullets, and live ammunition against participants, and occasionally have devolved into looting, vandalism and acts of arson.
Demonstrators in Paris promote veganism as one way to curb greenhouse emissions.
Demonstrators smashed shop windows, set fire to motorcycles and damaged public telephones before baton-wielding riot police and members of the hard-line Islamist Basij volunteer militia broke up the throng.
Demotivation can feel horrible.
Demòra aqueste ser amb nosautres.
Denali National Park and Preserve assumes no responsibility for any damages accrued to bicycles by wildlife or other park visitors.
Denali is highest peak in North America.
Dendrology is the science and study of trees.
Deng Xiaoping came into power after Mao Zedong.
Deng is searching for his shoes in the dark.
Deng went to fetch some water.
Denglish is frowned upon by most Germans.
Dengue is spread by Aedes aegypti mosquitoes.
Denial can be a comfort but it can't change reality.
Denial is a terrible thing.
Denial is just a river in Egypt.
Denial is one of the strongest human defence mechanisms.
Denial of self is not the same as self-denial.
Denial would be useless.
Denial would have been useless.
Denim jackets are half off this week.
Denis Chopera, a virologist working in South Africa, said that, since there are no side effects, the herb can’t cause harm, but people shouldn’t presume it is a miracle cure.
Denis is the boss, yet he still makes polite requests for the performance of tasks by his employees, maybe even thanking them for their work. The workers respect him.
Denmark and Poland closed their borders to most travelers.
Denmark and Sweden are connected by the Øresund Bridge.
Denmark has a prison.
Denmark has begun reopening schools.
Denmark has introduced the world's first fat tax.
Denmark has one prison.
Denmark is a country in Scandinavia.
Denmark is a member of the EU but not the eurozone.
Denmark is called "Danmark" in Danish.
Denmark is experiencing a modest economic expansion.
Denmark is in Scandinavia.
Denmark is the first country in Europe to recycle batteries.
Denmark is the happiest country in the world according to the United Nations World Happiness Report.
Denmark is, among the Nordic countries, the southernmost, and is to the southwest of Sweden and south of Norway.
Denmark's currency is the Danish crown.
Denmark's government has announced that it will build a 68-kilometer fence along the country's southern border to protect prime Danish pigs from swine fever. The government says the fence will help keep out German wild boar that could be infected with a deadly African swine fever.
Denmark's second largest religious group are its Muslims, whose 210,000 people make up 3.7 percent of the population.
Denmark’s a prison.
Dennis Hall, an American Greco Roman wrestler understands why this is not the time to flaunt victories.
Dennis can be very wild sometimes.
Dennis can make the ugliest face in town.
Dennis doesn't have rough manners.
Dennis doesn’t have rough manners.
Dennis has never tasted the Australian wine called Purple Reign.
Dennis laughs at Wilson's round face.
Dennis laughs at Wilson’s round face.
Dennis lay flat on the floor.
Dennis was known for chicanery and sleight-of-hand.
Dennis' chocolate candy is delicious.
Denny Christian, a 28-year-old from Jakarta studying accountancy in Australia, worries that the Papuan affair could make life difficult for Indonesians in the country.
Denounce Hindutva and support religious tolerance in India.
Denounce no-one.
Denounce the oppressor.
Denouncing and taking sanctions against crimes of war and crimes against humanity is a moral imperative.
Denouncing bigotry is important, but so is fighting the social problems that lead to negative attitudes in the first place.
Denouncing hateful speech can help maintain a safe environment online.
Dense bushes concealed him.
Dense clouds formed.
Dental braces are expensive.
Dental care is expensive.
Dental records confirmed the victim's identity.
Dentists examine teeth with x-rays.
Dentists recommend changing toothbrushes every three months, because over time their bristles become worse at getting rid of plaque, and accumulate microbes.
Dentists take X-rays to examine your teeth.
Dentists take x-rays to examine your teeth.
Dentzel Carousels were known for their realistic, graceful animals and elaborate carvings.
Denunciation and sanctions are vital steps toward a more just world.
Denver, Colorado is known as the mile-high city.
Denying a quality education to the children of working families is as wrong as denying health care or child care to working families.
Denying medical treatment is a form of torture.
Denying non-native speakers the opportunity to contribute a substantial number of example sentences in English undermines their intelligence and fails to recognize their exceptional dedication to making this website a better place for learning.
Denying non-native speakers the opportunity to contribute more example sentences in English belittles their intelligence and devalues the relentless effort to make this website a better place for learning.
Denying she was an anarchist, Katja maintained she wished only to make changes in our government, not to destroy it.
Denying the existence of the Berber language is a delusion.
Denying the obvious is stupid.
Denzel Washington is a very handsome actor.
Deodoro da Fonseca was the first president of Brazil. Galileo and Isaac Newton were great physicists.
Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) is a double helix molecule which contains the genetic information of every living being.
Deoxyribonucleic acid is DNA; ribonucleic acid is RNA.
Depart from evil, and do good.
Departing thence, he pitched his tent beyond the Flock tower.
Department stores are always crowded just before Christmas.
Department stores sell numerous things.
Department stores that display air conditioners in heater season will very quickly go out of business.
Departmental disagreements led the corporation to split into five separate companies.
Departure is a partial death but death in essence is not only departure.
Departure is scheduled for tonight.
Dependability is part of our entrepreneurial culture.
Depending on how things go, it's possible there'll be a surprise ending.
Depending on my mood, I may not be here tomorrow.
Depending on others is taboo.
Depending on the case; sometimes it is so, sometimes not.
Depending on the convention used, the number of continents can vary from five to seven.
Depending on the course of events, a turtle will be spawned by the mule.
Depending on the course of events, the mule will spawn a turtle.
Depending on the results both companies may be put under administrative guidance from February.
Depending on the season, weather, and availability of nectar- and pollen-bearing blossoms, the size of a honey bee colony varies from 10,000 to 100,000 bees.
Depending on the size of the ensemble, instruments may be doubled or left out.
Depending on the species, guavas may be round or oval.
Depending on the specific plant species, the transfer of pollen from anther to stigma is achieved by wind, gravity, water, birds, bats, or insects.
Depending on where you sit, you might not be able to see the stage.
Depending on which pieces are left on the board, and how they are used, the game can end in a win or a draw.
Depending on which you think of as the main point, either is OK.
Depending on your location, there's a chance of snow.
Depleted uranium bombs are US democracy's most effective weapon.
Deploying a number of arguments making use of the latest discoveries in the fields of genetics and archaeology, the author provides solid evidence in favor of his theory.
Deployment of the product cannot take place before January.
Deportation and genocide are different things.
Deportation and genocide are two different things.
Deposed in a military coup in September 2006 and having effectively been in exile, the Former premier of Thailand Thaksin has returned after about a year and a half.
Deposit this check in my checking account.
Deposit your money in the bank.
Deposition of Mr. Moon is today. I assume you’ve prepared for today’s deposition.
Deposits on long-term leases.
Depravity is becoming the norm in modern life.
Depression and sadness are two different things.
Depression and suicide rates for youth continue to rise, hitting its highest peak since World War II in 2017.
Depression and suicide rates have increased in the past 10 years across the U.S., and in particular among America’s youth.
Depression can lead to suicide.
Depression does that to you.
Depression has taken over her.
Depression hides many benefits beyond the surface.
Depression is a period marked by slackening of business activity, widespread unemployment, falling prices, and wages, etc.
Depression is an awful thing.
Depression is common among young adults who have Asperger syndrome.
Depression is for the wealthy. The poor get up in the morning and go to work.
Depression is very common.
Depression isn't sadness.
Depression sets in.
Depression took hold of Gunter.
Deprey said she especially enjoys working on projects that can be applied to the real world.
Deprive the donkey of straw so that it forgets the oats.
Depth of friendship does not depend on length of acquaintance.
Deputies arrested the teenager.
Der Spiegel is a German weekly magazine and it also means "The Mirror".
Derailments are relatively rare in Algeria.
Derailments are very rare in this country.
Derby Day is Wednesday fortnight.
Dercy Gonçalves was a great Brazilian actress and comedian.
Derek Chauvin is George Floyd's murderer.
Derek Chauvin is facing forty years in prison.
Derek Chauvin is the former American policeman who killed George Floyd.
Derek Chauvin killed George Floyd.
Derek Chauvin, a former policeman, is George Floyd's murderer.
Derek and I were speaking English, as we are long-time residents on Lulu Island. I told him that the parks in Japan are spiritual, with shrines and such. Meanwhile, here in Canada, the parks are secular, with not much spirituality. The traditional religions in Canada don't adore Nature. Derek reminded me that his family is Baptist, not Roman Catholic. I told him that I go to the Roman Catholic church on St. Albans Road, even though I'm not Roman Catholic. Years ago, Derek went to Sunday nursery at Vancouver's Grace International church, a Baptist church, as did my younger brother. My parents converted and went to that church. I came along, I told Derek, but I sat in the mostly empty balcony. I didn't tell Derek that my mentor was like Mr. Spock then. There was peer pressure for me to convert. My immediate family were previously at least nominally Roman Catholic, like most Filipinos. The Baptist Filipinos were pressuring me to go to their Christmas parties, Bible studies, and to the Mt. Baker Ski Chalet Retreat, to which I did go. I enjoyed the snow, but most of the Filipino youth tried just staying inside the chalet. I lived in Japan for some time. These several years back on Lulu Island have felt "marshy" or "swampy"—somewhat stagnant, despite that I try to edutain myself constantly. I'm a spiritual Japanized Syncretist, now living with Americanized Baptist relatives. Later in life, my family goes to a Pentecostal church for "much music." I'm more of a Buddhoanimist.
Derek bought fruits and vegetables.
Derek has been warring, for months, with his sister over their inheritance.
Derision is the food of fools.
Derived from the Latin word apis meaning “bee,” apiculture is the raising and caring of honey bee colonies by people.
Dermatologists hate her!
Derrick dropped his drawing in the tub and is now trying to salvage it with a hair dryer.
Desalination is often seen as an expensive and energy-intensive way to remove salt from water.
Desalination of water is worthwhile where fresh water is expensive.
Descartes thought that the mind and body were joined in the pineal gland.
Describe Tom and Mary.
Describe Tom to me.
Describe Tom.
Describe a tourist attraction you would like to visit.
Describe each book cover objectively.
Describe her.
Describe him.
Describe it to me.
Describe me the mixed martial arts.
Describe my personality in one word.
Describe that accident in detail.
Describe the accident in detail.
Describe the appearances of the women in this movie.
Describe the events in your own words.
Describe the main character.
Describe the problems you're experiencing or those you foresee in the near future.
Describe the process used to make the estimate of annual operating expenses.
Describe them to me in detail.
Describe to me the shape of the penis.
Describe what happened next.
Describe what you see.
Describe your academic paper in the introductory section.
Describe your day.
Describe your ideal breakfast.
Describe your ideal man.
Describe your ideal woman.
Describe your life today.
Describe your perfect company.
Describe your problems to me.
Describe your room.
Describe your top three technical skills, please.
Describe your usual breakfast.
Describe your work style.
Describe yourself shortly in Chinese.
Describe yourself.
Describing reality involves a large amount of documentation.
Descriptions can be analysed in terms of the features mentioned.
Descriptions can be analysed in terms of their focus and point of view.
Descriptions can be analysed in terms of their object.
Desert ecology is a new field of study.
Desert landscapes, even though arid, shelter a wide variety of fascinating wildlife.
Desert lizards have fine, granular dorsal scales.
Desert plants coat themselves in a thick, waxy cuticle to keep in water.
Desert sand cools off rapidly at night.
Desertification has been an ever-growing problem in Algeria.
Desertification in Algeria is partly human-made.
Desertification is happening in Algeria, too.
Desertification is not merely an environmental concern; it is a socio-economic and humanitarian issue with profound implications for millions of people worldwide.
Deserting his family must have made the old bastard giddy with joy.
Deserting your dessert is a crime.
Desertion from the army was grounds for the death penalty.
Desertion from the army was punishable by death.
Deserts are unpleasant places to live.
Deservedly, the judgement for your wrongdoing was guilty.
Designed by pupils from Ysgol Bro Dewi.
Designed to meet first-class technical standards, the initial 48 kilometers of the road feature six lanes, with the remaining 33.7 kilometers comprising four lanes.
Designers have also accounted for potential effects of global warming. The vault, situated 130 meters above sea level, is safely above the seven-meter rise in sea level predicted should the Greenland ice sheet melt and even the 61-meter rise that could accompany the unlikely meltdown of Antarctica.
Designers work to create compelling logos and user-friendly web layouts to spread the word on global water shortages.
Designing a city only for cars makes the roads worse for drivers.
Desire and happiness cannot live together.
Desire for food and sex is part of human nature.
Desire is a source of discontent. Try to control it.
Desire is more fulfilling than satiety.
Desire is not a sin.
Desire is the nectar.
Desire leads to suffering.
Desire shortens the road.
Desiring noise and company, Tom went along to the shooting gallery and knocked down a few ducks.
Desiring to have horns, the camel lost its ears.
Desiring to say good-night, she attempted to enter her son’s room.
Desirous of remaining a maiden, Echo shunned the sight of all males, whether they were men or gods.
Desk work is just not my cup of tea.
Desktop publishing lets you produce books quickly and cheaply. It's like killing two birds with one stone.
Desktop publishing lets you produce books quickly and cheaply. It’s like killing two birds with one stone.
Desktop publishing programs are created especially for this purpose.
Despacito is a song by Luis Fonsi.
Despair drove him to attempt suicide.
Despair is useless.
Despair was written on the mother's face.
Despair was written on the mother’s face.
Despair! Enshittification is the inevitable evolution of online social platforms, as long as bad financial incentives persist.
Desperate diseases require desperate remedies.
Desperate for a toilet, I scanned the signs, looking for "WC".
Desperate measures were taken.
Desperate men do desperate things.
Desperate men often do desperate things.
Desperate needs lead to desperate deeds.
Desperate people do desperate things, and they often don't think about the consequences until it's too late.
Desperate people do desperate things.
Desperate people will try anything.
Desperate times call for desperate measures.
Desperate times, desperate measures.
Desperate to escape, Anna sprinted toward the exit, but quickly realized the bumblebee was hovering near the exit door.
Desperate to get her something before he left, and with the record shops all now shut, Steve rushed to the nearest supermarket to buy the least naff present he could find.
Desperation has led him to risk his life.
Desperation makes the soldier or the monk.
Desperation makes you do things you never thought you could do.
Despicable means used to achieve laudable goals render the goals themselves despicable.
Despite "No Smoking" signs, the boat operator was brazenly smoking all the time.
Despite 100 years of missionary effort the number of native Esperanto speakers is still low enough to be able to know each of them by name.
Despite 100 years of missionary effort, the number of native Esperanto speakers is still low enough that each one can be known by name.
Despite Algeria's military inferiority, it managed to kick France out in 1962.
Despite City's slick attacking play, United managed to see out a nil-nil draw with a display of dogged defending.
Despite Diego's huge size, he has always been a teddy bear.
Despite Fadil's abusive behavior, Layla stayed in the relationship.
Despite Hebrew being considered a dead language one hundred and fifty years ago, today eight million people speak it as their mother tongue.
Despite Hippocrates' very first exhortation, the history of medicine abounds in needless torture and bad counsel.
Despite Janos being taller and stronger, Walid emerged as the winner.
Despite Mercury being the closest planet to the Sun, Venus is hotter.
Despite Republican propaganda to the contrary, people making under $50,000 per year still skew overwhelmingly Democratic.
Despite Sami's rough edges, Layla loves him.
Despite Skura's efforts to fit in, she remained an outsider in Yanni's family.
Despite Tatoeba's site name being in Japanese, in Japan it is not very well known.
Despite Trang's constant affirmations of love, Spenser is still afraid someday she will fall out of love with him.
Despite Trang’s constant affirmations of love, Spenser is still afraid someday she will fall out of love with him.
Despite Ziri's long coat, he shivered.
Despite a flattering supposition to the contrary, people come readily to terms with power. There is little reason to think that the power of the great bankers, while they were assumed to have it, was much resented. But as the ghosts of numerous tyrants, from Julius Caesar to Benito Mussolini will testify, people are very hard on those who, having had power, lose it or are destroyed. Then anger at past arrogance is joined with contempt for the present weakness. The victim or his corpse is made to suffer all available indignities.
Despite a flurry of local initiatives, clean energy advocates hope the Biden administration will put the power of the federal government behind a national effort.
Despite a large surplus in merchandise trade, the current account surplus is not so big due to a deficit in invisible trade.
Despite a lot of difficulties, he still completed the task.
Despite a national fascination with everything new and shiny, there is a portion of America that is focused on the old and quirky. Antiquing is, in part, a search for our history, says antiques appraiser Connie Sue Davenport.
Despite a shortage of steel, industrial output has increased by five percent.
Despite a sign on the door that said "Authorized Personnel Only," Tom just went right in.
Despite a steel shortage, industrial output has increased by five per cent.
Despite accusations, it seems that he's innocent and hasn't committed any wrongdoing.
Despite advances in the response to malaria, the death toll among children, particularly in Africa, remains unacceptably high, according to a public health expert.
Despite adversity, the architect achieved worldwide fame.
Despite adversity, the ingenious man achieved worldwide fame.
Despite all her achievements, she was not proud.
Despite all her efforts, Rebecca wasn't able to unmask the impostors.
Despite all her wealth, she doesn't look happy.
Despite all his fame, he is not happy.
Despite all his faults he is popular.
Despite all his faults, everybody likes him.
Despite all his setbacks, he remains an optimist.
Despite all his success, he's not happy.
Despite all his wealth, he is still stingy.
Despite all his wealth, he is stingy.
Despite all its disadvantages, serfhood was the primary means by which the unity of the nation was preserved.
Despite all my effort, I never could please her.
Despite all my effort, I was never able to please her.
Despite all my efforts, I will not have the report ready by Friday.
Despite all of the pitfalls, this project turned out to be a huge success.
Despite all of the repairs the machine wouldn't function smoothly.
Despite all of the traffic we managed to make it in time.
Despite all the difficulties, you should do things your way.
Despite all the exercise I'm doing, I'm not losing much weight at all.
Despite all the recent hullabaloo about humankind preparing to go to Mars, we should not overlook the practicality of our Moon—Luna—being possibly the first substantial step of human colonization outside our Earth—Terra. Luna is very much closer than Mars, to Terra. What astronauts, taikonauts, or cosmonauts need really is to practice their space skills on a Moon base. People need to know how to live on worlds with lower gravity. People need to know how to make and raise babies outside Earth. People need to know how to simply live on a different world, and that practice would likely find itself on the Moon. Practice makes perfect. And Luna is it. I have read a research paper supporting the idea of a human facility on the Moon, to prepare us humankind for farther objectives. It would take a long, long time... No, humankind has not yet conquered the Moon! The current romantic focus on Mars is partly because some people think that humankind indeed has conquered the Moon, which is, therefore, a "has-been" for space exploration. Such is a falsehood. Wake up, humanity! Other countries do know...
Despite all the science behind drug development, scientists often don't know exactly how medications work.
Despite all their wealth, they were unhappy.
Despite all these problems, our story had a happy ending.
Despite all this, I forgave the people who killed my children.
Despite announcing general agreement on a $160 billion plan to revive economic growth, analysts say fixing what ails Europe will require more than money.
Despite appearances, you shouldn’t count your chickens before they hatch.
Despite being a masculine noun, Rocío is a female name.
Despite being a model, she looks rather ugly.
Despite being a non-smoker, he still got lung cancer.
Despite being a pet, cats still have remarkable hunting abilities.
Despite being a second-hand shop, the prices aren't all that different from all-new goods.
Despite being a sunny day, it is cold.
Despite being blind, he is a teacher of history and a translator of dead languages.
Despite being closed to the public, many of the museums’ collections can still be seen virtually.
Despite being convinced of God's existence, some Catholics aren't absolutely sure that God is Catholic.
Despite being down to 10 men, the team managed to hold on for a draw thanks to some expert shithousery, including numerous stoppages for alleged injuries.
Despite being fair-skinned, she loved spending time under the sun.
Despite being fascinated with English, many Japanese don't even try to study it.
Despite being fascinated with English, many Japanese don’t even try to study it.
Despite being ill, Mary continued to work.
Despite being in different high schools, Widia and Susan still get along well.
Despite being in the same language family, Hungarian and Finnish are only distantly related.
Despite being married, Yanni was always very flirty with his female co-workers.
Despite being nervous, William took his seat on the airplane and fastened his seatbelt.
Despite being of different quality, this orange is as good as that one.
Despite being outnumbered, the soldiers fought tooth and nail against the enemy.
Despite being poor, he is happy.
Despite being poor, he was happy.
Despite being poor, they raised seven children.
Despite being ranked a not-so-lofty 116 in the FIFA World Ranking Table, Vietnamese fans at any big soccer match can attest to high enthusiasm when it comes to supporting their country in international events.
Despite being related, the two languages are very dissimilar and, at first glance, do not appear to have anything to do with each other.
Despite being released with strong DRM, the game got cracked within a week.
Despite being rich in cholesterol, eggs are also a great source of healthful nutrients, such as protein, vitamins, phospholipids, and carotenoids.
Despite being rich, he is not happy.
Despite being sick, the boy still went to school.
Despite being small you are of great value.
Despite being the antagonist in the movie, I liked her character.
Despite being two years younger than her brother, the girl is much more mature and responsible than him.
Despite common misconceptions, data collected after a decade of professional research on the fandom shows that furries are no more likely to be "attracted" to animals than the general population.
Despite concerted effort by the government and private actors, the language's future is bleak.
Despite concerted effort on the part of the government and private actors, the language's future is bleak.
Despite coronavirus lockdown measures, people who work in the informal sector are forced to leave their homes to eke out enough money to support themselves and their families.
Despite criticism, the award procedure will not change.
Despite different languages and cultures, everyone still became friends.
Despite drinking a lot of water, my throat remains dry.
Despite everything I think it's possible and necessary to beat them.
Despite everything he is still playing dumb.
Despite everything she put us through, I think we should forgive her.
Despite everything she said to me, I can't stop thinking about her.
Despite everything we know about bees, we humans can't produce honey ourselves. How honey is made from honeydew and nectar remains the bees' secret.
Despite everything which took place, he has forgiven him.
Despite everything, I believe we can still fix the situation.
Despite everything, I like Toki Pona mainly because I see the possibility of modestly contributing to its continued practice until it becomes, who knows, an instrument of easy international communication.
Despite everything, I never blame my mistakes on anyone but myself.
Despite everything, Tom started to relax.
Despite everything, the episode had its positive side: it allowed me to reflect a lot and formulate some sentences.
Despite everything, the world is still beautiful.
Despite everything, they kept trying.
Despite everything, they remained hopeful.
Despite everything, we still managed to escape from the cave.
Despite everything, we're going to have a lovely weekend.
Despite evidence to the contrary, his persecution mania convinces him that everyone is out to harm him.
Despite facing many challenges, William persevered and turned his business into a profitable venture.
Despite failing to win last night, Brighton and Hove Albion are second in the table.
Despite feeling her presence, he chose not to look at her.
Despite fighting tooth and nail, that brave soldier fell to the ground lifeless.
Despite having a business degree, Lee worked as an office assistant at a semiconductor manufacturer.
Despite having a lot of languages in the Philippines, people from different provinces can still understand each other since most knows Tagalog or English.
Despite having lazed around without having touched my work I'm frightened at heart that "Ooh-er, this time I might really not get done in time!?"
Despite having lazed around without having touched my work I’m frightened at heart that "Ooh-er, this time I might really not get done in time!?"
Despite having lived near the sea, she still cannot swim.
Despite having one hand she laboriously gathered the scattered nuts and bolts.
Despite having signed a secret pact, Italy failed to enforce all its claims on foreign territories after World War I.
Despite having studied proofs of evolution, some people have clung to traditional doctrines grounded more in mythology than in science.
Despite having the fourth largest fresh water reserves in the world, officials say more than 400 Chinese cities, including the capital, face severe water shortages. Experts say the shortages are a result of droughts, overexploitation of water resources, increasing pollution, inefficient delivery methods and temperature increases.
Despite having the warranty in order, it took the store managers a month to send someone to fix the washer.
Despite having two jobs, the sum of Joao's salaries doesn't surpass a thousand reais.
Despite her flaws, I'm fond of her.
Despite her foreboding, Mary entered the cellar.
Despite her hard exterior, she had a certain vulnerability that made her quite endearing.
Despite her husband's close watch, Skura continued to talk to Yanni.
Despite her imperfections, you remain devoted, guided solely by the depths of your love.
Despite her meagre salary, she works very hard.
Despite her nonchalant air, she is paying close attention to everything you say.
Despite her warning, he made little of the matter.
Despite her young age, she speaks so many languages.
Despite himself, he winced at the pain that throbbed in his back.
Despite his achievements, he is very humble and doesn't boast about them.
Despite his achievements, he is very humble and doesn’t boast about them.
Despite his age, he always has a youthful appearance.
Despite his attempts, nothing worked.
Despite his being so tall, women find him quite attractive.
Despite his best attempts, the car would not start.
Despite his best efforts to participate in the online community, Antonio faces constant bullying and negativity from other users.
Despite his claim to be a native French speaker, he is so uncertain of his French that as soon as he has to write a slightly complicated comment he writes it in English.
Despite his continuous endeavor to enhance the website's content, the Algerian translator faces unwarranted annoyance from certain users.
Despite his errors everyone respects him.
Despite his fame, he is not happy.
Despite his fatigue, he studied late into the night.
Despite his illness, he often went to work.
Despite his innocence, the accused did not respond to the charges.
Despite his love for facts, William struggled with memorizing them.
Despite his mature way of speaking, he is just a nine-year-old.
Despite his modesty, Moral’s case is pretty unusual, according to Harvard.
Despite his previous failures, William remained determined to succeed in his new venture.
Despite his restraint, he agreed to it.
Despite his riches, he's not contented.
Despite his riches, he’s not contented.
Despite his sharp teeth, the boar was afraid of me.
Despite his shy nature, William's charisma made him a natural leader.
Despite his small hands, he is actually very well endowed.
Despite his tireless dedication to improving the website's content, the Algerian translator faces unwarranted annoyance from certain users.
Despite his weak faith, the priest blessed him.
Despite his wealth, he is not at all happy.
Despite his young age, he did a very good job.
Despite his young age, he speaks so many languages.
Despite how I look, I used to be an honored student, you know. I used to be...
Despite how much Jane told her not to, Rosie ate the crayon.
Despite how they look, hippos are dangerous animals.
Despite it being midnight, the children are still up.
Despite its beauty, the jungle was full of dangers, from venomous snakes to deadly spiders.
Despite its deformities, the creature still looked human.
Despite its name, the wildebeest is an antelope, forms huge herds and can run at a speed of up to 70 km/h.
Despite its relative inhospitality, life abounded there.
Despite its small geographic size, South Korea is a major global economy.
Despite its varying legality, cannabis is not usually labeled as a causal factor in terms of death.
Despite knowing it's wrong, my heart yearns for a man I can't have.
Despite knowing the consequences, she chose to remain silent.
Despite knowing the potential risks, Rodrigo opted to squeeze the pimple to get rid of it quickly.
Despite language difficulties, we were soon friends.
Despite making all the effort to walk up here, the shop was closed.
Despite me telling Tom not to open the door, he opened it.
Despite me wanting to go to this place for a long time, I never had the courage to actualize my dream.
Despite medical advances, ectopic pregnancy remains a significant cause of maternal mortality worldwide.
Despite modern technology that makes creating and tracking registrations easier, the U.N.’s Children’s Fund says in 2011 just under half of births in Asia—excluding China—were registered.
Despite my adventures into religions, I still believe in science fact and science fiction.
Despite my efforts, resentment grew between us.
Despite my expectations, he turned out to be a nice person.
Despite my hatred for him, I prevented him from drowning.
Despite my lack of work experience, I possess a strong desire to learn and contribute.
Despite my lawyer's doubts, I chose to press forward with the lawsuit.
Despite my parents' divorce, I had a happy childhood.
Despite my parents' preference, I have decided to attend an out-of-state college on my own volition.
Despite my related ancestry, I'm not interested in Judaism.
Despite my warnings, he works no harder.
Despite not being officially a French-speaking country, Australia has great intensive French programs.
Despite not having an education, he is still a semi-skilled worker.
Despite not thinking the project was viable, they decided to go ahead with it.
Despite numerous reminder messages, she forgot about the meeting.
Despite numerous requests by their mother, the children would not tidy up their toys.
Despite orders from his superior, the soldier did not move.
Despite our bad luck, we had one bit of good luck: we had performed a full backup the day before.
Despite our best efforts, we couldn't find a solution to the problem.
Despite our differences, we respect each other immensely.
Despite our difficulties, we managed to climb the mountain.
Despite our efforts, we failed after all.
Despite our lack of sleep, we spent a long time sitting in a pub.
Despite passing 81 years, why do we celebrate our victory in a battle so crucially?
Despite past conflicts, the leaders expressed hope for future amity.
Despite receiving divorce papers, Sonya planned a romantic weekend in Paris, in a forlorn attempt to save her marriage.
Despite repeated warnings, Tom and Mary haven't stopped doing that.
Despite repeated warnings, Tom didn't stop doing that.
Despite repeated warnings, Tom hasn't stopped doing that.
Despite reporting the online bullying, Rodrigo faced challenges in getting the platforms to take effective action.
Despite revitalization efforts, the number of speakers of the language continues to decline.
Despite rumors to the contrary, George Soros did not collaborate with the Nazis.
Despite rumors to the contrary, George Soros was not a Nazi collaborator.
Despite rumors to the contrary, a tinfoil hat is not effective against coronavirus.
Despite searching high and low, Tom couldn't find his wallet.
Despite several monumental pushes for women’s rights around the globe over recent decades, activists say progress has been very slow.
Despite several reminder emails, she forgot the appointment.
Despite several setbacks, authors of the Landmine Monitor proclaim the 1999 landmine treaty an ongoing success.
Despite sharing the name, Germans are no more related to the Germanic peoples encountered by ancient Rome than the English are.
Despite significant surgical risks and potential long-term effects, hysterectomies are often performed for benign conditions.
Despite slow growth, Guam's economy has been stable over the last decade.
Despite some complaints, people keep using it.
Despite sounding the same, these two words are written with different letters.
Despite studying earnestly he failed the exam.
Despite tensions, sanctions and recriminations between the United States and Russia, two American astronauts will join a Russian cosmonaut blasting off Wednesday from Kazakhstan for the International Space Station.
Despite that some might think that the universe is "Māyā" or a great illusion, Mars is just as solid as Earth. The illusion is solid.
Despite that, I succeeded.
Despite that, he was confident in the fact that he was Muslim.
Despite that, the episode was aired and got a record number of views.
Despite the Algerian translator's diligent efforts to enhance the website's content, certain users persistently express annoyance towards his presence.
Despite the Algerian translator's genuine commitment to improving the content of the website, certain users consistently exhibit annoyance towards his presence.
Despite the Algerian translator's genuine commitment to improving the content of the website, certain users consistently express annoyance towards his presence.
Despite the European Commission President's call for coordinated action, national governments are making up their own minds without synchronizing approaches.
Despite the Kremlin's boasting and the weak reactions of some western countries, Russia is now nothing more than a paper tiger, only capable of terrorizing small states.
Despite the abuse, Dania chose to stay with Fadil.
Despite the accusations, they insist they didn’t do that.
Despite the arrest and trial of many of Algeria's corrupt officials, many questions remain unanswered.
Despite the bark mulch, borage is sprouting up around the original plant.
Despite the benefits, electric rickshaws should no longer be allowed to operate without proper regulations across the country.
Despite the blaring alarms, Lukas didn’t leave the room.
Despite the bomb threat, the president needed to keep through with his plans.
Despite the challenge, Nelson was able to create a traditional Japanese garden. Its simplicity complements the orchids.
Despite the challenges and an uncertain future, the student journalists continue to hone their craft, one story at a time.
Despite the challenges imposed by the West's sanctions, Iran's mining sector remains a significant contributor to the country's economy.
Despite the challenges of raising sheep, Matthew loved his work and the connection it gave him to nature.
Despite the chaos around her, Mary remained level-headed and calmly guided everyone to safety.
Despite the chaos, they persevered.
Despite the clear advantages of the new approach, bureaucratic red tape has prevented it from becoming an official standard.
Despite the cliché, I can't seem to think of a single Country song where any harm came to a dog.
Despite the cold weather, Matthew was determined to find enough firewood for the night.
Despite the concerns, the weather was magnificent.
Despite the current situation, I hope everything unfolds peacefully and, eventually, positively.
Despite the damp wood, Matthew was able to keep the fire going with frequent adjustments.
Despite the difficult circumstances, you all acquitted yourselves impeccably.
Despite the difficulties, I don't want to stop learning.
Despite the difficulties, they succeeded.
Despite the dramatic accident, the passengers were unhurt and walked out unharmed.
Despite the efforts of environmentalists, the deforestation of the region continues.
Despite the fact that I now have money to waste, I'm the same person.
Despite the fact that I was not born a woman, I'm more woman than you.
Despite the fact that I'm worn out, I can't fall asleep.
Despite the fact that Mary keeps saying I was the only man she'd like to marry, when I proposed to her, she said "NO". I cannot make head or tail of it.
Despite the fact that Mary keeps saying I was the only man she’d like to marry, when I proposed to her, she said "NO". I cannot make head or tail of it.
Despite the fact that Tom was the leader, he never shied away from the hardest and dirtiest work.
Despite the fact that Yanni's accusations of cheating were unfounded, he lashed out at Skura and beat her savagely.
Despite the fact that half the shops were typical tourist shops, the city was fantastic.
Despite the fact that he has only just started learning Chinese, he already knows lots of characters.
Despite the fact that they were all Dutch people, they spoke German with each other.
Despite the fact they set their heart on convincing him, he maintained his opposition to the project.
Despite the fact times changed, he maintains his revolutionary ideas.
Despite the fog, planes continue to land.
Despite the frequency of his cursing, Miroslav seems unfazed by the potential repercussions it might have on his relationships or professional life.
Despite the government's protection, he was killed.
Despite the government's protection, he was murdered.
Despite the government's protection, he was the victim of an assassination attempt which killed him.
Despite the government’s protection, he was the victim of an assassination attempt which killed him.
Despite the grandeur of the feast, she is unaware of all fields of knowledge.
Despite the great effort that we invested, we did not reach an agreement.
Despite the growing interconnectedness and interdependence of nations, some Westerners may still perceive non-Western cultures and societies as peripheral, reinforcing the belief in a Western-centric worldview.
Despite the hardships, they persisted in giving each of their children a college education.
Despite the heavy rain, he decided to leave.
Despite the huge amount of evidence, the dust and rock samples, the television footage, and the hundreds of thousands of people who made it happen, polls show as many as 6% of Americans believe the Apollo 11 astronauts never landed on the moon.
Despite the hype and the celebratory hugs, the stock's performance on day one proved underwhelming.
Despite the importance of sleep, its purpose is a mystery.
Despite the inclement weather, the concert proceeded as scheduled.
Despite the increased investment, the country is losing about 150 elephants each month to poachers.
Despite the many languages spoken there, creating many language barriers, Tatoeba is still one community.
Despite the many repairs it has undergone, the machine has never worked well.
Despite the many tragedies she has had in life, she remains to have the pureness of her heart.
Despite the mask, Tom was unmistakable.
Despite the mishap on his last trip, Matthew is still eager to go camping again.
Despite the name, stoats are not cats.
Despite the obstacles life puts in your way, always face them with a smile.
Despite the odds, they remained hopeful.
Despite the odds, they succeeded.
Despite the offensive nature of his cursing, Miroslav somehow manages to maintain a certain charm that keeps people intrigued.
Despite the pain, Miroslav tried to keep calm and avoid any sudden movements to prevent aggravating the bite.
Despite the pain, he put on a brave face.
Despite the pandemic, people around the world still find ways to party – even if it has to be done online.
Despite the passing of time, Algerians haven't forgotten France's atrocities in their country.
Despite the piles of investment money thrown at the project, the company has yet to come out with a viable product.
Despite the precedent, it would have been worse to leave it alone.
Despite the problems of excessive commercialization, etc. the Olympics will go forward into the new century.
Despite the rain on their camping trip, Matthew and his family had a great time.
Despite the rain we went out.
Despite the rain, I slept well last night.
Despite the rain, a large crowd awaited the singer's arrival.
Despite the rain, the children walked to school.
Despite the rain, we're deciding to go out.
Despite the real and troubling areas where freedom appears in retreat, the fact remains that the number of democracies around the world has nearly doubled in the last 25 years.
Despite the seriousness of his illness, Mr Robinson is in good spirits.
Despite the sign on the door reading "Keep Out", Tom went in anyways.
Despite the storm, I arrived on time.
Despite the suspension of GSP facilities, Bangladesh's exports to the US have increased.
Despite the sweltering summer temperatures, festivalgoers came out to enjoy the food and music. They left knowing more about Mali than they did before. Some say it is like travelling to Mali without crossing the ocean.
Despite the terror warnings, I am not the slightest bit afraid of walking through crowded places.
Despite the unlikely chance of finding a meteorite, the Geminid shower should be a beautiful sight, particularly after midnight in the first hours of Monday morning.
Despite the vehement public opposition to the planned budget cuts, the parliament is expected to approve the plan.
Despite the warnings, one runner in the nation's capital planned to head out for a run early Saturday.
Despite their age difference, Boldi and Martha were interested in each other.
Despite their best efforts, paramedics were unable to revive the unidentified gentleman, who had sacrificed his own life to push the toddler out of the path of the oncoming bus.
Despite their blood relationship, Ziri and Rima kissed passionately.
Despite their bulk and weight, hippos can swim rapidly.
Despite their differences, Tom loves Mary.
Despite their differences, they have great mutual respect.
Despite their efforts, it was too late.
Despite their efforts, nothing changed.
Despite their efforts, they didn't succeed.
Despite their fluency, the English teacher belittles the efforts of foreign students to improve their language skills.
Despite their great wealth, they are not happy.
Despite their many cultural differences, humans and cats are able to coexist relatively peacefully.
Despite their own scandals, the police continue to make arrests as though nothing had happened at all.
Despite their popularity, cricket and squash are not Olympic sports.
Despite their reputations as aloof misanthropes, most cats love to cuddle with humans and are very affectionate.
Despite their truth, sayings like "carpe diem", "live for yourself" and "know your worth" have degenerated into cliches for justifying rudeness, oddness, and apathy, at the hands of TV personalities and columnists. That is what is called "educated ignorance".
Despite there being 7 billion people living on this planet, I feel alone.
Despite these promises, emissions have been rising again for the past two years.
Despite this era of online shopping, people still like to go to a traditional store for their Christmas shopping.
Despite this outward success, all is not as well as it seems.
Despite this sadness, I remain hopeful that someday, love will find me again.
Despite this, Tom can't come.
Despite us living in the same house, the distance between us has never been as great as now.
Despite well-meaning and often wonderful teachers, I didn't thrive much in a school system that valued test performance and fact-retention over genuine curiosity.
Despite what many would have you believe, languages do not decay. They change. This change is neither good nor bad.
Despite what they say, most humans aren't really attached to freedom.
Despite what's happened, I still like Tom.
Despite years of warnings, many countries were not ready for COVID-19.
Despite your best efforts, your bureaucratic work was not rewarded.
Despite your defeat, you were not discouraged.
Despite your reservations, we will do what we decided to do.
Dessert presents an opportunity for self-engorgement.
Desserts are my specialty.
Destiny already has your lifepath all planned out for you.
Destiny brought us together.
Destiny dealt Yanni a very bad hand.
Destiny decides who will step into your life, but you decide who stays.
Destiny grants us our wishes, but in its own way, in order to give us something beyond our wishes.
Destiny has already planned out everything that happen in your own lifepath.
Destiny is not a fool. It will not make people meet without a reason.
Destiny is sometimes cruel.
Destiny plays out your life exactly the way it should go.
Destiny plays out your lifepath exactly the way a higher power has decided to rule your lifepath.
Destiny rules over the life of every human being, every human being has a specific lifepath to follow tailored to everyone of us.
Destroy everything.
Destroy it.
Destroy me.
Destroy one's bridges after one has crossed the river.
Destroy the bourgeoisie!
Destroy the castle.
Destroy the city.
Destroy the computer.
Destroy the evidence.
Destroy the fortress.
Destroy the phone.
Destroy their wedding cake!
Destroy them!
Destroy them.
Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up.
Destroy this temple.
Destroy what destroys you.
Destroy your enemies: make them your friends.
Destroying archeological sites can be a form of cultural genocide.
Destroying things is much easier than making them.
Destruction of private property will not be tolerated.
Detached reflection cannot be demanded in the presence of an uplifted knife.
Detachment provides perspective, which in turn permits a certain amount of pattern recognition.
Detailed design is the work of drawing up a diagram that is capable of being manufactured from the plan set in the baseline design.
Detailed forecasts are available for high and low tides in all sea ports, but are specific to local conditions.
Detailed maps for this area have not been drawn.
Detailed maps of this area have not been drawn.
Details are sketchy.
Details are still being finalized.
Details make perfection, and perfection is not a detail.
Details of the arrest haven't been released.
Details of the attack are still unknown.
Details remain classified.
Details still need to be worked out.
Details weren't immediately available.
Details will be announced on the official website as they become available. Stay tuned!
Details will be forthcoming.
Details will follow soon.
Detective Bakir was so happy to take that case on.
Detective Columbo is always in a frayed raincoat.
Detective Dan Anderson and his team conducted a more thorough search in the park.
Detective Dan Anderson believed that it was Matt who carried out the killings.
Detective Dan Anderson called in the FBI.
Detective Dan Anderson checked Linda for weapons.
Detective Dan Anderson gave Linda a routine polygraph test.
Detective Dan Anderson got an anonymous tip from a man who claimed to know Linda.
Detective Dan Anderson has finally pieced together the whole murder story.
Detective Dan Anderson interviewed Linda.
Detective Dan Anderson picked up another trail.
Detective Dan Anderson returned to Linda's house armed with a search warrant.
Detective Dan Anderson rode to the murder scene.
Detective Dan Anderson scoured the scene for evidence.
Detective Dan Anderson stayed on the trail like a bloodhound.
Detective Dan Anderson took Linda in for questioning.
Detective Dan Anderson took Linda to the station for further questioning.
Detective Dan Anderson verified Linda's statements.
Detective Dan Anderson waited anxiously for the crime lab results.
Detective Dan Anderson was assigned to join U.S. Marshal Brown's team.
Detective Dan Anderson was the only investigator to follow that lead.
Detective Jackson followed Tom from the warehouse.
Detective Jackson is on the case.
Detective Jackson tailed Tom from the warehouse.
Detective Lukas Nani soon arrived at the scene to investigate Rima’s death.
Detective Majid was asked to come out of retirement to help the police department solve that crime.
Detective Nani was assigned to find a girl named Rima.
Detective Nani was investigating the disappearance of a woman in the area.
Detective Nani will be taking over the case.
Detective Sadiq investigated the baby deaths.
Detective Ziri has solved the case of the break-ins.
Detective stories are amusing.
Detective stories hold a special attraction for me.
Detectives are questioning the suspect right now.
Detectives are smart.
Detectives are still investigating.
Detectives arrested Yanni at work.
Detectives believe Tom acted alone.
Detectives came to Yanni's house and interviewed him again.
Detectives considered different motives for the murder.
Detectives continued to dig for information.
Detectives didn't rule out Sami.
Detectives don't suspect foul play.
Detectives interviewed Sami's grieving wife.
Detectives said Tom strangled his girlfriend.
Detectives watched and listened to Yanni's interrogation from behind the two-way mirror.
Detectives were trying to piece together the puzzle of Fadil's personal life.
Detectives were watching Fadil's reactions.
Detention did little to deter Ziri.
Detergent is poisonous.
Determinate tomato cultivars stop growing at a certain height.
Determination is a key to success.
Determination is everything.
Determine the message about the company is positive, negative or neutral, and mark it accordingly.
Determine the range of values of the constant k to which the quadratic inequality x² + kx - 3k > 0 holds for any real value of x.
Determine your bike’s tire width before planning your trip. Fat tire, recumbent, tandem or electric bikes will not fit in bus bike racks.
Determine your goals.
Determined attempts were made both openly and by stealth to strangle the system at its birth, to destroy the mustard seed at the time of the planting; and, as the fact of its survival has become prominent the certainty of its impending demise has been announced time and again; the fall of the umbrageous tree, amidst whose branches the birds of search continue to find food and shelter, has been often predicted.
Determined not to let the cockroach escape, Anna grabbed a shoe and prepared herself for a showdown.
Determined not to let the spider escape, Anna grabbed a glass jar and attempted to trap it.
Determined to regain control, Anna fetched a broom and cautiously approached the bumblebee to drive it out of her room.
Determining the shortest path through any arbitrary set of points is an intractable problem.
Detours expand your knowledge of the surroundings.
Detractors accused them of “canceling” the beloved children’s author who sold more than 650 million books worldwide.
Detroit has filed for bankruptcy.
Detroit has one of the highest levels of gun violence in the world.
Detroit is a dangerous city.
Detroit is famous for its car industry.
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan.
Detroit police take about 58 minutes to answer 911 calls.
Detroit was called the Paris of the West.
Devaluing the currency also means that prices rise for consumers, and it tends to crimp consumer spending.
Devastating forest fires broke out in Siberia.
Devastating groundhog invasions afflicted a small town in Texas.
Devastation and hunger reigned in the country.
Develop a daily language-learning routine that fits your lifestyle.
Develop a habit of gratitude.
Develop a habit of lifelong learning.
Develop a habit of regular exercise for physical health.
Develop a network of advocates.
Develop coping mechanisms at work.
Develop some friendships at work.
Develop strategies to cope with toxic co-workers.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Develop your knowledge.
Develop your linguistic competence as much as possible.
Develop yourself.
Developed over four years by hundreds of the Nation’s top climate scientists and technical experts—and informed by thousands of inputs from the public and outside organizations gathered through town hall meetings, public-comment opportunities, and technical workshops across the country, the third National Climate Assessment represents the most authoritative and comprehensive knowledge base about how climate change is affecting America now, and what’s likely to come over the next century.
Developers claim to have doubled its performance, but really it was only a slight improvement.
Developing Algiers is a gargantuan task.
Developing a brand new drug can take 10 years or more, and costs in excess of $1 billion, according to him, which is why his biotechnology company is studying new uses for safe compounds that have been supplanted by newer or better formulations and are no longer prescribed.
Developing a knowledge base of various migration flight paths and characteristics will help scientists advise airbases and airports of the best routes and times to fly to avoid large flocks of birds.
Developing a mutually beneficial relationship with China will not be easy. But we can do better than a new Cold War.
Developing countries are looking to expand their labor markets.
Developing countries suffer from difficulties of fiscal problems.
Developing hand-eye coordination is one reason behind having a gym class.
Developing his ability of speaking English, it seems, is his purpose of studying abroad.
Developing patience requires a lot of practice.
Developing political awareness takes time.
Developing vaccines that are safe and effective takes time, investment, and good science.
Developing your "mind's eye" is important.
Development develops inequality.
Development in the technological area is proceeding at lightning speed.
Development is slow, but ongoing.
Development is the process of moving your pieces from their starting posts to new and more effective positions.
Devil sued God.
Devil take the hindmost.
Devil!
Deviled eggs taste horrible.
Devils are hiding among the rocks.
Devils are mischievous.
Devising various ways to do things will deepen interest.
Devising various ways to do things will deepen my interest.
Devlin concedes that while the mathematics in the show is very real, the series does take a few liberties. He admits that one person probably couldn't solve a criminal case so quickly, and wouldn't have the expertise in so many branches of math. Mathematics, he says, has exploded since the 19th century, and it's impossible for a single mathematician to know every single area of math.
Devote your whole attention to your duties.
Devotees of science fiction will enjoy this new film.
Devour soil!
Devout Jews believe in one God.
Devout Muslims pray five times a day.
Dew has formed on the lawn.
Dewey was suddenly a hero.
Dexter is eating Tosilog in the kitchen.
Dey is over.
Dhaka is the capital of Bangladesh.
Dhaka is the largest city and the capital of Bangladesh.
Dhritarashtra said: O Sanjay, after gathering on the holy field of Kurukshetra, and desiring to fight, what did my sons and the sons of Pandu do?
DiLoreto also names the construction of dams across the western United States, which increased America's ability to farm and feed the world, as infrastructure successes. But he points out that the projects created problems for migrating fish.
DiLoreto says it’s hard to prioritize one infrastructure category area over the other because they all hinge together.
Diabetes has affected him.
Diabetes has affected me.
Diabetes has been in their family for a long time!
Diabetes is a disorder of the metabolism.
Diabetes is an expensive disease to treat.
Diabetes is on the rise.
Diabetes is really on rise in Algeria.
Diabetics, who have difficulty regulating their blood sugar, face a host of serious complications, including stroke, heart disease, kidney failure, blindness and limb amputations.
Diack said his hybrid wild boars look like commercial pigs, only they’re “fuzzy.”
Dial 110 at once.
Dial 411 for directory assistance.
Dial it back, Tom.
Dial it down, Tom.
Dialects of English spoken in one country often bewilder speakers of English from another.
Dialogue between poets has meaning.
Diamond cuts diamond.
Diamond is essentially hard.
Diamond is the hardest mineral, talcum is the softest.
Diamond rings and pendants set in 18-karat gold glitter in the showcases of Erica Jewellery Company Limited at a recent Hong Kong jewelry trade show.
Diamond rings are very expensive.
Diamond rings were not associated with marriage proposals until an advertising drive from the De Beers diamond cartel in the late 1940s embedded the idea in American culture.
Diamonds are a girl's best friends.
Diamonds are a girl’s best friends.
Diamonds are crystals.
Diamonds are forever.
Diamonds are not cheap.
Diamonds are the trump suit.
Diamonds are very hard.
Diamonds aren't cheap.
Diamonds contribute an additional 5% to exports.
Diamonds did not become a bride’s best friend until the 1930s.
Diana Deutsch conducts research on the perception and memory of sounds. Some of this has inspired her to develop musical illusions, tricking people's ears in the same way artist M.C. Escher tricked people's eyes.
Diana Krall takes a mellow turn on a collection of earthy love songs titled Quiet Nights.
Diana and Anna walked barefoot along the beach, hand in hand.
Diana beat the eggs and I mixed the cake.
Diana came over, dressed in HER second-best dress and looking exactly as it is proper to look when asked out to tea.
Diana emphasizes that when practiced sustainably, aquaculture can benefit the environment by reducing pressure from commercial fishing and even helping to rebuild wild populations.
Diana gasped.
Diana had much to tell Anne of what went on in school. She had to sit with Gertie Pye and she hated it.
Diana has been a faithful friend.
Diana is the beautiful goddess of the Moon and the forest.
Diana laughed. Diana always laughed before she spoke.
Diana looked shocked.
Diana showed me a new fancy crochet stitch her aunt over at Carmody taught her.
Diana wants to be a professor.
Diana wants to be a teacher.
Diana wants to become a professor.
Diana was unfaithful herself.
Diana wasn't exactly sure what educating public sentiment meant; but it sounded fine and she felt rather proud that she was going to belong to a society with such an aim in view.
Diana's singing impressed him so much that he asked her to sing on the radio.
Diana, you might take Anne out into the garden and show her your flowers.
Diana’s singing impressed him so much that he asked her to sing on the radio.
Diane is your half sister, too.
Diane is your half-sister too, George.
Diapers are expensive.
Diarrhea can kill by causing dehydration.
Diarrhea is an unpleasant symptom.
Diarrhoea is one of the leading causes of death worldwide.
Diaz says it is not clear which patients are most at risk of long COVID. She says they range from patients who have been hospitalized and required intensive care treatment to those with mild illnesses who were treated in ambulatory outpatient settings.
Dibs I go first!
Dibs.
Dicaeopolis is not present.
Dicaeopolis slowly walks out of his house.
Dicaeopolis walks out of his house and calls his slave.
Dice have differences in design in different cultures.
Dice the apple.
Dice the onions.
Dice the shallots and add them to the hot oil to fry them.
Diceopolis is Athenian.
Dick created that group.
Dick died at ten years of age.
Dick died when he was ten years old.
Dick died when he was ten-years-old.
Dick drew up to her.
Dick forced me to agree with his plan.
Dick got in a traffic accident.
Dick had a traffic accident.
Dick had been dependent on his parents, but now he's independent of them.
Dick has been dependent on his parents, but is now independent of them.
Dick is occasionally late to school.
Dick is sometimes late for school.
Dick passed me the photo.
Dick passed the photo to me.
Dick plans to go by himself.
Dick plans to go there alone.
Dick played piano and Lucy sang.
Dick played the piano and Lucy sang.
Dick promised to come back by three o'clock.
Dick promised to come back by three o’clock.
Dick says, "I can swim."
Dick showed a willingness to help us.
Dick takes after his mother in appearance.
Dick talks as if he knew everything.
Dick tried in vain to solve that problem.
Dick tried to solve that problem, but he couldn't.
Dick tried to solve the problem, in vain.
Dick was in a traffic accident.
Dick was involved in a traffic accident.
Dick was ten years old when he died.
Dickens was a very prolific writer.
Dickens was the author of 'Oliver Twist'.
Dickens was the author of ’Oliver Twist’.
Dickens' thoughts come across along with the vivid depiction of old London.
Dickens’ thoughts come across along with the vivid depiction of old London.
Dickhead.
Dictators are not the ones establishing dictatorships, the herds are.
Dictators can't be voted out, they must be thrown out.
Dictators use marginalized populations as scapegoats.
Dictatorship breeds dictatorship.
Dictatorship can be summed up by "shut up!", democracy by "keep talking".
Dictatorships are one-way streets. In democracies, there is traffic in the other direction.
Dictatorships can be built on ideologies.
Dictionaries are used to look up the words you don't know.
Dictionaries are used to look up the words you don’t know.
Dictionaries make mistakes, too.
Dictionary apps have obviated the need for printed dictionaries.
Did Abelaziz Bouteflika want to die in power?
Did Albert Einstein really say that?
Did Atlantis really exist?
Did Boumediene have hardcore socialist views?
Did Bush have ties to al-Qaida?
Did Caesar have a dog?
Did Cathy go, too?
Did Cookie do a number two?
Did Cookie do his business?
Did Cookie go poop?
Did Dan have dinner?
Did Dorenda really come back?!
Did Dr. Jackson attempt a diagnosis?
Did Dr. Jackson make a diagnosis?
Did Edmundo use that as an excuse?
Did Edward Zuckerberg commit incest?
Did Edward Zuckerberg make love with his daughter?
Did FC Groningen win or lose?
Did Facebook play a major role in the Arab Spring?
Did Fadil do something wrong?
Did Fadil have any enemies in the area?
Did Fadil kill Layla out of jealousy?
Did God create humans, or did humans create God?
Did God really create the earth in a single day?
Did Google ban you?
Did Greece ever have a king?
Did Helena write this novel?
Did I actually tell you this?
Did I actually utter this foolishness regarding you?
Did I agree to write this?
Did I already tell you today how much I love you?
Did I answer correctly?
Did I answer your question?
Did I arrive on time?
Did I ask for your help?
Did I ask you something?
Did I ask you to do that?
Did I ask you to tell me what you do?
Did I ask you?
Did I ask your opinion?
Did I ask?
Did I become invisible?
Did I blow it?
Did I bore you in there?
Did I break it?
Did I buy the right thing?
Did I call at a bad time?
Did I catch you at a bad time?
Did I come at a bad time?
Did I come at a good time?
Did I communicate my ideas effectively?
Did I cook for nothing?
Did I cross the line?
Did I do all that?
Did I do any damage to it?
Did I do anything stupid?
Did I do it right?
Did I do it?
Did I do something stupid?
Did I do something to make Tom angry?
Did I do something to make Tom mad at me?
Did I do something to offend you?
Did I do something to upset Tom?
Did I do something to upset you?
Did I do something to you?
Did I do something wrong, Tom?
Did I do something wrong?
Did I do something?
Did I do that right?
Did I do that?
Did I do this correctly?
Did I do well?
Did I drop that?
Did I eat it?
Did I embarrass you?
Did I ever say anything wrong to you?
Did I ever tell you about Tom?
Did I ever tell you about her?
Did I ever tell you about him?
Did I ever tell you about how I met Tom?
Did I ever tell you about that time Tom went to Boston?
Did I ever tell you about the time Tom did that?
Did I ever tell you about them?
Did I ever tell you about what I did last summer in Australia?
Did I ever tell you about what I did last summer in Boston?
Did I ever tell you how I broke my leg?
Did I ever tell you that you were my hero when I was a kid?
Did I ever tell you where I met your mother?
Did I ever tell you why I moved to Australia?
Did I ever tell you why I moved to Boston?
Did I fall asleep?
Did I fall in love with her?
Did I forget anyone?
Did I forget to mention that?
Did I forget to write the date?
Did I frighten you?
Did I get a good grade?
Did I get any mail this morning?
Did I get anything wrong?
Did I get it right?
Did I get robbed?
Did I get the date wrong?
Did I get the dates confused?
Did I get the spelling right?
Did I get this right?
Did I get you right?
Did I get you?
Did I give it to you?
Did I give you a note?
Did I give you enough money?
Did I give you enough time?
Did I give you that impression?
Did I give you the key?
Did I give you the tickets?
Did I have a choice?
Did I have them confused with somebody else?
Did I have them confused with someone else?
Did I hear somebody mention tequila?
Did I hear something, or did something fall?
Did I hear you correctly?
Did I hear you correctly? Are you saying you disagree?
Did I hear you right?
Did I hear you say that you were going to Boston next week?
Did I hear you say you could speak French?
Did I hear you say you thought it would rain?
Did I hear you talking to someone?
Did I hurt his feelings?
Did I hurt it?
Did I hurt you?
Did I hurt your feelings?
Did I hurt your feelings? I meant no harm.
Did I impress you?
Did I interrupt anything?
Did I interrupt something important?
Did I interrupt something?
Did I invite you?
Did I just do that?
Did I just hear something fall?
Did I just say something stupid?
Did I just say that?
Did I just say too much?
Did I just see what I think I saw?
Did I keep you waiting long?
Did I keep you waiting?
Did I leave anything out?
Did I leave my briefcase here?
Did I leave my keys here?
Did I leave my keys in the car?
Did I leave my umbrella at your house?
Did I leave my umbrella here?
Did I leave the hall light on?
Did I leave the stove on?
Did I leave the water running?
Did I lock the door?
Did I lock the front door?
Did I lose a lot?
Did I make a mistake again?
Did I make a mistake?
Did I make dinner yesterday? No, you made breakfast.
Did I make the team?
Did I marry the right person?
Did I mention I have dinner plans with Tom?
Did I mention I'm crazy?
Did I mention Mary is beautiful?
Did I mention Tom and Mary were doctors?
Did I mention Tom is handsome?
Did I mention Tom was a doctor?
Did I mention Tom?
Did I mention that I'm crazy?
Did I mention that Mary is beautiful?
Did I mention that Skura's grandfather is a billionaire?
Did I mention that Tom is handsome?
Did I mention that before?
Did I mention that he's handsome?
Did I mention that his father is a billionaire?
Did I mention that?
Did I mess up again?
Did I mishear?
Did I miss an episode?
Did I miss anything else?
Did I miss anything good?
Did I miss anything interesting?
Did I miss anything while I was off having a sulk?
Did I miss anything?
Did I miss much?
Did I miss something here?
Did I miss something interesting?
Did I miss something this morning?
Did I miss something?
Did I miss the party?
Did I miss the turn?
Did I need to cancel the conversation?
Did I not always respect you as a sister?
Did I not anticipate this?
Did I not mention that?
Did I offend you?
Did I or did I not help you?
Did I pass the test?
Did I promise you to do that?
Did I pronounce it correctly?
Did I pronounce that right?
Did I pronounce your name correctly?
Did I pronounce your name right?
Did I pronounce your name wrong?
Did I put too much rum in your drink?
Did I really ask for a brother?
Did I really do something wrong?
Did I really do that?
Did I really get voted the ugliest kid in the class?
Did I really have to do that?
Did I really say I loved you?
Did I really say that?
Did I remember to turn off the coffee machine?
Did I ruin your plans?
Did I say I was finished?
Did I say it right?
Did I say it wrong?
Did I say something I shouldn't have?
Did I say something funny?
Did I say something funny? Did I make a joke?
Did I say something stupid?
Did I say something to offend you?
Did I say something weird?
Did I say something wrong?
Did I say something?
Did I say that I have it?
Did I say that I wanted to marry you?
Did I say that?
Did I say the right thing?
Did I say the wrong thing again?
Did I say this nonsense about you?
Did I say too much?
Did I say you could sit there?
Did I say you could talk?
Did I say you could use my phone?
Did I say your name right?
Did I scare you?
Did I see someone waving to me or did I imagine seeing a hand waving?
Did I see what I saw?
Did I seriously write that sentence?
Did I show you this?
Did I sing that song OK?
Did I sing that song okay?
Did I sleep long?
Did I sound rude?
Did I spell your name correctly?
Did I startle you?
Did I stutter?
Did I succeed?
Did I surprise you?
Did I take my meds?
Did I talk about money?
Did I talk through all my worries so far? No.
Did I tell you I got a new job?
Did I tell you I got into Harvard?
Did I tell you I got my own office?
Did I tell you I had it?
Did I tell you I had this?
Did I tell you I now teach at the high school near your house?
Did I tell you I saw a big rat in the kitchen?
Did I tell you I think you're pretty?
Did I tell you Tom and I got engaged?
Did I tell you Tom and Mary aren't speaking?
Did I tell you about my book?
Did I tell you about my party this Friday?
Did I tell you how beautiful you looked tonight?
Did I tell you that I got my own office?
Did I tell you that I'm claustrophobic?
Did I tell you that already?
Did I tell you that?
Did I tell you we had rats?
Did I tell you what Melissa said?
Did I touch a nerve?
Did I touch a raw nerve?
Did I translate the sentence correctly?
Did I understand correctly that you don't want to talk about that subject?
Did I understand correctly that you will be giving an interview on the radio tomorrow?
Did I understand that correctly?
Did I understand the gist of the question correctly?
Did I understand you correctly?
Did I wake Tom up?
Did I wake her up?
Did I wake him up?
Did I wake them up?
Did I wake you guys?
Did I wake you up?
Did I wake you?
Did I win something?
Did I win?
Did I write everything down correctly?
Did I write my address?
Did I write that?
Did JD Vance kill the Pope?
Did Jane have fun at the concert last night?
Did Jane pray last night?
Did Jerry really win a lottery?
Did John wear his sunglasses to bed, too?
Did Ken and Joe eat lunch about noon?
Did Ken beat you up?
Did Klaus agree to teach you German?
Did Layla do that?
Did Layla get the flowers I sent?
Did Liz Truss kill the Queen?
Did Marika agree to come and live with you in Algeria?
Did Marika dream about going to Japan?
Did Marika dress like a Japanese woman?
Did Marika encourage you to learn Finnish?
Did Marika have penfriends from Japan?
Did Marika like Japanese comic books?
Did Marika like her trip to Japan?
Did Marika love to speak Swedish more than Finnish?
Did Marika read the Quran?
Did Marika show you how to milk cows?
Did Marika speak Swedish?
Did Marika take you to her father's farm in Iisalmi?
Did Marika talk much about Japan?
Did Marika teach you Swedish as well?
Did Marika teach you some words of Japanese?
Did Marika translate any comic books from Japanese into Finnish?
Did Marika understand Estonian?
Did Marika understand Japanese?
Did Marika want to go to Japan?
Did Marika write you letters in Finnish?
Did Mary actually do everything she said she did?
Did Mary actually do that by herself?
Did Mary actually do what she said she did?
Did Mary already submit the report?
Did Mary ask Tom why he ate her sandwich?
Did Mary ask you to go to Boston with her?
Did Mary behave herself while I was gone?
Did Mary behave herself?
Did Mary break her promise?
Did Mary decide to emigrate?
Did Mary decorate this room herself?
Did Mary do something she shouldn't have?
Did Mary do that by herself?
Did Mary do that herself?
Did Mary do that on her own?
Did Mary do what you asked her to do?
Did Mary drive herself home?
Did Mary drive to Boston by herself?
Did Mary enroll in a new learning course?
Did Mary ever talk to you about what she did in Australia?
Did Mary ever tell you how she first met Tom?
Did Mary ever tell you she loved you?
Did Mary ever tell you what she wanted for Christmas?
Did Mary ever tell you what she wanted you to do?
Did Mary ever tell you why she decided to drop out of school?
Did Mary ever tell you why she never remarried?
Did Mary expect Tom to eat lunch with her?
Did Mary explain how she did that?
Did Mary explain why she was angry?
Did Mary figure that out by herself?
Did Mary find the person she was looking for?
Did Mary find what she was looking for?
Did Mary finish her shopping early?
Did Mary get the flowers I sent?
Did Mary go fishing by herself?
Did Mary happen to tell you how she plans on doing that?
Did Mary happen to tell you how she plans to do that?
Did Mary have a boyfriend?
Did Mary have any other children besides Jesus?
Did Mary have to sign this agreement with Tom?
Did Mary have what she needed?
Did Mary hear Tom recite the poem?
Did Mary hurt herself?
Did Mary join the advanced learning program?
Did Mary kill herself?
Did Mary knit gloves for you both?
Did Mary know I didn't want her to do that?
Did Mary know I wanted her to do that?
Did Mary know that she was doing that the wrong way?
Did Mary know we didn't want her to do that?
Did Mary know we wanted her to do that?
Did Mary know we wanted her to go with us?
Did Mary know we wanted her to win?
Did Mary know what she was doing was wrong?
Did Mary know what she was doing?
Did Mary learn new survival skills recently?
Did Mary leave Tom or did she leave him?
Did Mary let Tom drive her car?
Did Mary let you drive her car?
Did Mary like the perfume Tom gave her?
Did Mary look like she was busy?
Did Mary make that herself?
Did Mary plan the next humanitarian trip?
Did Mary really die? Or is that a rumor?
Did Mary really do that by herself?
Did Mary really go there by herself?
Did Mary really kill her husband?
Did Mary really kill herself?
Did Mary really love me?
Did Mary really say she loved you?
Did Mary really say she thought I was smart?
Did Mary really think we would help her?
Did Mary really want Tom to dance with her?
Did Mary really want Tom to go to Boston with her?
Did Mary remember to do what we asked her to do?
Did Mary say anything about me?
Did Mary say anything about where she'd been?
Did Mary say anything about who she was with?
Did Mary say anything she shouldn't have?
Did Mary say how long she'd be away?
Did Mary say how long she'd be in Boston?
Did Mary say how she did it?
Did Mary say how she did that?
Did Mary say how she was able to do that?
Did Mary say how she was planning to get to Boston?
Did Mary say it was necessary for her to do that?
Did Mary say she did that by herself?
Did Mary say she did that herself?
Did Mary say she did that?
Did Mary say she didn't do that by herself?
Did Mary say she didn't do that?
Did Mary say she didn't have to do that?
Did Mary say she didn't need to do that?
Did Mary say she didn't think it was a bad idea for us to do that?
Did Mary say she didn't think it was a good idea for us to do that?
Did Mary say she didn't think we had to do that?
Did Mary say she didn't think we needed to do that?
Did Mary say she didn't think we should do that?
Did Mary say she didn't want to do that?
Did Mary say she drank that?
Did Mary say she had to do that today?
Did Mary say she had to do that?
Did Mary say she helped?
Did Mary say she left early?
Did Mary say she loved you?
Did Mary say she needed to do that today?
Did Mary say she needed to do that?
Did Mary say she planned on doing that?
Did Mary say she planned to do that?
Did Mary say she stayed in Boston?
Did Mary say she thought it was a bad idea for us to do that?
Did Mary say she thought it was a good idea for us to do that?
Did Mary say she thought it was necessary for us to do that?
Did Mary say she thought it would be difficult to do that?
Did Mary say she thought it would be easy to do that?
Did Mary say she thought it would be hard to do that?
Did Mary say she thought she didn't have to do that?
Did Mary say she thought she didn't need to do that?
Did Mary say she thought she had to do that?
Did Mary say she thought she needed to do that?
Did Mary say she thought that was fun?
Did Mary say she thought we didn't have to do that?
Did Mary say she thought we didn't need to do that?
Did Mary say she thought we had to do that?
Did Mary say she thought we needed to do that?
Did Mary say she wanted to do that?
Did Mary say she was going to do that?
Did Mary say she was going to drink that?
Did Mary say she was going to walk to school tomorrow?
Did Mary say she was worried?
Did Mary say she went to Boston?
Did Mary say she'd be busy?
Did Mary say she'd do that?
Did Mary say she'd eat lunch with us?
Did Mary say she'd eat with us?
Did Mary say she'd go to Boston?
Did Mary say she'd help Tom do that?
Did Mary say she'd help Tom?
Did Mary say she'd stay in Boston?
Did Mary say she'd visit Boston?
Did Mary say what she did last weekend?
Did Mary say what she needed the money for?
Did Mary say what she wanted?
Did Mary say what she was planning to do this evening?
Did Mary say when she'd arrive?
Did Mary say when she'd be here?
Did Mary say when she'd come to visit?
Did Mary say when she'd do that?
Did Mary say where she did that?
Did Mary say where she found your wallet?
Did Mary say where she was going?
Did Mary say where she was last weekend?
Did Mary say where she was?
Did Mary say where she went last weekend?
Did Mary say where we should meet her?
Did Mary say which way she'd be heading?
Did Mary say who she was with last weekend?
Did Mary say who she went to Boston with?
Did Mary say who she'd be coming with?
Did Mary say who was going to help her fix her car?
Did Mary say who was going to help her?
Did Mary say why she agreed to do that?
Did Mary say why she did that?
Did Mary say why she gave it to you?
Did Mary say why she wanted to borrow the truck?
Did Mary say why she wanted to quit?
Did Mary say why she was fired?
Did Mary say why she was here?
Did Mary say why she was leaving?
Did Mary say why she wasn't coming?
Did Mary say why she's going to Boston?
Did Mary sign?
Did Mary slap Tom?
Did Mary support the revolution?
Did Mary tell Tom why she ate his sandwich?
Did Mary tell Tom why she couldn't help him?
Did Mary tell Tom why she did that?
Did Mary tell Tom why she didn't do that?
Did Mary tell you about her boyfriend?
Did Mary tell you about what she and Tom did last weekend?
Did Mary tell you about what she did last week?
Did Mary tell you how long it took her to do that?
Did Mary tell you how she and Tom met?
Did Mary tell you how she met Tom?
Did Mary tell you how to do it?
Did Mary tell you she asked Tom to babysit tonight?
Did Mary tell you she was Tom's wife?
Did Mary tell you she was having money problems?
Did Mary tell you she's studying French?
Did Mary tell you that she thinks Tom and me are dating?
Did Mary tell you that she'd be late?
Did Mary tell you what she told me?
Did Mary tell you what she was planning to do?
Did Mary tell you where she bought it?
Did Mary tell you where she got this?
Did Mary tell you where she was going?
Did Mary tell you where she was last night?
Did Mary tell you why she did that?
Did Mary volunteer for another mission?
Did Mennad have a good doctor?
Did Michael Jackson die as a Muslim?
Did Michael have something to do with this?
Did Mike stop drinking alcoholic drinks?
Did Ming's father play tennis yesterday?
Did Ming’s father play tennis yesterday?
Did Moses really hear God speaking?
Did Mr Davis come to Japan to teach English?
Did Mr. Davis come to Japan to teach English?
Did Muhammad write the Quran?
Did Napoleon really do that?
Did Noel come down on the price?
Did Oprah really say that?
Did Pakistani intelligence really know nothing about the terrorist's whereabouts?
Did Pakistani intelligence really know nothing about the terrorist’s whereabouts?
Did Paula study for today's test?
Did Paula study for today’s test?
Did Philip die?
Did Raskolnikov commit a justifiable homicide?
Did Robert even know what responsibility meant?
Did Robert really attack someone?
Did Sami drink all of this?
Did Sami eat all the soup?
Did Sami give you my message?
Did Sami have a fight with Layla?
Did Sami have any reason to end his life?
Did Sami hit Layla?
Did Sami try to commit suicide?
Did Sami try to persuade you to do that, too?
Did Santiago even need help?
Did Shakespeare really write the works that are attributed to him?
Did Shakespeare speak Esperanto?
Did Spot go, too?
Did Thomas get sick?
Did Thomas know?
Did Tom accept our invitation?
Did Tom accept our offer?
Did Tom accept the deal?
Did Tom accept your invitation?
Did Tom accept your offer?
Did Tom accomplish his goals?
Did Tom actually agree to do that?
Did Tom actually buy these?
Did Tom actually come to ask for money again?
Did Tom actually do everything he said he did?
Did Tom actually do it?
Did Tom actually do that by himself?
Did Tom actually do that in less than three hours?
Did Tom actually do that without any help?
Did Tom actually do that?
Did Tom actually do what he said he did?
Did Tom actually eat a frog?
Did Tom actually go to Australia?
Did Tom actually go to Boston?
Did Tom actually say that to you?
Did Tom actually say that?
Did Tom actually see Mary do that?
Did Tom actually see Mary doing that?
Did Tom actually see Mary eat your piece of pie?
Did Tom actually see Mary eating my sandwich?
Did Tom actually tell you that?
Did Tom admit he was wrong?
Did Tom admit it?
Did Tom admit that he was wrong?
Did Tom agree to do it?
Did Tom agree to do that?
Did Tom agree to go to Australia?
Did Tom agree to go to Boston?
Did Tom agree to our terms?
Did Tom agree to stay in Boston for another week?
Did Tom agree with you?
Did Tom agree?
Did Tom already know that?
Did Tom also do that?
Did Tom and Mary actually do everything they said they did?
Did Tom and Mary actually do that by themselves?
Did Tom and Mary actually do what they said they did?
Did Tom and Mary ask you to go to Boston with them?
Did Tom and Mary behave themselves while I was gone?
Did Tom and Mary both have to do that?
Did Tom and Mary both order coffee?
Did Tom and Mary break their promises?
Did Tom and Mary break up?
Did Tom and Mary do anything else?
Did Tom and Mary do anything?
Did Tom and Mary do something they shouldn't have?
Did Tom and Mary do something wrong?
Did Tom and Mary do that alone?
Did Tom and Mary do that by themselves?
Did Tom and Mary do that for you?
Did Tom and Mary do that intentionally?
Did Tom and Mary do that on purpose?
Did Tom and Mary do that on their own?
Did Tom and Mary do that recently?
Did Tom and Mary do that themselves?
Did Tom and Mary do that today?
Did Tom and Mary do that well?
Did Tom and Mary do that?
Did Tom and Mary do well on the exam?
Did Tom and Mary do what you asked them to do?
Did Tom and Mary drive themselves home?
Did Tom and Mary drive to Boston by themselves?
Did Tom and Mary ever talk to you about what they did in Australia?
Did Tom and Mary ever tell you how they first met John?
Did Tom and Mary ever tell you what they wanted for Christmas?
Did Tom and Mary ever tell you what they wanted you to do?
Did Tom and Mary ever tell you why they decided to drop out of school?
Did Tom and Mary explain how they did that?
Did Tom and Mary explain why they were angry?
Did Tom and Mary figure that out by themselves?
Did Tom and Mary find a babysitter for John?
Did Tom and Mary find a sitter for John?
Did Tom and Mary find the person they were looking for?
Did Tom and Mary find what they were looking for?
Did Tom and Mary get along?
Did Tom and Mary get married?
Did Tom and Mary give you any feedback?
Did Tom and Mary go fishing by themselves?
Did Tom and Mary go on lots of trips together?
Did Tom and Mary go to the park together?
Did Tom and Mary happen to tell you how they plan on doing that?
Did Tom and Mary happen to tell you how they plan to do that?
Did Tom and Mary have an argument?
Did Tom and Mary have what they needed?
Did Tom and Mary hurt themselves?
Did Tom and Mary kill themselves?
Did Tom and Mary know I didn't want them to do that?
Did Tom and Mary know I wanted them to do that?
Did Tom and Mary know that they were doing that the wrong way?
Did Tom and Mary know we didn't want them to do that?
Did Tom and Mary know we wanted them to do that?
Did Tom and Mary know we wanted them to go with us?
Did Tom and Mary know what they were doing was wrong?
Did Tom and Mary know what they were doing?
Did Tom and Mary leave early?
Did Tom and Mary leave in the same car?
Did Tom and Mary let you drive their car?
Did Tom and Mary look OK?
Did Tom and Mary look busy?
Did Tom and Mary look like they were busy?
Did Tom and Mary make it?
Did Tom and Mary make this for you?
Did Tom and Mary order coffee?
Did Tom and Mary really do that by themselves?
Did Tom and Mary really get married yesterday?
Did Tom and Mary really go there by themselves?
Did Tom and Mary really kill themselves?
Did Tom and Mary really say they thought I was smart?
Did Tom and Mary really think we'd help them?
Did Tom and Mary really want John to go to Boston with them?
Did Tom and Mary remember to do what we asked them to do?
Did Tom and Mary say anything about where they'd been?
Did Tom and Mary say anything about who they were with?
Did Tom and Mary say anything they shouldn't have?
Did Tom and Mary say how long they'd be away?
Did Tom and Mary say how long they'd be in Boston?
Did Tom and Mary say how they did it?
Did Tom and Mary say how they did that?
Did Tom and Mary say how they were able to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say how they were planning to get to Boston?
Did Tom and Mary say it was necessary for them to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they did that by themselves?
Did Tom and Mary say they did that themselves?
Did Tom and Mary say they did that?
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't do that by themselves?
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't have to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't need to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't think it was a good idea for us to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't think we had to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't think we needed to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't think we should do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't want to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they had to do that today?
Did Tom and Mary say they had to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they helped?
Did Tom and Mary say they needed to do that today?
Did Tom and Mary say they needed to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they planned on doing that?
Did Tom and Mary say they planned to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they stayed in Boston?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought it was a good idea for us to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought it was necessary for us to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought it would be difficult to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought it would be easy to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought it would be hard to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought that was fun?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought they didn't have to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought they didn't need to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought they had to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought they needed to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought we didn't have to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought we didn't need to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought we had to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought we needed to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they wanted to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they were going to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they were going to walk to school tomorrow?
Did Tom and Mary say they were worried?
Did Tom and Mary say they would do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they would have lunch with us?
Did Tom and Mary say they'd be busy?
Did Tom and Mary say they'd do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they'd eat lunch with us?
Did Tom and Mary say they'd eat with us?
Did Tom and Mary say they'd go to Boston?
Did Tom and Mary say they'd help John do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they'd stay in Boston?
Did Tom and Mary say they'd visit Boston?
Did Tom and Mary say what they did last weekend?
Did Tom and Mary say what they needed the money for?
Did Tom and Mary say what they wanted?
Did Tom and Mary say what they were planning to do this evening?
Did Tom and Mary say when they'd arrive?
Did Tom and Mary say when they'd be back?
Did Tom and Mary say when they'd be here?
Did Tom and Mary say when they'd come to visit?
Did Tom and Mary say when they'd do that?
Did Tom and Mary say where they did that?
Did Tom and Mary say where they found your wallet?
Did Tom and Mary say where they went last weekend?
Did Tom and Mary say where they were going?
Did Tom and Mary say where they were last weekend?
Did Tom and Mary say where they were?
Did Tom and Mary say where we should meet them?
Did Tom and Mary say which way they'd be heading?
Did Tom and Mary say who they went to Boston with?
Did Tom and Mary say who they were with last weekend?
Did Tom and Mary say who they'd be coming with?
Did Tom and Mary say who was going to help them fix their car?
Did Tom and Mary say who was going to help them?
Did Tom and Mary say why they agreed to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say why they did that?
Did Tom and Mary say why they gave it to you?
Did Tom and Mary say why they wanted to borrow the truck?
Did Tom and Mary say why they wanted to quit?
Did Tom and Mary say why they were fired?
Did Tom and Mary say why they were here?
Did Tom and Mary say why they were leaving?
Did Tom and Mary say why they weren't coming?
Did Tom and Mary say why they're going to Boston?
Did Tom and Mary tell John why they couldn't help him?
Did Tom and Mary tell John why they did that?
Did Tom and Mary tell John why they didn't do that?
Did Tom and Mary tell you about what they did last week?
Did Tom and Mary tell you how long it took them to do that?
Did Tom and Mary tell you that they'd be late?
Did Tom and Mary tell you they asked John to babysit tonight?
Did Tom and Mary tell you they were having money problems?
Did Tom and Mary tell you they're studying French?
Did Tom and Mary tell you what they told me?
Did Tom and Mary tell you what they were planning to do?
Did Tom and Mary tell you where they bought it?
Did Tom and Mary tell you where they were going?
Did Tom and Mary tell you where they were last night?
Did Tom and Mary tell you why they did that?
Did Tom answer all your questions?
Did Tom answer?
Did Tom anticipate his own demise?
Did Tom apologize to you?
Did Tom apologize?
Did Tom approve?
Did Tom arrive on time?
Did Tom ask Mary about me?
Did Tom ask Mary any questions?
Did Tom ask Mary to do that?
Did Tom ask Mary to leave?
Did Tom ask Mary why she ate his sandwich?
Did Tom ask Mary why she did that?
Did Tom ask Mary why she didn't do that?
Did Tom ask about me?
Did Tom ask about us?
Did Tom ask any questions?
Did Tom ask for a cup of coffee?
Did Tom ask for anything else?
Did Tom ask for anything in return?
Did Tom ask for anything?
Did Tom ask for help?
Did Tom ask us to wait?
Did Tom ask you about it himself?
Did Tom ask you about that?
Did Tom ask you any questions?
Did Tom ask you anything about that?
Did Tom ask you for any money?
Did Tom ask you for anything else?
Did Tom ask you for help?
Did Tom ask you on a date?
Did Tom ask you out again?
Did Tom ask you out?
Did Tom ask you something?
Did Tom ask you to come talk to me?
Did Tom ask you to do it?
Did Tom ask you to do something?
Did Tom ask you to do that?
Did Tom ask you to do this?
Did Tom ask you to give him anything?
Did Tom ask you to give me something?
Did Tom ask you to go to Australia with Mary?
Did Tom ask you to go to Australia with him?
Did Tom ask you to go to Boston with Mary?
Did Tom ask you to go to Boston with him?
Did Tom ask you to help?
Did Tom ask you to kill me?
Did Tom ask you to stop doing that?
Did Tom ask you to talk to me?
Did Tom ask you to write this?
Did Tom ask you why you did that?
Did Tom ask you why you didn't do that?
Did Tom ask you?
Did Tom attack you?
Did Tom attend the meeting?
Did Tom back out?
Did Tom become violent?
Did Tom behave himself while I was gone?
Did Tom behave himself?
Did Tom being there make any difference?
Did Tom believe it?
Did Tom believe you?
Did Tom bite someone again?
Did Tom bite you?
Did Tom borrow any money from you?
Did Tom borrow money from you?
Did Tom bother you again?
Did Tom break any rules?
Did Tom break his promise?
Did Tom break something again?
Did Tom break your heart?
Did Tom bribe Mary?
Did Tom bring anybody to the party?
Did Tom bring his trumpet?
Did Tom brush his teeth?
Did Tom build a shelter on the island?
Did Tom buy a lot today?
Did Tom buy a raffle ticket?
Did Tom buy anything for Mary?
Did Tom buy anything for you?
Did Tom buy anything?
Did Tom buy everything on the list?
Did Tom buy it?
Did Tom buy orange juice?
Did Tom buy that for Mary?
Did Tom buy that for you?
Did Tom buy that?
Did Tom buy this kind of juice?
Did Tom buy you something?
Did Tom buy your story?
Did Tom call Mary a moron?
Did Tom call Mary?
Did Tom call about Mary?
Did Tom call again?
Did Tom call last night?
Did Tom call while I was out?
Did Tom call you back?
Did Tom call you last night?
Did Tom call you?
Did Tom call?
Did Tom catch as many fish as you did?
Did Tom cause this?
Did Tom change anything?
Did Tom change his mind?
Did Tom change his opinion?
Did Tom change his story?
Did Tom cheat?
Did Tom clean his room?
Did Tom close the door?
Did Tom come alone?
Did Tom come back?
Did Tom come by?
Did Tom come here today?
Did Tom come here yesterday?
Did Tom come here?
Did Tom come home last night?
Did Tom come home?
Did Tom come to Australia as well?
Did Tom come to Australia with you?
Did Tom come to Boston as well?
Did Tom come to Boston with you?
Did Tom come to school every day last week?
Did Tom come to the party with anyone?
Did Tom come to the party?
Did Tom come to the rescue?
Did Tom come today?
Did Tom come with Mary?
Did Tom come with you?
Did Tom come?
Did Tom complain?
Did Tom complete his shopping list?
Did Tom confess to killing Mary?
Did Tom confess?
Did Tom contact you?
Did Tom contribute to the freedom movement?
Did Tom crash?
Did Tom cry?
Did Tom dance with Mary?
Did Tom dance?
Did Tom deliver the letter?
Did Tom deny that?
Did Tom deserve to be let go?
Did Tom die in a fire?
Did Tom die in that accident?
Did Tom die?
Did Tom discuss emigrating with his family?
Did Tom discuss it with Mary?
Did Tom discuss that with Mary?
Did Tom do a good job?
Did Tom do a lot today?
Did Tom do anything else?
Did Tom do anything?
Did Tom do it alone?
Did Tom do it for you?
Did Tom do it himself?
Did Tom do it the way Mary said he did it?
Did Tom do it?
Did Tom do much today?
Did Tom do something he shouldn't have?
Did Tom do something to you?
Did Tom do something wrong?
Did Tom do something?
Did Tom do that alone?
Did Tom do that as well?
Did Tom do that by himself?
Did Tom do that for Mary?
Did Tom do that for free?
Did Tom do that for you?
Did Tom do that himself?
Did Tom do that intentionally?
Did Tom do that on his own?
Did Tom do that on purpose?
Did Tom do that out of spite?
Did Tom do that recently?
Did Tom do that to you?
Did Tom do that today?
Did Tom do that well?
Did Tom do that without any help?
Did Tom do that, too?
Did Tom do that?
Did Tom do this alone?
Did Tom do this himself?
Did Tom do this to you?
Did Tom do this?
Did Tom do well in the exam?
Did Tom do well on the exam?
Did Tom do what Mary asked him to do?
Did Tom do what he needed to do?
Did Tom do what he promised he'd do?
Did Tom do what you asked him to do?
Did Tom draw this picture by himself?
Did Tom draw this?
Did Tom drink all of that?
Did Tom drink all that?
Did Tom drink all the wine?
Did Tom drink anything?
Did Tom drink beer?
Did Tom drink coffee?
Did Tom drink it all?
Did Tom drink it?
Did Tom drink tea?
Did Tom drink the whole bottle of wine by himself?
Did Tom drink wine?
Did Tom drive Mary home?
Did Tom drive himself home?
Did Tom drive to Boston by himself?
Did Tom drive you home?
Did Tom drive?
Did Tom drop by today?
Did Tom drown?
Did Tom dump Mary, or did she dump him?
Did Tom eat a lot today?
Did Tom eat all his soup?
Did Tom eat all his vegetables?
Did Tom eat all the cookies?
Did Tom eat all the sandwiches that you made for him?
Did Tom eat all the stew?
Did Tom eat anything else?
Did Tom eat anything?
Did Tom eat breakfast?
Did Tom eat dessert?
Did Tom eat dinner?
Did Tom eat everything on his plate?
Did Tom eat his dinner?
Did Tom eat the apple that Mary gave him?
Did Tom eat the apple you gave him?
Did Tom eat the rest of the pizza?
Did Tom eat the rest of the soup?
Did Tom eat the same thing you ate?
Did Tom eat the same thing?
Did Tom eat the whole cake by himself?
Did Tom eat the whole cake?
Did Tom eat this morning?
Did Tom eat what you ate?
Did Tom eat?
Did Tom enjoy it?
Did Tom escape?
Did Tom even know Mary could do that?
Did Tom even realize that he'd made a mistake?
Did Tom ever answer you?
Did Tom ever ask Mary to do that?
Did Tom ever ask Mary to stop doing that?
Did Tom ever ask about Mary?
Did Tom ever ask about me?
Did Tom ever ask you out?
Did Tom ever ask you that?
Did Tom ever ask you to stop doing that?
Did Tom ever date Mary?
Did Tom ever do that with you?
Did Tom ever do that?
Did Tom ever go out with Mary?
Did Tom ever have any dealings with Mary?
Did Tom ever have lunch with Mary?
Did Tom ever hurt you?
Did Tom ever kiss Mary?
Did Tom ever mention Mary?
Did Tom ever mention a Canadian named Mary?
Did Tom ever mention a nurse named Mary Jackson?
Did Tom ever mention me?
Did Tom ever regain consciousness?
Did Tom ever reveal any of his secrets?
Did Tom ever say anything to you about that?
Did Tom ever say anything to you about what happened?
Did Tom ever study French?
Did Tom ever take part?
Did Tom ever talk about his father?
Did Tom ever talk about me?
Did Tom ever talk to Mary?
Did Tom ever talk to you about what he did in Australia?
Did Tom ever tell you any of this?
Did Tom ever tell you he loved you?
Did Tom ever tell you how he first met Mary?
Did Tom ever tell you what Mary looked like?
Did Tom ever tell you what he wanted for Christmas?
Did Tom ever tell you what he wanted you to do?
Did Tom ever tell you what it was?
Did Tom ever tell you where he hid the diamonds?
Did Tom ever tell you where he was born?
Did Tom ever tell you where the treasure was buried?
Did Tom ever tell you why he decided to drop out of school?
Did Tom ever tell you why he didn't like Mary?
Did Tom ever tell you why he never remarried?
Did Tom ever tell you why he was late?
Did Tom ever tell you why we were so close?
Did Tom ever tell you why?
Did Tom ever threaten you?
Did Tom ever visit Mary?
Did Tom ever win?
Did Tom expect Mary to do that?
Did Tom expect Mary to eat lunch with him?
Did Tom expect you to do that?
Did Tom explain everything to you?
Did Tom explain how he did that?
Did Tom explain to you what's going to happen?
Did Tom explain why he hadn't done it yet?
Did Tom explain why he was angry?
Did Tom fail again?
Did Tom fail?
Did Tom faint?
Did Tom fall asleep?
Did Tom fall in love with Mary?
Did Tom fall?
Did Tom feed the dog this morning?
Did Tom feed you?
Did Tom fight back?
Did Tom fight?
Did Tom figure that out by himself?
Did Tom find Mary?
Did Tom find anybody to help him?
Did Tom find anyone to help him?
Did Tom find anything?
Did Tom find her?
Did Tom find him?
Did Tom find it?
Did Tom find out who did that?
Did Tom find somewhere to hide?
Did Tom find the cave?
Did Tom find the person he was looking for?
Did Tom find them?
Did Tom find what he was looking for?
Did Tom find you?
Did Tom finish the grocery shopping?
Did Tom finish?
Did Tom fire Mary?
Did Tom force you not to do that?
Did Tom force you to do that?
Did Tom forget his promise?
Did Tom forget to close the door?
Did Tom forget to pay?
Did Tom forgive Mary?
Did Tom forgive you for what you did last week?
Did Tom forgive you?
Did Tom freak out?
Did Tom get a chance to do that?
Did Tom get a chance?
Did Tom get a promotion?
Did Tom get a receipt?
Did Tom get angry?
Did Tom get any gifts?
Did Tom get any sleep?
Did Tom get away with murder?
Did Tom get away with that?
Did Tom get away?
Did Tom get back safely?
Did Tom get drunk again?
Did Tom get everything he needed?
Did Tom get hurt in the accident yesterday?
Did Tom get hurt?
Did Tom get in trouble?
Did Tom get into trouble?
Did Tom get it?
Did Tom get my message?
Did Tom get offended?
Did Tom get sick?
Did Tom get the briefcase?
Did Tom get the job done?
Did Tom get the message?
Did Tom get the package that we sent him?
Did Tom get the package that we sent to him?
Did Tom get the package that you sent him?
Did Tom get the package we sent him?
Did Tom get the package we sent to him?
Did Tom get there in time?
Did Tom get up early this morning?
Did Tom give Mary a gun?
Did Tom give Mary anything?
Did Tom give Mary that?
Did Tom give Mary the money?
Did Tom give a gun to Mary?
Did Tom give a reason why he was going to be late?
Did Tom give a reason?
Did Tom give any other advice?
Did Tom give any other instructions?
Did Tom give any other suggestions?
Did Tom give her permission?
Did Tom give him permission?
Did Tom give it back to you yet?
Did Tom give it to you?
Did Tom give me permission?
Did Tom give that to Mary?
Did Tom give that to you?
Did Tom give the money to Mary?
Did Tom give them permission?
Did Tom give them to you?
Did Tom give up?
Did Tom give us permission?
Did Tom give you a hard time?
Did Tom give you a reason?
Did Tom give you a receipt?
Did Tom give you a ride?
Did Tom give you any other advice?
Did Tom give you any other instructions?
Did Tom give you any other suggestions?
Did Tom give you any tips on how to do that?
Did Tom give you anything else?
Did Tom give you anything for me?
Did Tom give you anything to eat?
Did Tom give you anything?
Did Tom give you back your pen?
Did Tom give you guys permission?
Did Tom give you my message?
Did Tom give you permission to do that?
Did Tom give you permission?
Did Tom give you power of attorney?
Did Tom give you something for me?
Did Tom give you something to give to me?
Did Tom give you something?
Did Tom give you that?
Did Tom give you the money?
Did Tom give you what you wanted?
Did Tom go alone?
Did Tom go anywhere last week?
Did Tom go back home?
Did Tom go fishing by himself?
Did Tom go home?
Did Tom go somewhere last night?
Did Tom go somewhere?
Did Tom go swimming today?
Did Tom go swimming with you?
Did Tom go there without you?
Did Tom go there?
Did Tom go through with it?
Did Tom go to Australia by himself?
Did Tom go to Australia in October?
Did Tom go to Australia last year?
Did Tom go to Australia with you when you went?
Did Tom go to Australia with you?
Did Tom go to Australia?
Did Tom go to Boston in October?
Did Tom go to Boston with you?
Did Tom go to Boston yesterday?
Did Tom go to Boston?
Did Tom go to class today?
Did Tom go to college?
Did Tom go to see Mary?
Did Tom go to sleep?
Did Tom go to summer camp?
Did Tom go to the concert last Monday?
Did Tom go to the concert with you last night?
Did Tom go to the park with Mary?
Did Tom go to the station to see Mary off?
Did Tom go to university?
Did Tom go to work today?
Did Tom go with Mary?
Did Tom go with you?
Did Tom go, too?
Did Tom go?
Did Tom graduate?
Did Tom grow up in Australia?
Did Tom grow up in Boston?
Did Tom happen to mention anything about that?
Did Tom happen to tell you how he plans on doing that?
Did Tom happen to tell you how he plans to do that?
Did Tom harass you?
Did Tom have a counterproposal?
Did Tom have a fight with Mary?
Did Tom have a girlfriend back then?
Did Tom have a good time in Australia?
Did Tom have a good time in Boston?
Did Tom have a gun?
Did Tom have a hard time?
Did Tom have a plan?
Did Tom have a problem with that?
Did Tom have a stroke?
Did Tom have a weapon?
Did Tom have an alibi for that night?
Did Tom have any comment on that?
Did Tom have any enemies you can think of?
Did Tom have any enemies you know of?
Did Tom have any enemies?
Did Tom have any help?
Did Tom have any history of heart problems?
Did Tom have any problems that you know of?
Did Tom have any problems?
Did Tom have any suggestions?
Did Tom have any sunscreen?
Did Tom have anything else to say?
Did Tom have anything interesting to say?
Did Tom have dinner?
Did Tom have enough time?
Did Tom have his dinner?
Did Tom have it?
Did Tom have sandwiches for lunch?
Did Tom have school today?
Did Tom have to do that, too?
Did Tom have to do that?
Did Tom have to surrender his passport?
Did Tom have what he needed?
Did Tom have what we needed?
Did Tom help Mary do that?
Did Tom help Mary?
Did Tom help his mother yesterday?
Did Tom help you?
Did Tom help?
Did Tom hit Mary?
Did Tom hit you again?
Did Tom hit you?
Did Tom hock his saxophone again?
Did Tom hug Mary?
Did Tom hurt Mary?
Did Tom hurt anyone else?
Did Tom hurt anyone?
Did Tom hurt himself?
Did Tom hurt somebody?
Did Tom hurt you guys?
Did Tom hurt you?
Did Tom improve his survival abilities?
Did Tom introduce you to Mary?
Did Tom invite Mary?
Did Tom invite you?
Did Tom iron his pants?
Did Tom join the fight for freedom?
Did Tom jump, or was he pushed?
Did Tom just call you Babe?
Did Tom just call you Honey?
Did Tom just call?
Did Tom just do it for the money?
Did Tom just go in there?
Did Tom just insult me?
Did Tom just leave?
Did Tom just make a joke?
Did Tom keep his promise?
Did Tom kick you out?
Did Tom kill Mary?
Did Tom kill himself?
Did Tom kill his wife?
Did Tom kiss Mary?
Did Tom kiss you?
Did Tom know I didn't want him to do that?
Did Tom know I wanted him to do that?
Did Tom know Mary could do that?
Did Tom know Mary couldn't do that?
Did Tom know Mary couldn't eat peanuts?
Did Tom know Mary was going to do that?
Did Tom know Mary was looking for John?
Did Tom know Mary was planning on doing that?
Did Tom know Mary was planning to do that?
Did Tom know Mary wasn't going to do that?
Did Tom know Mary wasn't planning on doing that?
Did Tom know Mary wasn't planning to do that?
Did Tom know Mary wouldn't do that?
Did Tom know Mary's address?
Did Tom know Mary?
Did Tom know about Mary's drinking problem?
Did Tom know about the funds?
Did Tom know about the list?
Did Tom know about this?
Did Tom know he was doing it the wrong way?
Did Tom know he was doing that the wrong way?
Did Tom know it?
Did Tom know that I didn't want him to do that?
Did Tom know that I wanted him to do that?
Did Tom know that Mary could do that?
Did Tom know that Mary couldn't do that?
Did Tom know that Mary was going to do that?
Did Tom know that Mary was planning on doing that?
Did Tom know that Mary was planning to do that?
Did Tom know that Mary wasn't going to do that?
Did Tom know that Mary wasn't planning on doing that?
Did Tom know that Mary wasn't planning to do that?
Did Tom know that he was doing it the wrong way?
Did Tom know that he was doing that the wrong way?
Did Tom know that that would happen?
Did Tom know that would happen?
Did Tom know that you could do that?
Did Tom know that you couldn't do that?
Did Tom know that you were going to be here?
Did Tom know that you were going to do that?
Did Tom know that you were going to do this?
Did Tom know that you were here?
Did Tom know that you were hungry?
Did Tom know that you were planning on doing that?
Did Tom know that you were planning to do that?
Did Tom know that you weren't going to do that?
Did Tom know that you weren't planning on doing that?
Did Tom know that you weren't planning to do that?
Did Tom know that?
Did Tom know the Jacksons?
Did Tom know the answer?
Did Tom know the women who died?
Did Tom know this?
Did Tom know we didn't want him to do that?
Did Tom know we didn't want him to win?
Did Tom know we wanted him to do that?
Did Tom know we wanted him to go with us?
Did Tom know we wanted him to win?
Did Tom know what had happened?
Did Tom know what he was doing was wrong?
Did Tom know what he was doing?
Did Tom know what it was?
Did Tom know what that was?
Did Tom know what to do?
Did Tom know where Mary lived?
Did Tom know where Mary worked?
Did Tom know who that woman was?
Did Tom know who you were?
Did Tom know you could do that?
Did Tom know you couldn't do that?
Did Tom know you were going to be here?
Did Tom know you were going to do that?
Did Tom know you were going to do this?
Did Tom know you were here?
Did Tom know you were hungry?
Did Tom know you were planning on doing that?
Did Tom know you were planning to do that?
Did Tom know you weren't going to do that?
Did Tom know you weren't planning on doing that?
Did Tom know you weren't planning to do that?
Did Tom know?
Did Tom laugh?
Did Tom lay a hand on you?
Did Tom leave Mary or did she leave him?
Did Tom leave a message for me?
Did Tom leave a message?
Did Tom leave a suicide note?
Did Tom leave a will?
Did Tom leave anything behind?
Did Tom leave anything here?
Did Tom leave anything?
Did Tom leave early?
Did Tom leave something here for me?
Did Tom leave the group?
Did Tom leave us enough food?
Did Tom leave with Mary?
Did Tom leave without you?
Did Tom leave you?
Did Tom leave?
Did Tom let Mary drive his car?
Did Tom let Mary leave?
Did Tom let you borrow his umbrella?
Did Tom let you come in?
Did Tom let you do what you wanted?
Did Tom let you drive his car?
Did Tom let you in?
Did Tom lie to Mary?
Did Tom lie to us?
Did Tom lie?
Did Tom like Australia?
Did Tom like Boston?
Did Tom like any of those?
Did Tom like it in Australia?
Did Tom like it in Boston?
Did Tom like it?
Did Tom like your design?
Did Tom like your new shirt?
Did Tom listen to everything you said?
Did Tom listen to you?
Did Tom live alone?
Did Tom look OK?
Did Tom look angry?
Did Tom look bored?
Did Tom look busy?
Did Tom look confused?
Did Tom look happy to go?
Did Tom look in his bag?
Did Tom look like he knew what he was doing?
Did Tom look like he was bored?
Did Tom look like he was busy?
Did Tom look like he was getting sleepy?
Did Tom look like he was happy?
Did Tom look like he was having a good time?
Did Tom look like he was having fun?
Did Tom look like he was interested?
Did Tom look like he was lonely?
Did Tom look like he was sleeping?
Did Tom look like he was tired?
Did Tom look scared?
Did Tom look upset?
Did Tom look?
Did Tom lose a lot today?
Did Tom lose?
Did Tom love Mary?
Did Tom make Mary leave?
Did Tom make cookies for you?
Did Tom make it back all right?
Did Tom make it?
Did Tom make this for you?
Did Tom make this himself?
Did Tom make you an offer?
Did Tom make you cookies?
Did Tom make you cry?
Did Tom manage to escape?
Did Tom master the survival techniques?
Did Tom mean anything by that?
Did Tom mean that?
Did Tom mean what he said?
Did Tom meet the criteria for passing this class?
Did Tom mention Mary?
Did Tom mention any problems?
Did Tom mention anything about that?
Did Tom mention anything to you about my idea?
Did Tom mention anything to you?
Did Tom mention it?
Did Tom mention me at all?
Did Tom mention me by name?
Did Tom mention me?
Did Tom mention the accident?
Did Tom mention what happened?
Did Tom mention why the police are looking for him?
Did Tom mention why the police were looking for him?
Did Tom mind?
Did Tom miss something?
Did Tom move back to Boston?
Did Tom move to Boston?
Did Tom move to a new country?
Did Tom move?
Did Tom need help?
Did Tom need to do that?
Did Tom not know how to do that?
Did Tom not know that that would happen?
Did Tom not know what to do?
Did Tom notice Mary was gone?
Did Tom notice it?
Did Tom notice?
Did Tom object?
Did Tom offend you?
Did Tom offer any resistance?
Did Tom offer to help Mary?
Did Tom offer to help us?
Did Tom offer to help?
Did Tom offer you a beer?
Did Tom offer you a job?
Did Tom open the door?
Did Tom order this?
Did Tom oversleep?
Did Tom paint?
Did Tom participate in survival challenges?
Did Tom pass the exam?
Did Tom pass the test?
Did Tom pawn his saxophone again?
Did Tom pay you to help him do that?
Did Tom pay you?
Did Tom pay, too?
Did Tom pay?
Did Tom phone?
Did Tom pick up fresh vegetables at the market?
Did Tom play any sports in high school?
Did Tom play tennis yesterday?
Did Tom play the clarinet?
Did Tom play the trumpet?
Did Tom pop the question to Mary?
Did Tom pray?
Did Tom promise to do that?
Did Tom promise to participate?
Did Tom promise you he'd do that?
Did Tom promise you that he'd do that?
Did Tom propose any solutions?
Did Tom propose to you?
Did Tom propose?
Did Tom protest?
Did Tom purchase it?
Did Tom push you?
Did Tom put the butter in the refrigerator?
Did Tom put you up to this?
Did Tom qualify?
Did Tom quit, or was he fired?
Did Tom quit?
Did Tom realize what was happening?
Did Tom really agree to do that?
Did Tom really break up with Mary?
Did Tom really break up with you?
Did Tom really burn his hat?
Did Tom really come alone?
Did Tom really come back?
Did Tom really come by himself?
Did Tom really commit suicide?
Did Tom really dance with you?
Did Tom really dance?
Did Tom really die as a result of vaccination?
Did Tom really do it on purpose?
Did Tom really do it?
Did Tom really do that by himself?
Did Tom really do that in under three hours?
Did Tom really do that without any help?
Did Tom really do that without anybody's help?
Did Tom really do that without anyone's help?
Did Tom really do that without your help?
Did Tom really do that yesterday?
Did Tom really do that?
Did Tom really do this?
Did Tom really do what he said he did?
Did Tom really drink a glass of wine?
Did Tom really drink that?
Did Tom really drink the whole bottle of wine by himself?
Did Tom really eat those wild berries?
Did Tom really expect Mary to do that?
Did Tom really expect Mary to eat that much?
Did Tom really expect Mary to stop doing that?
Did Tom really expect Mary to win?
Did Tom really get into Harvard?
Did Tom really give you advice?
Did Tom really go there by himself?
Did Tom really grow up in Australia?
Did Tom really have to do that?
Did Tom really have to leave?
Did Tom really help you?
Did Tom really hit Mary?
Did Tom really hurl rocks at you?
Did Tom really join a cult?
Did Tom really just say that?
Did Tom really kill Mary?
Did Tom really kill himself?
Did Tom really kiss Mary?
Did Tom really kiss you?
Did Tom really laugh when Mary tripped and fell down?
Did Tom really leave?
Did Tom really lie to me about that?
Did Tom really lose?
Did Tom really make you do that?
Did Tom really mean that?
Did Tom really move to Australia?
Did Tom really move to Boston?
Did Tom really murder Mary?
Did Tom really need to do that?
Did Tom really need to leave?
Did Tom really not tell you that he was going to do that?
Did Tom really not want to come?
Did Tom really promise you that he'd do that?
Did Tom really promise you that?
Did Tom really run away?
Did Tom really say he loved you?
Did Tom really say he thought I was smart?
Did Tom really say he thought that I was smart?
Did Tom really say he'd give you his car?
Did Tom really say such nasty things about me?
Did Tom really say that to you?
Did Tom really say that?
Did Tom really say this was free?
Did Tom really say this wouldn't cost us anything?
Did Tom really say we don't have to do this?
Did Tom really see what he said he saw?
Did Tom really smile?
Did Tom really stay out of trouble?
Did Tom really step on your foot?
Did Tom really talk to Mary?
Did Tom really tell Mary not to come here tomorrow?
Did Tom really tell Mary not to do that?
Did Tom really tell Mary to drink that?
Did Tom really tell you I was dead?
Did Tom really tell you about us?
Did Tom really tell you that?
Did Tom really think I didn't know?
Did Tom really think we would help Mary?
Did Tom really think we would help him?
Did Tom really throw rocks at you?
Did Tom really try to commit suicide?
Did Tom really walk home from school with Mary?
Did Tom really walk to school this morning?
Did Tom really want Mary to dance with him?
Did Tom really want Mary to do that?
Did Tom really want Mary to go to Boston with him?
Did Tom really want Mary to help?
Did Tom really want Mary to leave?
Did Tom really want Mary to sing?
Did Tom really want to do that?
Did Tom really win a lottery?
Did Tom really win?
Did Tom remember to add fabric softener to the rinse cycle?
Did Tom remember to do what we asked him to do?
Did Tom remember you?
Did Tom repair the watch?
Did Tom reply?
Did Tom resign?
Did Tom resist?
Did Tom respond?
Did Tom retire?
Did Tom run as fast as you thought he could?
Did Tom run?
Did Tom say I wasn't coming?
Did Tom say Mary stayed in Boston?
Did Tom say Mary would be there, too?
Did Tom say Mary would be there?
Did Tom say anything about Mary?
Did Tom say anything about going to Boston next week?
Did Tom say anything about his accident?
Did Tom say anything about me?
Did Tom say anything about that to you?
Did Tom say anything about that?
Did Tom say anything about the shooting?
Did Tom say anything about this to you?
Did Tom say anything about us?
Did Tom say anything about what happened?
Did Tom say anything about where he had been?
Did Tom say anything about where he was going?
Did Tom say anything about who Mary was with?
Did Tom say anything about who he was with?
Did Tom say anything about who was with Mary?
Did Tom say anything about who was with him?
Did Tom say anything at all about why he didn't arrive on time?
Did Tom say anything before he died?
Did Tom say anything else about me?
Did Tom say anything else about that?
Did Tom say anything else?
Did Tom say anything he shouldn't have?
Did Tom say anything important?
Did Tom say anything interesting?
Did Tom say anything stupid?
Did Tom say anything that might help us?
Did Tom say anything to Mary about that?
Did Tom say anything to anyone?
Did Tom say anything to you about Mary?
Did Tom say anything to you about that?
Did Tom say anything to you about what happened?
Did Tom say anything to you at all?
Did Tom say anything to you before going out?
Did Tom say anything to you before he left?
Did Tom say anything to you?
Did Tom say anything?
Did Tom say he could?
Did Tom say he did that by himself?
Did Tom say he did that himself?
Did Tom say he did that?
Did Tom say he didn't do that by himself?
Did Tom say he didn't do that?
Did Tom say he didn't have to do that?
Did Tom say he didn't need to do that?
Did Tom say he didn't think it was a bad idea for us to do that?
Did Tom say he didn't think it was a good idea for us to do that?
Did Tom say he didn't think that we had to do that?
Did Tom say he didn't think that we needed to do that?
Did Tom say he didn't think that we should do that?
Did Tom say he didn't think we had to do that?
Did Tom say he didn't think we needed to do that?
Did Tom say he didn't think we should do that?
Did Tom say he didn't want to do that?
Did Tom say he didn't win?
Did Tom say he drank that?
Did Tom say he had to do that today?
Did Tom say he had to do that?
Did Tom say he helped?
Did Tom say he left early?
Did Tom say he loved me?
Did Tom say he loved you?
Did Tom say he needed to do that today?
Did Tom say he needed to do that?
Did Tom say he planned on doing that?
Did Tom say he planned to do that?
Did Tom say he stayed in Australia?
Did Tom say he stayed in Boston?
Did Tom say he that thought he needed to do that?
Did Tom say he thought he didn't have to do that?
Did Tom say he thought he didn't need to do that?
Did Tom say he thought he had to do that?
Did Tom say he thought he needed to do that?
Did Tom say he thought it was a bad idea for us to do that?
Did Tom say he thought it was a good idea for us to do that?
Did Tom say he thought it was necessary for us to do that?
Did Tom say he thought it would be difficult to do that?
Did Tom say he thought it would be easy to do that?
Did Tom say he thought it would be hard to do that?
Did Tom say he thought that it would be easy to do that?
Did Tom say he thought that was fun?
Did Tom say he thought we didn't have to do that?
Did Tom say he thought we didn't need to do that?
Did Tom say he thought we had to do that?
Did Tom say he thought we needed to do that?
Did Tom say he waited?
Did Tom say he wanted to do that?
Did Tom say he was going to do that today?
Did Tom say he was going to do that?
Did Tom say he was going to drink that?
Did Tom say he was going to sing?
Did Tom say he was going to walk to school tomorrow?
Did Tom say he was worried?
Did Tom say he went to Australia?
Did Tom say he went to Boston?
Did Tom say he would do that?
Did Tom say he would help Mary do that?
Did Tom say he would help Mary?
Did Tom say he'd be busy?
Did Tom say he'd come again?
Did Tom say he'd do it?
Did Tom say he'd do that?
Did Tom say he'd eat lunch with us?
Did Tom say he'd eat with us?
Did Tom say he'd go to Australia?
Did Tom say he'd go to Boston?
Did Tom say he'd stay in Australia?
Did Tom say he'd stay in Boston?
Did Tom say he'd visit Australia?
Did Tom say he'd visit Boston?
Did Tom say hi to Mary?
Did Tom say how he did it?
Did Tom say how he did that?
Did Tom say how he got into our apartment?
Did Tom say how he was able to do it?
Did Tom say how he was able to do that?
Did Tom say how he was going get to Boston?
Did Tom say how he was planning to get to Boston?
Did Tom say how long Mary would be in Australia?
Did Tom say how long Mary would be in Boston?
Did Tom say how long he had to wait?
Did Tom say how long he'd be away?
Did Tom say how long he'd be in Australia?
Did Tom say how long he'd be in Boston?
Did Tom say how long we should wait?
Did Tom say how long we would have to wait?
Did Tom say how many people have agreed to do that?
Did Tom say how soon Mary could leave?
Did Tom say how the weather was in Boston?
Did Tom say it was necessary for him to do that?
Did Tom say it was necessary for us to do that?
Did Tom say otherwise?
Did Tom say she could?
Did Tom say something rude to you?
Did Tom say something to you?
Did Tom say something?
Did Tom say thanks?
Did Tom say that I said that?
Did Tom say that Mary stayed in Boston?
Did Tom say that he didn't think that we had to do that?
Did Tom say that he didn't think that we needed to do that?
Did Tom say that he didn't think that we should do that?
Did Tom say that he didn't think we had to do that?
Did Tom say that he didn't think we needed to do that?
Did Tom say that he didn't think we should do that?
Did Tom say that he didn't want to do that?
Did Tom say that he stayed in Australia?
Did Tom say that he thought it would be easy to do that?
Did Tom say that he thought that it would be easy to do that?
Did Tom say that he waited?
Did Tom say that he was going to do that today?
Did Tom say that he was going to sing?
Did Tom say that he went to Australia?
Did Tom say that he'd go to Australia?
Did Tom say that he'd stay in Australia?
Did Tom say that he'd visit Australia?
Did Tom say that it was necessary for us to do that?
Did Tom say that?
Did Tom say they could?
Did Tom say we could do that?
Did Tom say we could?
Did Tom say what happened exactly?
Did Tom say what happened?
Did Tom say what he did last weekend?
Did Tom say what he needed the money for?
Did Tom say what he wanted to eat?
Did Tom say what he wanted?
Did Tom say what he was going to buy?
Did Tom say what he was going to sing?
Did Tom say what he was planning to do this evening?
Did Tom say what it was about?
Did Tom say what the meeting would be about?
Did Tom say what time he'd be here?
Did Tom say what time the party was going to begin?
Did Tom say what time to expect him?
Did Tom say what time we should expect him?
Did Tom say what time?
Did Tom say when he was going to Australia?
Did Tom say when he was going to Boston?
Did Tom say when he was going to be here?
Did Tom say when he was going to come back from Boston?
Did Tom say when he was going to do that?
Did Tom say when he was going to eat?
Did Tom say when he was going to get back from Australia?
Did Tom say when he was going to get back from Boston?
Did Tom say when he was going to go to Boston?
Did Tom say when he was going to leave?
Did Tom say when he was going to meet Mary?
Did Tom say when he was going to visit Boston?
Did Tom say when he was going to visit us?
Did Tom say when he was planning to go to Boston?
Did Tom say when he was planning to leave?
Did Tom say when he'd arrive?
Did Tom say when he'd be arriving?
Did Tom say when he'd be back?
Did Tom say when he'd be getting here?
Did Tom say when he'd be getting there?
Did Tom say when he'd be here?
Did Tom say when he'd be leaving?
Did Tom say when he'd be meeting Mary?
Did Tom say when he'd come to visit?
Did Tom say when he'd come?
Did Tom say when he'd do that?
Did Tom say when he'd get here?
Did Tom say when he'd go shopping?
Did Tom say when he'd go skiing?
Did Tom say when he'd go swimming?
Did Tom say when he'd go to Australia?
Did Tom say when he'd go to Boston?
Did Tom say when he'd meet Mary?
Did Tom say when he'd play tennis with Mary?
Did Tom say when the party was going to begin?
Did Tom say when to expect him?
Did Tom say when we should expect him?
Did Tom say when?
Did Tom say where Mary might be?
Did Tom say where Mary might have gone?
Did Tom say where Mary might've gone?
Did Tom say where Mary went?
Did Tom say where he ate lunch?
Did Tom say where he bought his bicycle?
Did Tom say where he bought his hat?
Did Tom say where he bought his new suit?
Did Tom say where he bought that?
Did Tom say where he did that?
Did Tom say where he found this?
Did Tom say where he found your wallet?
Did Tom say where he is?
Did Tom say where he learned French?
Did Tom say where he met Mary?
Did Tom say where he wanted to go?
Did Tom say where he wanted us to wait for him?
Did Tom say where he was going for the summer?
Did Tom say where he was going to go?
Did Tom say where he was going to sing?
Did Tom say where he was going?
Did Tom say where he was last weekend?
Did Tom say where he was planning to go next weekend?
Did Tom say where he was?
Did Tom say where he went for his summer vacation?
Did Tom say where he went last weekend?
Did Tom say where he went?
Did Tom say where he worked?
Did Tom say where he'd met Mary?
Did Tom say where to wait for him?
Did Tom say where we should meet Mary?
Did Tom say where we should meet him?
Did Tom say where?
Did Tom say which way he'd be heading?
Did Tom say who did it?
Did Tom say who did that?
Did Tom say who he was going to Australia with?
Did Tom say who he was going to Boston with?
Did Tom say who he was with last weekend?
Did Tom say who he went to Australia with?
Did Tom say who he went to Boston with?
Did Tom say who he'd be coming with?
Did Tom say who was going to help Mary?
Did Tom say who was going to help him fix his car?
Did Tom say who was going to help him?
Did Tom say who?
Did Tom say why Mary isn't here today?
Did Tom say why Mary went to Australia?
Did Tom say why Mary went to Boston?
Did Tom say why he agreed to do that?
Did Tom say why he did that?
Did Tom say why he didn't eat anything?
Did Tom say why he gave it to you?
Did Tom say why he wanted to borrow the truck?
Did Tom say why he wanted to do that?
Did Tom say why he wanted to quit?
Did Tom say why he was fired?
Did Tom say why he was going to Australia?
Did Tom say why he was going to Boston?
Did Tom say why he was here?
Did Tom say why he was leaving?
Did Tom say why he was planning to go to Boston?
Did Tom say why he wasn't coming?
Did Tom say why he wasn't here yesterday?
Did Tom say why he's going to Australia?
Did Tom say why he's going to Boston?
Did Tom say why the police are looking for Mary?
Did Tom say why the police were looking for Mary?
Did Tom say why?
Did Tom say yes?
Did Tom say you could?
Did Tom scold you?
Did Tom see Mary do that?
Did Tom see Mary?
Did Tom see anyone?
Did Tom see anything?
Did Tom see it?
Did Tom see that?
Did Tom see the raccoon?
Did Tom see this?
Did Tom see us?
Did Tom see what Mary was doing?
Did Tom see what happened?
Did Tom see you come in?
Did Tom see you with Mary?
Did Tom see you?
Did Tom seem OK to you?
Did Tom seem busy?
Did Tom seem calm to you?
Did Tom seem happy?
Did Tom seem persuaded?
Did Tom seem upset about anything?
Did Tom seem upset?
Did Tom send you here to tell me that?
Did Tom send you here?
Did Tom send you the instructions?
Did Tom send you?
Did Tom show an interest?
Did Tom show any sympathy for Mary?
Did Tom show up at the meeting?
Did Tom show you anything else?
Did Tom show you his photos?
Did Tom show you his pictures?
Did Tom show you his stamp collection?
Did Tom show you how to do that?
Did Tom show you how to milk a cow?
Did Tom show you the picture?
Did Tom show you the pictures he took while he was in Boston?
Did Tom shut the door?
Did Tom sign that confession voluntarily?
Did Tom sign that contract?
Did Tom sign?
Did Tom sing any songs you knew?
Did Tom sing at your wedding?
Did Tom sing well last night?
Did Tom sing well?
Did Tom sing?
Did Tom sit in the back?
Did Tom skip class again today?
Did Tom slap you?
Did Tom sleep too much?
Did Tom sleep well?
Did Tom sleep?
Did Tom smile?
Did Tom sometimes mention Mary?
Did Tom sound depressed?
Did Tom sound excited?
Did Tom sound interested?
Did Tom speak French to you?
Did Tom speak French?
Did Tom speak in French?
Did Tom speak to you yesterday?
Did Tom speak?
Did Tom spend a lot of money?
Did Tom spend all of the money you gave him?
Did Tom spill something again?
Did Tom start the fire himself?
Did Tom stay in Australia last summer?
Did Tom stay in Australia last weekend?
Did Tom stay in Boston last summer?
Did Tom stay in Boston last weekend?
Did Tom stay in the forest?
Did Tom stay long?
Did Tom stay very long?
Did Tom stay?
Did Tom steal something again?
Did Tom still have a fever this morning?
Did Tom study French yesterday?
Did Tom study for today's exam?
Did Tom study for today's test?
Did Tom study with you?
Did Tom study?
Did Tom succeed?
Did Tom suffer a lot?
Did Tom suffer?
Did Tom suggest I go?
Did Tom suggest to you a course of action?
Did Tom surrender?
Did Tom survive?
Did Tom suspect something?
Did Tom swear?
Did Tom swim yesterday?
Did Tom swim?
Did Tom take Mary home?
Did Tom take Mary to the hospital?
Did Tom take anything?
Did Tom take banned substances?
Did Tom take his medicine?
Did Tom take last week off?
Did Tom take part?
Did Tom take you back?
Did Tom talk about it?
Did Tom talk to Mary?
Did Tom talk to anyone else?
Did Tom talk to you about Mary?
Did Tom talk to you about his plans for next weekend?
Did Tom talk to you about that?
Did Tom talk to you today?
Did Tom talk to you yesterday?
Did Tom talk to you?
Did Tom talk?
Did Tom teach you how to do that?
Did Tom teach you this?
Did Tom tell Mary I'm here?
Did Tom tell Mary he was only joking?
Did Tom tell Mary how many apples to buy?
Did Tom tell Mary how to do it?
Did Tom tell Mary how to do that?
Did Tom tell Mary the truth?
Did Tom tell Mary what John said?
Did Tom tell Mary what she should do?
Did Tom tell Mary what time she needed to be here tomorrow?
Did Tom tell Mary what to buy?
Did Tom tell Mary what to do?
Did Tom tell Mary when John would be arriving?
Did Tom tell Mary when to come?
Did Tom tell Mary where John spent the weekend?
Did Tom tell Mary where she was supposed to meet us?
Did Tom tell Mary who he was?
Did Tom tell Mary who would be coming to the party?
Did Tom tell Mary why John left?
Did Tom tell Mary why John was leaving?
Did Tom tell Mary why he ate her sandwich?
Did Tom tell Mary why he couldn't help her?
Did Tom tell Mary why he did that?
Did Tom tell Mary why he didn't do that?
Did Tom tell Mary why he didn't win?
Did Tom tell Mary why he was leaving?
Did Tom tell Mary?
Did Tom tell anyone?
Did Tom tell someone?
Did Tom tell the cops what happened?
Did Tom tell the truth?
Did Tom tell you I called?
Did Tom tell you I was going to do that?
Did Tom tell you I was going to drink that?
Did Tom tell you I was going to sing?
Did Tom tell you about Mary?
Did Tom tell you about his girlfriend?
Did Tom tell you about his parents?
Did Tom tell you about his past?
Did Tom tell you about it himself?
Did Tom tell you about it?
Did Tom tell you about the fire?
Did Tom tell you about the party tonight?
Did Tom tell you about the roses he sent me?
Did Tom tell you about what he and Mary did last weekend?
Did Tom tell you about what he did last week?
Did Tom tell you about what he saw on the news?
Did Tom tell you any interesting stories?
Did Tom tell you anything about his family?
Did Tom tell you anything about his new job?
Did Tom tell you anything about his past?
Did Tom tell you anything about me?
Did Tom tell you anything about this?
Did Tom tell you anything about where he works?
Did Tom tell you anything else?
Did Tom tell you anything interesting?
Did Tom tell you anything?
Did Tom tell you everything you wanted to know?
Did Tom tell you he asked Mary to babysit tonight?
Did Tom tell you he was Mary's husband?
Did Tom tell you he was going to be in the city today?
Did Tom tell you he was having money problems?
Did Tom tell you he was the one who did this?
Did Tom tell you he would be going out today?
Did Tom tell you he's studying French?
Did Tom tell you his password?
Did Tom tell you his plan?
Did Tom tell you how he and Mary met?
Did Tom tell you how he met Mary?
Did Tom tell you how long it took him to do that?
Did Tom tell you how much he likes swimming?
Did Tom tell you it was an emergency?
Did Tom tell you it would be difficult to do that?
Did Tom tell you it would be easy to do that?
Did Tom tell you it would be hard to do that?
Did Tom tell you not to do that?
Did Tom tell you something that I should know?
Did Tom tell you that I was going to sing?
Did Tom tell you that he loved you?
Did Tom tell you that he was having money problems?
Did Tom tell you that he'd be late?
Did Tom tell you that he'd fired Mary?
Did Tom tell you that himself?
Did Tom tell you that it was OK to leave?
Did Tom tell you that you could take it?
Did Tom tell you that you had to do that?
Did Tom tell you that, too?
Did Tom tell you that?
Did Tom tell you the good news?
Did Tom tell you the name of his horse?
Did Tom tell you the rest?
Did Tom tell you the truth?
Did Tom tell you this himself?
Did Tom tell you this?
Did Tom tell you to do that?
Did Tom tell you to say that?
Did Tom tell you to say those things?
Did Tom tell you we were coming?
Did Tom tell you we were leaving tomorrow?
Did Tom tell you what happened to him?
Did Tom tell you what happened?
Did Tom tell you what has to be done?
Did Tom tell you what he ate?
Did Tom tell you what he bought?
Did Tom tell you what he did?
Did Tom tell you what he said to Mary?
Did Tom tell you what he saw?
Did Tom tell you what he thought?
Did Tom tell you what he told me?
Did Tom tell you what he wanted to buy?
Did Tom tell you what he wanted to do?
Did Tom tell you what he wanted to drink?
Did Tom tell you what he wanted to eat?
Did Tom tell you what he wanted?
Did Tom tell you what he was planning to do?
Did Tom tell you what he's going to do?
Did Tom tell you what his plans are?
Did Tom tell you what language he wanted to learn?
Did Tom tell you what needs to be done?
Did Tom tell you what the problem was?
Did Tom tell you what this building used to be?
Did Tom tell you what to buy?
Did Tom tell you what to do with all his stuff?
Did Tom tell you what to do?
Did Tom tell you what was written in the notebook?
Did Tom tell you what we did?
Did Tom tell you what's going to happen?
Did Tom tell you when he wanted to leave?
Did Tom tell you when he was going to take his vacation?
Did Tom tell you when he'd be coming?
Did Tom tell you when he'd be here?
Did Tom tell you when he's coming?
Did Tom tell you when to come?
Did Tom tell you where I was going?
Did Tom tell you where he and Mary met?
Did Tom tell you where he bought his car?
Did Tom tell you where he bought his trumpet?
Did Tom tell you where he bought it?
Did Tom tell you where he found his keys?
Did Tom tell you where he found that?
Did Tom tell you where he got this?
Did Tom tell you where he lives?
Did Tom tell you where he met Mary?
Did Tom tell you where he put his keys?
Did Tom tell you where he wants to go to college?
Did Tom tell you where he was going?
Did Tom tell you where he was last night?
Did Tom tell you where he works?
Did Tom tell you where he's living?
Did Tom tell you where the party is?
Did Tom tell you where the picnic is going to be?
Did Tom tell you where to park your car?
Did Tom tell you where to park?
Did Tom tell you where to put your suitcases?
Did Tom tell you where to wait?
Did Tom tell you where we should wait?
Did Tom tell you who his wife is?
Did Tom tell you who that was?
Did Tom tell you who to give the money to?
Did Tom tell you why he did it?
Did Tom tell you why he did that?
Did Tom tell you why he didn't come to the party?
Did Tom tell you why he didn't come to your party?
Did Tom tell you why he doesn't like Mary?
Did Tom tell you why he quit his job?
Did Tom tell you why he wanted to leave early today?
Did Tom tell you why he wanted to leave early?
Did Tom tell you why he wanted to leave?
Did Tom tell you why he was trying to avoid Mary?
Did Tom tell you why he wasn't at school yesterday?
Did Tom tell you why he wasn't here?
Did Tom tell you why?
Did Tom tell you?
Did Tom testify?
Did Tom think I was in Australia?
Did Tom think I was in Boston?
Did Tom think that I was in Australia?
Did Tom think that was fun?
Did Tom think that was funny?
Did Tom think that was true?
Did Tom threaten Mary?
Did Tom threaten you?
Did Tom travel last year?
Did Tom treat you well?
Did Tom try to assault you?
Did Tom try to blackmail you?
Did Tom try to do what you suggested?
Did Tom try to kick you?
Did Tom try to persuade you to do that, too?
Did Tom try to speak to you?
Did Tom try?
Did Tom turn blue?
Did Tom understand everything?
Did Tom understand it?
Did Tom understand that?
Did Tom understand?
Did Tom use any banned substances?
Did Tom use to be a teacher?
Did Tom use to play hooky?
Did Tom use to play truant?
Did Tom use to skive school?
Did Tom visit Australia with you?
Did Tom visit Australia?
Did Tom visit Boston with you?
Did Tom vote?
Did Tom wait for you?
Did Tom wait?
Did Tom want to do that?
Did Tom want to do this?
Did Tom want to go to Australia, too?
Did Tom want us to wait for him?
Did Tom wash the car?
Did Tom win again?
Did Tom win the race?
Did Tom win?
Did Tom wink at you?
Did Tom work for you?
Did Tom work there?
Did Tom work with you?
Did Tom write a letter?
Did Tom write that song for you?
Did Tom write that?
Did Tom write this himself?
Did Tom write this?
Did Tom write to Mary?
Did Tom write to you in French?
Did Tom write you letters from Australia?
Did Tom write you letters from Boston?
Did Tom yell at Mary?
Did Tom yell at you?
Did Tom's advice help Mary?
Did Tom's dog ever bite Mary?
Did Tom's success surprise you?
Did Tom, by any chance, let Mary drive the car?
Did Van Gogh really cut off one of his ears?
Did Vladimir say what he is having for dinner?
Did William do something to anger Sandra?
Did William say anything to his mother before going out?
Did Yanni deserve to meet his Maker at such an early age?
Did Yanni get Skura a job?
Did Yanni give those people their money back?
Did Yanni see that happen?
Did Yanni see the accident?
Did Yanni snore last night?
Did Yanni's car break down?
Did Yuri crash another car?
Did Yuri seriously think that?
Did Ziri actually say that?
Did Ziri apologize?
Did Ziri brush his teeth?
Did Ziri do this to you?
Did Ziri follow Rima here?
Did Ziri listen to his parents?
Did Ziri murder Rima?
Did Ziri pass his driving test?
Did Ziri reach to kill Rima or save her?
Did Ziri see anything?
Did Ziri speak in Berber?
Did Ziri's advice help you?
Did a bee sting you?
Did a policeman say anything to you?
Did aliens bomb Sodom and Gomorrah?
Did aliens really abduct Tom?
Did all of you eat the same thing?
Did all of you go somewhere together?
Did all of you go to Australia together?
Did all this happen by mistake?
Did all this really happen?
Did an insect bite you?
Did any cute girl try to chat you up at the bar?
Did any cute girls talk to you at the bar?
Did any escape?
Did any evidence even suggest that Tom could have been the person who killed Mary?
Did any of the other club members complain about Tom?
Did any of the shoes that you tried on fit?
Did any of the shoes you tried on fit?
Did any of the stoics ever talk about the positive aspects of emotions, how we have them for a reason even if we shouldn't be controlled by them?
Did any of you actually do what the teacher told you to do?
Did any of you gentlemen wait on this man?
Did any of you guys understand this?
Did any of you look out the window?
Did any of your neighbors see you do that?
Did any of your students fail the exam?
Did anybody ask Mary why she did that?
Did anybody ask Tom and Mary why they did that?
Did anybody ask Tom why he did it?
Did anybody ask Tom why he did that?
Did anybody ask you to come here?
Did anybody ask you to dance?
Did anybody call for security?
Did anybody call on you yesterday?
Did anybody call you?
Did anybody come by?
Did anybody come to see you?
Did anybody come?
Did anybody disagree with you?
Did anybody do that?
Did anybody do what you asked?
Did anybody eat lunch with Tom?
Did anybody eat with you?
Did anybody else do that?
Did anybody else hug Tom?
Did anybody else notice this?
Did anybody else see it?
Did anybody else see you?
Did anybody follow you?
Did anybody force you to do that?
Did anybody get arrested?
Did anybody get hurt?
Did anybody get injured?
Did anybody get killed?
Did anybody get shot?
Did anybody go to Australia with you?
Did anybody go to Boston with you?
Did anybody hear Tom say that?
Did anybody hear you?
Did anybody help you do that?
Did anybody help you?
Did anybody hug Tom?
Did anybody kiss Tom?
Did anybody leave me a message?
Did anybody notice this?
Did anybody other than Jim see her?
Did anybody other than Tom dance with Mary?
Did anybody other than Tom give Mary anything?
Did anybody other than Tom help Mary?
Did anybody other than Tom see Mary there?
Did anybody other than Tom see Mary?
Did anybody other than Tom talk to Mary?
Did anybody panic?
Did anybody recommend us to you?
Did anybody see Tom leave?
Did anybody see Tom there?
Did anybody see anybody?
Did anybody see anything?
Did anybody see her leave?
Did anybody see her there?
Did anybody see him leave?
Did anybody see him there?
Did anybody see me leave?
Did anybody see them leave?
Did anybody see them there?
Did anybody see this coming?
Did anybody see us leave?
Did anybody see what happened?
Did anybody see you leave?
Did anybody see you there?
Did anybody see you?
Did anybody sing at your wedding?
Did anybody sing with you?
Did anybody take notes?
Did anybody tell Tom and Mary what time they were supposed to be here?
Did anybody tell Tom what time he was supposed to be here?
Did anybody tell you anything about it?
Did anybody tell you what to do?
Did anybody tell you what's going on?
Did anybody want to see the picture from above?
Did anyone ask Mary why she did that?
Did anyone ask Tom and Mary why they did that?
Did anyone ask Tom why he did that?
Did anyone ask for me?
Did anyone ask for that?
Did anyone ask you anything?
Did anyone ask you to dance?
Did anyone call me up?
Did anyone call me when I was out?
Did anyone call me while I was out?
Did anyone call me?
Did anyone call you?
Did anyone call?
Did anyone care?
Did anyone come in my absence?
Did anyone come to see you?
Did anyone come?
Did anyone do that?
Did anyone eat lunch with Tom?
Did anyone eat with you?
Did anyone else come into the room?
Did anyone else do that?
Did anyone else feel that?
Did anyone else get hurt?
Did anyone else help you?
Did anyone else hug Tom?
Did anyone else notice this?
Did anyone else receive this email?
Did anyone else see her?
Did anyone else see him?
Did anyone else see it?
Did anyone else see you?
Did anyone escape?
Did anyone ever tell you that you’re beautiful?
Did anyone expect that to happen?
Did anyone follow you?
Did anyone force you to convert to Islam?
Did anyone force you to do that?
Did anyone get arrested?
Did anyone get hurt?
Did anyone get injured?
Did anyone get killed?
Did anyone get shot?
Did anyone go to Australia with you?
Did anyone go to Boston with you?
Did anyone hear John leave the house?
Did anyone hear Tom leave the house?
Did anyone hear me?
Did anyone hear the gun shot?
Did anyone hear you?
Did anyone help you?
Did anyone hug Tom?
Did anyone kiss Tom?
Did anyone know how to do that?
Did anyone laugh?
Did anyone meet you?
Did anyone miss me?
Did anyone notice anything unusual?
Did anyone other than Tom dance with Mary?
Did anyone other than Tom give Mary anything?
Did anyone other than Tom help Mary?
Did anyone other than Tom see Mary?
Did anyone other than Tom talk to Mary?
Did anyone phone me?
Did anyone phone you?
Did anyone say anything?
Did anyone see Tom and Mary?
Did anyone see Tom do that?
Did anyone see Tom fall?
Did anyone see Tom here yesterday?
Did anyone see Tom leave?
Did anyone see Tom there?
Did anyone see Tom today?
Did anyone see Tom yesterday?
Did anyone see Tom?
Did anyone see her there?
Did anyone see him fall?
Did anyone see him in Germany?
Did anyone see him there?
Did anyone see it fall?
Did anyone see it happen?
Did anyone see that?
Did anyone see them there?
Did anyone see where I left my glasses?
Did anyone see you come here?
Did anyone see you come in here?
Did anyone see you come in?
Did anyone see you on the beach?
Did anyone see you there?
Did anyone see you walking your dog that night?
Did anyone see you?
Did anyone sing at your wedding?
Did anyone sing with you?
Did anyone sing?
Did anyone sit down?
Did anyone take my book?
Did anyone tell Mary what time she was supposed to be here?
Did anyone tell Tom about Mary's accident?
Did anyone tell Tom and Mary what time they were supposed to be here?
Did anyone tell Tom what time he was supposed to be here?
Did anyone tell Tom where he should park his car?
Did anyone tell Tom?
Did anyone tell her?
Did anyone tell him?
Did anyone tell them?
Did anyone tell you that a burglar broke into my house?
Did anyone tell you that?
Did anyone tell you what's going on?
Did anyone tell you?
Did anyone think to ask Tom?
Did anyone visit me during my absence?
Did anything catch your fancy?
Did anything happen between you and Tom?
Did anything happen between you and him?
Did anything happen in June of 1989?
Did anything happen that you didn't expect to happen?
Did anything happen to her?
Did anything happen to him?
Did anything happen to your leg?
Did anything happen when John was gone?
Did anything happen while I was gone?
Did anything happen while Tom and I were gone?
Did anything interesting happen at school today?
Did anything interesting happen while I was gone?
Did anything out of the ordinary happen at school today?
Did anything out of the ordinary happen today?
Did anything out of the ordinary happen?
Did anything strange happen here?
Did anything strange happen today?
Did anything strike them as suspicious?
Did anything surprise you?
Did anything tickle your fancy?
Did anything unexpected happen today?
Did anything unusual happen today at school?
Did both Tom and Mary have to do that?
Did both Tom and Mary order coffee?
Did both of your parents go to college?
Did both you and Tom like the movie?
Did circumstances lead you to carry them all?
Did circumstances lead you to eat all of this?
Did dinner get Tom's stamp of approval?
Did dinosaurs have feathers?
Did dinosaurs have gizzards?
Did dinosaurs sing?
Did either Tom or Mary have a plan?
Did either Tom or Mary have any help?
Did either of you get any sleep?
Did everybody do that?
Did everybody else do that, too?
Did everybody hear that?
Did everybody leave?
Did everybody smile?
Did everybody understand everything?
Did everyone agree with it?
Did everyone agree?
Did everyone do that?
Did everyone do the homework?
Did everyone do their homework?
Did everyone else do that, too?
Did everyone go crazy?
Did everyone go to bed?
Did everyone have a good time?
Did everyone manage to escape the burning ship?
Did everyone manage to flee the burning ship?
Did everyone notice them?
Did everyone sleep well?
Did everyone smile?
Did everyone understand everything?
Did everything go all right?
Did everything go well?
Did giving Tom the money help?
Did he accept our invitation?
Did he accomplish his goals?
Did he acquaint you with the facts?
Did he actually say that to you?
Did he admit it?
Did he admit that he was wrong?
Did he agree with you?
Did he already eat?
Did he already fall asleep?
Did he argue with you?
Did he ask anything from you when he left yesterday morning?
Did he ask you about me?
Did he ask you out?
Did he ask you to spy on me?
Did he blackmail you?
Did he bring a present?
Did he buy a lot of presents for his family?
Did he change it?
Did he cheat on you?
Did he check her?
Did he check him?
Did he check them?
Did he choose them?
Did he come by bus or by train?
Did he come?
Did he corroborate with her?
Did he cry this time?
Did he dare to jump the brook?
Did he decide to con me?
Did he die young?
Did he dispatch them to you?
Did he do something right?
Did he do such things?
Did he do this to you?
Did he draw this picture by himself?
Did he drop any good loot?
Did he eat already?
Did he eat his beans by himself then?
Did he eat?
Did he escape?
Did he ever study?
Did he ever tell you what he wanted for his birthday?
Did he fail again?
Did he fall for it?
Did he fall, throw himself or was he thrown?
Did he feed the dog this morning?
Did he find her?
Did he find them?
Did he forget I'm his boyfriend?
Did he forget his money again?
Did he forget his money?
Did he forget the money?
Did he forget them?
Did he forgive her?
Did he forgive us?
Did he get a receipt?
Did he get here last term?
Did he get home at six?
Did he get kicked out?
Did he get married when he was in Germany?
Did he give a reason?
Did he give it back to us?
Did he give you a positive or a negative response?
Did he give you an estimate?
Did he go away?
Did he go home yesterday?
Did he go home?
Did he go shopping?
Did he go there?
Did he go to Hangzhou with his dad?
Did he go to see Mary?
Did he go to your school?
Did he hand in his resignation?
Did he have Parkinson's disease?
Did he have any enemies?
Did he have his trousers pressed?
Did he have sandwiches for lunch?
Did he have them delivered to you?
Did he have to do it?
Did he help you take care of your sister?
Did he hit you?
Did he hit your sister too?
Did he intend to leave without his jacket?
Did he invite Tom?
Did he invite you to dinner?
Did he iron his pants?
Did he just call me ugly?
Did he kiss you?
Did he know her?
Did he know him?
Did he know who you were?
Did he laugh at you?
Did he learn Japanese as well?
Did he leave something at home?
Did he leave?
Did he lend them to you?
Did he let someone iron his pants?
Did he let someone iron his trousers?
Did he lie to Tom or about Tom?
Did he lie?
Did he like it?
Did he look at me?
Did he look like a doctor?
Did he lose consciousness?
Did he lose his life while young?
Did he lose them?
Did he lose?
Did he make her go out?
Did he make it out?
Did he make up his mind to make the trip?
Did he manage to get through?
Did he mention the accident?
Did he mention you?
Did he not laugh then?
Did he note down Tom's number?
Did he notice something suspicious?
Did he notice you were following him?
Did he paint the picture by himself?
Did he pass away at a young age?
Did he pass the exam?
Did he pass the test?
Did he pay you?
Did he pay?
Did he propose any solutions?
Did he propose marriage to you?
Did he propose to you?
Did he push you?
Did he put the moves on you?
Did he reach out to you yet?
Did he really do that?
Did he really do that? You couldn't make it up!
Did he really just say that?
Did he really leave Islam?
Did he really reproduce all 2136 kanji?
Did he really say that?
Did he really tell you that?
Did he really think I was responsible for his breakup?
Did he really want to work here?
Did he recognize you?
Did he refuse to sell the ladder?
Did he remember you?
Did he remove them from him?
Did he reply to all your letters?
Did he reveal classified information?
Did he say anything about it to you?
Did he say anything about it?
Did he say anything about me?
Did he say anything before he died?
Did he say anything else about me?
Did he say anything else?
Did he say he could?
Did he say something rude to you?
Did he say something?
Did he say that?
Did he say what time to expect him?
Did he say when he was coming?
Did he say when he would be coming?
Did he say when he'd be coming?
Did he say where he was going?
Did he see her?
Did he see it or not?
Did he see them?
Did he see us?
Did he see you or not?
Did he see you?
Did he sell his soul?
Did he sell it?
Did he send them to you?
Did he send you the money?
Did he send you?
Did he show up at the meeting?
Did he show you a photo?
Did he show you the painting?
Did he show you the photo?
Did he show you the picture?
Did he sleep well?
Did he sleep?
Did he snatch it?
Did he stay a Muslim?
Did he stay long?
Did he stay very long?
Did he study English yesterday?
Did he succeed in getting out of it?
Did he succeed in passing the examination?
Did he succeed in the examination?
Did he suck the soup?
Did he support her idea?
Did he survive the fall?
Did he swallow the meat?
Did he take part in any war?
Did he take shahada?
Did he take them away from him?
Did he take them from him?
Did he take you out to dinner?
Did he talk about my book?
Did he talk to you about it?
Did he tell them the truth?
Did he tell you about his wife and children in Egypt?
Did he tell you anything?
Did he tell you guys what to do?
Did he tell you guys what you have to do?
Did he tell you he was Sarah's husband?
Did he tell you that he would fire Fadil?
Did he tell you the truth?
Did he tell you what to do?
Did he tell you where she lived?
Did he tell you why he did it?
Did he tell you?
Did he think of that by himself?
Did he think of you?
Did he touch you?
Did he touch your breasts?
Did he touch your butt?
Did he undertake the mission?
Did he use a condom?
Did he use to play hooky?
Did he want to contact us again?
Did he want to get in touch with us again?
Did he want to see me?
Did he warn you?
Did he win?
Did he work for the communists? I guess we'll never know.
Did he write anything in his diary yesterday?
Did he write it with a pencil?
Did he write to him?
Did he write to you?
Did her husband study or work in Germany?
Did humans create God or did God create humans?
Did inflation influence the price of milk a lot?
Did it actually happen like that?
Did it actually happen that way?
Did it actually happen?
Did it bother Tom?
Did it bother you?
Did it change you?
Did it come as complete surprise?
Did it come with cables?
Did it come with cords?
Did it come with leads?
Did it do any good?
Did it ever occur to you I might want to stay in Australia for a few more days?
Did it ever occur to you that I might be busy this afternoon?
Did it ever occur to you that I might want to stay in Australia for a few more days?
Did it ever occur to you that I might want to stay in Boston for a few more days?
Did it ever occur to you that you might be wrong?
Did it go away?
Did it go well today?
Did it go well?
Did it happen recently or much further back?
Did it have any negative effect?
Did it have to happen?
Did it help?
Did it hurt?
Did it last a long time?
Did it live up to the hype?
Did it look cute on you?
Did it look cute to you?
Did it look like I was going fast?
Did it make you angry?
Did it not occur to you to close the windows?
Did it not rain today?
Did it rain all night?
Did it rain here yesterday?
Did it rain in Boston while you were there?
Did it rain while you were in Boston?
Did it rain yesterday?
Did it really happen as Tom had described?
Did it really happen like Tom said it did?
Did it really happen like that?
Did it really happen that way?
Did it really take three hours to do that?
Did it require a lot of work for you to learn Latin?
Did it ring?
Did it seem weird to you?
Did it snow here last week?
Did it snow last night?
Did it snow while you were in Boston?
Did it snow yesterday?
Did it surprise you very much?
Did it surprise you?
Did it take much time for you to wait for us yesterday?
Did it take you this long to process what I said?
Did it turn out the way you hoped?
Did it work for Yanni?
Did it work out the way you wanted?
Did it work the way you wanted?
Did it work?
Did last night's earthquake cause much damage?
Did life on Earth start on Mars?
Did my explanation make sense to you?
Did my father die?
Did my father really die?
Did my mother send you?
Did my phone ring?
Did no one proofread this?
Did no one teach you to use the blinker?
Did nobody really notice anything?
Did not he say to me: She is my sister: and she say, He is my brother? in the simplicity of my heart, and cleanness of my hands have I done this.
Did not they eat?
Did not you hinder me?
Did our teacher go to Germany?
Did people recognize you?
Did she accept my offer?
Did she admit it?
Did she agree?
Did she answer them?
Did she ask you any questions?
Did she ask you to do that?
Did she ask you to spy on me?
Did she assign any homework?
Did she at least return what was stolen?
Did she battle the orcs?
Did she become so terrible?
Did she bring beer?
Did she cast a spell on you?
Did she cheat on you?
Did she check her?
Did she check him?
Did she check them?
Did she come here to relax?
Did she come on to you?
Did she come with him?
Did she come?
Did she commit suicide out of remorse, then?
Did she deny that?
Did she do something to him?
Did she drive well to Boumessaoud?
Did she ever confide in you about the problems she was having?
Did she ever say anything to you about me?
Did she explain everything to you?
Did she find it in Béjaïa?
Did she find out at last?
Did she forget her money?
Did she forgive you?
Did she get the package?
Did she give you a good reason for not coming?
Did she give you her telephone number?
Did she go away?
Did she go shopping?
Did she go to bed already?
Did she go to that concert?
Did she go to the concert last Sunday?
Did she go to the station to see her teacher off?
Did she go without you?
Did she have Parkinson's disease?
Did she have a hard time?
Did she have an accident?
Did she have any enemies?
Did she have any weapons on her?
Did she have problems at work?
Did she have to do it?
Did she help her mother yesterday?
Did she hurt that kitten?
Did she indicate a price for it?
Did she intend to come to Germany?
Did she invite Tom?
Did she invite you to dinner?
Did she invite you?
Did she keep her promise?
Did she kiss well?
Did she kiss you?
Did she know him?
Did she laugh at you?
Did she learn to ride a bike?
Did she leave a message for me?
Did she leave it to him?
Did she leave the group chat?
Did she leave the group?
Did she leave without you?
Did she leave?
Did she lend it to you?
Did she let you in?
Did she lie?
Did she like it?
Did she like that dinner?
Did she look at me?
Did she look in her bag?
Did she lose them?
Did she lose?
Did she manage to run away from Tom?
Did she mention the results of the exam?
Did she miss a lot?
Did she plan to go to Germany?
Did she play ball?
Did she prepare it for me?
Did she push you?
Did she put the chorba on the table?
Did she quote a price for it?
Did she read this article?
Did she really just say that?
Did she really kill her husband?
Did she really say that?
Did she really sleep with Tom?
Did she really wanted to kiss me?
Did she recognize her ex-husband?
Did she say anything about me?
Did she say anything before she died?
Did she say anything else about me?
Did she say anything else?
Did she say it in Kabyle?
Did she say it?
Did she say she regretted it?
Did she say something rude to you?
Did she say something?
Did she say that?
Did she see him?
Did she see it?
Did she see us?
Did she see you?
Did she send you the money?
Did she send you?
Did she show you the picture?
Did she sleep well?
Did she sleep?
Did she take her umbrella this morning?
Did she talk to you about it?
Did she tell the truth?
Did she tell them the truth?
Did she tell you anything else?
Did she tell you why she did it?
Did she tell you why?
Did she think of that by herself?
Did she touch your breasts?
Did she use Kabyle proverbs?
Did she want to see me?
Did she win?
Did she write anything in her diary yesterday?
Did she write her?
Did she write in her diary yesterday?
Did she write them?
Did she write to her?
Did she write to you?
Did sir have a pleasant journey?
Did some supernatural forces try to stop you?
Did somebody call the police?
Did somebody call you?
Did somebody come?
Did somebody do something to Yidir?
Did somebody get hurt?
Did somebody hear something?
Did somebody help you do that?
Did somebody hit Tom?
Did somebody hit her?
Did somebody hit him?
Did somebody hit you?
Did somebody mention my name?
Did somebody say something?
Did somebody say we're gonna have a party?
Did somebody tell you to do that?
Did somebody warn you that I'd come?
Did someone actually propose this?
Did someone ask you not to do that?
Did someone ask you something?
Did someone break your heart?
Did someone call you?
Did someone change something here before she came?
Did someone come?
Did someone contact Tom?
Did someone contact her?
Did someone contact him?
Did someone contact them?
Did someone contact you?
Did someone die in this house?
Did someone die?
Did someone else know your password?
Did someone find out about us?
Did someone follow us here?
Did someone force you to do that?
Did someone hear something?
Did someone hit you?
Did someone mention Tom?
Did someone mention champagne?
Did someone mention dancing?
Did someone mention honey?
Did someone mention money?
Did someone mention pizza?
Did someone order pizza?
Did someone pay for this?
Did someone rob you?
Did someone say I did that?
Did someone say I said that?
Did someone say I was dying?
Did someone say I was rich?
Did someone say I was sick?
Did someone say Tom did that?
Did someone say Tom?
Did someone say my name?
Did someone say something?
Did someone shoot at us?
Did someone sleep here last night?
Did someone tell you not to pursue this?
Did someone tell you that you could use this?
Did someone tell you that you couldn't be here?
Did someone tell you that you had to do this?
Did someone tell you that?
Did someone tell you to do it?
Did someone tell you to do that?
Did someone turn up the heat?
Did someone warn you I'd come?
Did someone warn you that I'd come?
Did something bad happen at school today?
Did something bad happen here last night?
Did something burn?
Did something else happen between you two?
Did something fall down around there?
Did something fall?
Did something go wrong?
Did something happen at home?
Did something happen at school today?
Did something happen at work?
Did something happen between the two of you? Why hasn't he been coming to pick you up recently?
Did something happen between you and Tom?
Did something happen between you two?
Did something happen earlier?
Did something happen last night?
Did something happen on that day?
Did something happen on the bus?
Did something happen to Tom?
Did something happen to change the way you feel about Tom?
Did something happen to her?
Did something happen to him?
Did something happen to me?
Did something happen to me? I can't remember a thing.
Did something happen to the baby?
Did something happen to the bus?
Did something happen to them?
Did something happen to you?
Did something happen to your arm?
Did something happen today?
Did something happen with your leg?
Did something happen?
Did something seem wrong?
Did sports change anything in your life?
Did that accident really happen last year?
Did that actually happen?
Did that answer your question?
Did that bother Tom?
Did that cause you harm?
Did that change you?
Did that ever cross your mind?
Did that guy do something to you?
Did that guy say bad things about Tom again?
Did that guy tell you anything?
Did that happen here?
Did that happen recently?
Did that happen to you in a public place?
Did that happen yesterday, too?
Did that happen yesterday?
Did that happen?
Did that have any special significance?
Did that have anything to do with Tom?
Did that have to happen?
Did that help?
Did that hotel meet your expectations?
Did that hurt?
Did that just happen?
Did that just occur to you now?
Did that lady just swear?
Did that little girl say mean things to you? Aww, diddums.
Did that make Tom angry?
Did that make Tom mad?
Did that make any sense to you?
Did that make any sense?
Did that make her mad?
Did that make him mad?
Did that make sense to you?
Did that make sense?
Did that make them mad?
Did that make you mad?
Did that man do something wrong to you?
Did that man tell you who he was?
Did that medicine help you?
Did that really cost you three hundred dollars?
Did that really happen to Tom?
Did that really happen to him?
Did that really happen?
Did that really just happen?
Did that really need to be said?
Did that ring you were looking for ever turn up?
Did that satisfy you?
Did that seem desperate to you?
Did that seem like a good idea to you?
Did that shock you?
Did that stop Tom?
Did that strike a chord with you?
Did that surprise you?
Did that take you by surprise?
Did that uncle of his often visit America?
Did that work?
Did the Buddha ever visit Sri Lanka?
Did the Bush administration cooperate with al-Qaida?
Did the Indians invent cigars?
Did the Jacksons have a kid?
Did the accident really come to pass last year?
Did the accommodations meet with your approval?
Did the audience stop clapping?
Did the baby wake up?
Did the bank open?
Did the bequest cover the cost of recruiting a professor?
Did the bus stop before you fell asleep?
Did the cameras catch it?
Did the cameras pick it up?
Did the captain approve this plan?
Did the car look old?
Did the car stop in front of the bank?
Did the cat get your tongue?
Did the children fall asleep?
Did the children forget to brush their teeth before they went to bed?
Did the company improve its cybersecurity systems?
Did the company invest enough in cybersecurity?
Did the company invest in better cybersecurity tools?
Did the concert go well?
Did the cybersecurity breach affect the whole network?
Did the cybersecurity team identify the threat?
Did the deal go smoothly?
Did the decolonization talks lead to change?
Did the dishwasher work?
Did the doctor come?
Did the doctor give you any medicine for your cold?
Did the doctor give you anything for the pain?
Did the doctor give you anything for your cold?
Did the doctor give you something for the pain?
Did the doctor prescribe you anything?
Did the doctor say it was OK for you to go swimming?
Did the doctor say what the problem is?
Did the doctors give you anything for the pain?
Did the dog bark?
Did the dog bite you?
Did the dog poop?
Did the doll say that?
Did the driver get out of the car?
Did the economic crisis affect local businesses?
Did the economic policies help the population?
Did the emigrants find a new home?
Did the employees forget to greet the boss?
Did the error occur right from the start or later on? - When?
Did the farmers' wives take care of the horses?
Did the fire alarm go off?
Did the freedom fighters make progress?
Did the ghost interact with Ziri?
Did the girls finish eating?
Did the glasses you found belong to Tom?
Did the groundhog see its shadow?
Did the hackers breach the cybersecurity defenses?
Did the host prepare a dessert for the guests?
Did the humanitarian team meet their goals?
Did the imam actually say that?
Did the interview feel good?
Did the interview go well?
Did the island have enough resources for trade?
Did the island offer any survival training programs?
Did the islanders manage to survive the storm?
Did the islanders set up a survival camp?
Did the mail come today?
Did the man at the door tell you who he was?
Did the market offer good deals today?
Did the market prices go up again?
Did the market run out of supplies again?
Did the meeting go well?
Did the mission bring enough supplies?
Did the mission provide enough aid?
Did the mission reach the most vulnerable?
Did the money that we sent help?
Did the money we sent help?
Did the new orphan play with the other orphans?
Did the newsagent's have a copy of The Guardian?
Did the newspaper article say how fast Tom was driving?
Did the newspaper say it was going to rain?
Did the noise keep you awake?
Did the old man get lost in the forest?
Did the orphans play with their dolls?
Did the other car hit you hard?
Did the pain stop?
Did the past really happen?
Did the payment go through?
Did the phone wake you up?
Did the phone wake you?
Did the pills work?
Did the pizza taste good?
Did the plane crash?
Did the plane make up for the lost time?
Did the police arrest Tom?
Did the police arrest her?
Did the police arrest him?
Did the police arrest them?
Did the police come for Tom?
Did the police discover anything?
Did the police even check Tom's alibi?
Did the police ever check Tom's alibi?
Did the police ever question you?
Did the police find any fingerprints?
Did the police find any trace of the murderer?
Did the police find anything?
Did the policeman say anything to you?
Did the policeman speak nonsense?
Did the policeman tell you anything?
Did the power shut off?
Did the praetor order you to appear?
Did the president just lie again?
Did the prince come?
Did the protest lead to decolonization talks?
Did the rain stop?
Did the revolution change the laws?
Did the revolution succeed in changing the system?
Did the revolutionaries gain enough support?
Did the revolutionaries meet their goals?
Did the revolutionaries take over the city?
Did the rules change?
Did the ruling abrogate your right to seek compensation?
Did the scientific Adam really exist?
Did the sentinel see anything that night?
Did the server just go down again?
Did the shirt Tom gave you fit?
Did the shirt that Tom gave you fit?
Did the singer stop singing?
Did the situation force you to consume all of this?
Did the situation force you to transport all of these?
Did the soup taste good?
Did the stars shine bright last night?
Did the storm cause any damage?
Did the students leave the room early?
Did the surgery go well?
Did the teacher praise you?
Did the test results shock you?
Did the thought ever cross your mind?
Did the thought ever enter your mind that I might be right?
Did the timer go off?
Did the train leave an hour ago?
Did the trip live up to your expectations?
Did the two of you leave together?
Did the two of you meet in Boston?
Did the umbrella that you found belong to Tom?
Did the umbrella you found belong to Tom?
Did the union participate in the demonstration?
Did the wallet you found belong to Tom?
Did the weather report say anything about rain?
Did the weather report say it was going to rain?
Did the world really act as fast as possible to meet the threat to the environment?
Did the young ladies arrive on time?
Did these things really happen?
Did these vegetables cost a lot?
Did they accept everything that was asked of them?
Did they address all the cybersecurity vulnerabilities?
Did they agree to all the demands?
Did they agree to our terms?
Did they agree to your conditions?
Did they all do that?
Did they all eat the same thing?
Did they all go to Boston?
Did they already know each other?
Did they approve your project?
Did they argue with you?
Did they arrive?
Did they ask for some coffee?
Did they ask you to do that?
Did they bring enough aid to the mission?
Did they buy bread?
Did they buy it?
Did they buy juice?
Did they buy the juice?
Did they call my name?
Did they catch the killer?
Did they check her?
Did they check him?
Did they check them?
Did they come today?
Did they come up with it?
Did they come with them?
Did they come with you?
Did they conduct a cybersecurity audit recently?
Did they confiscate your pocket knife?
Did they consult each other?
Did they cut my line?
Did they discuss decolonization in the meeting?
Did they do it intentionally?
Did they do it the way Mary said?
Did they do something to Tom?
Did they do something to her?
Did they do something to him?
Did they do something to us?
Did they do this kind of thing when you were a child?
Did they drink it?
Did they drink tea?
Did they eat it?
Did they eat the apple?
Did they enhance their cybersecurity protocols?
Did they enjoy their holiday in Scotland?
Did they ever come and take our order?
Did they ever come and take your order?
Did they ever find Tom?
Did they ever find her?
Did they ever find him?
Did they ever find them?
Did they ever play in Australia?
Did they ever play in Italy?
Did they ever read this book?
Did they expect it to rain frogs?
Did they explain any new topics?
Did they feed you anything?
Did they feed you?
Did they feel bad for you?
Did they find anything odd or suspicious?
Did they find anything?
Did they find everything they needed at the market?
Did they find it?
Did they find the revolution’s leader?
Did they finish the shopping already?
Did they fire you?
Did they forget I gave it to them?
Did they forget I'm going to visit them today?
Did they forget tomorrow's my birthday?
Did they forgive him?
Did they forgive us?
Did they get abducted by aliens?
Did they get married?
Did they get the job done?
Did they get you your job back?
Did they give a reason?
Did they give him the sack?
Did they give the child a toy?
Did they give them back to you?
Did they give you a discount?
Did they give you any information?
Did they give you any other information?
Did they give you anything to eat?
Did they give you the sack?
Did they give you your job back?
Did they go left or right?
Did they go to museum by bus?
Did they go to the mountains?
Did they go to the park with them?
Did they grant Tom permission to leave?
Did they have a backup plan?
Did they have cars?
Did they have it?
Did they have to stay there all day?
Did they have what you were looking for?
Did they hear correctly?
Did they heat up the bathhouse?
Did they help him?
Did they help you?
Did they hurt this little animal?
Did they hurt you?
Did they improve trade with neighboring islands?
Did they invite them?
Did they keep their promise?
Did they kick you out?
Did they kiss anybody?
Did they kiss?
Did they lend it to you?
Did they let you in to see Tom?
Did they lie?
Did they like it?
Did they live here?
Did they lose it?
Did they lose your luggage?
Did they love me?
Did they make it?
Did they make progress?
Did they make you wait?
Did they move forward?
Did they not arrive?
Did they not complete their work?
Did they notice anything suspicious?
Did they offer you a job?
Did they offer you anything to drink?
Did they organize survival drills on the island?
Did they play so badly that they don't even deserve a comment?
Did they prepare them for us?
Did they rape you?
Did they really do all that work by themselves?
Did they repair the computer?
Did they repair the watch?
Did they return to Boudouaou?
Did they sack him?
Did they sack you?
Did they say anything about Tom?
Did they say anything about me?
Did they say anything about what Tom did?
Did they say anything else?
Did they say anything?
Did they say how much it would cost?
Did they say how?
Did they say something?
Did they say that to her?
Did they say that?
Did they say what happened?
Did they say when they were coming back?
Did they say when they'd be back?
Did they say when?
Did they say who was responsible?
Did they say why they couldn't pay their bill on time?
Did they say why?
Did they see her?
Did they see him?
Did they see it?
Did they see them?
Did they see us?
Did they send enough supplies for the mission?
Did they sign?
Did they sound excited?
Did they speak Hungarian well?
Did they step on yours?
Did they suffer?
Did they take Tom away?
Did they take my car?
Did they take that junk away?
Did they take the wrong bus again?
Did they talk about trade?
Did they talk to each other?
Did they teach you that at school?
Did they tell him?
Did they tell you anything about their plans for this evening?
Did they tell you who I was?
Did they tell you why you had to do this?
Did they think that I wouldn't notice?
Did they translate it into Berber?
Did they understand what I said?
Did they understand what you were saying?
Did they understand?
Did they visit Spain?
Did they visit Switzerland?
Did they vote for freedom and equality?
Did they vote for freedom in the elections?
Did they want to contact us again?
Did they want to see me?
Did they win?
Did they write a letter?
Did they write to her?
Did they write to them?
Did they write to you?
Did they write you a letter?
Did they write you?
Did this come with a guarantee?
Did this do them any good?
Did this experience bring you closer?
Did this happen to you?
Did this happen?
Did this have to happen?
Did this just happen?
Did this medication help you?
Did this necklace come in a box?
Did this require a signature?
Did this thing happen?
Did those guys do something to you?
Did those things really happen?
Did we actually do that?
Did we break the record this time?
Did we buy the cheapest bread?
Did we consider everything?
Did we do that the week before last?
Did we do the right thing?
Did we do well?
Did we ever really have a chance?
Did we find out who that girl was?
Did we find out who that guy was?
Did we find out who that lady was?
Did we find out who that man was?
Did we find out who that woman was?
Did we forget anything?
Did we forget our money?
Did we get any donations?
Did we get better?
Did we have a choice?
Did we have any English homework due tomorrow?
Did we have any English homework that needs to be done by tomorrow?
Did we have any French homework that needs to be done by tomorrow?
Did we have it?
Did we hit something?
Did we interrupt anything?
Did we make a big mistake?
Did we make a difference?
Did we make a huge mistake?
Did we make a mistake by writing the date?
Did we make a mistake writing the date?
Did we make a reservation?
Did we make it?
Did we make the wrong decision?
Did we miss anything?
Did we miss it?
Did we not go over this?
Did we order in advance?
Did we pass the exit?
Did we really have to come here?
Did we really have to do that?
Did we really have to make that change?
Did we really need to do that?
Did we really need to do this?
Did we run over something?
Did we scare Tom?
Did we see the army?
Did we solve the problem?
Did we think of everything?
Did we travel back in time?
Did we wake you up?
Did we want snow?
Did we win?
Did what Tom do help?
Did yesterday's earthquake cause any damage?
Did you RSVP for the meeting?
Did you abduct them?
Did you accept Tom's apology?
Did you accept Tom's offer?
Did you accept her invitation?
Did you accept his invitation?
Did you accept his statement as true?
Did you accept that job?
Did you accept the invitation?
Did you accept their offer?
Did you accidentally drop the keys in the garden?
Did you accidentally lock the keys inside the house?
Did you accidentally swap the keys with someone else's?
Did you accidentally take my keys instead of yours?
Did you accidentally take the wrong set of keys?
Did you accidentally throw away the keys with the trash?
Did you accompany Peter to Munich?
Did you accomplish anything?
Did you accomplish the task?
Did you accomplish what you set out to do?
Did you accomplish your goals?
Did you accomplish your mission?
Did you accomplish your purpose?
Did you achieve anything?
Did you achieve your goals?
Did you achieve your objective?
Did you acknowledge his letter?
Did you acquaint him with the fact?
Did you acquire anything for your children?
Did you act alone?
Did you actually believe that?
Did you actually break Tom's nose?
Did you actually do that by yourself?
Did you actually do that by yourselves?
Did you actually do that?
Did you actually do what you said you did?
Did you actually get any sleep?
Did you actually get married?
Did you actually give Tom money?
Did you actually go to sleep?
Did you actually hear Tom say that?
Did you actually hug Tom?
Did you actually kill somebody?
Did you actually kill someone?
Did you actually kiss Tom?
Did you actually participate?
Did you actually pay for that?
Did you actually read that?
Did you actually say that?
Did you actually see Tom dancing?
Did you actually see Tom do it?
Did you actually see Tom do that?
Did you actually see Tom do what the police say he did?
Did you actually see Tom doing that?
Did you actually see Tom going into the Mary's office?
Did you actually see Tom helping Mary?
Did you actually see Tom hitting Mary?
Did you actually see Tom kiss Mary?
Did you actually see Tom kissing Mary?
Did you actually see Tom win?
Did you actually see Tom?
Did you actually see her?
Did you actually see him?
Did you actually see it happen?
Did you actually see it?
Did you actually see something?
Did you actually see that happen?
Did you actually see the accident?
Did you actually see them?
Did you actually speak to Tom?
Did you actually talk to Tom?
Did you actually talk to her?
Did you actually talk to him?
Did you actually talk to them?
Did you actually think that we ever had a chance?
Did you actually try it?
Did you actually try to do that?
Did you actually watch the show?
Did you add Tom to our group?
Did you add Tom to the list?
Did you add a tablespoon of salt? The recipe called for just a teaspoon!
Did you add anything else?
Did you add salt?
Did you add sugar?
Did you adjust the brightness on your TV?
Did you adjust the seat?
Did you adjust the steering wheel?
Did you advise Tom to do that?
Did you advise him to go to the police?
Did you advise the suspect of his rights?
Did you agree to do it?
Did you agree to do that?
Did you agree to that?
Did you agree to the conditions?
Did you agree to this?
Did you agree with Tom?
Did you agree with them?
Did you agree?
Did you all clean your room?
Did you all eat rice or not?
Did you all eat the same thing?
Did you all eat today?
Did you all enjoy it?
Did you all enjoy that?
Did you all enjoy your stay?
Did you all enjoy yourselves?
Did you all get anything?
Did you all go hiking together?
Did you all go shopping together?
Did you all go somewhere together?
Did you all go to Boston?
Did you all go?
Did you all grow up here?
Did you all have fun today?
Did you all have fun?
Did you all hear that?
Did you all just see that?
Did you all know that?
Did you all not know that that was going to happen?
Did you all not know that was going to happen?
Did you all see that?
Did you all work together?
Did you already brush your teeth?
Did you already buy the ticket?
Did you already choose?
Did you already do that?
Did you already do what I asked you to?
Did you already do your homework?
Did you already eat at home?
Did you already find your watch?
Did you already forget all of it?
Did you already forget all of that?
Did you already get my mail?
Did you already go to Germany?
Did you already have a meal or not?
Did you already hear about it?
Did you already kiss someone today?
Did you already know that?
Did you already know this?
Did you already order?
Did you already read that?
Did you already read this?
Did you already think of a name for her?
Did you already think of a name for him?
Did you already think of a nickname for him?
Did you already use my cup?
Did you already visit a zoo in your country?
Did you already watch that tragic play?
Did you also have a problem with that?
Did you also hear a cat miaowing?
Did you also help Tom?
Did you also invite your friends?
Did you also notice that Tom was staring at Mary?
Did you also notice that?
Did you also see Tom?
Did you always sleep with the window open?
Did you always want to be an actor, or was it something you just fell into?
Did you and Joan have a blow up?
Did you and Joan have a fight?
Did you and Mary have a fight?
Did you and Michael have a fight?
Did you and Tom both like the movie?
Did you and Tom discuss a price?
Did you and Tom enjoy the pizza?
Did you and Tom ever talk about that?
Did you and Tom fight?
Did you and Tom get to talk?
Did you and Tom go on lots of trips together?
Did you and Tom have a fight or something?
Did you and Tom have a fight?
Did you and Tom have an argument today?
Did you and Tom have an argument?
Did you and Tom like the movie?
Did you and Tom really break up?
Did you and Tom study together?
Did you and Tom talk about it?
Did you answer Tom's question?
Did you answer Tom's questions?
Did you answer all Tom's questions?
Did you answer all the questions?
Did you answer every question yourself? Did no one help you?
Did you anticipate that, too?
Did you anticipate this kind of success?
Did you apologise?
Did you apologize to Tom?
Did you apologize to her?
Did you apologize to him?
Did you apologize to them?
Did you apologize to your parents?
Did you apologize?
Did you apply for a job in this company?
Did you apply for the new job?
Did you approve of this?
Did you approve those changes?
Did you argue a lot?
Did you argue about it?
Did you argue against it?
Did you argue with Tom?
Did you argue with anyone?
Did you argue with him?
Did you argue with your boyfriend again? Well, they say that the more you argue, the closer you are.
Did you argue with your friends?
Did you arrange all this?
Did you arrange an appointment?
Did you arrange another meeting?
Did you arrange for Tom to do that?
Did you arrange something with Tom?
Did you arrange the furniture in the apartment?
Did you arrange transportation from the airport?
Did you arrest Tom?
Did you arrest anybody?
Did you arrest her?
Did you arrest him?
Did you arrest them?
Did you arrive by bus or by train?
Did you arrive by train?
Did you arrive early?
Did you arrive home safely?
Did you arrive in time?
Did you arrive on time?
Did you arrive safely?
Did you ask Dr. Jackson about that wart?
Did you ask Mary if she could do that by herself?
Did you ask Mary if she could do that?
Did you ask Mary if she did that by herself?
Did you ask Mary if she thought she'd be able to do that by herself?
Did you ask Mary if she thought she'd be able to do that?
Did you ask Mary if she wanted to do that by herself?
Did you ask Mary if she wants to go with us?
Did you ask Mary if she wished to do that by herself?
Did you ask Mary out?
Did you ask Mary what she meant by that?
Did you ask Mary what she thought the problem was?
Did you ask Mary where she'd been?
Did you ask Mary who helped her with her homework?
Did you ask Mary why she did that?
Did you ask Mary why she didn't do that?
Did you ask Mary why she didn't want to do that?
Did you ask Mary why she was late?
Did you ask Mary why she was leaving?
Did you ask Mary why she wasn't at the meeting?
Did you ask Mary why she wasn't here yesterday?
Did you ask Tom about Mary?
Did you ask Tom about that?
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they could do that by themselves?
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they could do that?
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they did that by themselves?
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they thought they'd be able to do that by themselves?
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they thought they'd be able to do that?
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they want to go with us?
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they wanted to do that by themselves?
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they wished to do that by themselves?
Did you ask Tom and Mary what they thought the problem was?
Did you ask Tom and Mary where they'd been?
Did you ask Tom and Mary who helped them with their homework?
Did you ask Tom and Mary why they did that?
Did you ask Tom and Mary why they didn't do that?
Did you ask Tom and Mary why they didn't want to do that?
Did you ask Tom and Mary why they were late?
Did you ask Tom and Mary why they were leaving?
Did you ask Tom and Mary why they weren't at the meeting?
Did you ask Tom and Mary why they weren't here yesterday?
Did you ask Tom any questions?
Did you ask Tom for help?
Did you ask Tom for his opinion?
Did you ask Tom for money?
Did you ask Tom for the documents?
Did you ask Tom if he could do that by himself?
Did you ask Tom if he could do that?
Did you ask Tom if he did that by himself?
Did you ask Tom if he thought he'd be able do that by himself?
Did you ask Tom if he thought he'd be able to do that?
Did you ask Tom if he thought that he'd be able to do that?
Did you ask Tom if he wanted to do that by himself?
Did you ask Tom if he wants to go with us?
Did you ask Tom if he wished to do that by himself?
Did you ask Tom that question?
Did you ask Tom that?
Did you ask Tom the reason?
Did you ask Tom to bring a dessert?
Did you ask Tom to come over and help?
Did you ask Tom to help Mary?
Did you ask Tom to help me?
Did you ask Tom to leave?
Did you ask Tom to stop?
Did you ask Tom what happened?
Did you ask Tom what he likes?
Did you ask Tom what he meant by that?
Did you ask Tom what he needed?
Did you ask Tom what he thought the problem was?
Did you ask Tom what he wants?
Did you ask Tom what was wrong?
Did you ask Tom where he lives?
Did you ask Tom where he'd been?
Did you ask Tom who helped him with his homework?
Did you ask Tom why he did it?
Did you ask Tom why he did that?
Did you ask Tom why he did this?
Did you ask Tom why he didn't do that?
Did you ask Tom why he didn't want to do that?
Did you ask Tom why he didn't win?
Did you ask Tom why he was late?
Did you ask Tom why he was leaving?
Did you ask Tom why he wasn't at the meeting?
Did you ask Tom why he wasn't here yesterday?
Did you ask Tom why?
Did you ask Tom?
Did you ask after her? What did she say?
Did you ask any questions?
Did you ask anyone else?
Did you ask everybody?
Did you ask for a discount?
Did you ask for a lawyer?
Did you ask for amnesty?
Did you ask for decaf?
Did you ask for help?
Did you ask for money?
Did you ask for permission?
Did you ask for protection?
Did you ask for some help?
Did you ask for something?
Did you ask for specifics?
Did you ask her for money?
Did you ask her to give you her pictures?
Did you ask her to leave?
Did you ask her to stop?
Did you ask her why?
Did you ask her?
Did you ask him for money?
Did you ask him his number?
Did you ask him to leave?
Did you ask him to stop?
Did you ask him why?
Did you ask him?
Did you ask questions?
Did you ask the concierge for help before you left the hotel?
Did you ask the doctor?
Did you ask the others?
Did you ask the price?
Did you ask the waiter for the bill?
Did you ask them for money?
Did you ask them to leave?
Did you ask them to stop?
Did you ask them to wait?
Did you ask them why?
Did you ask them?
Did you ask where Tom lives?
Did you ask your father for money?
Did you ask your father to leave?
Did you ask your father?
Did you ask your mother?
Did you ask your parents for permission?
Did you attach the belt to the backpack?
Did you attend Harvard?
Did you attend college?
Did you attend the GIFRIC in Quebec City?
Did you attend the drama club auditions?
Did you attend the football game last weekend?
Did you attend the school dance last night?
Did you attend the student council meeting?
Did you attend the tutorial session?
Did you attend this concert?
Did you audition for the part?
Did you bake a cake for the party tonight?
Did you bake a cake?
Did you bake a pie?
Did you bake these cookies yourself?
Did you bath yesterday?
Did you beat Tom?
Did you beat him?
Did you beat them all?
Did you become a Muslim?
Did you become angry?
Did you become my enemy?
Did you behave today?
Did you behave yourself?
Did you behave yourselves?
Did you believe Tom?
Did you believe all that?
Did you believe any of that?
Did you believe everything Tom said?
Did you believe her?
Did you believe him?
Did you believe in Father Christmas when you were little?
Did you believe in Santa Claus when you were a child?
Did you believe that girl?
Did you believe them?
Did you bike to work today?
Did you bite your tongue? Why didn't you answer my question?
Did you blush?
Did you boil all the eggs?
Did you boil the water?
Did you book a room at the hotel?
Did you book a table?
Did you book accommodation at the hotel?
Did you book any guided tours or activities?
Did you book the hotel, too?
Did you book your trip in advance?
Did you borrow Tom's car yesterday?
Did you borrow it?
Did you borrow that?
Did you both get promoted?
Did you bother to read it?
Did you break any dishes?
Did you break any eggs?
Did you break any laws?
Did you break any rules?
Did you break anything down there?
Did you break anything?
Did you break it on purpose?
Did you break it?
Did you break something?
Did you break that?
Did you break the lamp, Tom?
Did you break the lamp, Ziri?
Did you break the lamp?
Did you break the salad bowl?
Did you break the window on purpose or by accident?
Did you break them?
Did you break this?
Did you break up with Tom or did he break up with you?
Did you break up with Tom?
Did you break up with her?
Did you break up with him?
Did you break your arm?
Did you break your piggy bank?
Did you bring Tom?
Did you bring a bathing suit?
Did you bring a book to read?
Did you bring a camera?
Did you bring a can opener?
Did you bring a flashlight?
Did you bring a gift?
Did you bring a hair dryer?
Did you bring a jacket?
Did you bring a present?
Did you bring a raincoat?
Did you bring a sweater?
Did you bring a toothbrush and a towel?
Did you bring a toothbrush?
Did you bring a torch?
Did you bring a towel with you?
Did you bring a towel?
Did you bring a travel adapter?
Did you bring a travel guidebook?
Did you bring a weapon?
Did you bring an umbrella with you?
Did you bring an umbrella?
Did you bring any bear spray?
Did you bring any books?
Did you bring any food with you today?
Did you bring any gifts?
Did you bring any presents?
Did you bring any warm clothes?
Did you bring anybody?
Did you bring anyone with you?
Did you bring anyone?
Did you bring anything else to wear?
Did you bring anything to drink?
Did you bring anything to eat?
Did you bring anything to read?
Did you bring books?
Did you bring cash or your (credit) card with you?
Did you bring cash or your credit card with you?
Did you bring champagne?
Did you bring coffee?
Did you bring enough food?
Did you bring enough water?
Did you bring everything I asked for?
Did you bring everything I asked you to bring?
Did you bring everything I asked?
Did you bring everything we asked you to?
Did you bring everything?
Did you bring eye protection?
Did you bring flowers?
Did you bring him the cognac?
Did you bring it home?
Did you bring it?
Did you bring me any presents from Algeria?
Did you bring me anything?
Did you bring me what you said you would?
Did you bring more with you?
Did you bring popcorn?
Did you bring rolls?
Did you bring sandwiches?
Did you bring some milk?
Did you bring some tea?
Did you bring some warm clothes?
Did you bring someone with you?
Did you bring sunscreen to the beach?
Did you bring that for me?
Did you bring that over here?
Did you bring the bear spray?
Did you bring the book?
Did you bring the books?
Did you bring the calendar?
Did you bring the cooler?
Did you bring the couscous?
Did you bring the hairdryer?
Did you bring the key?
Did you bring the milk?
Did you bring the money?
Did you bring the tea?
Did you bring them home?
Did you bring them?
Did you bring this car from Germany?
Did you bring this home?
Did you bring us something?
Did you bring warm clothes?
Did you bring water?
Did you bring what I asked for?
Did you bring what I asked you to bring?
Did you bring what I asked you to from the post office?
Did you bring what I asked?
Did you bring what I need?
Did you bring what I ordered?
Did you bring what you need?
Did you bring what you promised that you'd bring?
Did you bring what you promised you'd bring?
Did you bring wine?
Did you bring your ID card with you?
Did you bring your PlayStation?
Did you bring your application papers?
Did you bring your bathing suit?
Did you bring your boots?
Did you bring your boyfriend?
Did you bring your charger?
Did you bring your dog with you?
Did you bring your family with you?
Did you bring your flask?
Did you bring your girlfriend?
Did you bring your jimjams?
Did you bring your jumper?
Did you bring your lunch from home?
Did you bring your lunch to school today?
Did you bring your lunch?
Did you bring your medicine?
Did you bring your notes?
Did you bring your own tea leaves?
Did you bring your pajamas?
Did you bring your permission slip for the school field trip?
Did you bring your pyjamas?
Did you bring your shopping list?
Did you bring your sweater?
Did you bring your swimming costume?
Did you bring your swimming trunks?
Did you bring your swimsuit?
Did you bring your swimsuits?
Did you bring your travel adapter for electronics?
Did you bring your ukulele?
Did you bring yours?
Did you brush your hair?
Did you brush your teeth?
Did you buckle your belt for safety?
Did you build a house in Azeffoun?
Did you build this shed yourself?
Did you build this yourself?
Did you build us a boat?
Did you bully Tom?
Did you bump into anything?
Did you bump your head again?
Did you bump your head?
Did you burn anything else?
Did you burn everything?
Did you burn something?
Did you burn those blankets?
Did you burn your fingers?
Did you burn your hand?
Did you burn yourself again?
Did you burn yourself?
Did you bury something on that island?
Did you bury something?
Did you bust on the first game?
Did you buy Neapolitan wafers, too?
Did you buy Tom a dog?
Did you buy Tom a present?
Did you buy Tom something for Christmas?
Did you buy Tom the pony he wanted?
Did you buy Tom the pony that he wanted?
Did you buy a bathing suit?
Did you buy a cake?
Did you buy a cantaloupe?
Did you buy a car?
Did you buy a dictionary?
Did you buy a dog?
Did you buy a gift?
Did you buy a gun?
Did you buy a house in Australia?
Did you buy a house in Germany?
Did you buy a house or an apartment?
Did you buy a house?
Did you buy a lantern?
Did you buy a lottery ticket?
Did you buy a motorbike?
Did you buy a motorcycle?
Did you buy a new bag?
Did you buy a new belt for the event?
Did you buy a new bike?
Did you buy a new car?
Did you buy a new car? It's beautiful!
Did you buy a new cellphone?
Did you buy a new phone?
Did you buy a new suit?
Did you buy a nice bicycle?
Did you buy a piano?
Did you buy a pineapple?
Did you buy a puppy?
Did you buy a return ticket?
Did you buy a round trip ticket?
Did you buy a round-trip ticket?
Did you buy a swimsuit?
Did you buy a ticket?
Did you buy a turtle?
Did you buy a washing machine?
Did you buy a watermelon?
Did you buy a wool hat?
Did you buy a woolen hat?
Did you buy all that?
Did you buy all the items on the list?
Did you buy all the things on the list?
Did you buy all these things?
Did you buy all this stuff?
Did you buy any apples?
Did you buy any cat food?
Did you buy any eggs?
Did you buy any food?
Did you buy any for yourself?
Did you buy any furniture?
Did you buy any meat in the supermarket?
Did you buy any paint?
Did you buy any souvenirs from the zoo?
Did you buy any theater books?
Did you buy anything else?
Did you buy anything for Tom?
Did you buy anything for her?
Did you buy anything for him?
Did you buy anything for me?
Did you buy anything for them?
Did you buy anything for us?
Did you buy anything from Tom?
Did you buy anything to eat?
Did you buy anything?
Did you buy apples?
Did you buy avocados?
Did you buy bananas?
Did you buy beer?
Did you buy bread and milk?
Did you buy bread?
Did you buy butter?
Did you buy candles like I asked you to?
Did you buy candles?
Did you buy candy?
Did you buy cat food?
Did you buy coffee?
Did you buy corn?
Did you buy detergent?
Did you buy dog food?
Did you buy eggs?
Did you buy everything I asked you to buy?
Did you buy everything we need for our party?
Did you buy everything you wanted?
Did you buy everything?
Did you buy flowers?
Did you buy fresh orange juice or frozen orange juice?
Did you buy glasses?
Did you buy groceries?
Did you buy her a dog?
Did you buy her something for Christmas?
Did you buy him a dog?
Did you buy him something for his birthday?
Did you buy insurance?
Did you buy it from Tom?
Did you buy it here?
Did you buy it in Boston?
Did you buy it on the black market?
Did you buy it today or yesterday?
Did you buy it?
Did you buy juice?
Did you buy many presents?
Did you buy me a gift?
Did you buy me a present?
Did you buy me anything?
Did you buy me something?
Did you buy me these?
Did you buy me those?
Did you buy medicine?
Did you buy milk?
Did you buy much?
Did you buy my book?
Did you buy new shoes for the party?
Did you buy new shoes?
Did you buy one yet?
Did you buy onions?
Did you buy potato chips?
Did you buy potatoes, too?
Did you buy potatoes?
Did you buy snacks?
Did you buy some apples?
Did you buy some bread?
Did you buy some flowers?
Did you buy some nail polish?
Did you buy some potatoes?
Did you buy something for your children?
Did you buy something for yourself?
Did you buy something to drink?
Did you buy something to eat?
Did you buy something with my credit card?
Did you buy sugar?
Did you buy sunflower seeds?
Did you buy that book?
Did you buy that for yourself?
Did you buy that house?
Did you buy that necklace?
Did you buy that painting we saw yesterday?
Did you buy that ring yourself, or did someone give it to you?
Did you buy that tractor?
Did you buy that truck?
Did you buy that?
Did you buy the car you were considering?
Did you buy the cellphone?
Did you buy the computer you were considering buying?
Did you buy the computer you were looking at?
Did you buy the house you said you wanted to buy?
Did you buy the house you were considering?
Did you buy the house you were looking at last week?
Did you buy the house?
Did you buy the land?
Did you buy the lantern?
Did you buy the medicine?
Did you buy the painting you were looking at?
Did you buy the pomegranate juice?
Did you buy the tractor you were considering buying?
Did you buy the truck that you were looking at?
Did you buy the wine I asked you to buy?
Did you buy them a dog?
Did you buy them on the black market?
Did you buy them?
Did you buy these books?
Did you buy these flowers?
Did you buy these for Tom?
Did you buy these for me?
Did you buy these for them?
Did you buy these for us?
Did you buy this book?
Did you buy this for Tom?
Did you buy this for her?
Did you buy this for him?
Did you buy this for me?
Did you buy this for them?
Did you buy this for us?
Did you buy this from Tom?
Did you buy this in Australia?
Did you buy this in Boston?
Did you buy this on credit?
Did you buy this online?
Did you buy this today?
Did you buy those books?
Did you buy tickets?
Did you buy tomatoes?
Did you buy us any presents?
Did you buy what I asked you to buy?
Did you buy what you wanted?
Did you buy your coffee from a local roaster?
Did you buy your flat?
Did you buy your tickets online?
Did you buy yourself a new car?
Did you by chance see my phone?
Did you call 911?
Did you call Grandma?
Did you call Mina again?
Did you call Tom at work?
Did you call Tom last night?
Did you call Tom or text him?
Did you call Tom this morning?
Did you call Tom?
Did you call a cab?
Did you call a doctor?
Did you call a lawyer?
Did you call a locksmith?
Did you call a repairman?
Did you call a second ago?
Did you call a taxi?
Did you call a tow truck?
Did you call about the job?
Did you call an ambulance?
Did you call an exterminator?
Did you call and ask why?
Did you call anybody?
Did you call anyone else?
Did you call anyone?
Did you call earlier?
Did you call everyone?
Did you call for a cab?
Did you call for a ride?
Did you call for an ambulance?
Did you call for an appointment?
Did you call headquarters?
Did you call her?
Did you call him up yesterday?
Did you call him yet?
Did you call him?
Did you call last night?
Did you call me Tom?
Did you call me a cheat?
Did you call me a freak?
Did you call me a liar?
Did you call me earlier?
Did you call me fat?
Did you call me last night?
Did you call me on the phone?
Did you call me up last night?
Did you call me yesterday morning?
Did you call me?
Did you call mom?
Did you call room service?
Did you call security?
Did you call somebody?
Did you call the Jacksons?
Did you call the authorities?
Did you call the bank?
Did you call the consulate?
Did you call the cops on me?
Did you call the cops?
Did you call the doctor?
Did you call the exterminator?
Did you call the plumber?
Did you call the police?
Did you call them?
Did you call your friend in Canada?
Did you call your girlfriend?
Did you call your grandmother?
Did you call?
Did you calm down?
Did you camp here?
Did you carry out your plan?
Did you catch Tom?
Did you catch a cold?
Did you catch any fish in the river?
Did you catch any fish this morning?
Did you catch any fish today?
Did you catch any fish?
Did you catch any marlin?
Did you catch any trout?
Did you catch anything the last time you went fishing?
Did you catch anything yesterday?
Did you catch anything?
Did you catch his name?
Did you catch it eventually?
Did you catch some fish?
Did you catch that fish yourself?
Did you catch the culprit?
Did you catch the first train?
Did you catch the game last night?
Did you catch the kidnapper?
Did you catch the news today? They say Spain is on alert, thousands of people couldn't leave the country. Fingers crossed this doesn't happen again next week, since I've got a flight to Finland.
Did you catch the train?
Did you catch the train?!
Did you catch them?
Did you catch those fish yourselves?
Did you catch what he said?
Did you celebrate Maslenitsa?
Did you celebrate Tom's birthday with him?
Did you celebrate last night?
Did you change Tom's mind?
Did you change anything?
Did you change clothes?
Did you change detergents?
Did you change it?
Did you change something?
Did you change the filter?
Did you change the password?
Did you change the pillow?
Did you change your clothes?
Did you change your hair?
Did you change your mind?
Did you change your name?
Did you change your names?
Did you change your profile picture?
Did you charge the battery of your mobile phone?
Did you cheat on me?
Did you cheat?
Did you check Tom's room?
Did you check all the CDs? Are they OK?
Did you check all the items on the shopping list?
Did you check all the rooms?
Did you check behind the building?
Did you check behind the couch?
Did you check downstairs?
Did you check for a pulse?
Did you check her?
Did you check him?
Did you check in that dresser?
Did you check in the trunk?
Did you check on Tom?
Did you check out everything?
Did you check the drawer?
Did you check the local weather forecast?
Did you check the mail for the apartment today?
Did you check the mailbox?
Did you check the visa requirements for the destination?
Did you check them?
Did you check this with Tom?
Did you check this?
Did you check whether your phone was in the meeting room?
Did you check with your superiors?
Did you check your shirts?
Did you check your tires?
Did you chip a tooth?
Did you choose a dress for Saturday?
Did you choose an interesting book for your son?
Did you choose that yourself?
Did you choose the gift yourself?
Did you choose them?
Did you choose these songs yourself?
Did you choose these songs yourselves?
Did you choose those songs yourself?
Did you choose yet?
Did you choreograph that yourself?
Did you clean everything?
Did you clean it properly?
Did you clean the bathtub?
Did you clean the dishes?
Did you clean the entire house?
Did you clean the fish?
Did you clean the house thoroughly before guests arrived?
Did you clean the house windows inside and out?
Did you clean the house?
Did you clean the kitchen counters?
Did you clean the mirror?
Did you clean the oven?
Did you clean your room like I asked you?
Did you clean your room properly? There's still dust over here.
Did you clean your room properly? There’s still dust over here.
Did you clean your room today?
Did you clean your room?
Did you clean your shoes?
Did you clear that with Tom?
Did you clear your browsing history?
Did you climb trees when you were a child?
Did you clinch the deal?
Did you close all the windows?
Did you close that valve?
Did you close the door to your bedroom?
Did you close the door?
Did you close the window in your room?
Did you close the window properly?
Did you close the window?
Did you close your bedroom door?
Did you close your eyes?
Did you collect the money they owed you?
Did you collect them all?
Did you comb your hair?
Did you come across anyone you know on your way here?
Did you come all the way out here just to putz around or what?
Did you come alone or with Tom?
Did you come alone today?
Did you come alone?
Did you come back here yesterday?
Did you come by boat?
Did you come by bus or by train?
Did you come by car or did you come by bus?
Did you come by car?
Did you come by subway or by bus?
Did you come by train or by bus?
Did you come by train?
Did you come by yourself today?
Did you come for me?
Did you come from Paris?
Did you come from a musical family?
Did you come here alone?
Did you come here by bus or by train?
Did you come here by car?
Did you come here by train or by bus?
Did you come here by yourself?
Did you come here by yourselves?
Did you come here last Monday?
Did you come here of your own free will?
Did you come here to argue?
Did you come here to help me or not?
Did you come here to pick a fight?
Did you come here voluntarily?
Did you come here with someone?
Did you come here yesterday?
Did you come home early just to eat then go out again?
Did you come in with Tom?
Did you come the day before yesterday?
Did you come to Boston by bus?
Did you come to help me?
Did you come to help us?
Did you come to help?
Did you come to make trouble?
Did you come to my wedding?
Did you come to town?
Did you come to work with Tom this morning?
Did you come together?
Did you come up with anything?
Did you come up with that all by yourselves? No wonder the people elected you to represent them.
Did you come up with that answer on your own?
Did you come up with that idea on your own?
Did you come up with that on your own?
Did you come up with that yourself?
Did you come up with that?
Did you come up with them on your own?
Did you come with Tom?
Did you come with a date?
Did you come with somebody?
Did you come with your family?
Did you come with your husband?
Did you come with your parents?
Did you come?
Did you commit ecocide today?
Did you complain about it?
Did you complain to anyone?
Did you complain to the police?
Did you complete the performance evaluation forms?
Did you complete the prescribed treatment?
Did you complete the work?
Did you complete your homework?
Did you consider other alternatives?
Did you consider that you might be wrong?
Did you consult a doctor?
Did you consult an attorney?
Did you consult with Tom?
Did you contact Tom?
Did you contact anyone?
Did you contact your folks?
Did you convince Fadil?
Did you convince Tom?
Did you cook dinner?
Did you cook everything yourself?
Did you cook it?
Did you cook me something?
Did you cook the potatoes in their jackets?
Did you cook the rice, or was it Mary?
Did you cook the rice, or was that Mary?
Did you cook these?
Did you cook this yourself?
Did you copy and paste this from somewhere?
Did you correct the problem?
Did you correspond with him?
Did you count me?
Did you count the money yourself?
Did you count this right?
Did you count your change?
Did you crash your car into something?
Did you create a Yahoo ID?
Did you cross the river?
Did you cross the street?
Did you cry when Dad passed away?
Did you cry when I was gone?
Did you cry when James Bond died?
Did you cry when Tom told you that story?
Did you cry when your dog died?
Did you cry?
Did you cut the paper?
Did you cut the rope?
Did you cut the wire?
Did you cut your hair?
Did you cut yourself shaving?
Did you cut yourself?
Did you dance a lot today?
Did you dance by yourself?
Did you dare steal it?
Did you deal with them?
Did you decarboxylate it?
Did you decide this this afternoon?
Did you decide to con me?
Did you decide to go to Japan?
Did you decide where you're going to have lunch?
Did you decide?
Did you decorate your apartment for the holidays?
Did you defeat Tom?
Did you deliver the envelope?
Did you deliver the message?
Did you deliver the note to Tom?
Did you deliver the note?
Did you design this yourself?
Did you design this?
Did you develop the film?
Did you dial the number?
Did you discharge a weapon?
Did you discover something new today?
Did you discuss any of the issues on our list?
Did you discuss anything else?
Did you discuss for a long time?
Did you discuss it with Tom?
Did you discuss it with your husband?
Did you discuss that with Tom?
Did you discuss the homework with your classmates?
Did you discuss this with Tom?
Did you dispose of anything?
Did you dissect frogs?
Did you divorce Tom long ago?
Did you do a background check?
Did you do all that yourself?
Did you do all the dishes?
Did you do all this for me?
Did you do all this?
Did you do any sightseeing last summer?
Did you do anything about it?
Did you do anything after that?
Did you do anything at all?
Did you do anything cool?
Did you do anything different today?
Did you do anything else like that?
Did you do anything else?
Did you do anything exciting today?
Did you do anything fun today?
Did you do anything interesting last week?
Did you do anything interesting last weekend?
Did you do anything interesting today?
Did you do anything last night?
Did you do anything special last night?
Did you do anything special last weekend?
Did you do anything to celebrate spring equinox?
Did you do anything to help Tom?
Did you do anything unusual?
Did you do anything?
Did you do everything I asked you to do?
Did you do everything I asked you to?
Did you do everything I asked?
Did you do everything Tom asked you to do?
Did you do it all by yourself?
Did you do it all yourself?
Did you do it by yourself?
Did you do it by yourselves?
Did you do it for Tom?
Did you do it for free?
Did you do it just for kicks?
Did you do it like Mary told you?
Did you do it like Tom told you to do it?
Did you do it more than once?
Did you do it on purpose?
Did you do it out of spite?
Did you do it the way Tom told you to do it?
Did you do it yourself?
Did you do it yourselves?
Did you do it?
Did you do one?
Did you do something for Tom?
Did you do something fun?
Did you do something illegal?
Did you do something new with your hair?
Did you do something to her?
Did you do something to him?
Did you do something to them?
Did you do something to your hair?
Did you do something you shouldn't have?
Did you do something?
Did you do that again?
Did you do that alone?
Did you do that by yourself?
Did you do that deliberately?
Did you do that for Tom?
Did you do that for me?
Did you do that intentionally?
Did you do that just to annoy me?
Did you do that just to make her jealous?
Did you do that just to make him jealous?
Did you do that of your own free will?
Did you do that on Monday?
Did you do that on purpose?
Did you do that purposely?
Did you do that recently?
Did you do that to Tom?
Did you do that without any help?
Did you do that without permission?
Did you do that yesterday?
Did you do that yourself?
Did you do that, Tom?
Did you do that, too?
Did you do that?
Did you do the French homework?
Did you do the cleaning?
Did you do the decorating?
Did you do the dishes?
Did you do the homework by yourself?
Did you do the homework?
Did you do the last problem of the homework?
Did you do the laundry today?
Did you do the same thing?
Did you do the shopping yesterday?
Did you do the thing?
Did you do the washing?
Did you do the work?
Did you do this all yourself?
Did you do this alone?
Did you do this by yourself?
Did you do this for me?
Did you do this on your own?
Did you do this without permission?
Did you do this?
Did you do time in jail?
Did you do well in school?
Did you do well in the exam?
Did you do well in the race?
Did you do well on the test?
Did you do what I asked you to do?
Did you do what I asked?
Did you do what I told you to do?
Did you do what Tom asked you to do?
Did you do what they asked you to do?
Did you do what you're accused of doing?
Did you do what you've been accused of doing?
Did you do yesterday's homework?
Did you do yesterday’s homework?
Did you do your Duolingo lesson today?
Did you do your French homework?
Did you do your best?
Did you do your chemistry homework?
Did you do your homework by yourself?
Did you do your homework?
Did you do your homework? The meeting is only two days away.
Did you do your laundry today?
Did you do your squat exercises?
Did you do your tasks?
Did you do your work?
Did you double-check these figures?
Did you double-cross me?
Did you download Minecraft?
Did you download it?
Did you download the apps I told you about?
Did you download the apps that I told you about?
Did you download the latest software for your computer?
Did you download this app?
Did you doze off?
Did you draw all these pictures yourself?
Did you draw it from memory?
Did you draw that yourself?
Did you draw that?
Did you draw these pictures?
Did you draw this map?
Did you draw this picture?
Did you draw this yourself?
Did you draw this?
Did you dream about me last night?
Did you drink a lot yesterday?
Did you drink a lot?
Did you drink all the milk?
Did you drink anything?
Did you drink coffee this morning?
Did you drink coffee yesterday?
Did you drink from my cup?
Did you drink in college?
Did you drink it all?
Did you drink milk today?
Did you drink orange juice this morning?
Did you drink some milk today?
Did you drink tea yesterday?
Did you drink tea?
Did you drink the drink that Tom made for you?
Did you drink this orange juice?
Did you drink water today?
Did you drink wine?
Did you drive a Mercedes in Germany?
Did you drive all night?
Did you drive her home last night?
Did you drive here today?
Did you drive here?
Did you drive the car, or did Tom?
Did you drive when you were in Australia?
Did you drive when you were in Germany?
Did you drive your car here?
Did you drive yourself here?
Did you drop it?
Did you drop the bottle?
Did you drop the keys while running?
Did you drop the keys while walking home?
Did you drop this?
Did you drop your phone?
Did you dry the laundry for me? Thank you!
Did you dry your hair?
Did you dust the entire apartment?
Did you dust the shelves in the house?
Did you dye your hair?
Did you eat Chinese food last night?
Did you eat a healthy breakfast?
Did you eat a lot of candy?
Did you eat a slice of the cake I baked?
Did you eat all of your brother's candy?
Did you eat all the bread?
Did you eat all the cheese?
Did you eat all the cookies?
Did you eat all your broccoli?
Did you eat all your vegetables?
Did you eat alone last night?
Did you eat alone?
Did you eat already?
Did you eat an apple today?
Did you eat anything at all?
Did you eat anything bad?
Did you eat anything strange today?
Did you eat anything this morning?
Did you eat anything unusual today?
Did you eat anything?
Did you eat at a restaurant last week?
Did you eat at home before you came here?
Did you eat at home?
Did you eat beans today?
Did you eat breakfast this morning?
Did you eat breakfast today?
Did you eat breakfast?
Did you eat cake?
Did you eat chicken for lunch again today?
Did you eat dessert?
Did you eat eggs for breakfast this morning?
Did you eat fish yesterday?
Did you eat garlic?
Did you eat hot pepper?
Did you eat it all?
Did you eat it?
Did you eat lasagna yesterday?
Did you eat lunch today?
Did you eat lunch with Tom today?
Did you eat lunch with Tom?
Did you eat lunch?
Did you eat much?
Did you eat my biscuits?
Did you eat my cookies?
Did you eat my sandwich?
Did you eat on the plane?
Did you eat pizza?
Did you eat popcorn?
Did you eat rice?
Did you eat shrimp?
Did you eat some dinner?
Did you eat something last night?
Did you eat supper?
Did you eat the apple?
Did you eat the eggs?
Did you eat the entire cake?
Did you eat the last biscuit?
Did you eat the last cookie?
Did you eat the mussels?
Did you eat the rest of the almonds?
Did you eat them?
Did you eat this morning?
Did you eat today?
Did you eat too much?
Did you eat well?
Did you eat yet?
Did you eat your spinach?
Did you eat?
Did you empty the dishwasher?
Did you encounter any complications?
Did you encounter any difficulties?
Did you encounter any problems?
Did you encounter any resistance?
Did you end up doing that?
Did you end up finding it?
Did you end up going to Australia with Tom?
Did you end up going to Boston with Tom?
Did you end up volunteering?
Did you enjoy Boston?
Did you enjoy camping with Tom?
Did you enjoy doing that?
Did you enjoy going camping with Tom?
Did you enjoy going to exhibits in Romania?
Did you enjoy it?
Did you enjoy our Berber lesson?
Did you enjoy reading that book?
Did you enjoy reading this book?
Did you enjoy school?
Did you enjoy secondary school?
Did you enjoy staying in Boston?
Did you enjoy staying in Hokkaido?
Did you enjoy studying French?
Did you enjoy taking the test?
Did you enjoy that?
Did you enjoy the Halloween party?
Did you enjoy the ballet?
Did you enjoy the book?
Did you enjoy the circus?
Did you enjoy the concert last night?
Did you enjoy the concert?
Did you enjoy the derby?
Did you enjoy the dinner?
Did you enjoy the event?
Did you enjoy the exhibition?
Did you enjoy the experience?
Did you enjoy the field trip the school took you on?
Did you enjoy the film you saw?
Did you enjoy the film?
Did you enjoy the game?
Did you enjoy the last movie that you saw?
Did you enjoy the last movie you saw?
Did you enjoy the match?
Did you enjoy the meal?
Did you enjoy the meeting?
Did you enjoy the memorial service? Oops, that came out wrong. I meant to ask whether you found it meaningful.
Did you enjoy the movie last night?
Did you enjoy the movie that you saw last night?
Did you enjoy the movie we watched last night?
Did you enjoy the movie you saw last night?
Did you enjoy the movie?
Did you enjoy the movies?
Did you enjoy the opera?
Did you enjoy the party decorations?
Did you enjoy the party last night?
Did you enjoy the party yesterday?
Did you enjoy the party?
Did you enjoy the performance last night?
Did you enjoy the performance?
Did you enjoy the philosophy class?
Did you enjoy the picnic?
Did you enjoy the pizza?
Did you enjoy the play?
Did you enjoy the program?
Did you enjoy the programme?
Did you enjoy the salad?
Did you enjoy the show?
Did you enjoy the tour?
Did you enjoy the view?
Did you enjoy the zoo's educational programs?
Did you enjoy watching the night game last night?
Did you enjoy your Christmas?
Did you enjoy your Sunday?
Did you enjoy your bicycle ride today?
Did you enjoy your birthday?
Did you enjoy your coffee?
Did you enjoy your date with Tom?
Did you enjoy your day off?
Did you enjoy your day with Tom?
Did you enjoy your day?
Did you enjoy your evening?
Did you enjoy your hiking trip?
Did you enjoy your holiday?
Did you enjoy your holidays?
Did you enjoy your lunch?
Did you enjoy your meal?
Did you enjoy your run?
Did you enjoy your shore leave?
Did you enjoy your stay here?
Did you enjoy your stay in Boston?
Did you enjoy your stay?
Did you enjoy your supper?
Did you enjoy your swim?
Did you enjoy your time off?
Did you enjoy your tour?
Did you enjoy your trip to Boston?
Did you enjoy your trip?
Did you enjoy your vacation in Australia?
Did you enjoy your vacation?
Did you enjoy your visit?
Did you enjoy your walk?
Did you enjoy your weekend?
Did you enjoy your winter holidays?
Did you enjoy yourself at the party last night?
Did you enjoy yourself at the party?
Did you enjoy yourself at the theater?
Did you enjoy yourself at the welcoming party for freshmen?
Did you enjoy yourself last evening?
Did you enjoy yourself last night?
Did you enjoy yourself today?
Did you enjoy yourself tonight?
Did you enjoy yourself yesterday evening?
Did you enjoy yourself yesterday?
Did you enjoy yourself?
Did you enjoy yourselves at the party last night?
Did you enjoy yourselves at the party?
Did you enjoy yourselves last night?
Did you enjoy yourselves tonight?
Did you enjoy yourselves yesterday evening?
Did you enjoy yourselves yesterday?
Did you enjoy yourselves?
Did you enter the highway?
Did you enter the singing contest?
Did you enter your PIN into your computer?
Did you equip the armor?
Did you even bother to call Tom?
Did you even check this?
Did you even consider hiring Tom?
Did you even get to talk to Tom?
Did you even know Tom could dance?
Did you even know Tom could do that?
Did you even know Tom could play the trumpet?
Did you even know his name was Tom?
Did you even know that his name was Tom?
Did you even know that you could buy apples at that store?
Did you even know you could buy apples at that store?
Did you even need money?
Did you even notice that Tom had left?
Did you even read the whole thing?
Did you even read this article?
Did you eventually respond?
Did you ever act on a hunch?
Did you ever ask Mary how much she was paid for that job?
Did you ever ask Tom how much he was paid for that job?
Did you ever ask Tom to stop doing that?
Did you ever break a bone?
Did you ever call Tom?
Did you ever call her?
Did you ever call him?
Did you ever call them?
Did you ever catch Tom?
Did you ever confront Tom?
Did you ever confront her?
Did you ever confront him?
Did you ever confront them?
Did you ever date Tom?
Did you ever date her?
Did you ever date him?
Did you ever date them?
Did you ever do that with Tom?
Did you ever do that?
Did you ever figure out how to do that?
Did you ever figure out what it was?
Did you ever find it?
Did you ever find out who did that?
Did you ever find out who the woman in the photo was?
Did you ever get a crush on your teacher in elementary school?
Did you ever get in touch with Tom?
Did you ever get married?
Did you ever get that bank overdraft sorted out?
Did you ever go skating with Tom?
Did you ever go to Hokkaido?
Did you ever go to Okinawa?
Did you ever have Mr Bergmann for maths?
Did you ever have a recurring dream?
Did you ever have feelings for Tom?
Did you ever have feelings for her?
Did you ever have feelings for him?
Did you ever have feelings for me?
Did you ever have that problem?
Did you ever have the symptoms which have just been described?
Did you ever have this problem?
Did you ever hear Tom threaten Mary?
Did you ever hear anything like it?
Did you ever hear of such a strange custom?
Did you ever hear of such a thing?
Did you ever hear of the Ice Age?
Did you ever hear that my father was an avaricious, grasping man?
Did you ever hear the like of it?
Did you ever kiss Tom?
Did you ever kiss her?
Did you ever kiss him?
Did you ever live in Greece?
Did you ever make a speech in English?
Did you ever meet Tom?
Did you ever meet anyone from North Korea?
Did you ever notice the man staring at you?
Did you ever notice this before?
Did you ever order?
Did you ever really love me?
Did you ever see Tom after that?
Did you ever see Tom hitting Mary?
Did you ever see Tom talk to any of those women?
Did you ever see a whale?
Did you ever see fairies dancing on the lawn? Of course not, but that's no proof that they are not there.
Did you ever see it?
Did you ever see such a film?
Did you ever see that movie?
Did you ever see the fish?
Did you ever sell your house in Australia?
Did you ever sell your house in Boston?
Did you ever show Tom that letter?
Did you ever speak to Tom about it?
Did you ever stop to think about what might happen?
Did you ever stop to think of that?
Did you ever stop to think what our lives would be like without technology?
Did you ever talk to Tom about that?
Did you ever talk to Tom about this?
Did you ever talk to Tom?
Did you ever talk to her?
Did you ever talk to him?
Did you ever talk to them?
Did you ever tell Tom what it was?
Did you ever tell Tom what you did?
Did you ever tell anybody about what happened?
Did you ever think about that?
Did you ever think of that?
Did you ever think this would happen?
Did you ever think you'd see Tom doing something like that?
Did you ever travel abroad by ship?
Did you ever try couples counseling?
Did you ever try keeping your flat completely free from dust?
Did you ever try running away?
Did you ever try?
Did you ever visit Italy?
Did you ever wonder why?
Did you ever work out how to do it?
Did you ever work with Tom?
Did you ever work with her?
Did you ever work with him?
Did you ever work with them?
Did you ever write to Sir Charles asking him to meet you?
Did you ever?
Did you expect Tom to do that?
Did you expect Tom to win?
Did you expect anything else?
Did you expect it to be better?
Did you expect me to do that?
Did you expect sell that many of those?
Did you expect something different to happen this time?
Did you expect something different to happen?
Did you expect something different?
Did you expect something else to happen?
Did you expect something else?
Did you expect something like that?
Did you expect something like this?
Did you expect such great success?
Did you expect such success?
Did you expect that to happen?
Did you expect this kind of thing to happen?
Did you expect this to happen?
Did you expect this?
Did you expect to achieve such great success?
Did you expect to sell that many apples today?
Did you experience any culture shock after moving abroad?
Did you explain everything to Tom?
Did you explain everything to him?
Did you explain how to behave at the zoo to the children?
Did you explain the situation to Tom?
Did you explore the city during your trip?
Did you face any consequences?
Did you face any problems?
Did you factor me in?
Did you fall asleep fast?
Did you fall asleep?
Did you fall back asleep?
Did you fall for her at first sight?
Did you fall from the sky?
Did you fall in love with Emily?
Did you fall in love with her at first sight?
Did you fall in love with her the moment you saw her?
Did you fall in love with me at first sight?
Did you fart on my salad?
Did you fart?
Did you fasten the seatbelt?
Did you fasten your belt tightly?
Did you fasten your seatbelt?
Did you father sons and daughters?
Did you feed the dog this morning?
Did you feed the dog?
Did you feed the dogs?
Did you feed the parrots?
Did you feed the stray cats?
Did you feel a vibration?
Did you feel an earthquake last night?
Did you feel dizzy?
Did you feel followed?
Did you feel giddy?
Did you feel happy?
Did you feel hot?
Did you feel neglected?
Did you feel sad?
Did you feel safe there?
Did you feel that earthquake?
Did you feel that?
Did you feel the earth move?
Did you feel the earth shake just now?
Did you feel the earth shake last night?
Did you feel the earthquake last night around midnight?
Did you feel the earthquake last night?
Did you feel the earthquake this morning?
Did you feel the earthquake yesterday?
Did you feel threatened?
Did you feel unappreciated?
Did you feel uneasy?
Did you feel violated?
Did you fight with Tom?
Did you figure it out on your own?
Did you figure out the problem?
Did you figure out what was wrong?
Did you figure this out on your own?
Did you file a formal complaint?
Did you fill out all the forms?
Did you fill out the questionnaire?
Did you finally understand?
Did you find Amahl or not yet?
Did you find Tom a job?
Did you find Tom in there?
Did you find Tom or not?
Did you find Tom's address?
Did you find Tom's medicine?
Did you find Tom?
Did you find a doctor?
Did you find a good apartment?
Did you find a hammer?
Did you find a job?
Did you find a lot of Algerians in Germany?
Did you find a map?
Did you find a partner?
Did you find a place for the elephant?
Did you find a replacement belt yet?
Did you find a solution?
Did you find a suitable apartment?
Did you find a suitable flat?
Did you find a turtle in the street?
Did you find a turtle?
Did you find a weapon?
Did you find another job?
Did you find another path?
Did you find another picture?
Did you find another way?
Did you find any clues?
Did you find any common ground?
Did you find any contradictions in the Quran?
Did you find any errors?
Did you find any fingerprints on the wineglass?
Did you find any gold?
Did you find any good deals?
Did you find any interesting information?
Did you find any mistakes?
Did you find any other changes?
Did you find any pests in the apartment?
Did you find any problems?
Did you find any shoes that fit?
Did you find any shoes that you like?
Did you find any witnesses?
Did you find anything else?
Did you find anything good?
Did you find anything here?
Did you find anything in that store that you liked?
Did you find anything in the room?
Did you find anything interesting on the beach?
Did you find anything interesting?
Did you find anything missing?
Did you find anything of interest?
Did you find anything out?
Did you find anything suspicious?
Did you find anything that might be useful?
Did you find anything that needs to be corrected?
Did you find anything you like?
Did you find anything you want to buy?
Did you find anything you want?
Did you find anything you'd never noticed before?
Did you find anything?
Did you find everything you need?
Did you find everything you needed?
Did you find everything you want?
Did you find everything you were looking for?
Did you find everything?
Did you find her address?
Did you find her or not?
Did you find her pretty?
Did you find her?
Did you find him on your car?
Did you find him or not?
Did you find him?
Did you find his address?
Did you find his record?
Did you find it on your car?
Did you find it strange, too?
Did you find it strange?
Did you find it?
Did you find my camera?
Did you find my charger?
Did you find my luggage?
Did you find my phone in the meeting room?
Did you find out anything about Tom?
Did you find out anything?
Did you find out how Tom did that?
Did you find out how much Tom weighs?
Did you find out how much money Tom owes?
Did you find out how old Tom is?
Did you find out how tall Tom is?
Did you find out how to do that?
Did you find out what Tom has to do?
Did you find out what Tom needs to do?
Did you find out what Tom wants to do?
Did you find out what Tom wants us to do?
Did you find out what Tom was in prison for?
Did you find out what Tom's dog's name is?
Did you find out what Tom's salary is?
Did you find out what caused that to happen?
Did you find out what happened to Tom's car?
Did you find out what time the meeting begins?
Did you find out what time the meeting starts?
Did you find out what went wrong?
Did you find out what you wanted to know?
Did you find out when Tom is going to be there?
Did you find out when Tom needs to do that?
Did you find out when we're supposed to be there?
Did you find out where Tom and Mary live?
Did you find out where Tom did that?
Did you find out where Tom goes to school?
Did you find out where Tom hid the money?
Did you find out where Tom lives?
Did you find out where Tom went?
Did you find out where Tom works?
Did you find out who Tom is getting married to?
Did you find out who Tom is going to invite to his party?
Did you find out who did it?
Did you find out who did that?
Did you find out who has it?
Did you find out who that boy was?
Did you find out who that guy was?
Did you find out who that man was?
Did you find out who that woman was?
Did you find out who your secret Santa was?
Did you find out who's in charge here?
Did you find out who?
Did you find out why Tom and Mary got divorced?
Did you find out why Tom did that?
Did you find out why Tom didn't pass his driver's test?
Did you find out why Tom didn't want to do that?
Did you find out why Tom doesn't like Mary?
Did you find out why Tom doesn't want to do that?
Did you find out why Tom had to do that?
Did you find out why Tom had to leave early?
Did you find out why Tom needs to do that?
Did you find out why Tom plans to go to Australia?
Did you find out why Tom wants to buy that?
Did you find out why Tom wants to do that?
Did you find out why Tom wants to go there?
Did you find out why Tom wants to go to Boston?
Did you find out why Tom wants to talk to Mary?
Did you find out why Tom was in prison?
Did you find out why Tom was kicked out of school?
Did you find out why Tom went to Boston?
Did you find out why that happened?
Did you find somebody to replace Tom?
Did you find someone to help you?
Did you find someone to replace Tom?
Did you find something or not?
Did you find something you like?
Did you find something?
Did you find somewhere to sleep?
Did you find somewhere to stay?
Did you find that amusing?
Did you find that fun?
Did you find that funny?
Did you find that helpful?
Did you find that in the trash?
Did you find that on the internet?
Did you find the answers to the homework questions?
Did you find the book interesting?
Did you find the book you were looking for?
Did you find the difference between these two photos?
Did you find the door handle?
Did you find the exit?
Did you find the information you were looking for?
Did you find the keys that slipped behind the bookshelf?
Did you find the keys that were left on the table?
Did you find the keys that were missing?
Did you find the keys you thought you lost?
Did you find the killer?
Did you find the leak?
Did you find the missing keys in your bag?
Did you find the missing keys inside the jacket pocket?
Did you find the murderer?
Did you find the other child?
Did you find the person you were looking for?
Did you find the plot of the play difficult to understand?
Did you find the problem?
Did you find the service satisfactory?
Did you find the spare keys in the drawer?
Did you find the test difficult?
Did you find the things that you were looking for?
Did you find the things you were looking for?
Did you find the time bomb?
Did you find the umbrella you said you'd lost the other day?
Did you find the umbrella you said you’d lost the other day?
Did you find them or not?
Did you find them?
Did you find these at a vintage clothing shop?
Did you find this dress in a dump?
Did you find this in the trash?
Did you find this on the internet?
Did you find us easily?
Did you find water?
Did you find what I asked you to look for?
Did you find what I told you about?
Did you find what we need?
Did you find what you lost?
Did you find what you need?
Did you find what you needed?
Did you find what you wanted?
Did you find what you were looking for?
Did you find who did it?
Did you find work in Australia?
Did you find work?
Did you find your book?
Did you find your brother?
Did you find your car keys?
Did you find your car-keys?
Did you find your cat yesterday?
Did you find your contact lenses?
Did you find your gloves?
Did you find your key?
Did you find your keys?
Did you find your letters?
Did you find your lost phone?
Did you find your missing belt?
Did you find your missing shoe?
Did you find your parents?
Did you find your passport?
Did you find your purse?
Did you find your shoes?
Did you find your sister?
Did you find your wallet?
Did you find your way here easily?
Did you find your wedding ring?
Did you finish it already?
Did you finish praying?
Did you finish reading that book last night?
Did you finish the assigned readings in the textbook?
Did you finish the book I lent you the other day?
Did you finish the job?
Did you finish the marathon?
Did you finish your class registration?
Did you finish your coffee?
Did you finish your homework for school?
Did you finish your homework for today's class?
Did you finish your homework?
Did you finish your paper?
Did you finish your school homework?
Did you finish your university studies?
Did you finish?
Did you fit all the clothes in the bag?
Did you fix everything?
Did you fix it?
Did you fix the bike?
Did you fix the broken window in the apartment?
Did you fix the problem?
Did you fix the scanner?
Did you fix them?
Did you fix your computer yet?
Did you flash your lights?
Did you follow Tom's advice?
Did you follow any of that?
Did you follow him as we said?
Did you follow his advice?
Did you follow me here?
Did you follow my advice?
Did you follow my reasoning throughout the discussion?
Did you follow the link in the e-mail I sent you?
Did you follow them?
Did you foresee this?
Did you forge Tom's signature?
Did you forget I was not there when it happened?
Did you forget I'm the boss here?
Did you forget about me?
Did you forget anything?
Did you forget something, Yanni?
Did you forget something?
Did you forget that again?
Did you forget that song?
Did you forget that?
Did you forget the door?
Did you forget to affix Form 6A?
Did you forget to ask Tom?
Did you forget to bring money?
Did you forget to buy eggs?
Did you forget to do your homework?
Did you forget to feed the dog?
Did you forget to flush the toilet?
Did you forget to greet me?
Did you forget to invite Tom to the party?
Did you forget to lock the door last night?
Did you forget to practice?
Did you forget to send my letter?
Did you forget to set your alarm, Tom?
Did you forget to set your alarm?
Did you forget to sign your name again?
Did you forget to talk to Tom this morning?
Did you forget to tell Tom?
Did you forget to turn off the faucet?
Did you forget to wax the floor again?
Did you forget to wish Tom a happy birthday?
Did you forget your belt at home?
Did you forget your brolly? Take mine.
Did you forget your fishing rod?
Did you forget your keys inside the apartment?
Did you forget your mask?
Did you forget your money again?
Did you forget your money?
Did you forget your password?
Did you forget your promise?
Did you forget your promises?
Did you forget your umbrella? Take mine.
Did you forget your wallet again?
Did you forget your weapons in the car?
Did you forget?
Did you freshen up?
Did you frost your hair?
Did you get Subway?
Did you get Tom out?
Did you get Tom something?
Did you get Tom to laugh?
Did you get Tom's address?
Did you get Tom's blood pressure?
Did you get Tom's message?
Did you get Tom's permission to sell this?
Did you get Tom's permission?
Did you get a 20 in physics? Then you're gifted!
Did you get a Christmas present for Tom this year?
Did you get a Christmas present from Tom this year?
Did you get a Christmas present from Tom?
Did you get a beer?
Did you get a better look?
Did you get a better offer?
Did you get a birthday present for him this year?
Did you get a birthday present from Tom?
Did you get a birthday present from him this year?
Did you get a bonus?
Did you get a call from Tom?
Did you get a chance to apologize to Tom?
Did you get a chance to read my report?
Did you get a chance to speak to Tom?
Did you get a chance to speak with Tom?
Did you get a chance to talk to Tom?
Did you get a chance to talk with Tom?
Did you get a discount?
Did you get a dog?
Did you get a drink?
Did you get a flat tire?
Did you get a flu shot?
Did you get a good deal?
Did you get a good grade on your school project?
Did you get a good look at her?
Did you get a good look at him?
Did you get a good look at his face?
Did you get a good look at the intruder?
Did you get a good look at the pin he was wearing on his lapel?
Did you get a good look at the robber?
Did you get a good look?
Did you get a good picture?
Did you get a haircut?
Did you get a job?
Did you get a key?
Did you get a kiss?
Did you get a letter from my mother?
Did you get a look at it?
Did you get a lot of bids?
Did you get a manicure?
Did you get a massage?
Did you get a mobile phone as a present yesterday?
Did you get a new computer?
Did you get a parking ticket?
Did you get a pay raise this year?
Did you get a pay rise?
Did you get a prize?
Did you get a promotion?
Did you get a puppy?
Did you get a raise?
Did you get a ransom demand?
Did you get a receipt from him?
Did you get a receipt?
Did you get a refund?
Did you get a reply from Tom?
Did you get a reply from her?
Did you get a reply from him?
Did you get a reply from them?
Did you get a reply?
Did you get a reservation?
Did you get a ride home?
Did you get a sandwich?
Did you get a scholarship?
Did you get a second opinion?
Did you get a souvenir for your girlfriend?
Did you get a souvenir from your trip?
Did you get a sunburn? The tip of your nose is completely red.
Did you get a tattoo?
Did you get a text?
Did you get a ticket for our jackets at the cloakroom?
Did you get a ticket for our jackets from the cloakroom attendant?
Did you get a ticket?
Did you get accepted?
Did you get all my letters?
Did you get all my messages?
Did you get all of their names?
Did you get all that?
Did you get all the books?
Did you get all the money?
Did you get along with Tom?
Did you get an A?
Did you get an answer from Tom?
Did you get an answer from her?
Did you get an answer from him?
Did you get an answer from them?
Did you get an appointment?
Did you get an estimate?
Did you get an extra ticket?
Did you get an interpreter?
Did you get angry too?
Did you get angry, too?
Did you get angry?
Did you get another cat?
Did you get another raise?
Did you get another tattoo?
Did you get any Christmas presents?
Did you get any bananas?
Did you get any beer?
Did you get any farther in that game you were playing before?
Did you get any fingerprints?
Did you get any flowers on Mother's Day?
Did you get any gifts?
Did you get any help?
Did you get any laughs?
Did you get any money back?
Did you get any orange juice?
Did you get any pictures?
Did you get any presents?
Did you get any rest?
Did you get any salsa?
Did you get any sleep at all last night?
Did you get any sleep at all?
Did you get any sleep last night?
Did you get any sleep?
Did you get any warning?
Did you get any work done?
Did you get anything else from Tom?
Did you get anything for me?
Did you get anything from Tom?
Did you get anything from her?
Did you get anything from him?
Did you get anything from them?
Did you get anything interesting?
Did you get anything out of Tom?
Did you get anything out of him?
Did you get anything special?
Did you get anything to eat on your way home?
Did you get anything to eat?
Did you get anything you wanted?
Did you get anything?
Did you get around to it?
Did you get arrested?
Did you get back at them?
Did you get back home OK?
Did you get batteries?
Did you get beaten up?
Did you get beaten?
Did you get beer?
Did you get bitten by mosquitoes?
Did you get bored?
Did you get breakfast?
Did you get bullied again?
Did you get bullied in school?
Did you get bullied?
Did you get burned?
Did you get butter?
Did you get carded?
Did you get caught cheating?
Did you get caught in traffic?
Did you get champagne?
Did you get coffee?
Did you get corn?
Did you get dessert?
Did you get details?
Did you get dirty?
Did you get drafted?
Did you get dressed up?
Did you get drunk last night?
Did you get dumped again?
Did you get dumped?
Did you get eggs?
Did you get embarrassed?
Did you get enough candy?
Did you get enough fruit today?
Did you get enough sleep before coming to school today?
Did you get enough sleep last night?
Did you get enough sleep?
Did you get enough to eat?
Did you get everything else?
Did you get everything ready for tomorrow?
Did you get everything that you wanted?
Did you get everything we need?
Did you get everything you asked for?
Did you get everything you need?
Did you get everything you needed?
Did you get everything you wanted?
Did you get everything?
Did you get excused?
Did you get expelled?
Did you get fake eyelashes or did you get a treatment?
Did you get fingerprinted?
Did you get fired again?
Did you get fired for stealing?
Did you get fired from your last job?
Did you get fired?
Did you get fireworks?
Did you get first prize?
Did you get fooled again?
Did you get frightened?
Did you get front-row seats?
Did you get gas?
Did you get gasoline?
Did you get good grades in junior high school?
Did you get good grades?
Did you get good marks?
Did you get groceries?
Did you get hacked?
Did you get help?
Did you get her letter?
Did you get her name?
Did you get her phone number?
Did you get her something?
Did you get here by bus or by train?
Did you get here early today?
Did you get here first?
Did you get him something?
Did you get hired?
Did you get his letter?
Did you get his name?
Did you get hit?
Did you get home OK?
Did you get home all right yesterday?
Did you get home all right?
Did you get home early?
Did you get home in time?
Did you get home safe and sound?
Did you get homesick?
Did you get hungry?
Did you get hurt again?
Did you get hurt badly?
Did you get hurt in the football game?
Did you get hurt today?
Did you get hurt yesterday?
Did you get hurt?
Did you get ice cream?
Did you get in a fight with Tom?
Did you get in a fight?
Did you get in an accident?
Did you get in touch with Tom?
Did you get in touch with her?
Did you get in touch with him?
Did you get in touch with them?
Did you get in trouble with your parents?
Did you get in trouble?
Did you get in with our crowd?
Did you get indigestion?
Did you get injured?
Did you get inside?
Did you get inspired?
Did you get into any life-threatening situations during your expedition?
Did you get into trouble again?
Did you get into trouble?
Did you get invited?
Did you get it fixed?
