Tom sleeps in the nude in the summer.
Tom sleeps in the nude.
Tom sleeps in this bed.
Tom sleeps in this room.
Tom sleeps like a log.
Tom sleeps like a log. The world could end, and he wouldn't notice.
Tom sleeps naked.
Tom sleeps on a cot.
Tom sleeps on a mattress on the floor.
Tom sleeps on a sofa that converts into a bed.
Tom sleeps on an old army cot.
Tom sleeps on his back.
Tom sleeps on his stomach.
Tom sleeps on my bed.
Tom sleeps on the bottom bunk of their bunk bed, while Mary sleeps on the top bunk.
Tom sleeps on the bottom bunk.
Tom sleeps on the floor.
Tom sleeps on the train.
Tom sleeps twelve hours a night.
Tom sleeps upstairs.
Tom sleeps very well in his new bed.
Tom sleeps whenever he can.
Tom sleeps with a gun under his pillow.
Tom sleeps with a knife under his pillow.
Tom sleeps with his bedroom door locked.
Tom sleeps with his door locked.
Tom sleeps with his lights on.
Tom sleeps with his mouth open.
Tom sleeps with his phone.
Tom sleeps with his socks on.
Tom sleeps with his window open, no matter how cold it is.
Tom sleeps with his window open.
Tom sleeps with his windows open, even in the winter.
Tom sleeps with his windows open.
Tom sleeps with the light on.
Tom sleeps with the window open.
Tom sleepwalks.
Tom slept a lot longer than I did.
Tom slept a lot longer than Mary did.
Tom slept a lot longer than Mary.
Tom slept a lot longer than me.
Tom slept about three hours this afternoon.
Tom slept all afternoon.
Tom slept all day yesterday.
Tom slept all day.
Tom slept almost 14 hours.
Tom slept an hour.
Tom slept at a capsule hotel in Japan.
Tom slept at a capsule hotel.
Tom slept at my place that night.
Tom slept at our place last night.
Tom slept at the office.
Tom slept at the service.
Tom slept during the day.
Tom slept for a few hours.
Tom slept for more than three hours this afternoon.
Tom slept for more than three hours.
Tom slept for only about three hours last night.
Tom slept for only three hours.
Tom slept for three days.
Tom slept for three hours this afternoon.
Tom slept for three hours.
Tom slept for twelve hours straight.
Tom slept here last night.
Tom slept here.
Tom slept in a hammock.
Tom slept in a yurt.
Tom slept in an awkward position, and ended up with a kinked neck.
Tom slept in class again today.
Tom slept in class.
Tom slept in his car last night.
Tom slept in his car.
Tom slept in his clothes.
Tom slept in his office.
Tom slept in his truck.
Tom slept in his van.
Tom slept in our guest room.
Tom slept in the attic.
Tom slept in the back of the minivan.
Tom slept in the back seat while Mary drove.
Tom slept in the backseat of the car as Mary drove.
Tom slept in the barn.
Tom slept in the basement of his store.
Tom slept in the basement.
Tom slept in the bathtub.
Tom slept in the car while Mary was driving.
Tom slept in the car.
Tom slept in the cave, and Mary slept in the tent.
Tom slept in the forest.
Tom slept in the guest bedroom.
Tom slept in the guest room.
Tom slept in the living room last night.
Tom slept in the other room.
Tom slept in this bed.
Tom slept in this morning.
Tom slept inside.
Tom slept just four hours a night, while Mary, being fond of her sleep, slept twelve.
Tom slept last night.
Tom slept late.
Tom slept later than usual.
Tom slept like a baby.
Tom slept like a child.
Tom slept like a log all night and most of the next day.
Tom slept like a log last night.
Tom slept like a log.
Tom slept longer than I did.
Tom slept longer than Mary did.
Tom slept longer than Mary.
Tom slept more than twelve hours yesterday.
Tom slept most of the afternoon.
Tom slept much longer than I did.
Tom slept much longer than Mary did.
Tom slept much longer than Mary.
Tom slept much longer than he had intended.
Tom slept much longer than he had planned to.
Tom slept nearly the whole way.
Tom slept on a couch in the living room.
Tom slept on a leaf.
Tom slept on a park bench.
Tom slept on an inflatable bed.
Tom slept on an inflatable mattress.
Tom slept on his back.
Tom slept on my couch.
Tom slept on the air mattress.
Tom slept on the beach.
Tom slept on the bench.
Tom slept on the bus.
Tom slept on the concrete floor, and I slept on the wooden bench.
Tom slept on the concrete floor.
Tom slept on the couch again.
Tom slept on the couch in the living room.
Tom slept on the couch.
Tom slept on the floor of the great hall.
Tom slept on the floor that night.
Tom slept on the floor wrapped in a blanket.
Tom slept on the floor.
Tom slept on the inflatable mattress.
Tom slept on the living room couch.
Tom slept on the park bench.
Tom slept on the plane.
Tom slept on the porch last night because he'd locked himself out of his house.
Tom slept on the pull-out sofa.
Tom slept on the sofa last night.
Tom slept on the sofa that night.
Tom slept on the sofa.
Tom slept on the top bunk.
Tom slept on the train.
Tom slept on the wooden floor.
Tom slept on this bed.
Tom slept on top of the covers.
Tom slept on two chairs that had been pushed together.
Tom slept outside last night on the porch.
Tom slept outside.
Tom slept over in his office.
Tom slept peacefully as the underground train rattled on its way.
Tom slept peacefully.
Tom slept profoundly.
Tom slept restlessly.
Tom slept soundly next to Mary.
Tom slept soundly.
Tom slept the entire day.
Tom slept the whole day.
Tom slept the whole morning away.
Tom slept the whole time.
Tom slept three hours.
Tom slept through a show on TV that he'd been looking forward to watching all day.
Tom slept through almost the entire meeting.
Tom slept through his Chemistry exam.
Tom slept through his alarm.
Tom slept through his final exam.
Tom slept through most of his classes in high school.
Tom slept through most of the movie.
Tom slept through the earthquake.
Tom slept through the entire concert.
Tom slept through the entire movie.
Tom slept through the entire ordeal.
Tom slept through the fire alarm.
Tom slept through the last half of the movie.
Tom slept through the whole thing.
Tom slept till dawn.
Tom slept till noon today.
Tom slept under a bridge last night.
Tom slept under a tree.
Tom slept under mosquito netting.
Tom slept under the tree, using his knapsack for a pillow.
Tom slept until 2:30 in the afternoon.
Tom slept until midday, it being Sunday.
Tom slept until noon today.
Tom slept until noon, it being Sunday.
Tom slept until noon.
Tom slept very little last night.
Tom slept well.
Tom slept while I finished eating breakfast.
Tom slept with his bedroom door locked.
Tom slept with his clothes on.
Tom slept with his shoes on.
Tom slept with my wife.
Tom slept with the window open.
Tom slept without a blanket.
Tom slept without a pillow.
Tom slept.
Tom slew the dragon.
Tom slew the monster.
Tom sliced each strawberry carefully.
Tom sliced his hand open.
Tom sliced his volley wide of the post.
Tom sliced the apple.
Tom sliced the banana with a knife.
Tom sliced the carrots.
Tom sliced the ham.
Tom sliced the loaf of bread.
Tom sliced the onion.
Tom sliced the potatoes.
Tom sliced the tomato with the knife he'd just sharpened.
Tom sliced the tomato with the knife that he'd just sharpened.
Tom sliced the tomato.
Tom sliced the tomatoes.
Tom sliced the tuna.
Tom sliced the turkey.
Tom slid a little closer to Mary on the couch.
Tom slid down the banister.
Tom slid down the chute.
Tom slid down the railing.
Tom slid down the rope.
Tom slid down the slide.
Tom slid down the water slide.
Tom slid his guitar under his bed.
Tom slid his hands behind her back to open her bra.
Tom slid his hands round her back to undo her bra.
Tom slid his sunglasses on top of his head.
Tom slid his tongue into Mary's ear.
Tom slid into a coma.
Tom slid into the seat next to Mary.
Tom slid off his horse.
Tom slid on the ice.
Tom slid open the door.
Tom slid open the window.
Tom slid some money into my pocket.
Tom slid the book into his backpack.
Tom slid the books into his backpack.
Tom slid the door open.
Tom slid the door shut.
Tom slid the envelope full of money across the table to Mary.
Tom slid the envelope under the door.
Tom slid the key into the lock.
Tom slid the notebook under the couch.
Tom slid the ring on Mary's finger.
Tom slid the window open.
Tom slipped Mary a note.
Tom slipped Mary an envelope full of money.
Tom slipped Mary some money.
Tom slipped a coat over Mary's shoulders.
Tom slipped a folded slip of paper into my hand.
Tom slipped a note into Mary's locker.
Tom slipped a note under Mary's door.
Tom slipped a pair of socks on.
Tom slipped and broke his neck.
Tom slipped and fell as he was getting off the bus.
Tom slipped and fell as he was going down the stairs.
Tom slipped and fell down the Grand Canyon.
Tom slipped and fell in the mud.
Tom slipped and fell in the shower.
Tom slipped and fell on the ice.
Tom slipped and fell.
Tom slipped and hit his head.
Tom slipped and nearly fell.
Tom slipped and tore his hamstring.
Tom slipped away unnoticed.
Tom slipped away.
Tom slipped back into unconsciousness.
Tom slipped his arms around Mary's waist.
Tom slipped his boots off.
Tom slipped in through the back door.
Tom slipped into his jacket and left his flat.
Tom slipped into his jacket, grabbed his keys, took the Post-it note shopping list off the wall, and left his flat.
Tom slipped into his jacket.
Tom slipped into his robe.
Tom slipped into the classroom unnoticed.
Tom slipped into the room.
Tom slipped me a note.
Tom slipped off his headphones.
Tom slipped off his shoes.
Tom slipped off the ladder, but Mary broke his fall, and he didn't get hurt.
Tom slipped on a banana peel.
Tom slipped on black ice.
Tom slipped on ice and broke his hip last winter.
Tom slipped on ice.
Tom slipped on the ice and fell down.
Tom slipped on the ice and fell.
Tom slipped on the ice and hurt his leg.
Tom slipped on the ice.
Tom slipped on the icy pavement.
Tom slipped on the icy sidewalk.
Tom slipped on the linoleum floor.
Tom slipped on the stairs.
Tom slipped on the wet floor and dislocated his knee.
Tom slipped on the wet grass and fell on his backside.
Tom slipped out of bed.
Tom slipped out of the classroom.
Tom slipped out the back door.
Tom slipped out the side door.
Tom slipped outside.
Tom slipped past the guard.
Tom slipped past the guards.
Tom slipped quietly into his clothes and tiptoed out of the room.
Tom slipped quietly out of bed and went into the kitchen.
Tom slipped some money into Mary's hand.
Tom slipped some money into Mary’s hand.
Tom slipped something in Mary's drink.
Tom slipped the letter into the box.
Tom slipped the money in his pocket.
Tom slipped through the crowd.
Tom slipped when he was crossing the street.
Tom slipped while he was crossing the road.
Tom slipped.
Tom slips.
Tom slit Mary's throat.
Tom slit Mary’s throat.
Tom slit his own throat.
Tom slit his wrists.
Tom slit open the envelope.
Tom slobbered.
Tom slowed down and pulled over to the side of the road.
Tom slowed down at the stop sign, but didn't stop.
Tom slowed down for the stop sign, but he didn't actually stop.
Tom slowed down.
Tom slowed the car.
Tom slowed to a stop.
Tom slowed us up.
Tom slowly advanced.
Tom slowly backed away.
Tom slowly closed his eyes.
Tom slowly drank his wine.
Tom slowly drew back.
Tom slowly grew despondent.
Tom slowly looked around the room.
Tom slowly moved forward.
Tom slowly opened his eyes, and then Mary kissed him.
Tom slowly opened his eyes.
Tom slowly opened the door.
Tom slowly opened the gift that Mary had given him.
Tom slowly opened the present that Mary had given him.
Tom slowly pushed open the door and looked into the room.
Tom slowly pushed open the door.
Tom slowly raised his gun.
Tom slowly retreated.
Tom slowly rose from his chair.
Tom slowly sat up.
Tom slowly turned the doorknob and entered the room quietly.
Tom slowly turned the knob and opened the door.
Tom slowly veered into oncoming traffic.
Tom slowly walked away.
Tom slowly walked back to his dorm.
Tom slowly walked back to his seat.
Tom slowly walked backwards.
Tom slowly walked down the stairs.
Tom slowly walked down the street.
Tom slowly walked towards Mary.
Tom slowly walked up the hill.
Tom slowly walked up the stairs.
Tom slowly walked up the steps.
Tom slugged Mary.
Tom slugged me.
Tom slumped against the wall, exhausted and miserable.
Tom slumped back in his chair.
Tom slumped down next to Mary.
Tom slumped in his chair.
Tom slumped into a chair, exhausted.
Tom slumped on the couch.
Tom slumped over.
Tom slumped to the floor.
Tom slumped to the ground.
Tom slung his arm around Mary's shoulders.
Tom slung his bag over his shoulder.
Tom slung his guitar over his shoulder.
Tom slung his towel over his shoulder.
Tom slung the towel over his shoulder.
Tom slurped his drink.
Tom slurped his soup, which annoyed Mary.
Tom slurred his words.
Tom slurs his words whenever he gets drunk.
Tom smacked Mary.
Tom smacked his lips.
Tom smashed Mary's head against the wall until she was dead.
Tom smashed a champagne glass against the wall.
Tom smashed his French exam.
Tom smashed his piggy bank with a hammer.
Tom smashed the door.
Tom smashed the old furniture to pieces and then he burned it.
Tom smashed the window.
Tom smashed the world record.
Tom smeared Vegemite behind his ears to avoid being attacked by a drop bear.
Tom smelled Mary's perfume as soon as he entered the room.
Tom smelled a rat.
Tom smelled funny.
Tom smelled gas.
Tom smelled it.
Tom smelled like a brewery.
Tom smelled like a distillery.
Tom smelled like a pig.
Tom smelled like cigarettes.
Tom smelled like he'd been drinking.
Tom smelled of cigarettes.
Tom smelled really bad, but Mary pretended not to notice.
Tom smelled really bad.
Tom smelled smoke.
Tom smelled something burning.
Tom smelled something cooking.
Tom smelled something.
Tom smelled terrible.
Tom smelled the flower.
Tom smelled the flowers.
Tom smelled the food that was offered to him and he refused it.
Tom smelled the rose.
Tom smells awful.
Tom smells bad.
Tom smells horrible.
Tom smells like a bag of farts.
Tom smells like a brewery.
Tom smells like a dog.
Tom smells like campfire.
Tom smells like garbage.
Tom smells terrible.
Tom smells weird.
Tom smells.
Tom smelt like a brewery.
Tom smiled a little.
Tom smiled admiringly.
Tom smiled affably.
Tom smiled again.
Tom smiled amiably.
Tom smiled and laughed uncomfortably.
Tom smiled and left.
Tom smiled and nodded approvingly.
Tom smiled and nodded.
Tom smiled and raised his hat.
Tom smiled and said goodbye.
Tom smiled and said he was doing fine.
Tom smiled and said hi.
Tom smiled and said yes.
Tom smiled and shook his head.
Tom smiled and started to dance.
Tom smiled and told Mary to have nice day.
Tom smiled and told me to have nice day.
Tom smiled and took his leave.
Tom smiled and waved at Mary.
Tom smiled apologetically and left the room.
Tom smiled apologetically.
Tom smiled appreciatively.
Tom smiled approvingly.
Tom smiled as Mary sat down to join him.
Tom smiled as he read Mary's letter.
Tom smiled as he remembered the happy times.
Tom smiled as he took his seat.
Tom smiled at Mary affectionately.
Tom smiled at Mary and said hi.
Tom smiled at Mary and she smiled back.
Tom smiled at Mary and then she smiled at him.
Tom smiled at Mary as he left the room.
Tom smiled at Mary condescendingly.
Tom smiled at Mary from across the room.
Tom smiled at Mary in encouragement.
Tom smiled at Mary sheepishly.
Tom smiled at Mary shyly.
Tom smiled at Mary uneasily.
Tom smiled at Mary when she came into the room.
Tom smiled at Mary when she walked in.
Tom smiled at Mary, and she smiled back at him.
Tom smiled at Mary, and she smiled back.
Tom smiled at Mary, but she didn't smile back at him.
Tom smiled at Mary, but she didn't smile back.
Tom smiled at Mary.
Tom smiled at everyone he saw.
Tom smiled at himself in the mirror.
Tom smiled at his mother expectantly.
Tom smiled at me and we began to talk.
Tom smiled at me with a strange expression on his face.
Tom smiled at me.
Tom smiled at the audience and took a bow.
Tom smiled at the audience.
Tom smiled at the bus driver.
Tom smiled at the camera.
Tom smiled at the crowd.
Tom smiled at the waitress.
Tom smiled at them all.
Tom smiled at us.
Tom smiled at you, didn't he?
Tom smiled awkwardly at Mary.
Tom smiled awkwardly.
Tom smiled back at Mary.
Tom smiled back at me.
Tom smiled back happily.
Tom smiled back.
Tom smiled bitterly.
Tom smiled bravely.
Tom smiled briefly.
Tom smiled eagerly.
Tom smiled expectantly.
Tom smiled faintly.
Tom smiled for the camera.
Tom smiled for the cameras.
Tom smiled gratefully.
Tom smiled grimly.
Tom smiled guiltily.
Tom smiled halfheartedly.
Tom smiled happily.
Tom smiled hello.
Tom smiled helplessly.
Tom smiled hesitantly.
Tom smiled hopefully.
Tom smiled humbly.
Tom smiled in silence.
Tom smiled innocently.
Tom smiled inwardly.
Tom smiled knowingly.
Tom smiled mischievously.
Tom smiled mysteriously.
Tom smiled nervously.
Tom smiled nonchalantly and didn't say a thing.
Tom smiled pleasantly.
Tom smiled politely.
Tom smiled reassuringly.
Tom smiled sadly.
Tom smiled sheepishly and looked away.
Tom smiled sheepishly.
Tom smiled shyly.
Tom smiled skeptically.
Tom smiled slightly.
Tom smiled smugly.
Tom smiled sympathetically.
Tom smiled thoughtfully.
Tom smiled to himself.
Tom smiled triumphantly.
Tom smiled uncomfortably.
Tom smiled understandingly.
Tom smiled warmly.
Tom smiled when Mary entered the room.
Tom smiled when Mary looked at him.
Tom smiled when Mary walked into the room.
Tom smiled when Mary winked at him.
Tom smiled when he realized Mary was about to kiss him.
Tom smiled when he realized that Mary was about to kiss him.
Tom smiled when he saw Mary.
Tom smiled when he saw me.
Tom smiled when you said that.
Tom smiled wickedly.
Tom smiled with confidence.
Tom smiled with pride.
Tom smiled with relief.
Tom smiled without saying anything.
Tom smiled, but didn't respond.
Tom smiled, slightly embarrassed.
Tom smiled, thanked Mary and then left.
Tom smiled.
Tom smiles a lot.
Tom smiles all the time.
Tom smiles every time he sees Mary.
Tom smiles sometimes, but not very often.
Tom smiles when he's nervous.
Tom smiles.
Tom smirked.
Tom smoked a cigar.
Tom smoked a cigarette out of boredom.
Tom smoked a cigarette.
Tom smoked at least two packs of cigarettes.
Tom smoked cigars.
Tom smoked me up.
Tom smoked pot.
Tom smoked two packets of cigarettes yesterday.
Tom smoked us up.
Tom smoked weed.
Tom smoked.
Tom smokes a lot and drinks a lot.
Tom smokes a lot.
Tom smokes a pack of cigarettes a day.
Tom smokes constantly in his apartment. His apartment is so smoky that you think you're in Beijing.
Tom smokes crack.
Tom smokes grass.
Tom smokes like a chimney and drinks like a fish.
Tom smokes like a chimney.
Tom smokes marijuana.
Tom smokes on the balcony, but Mary does not like it at all.
Tom smokes only ocassionally.
Tom smokes pot.
Tom smokes three packs a day.
Tom smokes three packs of cigarettes a day.
Tom smokes too much.
Tom smokes two or three cigarettes a day.
Tom smokes up to twenty cigarettes a day, whereas Mary doesn't smoke at all.
Tom smokes weed.
Tom smokes, drinks and gambles.
Tom smokes.
Tom smoothed his hair.
Tom smoothly opened the door.
Tom smothered Mary to death with a pillow while she was sleeping.
Tom smothered Mary with a pillow while she was sleeping.
Tom smothered Mary.
Tom smothered his daughter with kisses.
Tom smothered his son with a pillow.
Tom smuggled a bottle of whiskey into Mary's hospital room.
Tom smuggled a bottle of whiskey into Mary’s hospital room.
Tom smuggled something into Australia for Mary.
Tom smuggled the stolen diamonds out of the country.
Tom snacked all day.
Tom snacks all day long.
Tom snacks all day.
Tom snapped a picture.
Tom snapped at Mary.
Tom snapped at me.
Tom snapped his fingers and pointed to the door.
Tom snapped his fingers.
Tom snapped his pencil.
Tom snapped out of his reverie.
Tom snarled at Mary.
Tom snatched Mary's phone out of her hand.
Tom snatched defeat from the jaws of victory.
Tom snatched the doll away from Mary.
Tom snatched victory from the jaws of defeat.
Tom sneaked back into the room.
Tom sneaked into Mary's house.
Tom sneaked into Mary's office.
Tom sneaked into a warehouse to steal spare parts.
Tom sneaked into the room.
Tom sneaked out and had a few pints with the lads.
Tom sneaked out of the house.
Tom sneaked out of the office.
Tom sneaked out the back door.
Tom sneaked up behind Mary without being noticed.
Tom sneaked up behind Mary.
Tom sneaked up behind me and shoved me into the pool.
Tom sneaked up behind me.
Tom sneaked up behind the guard and clobbered him with a monkey wrench.
Tom sneered.
Tom sneezed again.
Tom sneezed all over Mary's monitor and keyboard.
Tom sneezed and opened his eyes.
Tom sneezed violently.
Tom sneezed.
Tom sneezes a lot.
Tom sneezes every time he's near flowers.
Tom sneezes quite often. He may have hay fever.
Tom sneezes without covering his mouth.
Tom snickered at Mary.
Tom snickered to himself.
Tom snickered.
Tom sniffed.
Tom sniffled.
Tom snitched on Mary.
Tom snitched on me.
Tom snitched on us.
Tom snoozed quietly in front of the TV.
Tom snored loudly while he slept.
Tom snored loudly with his mouth open.
Tom snored loudly.
Tom snored so loudly I could hear him from my room.
Tom snored.
Tom snores a lot.
Tom snores like a jackhammer.
Tom snores louder than Mary does.
Tom snores louder than Mary.
Tom snores louder than anyone else I know.
Tom snores loudly.
Tom snores pretty loudly.
Tom snores, but not too loudly.
Tom snores, too.
Tom snores.
Tom snorkeled around the reef.
Tom snorted soda from his nose in astonishment.
Tom snorted when I told him how much I paid for it.
Tom snorted.
Tom snubbed Mary.
Tom snuck across the border.
Tom snuck back into the house.
Tom snuck in the bar using a fake ID.
Tom snuck into Mary's house.
Tom snuck into Mary's office.
Tom snuck into a warehouse to steal spare parts.
Tom snuck into the kitchen and got something to eat.
Tom snuck into the movie theater.
Tom snuck into the party.
Tom snuck into the room.
Tom snuck into the storeroom.
Tom snuck out and had a few beers with the guys.
Tom snuck out and surreptitiously bought Mary a big bunch of flowers for their wedding anniversary.
Tom snuck out at night.
Tom snuck out of the house last night.
Tom snuck out of the house.
Tom snuck out of the office.
Tom snuck out of the room.
Tom snuck out to call Mary.
Tom snuck out to meet Mary.
Tom snuck out.
Tom snuck past the guard.
Tom snuck up behind Mary.
Tom snuck up behind me and pushed me into the pool.
Tom snuck up behind me and pushed me into the river.
Tom snuck up behind me and pushed me off the pier.
Tom snuck up on me from behind.
Tom snuffed the candle.
Tom snuffed the candles.
Tom snuggled down in his bed.
Tom snuggled in close, putting his arm around Mary.
Tom snuggled under the blankets.
Tom snuggled up against Mary as he fell asleep.
Tom soaked in the bathtub.
Tom sobbed again.
Tom sobbed out loud.
Tom sobbed.
Tom sobered up a bit.
Tom sobered up quickly.
Tom sobered up.
Tom socked Mary in the arm.
Tom soft-boiled the eggs.
Tom softly closed the door and tiptoed over to Mary.
Tom sold Mary a necklace that he'd stolen.
Tom sold Mary his bicycle.
Tom sold Mary his car.
Tom sold Mary his old bicycle.
Tom sold Mary his old car.
Tom sold Mary his old clarinet.
Tom sold Mary's necklace for a very low price.
Tom sold a gun to me.
Tom sold a necklace to Mary that he'd stolen.
Tom sold a pint of his blood for thirteen dollars.
Tom sold all 300 copies of his book.
Tom sold all his land and gave the money to charity.
Tom sold all his land.
Tom sold all his possessions.
Tom sold all his property in Australia.
Tom sold all his property in Boston.
Tom sold all his property.
Tom sold all of his belongings.
Tom sold all of his land and gave the money to charity.
Tom sold almost all his property.
Tom sold almost everything he had.
Tom sold almost everything he owned.
Tom sold bread.
Tom sold everything he had.
Tom sold everything he owned and moved to Australia.
Tom sold everything he owned.
Tom sold everything that he had.
Tom sold everything that he owned and moved to Australia.
Tom sold everything that he owned.
Tom sold his apartment and went to live in a remote village.
Tom sold his bicycle to Mary.
Tom sold his bike on craigslist.
Tom sold his business and retired.
Tom sold his business.
Tom sold his car for scrap.
Tom sold his car last week.
Tom sold his car three weeks ago.
Tom sold his car to Mary for three hundred dollars.
Tom sold his car to Mary.
Tom sold his car without hesitation.
Tom sold his car.
Tom sold his company to Mary.
Tom sold his company to one of his employees.
Tom sold his company.
Tom sold his farm and moved into a small house on Park Street.
Tom sold his farm and moved to Australia.
Tom sold his farm and moved to Boston.
Tom sold his farm.
Tom sold his guitar, even though he didn't want to.
Tom sold his gun to Mary.
Tom sold his house and his car to buy bitcoins.
Tom sold his house and moved into a small apartment.
Tom sold his house for $300,000.
Tom sold his house in Australia a long time ago.
Tom sold his house in Australia.
Tom sold his house in Boston a long time ago.
Tom sold his house in Boston.
Tom sold his house last week.
Tom sold his house three months ago.
Tom sold his house.
Tom sold his motorcycle to Mary.
Tom sold his old bicycle to Mary.
Tom sold his old car to Mary.
Tom sold his old car to me.
Tom sold his old clarinet to Mary.
Tom sold his old clarinet to me for thirty dollars.
Tom sold his old guitar.
Tom sold his old refrigerator to Mary.
Tom sold his old refrigerator to me.
Tom sold his soul.
Tom sold insurance.
Tom sold it at a loss.
Tom sold it for a good price.
Tom sold it to me.
Tom sold it to somebody else.
Tom sold it.
Tom sold lemonade when he was a kid.
Tom sold me a gun.
Tom sold me down the river.
Tom sold me his old car.
Tom sold me his old clarinet for thirty dollars.
Tom sold me his old refrigerator.
Tom sold me some lakefront property.
Tom sold me this for thirty dollars.
Tom sold me three of his chickens.
Tom sold most of his belongings before he left for Australia.
Tom sold most of his paintings.
Tom sold off all his possessions.
Tom sold out.
Tom sold postcards.
Tom sold some of the potatoes he had bought to Mary.
Tom sold that painting for a ridiculously high price.
Tom sold the book for 10 euros.
Tom sold the bracelet.
Tom sold the bread.
Tom sold the car that he'd stolen to an undercover policeman.
Tom sold the farm after Mary died and went back to Boston.
Tom sold the guitar that his father gave him.
Tom sold the guitar that his father had given him.
Tom sold the necklace to Mary for a very low price.
Tom sold thirty pairs of earrings the day before yesterday.
Tom sold this to me for thirty dollars.
Tom sold three of his chickens to me.
Tom sold three of his companies.
Tom sold three refrigerators today.
Tom sold us out.
Tom sold us some eggs.
Tom sold used cars for a while.
Tom soldered the wires with his soldering iron.
Tom solved all the problems without his teacher's help.
Tom solved all the problems.
Tom solved as many problems as he was asked to.
Tom solved every problem.
Tom solved only half the problems correctly.
Tom solved that problem.
Tom solved the CAPTCHA.
Tom solved the mystery.
Tom solved the problem by himself.
Tom solved the problem easily.
Tom solved the problem on his own.
Tom solved the problem.
Tom solved the puzzle after Mary gave him a few hints.
Tom solved the puzzle.
Tom somehow became young again.
Tom somehow managed to swim across the river.
Tom sometimes agrees with me.
Tom sometimes annoys me.
Tom sometimes appears on TV.
Tom sometimes asks questions about things that are hard to explain.
Tom sometimes asks very rude questions.
Tom sometimes blackmails Mary.
Tom sometimes braids his beard.
Tom sometimes buys toys from this store.
Tom sometimes calls Mary as many as five times a day.
Tom sometimes calls Mary five times a day.
Tom sometimes calls Mary in the morning before breakfast.
Tom sometimes chews with his mouth open.
Tom sometimes comes here.
Tom sometimes comes home late.
Tom sometimes comes to Australia.
Tom sometimes comes to Boston.
Tom sometimes comes to see me.
Tom sometimes cooks dinner for us.
Tom sometimes cooks something.
Tom sometimes cries himself to sleep.
Tom sometimes cries when he's scared.
Tom sometimes cries.
Tom sometimes does foolish things.
Tom sometimes does that and sometimes he doesn't.
Tom sometimes does that when he's drunk.
Tom sometimes does that when he's happy.
Tom sometimes does that when he's hungry.
Tom sometimes does that when he's sad.
Tom sometimes does that when he's sleepy.
Tom sometimes does that when he's tired.
Tom sometimes does that when he's upset.
Tom sometimes does that.
Tom sometimes doesn't seem to understand what I'm saying.
Tom sometimes drinks a little wine.
Tom sometimes drives me home from work.
Tom sometimes drops in on me.
Tom sometimes eats in his bedroom.
Tom sometimes eats lunch here, too.
Tom sometimes eats lunch here.
Tom sometimes eats lunch with us.
Tom sometimes eats out with Mary.
Tom sometimes eats out with his family.
Tom sometimes exaggerates.
Tom sometimes falls asleep during class.
Tom sometimes falls asleep in class.
Tom sometimes feeds his cat dog food.
Tom sometimes feeds his dog table scraps.
Tom sometimes forgets to lock the door.
Tom sometimes gets depressed.
Tom sometimes gets embarrassed.
Tom sometimes gets home around 2:30.
Tom sometimes gets into trouble.
Tom sometimes gets on my nerves.
Tom sometimes gets too emotional.
Tom sometimes goes to Australia on business.
Tom sometimes goes to Australia.
Tom sometimes goes to Boston on business.
Tom sometimes goes to Boston.
Tom sometimes goes to work by bicycle.
Tom sometimes goes to work by bus.
Tom sometimes goes to work by car.
Tom sometimes goes to work very early.
Tom sometimes got teased for being slow at school.
Tom sometimes has crazy ideas.
Tom sometimes has trouble keeping his balance.
Tom sometimes has trouble understanding other people's feelings.
Tom sometimes has trouble understanding other people's motives and desires.
Tom sometimes help me with my math homework.
Tom sometimes helps his mother in the kitchen.
Tom sometimes helps his mother.
Tom sometimes helps me with my homework.
Tom sometimes helps me with my math homework.
Tom sometimes helps me.
Tom sometimes is very aggressive and likes to start arguments.
Tom sometimes leaves early.
Tom sometimes makes amateur porn clips.
Tom sometimes makes dinner for us.
Tom sometimes mispronounces words.
Tom sometimes needs a day to recover from the work week.
Tom sometimes needs a little supervision.
Tom sometimes opens bottles with his teeth.
Tom sometimes oversleeps.
Tom sometimes phones Mary five times a day.
Tom sometimes picks his nose in public.
Tom sometimes played tennis here last year.
Tom sometimes plays baseball there.
Tom sometimes plays tennis with Mary.
Tom sometimes puts honey in his tea.
Tom sometimes reads in bed.
Tom sometimes reads on his bed.
Tom sometimes rings Mary five times a day.
Tom sometimes rips off his customers.
Tom sometimes runs to school.
Tom sometimes says nice things.
Tom sometimes says things he doesn't really believe.
Tom sometimes says things he doesn’t really believe.
Tom sometimes says things more gently to avoid hurting other people's feelings.
Tom sometimes sees Mary on the street in front of his house.
Tom sometimes sings in French.
Tom sometimes skips lunch.
Tom sometimes sleeps in.
Tom sometimes sleeps on my couch.
Tom sometimes sleeps on my sofa.
Tom sometimes sleeps on the floor.
Tom sometimes speaks French.
Tom sometimes speaks too fast.
Tom sometimes stays up late at night.
Tom sometimes stops by.
Tom sometimes swims laps.
Tom sometimes talks in his sleep.
Tom sometimes visited me when I lived in Australia.
Tom sometimes visited me when I was in Australia.
Tom sometimes visits his father's office.
Tom sometimes visits in October.
Tom sometimes visits me.
Tom sometimes walks home from work.
Tom sometimes walks in his sleep.
Tom sometimes walks to school.
Tom sometimes walks to work.
Tom sometimes watches TV.
Tom sometimes wears a hat.
Tom sometimes wears his brother's clothes.
Tom sometimes wears sunglasses indoors.
Tom sometimes wins.
Tom sometimes wishes Mary were a stoat. Given how much he likes them both, Mary the stoat would be to him the manifestation of excellence itself.
Tom sometimes works as a substitute teacher.
Tom somewhat resembles his father.
Tom soon adapted himself to school life.
Tom soon became aware of what was happening.
Tom soon became healthy again.
Tom soon became my best friend.
Tom soon caught up with Mary.
Tom soon died.
Tom soon discovered that he could speak French better than his French teacher.
Tom soon discovered that he knew more about science than his teacher did.
Tom soon discovered that he knew more about science than his teacher.
Tom soon discovered that he knew more about science than the teacher.
Tom soon discovered what the problem was.
Tom soon fell asleep and began snoring very loudly.
Tom soon fell asleep and started snoring.
Tom soon fell asleep.
Tom soon fell in love with Mary.
Tom soon followed suit.
Tom soon found out how bad the roads were.
Tom soon found out how tough it was to live on his own.
Tom soon found out that Mary was stealing from the cash register.
Tom soon found out that nothing had changed since his last visit.
Tom soon found out what the problem was.
Tom soon found out why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom soon found out why none of his friends wanted to do that.
Tom soon gambled away his winnings.
Tom soon got used to living in Australia.
Tom soon learned how to speak French.
Tom soon learned the truth.
Tom soon left Australia.
Tom soon left Boston.
Tom soon lost interest and left.
Tom soon realized Mary didn't know what she was doing.
Tom soon realized Mary had stolen all his money.
Tom soon realized Mary was deliberately avoiding him.
Tom soon realized Mary was still alive.
Tom soon realized Mary wasn't joking.
Tom soon realized he needed to help Mary.
Tom soon realized he shouldn't have tried doing that.
Tom soon realized he was alone.
Tom soon realized he was trapped.
Tom soon realized he wasn't alone.
Tom soon realized he wasn't going to be able to do that.
Tom soon realized he wasn't going to be able to help.
Tom soon realized he wouldn't be able to change anything.
Tom soon realized he'd been conned.
Tom soon realized he'd been swindled.
Tom soon realized he'd been tricked.
Tom soon realized he'd never be able to do that.
Tom soon realized his mistake.
Tom soon realized it was useless to try to convince Mary to stay.
Tom soon realized no one was paying any attention to him.
Tom soon realized no one would help him.
Tom soon realized nobody was paying any attention to him.
Tom soon realized nobody would help him.
Tom soon realized something was wrong.
Tom soon realized that Mary had no intention of leaving.
Tom soon realized that Mary had stolen all his money.
Tom soon realized that Mary was deliberately avoiding him.
Tom soon realized that Mary was still alive.
Tom soon realized that Mary wasn't a very good swimmer.
Tom soon realized that Mary wasn't joking.
Tom soon realized that he needed to help Mary.
Tom soon realized that he shouldn't be doing that.
Tom soon realized that he was alone.
Tom soon realized that he was trapped.
Tom soon realized that he wasn't going to be able to do that.
Tom soon realized that he wasn't going to be able to help.
Tom soon realized that he wouldn't be able to change anything.
Tom soon realized that he'd been conned.
Tom soon realized that he'd been swindled.
Tom soon realized that he'd been tricked.
Tom soon realized that he'd never be able to do that.
Tom soon realized that it was useless to try to convince Mary to stay.
Tom soon realized that no one was paying any attention to him.
Tom soon realized that no one would help him.
Tom soon realized that nobody was paying any attention to him.
Tom soon realized that nobody would help him.
Tom soon realized that something was wrong.
Tom soon realized that the person he was talking to wasn't Mary.
Tom soon realized that the pump needed to be repaired.
Tom soon realized that there was nothing he could do to help.
Tom soon realized that there was nothing that he could do to help.
Tom soon realized that there was somebody else in the room.
Tom soon realized that there was someone else in the room.
Tom soon realized the person he was talking to wasn't Mary.
Tom soon realized the seriousness of his error.
Tom soon realized there was a problem.
Tom soon realized there was no way he could do that.
Tom soon realized there was nothing he could do to help.
Tom soon realized there was nothing that he could do to help.
Tom soon realized there was somebody else in the room.
Tom soon realized there was someone else in the room.
Tom soon realized what Mary meant.
Tom soon realized with horror the serious error he had made.
Tom soon recovered from the shock.
Tom soon recovered his composure.
Tom soon recovered.
Tom soon walked away.
Tom sort of liked Mary.
Tom sort of took me under his wing.
Tom sorted his laundry.
Tom sorted the mail.
Tom sorted through his email messages using keyword searches.
Tom sought Mary's advice.
Tom sought advice from a native speaker before putting the sentence on Tatoeba.
Tom sought advice from his family.
Tom sought help for problem gambling.
Tom sought his friends' advice about where to vacation, exacerbating his indecision about vacationing at all.
Tom sought relief in the bottle, after losing both his job and Mary in the same week.
Tom sought shelter from the rain.
Tom sought solace in the bottle after he and Mary broke up.
Tom sought to join the Ku Klux Klan.
Tom sounded a bit jealous.
Tom sounded a little angry.
Tom sounded a little cranky this afternoon.
Tom sounded a little disappointed.
Tom sounded agitated on the phone.
Tom sounded almost proud of that.
Tom sounded angry.
Tom sounded as excited as Mary did.
Tom sounded bitter.
Tom sounded busy.
Tom sounded concerned.
Tom sounded confident.
Tom sounded crazy.
Tom sounded desperate.
Tom sounded disappointed.
Tom sounded drunk.
Tom sounded excited by the prospect.
Tom sounded excited.
Tom sounded exhausted.
Tom sounded friendly.
Tom sounded genuinely concerned.
Tom sounded happy.
Tom sounded indignant.
Tom sounded intrigued.
Tom sounded irritated.
Tom sounded like he didn't believe you.
Tom sounded like he had a cold.
Tom sounded like he had a sore throat.
Tom sounded like he meant it.
Tom sounded like he was surprised by the question.
Tom sounded like he was upset.
Tom sounded mad.
Tom sounded optimistic.
Tom sounded pretty desperate.
Tom sounded really good.
Tom sounded really upset.
Tom sounded ridiculous.
Tom sounded shocked.
Tom sounded sleepy.
Tom sounded slightly jealous.
Tom sounded slightly panicked.
Tom sounded startled.
Tom sounded strange.
Tom sounded stressed on the phone.
Tom sounded surprised when I told him about Mary's accident.
Tom sounded surprised when I told him what had happened.
Tom sounded surprised when I told him.
Tom sounded surprised.
Tom sounded tense.
Tom sounded tired.
Tom sounded upset.
Tom sounded very confident.
Tom sounded very positive.
Tom sounded very stoned.
Tom sounded very tired on the phone.
Tom sounded weird.
Tom sounded worried.
Tom sounds a lot like his brother.
Tom sounds a lot like his father.
Tom sounds agitated.
Tom sounds almost proud of that.
Tom sounds an awful lot like his brother.
Tom sounds angry.
Tom sounds dangerous.
Tom sounds desperate.
Tom sounds disappointed.
Tom sounds exactly like his father.
Tom sounds exhausted.
Tom sounds fairly fluent in French.
Tom sounds frightened.
Tom sounds horrible.
Tom sounds impressed.
Tom sounds impressive.
Tom sounds just like a native speaker.
Tom sounds kind of nasal.
Tom sounds like a Canadian.
Tom sounds like a cop.
Tom sounds like a creep.
Tom sounds like a great guy.
Tom sounds like a little girl.
Tom sounds like a native French speaker.
Tom sounds like a nice guy.
Tom sounds like a nice person.
Tom sounds like a pretty cool kid.
Tom sounds like a pretty interesting person.
Tom sounds like a pretty nice guy.
Tom sounds like a professional.
Tom sounds like a really nice guy.
Tom sounds like a smart young man.
Tom sounds like a white guy.
Tom sounds like an amazing kid.
Tom sounds like an idiot.
Tom sounds like he grew up singing in church.
Tom sounds like he's a great guy.
Tom sounds like his father.
Tom sounds mad.
Tom sounds nervous.
Tom sounds nice.
Tom sounds nuts.
Tom sounds perfect.
Tom sounds pretty dumb.
Tom sounds really upset.
Tom sounds sad.
Tom sounds serious.
Tom sounds tired.
Tom sounds totally cool.
Tom sounds upset.
Tom sounds very immature.
Tom sounds worried.
Tom sounds young.
Tom sowed fruits.
Tom sowed his field with barley.
Tom sowed wheat in his field.
Tom spaced out completely.
Tom spaced out.
Tom spaces out a lot.
Tom spanked John.
Tom spanked her.
Tom spanked his son for misbehaving.
Tom spared no expense.
Tom spat in front of them.
Tom spat in my face.
Tom spat on Mary.
Tom spat on the ground in front of his boss.
Tom spat.
Tom speaks Bangla.
Tom speaks Bengali.
Tom speaks Canadian French.
Tom speaks Cebuano.
Tom speaks Dusun to Mary, because Mary is a Kadazan from Penampang.
Tom speaks English as well as you.
Tom speaks English just as well as you guys.
Tom speaks English more often than French.
Tom speaks English with a French accent.
Tom speaks English with a clear French accent.
Tom speaks English with a distinct French accent.
Tom speaks English with a heavy French accent.
Tom speaks English with a slight French accent.
Tom speaks English with a strong French accent.
Tom speaks English with an accent.
Tom speaks English with an indecipherable accent.
Tom speaks English.
Tom speaks French a bit.
Tom speaks French a little better than I do.
Tom speaks French a little.
Tom speaks French a lot better than I do.
Tom speaks French a lot better than me.
Tom speaks French about as well as Mary does.
Tom speaks French about as well as you do.
Tom speaks French all the time.
Tom speaks French almost as well as Mary does.
Tom speaks French almost as well as Mary.
Tom speaks French almost as well as he speaks English.
Tom speaks French almost like a native speaker.
Tom speaks French and English fluently.
Tom speaks French and English.
Tom speaks French and also speaks English.
Tom speaks French and of course he speaks English, too.
Tom speaks French and so does Mary.
Tom speaks French as fluently as a native speaker, and he also speaks passable English.
Tom speaks French as if he were a native speaker.
Tom speaks French as well as English.
Tom speaks French as well as I do.
Tom speaks French as well as Mary does.
Tom speaks French as well as Mary.
Tom speaks French as well as anybody else in this room.
Tom speaks French as well as me.
Tom speaks French as well as you do.
Tom speaks French as well as you.
Tom speaks French as well.
Tom speaks French at home.
Tom speaks French at least as well as you do.
Tom speaks French at work.
Tom speaks French badly.
Tom speaks French better than English.
Tom speaks French better than I do.
Tom speaks French better than Mary does.
Tom speaks French better than Mary.
Tom speaks French better than all the other pupils in his class.
Tom speaks French better than any of his classmates.
Tom speaks French better than any of the other students in his class.
Tom speaks French better than any other person in our office.
Tom speaks French better than anyone else in the class.
Tom speaks French better than he pretends to.
Tom speaks French better than he speaks English.
Tom speaks French better than his classmates.
Tom speaks French better than his father does.
Tom speaks French better than me.
Tom speaks French better than you do.
Tom speaks French better than you might expect.
Tom speaks French better than you, doesn't he?
Tom speaks French better than you.
Tom speaks French every day.
Tom speaks French extremely well.
Tom speaks French fairly well, doesn't he?
Tom speaks French fairly well, doesn’t he?
Tom speaks French fairly well.
Tom speaks French fluently.
Tom speaks French just as well as you guys do.
Tom speaks French just as well as you guys.
Tom speaks French like a native speaker.
Tom speaks French like a native.
Tom speaks French more fluently than Mary does.
Tom speaks French more fluently than Mary.
Tom speaks French more often than Mary does.
Tom speaks French much better than English.
Tom speaks French much better than Mary does.
Tom speaks French much better than Mary.
Tom speaks French much better than anyone else.
Tom speaks French much better than he speaks English.
Tom speaks French only just a little bit better than he speaks English.
Tom speaks French only slightly better than he speaks English.
Tom speaks French perfectly.
Tom speaks French pretty well, doesn't he?
Tom speaks French pretty well, don't you think?
Tom speaks French pretty well.
Tom speaks French quite fluently.
Tom speaks French quite well.
Tom speaks French rather well.
Tom speaks French really fast.
Tom speaks French really well.
Tom speaks French so badly that he is often misunderstood.
Tom speaks French so badly that he's often misunderstood.
Tom speaks French so well that many people think it's his native language.
Tom speaks French sometimes.
Tom speaks French to his children.
Tom speaks French to his grandparents.
Tom speaks French to his kids.
Tom speaks French to his teachers.
Tom speaks French to some extent.
Tom speaks French too fast for me to understand.
Tom speaks French very fluently.
Tom speaks French very well.
Tom speaks French well, I think.
Tom speaks French well, but not as well as he speaks English.
Tom speaks French well, though not perfectly.
Tom speaks French well.
Tom speaks French whenever he can.
Tom speaks French with Mary.
Tom speaks French with a posh accent.
Tom speaks French with an Australian accent.
Tom speaks French with an accent.
Tom speaks French with his grandparents and English with his parents.
Tom speaks French with his grandparents.
Tom speaks French with his mother and English with his father.
Tom speaks French with his mother and English with his father. If all three of them are speaking together, they speak French.
Tom speaks French with his mother.
Tom speaks French with his parents.
Tom speaks French with his teacher.
Tom speaks French worse than English.
Tom speaks French, and so does Mary.
Tom speaks French, but Mary doesn't.
Tom speaks French, but doesn't know any other languages.
Tom speaks French, doesn't he?
Tom speaks French, right?
Tom speaks French, too.
Tom speaks French.
Tom speaks Galician.
Tom speaks German perfectly.
Tom speaks German with an accent.
Tom speaks Greek very well, but he can't write a word of it.
Tom speaks Hessian.
Tom speaks Hiberno-English.
Tom speaks Irish English.
Tom speaks Italian perfectly.
Tom speaks Japanese better than Japanese do.
Tom speaks Japanese better than the Japanese do.
Tom speaks Japanese fluently.
Tom speaks Japanese very fluently.
Tom speaks Japanese with an accent.
Tom speaks Japanese.
Tom speaks Kabyle fluently.
Tom speaks Maltese.
Tom speaks Mandarin Chinese.
Tom speaks Mandarin.
Tom speaks Peggy Hill Spanish.
Tom speaks Proto-Uralic fluently.
Tom speaks Romansh.
Tom speaks Russian better than English.
Tom speaks Russian fluently.
Tom speaks Russian with his father, French with his mother, Esperanto with both, and English at school.
Tom speaks Russian.
Tom speaks Spanish, and Betty speaks Spanish, too.
Tom speaks Spanish, and so does Betty.
Tom speaks Swedish fluently.
Tom speaks Vietnamese, his wife's native language.
Tom speaks a dialect of French.
Tom speaks a few languages.
Tom speaks a little French.
Tom speaks a little through his nose.
Tom speaks a number of languages, including French.
Tom speaks a number of languages.
Tom speaks almost no French.
Tom speaks almost perfect French.
Tom speaks bad French.
Tom speaks beautiful French, without any accent.
Tom speaks better French than I do.
Tom speaks better French than Mary.
Tom speaks better French than many native speakers his age.
Tom speaks better French than me.
Tom speaks both Cantonese and Mandarin, which he learned while he was in China.
Tom speaks both English and French.
Tom speaks both French and English quite well.
Tom speaks both French and English.
Tom speaks broken French.
Tom speaks broken Spanish.
Tom speaks enough French to get by.
Tom speaks excellent French, but his English isn't very good.
Tom speaks excellent French.
Tom speaks excellent Russian, but his German is abysmal.
Tom speaks fairly quickly.
Tom speaks fast.
Tom speaks faster than I do.
Tom speaks five languages, but doesn't know how to be polite in any of them.
Tom speaks five languages, but doesn’t know how to be polite in any of them.
Tom speaks five languages, including Russian.
Tom speaks five languages, one of which is Russian.
Tom speaks flawless Cantonese.
Tom speaks flawless French.
Tom speaks flawless Hungarian.
Tom speaks flawless Japanese.
Tom speaks flawless Russian.
Tom speaks fluent French.
Tom speaks fluent German.
Tom speaks fluently.
Tom speaks from experience.
Tom speaks good French.
Tom speaks good Spanish and Filipino.
Tom speaks hardly any French.
Tom speaks highly of you.
Tom speaks his mind.
Tom speaks ill of Mary.
Tom speaks impeccable Cantonese.
Tom speaks impeccable English.
Tom speaks impeccable French.
Tom speaks impeccable German.
Tom speaks impeccable Spanish.
Tom speaks in a strange way.
Tom speaks in riddles.
Tom speaks in run-on sentences.
Tom speaks like an old man.
Tom speaks little French.
Tom speaks loudly.
Tom speaks many languages, including French.
Tom speaks many languages.
Tom speaks more carefully than Mary does.
Tom speaks more carefully than Mary.
Tom speaks more slowly than Bill.
Tom speaks more slowly than Mary does.
Tom speaks more slowly than Mary.
Tom speaks neither French nor English.
Tom speaks no French.
Tom speaks not only English, but also German.
Tom speaks not only French, but also English.
Tom speaks not only French, but also German, because he is Alsatian.
Tom speaks not only French, but also German, because he's Alsatian.
Tom speaks not only French, but also German, because he's from Alsace.
Tom speaks only French at home.
Tom speaks only French to his parents.
Tom speaks only French with his parents.
Tom speaks passable Hindi and Russian.
Tom speaks perfect English.
Tom speaks perfect French, but his native language is English.
Tom speaks perfect French, but his native language is German.
Tom speaks perfect French.
Tom speaks perfect German.
Tom speaks poor French.
Tom speaks pretty decent French.
Tom speaks pretty good French.
Tom speaks quickly.
Tom speaks quietly.
Tom speaks quite a few languages whose names I don't even know.
Tom speaks quite a few languages.
Tom speaks really good French.
Tom speaks relatively fast.
Tom speaks relatively quickly.
Tom speaks several European languages.
Tom speaks several foreign languages.
Tom speaks several languages fluently, but for his job, he only translates into his native language.
Tom speaks several languages, including French.
Tom speaks several languages.
Tom speaks slower than Bill.
Tom speaks slower than Mary does.
Tom speaks slower than Mary.
Tom speaks slowly.
Tom speaks softly.
Tom speaks some French.
Tom speaks strangely.
Tom speaks the Canadian dialect of French.
Tom speaks three languages fluently.
Tom speaks three languages, including French.
Tom speaks three languages, one of which is French.
Tom speaks three languages.
Tom speaks three languages. Can one consider him to be a polyglot?
Tom speaks to Mary in French.
Tom speaks to his children in French.
Tom speaks to his family in French and to his friends in English.
Tom speaks to his father in French and his mother in English.
Tom speaks too fast.
Tom speaks truth to power.
Tom speaks two foreign languages.
Tom speaks two languages, but he doesn't sound like a native speaker of either.
Tom speaks very fast.
Tom speaks very fluent French.
Tom speaks very good French.
Tom speaks very highly of you.
Tom speaks very quickly.
Tom speaks very quietly.
Tom speaks very slowly.
Tom speaks very well. You can barely hear that he's American.
Tom speaks with Mary every day.
Tom speaks with a Canadian accent.
Tom speaks with a Cockney accent.
Tom speaks with a French accent.
Tom speaks with a deep southern accent.
Tom speaks with a lisp.
Tom speaks with a slight French-Canadian accent.
Tom speaks with a slight accent.
Tom speaks with a southern accent.
Tom speaks with almost no accent.
Tom speaks with an accent.
Tom speaks with his mother every day.
Tom speaks without an accent.
Tom speaks without thinking.
Tom speaks.
Tom speared the shark.
Tom specializes in trolling people on the internet.
Tom specifically asked for you.
Tom sped away in his new sports car.
Tom sped away.
Tom sped down the road.
Tom sped off in his red convertible.
Tom sped off.
Tom sped up a bit.
Tom sped up and caught up with Mary.
Tom sped up so he could pass the truck in front of him.
Tom sped up.
Tom spelled "arithmetic" wrong.
Tom spelled my name wrong.
Tom spelled the word correctly.
Tom spelled the word incorrectly.
Tom spelled the word right.
Tom spelled the word wrong.
Tom spelled your name wrong.
Tom spends 30% of his income on food.
Tom spends a lot money on books.
Tom spends a lot more time studying than Mary does.
Tom spends a lot of his free time doing that.
Tom spends a lot of his free time reading about road rage incidents.
Tom spends a lot of his free time reading.
Tom spends a lot of his free time studying French.
Tom spends a lot of his time helping Mary.
Tom spends a lot of his time in meetings.
Tom spends a lot of his time reading.
Tom spends a lot of his time waiting.
Tom spends a lot of money buying things for Mary.
Tom spends a lot of money buying things he never uses.
Tom spends a lot of money buying things that he never uses.
Tom spends a lot of money on Mary.
Tom spends a lot of money on books.
Tom spends a lot of money on clothes.
Tom spends a lot of money on hats.
Tom spends a lot of money on junk food.
Tom spends a lot of money on shoes.
Tom spends a lot of money on things he doesn't need.
Tom spends a lot of money on things he never uses.
Tom spends a lot of money on wine.
Tom spends a lot of money traveling.
Tom spends a lot of money.
Tom spends a lot of time alone.
Tom spends a lot of time at Mary's.
Tom spends a lot of time at the beach.
Tom spends a lot of time at the gym.
Tom spends a lot of time at the office.
Tom spends a lot of time at work, but not a lot of time working.
Tom spends a lot of time by himself.
Tom spends a lot of time cleaning his gun.
Tom spends a lot of time daydreaming.
Tom spends a lot of time doing stuff like that.
Tom spends a lot of time doing that.
Tom spends a lot of time golfing.
Tom spends a lot of time helping Mary do her homework.
Tom spends a lot of time helping Mary.
Tom spends a lot of time helping others.
Tom spends a lot of time here.
Tom spends a lot of time in Australia.
Tom spends a lot of time in Boston.
Tom spends a lot of time in bookstores.
Tom spends a lot of time in front of a computer.
Tom spends a lot of time in front of his computer.
Tom spends a lot of time in front of the TV.
Tom spends a lot of time in his garden.
Tom spends a lot of time in his room studying.
Tom spends a lot of time in his room.
Tom spends a lot of time in the basement.
Tom spends a lot of time in the garden.
Tom spends a lot of time in the library.
Tom spends a lot of time looking at himself in mirrors.
Tom spends a lot of time looking for his car keys, mobile phone or glasses.
Tom spends a lot of time on golf courses.
Tom spends a lot of time on his computer.
Tom spends a lot of time on his phone, texting and emailing his friends.
Tom spends a lot of time on his phone.
Tom spends a lot of time on the beach.
Tom spends a lot of time on the manosphere.
Tom spends a lot of time on the phone.
Tom spends a lot of time on the road.
Tom spends a lot of time online.
Tom spends a lot of time painting.
Tom spends a lot of time playing football.
Tom spends a lot of time playing games.
Tom spends a lot of time playing golf.
Tom spends a lot of time playing soccer.
Tom spends a lot of time playing video games.
Tom spends a lot of time practicing his guitar.
Tom spends a lot of time practicing his saxophone.
Tom spends a lot of time practicing the piano.
Tom spends a lot of time practicing.
Tom spends a lot of time reading books.
Tom spends a lot of time reading comic books.
Tom spends a lot of time reading.
Tom spends a lot of time sitting in front of a computer.
Tom spends a lot of time sitting on his porch.
Tom spends a lot of time studying French.
Tom spends a lot of time studying birds.
Tom spends a lot of time studying.
Tom spends a lot of time talking with Mary.
Tom spends a lot of time waiting for Mary.
Tom spends a lot of time watching TV.
Tom spends a lot of time with Mary.
Tom spends a lot of time working out.
Tom spends a lot of time working.
Tom spends a lot of time worrying about things that could go wrong.
Tom spends a lot, but he earns more than he spends.
Tom spends a majority of his time helping Mary.
Tom spends a third of his salary on health insurance.
Tom spends a third of his salary on rent.
Tom spends about an hour a day practicing the piano.
Tom spends about an hour a day studying French.
Tom spends about an hour a day swimming.
Tom spends about three hundred dollars a week.
Tom spends all day in front of his computer.
Tom spends all day in his workshop, making things he can sell.
Tom spends all day sitting in front of his computer.
Tom spends all day sitting in his room doing nothing.
Tom spends all day speaking French at school and only speaks English at home.
Tom spends all day watching TV.
Tom spends all his free time at home with his family.
Tom spends all his free time playing video games.
Tom spends all his free time studying French.
Tom spends all his free time watching TV.
Tom spends all his free time with Mary.
Tom spends all his time on the computer.
Tom spends all his time studying.
Tom spends all his time thinking about Mary.
Tom spends all his time thinking about sports.
Tom spends all his time trolling Reddit.
Tom spends all of his time painting.
Tom spends an average of 8 hours per day playing video games.
Tom spends an average of eight hours a day playing video games.
Tom spends at least 3 hours a day on TikTok.
Tom spends at least fifteen hours a day on the computer.
Tom spends at least three hours a day in the saddle.
Tom spends at least three hours a day on his horse.
Tom spends at least three hours a day riding his horse.
Tom spends at least three hours a day riding horses.
Tom spends every summer with his grandmother in Boston.
Tom spends every weekend at his uncle's.
Tom spends every weekend in Boston.
Tom spends five minutes a day with everyone.
Tom spends his days watching nuclear test footage and stocking up on food and supplies.
Tom spends his free time making whistles.
Tom spends his free time playing the guitar.
Tom spends his money as he wins.
Tom spends his mornings in the garden.
Tom spends his summers trekking in the Rockies.
Tom spends his time gardening and writing.
Tom spends his time tinkering.
Tom spends his working day listening to peoples' problems and providing advice on how best they can deal with them.
Tom spends hours in his room drawing pictures.
Tom spends hours in the library studying.
Tom spends less than three dollars a day for food.
Tom spends less time studying French than I do.
Tom spends less time studying French than Mary does.
Tom spends lots of money on clothes.
Tom spends lots of money traveling.
Tom spends money as soon as he gets it.
Tom spends money like there's no tomorrow.
Tom spends more than he earns.
Tom spends more time at school than I do.
Tom spends more time at work than me.
Tom spends more time studying than I do.
Tom spends more time thinking about work than doing it.
Tom spends more time thinking about your voice than his own words.
Tom spends more time with Mary than he does with John.
Tom spends most of his free time doing that.
Tom spends most of his free time playing the banjo.
Tom spends most of his free time playing the guitar.
Tom spends most of his free time reading books.
Tom spends most of his free time reading comics.
Tom spends most of his free time reading.
Tom spends most of his free time studying French.
Tom spends most of his free time watching TV.
Tom spends most of his free time with Mary.
Tom spends most of his free time with his family.
Tom spends most of his money on food.
Tom spends most of his salary on food.
Tom spends most of his spare time practicing the guitar.
Tom spends most of his spare time practising the guitar.
Tom spends most of his time abroad.
Tom spends most of his time alone.
Tom spends most of his time at home.
Tom spends most of his time by himself.
Tom spends most of his time helping Mary.
Tom spends most of his time helping his father.
Tom spends most of his time in his room.
Tom spends most of his time in the library.
Tom spends most of his time on the porch.
Tom spends most of his time on the road.
Tom spends most of his time practicing his saxophone.
Tom spends most of his time reading books.
Tom spends most of his time reading.
Tom spends most of his time sitting on the porch.
Tom spends most of his time studying French.
Tom spends most of his time surfing.
Tom spends most of his time trying to help other people.
Tom spends most of his time working.
Tom spends most of the day sitting on the porch.
Tom spends much more time with Mary than John does.
Tom spends much more time with Mary than he does with John.
Tom spends much of his time on the internet.
Tom spends the bulk of his salary buying beautiful Japanese doll figurines.
Tom spends three hours a day at the gym.
Tom spends three weeks every year in Australia.
Tom spends time with his grandmother every Monday evening.
Tom spends time with his grandparents every Monday.
Tom spends too much money on books.
Tom spends too much money on clothes.
Tom spends too much money.
Tom spends too much time at home.
Tom spends too much time at home. He should get out more.
Tom spends too much time at work.
Tom spends too much time daydreaming.
Tom spends too much time doing that.
Tom spends too much time in front of a computer.
Tom spends too much time in front of the TV.
Tom spends too much time on his computer.
Tom spends too much time on the computer.
Tom spends too much time online.
Tom spends too much time planning.
Tom spends too much time playing games.
Tom spends too much time playing video games.
Tom spends too much time watching TV.
Tom spends too much time working.
Tom spends very little time with his family.
Tom spends way too much time at the gym.
Tom spends way too much time goofing off.
Tom spends way too much time playing games.
Tom spends way too much time thinking about Mary.
Tom spent 30 days under house arrest.
Tom spent 30 years in prison.
Tom spent 30 years trying to prove the Beal conjecture.
Tom spent Christmas Day with Mary.
Tom spent Christmas all by himself.
Tom spent Christmas behind bars.
Tom spent Christmas in Australia with Mary.
Tom spent Christmas in Australia with me.
Tom spent Christmas in Boston with Mary.
Tom spent Christmas in Boston with his family.
Tom spent Christmas in jail.
Tom spent Christmas on his own.
Tom spent Christmas with his family.
Tom spent New Year's Eve at Times Square.
Tom spent New Year's Eve with his family.
Tom spent a decade as an apprentice.
Tom spent a few days in Australia last month.
Tom spent a few days in Boston last month.
Tom spent a few months in Australia.
Tom spent a few months in Boston.
Tom spent a few years behind bars.
Tom spent a few years in Australia when he was in college.
Tom spent a few years in Australia.
Tom spent a few years in Boston when he was in college.
Tom spent a few years in Boston.
Tom spent a few years in prison.
Tom spent a few years on a small island.
Tom spent a half an hour looking for his car in the carpark, then he remembered he had caught the bus to work.
Tom spent a half hour looking for Mary's ring in the bushes before finally giving up.
Tom spent a long time at Mary's.
Tom spent a lot of money fixing his tractor.
Tom spent a lot of money last weekend.
Tom spent a lot of money on decorating.
Tom spent a lot of money on his sports car.
Tom spent a lot of money on that house.
Tom spent a lot of money remodeling his house.
Tom spent a lot of money when he was in Australia.
Tom spent a lot of money.
Tom spent a lot of time at the beach over the summer break.
Tom spent a lot of time at the beach.
Tom spent a lot of time checking his homework.
Tom spent a lot of time doing that yesterday.
Tom spent a lot of time doing that.
Tom spent a lot of time helping Mary.
Tom spent a lot of time in Australia in 2013.
Tom spent a lot of time in Australia.
Tom spent a lot of time in Boston in 2013.
Tom spent a lot of time in Boston.
Tom spent a lot of time in the library on Monday.
Tom spent a lot of time in the library.
Tom spent a lot of time learning to do that.
Tom spent a lot of time playing games when he was a child.
Tom spent a lot of time playing games when he was a kid.
Tom spent a lot of time playing games.
Tom spent a lot of time practicing the piano this afternoon.
Tom spent a lot of time reading books when he was in the hospital.
Tom spent a lot of time reading books.
Tom spent a lot of time studying French last week.
Tom spent a lot of time studying French.
Tom spent a lot of time studying last summer.
Tom spent a lot of time studying.
Tom spent a lot of time swimming yesterday.
Tom spent a lot of time talking to Mary at the party.
Tom spent a lot of time talking with Mary yesterday afternoon.
Tom spent a lot of time talking with Mary.
Tom spent a lot of time trying to learn how to do that.
Tom spent a lot of time trying to learn how to play the French horn.
Tom spent a lot of time upstairs.
Tom spent a lot of time watching TV last weekend.
Tom spent a lot of time watching TV.
Tom spent a lot of time with Mary last summer.
Tom spent a lot of time with Mary.
Tom spent a lot of time writing this report.
Tom spent a night in the emergency room.
Tom spent a sleepless night in jail.
Tom spent a sleepless night thinking of Mary.
Tom spent a very enjoyable hour watching his grandson playing on the equipment at the shopping mall playground.
Tom spent a week in Australia last winter.
Tom spent a week in Bali with his girlfriend.
Tom spent a week in Boston.
Tom spent a week with Mary in Boston.
Tom spent a weekend in Boston last summer.
Tom spent a year in Australia.
Tom spent a year in Boston.
Tom spent a year in Germany.
Tom spent a year with Mary.
Tom spent about a week in Boston.
Tom spent about three years living with an Amazonian tribe.
Tom spent all afternoon at the airport watching the airplanes land and take off.
Tom spent all afternoon at the park.
Tom spent all afternoon cleaning his room.
Tom spent all afternoon cooking.
Tom spent all afternoon doing that.
Tom spent all afternoon getting ready for Mary's birthday party.
Tom spent all afternoon helping Mary.
Tom spent all afternoon in the garage.
Tom spent all afternoon in the kitchen, cooking.
Tom spent all afternoon on the porch, reading a book.
Tom spent all afternoon playing with his children.
Tom spent all afternoon scrubbing the walls.
Tom spent all afternoon shopping.
Tom spent all afternoon splitting firewood.
Tom spent all afternoon studying.
Tom spent all afternoon talking to John's girlfriend.
Tom spent all afternoon watching music videos.
Tom spent all afternoon weeding his garden.
Tom spent all afternoon weeding the garden.
Tom spent all afternoon wrapping Christmas presents.
Tom spent all afternoon writing postcards.
Tom spent all day Monday with Mary.
Tom spent all day alone in his room.
Tom spent all day baling the hay.
Tom spent all day cleaning out the garage.
Tom spent all day cleaning the house.
Tom spent all day designing a website for a new client.
Tom spent all day doing that.
Tom spent all day drinking in his room.
Tom spent all day fixing computers.
Tom spent all day goofing off.
Tom spent all day in his bedroom.
Tom spent all day in his room.
Tom spent all day in the library, studying.
Tom spent all day in the library.
Tom spent all day in the woods.
Tom spent all day listening to music.
Tom spent all day looking around antique shops.
Tom spent all day looking for a job.
Tom spent all day on it.
Tom spent all day on the beach.
Tom spent all day playing games.
Tom spent all day reading comic books.
Tom spent all day studying.
Tom spent all day taking pictures.
Tom spent all day trying to find water.
Tom spent all day trying to fix the leak in the roof.
Tom spent all day walking around the city.
Tom spent all day watching TV.
Tom spent all day writing.
Tom spent all day yesterday goofing off.
Tom spent all day yesterday studying for today's French test.
Tom spent all evening on the phone.
Tom spent all evening trying to memorize a poem.
Tom spent all his life in Australia.
Tom spent all his life in Boston.
Tom spent all his money on a car just to impress girls.
Tom spent all his money to buy Mary a birthday present.
Tom spent all his money.
Tom spent all his points into the Strength attribute.
Tom spent all his savings on a new car.
Tom spent all his time working.
Tom spent all morning cleaning his room.
Tom spent all morning cleaning the garage.
Tom spent all morning faffing about on social media instead of working.
Tom spent all morning in the interrogation room.
Tom spent all morning looking for Mary.
Tom spent all morning looking for his passport.
Tom spent all morning reading a book in the library.
Tom spent all morning stacking firewood.
Tom spent all night at the bar.
Tom spent all night in a jail cell.
Tom spent all night in the pokey.
Tom spent all night proofreading his thesis.
Tom spent all night watching TV.
Tom spent all night worrying about what might happen.
Tom spent all of his Christmases at home with his family.
Tom spent all of his money at the arcades.
Tom spent all of shore leave carousing with friends.
Tom spent all summer with his grandparents.
Tom spent all the money I gave him.
Tom spent all the money he had to buy Mary a Christmas present.
Tom spent all the money he had to buy Mary a birthday present.
Tom spent all the money he had to buy a birthday present for Mary.
Tom spent all the money that I gave him.
Tom spent all weekend doing an assignment that was due by Monday.
Tom spent all weekend reading a historical novel.
Tom spent all yesterday at home.
Tom spent almost three years in prison.
Tom spent an entire week making this song.
Tom spent an hour creating his character in the game.
Tom spent an hour getting ready for his date with Mary.
Tom spent an hour shoveling the driveway.
Tom spent days in the archives and wrote articles at night.
Tom spent fifteen minutes trying to prise open the drawer with a crowbar, but he couldn't get it open.
Tom spent fifteen minutes trying to pry open the drawer with a crowbar, but he couldn't get it opened.
Tom spent half his life in prison.
Tom spent half of his life in prison.
Tom spent his birthday in jail.
Tom spent his birthday in solitary confinement.
Tom spent his birthday in the hospital.
Tom spent his childhood in Australia.
Tom spent his childhood in Boston.
Tom spent his childhood in the United States.
Tom spent his days dreaming about time machines.
Tom spent his entire adult life behind bars.
Tom spent his entire life helping people.
Tom spent his holiday with his family.
Tom spent his holiday with us.
Tom spent his money well.
Tom spent his summer on the beach.
Tom spent his summer vacation at his grandmother's.
Tom spent his summer vacation in Australia.
Tom spent his summer vacation in Boston.
Tom spent his summer vacation studying French.
Tom spent his summer vacation with Mary.
Tom spent his teenage years in Australia.
Tom spent his teenage years in Boston.
Tom spent his thirtieth birthday in Boston.
Tom spent his thirtieth birthday in a coma.
Tom spent his thirtieth birthday in jail.
Tom spent his thirtieth birthday in the hospital.
Tom spent his thirtieth birthday with Mary.
Tom spent his vacation with his family.
Tom spent his whole life in Australia.
Tom spent his whole life in Boston.
Tom spent hours in the museum.
Tom spent hours looking at the fish in the tank.
Tom spent hours playing games on his phone.
Tom spent hours swimming in the warm ocean water.
Tom spent hours trying to figure out what was going on.
Tom spent hours trying to fix the radio.
Tom spent hours trying to nut out the reasons for the discrepancies in his company's books.
Tom spent hours trying to repair the radio.
Tom spent last Monday night in jail.
Tom spent last night in the emergency room.
Tom spent last weekend in Boston.
Tom spent long hours in the woods.
Tom spent longer than usual studying French that night.
Tom spent many hours using the language website, tatoeba.org, to improve his English.
Tom spent many years in prison.
Tom spent months preparing for the exam.
Tom spent more money on that painting than he should've.
Tom spent more money on that than he should've.
Tom spent more money than he should've on an engagement ring for Mary.
Tom spent more money than usual.
Tom spent more than $300 on that suit.
Tom spent more than he can really afford on that car.
Tom spent more than he had planned.
Tom spent more than he'd planned to.
Tom spent more than he'd planned.
Tom spent more than thirty minutes there.
Tom spent more than three hours looking for his keys, but he still didn't find them.
Tom spent more than three hours looking for his keys, but he still hasn't found them.
Tom spent more than three years in jail.
Tom spent more than three years in prison.
Tom spent most days begging for money in front of tourist attractions.
Tom spent most his life behind bars.
Tom spent most of his free time reading books.
Tom spent most of his life in Australia.
Tom spent most of his life in Boston.
Tom spent most of his life in prison.
Tom spent most of his life in the United States.
Tom spent most of his time reading books.
Tom spent most of last year in Australia.
Tom spent most of last year in Boston.
Tom spent most of the day doing that.
Tom spent most of the day studying French.
Tom spent most of the day trying to help Mary.
Tom spent most of the morning straightening up his office.
Tom spent most of the morning waiting in line.
Tom spent most time with the children.
Tom spent much of his time reading.
Tom spent much of the year working as a staffer on Mary's Senate campaign.
Tom spent nearly a decade in Australia.
Tom spent nearly a decade in Boston.
Tom spent nearly a week in Australia.
Tom spent nearly a week in Boston.
Tom spent no more money than was necessary.
Tom spent over $30,000 fixing up his house.
Tom spent over three hours looking for his keys, but still couldn't find them.
Tom spent over three hundred dollars on art supplies.
Tom spent over three years in jail.
Tom spent over three years in prison.
Tom spent part of the afternoon weeding the garden.
Tom spent quite a lot of money for his house.
Tom spent several hours in the library.
Tom spent several hours organizing his desk.
Tom spent several hours reading a book while waiting for his flight.
Tom spent several hours shoveling snow off the roof.
Tom spent several hours talking with Mary.
Tom spent several months in Australia.
Tom spent several months in Boston.
Tom spent several weeks in Australia.
Tom spent several weeks in Boston.
Tom spent some time behind enemy lines.
Tom spent some time doing that.
Tom spent some time in Australia.
Tom spent some time in Boston.
Tom spent some time in jail when he was in his thirties.
Tom spent some time looking at the pictures Mary had sent him.
Tom spent some time looking at the pictures that Mary had sent him.
Tom spent some time with Mary.
Tom spent ten days in a coma after the accident.
Tom spent the afternoon cleaning his place.
Tom spent the afternoon cleaning his room.
Tom spent the afternoon handing out leaflets.
Tom spent the afternoon harvesting potatoes.
Tom spent the afternoon lazing on the beach.
Tom spent the afternoon messing around in his garage.
Tom spent the afternoon reading a book.
Tom spent the afternoon reading a survival handbook.
Tom spent the afternoon visiting Mary in the hospital.
Tom spent the afternoon with Mary.
Tom spent the afternoon with friends on the beach.
Tom spent the afternoon with his father.
Tom spent the afternoon with his friends.
Tom spent the better part of the day writing an article for a local magazine.
Tom spent the day deep-sea fishing with locals.
Tom spent the day drawing.
Tom spent the day hanging out with some of his friends.
Tom spent the day in his room.
Tom spent the day in the park.
Tom spent the day lazing on the beach.
Tom spent the day lounging by the infinity pool.
Tom spent the day shopping for the trip.
Tom spent the day studying.
Tom spent the day with Mary.
Tom spent the day with his children.
Tom spent the day with his daughter.
Tom spent the day with his parents.
Tom spent the day with his three sons.
Tom spent the day working.
Tom spent the day writing.
Tom spent the entire afternoon with Mary.
Tom spent the entire day cleaning out the garage.
Tom spent the entire day cleaning the house.
Tom spent the entire day doing that.
Tom spent the entire day in his bedroom.
Tom spent the entire day online.
Tom spent the entire day studying.
Tom spent the evening reading a book.
Tom spent the evening reading.
Tom spent the evening watching a basketball game on TV with his children.
Tom spent the first half of the day chopping wood.
Tom spent the first three years of his life in Boston.
Tom spent the last three years of his life here.
Tom spent the last three years of his life in Boston.
Tom spent the last years of his life in Australia.
Tom spent the last years of his life in Boston.
Tom spent the last years of his life writing his autobiography.
Tom spent the money Mary gave him on something to eat.
Tom spent the money his father gave him on beer.
Tom spent the money his grandmother had given him on books.
Tom spent the money that his grandmother had given him on books.
Tom spent the morning cleaning his house.
Tom spent the morning doing errands.
Tom spent the morning on the porch, reading the newspaper.
Tom spent the morning painting the ceiling.
Tom spent the morning reading the newspaper.
Tom spent the morning weeding his garden.
Tom spent the next three years in Australia.
Tom spent the next three years in Boston.
Tom spent the night alone in the haunted house.
Tom spent the night alone in the woods.
Tom spent the night alone.
Tom spent the night at a friend's house.
Tom spent the night at a hotel on Park Street.
Tom spent the night at his grandparents'.
Tom spent the night at my house.
Tom spent the night at our place.
Tom spent the night half-awake.
Tom spent the night in a cave.
Tom spent the night in a hotel.
Tom spent the night in an old hunting shack.
Tom spent the night in his van.
Tom spent the night in jail.
Tom spent the night in the attic alone.
Tom spent the night in the barn.
Tom spent the night in the basement, sleeping on the floor.
Tom spent the night in the haunted house by himself.
Tom spent the night in the lifeboat and was rescued in the morning.
Tom spent the night in the lifeboat and was rescued the next morning.
Tom spent the night in the small cabin near the lake.
Tom spent the night in the woods.
Tom spent the night on a park bench.
Tom spent the night on our sofa.
Tom spent the night on the beach.
Tom spent the night on the couch.
Tom spent the past three years in prison.
Tom spent the past year writing a book.
Tom spent the remainder of the night thinking about Mary.
Tom spent the rest of his life in Australia.
Tom spent the rest of his life in Boston.
Tom spent the rest of his life in prison.
Tom spent the rest of the afternoon reading a book.
Tom spent the rest of the week in Boston.
Tom spent the sumer in Boston.
Tom spent the summer at his grandmother's.
Tom spent the summer in Australia.
Tom spent the summer in Boston.
Tom spent the summer vacation with his grandparents.
Tom spent the summer with his grandparents.
Tom spent the weekend at his beach house.
Tom spent the weekend at our place.
Tom spent the weekend by himself.
Tom spent the weekend in Boston with Mary.
Tom spent the weekend with his father.
Tom spent the whole afternoon feeding pigeons.
Tom spent the whole afternoon playing tennis.
Tom spent the whole afternoon studying.
Tom spent the whole afternoon with Mary.
Tom spent the whole day at the mall.
Tom spent the whole day cleaning out the garage.
Tom spent the whole day doing that.
Tom spent the whole day eating and drinking with his friends.
Tom spent the whole day gardening.
Tom spent the whole day hiking.
Tom spent the whole day in bed watching telly.
Tom spent the whole day in his bedroom.
Tom spent the whole day in his room crying.
Tom spent the whole day in the library.
Tom spent the whole day listening to music.
Tom spent the whole day playing guitar.
Tom spent the whole day reading in bed.
Tom spent the whole day studying.
Tom spent the whole day sulking.
Tom spent the whole day swimming.
Tom spent the whole day thinking of Mary.
Tom spent the whole day walking.
Tom spent the whole day watching TV.
Tom spent the whole day with Mary.
Tom spent the whole day working on his French pronunciation.
Tom spent the whole evening searching the Web for photos of famous people.
Tom spent the whole evening staring at the girl at the end of the bar.
Tom spent the whole meal talking to Mary.
Tom spent the whole morning getting ready for his presentation.
Tom spent the whole morning looking for his keys.
Tom spent the whole morning with Mary.
Tom spent the whole night in a cell.
Tom spent the whole night looking for Mary.
Tom spent the whole night thinking about Mary.
Tom spent the whole night worrying about Mary.
Tom spent the whole night worrying about what might happen.
Tom spent the whole summer in Boston.
Tom spent the whole summer with his grandmother in Boston.
Tom spent the whole time complaining.
Tom spent the whole time talking about Mary.
Tom spent the whole time worrying about what Mary might think.
Tom spent the whole weekend cleaning his garage.
Tom spent the whole weekend partying.
Tom spent the whole weekend studying.
Tom spent the whole weekend working in his garden.
Tom spent the winter in Boston.
Tom spent thirteen years on death row.
Tom spent thirty days in jail.
Tom spent thirty minutes in the shower.
Tom spent thirty minutes on the phone.
Tom spent thirty minutes trying to convince Mary to do that.
Tom spent thirty years in prison.
Tom spent three days alone in a lifeboat.
Tom spent three days here.
Tom spent three days in Australia.
Tom spent three days in Boston.
Tom spent three days in hospital.
Tom spent three days in jail.
Tom spent three days in the hospital.
Tom spent three decades in prison for a crime he didn't commit.
Tom spent three hours at the mall.
Tom spent three hours with Mary yesterday.
Tom spent three hundred dollars for that.
Tom spent three hundred dollars on clothes last month.
Tom spent three months in Australia last year.
Tom spent three months in Australia.
Tom spent three months in Boston last year.
Tom spent three months in Boston.
Tom spent three months in jail.
Tom spent three months in the hospital.
Tom spent three nights with us.
Tom spent three times as much as I did.
Tom spent three weeks here.
Tom spent three weeks in Australia last month.
Tom spent three weeks in Australia.
Tom spent three weeks in Boston with Mary.
Tom spent three weeks in Boston.
Tom spent three weeks in bed.
Tom spent three weeks in the hospital.
Tom spent three years behind bars.
Tom spent three years in Australia working as a carpenter.
Tom spent three years in Australia.
Tom spent three years in Boston.
Tom spent three years in a prison camp.
Tom spent three years in jail.
Tom spent three years in prison for a crime he didn't commit.
Tom spent three years in prison for what he did.
Tom spent three years in prison.
Tom spent three years in the Boston working as an undercover policeman.
Tom spent three years working as a farmer in Australia.
Tom spent three years writing this novel.
Tom spent time in Australia.
Tom spent time in Boston.
Tom spent time in a sanatorium.
Tom spent time with Mary.
Tom spent too much money for that.
Tom spent too much money today.
Tom spent too much money.
Tom spent twice as much as I did.
Tom spent twice as much as me.
Tom spent two years in juvenile detention.
Tom spent two years in prison.
Tom spent weeks in intensive care.
Tom spent weeks preparing for his trip.
Tom spent weeks preparing for the exam.
Tom spent weeks preparing.
Tom spent years as a studio musician before he became famous.
Tom spent years living on the streets of Boston.
Tom spent years traveling the globe looking for new species of birds.
Tom spent years working as an itinerant actor.
Tom spied on his roommate.
Tom spiked Mary's drink.
Tom spiked the punch.
Tom spilled a cup of coffee all over his keyboard.
Tom spilled a glass of milk on his laptop.
Tom spilled a little wine on his shirt.
Tom spilled coffee all over Mary's dress.
Tom spilled coffee all over my shirt.
Tom spilled coffee on himself.
Tom spilled coffee on his freshly laundered shirt.
Tom spilled coffee on his shirt sleeve.
Tom spilled coffee on his shirt.
Tom spilled coffee on the table.
Tom spilled his beer.
Tom spilled his coffee on himself.
Tom spilled his coffee.
Tom spilled his drink on Mary's dress.
Tom spilled his drink on Mary.
Tom spilled his drink on himself.
Tom spilled his drink, so I bought him another one.
Tom spilled his drink.
Tom spilled his soup.
Tom spilled his tea.
Tom spilled his wine on Mary's white dress.
Tom spilled ink on the desk.
Tom spilled red wine all over Mary's white dress.
Tom spilled some coffee on his homework by accident.
Tom spilled some coffee on the tablecloth.
Tom spilled some gas.
Tom spilled some gasoline on the driveway.
Tom spilled some juice on the couch.
Tom spilled some red wine on Mary's white dress.
Tom spilled some red wine on his white shirt.
Tom spilled some tea on the table.
Tom spilled some tea.
Tom spilled some wine on his shirt.
Tom spilled soup on his shirt.
Tom spilled spaghetti sauce on his new shirt.
Tom spilled the beans to Mary.
Tom spilled the beans.
Tom spilled the can of blue paint on the white carpet.
Tom spilled the milk.
Tom spilled wine on his shirt.
Tom spilt his coffee.
Tom spilt his drink.
Tom spilt his soup.
Tom spit on me.
Tom spit on my coat.
Tom spit on the floor.
Tom spit out his gum.
Tom spit out the poison.
Tom spit.
Tom splashed Mary and she splashed him back.
Tom splashed Mary, and then Mary splashed him back.
Tom splashed Mary.
Tom splashed cold water on his face.
Tom splashed cold water on my face to wake me up.
Tom splashed himself with cold water.
Tom splashed his face with water.
Tom splashed some water on his face.
Tom splashed water in Mary's direction.
Tom splashed water on his face.
Tom split a pizza with Mary.
Tom split the bill with Mary.
Tom split up with Mary.
Tom split up with his wife.
Tom splits his time between Boston and Chicago.
Tom spoiled Christmas for me by what he had told me.
Tom spoiled Mary.
Tom spoiled all my plans.
Tom spoiled his children.
Tom spoiled his son.
Tom spoiled my evening.
Tom spoiled the movie for Mary by telling her how it ends.
Tom spoils Mary.
Tom spoils his children.
Tom spoilt the film for Mary by revealing its surprise ending.
Tom spoke French and Italian.
Tom spoke French better than I expected.
Tom spoke French fluently.
Tom spoke French quite fluently.
Tom spoke French to me.
Tom spoke French to the crowd.
Tom spoke French well.
Tom spoke French with me.
Tom spoke French.
Tom spoke Russian without the slightest accent.
Tom spoke about Mary as if she wasn't there.
Tom spoke about it.
Tom spoke about that.
Tom spoke about the incident.
Tom spoke about the issue.
Tom spoke about the problem with Mary.
Tom spoke about you.
Tom spoke again.
Tom spoke almost perfect French.
Tom spoke back to Mary.
Tom spoke both French and English.
Tom spoke calmly, eloquently and confidently.
Tom spoke calmly.
Tom spoke confidently.
Tom spoke deliberately.
Tom spoke directly to Mary.
Tom spoke eloquently.
Tom spoke excellent French, but did not understand a word of English.
Tom spoke faster than usual.
Tom spoke first.
Tom spoke fluent French.
Tom spoke for a very long time.
Tom spoke for almost an hour.
Tom spoke for almost three hours.
Tom spoke for less than three minutes.
Tom spoke for more than three hours.
Tom spoke for one hour.
Tom spoke for three minutes.
Tom spoke gently.
Tom spoke highly of Mary.
Tom spoke highly of you.
Tom spoke his mind.
Tom spoke impolitely.
Tom spoke in Esperanto.
Tom spoke in French at the meeting.
Tom spoke in French.
Tom spoke in a firm voice.
Tom spoke in a loud whisper.
Tom spoke in a low voice.
Tom spoke in a very low voice.
Tom spoke in an angry tone.
Tom spoke in broken French.
Tom spoke in riddles.
Tom spoke into the microphone.
Tom spoke last.
Tom spoke little French.
Tom spoke loud enough for everyone to hear.
Tom spoke loud enough to be heard in the other room.
Tom spoke louder than usual.
Tom spoke loudly enough for everybody to hear.
Tom spoke loudly enough for everyone to hear.
Tom spoke loudly.
Tom spoke no French the first time I met him.
Tom spoke nonstop for three hours.
Tom spoke only French.
Tom spoke only when necessary.
Tom spoke out of turn.
Tom spoke perfect French.
Tom spoke prematurely.
Tom spoke pretty good French.
Tom spoke quickly.
Tom spoke quietly into the microphone.
Tom spoke quietly so he wouldn't wake the baby.
Tom spoke quietly to the men around him.
Tom spoke quietly to the men surrounding him.
Tom spoke quietly with Mary.
Tom spoke quietly.
Tom spoke rapidly.
Tom spoke slowly.
Tom spoke so quickly that I couldn't understand what he was saying.
Tom spoke softly to Mary in French.
Tom spoke softly.
Tom spoke stutteringly, thinking about every word he was going to say.
Tom spoke the truth.
Tom spoke through an interpreter.
Tom spoke to Mary about the matter.
Tom spoke to Mary about what happened here this morning.
Tom spoke to Mary again.
Tom spoke to Mary for the first time yesterday.
Tom spoke to Mary from beyond.
Tom spoke to Mary in French, but she answered in English.
Tom spoke to Mary in French, but she didn't understand him.
Tom spoke to Mary in French.
Tom spoke to Mary in a whisper.
Tom spoke to Mary in private about the matter.
Tom spoke to Mary last night.
Tom spoke to Mary on Monday.
Tom spoke to Mary on the phone.
Tom spoke to Mary quietly.
Tom spoke to Mary this morning.
Tom spoke to Mary yesterday.
Tom spoke to Mary.
Tom spoke to a career advisor.
Tom spoke to a careers adviser.
Tom spoke to his uncle on the phone.
Tom spoke to me about Mary.
Tom spoke to me about his plans.
Tom spoke to me about that yesterday.
Tom spoke to me about you.
Tom spoke to me for a while yesterday.
Tom spoke to me in Boston.
Tom spoke to me in French.
Tom spoke to me in fluent French.
Tom spoke to me last night, too.
Tom spoke to me last night.
Tom spoke to me this morning.
Tom spoke to me.
Tom spoke to our people yesterday.
Tom spoke to the crowd.
Tom spoke to the doctors in French.
Tom spoke to the mayor.
Tom spoke to the pastor for three hours.
Tom spoke to the pastor for two hours.
Tom spoke to the person sitting next to him on the train.
Tom spoke to the police officer through the screen door.
Tom spoke to them in Finnish.
Tom spoke to you in French, didn't he?
Tom spoke too fast for me to understand.
Tom spoke too fast.
Tom spoke up first.
Tom spoke up for Mary.
Tom spoke up.
Tom spoke urgently.
Tom spoke very eloquently at Mary's funeral.
Tom spoke very highly of you.
Tom spoke very loudly.
Tom spoke very quickly.
Tom spoke very quietly, but loud enough to be heard.
Tom spoke very quietly.
Tom spoke very softly.
Tom spoke very well.
Tom spoke wisely.
Tom spoke with Mary in French.
Tom spoke with Mary last night.
Tom spoke with Mary on the phone this morning.
Tom spoke with Mary on the phone.
Tom spoke with a soft voice.
Tom spoke with confidence.
Tom spoke with each of us individually.
Tom spoke with his mouth full.
Tom spoke with his supervisor.
Tom spoke with his usual rasp, but something was off.
Tom spoke with me about you.
Tom spoke with tears in his eyes.
Tom spoke with tears in his voice.
Tom spoke with the company president.
Tom spoke with you in French, didn't he?
Tom spoke without thinking.
Tom spoke.
Tom spontaneously combusted.
Tom sported a five o'clock shadow.
Tom spotted Mary from across the room.
Tom spotted Mary.
Tom spotted a pattern in the data.
Tom spotted a ship in the distance.
Tom spotted a squirrel.
Tom sprained his ankle and was unable to get home by himself.
Tom sprained his ankle on Monday.
Tom sprained his ankle on October 20th.
Tom sprained his ankle two days before the trip.
Tom sprained his ankle while hiking.
Tom sprained his ankle yesterday.
Tom sprained his ankle, but he's going to be OK.
Tom sprained his ankle.
Tom sprained his left ankle when he fell.
Tom sprained his wrist on Monday.
Tom sprained his wrist on October 20th.
Tom sprained his wrist.
Tom sprang at me in a rage.
Tom sprang into action.
Tom sprang out of bed, threw on some clothes, ate breakfast and was out of the door within ten minutes.
Tom sprang out of bed.
Tom sprang to his feet.
Tom spray painted his bicycle red.
Tom spray-painted his name on the wall.
Tom sprayed the plants.
Tom sprays the plants with the spray.
Tom spread falsehoods about Mary.
Tom spread honey on the bread.
Tom spread out the map on the table.
Tom spread out.
Tom spread some strawberry jam on a slice of bread.
Tom spread some strawberry jam on his toast.
Tom spread the bread with honey.
Tom spread the towel out on the ground.
Tom spread the towel out on the sand.
Tom spreads lemon curd on his toast.
Tom sprinkled ashes on the icy sidewalk.
Tom sprinkled salt on the meat.
Tom sprinkled some sugar on the toast.
Tom sprinkled water on the vegetables with the garden hose.
Tom sprinted across campus.
Tom sprinted across the airport.
Tom sprinted home.
Tom sprinted to the door.
Tom sprinted up the stairs.
Tom sprung awake.
Tom sprung to Mary's defense.
Tom spun around on his stool.
Tom spun around.
Tom spun round and round until the world spun around him.
Tom spun the wheel.
Tom spurred his horse forward.
Tom squandered all of the assets that his father had left him and ended up on the street.
Tom squandered all the money he inherited from his father.
Tom squandered his entire inheritance.
Tom squandered his inheritance on alcohol, women and fast cars.
Tom squandered his money.
Tom squashed the banana.
Tom squashed the bug.
Tom squats in abandoned buildings.
Tom squats in an abandoned library.
Tom squatted down next to his dog.
Tom squatted down to put something on the lower shelf.
Tom squatted down under the tree.
Tom squatted down.
Tom squatted.
Tom squealed with laughter.
Tom squeezed Mary tightly.
Tom squeezed Mary's arm gently.
Tom squeezed Mary's hand reassuringly.
Tom squeezed Mary's hand.
Tom squeezed Mary's shoulder.
Tom squeezed himself through the narrow door.
Tom squeezed his eyes shut.
Tom squeezed my hand very hard.
Tom squeezed oranges.
Tom squeezed the juice from the orange.
Tom squeezed the lemon.
Tom squeezed the oranges.
Tom squeezed the rubber duck to catch his dog's attention.
Tom squeezed the sponge.
Tom squeezed the trigger, but the gun didn't fire.
Tom squeezed the trigger.
Tom squeezed this orange juice himself.
Tom squeezed through the gap in the wall.
Tom squeezed through the hole in the wall.
Tom squinted at Mary.
Tom squinted in the bright sunlight.
Tom squinted suspiciously.
Tom squinted.
Tom squints his eyes when trying to read small print.
Tom squirmed in his chair a little bit.
Tom squirmed in his seat.
Tom squirmed like a worm.
Tom squirmed uncomfortably.
Tom squished the cockroach with his foot.
Tom stabbed Mary in the back.
Tom stabbed Mary in the neck with his ballpoint pen.
Tom stabbed Mary in the stomach.
Tom stabbed Mary more than thirty times.
Tom stabbed Mary multiple times.
Tom stabbed Mary repeatedly with his knife.
Tom stabbed Mary repeatedly.
Tom stabbed Mary thirteen times.
Tom stabbed Mary three times.
Tom stabbed Mary while she was sleeping.
Tom stabbed Mary with a dagger.
Tom stabbed Mary with a hunting knife.
Tom stabbed Mary with a kitchen knife.
Tom stabbed Mary with a knife.
Tom stabbed Mary with a spear.
Tom stabbed Mary with his knife.
Tom stabbed Mary with scissors.
Tom stabbed Mary.
Tom stabbed her.
Tom stabbed him.
Tom stabbed himself.
Tom stabbed his wife to death.
Tom stabbed his wife.
Tom stabbed me in the back.
Tom stabbed me.
Tom stacked the boxes up against the wall.
Tom stacked the dishes in the cupboard.
Tom stacked the firewood behind the house.
Tom stacked the firewood inside the woodshed.
Tom stacked the wire containers on each other.
Tom staged his own death.
Tom staggered across the finish line exhausted.
Tom staggered and fell.
Tom staggered away.
Tom staggered back.
Tom staggered downstairs.
Tom staggered home from the bar.
Tom staggered home.
Tom staggered in.
Tom staggered into the room, carrying a bottle of beer.
Tom staggered off.
Tom staggered out of the bar with a bottle in his hand.
Tom staggered out of the bar.
Tom staggered out of the pub.
Tom staggered out of the room.
Tom staggered out.
Tom staggered to his feet.
Tom staggered to the door.
Tom staggered.
Tom staggers down the hall.
Tom staggers.
Tom staked his tomatoes with Mary's old stockings.
Tom stalked Mary.
Tom stalked across the street without paying attention to traffic.
Tom stalked the deer.
Tom stalled Mary.
Tom stalled his car.
Tom stalled the engine.
Tom stammered a little.
Tom stammered.
Tom stammers when he gets nervous.
Tom stamped his foot three times.
Tom stamped out the fire.
Tom stands by his decision.
Tom stands by me whenever I am in trouble.
Tom stands to inherit a lot of money when his parents die.
Tom stands up for us.
Tom stared angrily at Mary.
Tom stared at Mary and didn't say anything.
Tom stared at Mary and said nothing.
Tom stared at Mary as if she was speaking a foreign language.
Tom stared at Mary as if she were speaking a foreign language.
Tom stared at Mary blankly.
Tom stared at Mary for a few seconds, and then dropped his eyelids and looked away.
Tom stared at Mary for a moment and then looked away.
Tom stared at Mary for a moment wondering if there was something she wasn't telling him.
Tom stared at Mary for a moment wondering if there was something she wasn’t telling him.
Tom stared at Mary for a moment.
Tom stared at Mary for a second.
Tom stared at Mary from across the bar.
Tom stared at Mary from across the room.
Tom stared at Mary icily.
Tom stared at Mary in astonishment.
Tom stared at Mary in disbelief.
Tom stared at Mary in disgust.
Tom stared at Mary in horror.
Tom stared at Mary in shock.
Tom stared at Mary in surprise.
Tom stared at Mary intently.
Tom stared at Mary suspiciously.
Tom stared at Mary with a blank expression.
Tom stared at Mary with disgust.
Tom stared at Mary with hatred.
Tom stared at Mary with his mouth open.
Tom stared at Mary's photo.
Tom stared at Mary.
Tom stared at her for several moments.
Tom stared at himself in the mirror.
Tom stared at his coffee mug.
Tom stared at his computer screen.
Tom stared at his feet.
Tom stared at his hands.
Tom stared at his plate.
Tom stared at his reflection in the mirror.
Tom stared at his reflection in the water.
Tom stared at his reflection in the window.
Tom stared at me as if I was out of my mind.
Tom stared at me questioningly.
Tom stared at me with his mouth open.
Tom stared at me.
Tom stared at the blank computer screen.
Tom stared at the blank screen.
Tom stared at the ceiling, unable to sleep.
Tom stared at the ceiling.
Tom stared at the cracked phone screen.
Tom stared at the document.
Tom stared at the empty wine bottles being on the table.
Tom stared at the envelope in Mary's hand, wondering who the letter was from.
Tom stared at the fire.
Tom stared at the floor, not wanting to say anything.
Tom stared at the floor.
Tom stared at the food on Mary's plate.
Tom stared at the food on his plate.
Tom stared at the ground.
Tom stared at the gun in Mary's hand.
Tom stared at the lava lamp for hours.
Tom stared at the night sky for a long time and completely spaced out.
Tom stared at the painting for a long time.
Tom stared at the picture Mary was holding.
Tom stared at the picture of his daughter.
Tom stared at the picture of his grandfather that was hanging on the wall.
Tom stared at the picture.
Tom stared at the pictures.
Tom stared at the screensaver.
Tom stared at the sky.
Tom stared at the tea leaves.
Tom stared at the tree.
Tom stared back at Mary.
Tom stared back.
Tom stared blankly at Mary.
Tom stared blankly at the ceiling.
Tom stared blankly at the wall.
Tom stared blankly into space.
Tom stared blankly out the window.
Tom stared blankly.
Tom stared deep into her eyes.
Tom stared dejectedly out the window.
Tom stared directly into Mary's eyes.
Tom stared down at his feet.
Tom stared down at his plate.
Tom stared in astonishment.
Tom stared in disbelief.
Tom stared intently.
Tom stared into Mary eyes.
Tom stared into Mary's eyes and kissed her.
Tom stared into Mary's eyes.
Tom stared into my eyes and I stared back into his.
Tom stared into my eyes.
Tom stared into space.
Tom stared into the distance.
Tom stared into the impenetrable blackness of the night sky.
Tom stared off into space.
Tom stared out at the sea.
Tom stared out of the window, watching the snow fall.
Tom stared out the passenger window.
Tom stared out the window in silence.
Tom stared out the window.
Tom stared sadly out the window.
Tom stared silently at Mary for several moments.
Tom stared straight ahead.
Tom stared up at the ceiling.
Tom stared up at the night sky.
Tom started a band with his chess club friends called "Bishop Sacrifice."
Tom started a bar fight.
Tom started a bonfire on the beach.
Tom started a book club.
Tom started a club, and Mary was the first to join.
Tom started a family and became a homebody.
Tom started a fight with Mary.
Tom started a fight.
Tom started a fire by turning a condom filled with water into a magnifying lens.
Tom started a fire in the fireplace.
Tom started a fire in the painting shop.
Tom started a fire.
Tom started a list, so he wouldn't forget anything.
Tom started a multi-level marketing scheme.
Tom started a neighborhood militia.
Tom started a new job today.
Tom started a new religion in 2019.
Tom started a scrap metal recycling business.
Tom started acting strangely.
Tom started acting weird.
Tom started an advertising agency.
Tom started an elimination diet to identify the cause of his fatigue.
Tom started an online business in tandem with Mary.
Tom started apologizing.
Tom started arguing.
Tom started as a janitor, but he's now the president of the company.
Tom started as a janitor.
Tom started as a mailroom clerk.
Tom started asking questions as soon as he walked into the room.
Tom started asking questions.
Tom started asking some questions.
Tom started at the lowest rung of the company.
Tom started at the very bottom.
Tom started attacking me.
Tom started back.
Tom started backing away from the man with a knife.
Tom started balding in his twenties.
Tom started banging on the door.
Tom started bawling like a baby.
Tom started being called "fatty" after he put on 200 pounds.
Tom started bouncing up and down on the bed.
Tom started bragging about his new car.
Tom started briskly, but quickly fizzled out.
Tom started by mashing the potatoes.
Tom started calling Mary names.
Tom started celebrating after he kicked the ball into his own net.
Tom started chanting.
Tom started chasing Mary around the playground.
Tom started chasing me.
Tom started choking me.
Tom started chuckling.
Tom started clapping, and everyone else quickly joined in.
Tom started clapping, but nobody joined in.
Tom started clapping.
Tom started cleaning.
Tom started clearing the table.
Tom started climbing.
Tom started complaining about Mary again, but I told him to stop.
Tom started complaining.
Tom started cooking dinner.
Tom started cooking his own meals to save money.
Tom started cooking.
Tom started coughing and everybody began to move away.
Tom started coughing and everyone began to move away.
Tom started coughing blood.
Tom started coughing up blood.
Tom started coughing.
Tom started crying a few minutes ago.
Tom started crying again.
Tom started crying and I did, too.
Tom started crying and I started crying, too.
Tom started crying and Mary started crying, too.
Tom started crying and so did I.
Tom started crying and so did Mary.
Tom started crying as soon as he saw his mother.
Tom started crying as soon as his mother left the room.
Tom started crying as well.
Tom started crying because the other children were teasing him.
Tom started crying hysterically.
Tom started crying immediately.
Tom started crying like a baby.
Tom started crying on the phone.
Tom started crying tears of joy.
Tom started crying the minute his mother left the room.
Tom started crying uncontrollably.
Tom started crying when I told him about the accident.
Tom started crying when I told him his dog had died.
Tom started crying when Mary left the room.
Tom started crying when he fell down.
Tom started crying when he heard the news.
Tom started crying when he was arrested.
Tom started crying when he was fired.
Tom started crying when his father spanked him.
Tom started crying, too.
Tom started crying.
Tom started cursing everybody.
Tom started cursing in French.
Tom started cussing.
Tom started dancing to the music.
Tom started dancing.
Tom started dated Mary not long after he and I broke up.
Tom started dated Mary not long after we broke up.
Tom started dating Mary a few months ago.
Tom started dating Mary in high school.
Tom started dating Mary last year.
Tom started dating Mary three months ago.
Tom started dating Mary when they were in high school.
Tom started dating an older woman.
Tom started dating his therapist.
Tom started daydreaming again.
Tom started digging.
Tom started doing squat thrusts in the waiting room.
Tom started doing that a few days ago.
Tom started doing that a few weeks ago.
Tom started doing that a week ago.
Tom started doing that after he got married.
Tom started doing that before he was thirteen years old.
Tom started doing that before he was thirteen.
Tom started doing that early this morning.
Tom started doing that three years ago.
Tom started doing that when he was thirteen.
Tom started doing that when he was thirty years old.
Tom started doing that when he was thirty.
Tom started doing this three weeks ago.
Tom started drawing.
Tom started dreaming.
Tom started dressing.
Tom started drinking after his wife left him.
Tom started drinking when he was a teenager.
Tom started drinking wine as soon as Mary left the party.
Tom started drinking.
Tom started driving again.
Tom started driving last year.
Tom started driving when he was thirteen, even though he didn't have a driver's license.
Tom started driving.
Tom started drooling.
Tom started dying of thirst.
Tom started earlier than I did.
Tom started early in order to avoid the rush hour.
Tom started eating healthier food.
Tom started eating the sandwich Mary made for him.
Tom started eating.
Tom started falling in love with Mary the minute he laid eyes on her.
Tom started falling in love with Mary.
Tom started feeling angry.
Tom started feeling insecure.
Tom started feeling sad.
Tom started feeling sick.
Tom started flipping out.
Tom started flipping through the book.
Tom started flipping through the pages of the magazine Mary had given him.
Tom started flirting with Mary.
Tom started forgetting things.
Tom started freaking out.
Tom started getting angry the minute Mary started doing that.
Tom started getting angry when Mary started doing that.
Tom started getting angry.
Tom started getting dressed.
Tom started getting hungry.
Tom started getting impatient and frustrated.
Tom started getting mad the minute Mary started doing that.
Tom started getting mad when Mary started doing that.
Tom started getting mad.
Tom started getting ready for bed.
Tom started getting ready.
Tom started giggling.
Tom started giving Mary CPR.
Tom started going bald in his early thirties.
Tom started going bald when he was in his early thirties.
Tom started going bald when he was quite young.
Tom started going bald when he was thirty.
Tom started going to church when he was a college student.
Tom started going to the gym more often.
Tom started going to the gym.
Tom started grinning.
Tom started groaning.
Tom started growing a new organ that absorbed all coffee he was drinking.
Tom started hallucinating.
Tom started hanging out with Mary's friends more often.
Tom started harassing Mary.
Tom started having hallucinations.
Tom started having problems with his academic performance as early as elementary school.
Tom started having those dreams again.
Tom started hiccupping.
Tom started his blog in October.
Tom started his car and drove away.
Tom started his company three years ago.
Tom started his first band in 2013.
Tom started his new job three weeks ago.
Tom started his own business.
Tom started his own company.
Tom started his own lawn-mowing business.
Tom started his speech with a joke.
Tom started his truck.
Tom started hitting Mary.
Tom started hitting me.
Tom started humming to himself.
Tom started in the mailroom.
Tom started investing early.
Tom started it.
Tom started jokingly calling Mary his fiancée.
Tom started jokingly referring to Mary as his fiancée.
Tom started jumping.
Tom started kicking me.
Tom started kissing Mary.
Tom started kissing me and I pushed him away.
Tom started laughing again.
Tom started laughing and everybody else started laughing, too.
Tom started laughing and everyone else started laughing, too.
Tom started laughing as soon as he saw May dancing.
Tom started laughing hysterically.
Tom started laughing loudly when he heard about that.
Tom started laughing uncontrollably.
Tom started laughing when I told him about what had happened.
Tom started laughing when I told him what Mary had done.
Tom started laughing when I told him what caused the accident.
Tom started laughing.
Tom started learning Arabic for fun.
Tom started learning French for fun.
Tom started learning French last year.
Tom started learning French when he was thirteen years old.
Tom started learning French when he was thirteen.
Tom started learning French when he was very young.
Tom started learning Scottish Gaelic four months ago.
Tom started leaving.
Tom started lifting weights.
Tom started loading the gun.
Tom started lobstering as a summer job when he was 14 years old, and then every summer until he went to college.
Tom started lobstering as a summer job when he was 14 years old.
Tom started losing weight.
Tom started making fun of Mary.
Tom started making mistakes.
Tom started moaning in pain.
Tom started mumbling.
Tom started off strong.
Tom started opening the gift.
Tom started out as a drummer.
Tom started out as a janitor.
Tom started out as a salesman.
Tom started out as a street musician.
Tom started out briskly, but quickly became exhausted.
Tom started over.
Tom started pacing.
Tom started packing his backpack.
Tom started packing his suitcase.
Tom started packing his things up.
Tom started packing.
Tom started painting when he was very young.
Tom started panicking.
Tom started playing basketball three years ago.
Tom started playing drums when he was thirteen.
Tom started playing golf when he was thirteen years old.
Tom started playing golf when he was thirteen.
Tom started playing jazz after studying classical music for many years.
Tom started playing rugby three years ago.
Tom started playing the piano when he was thirteen years old.
Tom started playing the trumpet when he was thirteen years old.
Tom started playing the trumpet when he was thirteen.
Tom started playing the tuba when he was thirteen years old.
Tom started playing the tuba when he was thirteen.
Tom started playing the violin when he was thirteen.
Tom started playing.
Tom started plowing right after breakfast.
Tom started pounding on the door.
Tom started praying.
Tom started putting his clothes on.
Tom started putting things in the box.
Tom started putting things into the box.
Tom started questioning Mary about where she'd been.
Tom started racing at the age of thirteen.
Tom started ranting.
Tom started reading self-help books after his divorce.
Tom started reading that book an hour ago.
Tom started reading when he was three years old.
Tom started reading.
Tom started recording.
Tom started reminiscing.
Tom started retreating.
Tom started rinsing off the dishes.
Tom started running again.
Tom started running as fast as he could.
Tom started running towards the house.
Tom started running up the hill.
Tom started running.
Tom started screaming again.
Tom started screaming and shouting.
Tom started screaming and yelling.
Tom started screaming at Mary.
Tom started screaming at me for no reason at all.
Tom started screaming at me.
Tom started screaming at the top of his lungs.
Tom started screaming for help.
Tom started screaming like a 15-year old girl.
Tom started screaming obscenities.
Tom started screaming, so the children ran away.
Tom started screaming.
Tom started scrubbing the floor.
Tom started seeing hallucinations.
Tom started shaking uncontrollably.
Tom started shaking.
Tom started shaving when he was thirteen.
Tom started shivering.
Tom started shooting.
Tom started shouting.
Tom started shoving me.
Tom started singing a song.
Tom started singing along with Mary.
Tom started singing along with us.
Tom started singing along.
Tom started singing an old song and everybody in the room joined in.
Tom started singing and everybody joined in.
Tom started singing, and everyone else joined in.
Tom started singing, and we all joined in.
Tom started singing, and we all left the room.
Tom started singing, and we all sang along.
Tom started singing, and we covered our ears.
Tom started singing.
Tom started slandering Mary.
Tom started slighting his studies after he became a member of the football team.
Tom started smiling.
Tom started smoking again.
Tom started smoking cigars when he was a kid.
Tom started smoking when he was a teenager.
Tom started smoking when he was thirteen.
Tom started smoking.
Tom started snickering.
Tom started snoring.
Tom started sobbing.
Tom started speaking French to the old man on the bench.
Tom started speaking in French and everyone stared at him.
Tom started speaking.
Tom started stealing money.
Tom started strumming his guitar.
Tom started studying French after he retired.
Tom started studying French for fun.
Tom started studying French last year.
Tom started studying French three years ago.
Tom started studying French when he was a child, so his pronunciation is very good.
Tom started studying French when he was a kid, so his pronunciation is very good.
Tom started stuttering.
Tom started swearing.
Tom started sweating.
Tom started swimming.
Tom started taking French classes after he retired.
Tom started taking French lessons after he retired.
Tom started taking boxing lessons when he turned twelve.
Tom started taking his clothes off.
Tom started taking his shoes off.
Tom started taking off his clothes.
Tom started taking off his shoes.
Tom started taking piano lessons three years ago.
Tom started taking piano lessons when he was thirteen.
Tom started taking pictures.
Tom started taking things out of the box.
Tom started talking about Boston.
Tom started talking about Mary.
Tom started talking about his trip to Australia.
Tom started talking about marriage.
Tom started talking as soon as he entered the room.
Tom started talking back to me.
Tom started talking in French, which I couldn't understand.
Tom started talking much earlier than most children do.
Tom started talking to Mary as soon as the door closed.
Tom started talking to Mary.
Tom started talking to a stranger.
Tom started talking to himself.
Tom started talking to his girlfriend about breaking up.
Tom started talking to me.
Tom started talking with Mary.
Tom started talking.
Tom started teaching French in 2013.
Tom started that.
Tom started the Paleo diet two months ago and now Mary and Tom make love all night long.
Tom started the car and drove off.
Tom started the car and pulled out of the parking lot.
Tom started the car and put it in reverse.
Tom started the car and waited a few minutes for the car to warm up before he pulled out of the driveway.
Tom started the car.
Tom started the climb.
Tom started the coffee brewing, then checked his email.
Tom started the day with a strong cup of coffee.
Tom started the day with renewed vigor.
Tom started the engine and put it in gear.
Tom started the engine.
Tom started the fight.
Tom started the fire himself.
Tom started the fire.
Tom started the race as one of the favorites.
Tom started the race last, but he came in first.
Tom started the season ranked 13th.
Tom started the season with a bang.
Tom started the show with his mother's favorite song.
Tom started the timer.
Tom started this business.
Tom started throwing things at Mary.
Tom started to answer the question and then realized it was a rhetorical question.
Tom started to answer the question and then realized that it was a rhetorical question.
Tom started to answer the question, but was interrupted.
Tom started to avoid people.
Tom started to back away.
Tom started to back up.
Tom started to be called "fatty" after he put on 200 pounds.
Tom started to behave strangely.
Tom started to calculate the damage.
Tom started to chase us.
Tom started to choke.
Tom started to chuckle.
Tom started to climb the ladder.
Tom started to climb the stairs.
Tom started to come in, but Mary stopped him.
Tom started to cough.
Tom started to crack jokes at Mary's expense.
Tom started to crack up.
Tom started to cry again.
Tom started to cry right away.
Tom started to cry.
Tom started to descend the stairs.
Tom started to doubt himself.
Tom started to drift off to sleep.
Tom started to drink. He lost his job and friends. In the end, he became a beggar.
Tom started to eat before Mary sat down at the table.
Tom started to eat.
Tom started to empty his pockets.
Tom started to exhibit his supernatural abilities.
Tom started to explain what had happened, but Mary wasn't listening.
Tom started to feel dizzy.
Tom started to feel like his life wasn't worth living.
Tom started to feel like his life wasn’t worth living.
Tom started to feel more confident than before.
Tom started to feel sorry for Mary.
Tom started to feel very dizzy.
Tom started to frantically tidy up his apartment after his mother rang to say she was coming around.
Tom started to get a little angry.
Tom started to get a little bored.
Tom started to get a little hungry.
Tom started to get angry.
Tom started to get drowsy again.
Tom started to get hungry.
Tom started to get panicky.
Tom started to get really scared.
Tom started to get violent.
Tom started to get worried when Mary didn't turn up.
Tom started to giggle.
Tom started to go bald in his thirties.
Tom started to go insane after his parents died.
Tom started to go, but Mary stopped him.
Tom started to hiccough.
Tom started to hiccup.
Tom started to hit me.
Tom started to insult Vladimir in front of everyone.
Tom started to laugh and was joined by everyone in the room.
Tom started to laugh.
Tom started to leave, but Mary stopped him.
Tom started to leave.
Tom started to like Mary more and more.
Tom started to misbehave, and he lost all his friends.
Tom started to open the gift.
Tom started to pack up his stuff.
Tom started to panic.
Tom started to practice every day.
Tom started to practice meditation.
Tom started to pray.
Tom started to put his coat on, but then decided to stay a bit longer.
Tom started to put his tools away.
Tom started to question his own sanity.
Tom started to renovate a playground.
Tom started to run again.
Tom started to run.
Tom started to say something, and then changed his mind.
Tom started to say something, but Mary interrupted him.
Tom started to say something, but Mary shushed him.
Tom started to say something, but Mary stopped him.
Tom started to say something, but changed his mind.
Tom started to say something, but didn't.
Tom started to scream.
Tom started to shiver.
Tom started to shoot at the police car.
Tom started to shout.
Tom started to sing a song and we all sang along.
Tom started to sing and we all sang along.
Tom started to sing.
Tom started to sink.
Tom started to sit where he usually sits, but Mary asked him to sit somewhere else.
Tom started to smoke.
Tom started to snore.
Tom started to sob.
Tom started to speak French.
Tom started to speak, but then decided to remain silent.
Tom started to struggle.
Tom started to swim toward shore.
Tom started to take off his jacket.
Tom started to take pictures.
Tom started to take things out of the box.
Tom started to talk later.
Tom started to talk.
Tom started to unbutton his shirt.
Tom started to unfold the piece of paper Mary handed him.
Tom started to unload the sacks from the truck.
Tom started to untie his shoes.
Tom started to walk away, but Mary stopped him.
Tom started to walk away.
Tom started to walk faster.
Tom started to walk toward his office.
Tom started to walk towards Mary, but then he turned around and walked the other way.
Tom started to walk towards the door.
Tom started to walk.
Tom started to wear glasses when he was three years old.
Tom started to whistle.
Tom started to worry.
Tom started to write an autobiography.
Tom started to yell at Mary.
Tom started translating on Tatoeba.
Tom started twitching.
Tom started typing.
Tom started undressing.
Tom started unpacking.
Tom started up the car.
Tom started using heroin again.
Tom started using heroin when he was still a teenager.
Tom started vacuuming.
Tom started vomiting.
Tom started walking across the room.
Tom started walking back home.
Tom started walking back the way he came.
Tom started walking down the hall.
Tom started walking down the stairs.
Tom started walking towards Mary.
Tom started walking.
Tom started washing his car.
Tom started watching his cholesterol.
Tom started whimpering.
Tom started whining.
Tom started whistling a happy tune.
Tom started whistling a tune.
Tom started whistling for his dog.
Tom started whistling.
Tom started work on a cold case file that was 239 years old.
Tom started working as a carpenter about three years ago.
Tom started working as a plumber about three years ago.
Tom started working for Mary last year.
Tom started working for us just after he graduated from high school.
Tom started working for us last Monday.
Tom started working for us when he was only thirteen.
Tom started working here as a janitor and now he's the boss.
Tom started working here as a janitor.
Tom started working here as an intern.
Tom started working here in October of 2013.
Tom started working here in October.
Tom started working here last Monday.
Tom started working here last week.
Tom started working here on October 20, 2013.
Tom started working here on October 20th.
Tom started working here three months ago.
Tom started working in Australia last October.
Tom started working in Australia several years ago.
Tom started working in Boston in 2013.
Tom started working in Boston three years ago.
Tom started working in Boston yesterday.
Tom started working on that last Monday.
Tom started working right away.
Tom started working when he was thirteen.
Tom started working.
Tom started worrying about Mary.
Tom started writing.
Tom started yelling at Mary.
Tom started yelling at me as soon as he saw me.
Tom started yelling at me.
Tom started yelling at the top of his lungs.
Tom started yelling first.
Tom started yelling for help.
Tom started yelling.
Tom started.
Tom startled Mary.
Tom starts college this week in Boston.
Tom starts every sentence with "and".
Tom starts giggling every time he sees Mary.
Tom starts high school next month.
Tom starts high school this fall.
Tom starts his job at 2:30 in the afternoon.
Tom starts school next year.
Tom starts smiling every time he sees Mary.
Tom starts teaching next month.
Tom starts work October 20th.
Tom starts work on Monday.
Tom starved because he was too lazy to get some food.
Tom starved to death.
Tom stashed his weapons in his garage.
Tom stashed some stuff at my place.
Tom stashed some stuff here.
Tom stashes candy in his drawers to snack on during his late-night sessions.
Tom stated emphatically that he didn't do that.
Tom stated the obvious.
Tom stayed 688 sols on Mars.
Tom stayed a little bit longer.
Tom stayed absolutely silent.
Tom stayed after class to ask the teacher a few questions.
Tom stayed after class to talk to the teacher.
Tom stayed after school to talk to his teacher.
Tom stayed after school to talk with his teacher.
Tom stayed after school to talk with his teachers.
Tom stayed alert.
Tom stayed and helped Mary.
Tom stayed as far away from the other sick children as possible.
Tom stayed as long as he could.
Tom stayed at a B&B.
Tom stayed at a Bed and Breakfast.
Tom stayed at a cheap hotel when he visited Boston.
Tom stayed at a cheap hotel.
Tom stayed at a fancy hotel.
Tom stayed at a high-class hotel.
Tom stayed at a hostel.
Tom stayed at a hotel near the beach.
Tom stayed at a hotel near the lake.
Tom stayed at a hotel not far from our house for a few days.
Tom stayed at a hotel.
Tom stayed at a motel.
Tom stayed at a nice hotel in Boston.
Tom stayed at a nice hotel.
Tom stayed at a very expensive hotel.
Tom stayed at an expensive hotel.
Tom stayed at an inn.
Tom stayed at an old and cheap hotel.
Tom stayed at his aunt's.
Tom stayed at his uncle's house.
Tom stayed at his uncle's.
Tom stayed at home all afternoon.
Tom stayed at home all day Monday.
Tom stayed at home all day yesterday.
Tom stayed at home all day.
Tom stayed at home all weekend.
Tom stayed at home alone.
Tom stayed at home because he's sick.
Tom stayed at home because it was raining.
Tom stayed at home by himself.
Tom stayed at home for three days.
Tom stayed at home with Mary.
Tom stayed at home with his family.
Tom stayed at home.
Tom stayed at my house for three weeks.
Tom stayed at my house.
Tom stayed at my place for three weeks.
Tom stayed at one of the hotels on Park Street.
Tom stayed at the Grand Hotel.
Tom stayed at the Hilton Hotel for three days.
Tom stayed at the YMCA.
Tom stayed at the party for a long time.
Tom stayed at this hotel for three weeks.
Tom stayed at this hotel last summer.
Tom stayed awake all night, thinking of Mary.
Tom stayed awake all night.
Tom stayed awake for three days.
Tom stayed awake.
Tom stayed away for as long as he could.
Tom stayed away for three weeks.
Tom stayed away from Mary.
Tom stayed back.
Tom stayed behind Mary.
Tom stayed behind to help Mary.
Tom stayed behind to help clean up after the party.
Tom stayed behind with some friends.
Tom stayed behind.
Tom stayed by Mary's side.
Tom stayed by my side.
Tom stayed calm.
Tom stayed close to me.
Tom stayed close.
Tom stayed cool.
Tom stayed downstairs.
Tom stayed focused.
Tom stayed for a few days.
Tom stayed for a few more days.
Tom stayed for a long time.
Tom stayed for a while.
Tom stayed for dinner.
Tom stayed for several days.
Tom stayed for the entire summer.
Tom stayed for three months.
Tom stayed here for a few days.
Tom stayed here for a short time.
Tom stayed here for a while last summer.
Tom stayed here for a while.
Tom stayed here last night.
Tom stayed here once.
Tom stayed here the night before last.
Tom stayed here three days last month.
Tom stayed here two nights ago.
Tom stayed here with me.
Tom stayed here.
Tom stayed hidden in the closet for a long time.
Tom stayed hidden.
Tom stayed home all day Monday.
Tom stayed home all day yesterday.
Tom stayed home all day.
Tom stayed home all weekend.
Tom stayed home alone.
Tom stayed home and read a book.
Tom stayed home because it was raining.
Tom stayed home because of the kids.
Tom stayed home by himself.
Tom stayed home from school because he was sick.
Tom stayed home from work because he was sick.
Tom stayed home on Tuesday to watch a Viking documentary.
Tom stayed home to care for his sick mother.
Tom stayed home to take care of Mary.
Tom stayed home to take care of his mother.
Tom stayed home with Mary.
Tom stayed home with the children.
Tom stayed home with the kids.
Tom stayed home yesterday.
Tom stayed home.
Tom stayed in Australia a few weeks.
Tom stayed in Australia a long time.
Tom stayed in Australia all summer.
Tom stayed in Australia for a couple of weeks.
Tom stayed in Australia for a long time.
Tom stayed in Australia for a short time.
Tom stayed in Australia for a short while.
Tom stayed in Australia for a time.
Tom stayed in Australia for a while.
Tom stayed in Australia for about three months.
Tom stayed in Australia for the summer.
Tom stayed in Australia for three months.
Tom stayed in Australia for three weeks.
Tom stayed in Australia for three years.
Tom stayed in Australia last year.
Tom stayed in Australia until 2013.
Tom stayed in Australia until October.
Tom stayed in Australia with the rest of the family.
Tom stayed in Australia.
Tom stayed in Boston a few days.
Tom stayed in Boston a long time.
Tom stayed in Boston all summer.
Tom stayed in Boston all winter.
Tom stayed in Boston and continued living with his parents.
Tom stayed in Boston for a couple of days.
Tom stayed in Boston for a few days and then he flew to Chicago.
Tom stayed in Boston for a few days.
Tom stayed in Boston for a long time.
Tom stayed in Boston for a short time.
Tom stayed in Boston for a short while.
Tom stayed in Boston for a time.
Tom stayed in Boston for a while.
Tom stayed in Boston for about three months.
Tom stayed in Boston for the summer.
Tom stayed in Boston for the weekend.
Tom stayed in Boston for three days.
Tom stayed in Boston for three months before he was transferred again.
Tom stayed in Boston for three months.
Tom stayed in Boston for three weeks.
Tom stayed in Boston for three years.
Tom stayed in Boston for two years.
Tom stayed in Boston last weekend.
Tom stayed in Boston last year.
Tom stayed in Boston over a month.
Tom stayed in Boston over the weekend.
Tom stayed in Boston until October.
Tom stayed in Boston with friends.
Tom stayed in Boston with the rest of the family.
Tom stayed in Boston.
Tom stayed in Mary's house.
Tom stayed in a capsule hotel in Tokyo.
Tom stayed in a five-star hotel.
Tom stayed in a hotel.
Tom stayed in an oceanfront room.
Tom stayed in an old hotel in Boston.
Tom stayed in bed all day watching TV.
Tom stayed in bed all day.
Tom stayed in bed all morning, reading a book.
Tom stayed in bed all morning.
Tom stayed in bed all yesterday.
Tom stayed in bed because he was feeling sick.
Tom stayed in bed because he wasn't feeling very well.
Tom stayed in bed for three months.
Tom stayed in bed until lunchtime.
Tom stayed in bed until nearly noon.
Tom stayed in bed until noon.
Tom stayed in bed.
Tom stayed in front of me.
Tom stayed in his apartment.
Tom stayed in his bedroom all afternoon.
Tom stayed in his car.
Tom stayed in his dorm room all weekend.
Tom stayed in his room all day.
Tom stayed in his room as he was told to.
Tom stayed in his room as he was told.
Tom stayed in his room by himself.
Tom stayed in his room.
Tom stayed in jail for three months.
Tom stayed in that cabin over there.
Tom stayed in the bathroom for a long time.
Tom stayed in the bathroom for a very long time.
Tom stayed in the car while Mary ran into the supermarket for a loaf of bread.
Tom stayed in the car while Mary went into the supermarket.
Tom stayed in the car with Mary.
Tom stayed in the car.
Tom stayed in the classroom after class to talk to the teacher.
Tom stayed in the cold water as long as he could.
Tom stayed in the hallway.
Tom stayed in the hospital for three days.
Tom stayed in the hospital for three weeks.
Tom stayed in the hotel.
Tom stayed in the house all day.
Tom stayed in the house with Mary.
Tom stayed in the house.
Tom stayed in the pool for a long time.
Tom stayed in the shallow end of the pool.
Tom stayed in the ski lodge while Mary went skiing.
Tom stayed in the tent by himself.
Tom stayed in the truck.
Tom stayed in the water.
Tom stayed in this hotel for three days.
Tom stayed in touch with Mary.
Tom stayed indoors all day.
Tom stayed inside all day long.
Tom stayed inside all day.
Tom stayed inside because it was raining.
Tom stayed inside.
Tom stayed late.
Tom stayed longer than he had planned to.
Tom stayed longer than he had planned.
Tom stayed longer than he had to.
Tom stayed longer than he needed to.
Tom stayed longer than he needed.
Tom stayed longer than he should have.
Tom stayed longer than he should've.
Tom stayed longer than he'd planned to.
Tom stayed longer than he'd planned.
Tom stayed longer than necessary.
Tom stayed longer than was necessary.
Tom stayed mad at Mary all week.
Tom stayed on the bus, but everybody else got off.
Tom stayed on the bus, but everyone else got off.
Tom stayed on the bus, so he could keep talking with Mary.
Tom stayed on the phone with Mary.
Tom stayed on the sideline.
Tom stayed out after curfew.
Tom stayed out all day.
Tom stayed out all night long.
Tom stayed out all night.
Tom stayed out in the rain, playing with his friends.
Tom stayed out late last night drinking.
Tom stayed out late last night.
Tom stayed out of the argument.
Tom stayed out of the debate.
Tom stayed out of the way.
Tom stayed out of trouble.
Tom stayed outside all afternoon.
Tom stayed outside.
Tom stayed over.
Tom stayed overnight in Boston.
Tom stayed overnight.
Tom stayed positive.
Tom stayed put.
Tom stayed quiet the whole time.
Tom stayed quiet this time.
Tom stayed quiet.
Tom stayed right where he was.
Tom stayed seated.
Tom stayed silent.
Tom stayed single his whole life.
Tom stayed still.
Tom stayed strong.
Tom stayed the night.
Tom stayed there a couple of days.
Tom stayed there a little while.
Tom stayed there a long time.
Tom stayed there alone.
Tom stayed there by himself.
Tom stayed there for a moment.
Tom stayed there for an hour.
Tom stayed there for several days.
Tom stayed there for three days.
Tom stayed there for three hours.
Tom stayed there for three years.
Tom stayed there longer than he should have.
Tom stayed there overnight.
Tom stayed there with Mary.
Tom stayed there.
Tom stayed three years.
Tom stayed to back me up.
Tom stayed to clean up.
Tom stayed to help Mary clean up.
Tom stayed to help Mary, but the rest of us went home.
Tom stayed to help clean up after the party.
Tom stayed to protect Mary.
Tom stayed too long.
Tom stayed up all night reading a book.
Tom stayed up all night reading that book.
Tom stayed up all night reading the book Mary gave him.
Tom stayed up all night studying.
Tom stayed up all night texting his friends.
Tom stayed up all night, watching videos.
Tom stayed up all night.
Tom stayed up all night. Now he's too tired to work.
Tom stayed up all night. Now he’s too tired to work.
Tom stayed up late into the night working on his speech.
Tom stayed up late last night.
Tom stayed up late studying for his exam.
Tom stayed up late studying for the exam.
Tom stayed up late to finish writing the report.
Tom stayed up late, studying.
Tom stayed up late.
Tom stayed up past his usual bedtime.
Tom stayed up the whole night.
Tom stayed up until 2:30 last Monday night.
Tom stayed up until 2:30 last night.
Tom stayed up until dawn.
Tom stayed up until his father got home.
Tom stayed up until three in the morning.
Tom stayed up very late studying for the exam.
Tom stayed upstairs.
Tom stayed very quiet.
Tom stayed where he was.
Tom stayed with Mary and John when he visited Australia.
Tom stayed with Mary and John when he visited Boston.
Tom stayed with Mary until the ambulance arrived.
Tom stayed with Mary until the ambulance came.
Tom stayed with Mary.
Tom stayed with a friend in Boston.
Tom stayed with his father.
Tom stayed with me until the ambulance arrived.
Tom stayed with me when he came to Australia.
Tom stayed with me when he came to Boston.
Tom stayed with me.
Tom stayed with our family for a while.
Tom stayed with some friends in Boston.
Tom stayed with the Jacksons that night.
Tom stayed with the team until 2013.
Tom stayed with us a few days.
Tom stayed with us all last winter.
Tom stayed with us for a bit.
Tom stayed with us for a week.
Tom stayed with us for a while.
Tom stayed with us for several days in 2013.
Tom stayed with us for several days.
Tom stayed with us for several weeks.
Tom stayed with us for three days.
Tom stayed with us for three weeks last summer.
Tom stayed with us in Australia last summer.
Tom stayed with us in Boston last spring.
Tom stayed with us in Boston last summer.
Tom stayed with us last summer.
Tom stayed.
Tom stays at home almost every weekend.
Tom stays at home on weekends.
Tom stays at the market until he has sold everything. This often takes until late in the evening.
Tom stays behind Mary.
Tom stays here with us during the week.
Tom stays home all day.
Tom stays in Boston on weekends.
Tom stays in his room most of the time.
Tom stays in motels when he travels.
Tom stays in touch with Mary.
Tom stays inside all day staring at the computer.
Tom stays out of trouble.
Tom stays up late at night and always has trouble waking up in time to get ready for school.
Tom stays up until after midnight almost every day.
Tom stays up until after midnight almost every night.
Tom stays with me.
Tom stays with us every summer.
Tom stays with us.
Tom steadied himself.
Tom steals food from me.
Tom steals from both the rich and the poor.
Tom steals provisions.
Tom steals stuff.
Tom steered the car with his knees.
Tom stepped aside and let Mary walk in.
Tom stepped aside so Mary could pass.
Tom stepped aside to allow Mary to pass.
Tom stepped aside, letting Mary pass.
Tom stepped aside.
Tom stepped away from the door.
Tom stepped away from the ledge.
Tom stepped away from the window.
Tom stepped away.
Tom stepped back from the blackboard.
Tom stepped back from the telescope.
Tom stepped back from the window.
Tom stepped back into the house.
Tom stepped back into the room.
Tom stepped back.
Tom stepped backwards.
Tom stepped carefully on his feet.
Tom stepped closer to Mary.
Tom stepped closer.
Tom stepped down a few months ago.
Tom stepped down after details of his unsavoury past emerged.
Tom stepped down in October 2013.
Tom stepped forward to kiss Mary, but she stepped back.
Tom stepped forward to shake Mary's hand.
Tom stepped forward.
Tom stepped in a puddle of water.
Tom stepped in front of Mary.
Tom stepped in to help.
Tom stepped inside the room.
Tom stepped inside.
Tom stepped into his office and closed the door.
Tom stepped into the apartment and closed the door.
Tom stepped into the candlelight.
Tom stepped into the elevator and pushed the button for the third floor.
Tom stepped into the puddle.
Tom stepped into the room and closed the door behind him.
Tom stepped into the shower.
Tom stepped into the spotlight.
Tom stepped off the bus with a big smile on his face.
Tom stepped off the elevator.
Tom stepped off the scale.
Tom stepped off the train.
Tom stepped on Mary's feet while they were dancing.
Tom stepped on Mary's foot.
Tom stepped on Mary's glasses.
Tom stepped on a bear trap and was seriously injured in the leg.
Tom stepped on a hornet nest.
Tom stepped on a landmine.
Tom stepped on a nail.
Tom stepped on a snake.
Tom stepped on a toy.
Tom stepped on his dog's tail.
Tom stepped on his glasses.
Tom stepped on my foot on purpose.
Tom stepped on my foot.
Tom stepped on my toe.
Tom stepped on some broken glass.
Tom stepped on the accelerator instead of the brake.
Tom stepped on the brake.
Tom stepped on the clutch.
Tom stepped on the dog's tail and the dog turned around and bit him.
Tom stepped on the dog's tail.
Tom stepped on the gas instead of the brake.
Tom stepped on the gas.
Tom stepped on the rake.
Tom stepped on the scale.
Tom stepped onto the bathroom scales.
Tom stepped out for a minute.
Tom stepped out from behind his desk.
Tom stepped out into the hall.
Tom stepped out into the hallway.
Tom stepped out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist.
Tom stepped out of the car.
Tom stepped out of the room.
Tom stepped out of the shower and wrapped a towel around his waist.
Tom stepped out of the shower.
Tom stepped out on the balcony.
Tom stepped out onto the balcony.
Tom stepped out onto the porch.
Tom stepped outside to smoke a cigarette.
Tom stepped outside.
Tom stepped over the log.
Tom stepped over the puddle.
Tom stepped over the threshold.
Tom stepped over the toolbox.
Tom stepped through the doorway.
Tom stepped to one side.
Tom stepped up to the microphone.
Tom stepped up to the podium.
Tom stepped.
Tom sticks out like a sore thumb.
Tom sticks to a strict vegetarian diet.
Tom stiffened a little.
Tom stiffened.
Tom stifled a cough.
Tom stifled a grin.
Tom stifled a groan.
Tom stifled a laugh.
Tom stifled a scream.
Tom stifled a sneeze.
Tom stifled a yawn.
Tom still acts like a child.
Tom still appears to have a crush on Mary.
Tom still attends those meetings.
Tom still believes in Santa Claus.
Tom still believes in Santa even though he's thirteen years old.
Tom still believes in trickle-down economics.
Tom still believes that that'll happen.
Tom still believes that will happen.
Tom still believes that'll happen.
Tom still believes that.
Tom still blames himself for what happened.
Tom still blames you for Mary's death.
Tom still calls French fries Freedom fries.
Tom still calls his father Daddy.
Tom still calls his mother Mom.
Tom still calls me from time to time.
Tom still calls me that.
Tom still can't afford it.
Tom still can't be counted on.
Tom still can't believe it.
Tom still can't do it.
Tom still can't do that very well.
Tom still can't do that.
Tom still can't drive very well.
Tom still can't find his keys.
Tom still can't get Mary out of his head.
Tom still can't go home.
Tom still can't grasp French grammar.
Tom still can't grow a beard.
Tom still can't make himself understood in French.
Tom still can't play the ukulele well.
Tom still can't pronounce my name correctly.
Tom still can't read.
Tom still can't sing very well.
Tom still can't speak French very well.
Tom still can't speak French.
Tom still can't swim very well.
Tom still can't understand French.
Tom still can't use his left arm.
Tom still can't walk very well.
Tom still can't win.
Tom still can’t get Mary out of his head.
Tom still cares, I think.
Tom still cares.
Tom still comes here a lot.
Tom still comes here every day.
Tom still comes to Australia every Christmas.
Tom still comes to Australia two or three times a year.
Tom still comes to Boston every Christmas.
Tom still comes to Boston two or three times a year.
Tom still comes to the hospital every day to visit Mary.
Tom still complains about that.
Tom still couldn't believe it.
Tom still cries a lot.
Tom still denies that he did that.
Tom still denies that he was the one who stole Mary's bracelet.
Tom still depends on his parents for living expenses.
Tom still depends on his parents for money.
Tom still despises Mary.
Tom still despises me.
Tom still didn't know what to do.
Tom still didn't speak.
Tom still didn't want to retire.
Tom still disagrees.
Tom still does drugs.
Tom still does that a lot.
Tom still does that as often as he can.
Tom still does that as often as possible.
Tom still does that even though he's very old.
Tom still does that every Monday.
Tom still does that every day.
Tom still does that every summer.
Tom still does that from time to time.
Tom still does that once in a while.
Tom still does that quite often.
Tom still does that sometimes.
Tom still does that whenever he can.
Tom still does that, I presume.
Tom still does that, doesn't he?
Tom still does that, even though we've told me not to.
Tom still does that.
Tom still doesn't believe Mary is guilty.
Tom still doesn't believe it.
Tom still doesn't believe that.
Tom still doesn't care.
Tom still doesn't do that, does he?
Tom still doesn't do that.
Tom still doesn't eat meat.
Tom still doesn't get it.
Tom still doesn't get the point.
Tom still doesn't have a driver's license.
Tom still doesn't have a girlfriend.
Tom still doesn't have enough experience.
Tom still doesn't have his own apartment, even though he is already thirty. He still lives with his parents.
Tom still doesn't have much experience as a professor.
Tom still doesn't have the courage to tell Mary what he did.
Tom still doesn't have the courage to tell Mary what he has done.
Tom still doesn't have the courage to tell Mary what he's done.
Tom still doesn't have to do that, does he?
Tom still doesn't have to do that.
Tom still doesn't know Boston very well.
Tom still doesn't know I'm here.
Tom still doesn't know Mary and I are divorced.
Tom still doesn't know a lot.
Tom still doesn't know about Mary's death.
Tom still doesn't know anything.
Tom still doesn't know how to do that.
Tom still doesn't know how to swim.
Tom still doesn't know how to write his own name.
Tom still doesn't know much French.
Tom still doesn't know that I'm here.
Tom still doesn't know that Mary and I are divorced.
Tom still doesn't know the reason why Mary did that.
Tom still doesn't know the truth.
Tom still doesn't know what Mary did.
Tom still doesn't know what Mary has to do.
Tom still doesn't know what Mary is supposed to do.
Tom still doesn't know what Mary needs to do.
Tom still doesn't know what Mary wants to do.
Tom still doesn't know what happened.
Tom still doesn't know what has to be done.
Tom still doesn't know what he has to do.
Tom still doesn't know what he needs to do.
Tom still doesn't know what he will watch tonight.
Tom still doesn't know what he's going to say.
Tom still doesn't know what he's supposed to buy.
Tom still doesn't know what he's supposed to do.
Tom still doesn't know what needs to be done.
Tom still doesn't know what to do.
Tom still doesn't know what's going on.
Tom still doesn't know what's happening.
Tom still doesn't know where I live.
Tom still doesn't know where Mary is.
Tom still doesn't know where Mary lives.
Tom still doesn't know where Mary went.
Tom still doesn't know where he should go.
Tom still doesn't know where he's going to go next summer.
Tom still doesn't know whether or not he wants to study.
Tom still doesn't know who Mary is.
Tom still doesn't know who Mary's father is.
Tom still doesn't know who he's going to vote for.
Tom still doesn't know who's going to be at today's meeting.
Tom still doesn't know who's going to be there.
Tom still doesn't know who's going to do that.
Tom still doesn't know who's going to help him do that.
Tom still doesn't know why Mary did that.
Tom still doesn't know why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom still doesn't know why Mary has to do that.
Tom still doesn't know why Mary needs to do that.
Tom still doesn't know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom still doesn't know why he has to do that.
Tom still doesn't know why he needs to do that.
Tom still doesn't know why he wasn't invited to the party.
Tom still doesn't know why he's supposed to do that.
Tom still doesn't know.
Tom still doesn't like me very much.
Tom still doesn't like me.
Tom still doesn't live in Boston.
Tom still doesn't look happy.
Tom still doesn't look like he's having much fun.
Tom still doesn't look so good.
Tom still doesn't look too interested.
Tom still doesn't look too tired.
Tom still doesn't look very happy.
Tom still doesn't need to do that, does he?
Tom still doesn't need to do that.
Tom still doesn't realize anything might be wrong.
Tom still doesn't realize that Mary hates him.
Tom still doesn't really get it.
Tom still doesn't really like Mary much.
Tom still doesn't seem to understand what's going on.
Tom still doesn't seem to understand what's happening.
Tom still doesn't seem to understand.
Tom still doesn't seem very happy.
Tom still doesn't sing very well.
Tom still doesn't speak French very well.
Tom still doesn't speak French.
Tom still doesn't speak much French.
Tom still doesn't think Mary can do that, does he?
Tom still doesn't think this is the right thing to do.
Tom still doesn't trust Mary all that much.
Tom still doesn't trust Mary very much.
Tom still doesn't trust Mary.
Tom still doesn't understand French very well.
Tom still doesn't understand how that works.
Tom still doesn't understand how things work around here.
Tom still doesn't understand it.
Tom still doesn't understand the problem.
Tom still doesn't understand what he's supposed to do.
Tom still doesn't understand what's going on.
Tom still doesn't understand what's happening.
Tom still doesn't understand.
Tom still doesn't walk very well.
Tom still doesn't want to do that, does he?
Tom still doesn't want to do that.
Tom still drinks, but not as much as he used to.
Tom still drinks, even though he told us that he'd quit.
Tom still drinks.
Tom still feels a little guilty.
Tom still feels embarrassed about that, and rightfully so.
Tom still felt uncomfortable.
Tom still gets very emotional.
Tom still goes fishing at least three times a month.
Tom still goes fishing every day.
Tom still goes fishing with Mary every summer.
Tom still goes fishing with his friends every weekend.
Tom still goes fishing with his friends.
Tom still goes jogging every morning.
Tom still goes to Australia a few times a year.
Tom still goes to Australia every summer.
Tom still goes to Boston a few times a year.
Tom still goes to Boston almost every weekend.
Tom still goes to Boston every summer.
Tom still goes to church, doesn't he?
Tom still goes to school.
Tom still goes to work every day.
Tom still had his hands on the controls.
Tom still hangs out with Mary.
Tom still has a chance to win.
Tom still has a chance.
Tom still has a cold.
Tom still has a crush on Mary.
Tom still has a dog.
Tom still has a fever.
Tom still has a few options.
Tom still has a flip phone.
Tom still has a full head of hair.
Tom still has a house in Australia.
Tom still has a house in Boston.
Tom still has a house on Park Street.
Tom still has a job to do.
Tom still has a long way to go.
Tom still has a lot of apples.
Tom still has a lot of things he has to buy.
Tom still has a lot of things he has to do.
Tom still has a lot of things he needs to buy.
Tom still has a lot of things he needs to do.
Tom still has a lot of things he wants to buy.
Tom still has a lot of things he wants to do.
Tom still has a lot of things to do.
Tom still has a lot to do before he can go home.
Tom still has a lot to do.
Tom still has a lot to learn to speak French.
Tom still has a lot to learn.
Tom still has a slight limp.
Tom still has a way to go.
Tom still has all the letters that Mary sent him.
Tom still has an edge.
Tom still has an office in Australia.
Tom still has an office in Boston.
Tom still has big plans.
Tom still has chores to do.
Tom still has feelings for Mary.
Tom still has feelings for you.
Tom still has great vitality for his age.
Tom still has hair, but his brother is completely bald.
Tom still has headaches.
Tom still has his coat on.
Tom still has it.
Tom still has many friends in Australia.
Tom still has many friends in Boston.
Tom still has many of the same problems he's always had.
Tom still has many problems.
Tom still has many things to do.
Tom still has my bicycle.
Tom still has my umbrella.
Tom still has nightmares about it.
Tom still has nightmares about this.
Tom still has nightmares.
Tom still has no idea what's going on.
Tom still has no idea why Mary did that.
Tom still has no idea why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom still has one more month to go before he graduates.
Tom still has one person he can always count on.
Tom still has opportunities.
Tom still has plenty to say.
Tom still has questions.
Tom still has some time.
Tom still has some unfinished business.
Tom still has that guitar that you gave him.
Tom still has the bicycle that I lent him.
Tom still has the book I lent him.
Tom still has the car his father gave him three years ago.
Tom still has the guitar that you gave him.
Tom still has the guitar you gave him.
Tom still has the knapsack his father gave him.
Tom still has the knapsack that his father gave him.
Tom still has things that need to be done.
Tom still has things to do.
Tom still has thirty dollars left.
Tom still has three more years to serve.
Tom still has three servants.
Tom still has time to do that before 2:30.
Tom still has time to get home before 2:30.
Tom still has to do it.
Tom still has to do that, I think.
Tom still has to do that, doesn't he?
Tom still has to do that.
Tom still has to finish doing that.
Tom still has to finish painting the fence.
Tom still has to fix this somehow.
Tom still has to go to Australia.
Tom still has to go to Boston.
Tom still has to pack his suitcase.
Tom still has to pay the bill.
Tom still has to read three more chapters.
Tom still has to talk to Mary about that.
Tom still has to talk to Mary.
Tom still has to tell Mary what to do.
Tom still has trouble tying his own shoes.
Tom still has unfinished business.
Tom still has wet hair.
Tom still has work to do.
Tom still hasn't abandoned hope.
Tom still hasn't accepted responsibility.
Tom still hasn't admitted he was the one who did that.
Tom still hasn't admitted that he was the one who did that.
Tom still hasn't agreed to do that.
Tom still hasn't answered me.
Tom still hasn't answered my email.
Tom still hasn't answered my questions.
Tom still hasn't apologized to Mary.
Tom still hasn't apologized to me.
Tom still hasn't apologized.
Tom still hasn't arrived.
Tom still hasn't been able to do that.
Tom still hasn't been accepted.
Tom still hasn't been found.
Tom still hasn't bought Mary a birthday present.
Tom still hasn't bought a birthday present for Mary.
Tom still hasn't bought everything he needs.
Tom still hasn't bought the bread.
Tom still hasn't bought what he needs.
Tom still hasn't called.
Tom still hasn't cleaned his room.
Tom still hasn't come back home yet.
Tom still hasn't come back home.
Tom still hasn't come back.
Tom still hasn't come home.
Tom still hasn't come to.
Tom still hasn't completely recovered.
Tom still hasn't decided what he's going to do.
Tom still hasn't decided what to do.
Tom still hasn't decided what to eat.
Tom still hasn't decided what to wear.
Tom still hasn't decided where he wants to go to college.
Tom still hasn't decided who he's going to ask to the prom.
Tom still hasn't done everything he has to do.
Tom still hasn't done everything we asked him to do.
Tom still hasn't done his homework.
Tom still hasn't done that yet.
Tom still hasn't done that, has he?
Tom still hasn't done that.
Tom still hasn't done what I asked him to do.
Tom still hasn't done what he was supposed to do.
Tom still hasn't done what he's supposed to do.
Tom still hasn't done what we asked him to do.
Tom still hasn't done what we've asked him to do.
Tom still hasn't done what you asked him to do.
Tom still hasn't dug up the potatoes.
Tom still hasn't eaten dinner.
Tom still hasn't eaten the cookies that you gave him.
Tom still hasn't eaten the cookies that you made for him.
Tom still hasn't eaten the cookies you gave him.
Tom still hasn't eaten the cookies you made for him.
Tom still hasn't fed the chickens.
Tom still hasn't fed the dog.
Tom still hasn't finished his homework.
Tom still hasn't finished.
Tom still hasn't forgiven Mary for doing that.
Tom still hasn't forgiven Mary.
Tom still hasn't forgiven me.
Tom still hasn't found a good job.
Tom still hasn't found his passport.
Tom still hasn't found the courage to talk to the children about death.
Tom still hasn't found the courage to talk to the kids about death.
Tom still hasn't found what he was looking for.
Tom still hasn't found what he's looking for.
Tom still hasn't given me what I asked for.
Tom still hasn't got it.
Tom still hasn't got the courage to tell Mary what he did.
Tom still hasn't gotten out of bed.
Tom still hasn't gotten over the shock.
Tom still hasn't graduated.
Tom still hasn't kissed me.
Tom still hasn't laughed.
Tom still hasn't learned how to do that correctly.
Tom still hasn't learned how to do that.
Tom still hasn't left.
Tom still hasn't looked at his mail.
Tom still hasn't made eye contact with anyone.
Tom still hasn't met Mary.
Tom still hasn't milked the cow.
Tom still hasn't moved to Australia.
Tom still hasn't moved to Boston.
Tom still hasn't mowed the lawn.
Tom still hasn't paid all his bills.
Tom still hasn't paid his rent.
Tom still hasn't paid last month's rent.
Tom still hasn't paid me.
Tom still hasn't paid this month's rent.
Tom still hasn't planted the corn.
Tom still hasn't quite learned the rules of the game.
Tom still hasn't read his mail.
Tom still hasn't regained consciousness.
Tom still hasn't reimbursed me.
Tom still hasn't replaced the light bulb in his room.
Tom still hasn't replied to my message.
Tom still hasn't replied to my text.
Tom still hasn't responded to my email.
Tom still hasn't responded.
Tom still hasn't returned home.
Tom still hasn't returned.
Tom still hasn't rung.
Tom still hasn't said anything to me about that.
Tom still hasn't said anything to me.
Tom still hasn't said he's sorry.
Tom still hasn't sharpened the knives.
Tom still hasn't shaved.
Tom still hasn't shown me how to do that.
Tom still hasn't shown up.
Tom still hasn't taken down his Christmas tree.
Tom still hasn't taken out the garbage.
Tom still hasn't taken the garbage out.
Tom still hasn't taken the trash out.
Tom still hasn't talked to Mary about that.
Tom still hasn't talked to Mary.
Tom still hasn't tied the knot.
Tom still hasn't told me how to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me the reason why he isn't going to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me the reason why he's not going to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me what he plans to do.
Tom still hasn't told me what to do.
Tom still hasn't told me why he didn't have to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he didn't need to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he didn't want to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he doesn't have to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he doesn't need to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he doesn't want to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he had to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he has to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he isn't going to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he needed to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he needs to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he wanted to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he wants to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he won't do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he's going to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he's not going to do that.
Tom still hasn't told us anything.
Tom still hasn't understood how it works.
Tom still hasn't voted.
Tom still hasn't washed his car.
Tom still hasn't washed his clothes.
Tom still hasn't washed the car.
Tom still hasn't washed the dishes.
Tom still hasn't weeded the garden.
Tom still hasn't woken up.
Tom still hasn’t found a good job.
Tom still hasn’t found what he’s looking for.
Tom still hasn’t quite learned the rules of the game.
Tom still hates Mary.
Tom still hates me.
Tom still hopes Mary can do that.
Tom still hopes Mary will do that for him.
Tom still hopes Mary will do that.
Tom still hopes Mary will eat lunch with him.
Tom still hopes Mary will win.
Tom still hopes he can do that someday.
Tom still hopes he can do that.
Tom still hopes he can take care of himself.
Tom still hopes he can win.
Tom still hopes he'll be allowed to do that.
Tom still hopes that Mary can win.
Tom still hopes that Mary will do that for him.
Tom still hopes that he'll be allowed to do that.
Tom still hopes that they'll let him do that.
Tom still hopes that'll happen.
Tom still hopes they'll let him do that.
Tom still hopes to do that.
Tom still hopes to win.
Tom still hopes you can take care of his dog while he's away.
Tom still ignores me.
Tom still intends to go.
Tom still intends to join the team.
Tom still is a good friend of mine.
Tom still isn't able to make himself understood in French.
Tom still isn't an absolute vegetarian, but he prefers meatless food.
Tom still isn't back. Where is he?
Tom still isn't comfortable with the idea.
Tom still isn't completely convinced.
Tom still isn't convinced.
Tom still isn't entirely comfortable with this.
Tom still isn't fluent in French.
Tom still isn't good at playing the flute.
Tom still isn't happy with how things are going.
Tom still isn't happy.
Tom still isn't here yet.
Tom still isn't here.
Tom still isn't online.
Tom still isn't quite convinced.
Tom still isn't so busy.
Tom still isn't sure what he should do.
Tom still isn't sure what to do.
Tom still isn't sure.
Tom still isn't taking us seriously.
Tom still isn't totally convinced.
Tom still isn't totally persuaded.
Tom still isn't used to the way things work here.
Tom still isn't very good at French.
Tom still isn't very good at chess.
Tom still isn't very good at cooking.
Tom still isn't very good at doing that.
Tom still isn't very good at driving.
Tom still isn't very good at playing the flute.
Tom still isn't very good at skiing.
Tom still isn't very good at swimming.
Tom still isn't very good at volleyball.
Tom still isn't very good at windsurfing.
Tom still just wants to stay at home all day.
Tom still just wants to stay in bed.
Tom still laughs about it.
Tom still like to do that sometimes.
Tom still likes Mary.
Tom still likes to do that sometimes.
Tom still likes to go out drinking with his friends, but he only drinks one beer when he does.
Tom still lives across the street from us.
Tom still lives at home.
Tom still lives by himself.
Tom still lives here.
Tom still lives in Australia with his mother.
Tom still lives in Australia with his parents.
Tom still lives in Australia.
Tom still lives in Boston with his father.
Tom still lives in Boston with his parents.
Tom still lives in Boston.
Tom still lives in the Boston area.
Tom still lives in the house he was born in.
Tom still lives in the same house he used to.
Tom still lives in the same house that his parents bought when he was three years old.
Tom still lives in the same neighborhood as Mary.
Tom still lives on Park Street.
Tom still lives there.
Tom still lives with his mother.
Tom still lives with his parents.
Tom still looked puzzled.
Tom still looks angry.
Tom still looks busy.
Tom still looks confused.
Tom still looks depressed.
Tom still looks doubtful.
Tom still looks good.
Tom still looks great.
Tom still looks puzzled.
Tom still looks sleepy.
Tom still looks surprised.
Tom still looks tired.
Tom still looks unhappy.
Tom still looks upset.
Tom still looks very tired.
Tom still looks young.
Tom still loved Mary.
Tom still loves Mary a lot.
Tom still loves Mary even though she doesn't love him anymore.
Tom still loves Mary, and I think she still loves him.
Tom still loves Mary.
Tom still loves his job.
Tom still loves it here.
Tom still loves me, I hope.
Tom still loves you.
Tom still makes mistakes in French.
Tom still makes mistakes when he speaks French.
Tom still manages to do that quite well.
Tom still manages to do that very well.
Tom still may do that.
Tom still may not do that.
Tom still may win.
Tom still might cry.
Tom still might die.
Tom still might do it.
Tom still might do that.
Tom still might not agree to do that.
Tom still might not do that.
Tom still might not win.
Tom still might sing a few songs for us tonight.
Tom still might win.
Tom still misses Mary a lot.
Tom still misses Mary.
Tom still misses you.
Tom still needs a lot of practice.
Tom still needs more training.
Tom still needs practice.
Tom still needs to ask to Mary.
Tom still needs to do that, I think.
Tom still needs to do that, doesn't he?
Tom still needs to do that.
Tom still needs to fill in these forms.
Tom still needs to find Mary.
Tom still needs to go.
Tom still needs to rest.
Tom still needs to talk to Mary.
Tom still needs to tell Mary what to do.
Tom still needs to tell Mary.
Tom still needs work.
Tom still needs your help.
Tom still owes Mary 2,000 dollars.
Tom still owes Mary a lot of money.
Tom still owes Mary money.
Tom still owes me $300.
Tom still owes me a lot of money.
Tom still owes me money.
Tom still owes me some money.
Tom still owes me three hundred dollars.
Tom still owns a house on Park Street.
Tom still plans on doing that.
Tom still plans on going.
Tom still plans to do that.
Tom still plans to go swimming this afternoon.
Tom still plans to go.
Tom still plans to win.
Tom still plays golf, doesn't he?
Tom still plays golf.
Tom still plays soccer.
Tom still plays tennis.
Tom still plays the tuba.
Tom still plays the violin, doesn't he?
Tom still plays the violin.
Tom still refused to do so.
Tom still refuses to do that.
Tom still refuses to speak French.
Tom still remembers his first kiss.
Tom still remembers his grandfather.
Tom still remembers you.
Tom still rides the bicycle that his parents gave him when he was thirteen years old.
Tom still runs the company.
Tom still says he doesn't blame me.
Tom still says that he didn't do anything wrong.
Tom still scares me.
Tom still seeks your approval.
Tom still seems afraid of Mary.
Tom still seems anxious.
Tom still seems concerned.
Tom still seems confused.
Tom still seems shaken.
Tom still seems to be asleep.
Tom still seems to be in love with Mary.
Tom still seems to be sleeping.
Tom still seems upset.
Tom still sings.
Tom still sleeps next to his mom.
Tom still sleeps with a teddy bear.
Tom still smokes.
Tom still sometimes cries.
Tom still sometimes does that.
Tom still sometimes remembers that he loves you.
Tom still sometimes speaks French.
Tom still sometimes studies French.
Tom still sometimes wins.
Tom still sometimes writes to me.
Tom still speaks French almost every day.
Tom still speaks French every day.
Tom still speaks French, but he's forgotten a lot.
Tom still speaks French, but not very often.
Tom still speaks French.
Tom still stank, even though he had taken a shower.
Tom still struggles with that problem.
Tom still studies French a lot.
Tom still studies French every evening for thirty minutes.
Tom still studies French.
Tom still sucks his thumb.
Tom still talks about Mary all the time.
Tom still talks about you.
Tom still teaches French, I think.
Tom still teaches French, doesn't he?
Tom still teaches French, right?
Tom still teaches French.
Tom still technically owns this place.
Tom still thinks I'm working for Mary.
Tom still thinks Mary likes him.
Tom still thinks Mary wants to do that.
Tom still thinks it's a good idea.
Tom still thinks that Mary wants to do that.
Tom still thinks we're friends.
Tom still travels quite a lot.
Tom still uses Windows 95.
Tom still uses Windows XP.
Tom still uses a typewriter.
Tom still uses an old dial phone.
Tom still uses an old dial telephone.
Tom still uses an old telephone with a dial.
Tom still uses dial-up Internet.
Tom still uses that.
Tom still wanted to do that.
Tom still wanted to play.
Tom still wants Mary to help him do that.
Tom still wants Mary.
Tom still wants more.
Tom still wants something to eat.
Tom still wants that.
Tom still wants to be on our team.
Tom still wants to be part of Mary's life.
Tom still wants to come.
Tom still wants to do that someday.
Tom still wants to do that with Mary.
Tom still wants to do that, I think.
Tom still wants to do that, doesn't he?
Tom still wants to do that.
Tom still wants to go out with you.
Tom still wants to go sailing with Mary.
Tom still wants to go to Australia.
Tom still wants to go to Boston.
Tom still wants to go to camping this weekend.
Tom still wants to help Mary.
Tom still wants to leave.
Tom still wants to talk to Mary.
Tom still wants you to help Mary.
Tom still wants you to help him.
Tom still wears a mask.
Tom still wears a wedding ring even though he's divorced.
Tom still wets the bed.
Tom still won't discuss what happened.
Tom still won't talk about what happened.
Tom still works as a plumber.
Tom still works at the pub he worked at as a student.
Tom still works at the pub he worked at during his student days.
Tom still works at the same bar he worked at when he was a college student.
Tom still works at the same bar that he worked at when he was a college student.
Tom still works at the same restaurant where Mary works.
Tom still works for us.
Tom still works here, doesn't he?
Tom still works here, right?
Tom still works here.
Tom still works in Boston.
Tom still works several days a week.
Tom still works there.
Tom still works.
Tom still writes poems.
Tom still writes songs.
Tom still writes to me from time to time.
Tom still writes to me sometimes.
Tom stinks at chemistry.
Tom stinks like a skunk.
Tom stinks.
Tom stirred around in bed.
Tom stirred his coffee before drinking it.
Tom stirred his coffee with a spoon.
Tom stirred his coffee.
Tom stirred his tea.
Tom stirred the paint before using it.
Tom stirred the soup with a spoon.
Tom stirred the soup with his spoon.
Tom stirred the soup.
Tom stirred the spaghetti sauce while his mother set the table.
Tom stirred up the crowd with his moving speech.
Tom stocked the shelves.
Tom stoked up his oven with the wood he had gathered.
Tom stole John's girlfriend.
Tom stole Mary's bicycle.
Tom stole Mary's butter on a regular basis.
Tom stole Mary's candy.
Tom stole Mary's car from her garage.
Tom stole Mary's car.
Tom stole Mary's computer.
Tom stole Mary's gloves.
Tom stole Mary's heart.
Tom stole Mary's idea.
Tom stole Mary's keys.
Tom stole Mary's lunch from the office refrigerator.
Tom stole Mary's lunch money.
Tom stole Mary's lunch.
Tom stole Mary's money.
Tom stole Mary's necklace.
Tom stole Mary's package off her doorstep.
Tom stole Mary's passport.
Tom stole Mary's phone and took a bunch of selfies before sneaking it back into her purse.
Tom stole Mary's phone.
Tom stole Mary's purse.
Tom stole Mary's sandwich.
Tom stole Mary's shoes.
Tom stole Mary's sunglasses.
Tom stole Mary's trumpet.
Tom stole Mary's umbrella.
Tom stole Mary's watch.
Tom stole Mary’s computer.
Tom stole a bag full of sandwiches.
Tom stole a base.
Tom stole a bike.
Tom stole a boat.
Tom stole a book from the library.
Tom stole a camera.
Tom stole a car and drove it to Chicago.
Tom stole a car in Boston and drove it to Chicago.
Tom stole a car in Boston.
Tom stole a car.
Tom stole a forklift truck from the store at night.
Tom stole a gun.
Tom stole a horse from his neighbour.
Tom stole a horse.
Tom stole a lot of money from Mary.
Tom stole a lot of money.
Tom stole a motor scooter.
Tom stole a police car.
Tom stole a precious stone and pawned it.
Tom stole a truck from his neighbor's farm.
Tom stole a very valuable diamond ring.
Tom stole a wallet from someone on the bus.
Tom stole a wheel of cheese and ran out of the shop with it.
Tom stole all my money.
Tom stole all of Mary's money.
Tom stole all of Mary’s money.
Tom stole all our money.
Tom stole all the cash that was in the safe.
Tom stole all the money he could find.
Tom stole an apple.
Tom stole eight hundred and forty dollars' worth of government property.
Tom stole everything.
Tom stole for Mary.
Tom stole from Mary.
Tom stole from both the rich and the poor.
Tom stole from his own children.
Tom stole from me.
Tom stole her money.
Tom stole her ring.
Tom stole his dad's credit card.
Tom stole his father's car.
Tom stole his ring.
Tom stole it.
Tom stole jewelry.
Tom stole money from Mary's purse.
Tom stole money from Mary.
Tom stole money from his friends.
Tom stole money from his mother's purse.
Tom stole money from his roommate.
Tom stole money from me.
Tom stole money from us.
Tom stole money.
Tom stole my bag.
Tom stole my ballpoint pen.
Tom stole my bicycle.
Tom stole my bike.
Tom stole my boat.
Tom stole my camera.
Tom stole my candy.
Tom stole my car.
Tom stole my clothes.
Tom stole my drawing.
Tom stole my drawings.
Tom stole my girlfriend.
Tom stole my hat.
Tom stole my heart.
Tom stole my idea.
Tom stole my job.
Tom stole my knife.
Tom stole my money.
Tom stole my mother's booze.
Tom stole my nose. Can you ask him to give it back?
Tom stole my pants.
Tom stole my pen.
Tom stole my phone.
Tom stole my purse.
Tom stole my sandwich.
Tom stole my shoe.
Tom stole my shoes.
Tom stole my slingshot.
Tom stole my sock.
Tom stole my socks.
Tom stole my spotlight.
Tom stole my umbrella.
Tom stole my wallet from me.
Tom stole my wallet.
Tom stole my watch.
Tom stole one of my shoes.
Tom stole one of our goats.
Tom stole our car.
Tom stole second base.
Tom stole several credit cards to fund his addiction.
Tom stole some alcohol from his parents and thought that they wouldn't notice.
Tom stole some blueberries.
Tom stole some books from the library.
Tom stole some clothes.
Tom stole some food off of Mary's plate.
Tom stole some food.
Tom stole some guns.
Tom stole some hens from one of our neighbors.
Tom stole some money from Mary's purse.
Tom stole some money from Mary.
Tom stole some money from his father's wallet.
Tom stole some money from his mother's purse.
Tom stole some money from me.
Tom stole some of Mary's money.
Tom stole some of my ideas.
Tom stole some of my stuff.
Tom stole some of my things.
Tom stole some old coins from Mary's house.
Tom stole some stuff from me.
Tom stole some things from me.
Tom stole some things of mine.
Tom stole some things out of Mary's garage.
Tom stole some tools from Vladimir's shop.
Tom stole some tools.
Tom stole someone's wallet.
Tom stole something from Mary.
Tom stole something from me.
Tom stole something from my house.
Tom stole something from the store where Mary works.
Tom stole something of mine.
Tom stole something.
Tom stole supplies.
Tom stole that idea from Mary.
Tom stole that.
Tom stole the cash that was in Mary's desk drawer.
Tom stole the diamond.
Tom stole the gun.
Tom stole the money.
Tom stole the necklace.
Tom stole the ogre's boots.
Tom stole the pass.
Tom stole the ring.
Tom stole the show.
Tom stole things.
Tom stole this recipe from Mary.
Tom stole thousands of dollars.
Tom stole three hundred dollars from Mary.
Tom stole three pairs of my shoes.
Tom stole twenty euros from Mary's purse.
Tom stole two bases.
Tom stole your bike.
Tom stole your car.
Tom stole your money.
Tom stole your ring.
Tom stole.
Tom stomped his foot angrily.
Tom stomped on the brake pedal and screeched to a halt.
Tom stomped on the brakes.
Tom stomped on the ground.
Tom stomped out of the room angrily.
Tom stomped out of the room.
Tom stood Mary up.
Tom stood a few feet away from Mary.
Tom stood a short way off.
Tom stood all by himself.
Tom stood alone at the edge of the pier.
Tom stood alone on his balcony overlooking the ocean.
Tom stood alone under a big clock in the deserted train station.
Tom stood alone.
Tom stood and looked at Mary staring at herself in the mirror.
Tom stood and put on his coat.
Tom stood as I approached.
Tom stood aside for Mary to enter.
Tom stood aside to let Mary through the door.
Tom stood at the bar having a drink.
Tom stood at the counter, talking to the receptionist.
Tom stood at the door, flipping the light switch on and off.
Tom stood at the edge of the clearing.
Tom stood at the open window.
Tom stood at the sink, washing his hands.
Tom stood at the window and, in the fading light, began to play the trumpet.
Tom stood at the window with a mournful expression on his face.
Tom stood back.
Tom stood behind Mary.
Tom stood behind a counter.
Tom stood behind his mother.
Tom stood behind me.
Tom stood behind the counter.
Tom stood behind the desk.
Tom stood behind the locked door, trembling with fear.
Tom stood beside Mary.
Tom stood between John and Mary.
Tom stood between Mary and John.
Tom stood between his father and mother.
Tom stood between us.
Tom stood by Mary.
Tom stood by and said nothing.
Tom stood by himself across the little gravel path near the fence.
Tom stood by himself next to the lamppost.
Tom stood by himself.
Tom stood by me.
Tom stood by the fire, warming his hands.
Tom stood by the gate, drinking from a water bottle.
Tom stood by.
Tom stood close to Mary.
Tom stood close to his wife.
Tom stood facing the wall.
Tom stood frozen.
Tom stood gazing at the painting.
Tom stood guard.
Tom stood his ground.
Tom stood in a line for three hours.
Tom stood in front of Maria as Johannes threatened her with a pistol.
Tom stood in front of Mary.
Tom stood in front of a full-length mirror, looking at himself.
Tom stood in front of me.
Tom stood in front of the class and recited the poem.
Tom stood in front of the department store, waiting for it to open.
Tom stood in front of the microphone.
Tom stood in front of the mirror and Mary stood in front of him in the mirror.
Tom stood in front of the mirror, staring at himself.
Tom stood in front of the mirror.
Tom stood in front of the padlocked door and wondered who had the key.
Tom stood in front the mirror, looking at himself.
Tom stood in line for an hour.
Tom stood in line for three hours.
Tom stood in line to buy a ticket.
Tom stood in line with his father.
Tom stood in line.
Tom stood in silence for a moment.
Tom stood in the back of the room.
Tom stood in the center of the living room.
Tom stood in the corner by himself.
Tom stood in the corner of the room by himself.
Tom stood in the corner of the room with a gin and tonic in his hand.
Tom stood in the corner of the room.
Tom stood in the dark.
Tom stood in the doorway for a moment before entering the room.
Tom stood in the doorway.
Tom stood in the entrance, glaring menacingly at Mary.
Tom stood in the middle of the room.
Tom stood in the moonlight.
Tom stood in the queue.
Tom stood in the rain for hours.
Tom stood just a few feet away from Mary.
Tom stood leaning against the entrance smoking his clay pipe.
Tom stood looking at the painting.
Tom stood looking out one of the windows.
Tom stood looking out the window.
Tom stood me up.
Tom stood motionless, listening carefully.
Tom stood motionless, waiting for his turn.
Tom stood motionless.
Tom stood near Mary.
Tom stood near the door.
Tom stood near the gate wringing his hands nervously.
Tom stood near the window.
Tom stood nearby.
Tom stood next to Mary, whispering into her ear.
Tom stood next to Mary.
Tom stood next to himself in an Indian file.
Tom stood next to his wife.
Tom stood next to the window.
Tom stood on a chair so he could reach the top shelf.
Tom stood on his head.
Tom stood on his tiptoes.
Tom stood on the edge of his farmland.
Tom stood on the edge of the cliff, looking out at the sea.
Tom stood on the hill.
Tom stood on the mountaintop and confessed his love of Mary to the sky.
Tom stood on the platform in Westminster Underground Station.
Tom stood on the platform of Westminster's Underground Station.
Tom stood on the platform, waiting for the train to arrive.
Tom stood on the scales.
Tom stood on the sidewalk talking to Mary.
Tom stood on the table to change the lightbulb.
Tom stood on the weighing scales.
Tom stood outside the restaurant for a long time before entering.
Tom stood over Mary with a gun.
Tom stood over Mary with a knife.
Tom stood over there for a long time, waiting for Mary.
Tom stood over there for a long time.
Tom stood perfectly still, hoping he wouldn't be noticed.
Tom stood perfectly still.
Tom stood quickly.
Tom stood quietly.
Tom stood right behind Mary.
Tom stood rigid.
Tom stood silent for a moment.
Tom stood silently.
Tom stood steadfast in his decision.
Tom stood stiffly.
Tom stood still and didn't say a word.
Tom stood still and listened.
Tom stood still for a moment.
Tom stood still with his eyes closed.
Tom stood still.
Tom stood there envying the other boys who were all riding tricycles.
Tom stood there flabbergasted.
Tom stood there for a long time without saying anything.
Tom stood there for a moment without saying a thing.
Tom stood there for a while.
Tom stood there in the rain with a smile on his face.
Tom stood there looking at me.
Tom stood there, holding a glass of champagne.
Tom stood there, saying nothing.
Tom stood there, waiting to cross the busy road.
Tom stood there.
Tom stood trial for armed robbery.
Tom stood unannounced at the door, demanding to be let in.
Tom stood up again.
Tom stood up and clapped.
Tom stood up and exited the room.
Tom stood up and followed Mary out of the office.
Tom stood up and got out of the tub.
Tom stood up and headed for the bathroom.
Tom stood up and headed for the door.
Tom stood up and headed toward the door.
Tom stood up and introduced himself to everyone in the room.
Tom stood up and left.
Tom stood up and looked about.
Tom stood up and looked around.
Tom stood up and put on his hat.
Tom stood up and reached for his hat.
Tom stood up and spoke.
Tom stood up and started a slow clap.
Tom stood up and then everybody else stood up as well.
Tom stood up and then everyone else stood up, too.
Tom stood up and took a deep breath.
Tom stood up and walked into the kitchen.
Tom stood up and walked out of the room.
Tom stood up and walked to the bar.
Tom stood up and walked to the door.
Tom stood up and walked to the window.
Tom stood up and went to the door to let Mary in.
Tom stood up and went to the door.
Tom stood up and went to the window.
Tom stood up for Mary.
Tom stood up for himself.
Tom stood up for his friend who was being bullied.
Tom stood up for his rights.
Tom stood up for me.
Tom stood up for what is right.
Tom stood up for what was right.
Tom stood up from his chair.
Tom stood up from the lounge chair.
Tom stood up slowly.
Tom stood up suddenly.
Tom stood up to go.
Tom stood up to leave.
Tom stood up to sing.
Tom stood up, but then sat down again.
Tom stood up.
Tom stood very close to Mary.
Tom stood watching.
Tom stood with a camera crew in Invalidenstraße waiting for the first citizens of the GDR to arrive in West Berlin.
Tom stood with his back to the building.
Tom stood with his back to the wall.
Tom stood with his hands on his hips.
Tom stood with his phone pressed to his ear, looking miserable.
Tom stood, facing Mary.
Tom stood, too.
Tom stood.
Tom stooped and picked up the coin.
Tom stooped down to grab it.
Tom stooped down to pick it up.
Tom stooped to pick up a coin he saw on the sidewalk.
Tom stooped to pick up a stick.
Tom stopped Mary before she could do any damage.
Tom stopped Mary before she could make a mess of it all.
Tom stopped Mary before she could say anything.
Tom stopped Mary from doing that.
Tom stopped Mary.
Tom stopped a few metres ahead of her.
Tom stopped a few metres away from her.
Tom stopped abruptly.
Tom stopped and cleared his throat.
Tom stopped and looked around him.
Tom stopped and looked around.
Tom stopped and looked at Mary.
Tom stopped and looked at me.
Tom stopped and looked up.
Tom stopped and stared at Mary.
Tom stopped and turned around to see if anyone was following him.
Tom stopped arguing.
Tom stopped at a convenience store to buy some milk.
Tom stopped at a convenience store to get a drink.
Tom stopped at a convenience store.
Tom stopped at a pharmacy to get some medicine.
Tom stopped at a rest area.
Tom stopped at a store on the way home to buy beer.
Tom stopped at his grandfather's farm on his way to Boston.
Tom stopped at the convenience store for gas and water.
Tom stopped at the foot of the stairs.
Tom stopped at the red light.
Tom stopped at the stop sign.
Tom stopped at the top of the stairs.
Tom stopped at the water fountain to get a drink.
Tom stopped believing in medicine a long time ago.
Tom stopped bidding.
Tom stopped breathing.
Tom stopped by Mary's house.
Tom stopped by Mary's store to buy sugar.
Tom stopped by a while ago.
Tom stopped by again today.
Tom stopped by my house.
Tom stopped by occasionally to fix things for Mary.
Tom stopped by the drugstore to buy some medicine.
Tom stopped by to check on Mary.
Tom stopped by today.
Tom stopped by without an appointment.
Tom stopped by.
Tom stopped caring.
Tom stopped celebrating Christmas.
Tom stopped clapping.
Tom stopped cleaning.
Tom stopped cold.
Tom stopped crying after his mother kissed his skinned knee.
Tom stopped crying and began to smile.
Tom stopped crying as soon as he saw Mary and John.
Tom stopped crying.
Tom stopped cursing.
Tom stopped dancing.
Tom stopped dead in his tracks.
Tom stopped digging.
Tom stopped doing his homework and turned off the light.
Tom stopped doing krokodil when his arms rotted down to the bone.
Tom stopped doing that for three months.
Tom stopped doing that months ago.
Tom stopped doing that.
Tom stopped drinking coffee completely.
Tom stopped drinking two gallons of milk a day.
Tom stopped drinking.
Tom stopped drumming.
Tom stopped eating.
Tom stopped everything.
Tom stopped fighting.
Tom stopped for something to eat on his way home.
Tom stopped going there.
Tom stopped going to church about the time he graduated from college.
Tom stopped going to church after his wife died.
Tom stopped hanging out with her.
Tom stopped helping them.
Tom stopped here.
Tom stopped himself from kissing Mary.
Tom stopped himself.
Tom stopped his car alongside a young lady who was standing on the pavement. He wound down his window. "I'm lost," he declared. "Could you tell me how to get to King Street?"
Tom stopped his car and got out.
Tom stopped his car.
Tom stopped hitting Mary as soon as John walked into the room.
Tom stopped hitting Mary when he noticed people were watching.
Tom stopped immediately.
Tom stopped in Boston on his way back from a business trip to Australia.
Tom stopped in front of Mary's house and got out of his car.
Tom stopped in front of us.
Tom stopped in his tracks.
Tom stopped in the middle of the intersection.
Tom stopped in the middle of the road.
Tom stopped in the nick of time.
Tom stopped instantly.
Tom stopped it.
Tom stopped kissing Mary as soon as he saw John staring at them.
Tom stopped kissing Mary when he heard the door opening.
Tom stopped knocking on the door as soon as he realized Mary wasn't home.
Tom stopped knocking on the door as soon as he realized that Mary wasn't home.
Tom stopped laughing when he noticed Mary was crying.
Tom stopped laughing.
Tom stopped learning Spanish and started to learn Hungarian.
Tom stopped listening to the radio.
Tom stopped listening.
Tom stopped looking for the treasure and went back home.
Tom stopped me from doing that.
Tom stopped me from doing what I wanted to do.
Tom stopped me from entering the bank.
Tom stopped me from leaving the classroom.
Tom stopped me.
Tom stopped mid kiss.
Tom stopped mid-kiss.
Tom stopped midkiss.
Tom stopped moving.
Tom stopped on his way home to buy beer.
Tom stopped on his way home to buy some meat and vegetables for dinner.
Tom stopped over in Boston for three days on his way to Australia.
Tom stopped pacing.
Tom stopped painting.
Tom stopped paying for that.
Tom stopped playing the piano as soon as we walked into the room.
Tom stopped playing.
Tom stopped protesting.
Tom stopped reading and went to sleep.
Tom stopped reading for a moment.
Tom stopped reading his book and looked up at Mary.
Tom stopped reading the book.
Tom stopped reading.
Tom stopped recording.
Tom stopped rowing.
Tom stopped running and tried to catch his breath.
Tom stopped running.
Tom stopped saying hello.
Tom stopped screaming.
Tom stopped seeing his family.
Tom stopped shaving.
Tom stopped shivering.
Tom stopped short.
Tom stopped shouting.
Tom stopped singing when he heard the fire alarm go off.
Tom stopped singing.
Tom stopped smiling and gave me a dirty look.
Tom stopped smiling.
Tom stopped smoking cigarettes because his doctor told him to.
Tom stopped smoking for three months.
Tom stopped smoking two years ago.
Tom stopped smoking, cold turkey.
Tom stopped smoking.
Tom stopped speaking.
Tom stopped stretching.
Tom stopped struggling.
Tom stopped studying.
Tom stopped suddenly and looked around.
Tom stopped suddenly.
Tom stopped taking care of his family.
Tom stopped taking his medication.
Tom stopped taking his medicine.
Tom stopped taking his pills.
Tom stopped taking pictures.
Tom stopped talking and began to eat.
Tom stopped talking and stared at me.
Tom stopped talking as soon as Mary came into the room.
Tom stopped talking as soon as Mary entered the room.
Tom stopped talking as soon as he noticed Mary wasn't listening anymore.
Tom stopped talking as soon as he realized that Mary was no longer listening.
Tom stopped talking for a moment.
Tom stopped talking to Mary.
Tom stopped talking to me just because we disagreed on economic reform.
Tom stopped talking when Mary came into the room.
Tom stopped talking when Mary entered the room.
Tom stopped talking when Mary opened the door.
Tom stopped talking when Mary walked into the room.
Tom stopped talking when he saw Mary enter the room.
Tom stopped talking when he saw Mary.
Tom stopped talking when he saw me.
Tom stopped talking.
Tom stopped teasing me.
Tom stopped the car and got out.
Tom stopped the car and turned off the engine.
Tom stopped the car.
Tom stopped the engine.
Tom stopped the fight.
Tom stopped the timer.
Tom stopped the train by pulling the emergency brake.
Tom stopped the truck.
Tom stopped the video.
Tom stopped them just in time.
Tom stopped to buy beer.
Tom stopped to buy something to eat.
Tom stopped to catch his breath.
Tom stopped to get gas.
Tom stopped to look around.
Tom stopped to put on his shoes.
Tom stopped to rest because he was too tired.
Tom stopped to see what was happening.
Tom stopped to smell the roses.
Tom stopped to speak to Mary.
Tom stopped to take a close look at the car.
Tom stopped to take pictures.
Tom stopped to talk to Mary.
Tom stopped to talk.
Tom stopped trying.
Tom stopped typing.
Tom stopped using Facebook.
Tom stopped using animal products.
Tom stopped visiting his relatives.
Tom stopped walking.
Tom stopped watching TV.
Tom stopped watching the movie because he didn't find it interesting.
Tom stopped watching the movie because he found it boring.
Tom stopped what he was doing and answered his phone.
Tom stopped what he was doing and looked at Mary.
Tom stopped what he was doing and looked up at Mary.
Tom stopped what he was doing.
Tom stopped when he heard his name being called.
Tom stopped working and he lacks money now.
Tom stopped working and sat down.
Tom stopped working out at the gym.
Tom stopped working.
Tom stopped writing.
Tom stopped yelling.
Tom stopped.
Tom stops by from time to time.
Tom stored away the books he seldom read in large cardboard boxes which he put in stacks of two against the wall.
Tom stored away the books he seldom read in large cardboard boxes, stacking them in pairs against the wall.
Tom stored his old books under his bed.
Tom stores most of his data in the cloud.
Tom stormed back into the room.
Tom stormed into his office and slammed the door.
Tom stormed into the kitchen.
Tom stormed into the office.
Tom stormed into the room.
Tom stormed off in a huff.
Tom stormed off.
Tom stormed out in disgust.
Tom stormed out of the building.
Tom stormed out of the house.
Tom stormed out of the meeting.
Tom stormed out of the office.
Tom stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind him.
Tom stormed out of the room.
Tom stormed out the door.
Tom straightened his glasses.
Tom straightened his tie.
Tom straightened the knot on his tie.
Tom straightened up his bedroom.
Tom straightened up his desk.
Tom straightened up his room.
Tom straightened up, and tossed a monkey wrench into the tool box.
Tom strained his back.
Tom strangled Mary to death.
Tom strangled Mary with a rope.
Tom strangled Mary.
Tom strapped himself in.
Tom strategically labels himself a centrist in order to mainstream some of the most outlandish far-right ideas.
Tom stressed his position hadn't changed.
Tom stressed that he did that by himself.
Tom stressed that he didn't want to do that.
Tom stressed that he thought doing that would be dangerous.
Tom stressed that his position hadn't changed.
Tom stretched and took a deep breath.
Tom stretched himself out.
Tom stretched his arms high above his head.
Tom stretched his legs.
Tom stretched out his arms.
Tom stretched out his hands.
Tom stretched out his legs.
Tom stretched out on a beach towel.
Tom stretched out on the couch after dinner.
Tom stretched out on the couch and fell asleep.
Tom stretched out on the couch.
Tom stretched out on the floor and fell asleep.
Tom stretched out on the grass and fell asleep.
Tom stretched out on the sofa and fell asleep.
Tom strikes me as pretty secure.
Tom stripped himself naked.
Tom stripped off his clothes and got into the bathtub.
Tom stripped off his dirty clothes and threw them into the washing machine.
Tom strives to promote the development of Merry's aesthetic taste.
Tom strode ahead with strides so big that I had trouble keeping up with him.
Tom strode into the office.
Tom stroked Mary's hair.
Tom stroked his beard.
Tom stroked his chin in thought.
Tom stroked his chin thoughtfully. Then, as though struck by a flash of inspiration, he raised his forefinger, sprang from his chair and, speaking with great earnestness, launched himself about the room in meaningful strides before the assembled. "Gentlemen! We are far too complicated in our thinking. We ought to consider the situation from the humble perspective of a squirrel."
Tom stroked his goatee and nodded.
Tom stroked the cat's head.
Tom stroked the cat's soft fur.
Tom stroked the colt.
Tom stroked the filly.
Tom stroked the foal.
Tom stroked the horse's head.
Tom stroked the horse's muzzle.
Tom stroked the horse's neck.
Tom stroked the horse.
Tom strolled down the street.
Tom strongly advised Mary not to do that.
Tom strongly advised Mary to do that.
Tom strongly advised against doing that.
Tom strongly advised against it.
Tom strongly advised me not to do that.
Tom strongly advised me to do that.
Tom strongly disagrees.
Tom strongly objected to our doing that.
Tom strongly opposed our proposal.
Tom struck Mary.
Tom struck a match and lit his pipe.
Tom struck a match to light his pipe.
Tom struck a match.
Tom struck an optimistic note.
Tom struck me.
Tom struck out thirty times last season.
Tom struck out three and walked three.
Tom struck out three times.
Tom struck out.
Tom struck the match, but it didn't light.
Tom struck the pinata.
Tom struck the wall with his fist.
Tom struck up a conversation with Mary.
Tom struck up a conversation with a stranger.
Tom struggled desperately for a breath of air.
Tom struggled desperately to free himself.
Tom struggled frantically to get out of the cave before high tide would flood it.
Tom struggled frantically.
Tom struggled not to cry.
Tom struggled not to laugh.
Tom struggled not to smile.
Tom struggled to assemble the Ikea furniture.
Tom struggled to break free.
Tom struggled to breathe.
Tom struggled to climb to the top.
Tom struggled to complete his dissertation.
Tom struggled to complete the report on time.
Tom struggled to do that.
Tom struggled to express how he felt.
Tom struggled to free himself.
Tom struggled to get free.
Tom struggled to get out of bed.
Tom struggled to get to his feet.
Tom struggled to get up off the floor.
Tom struggled to get up.
Tom struggled to his feet.
Tom struggled to improve himself.
Tom struggled to justify what he'd done.
Tom struggled to keep a straight face.
Tom struggled to keep calm.
Tom struggled to keep from crying.
Tom struggled to keep his composure.
Tom struggled to keep his eyes open.
Tom struggled to keep his head above water.
Tom struggled to keep the farm running.
Tom struggled to keep up with Mary.
Tom struggled to keep up with class assignments.
Tom struggled to keep up with his class.
Tom struggled to keep up with his classmates.
Tom struggled to keep up with the coursework.
Tom struggled to keep up with the rest of the class.
Tom struggled to keep up.
Tom struggled to learn algebra.
Tom struggled to learn how to read.
Tom struggled to lift himself out of the freezing water.
Tom struggled to lift the heavy dumbbell.
Tom struggled to make ends meet.
Tom struggled to make friends at first.
Tom struggled to make friends.
Tom struggled to meet the deadline.
Tom struggled to pay his bills.
Tom struggled to raise his children on his own.
Tom struggled to save himself.
Tom struggled to sit up.
Tom struggled to stay afloat.
Tom struggled to stay focused.
Tom struggled to stay in control.
Tom struggled to talk.
Tom struggled to touch his toes.
Tom struggled to walk again after the accident.
Tom struggled unsuccessfully.
Tom struggled with a lot of things.
Tom struggled with depression.
Tom struggled with drug addiction.
Tom struggled with dyslexia as a child.
Tom struggled with exam pressure day and night.
Tom struggled with his assailant and managed to escape.
Tom struggled with that.
Tom struggled with the tape measure.
Tom struggled with this.
Tom struggled.
Tom struggles at school.
Tom struggles in school.
Tom struggles to make ends meet.
Tom struggles to pay his bills.
Tom struggles to pay his rent.
Tom struggles with an eating disorder.
Tom struggles with depression.
Tom struggles with spelling.
Tom struggles with this concept.
Tom strummed his guitar.
Tom strummed the guitar.
Tom strung a clothesline between the two trees.
Tom strung the tree with lights.
Tom strung up a hammock between two trees and took a nap.
Tom stubbed his toe when he got up in the night to go to the toilet.
Tom stubbed his toe.
Tom stubbed out his cigarette.
Tom stuck Mary with the bill.
Tom stuck a flower in his buttonhole.
Tom stuck a fork in my arm.
Tom stuck a fork into the electrical socket.
Tom stuck a gun to Mary's head.
Tom stuck a handwritten sign on the door.
Tom stuck a marshmallow at the end of the stick.
Tom stuck a marshmallow on the end of the stick.
Tom stuck a poster on the wall.
Tom stuck around to see if he could help.
Tom stuck around.
Tom stuck by me.
Tom stuck his arms out to keep his balance.
Tom stuck his fingers in his ears.
Tom stuck his fingers in his mouth.
Tom stuck his grocery list to the fridge door with a magnet.
Tom stuck his hand in his pocket.
Tom stuck his hands in his pockets.
Tom stuck his head out the window.
Tom stuck his knife into the tree.
Tom stuck his nose where it didn't belong.
Tom stuck his nose where it didn’t belong.
Tom stuck his pencil behind his ear.
Tom stuck his tongue out at Mary.
Tom stuck his tongue out.
Tom stuck it out.
Tom stuck out his hand, and Mary shook it.
Tom stuck out his tongue and took a selfie.
Tom stuck out his tongue at Mary.
Tom stuck out his tongue to try and catch snowflakes.
Tom stuck out his tongue.
Tom stuck out like a sore thumb.
Tom stuck the broken pieces together.
Tom stuck to his guns.
Tom stuck to his job.
Tom stuck to his plan.
Tom stuck to his promise.
Tom stuck up for me.
Tom stuck with Mary.
Tom stuck with his plan.
Tom studied Egyptology.
Tom studied English at the University of Oxford.
Tom studied French a long time ago.
Tom studied French after dinner while his mother washed dishes.
Tom studied French ages ago.
Tom studied French at university.
Tom studied French diligently.
Tom studied French for a few years.
Tom studied French for a long time.
Tom studied French for a while.
Tom studied French for a year.
Tom studied French for many years.
Tom studied French for three hours last night.
Tom studied French for three hours this morning.
Tom studied French for three years.
Tom studied French in college.
Tom studied French in school.
Tom studied French last night until midnight.
Tom studied French last night.
Tom studied French longer than Mary, but he's not as fluent as her.
Tom studied French seriously.
Tom studied French with Mary.
Tom studied French yesterday.
Tom studied French.
Tom studied German in college.
Tom studied Japanese literature at university.
Tom studied Mary's face.
Tom studied Mary's résumé.
Tom studied abroad.
Tom studied after dinner.
Tom studied all night long.
Tom studied all night the night before the test.
Tom studied all night.
Tom studied ampelography.
Tom studied applied mathematics and physics at Oxford University.
Tom studied architecture at a university in Australia.
Tom studied architecture.
Tom studied armchair law at the University of Wikipedia.
Tom studied art in Australia.
Tom studied art in Boston.
Tom studied art in college.
Tom studied art.
Tom studied at Harvard.
Tom studied at a university in Australia.
Tom studied biology.
Tom studied chemistry.
Tom studied criminal behavior.
Tom studied economics at university.
Tom studied economics in college.
Tom studied economics.
Tom studied electrical engineering in college.
Tom studied engineering abroad.
Tom studied engineering.
Tom studied for the French exam.
Tom studied for the exam.
Tom studied geology.
Tom studied gorillas for three years.
Tom studied hard and passed the test.
Tom studied hard for the exam.
Tom studied hard for the test, but he failed it anyway.
Tom studied hard for the test.
Tom studied hard in order to pass the test.
Tom studied hard so he could get into college.
Tom studied hard so he wouldn't fail.
Tom studied hard to become a doctor.
Tom studied hard to pass the test.
Tom studied hard, but he still failed the test.
Tom studied hard, but not hard enough.
Tom studied hard.
Tom studied harder.
Tom studied her face.
Tom studied in Australia.
Tom studied in Boston for a few years.
Tom studied in Boston.
Tom studied in Rome.
Tom studied in the college library.
Tom studied journalism in Boston.
Tom studied journalism.
Tom studied law at Harvard.
Tom studied linguistics in college.
Tom studied literature in college.
Tom studied mechanical engineering in college.
Tom studied medicine in Boston.
Tom studied medicine.
Tom studied music theory.
Tom studied nutrition and he always knows what he is eating.
Tom studied on his own.
Tom studied philosophy at college.
Tom studied philosophy at the university.
Tom studied philosophy in college.
Tom studied philosophy, law, and medicine, and, unfortunately, he isn't any smarter than before.
Tom studied psychiatry in Boston.
Tom studied psychiatry.
Tom studied psychology in college.
Tom studied psychology.
Tom studied the French for several years.
Tom studied the diagram.
Tom studied the document carefully.
Tom studied the footprint.
Tom studied the map to see if he could find a shorter way to get to where he wanted to go.
Tom studied the menu.
Tom studied the problem.
Tom studied the reports.
Tom studied the sentences all week so he should have been able to write all correctly.
Tom studied theology.
Tom studied to be a doctor.
Tom studied to be an engineer.
Tom studied until three in the morning.
Tom studied until two in the morning.
Tom studied very hard.
Tom studied yesterday.
Tom studied, but he didn't study as much as he should've.
Tom studied.
Tom studies Australian history in France.
Tom studies French about three hours every day.
Tom studies French after dinner every day.
Tom studies French as well.
Tom studies French at least thirty minutes a day.
Tom studies French every day.
Tom studies French every evening for thirty minutes.
Tom studies French every evening.
Tom studies French every morning before he goes to work.
Tom studies French every morning.
Tom studies French for about half an hour every morning before breakfast.
Tom studies French for about three hours a day.
Tom studies French for an hour every day before dinner.
Tom studies French for an hour every day before supper.
Tom studies French history in Australia.
Tom studies French linguistics.
Tom studies French online.
Tom studies French, too.
Tom studies French.
Tom studies after dinner.
Tom studies all the time.
Tom studies archaeology.
Tom studies archeology.
Tom studies at Harvard.
Tom studies at our school.
Tom studies before dinner.
Tom studies biology.
Tom studies chemistry.
Tom studies economics.
Tom studies every day.
Tom studies fifteen languages, with good help from Tatoeba.
Tom studies geography.
Tom studies geology.
Tom studies hard every day.
Tom studies hard.
Tom studies harder than Mary.
Tom studies harder than anyone else I know.
Tom studies here.
Tom studies in Boston.
Tom studies in Germany, but he doesn't speak any German. As the German language keeps disappearing more and more from the lecture halls, he doesn't really need to.
Tom studies in his room.
Tom studies in the afternoon.
Tom studies in the bathroom. He says it's the quietest room in the house.
Tom studies in the library.
Tom studies in the park.
Tom studies journalism in Boston.
Tom studies journalism.
Tom studies mathematics.
Tom studies more than I do.
Tom studies much harder now than before.
Tom studies much harder now than he used to.
Tom studies on Saturdays.
Tom studies on the bus.
Tom studies philosophy at college.
Tom studies philosophy at uni.
Tom studies philosophy at university.
Tom studies philosophy in college.
Tom studies theology.
Tom studies very hard.
Tom stuffed a handful of popcorn into his mouth.
Tom stuffed a rag in the hole.
Tom stuffed his cargo pants so full that he felt like a dreadnought.
Tom stuffed his handkerchief in his pocket.
Tom stuffed his hands in his pockets.
Tom stuffed the money into his pocket.
Tom stuffed too much mayo in his sandwich.
Tom stumbled across a dead body in the woods.
Tom stumbled after her.
Tom stumbled along the street.
Tom stumbled and almost fell.
Tom stumbled and fell backward.
Tom stumbled and fell flat on his face.
Tom stumbled and fell.
Tom stumbled back home.
Tom stumbled backwards.
Tom stumbled down the road.
Tom stumbled down the stairs.
Tom stumbled home.
Tom stumbled out into the street.
Tom stumbled out of bed.
Tom stumbled out the door.
Tom stumbled over a rock.
Tom stumbled over something on the floor.
Tom stumbled over something on the ground.
Tom stumbled through the door.
Tom stumbled through the snow.
Tom stumbled.
Tom stumbles and falls. Cursing, he picks himself up, brushing off his pants.
Tom stumped Mary.
Tom stunned Mary.
Tom stuttered as a child.
Tom stuttered.
Tom stutters when he gets nervous.
Tom stutters when he's nervous.
Tom stutters when speaking English, but not when speaking French.
Tom stutters.
Tom subdued Mary.
Tom submitted a detailed report.
Tom submitted a list of topics for possible inclusion on the agenda for the annual general meeting.
Tom submitted an improvement proposal.
Tom submitted his application on time.
Tom submitted his manuscript in 2013.
Tom submitted his resignation.
Tom subsequently moved to Boston.
Tom substituted margarine for butter.
Tom succeeded because he had a lot of help.
Tom succeeded because he worked hard.
Tom succeeded in culturing the new microorganism.
Tom succeeded in finding a new job in Boston.
Tom succeeded in getting elected.
Tom succeeded in getting the truth from Mary.
Tom succeeded on his third try.
Tom succeeded, despite the difficulties.
Tom succeeded, in spite of the difficulties.
Tom succeeded.
Tom successfully carried the state with nearly sixty percent of the total statewide vote.
Tom successfully completed the program.
Tom successfully convinced many people he possessed paranormal powers.
Tom successfully convinced many people that he possessed paranormal powers.
Tom successfully passed the exam.
Tom succumbed to his wounds.
Tom succumbed to temptation.
Tom succumbed to the temptation.
Tom sucked his thumb until he was three.
Tom sucked his thumb.
Tom sucker punched his opponent.
Tom sucks his thumb.
Tom sucks.
Tom suddenly abandoned the Esperanto movement.
Tom suddenly appeared like a knight in shining armor riding to her rescue.
Tom suddenly appeared.
Tom suddenly attacked Mary.
Tom suddenly backed off.
Tom suddenly barged into the room.
Tom suddenly became a genius after hitting his head on a rock in an bike accident.
Tom suddenly became aware that he wasn't indifferent to Mary.
Tom suddenly became famous.
Tom suddenly became quiet.
Tom suddenly became sick.
Tom suddenly became very busy.
Tom suddenly blushed and looked away.
Tom suddenly burst out laughing.
Tom suddenly changed his mind.
Tom suddenly collapsed.
Tom suddenly disappeared and nobody knows where he is.
Tom suddenly disappeared and nobody knows where.
Tom suddenly disappeared, and nobody knows where to.
Tom suddenly disappeared.
Tom suddenly fainted.
Tom suddenly fell ill.
Tom suddenly fell sick.
Tom suddenly fell silent.
Tom suddenly felt cold.
Tom suddenly felt embarrassed.
Tom suddenly felt hungry.
Tom suddenly felt like he was going to faint.
Tom suddenly felt self-conscious.
Tom suddenly felt shy.
Tom suddenly felt tired.
Tom suddenly felt very uncomfortable.
Tom suddenly flew to France and slapped the shopkeeper who insulted him on his honeymoon.
Tom suddenly flung the door open.
Tom suddenly found himself at an unknown place.
Tom suddenly found no pleasure in his new hobby.
Tom suddenly got a cramp in the middle of the lake.
Tom suddenly got happy when Mary walked into the room.
Tom suddenly got incredibly nervous.
Tom suddenly got sick.
Tom suddenly got up from his chair.
Tom suddenly got up.
Tom suddenly got very angry.
Tom suddenly got very scared.
Tom suddenly had to leave.
Tom suddenly kissed me.
Tom suddenly looked concerned.
Tom suddenly looked worried.
Tom suddenly lost consciousness.
Tom suddenly noticed someone waving to him.
Tom suddenly opened fire.
Tom suddenly quit.
Tom suddenly realised that what he was doing was very dangerous.
Tom suddenly realized Mary loved him.
Tom suddenly realized he loved Mary.
Tom suddenly realized he was in danger.
Tom suddenly realized he was wrong.
Tom suddenly realized he wasn't alone.
Tom suddenly realized his state of undress.
Tom suddenly realized something was wrong.
Tom suddenly realized that Mary loved him.
Tom suddenly realized that Mary wasn't in the room anymore.
Tom suddenly realized that he loved Mary.
Tom suddenly realized that he was in danger.
Tom suddenly realized that he was wrong.
Tom suddenly realized that he wasn't alone.
Tom suddenly realized that something strange was happening.
Tom suddenly realized that something was wrong.
Tom suddenly realized that the attraction was mutual.
Tom suddenly realized that what he was doing was very dangerous.
Tom suddenly realized the attraction was mutual.
Tom suddenly realized what Mary was thinking.
Tom suddenly realized what he had just done.
Tom suddenly realized what he was doing was very dangerous.
Tom suddenly rose from his chair.
Tom suddenly sat up in the chair.
Tom suddenly seized me by the arm.
Tom suddenly slammed on the brakes to avoid hitting a dog.
Tom suddenly slapped his forehead.
Tom suddenly slapped me.
Tom suddenly sneezed.
Tom suddenly started crying.
Tom suddenly started screaming obscenities.
Tom suddenly started to cry.
Tom suddenly started trembling.
Tom suddenly started yelling.
Tom suddenly stood up.
Tom suddenly stopped dead in his tracks.
Tom suddenly stopped fighting.
Tom suddenly stopped in his tracks.
Tom suddenly stopped laughing.
Tom suddenly stopped smiling.
Tom suddenly stopped talking to me.
Tom suddenly stopped talking.
Tom suddenly stopped texting me.
Tom suddenly stopped.
Tom suddenly understood what Mary was getting at.
Tom suddenly wanted to see Mary.
Tom suddenly went crazy.
Tom suddenly went weak at the knees.
Tom sued Mary.
Tom sued Tatoeba for spreading his personal matters all over the Internet.
Tom sued his employer for wrongful termination.
Tom sued his neighbor.
Tom sued them for damages.
Tom suffered a concussion.
Tom suffered a coronary vasospasm.
Tom suffered a fatal heart attack.
Tom suffered a heart attack while shoveling snow.
Tom suffered a serious injury.
Tom suffered a severe head injury.
Tom suffered abuse.
Tom suffered an ACL injury.
Tom suffered an accident.
Tom suffered an aortic dissection and passed away.
Tom suffered an injury to his left leg and will be off the team for the next few rounds.
Tom suffered an overwhelming loss with the death of his mother.
Tom suffered bitterly.
Tom suffered concussion when he fell off the horse.
Tom suffered from a collapsed lung.
Tom suffered from a heart attack and almost died waiting for the ambulance.
Tom suffered from bone cancer.
Tom suffered from depression.
Tom suffered from migraine headaches for years.
Tom suffered from paranoia.
Tom suffered from the delusion that strangers could hear his thoughts. Of course that's nonsense.
Tom suffered in silence.
Tom suffered just a slight injury in the accident.
Tom suffered leg injuries.
Tom suffered memory loss and could not remember anything about his identity.
Tom suffered minor injuries.
Tom suffered only minor injuries.
Tom suffered quite a lot.
Tom suffered severe head injuries in a fall from his bike.
Tom suffered the most of all.
Tom suffered the most.
Tom suffers from PTSD and is plagued by nightmares.
Tom suffers from a persecution complex.
Tom suffers from a skin lesion on his back.
Tom suffers from agoraphobia.
Tom suffers from ailurophobia.
Tom suffers from anxiety.
Tom suffers from asthma.
Tom suffers from aviophobia.
Tom suffers from back pain.
Tom suffers from chronic back pain.
Tom suffers from chronic pain.
Tom suffers from claustrophobia.
Tom suffers from cynophobia.
Tom suffers from debilitating migraines.
Tom suffers from delusions.
Tom suffers from dried fig addiction.
Tom suffers from dyslexia.
Tom suffers from erectile dysfunction.
Tom suffers from flatulence.
Tom suffers from gout.
Tom suffers from hay fever.
Tom suffers from headaches.
Tom suffers from homophobia.
Tom suffers from insomnia.
Tom suffers from low self-esteem.
Tom suffers from mathematical anxiety.
Tom suffers from memory loss.
Tom suffers from multiple sclerosis.
Tom suffers from narcissistic personality disorder.
Tom suffers from narcolepsy.
Tom suffers from night terrors.
Tom suffers from ophidiophobia.
Tom suffers from osteoporosis.
Tom suffers from paranoia.
Tom suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder and is plagued by nightmares.
Tom suffers from several disorders of the metabolism.
Tom suffers from sleep apnea.
Tom suffers from social anxiety.
Tom suffers from species dysphoria.
Tom suffers from stage fright.
Tom suffers from various metabolic disorders.
Tom suffocated Mary with a feather pillow.
Tom suffocated Mary with a plastic bag.
Tom suffocated Mary.
Tom suggested Adam not to eat that fruit.
Tom suggested I ask you for advice.
Tom suggested I get a less stressful job.
Tom suggested I go to Australia with Mary.
Tom suggested I go to Australia with him.
Tom suggested I go to Boston with Mary.
Tom suggested I go with him to Australia.
Tom suggested I go with him to Boston.
Tom suggested I learn French.
Tom suggested I not do that again.
Tom suggested I stay in Boston for another month.
Tom suggested I steam vegetables rather than boil them.
Tom suggested a compromise.
Tom suggested a few names Mary could give her cat.
Tom suggested a few places where I could stay.
Tom suggested a plan similar to mine.
Tom suggested a quick game of tennis before supper.
Tom suggested a solution.
Tom suggested a spelling bee to the death.
Tom suggested another plan to the committee.
Tom suggested doing it tomorrow.
Tom suggested going to Australia for the summer.
Tom suggested going to Boston for the summer.
Tom suggested going to another supermarket instead.
Tom suggested going to the movies.
Tom suggested it would be wise to do that.
Tom suggested it.
Tom suggested paying the ransom.
Tom suggested several ways that this could be done.
Tom suggested that Ann should sell the house.
Tom suggested that I accompany Mary to the party.
Tom suggested that I agree to do that.
Tom suggested that I change the lock on my door.
Tom suggested that I do that right away.
Tom suggested that I do that tomorrow instead of today.
Tom suggested that I do that.
Tom suggested that I do whatever I wanted to do.
Tom suggested that I go to Australia with Mary.
Tom suggested that I go to Australia with him.
Tom suggested that I go to Boston with Mary.
Tom suggested that I go to Boston with him.
Tom suggested that I go to a movie with Mary.
Tom suggested that I go to the store with Mary.
Tom suggested that I go with him to Australia.
Tom suggested that I learn French.
Tom suggested that I might want to take all my money out of that bank.
Tom suggested that I not buy a secondhand computer.
Tom suggested that I not do that again.
Tom suggested that I not do that anymore.
Tom suggested that I not do that.
Tom suggested that I not hug Mary anymore.
Tom suggested that I not send the letter I'd written.
Tom suggested that I paint my room a light blue.
Tom suggested that I read the contract again.
Tom suggested that I read the contract very carefully.
Tom suggested that I see a therapist.
Tom suggested that I should clean my office.
Tom suggested that I stay in Boston for another month.
Tom suggested that I steam vegetables rather than boil them.
Tom suggested that I study French.
Tom suggested that I take Mary to an art museum.
Tom suggested that I try doing that.
Tom suggested that I wait until the new model came out before I bought an iPhone.
Tom suggested that I write Mary a letter.
Tom suggested that I write a message to Mary.
Tom suggested that I write to Mary.
Tom suggested that Mary and I do that by ourselves.
Tom suggested that Mary see a doctor.
Tom suggested that Mary should resign from her current job and find another one.
Tom suggested that Mary sing the new song she'd been practicing.
Tom suggested that Mary spend the night with him.
Tom suggested that Mary take an umbrella with her.
Tom suggested that since Mary didn't want to go, he should just stay home with her.
Tom suggested that the meeting be postponed until Monday.
Tom suggested that the meeting be postponed until next Monday.
Tom suggested that they convert the old church into a concert hall.
Tom suggested that we begin at once.
Tom suggested that we call Mary.
Tom suggested that we calm down.
Tom suggested that we cancel the meeting.
Tom suggested that we change the schedule.
Tom suggested that we do it tomorrow.
Tom suggested that we do that quickly.
Tom suggested that we do that the day after tomorrow instead of tomorrow.
Tom suggested that we do that together.
Tom suggested that we do that while we're here in Australia.
Tom suggested that we do that.
Tom suggested that we don't watch this movie.
Tom suggested that we drive here.
Tom suggested that we eat together.
Tom suggested that we get an earlier start.
Tom suggested that we give it a try.
Tom suggested that we go downtown.
Tom suggested that we go fishing tomorrow.
Tom suggested that we go for a swim.
Tom suggested that we go for a walk.
Tom suggested that we go home and wait.
Tom suggested that we go out to eat.
Tom suggested that we go skating tomorrow.
Tom suggested that we go swimming.
Tom suggested that we go there together.
Tom suggested that we go to Australia together.
Tom suggested that we go to Boston together.
Tom suggested that we go to that new Chinese restaurant on Park Street.
Tom suggested that we go to the movies.
Tom suggested that we go to the park.
Tom suggested that we go to the zoo.
Tom suggested that we go together.
Tom suggested that we have a farewell party for Mary.
Tom suggested that we help you pull weeds.
Tom suggested that we leave before it got dark.
Tom suggested that we leave early.
Tom suggested that we leave right away before it started to rain.
Tom suggested that we not do that.
Tom suggested that we not watch that movie.
Tom suggested that we postpone the meeting.
Tom suggested that we should all go to the beach tomorrow.
Tom suggested that we should do it tomorrow.
Tom suggested that we should leave earlier than we'd originally planned.
Tom suggested that we should leave early.
Tom suggested that we should postpone our trip.
Tom suggested that we should stop what we were doing.
Tom suggested that we sing together.
Tom suggested that we speak French.
Tom suggested that we start at once.
Tom suggested that we stay at his house instead of a hotel.
Tom suggested that we stay.
Tom suggested that we study French.
Tom suggested that we surprise you.
Tom suggested that we take a break.
Tom suggested that we take a short break.
Tom suggested that we take a short rest.
Tom suggested that we travel together.
Tom suggested that we try doing this a different way.
Tom suggested that we visit Australia.
Tom suggested that we wait here.
Tom suggested that what Mary did was intentional.
Tom suggested that you don't do that.
Tom suggested that you might enjoy going to the zoo with us.
Tom suggested that.
Tom suggested the idea to Mary.
Tom suggested this.
Tom suggested to Mary that she apologize and make amends.
Tom suggested to Mary that she apologize to John.
Tom suggested to Mary that she go there by bicycle.
Tom suggested to Mary that she leave early.
Tom suggested to Mary that she offer John a cup of coffee.
Tom suggested to Mary that she stay away from John.
Tom suggested to Mary that she study harder.
Tom suggested to Mary that they move to Australia.
Tom suggested to Mary that they move to Boston.
Tom suggested ways we could save money.
Tom suggested we agree to do that.
Tom suggested we begin at once.
Tom suggested we calm down.
Tom suggested we come back tomorrow.
Tom suggested we do it tomorrow.
Tom suggested we do that by ourselves.
Tom suggested we do that together.
Tom suggested we do that tomorrow.
Tom suggested we do that while we're here in Australia.
Tom suggested we do that while we're here in Boston.
Tom suggested we do that.
Tom suggested we don't watch this movie.
Tom suggested we drive here.
Tom suggested we get an earlier start.
Tom suggested we get married so that I could apply for a green card.
Tom suggested we get together for a drink later.
Tom suggested we go fishing tomorrow.
Tom suggested we go for a swim.
Tom suggested we go to Australia together.
Tom suggested we go to Australia.
Tom suggested we go to a movie.
Tom suggested we go together.
Tom suggested we help you pull weeds.
Tom suggested we leave before it got dark.
Tom suggested we leave early.
Tom suggested we leave immediately.
Tom suggested we leave.
Tom suggested we meet after school.
Tom suggested we meet.
Tom suggested we not do that.
Tom suggested we should stop what we were doing.
Tom suggested we sing.
Tom suggested we speak French.
Tom suggested we start at once.
Tom suggested we stay home and watch a movie.
Tom suggested we stay.
Tom suggested we study French.
Tom suggested we take a break.
Tom suggested we take a short break.
Tom suggested we take care of ourselves.
Tom suggested we visit Australia.
Tom suggested we visit Boston.
Tom suggested we visit that museum.
Tom suggested we wait a little longer.
Tom suggested we wait.
Tom suggested we walk home.
Tom suggested wearing warm clothes.
Tom suggests paying the ransom.
Tom suggests that we wait here.
Tom suggests to Marie that he goes shopping while she watches the children.
Tom suggests to Mary that she does the shopping while the neighbour looks after the children.
Tom suggests we should wait here.
Tom suggests we wait here.
Tom summarized it.
Tom summarized the situation.
Tom summed up the situation in very few words.
Tom summoned Mary to his office.
Tom summoned Mary.
Tom summoned a demon.
Tom summoned up enough courage to ask for a raise.
Tom summoned us.
Tom sunbathed.
Tom sunbathes naked.
Tom sunbathes stark naked.
Tom supervises the manufacturing here.
Tom supplied Mary with valuable information.
Tom supplied us with food.
Tom supported Mary's children.
Tom supported Mary.
Tom supported Vladimir's improvement proposal.
Tom supported his accusation with evidence Mary couldn't deny.
Tom supported his family by working three jobs.
Tom supported the proposal wholeheartedly.
Tom supported us.
Tom supports Mary.
Tom supports Swansea.
Tom supports his family.
Tom supports me.
Tom supports this idea.
Tom supposedly committed suicide.
Tom supposedly is very good at doing that.
Tom suppressed a grin.
Tom suppressed a smile.
Tom suppressed a yawn.
Tom suppressed his anger.
Tom suppresses his emotions.
Tom sure ate a lot. He must have been hungry.
Tom sure ate a lot. He must've been hungry.
Tom sure can cook.
Tom sure can hold a grudge.
Tom sure can play tennis.
Tom sure can sing.
Tom sure complains a lot.
Tom sure didn't do that very well.
Tom sure didn't throw the ball very well.
Tom sure does brag a lot.
Tom sure does burp a lot.
Tom sure does complain a lot.
Tom sure does eat a lot.
Tom sure does go to Australia a lot.
Tom sure does like pizza.
Tom sure does sleep a lot, doesn't he?
Tom sure does sleep a lot.
Tom sure does talk a lot, but he doesn't really say much.
Tom sure does talk a lot.
Tom sure does talk about himself a lot.
Tom sure does that a lot.
Tom sure does that well, doesn't he?
Tom sure doesn't seem very worried about what might happen.
Tom sure drinks a lot.
Tom sure goes to Australia a lot.
Tom sure goes to Boston a lot.
Tom sure has a nice job.
Tom sure has a nice scooter.
Tom sure has a nice smile.
Tom sure has done a good job.
Tom sure has managed to make a lot of money.
Tom sure has style.
Tom sure impressed my parents.
Tom sure is a contrarian, huh?
Tom sure is a fast runner.
Tom sure is a fast walker.
Tom sure is a livewire!
Tom sure is full of himself.
Tom sure is lucky.
Tom sure is motivated.
Tom sure knows how to party.
Tom sure knows how to play the guitar.
Tom sure likes oranges, doesn't he?
Tom sure likes to drink.
Tom sure looked angry.
Tom sure looked happy.
Tom sure moves quickly.
Tom sure screams a lot.
Tom sure seemed angry.
Tom sure seemed happy.
Tom sure sleeps a lot.
Tom sure spends a lot of time at Mary's house.
Tom sure studies French a lot.
Tom sure talks a lot.
Tom sure talks big.
Tom sure was angry.
Tom sure was mad.
Tom surely thought it was a good idea.
Tom surfed the large wave.
Tom surfed with dolphins.
Tom surpassed Mary.
Tom surpassed my expectations.
Tom surprised Mary by bringing her breakfast in bed.
Tom surprised Mary with a bouquet of flowers.
Tom surprised Mary with a gift.
Tom surprised Mary with a kiss on the cheek.
Tom surprised Mary with a kiss.
Tom surprised Mary with an expensive gift.
Tom surprised Mary.
Tom surprised a burglar in his house.
Tom surprised a peeping Tom in his garden.
Tom surprised all of us when he did that.
Tom surprised all of us when he went to Australia.
Tom surprised all of us when he went to Boston.
Tom surprised everybody when he did that.
Tom surprised everybody when he passed his driving test.
Tom surprised everyone when he did that.
Tom surprised everyone.
Tom surprised me a little bit.
Tom surprised me by doing that so quickly.
Tom surprised me with his calmness.
Tom surprised me.
Tom surprised us all when he got up to sing.
Tom surprised us.
Tom surprisingly won.
Tom surrendered himself to the police on Monday.
Tom surrendered to his exhaustion and finally fell asleep.
Tom surrendered to the police.
Tom surrendered.
Tom surrendered?
Tom surrounded Mary with little attentions.
Tom surrounded his wife with little attentions.
Tom surrounds himself with like-minded people.
Tom surrounds himself with yes-men.
Tom surveyed the damage.
Tom survived a bout with cancer.
Tom survived a near-fatal accident.
Tom survived a shark attack.
Tom survived a zombie apocalypse.
Tom survived being buried under an avalanche.
Tom survived for three years on a small island in the Pacific Ocean.
Tom survived his injuries.
Tom survived his injury.
Tom survived his wife by three years.
Tom survived his wife.
Tom survived the accident relatively unscathed.
Tom survived the accident with minor injuries.
Tom survived the accident.
Tom survived the attack.
Tom survived the avalanche.
Tom survived the brutal assault.
Tom survived the car crash.
Tom survived the crash unharmed.
Tom survived the crash.
Tom survived the fall.
Tom survived the heart attack.
Tom survived the high speed boating accident only because the coast guard was training nearby.
Tom survived the horrible attack.
Tom survived the incident.
Tom survived the operation.
Tom survived the plane crash.
Tom survived the surgery but got killed by a drunken driver on his way home from the hospital.
Tom survived three days in the mountains.
Tom survived three shipwrecks.
Tom survived two suicide attempts.
Tom survived unharmed.
Tom survived without a scratch.
Tom survived, but all the other passengers died.
Tom survived, even though all the other passengers were killed.
Tom survived.
Tom suspected Mary and John were dating each other.
Tom suspected Mary had a crush on him.
Tom suspected Mary had cheated on the test.
Tom suspected Mary was involved.
Tom suspected Mary was kidding.
Tom suspected Mary was lying to him.
Tom suspected Mary was lying.
Tom suspected Mary was the one who had broken the window.
Tom suspected Mary was the one who had done that.
Tom suspected Mary was the one who had spilled coffee on his computer.
Tom suspected Mary was using drugs.
Tom suspected Mary.
Tom suspected his father was dyslexic.
Tom suspected it might be a trap.
Tom suspected it was too late to help Mary.
Tom suspected something was wrong.
Tom suspected that Mary and John were dating each other.
Tom suspected that Mary came to the party to steal something.
Tom suspected that Mary had a crush on him.
Tom suspected that Mary had cheated on the test.
Tom suspected that Mary was involved.
Tom suspected that Mary was kidding.
Tom suspected that Mary was lying to him.
Tom suspected that Mary was lying.
Tom suspected that Mary was the one who had broken the window.
Tom suspected that Mary was the one who had done that.
Tom suspected that Mary was the one who had spilled coffee on his computer.
Tom suspected that Mary was using drugs.
Tom suspected that his father was dyslexic.
Tom suspected that his girlfriend was cheating on him.
Tom suspected that it might be a trap.
Tom suspected that it might be too late.
Tom suspected that it was too late to help Mary.
Tom suspected that something was wrong.
Tom suspects Mary and I are plotting something.
Tom suspects Mary is the one who stole his bicycle.
Tom suspects his neighbor of stealing his hens.
Tom suspects his wife of having an affair.
Tom suspects nothing.
Tom suspects that Mary and I are plotting something.
Tom suspects that Mary is the one who stole his bicycle.
Tom suspects that everyone is talking about him.
Tom suspended Mary.
Tom sustained a kick to the groin.
Tom sustained fatal injuries.
Tom sustained minor injuries when he was struck by a car on the pedestrian crossing.
Tom sustained minor injuries.
Tom sustained serious burns and had to go to the hospital.
Tom sustained severe injuries in the accident.
Tom sutured Mary's wound.
Tom swallowed a button! He needs to see a doctor!
Tom swallowed a chewing-gum.
Tom swallowed an aspirin tablet.
Tom swallowed hard.
Tom swallowed his chewing gum.
Tom swallowed his pride.
Tom swallowed the last of his drink.
Tom swallowed the last pill in the dosette box.
Tom swallowed the pill.
Tom swallowed the pills.
Tom swallowed their lies.
Tom swallowed.
Tom swam across the Channel.
Tom swam across the bay.
Tom swam across the pond.
Tom swam across the river.
Tom swam as far as Mary did.
Tom swam away.
Tom swam back to the shore.
Tom swam fast enough to win a medal.
Tom swam for three hours yesterday afternoon.
Tom swam for two hours this afternoon.
Tom swam in his clothes.
Tom swam in the frozen lake.
Tom swam in the lake.
Tom swam in the pond behind his house.
Tom swam in the pool.
Tom swam in the river.
Tom swam in the sea while Mary read a book under an umbrella.
Tom swam out to Mary's yacht that was anchored offshore.
Tom swam out to the ship.
Tom swam out to the yacht.
Tom swam thirty laps this morning.
Tom swam through the sea of people.
Tom swam to the other side of the river.
Tom swam to the shore.
Tom swam under the boat.
Tom swam underwater for a minute.
Tom swam until he couldn't swim anymore.
Tom swam with a sea turtle.
Tom swam with a whale shark.
Tom swam with dolphins in the open sea.
Tom swam with his son.
Tom swam with sharks.
Tom swam with the dolphins.
Tom swam with the manatee.
Tom swam with the manatees.
Tom swam with the manta rays.
Tom swam with the sea turtles.
Tom swam yesterday.
Tom swam.
Tom swatted the flies.
Tom swatted the fly.
Tom swatted the mosquito.
Tom swears a lot.
Tom swears he didn't agree to do that.
Tom swears he didn't cry.
Tom swears he didn't do that.
Tom swears he hasn't done that more than once.
Tom swears he won't cry.
Tom swears he won't do that again.
Tom swears he won't do that anymore.
Tom swears he won't do that.
Tom swears he's innocent.
Tom swears he's telling us the truth.
Tom swears like a sailor.
Tom swears that he didn't do that.
Tom swears that he hasn't done that more than once.
Tom swears the stuff is safe.
Tom swears too much.
Tom sweated.
Tom sweats a lot.
Tom sweats freely.
Tom sweats when he's stressed.
Tom sweet-talked Mary into doing that.
Tom sweetened his tea with honey; Mary didn't sweeten hers at all.
Tom swells up.
Tom swept Mary off her feet.
Tom swept all the rooms.
Tom swept every room in the house.
Tom swept it away.
Tom swept me off my feet.
Tom swept the floor and took out the garbage.
Tom swept the floor with the new broom Mary had given him.
Tom swept the floor.
Tom swept the kitchen floor while Mary washed the dishes.
Tom swept the leaves off the steps.
Tom swept the living room.
Tom swept the path in front of his house.
Tom swept the room with the new broom Mary had given him.
Tom swerved hard, losing control of his car.
Tom swerved off the road to avoid hitting a deer.
Tom swerved off the road to avoid hitting a dog.
Tom swerved to avoid hitting a pedestrian.
Tom swerved to avoid the pothole.
Tom swerved to the left.
Tom swerved to the right.
Tom swiftly approached Mary and snatched her purse from her.
Tom swims a lot better than Mary does.
Tom swims a lot better than Mary.
Tom swims almost as well as Mary does.
Tom swims almost as well as Mary.
Tom swims as fast as Mary does.
Tom swims as fast as Mary.
Tom swims as well as Mary does.
Tom swims as well as Mary.
Tom swims better than I do.
Tom swims better than Mary does.
Tom swims better than Mary.
Tom swims better than me.
Tom swims better than you might expect.
Tom swims every day in the summer.
Tom swims every day.
Tom swims every morning.
Tom swims every other day.
Tom swims for thirty minutes every day.
Tom swims here.
Tom swims in the pond behind his house almost every day.
Tom swims just about as fast as Mary.
Tom swims laps every morning before going to work.
Tom swims like a dog.
Tom swims like a fish in the water.
Tom swims like a fish.
Tom swims practically every day.
Tom swims pretty well.
Tom swims quite fast.
Tom swims quite well.
Tom swims really well.
Tom swims very fast.
Tom swims very well.
Tom swims well for his age.
Tom swims well.
Tom swims with his son every morning.
Tom swims.
Tom swindled Mary out of all her savings.
Tom swindled Mary.
Tom swings both ways.
Tom swiped the tears away with the back of his hand.
Tom switched all the lights off.
Tom switched back from veganism to vegetarianism because he missed eggs and dairy products.
Tom switched banks.
Tom switched his computer off.
Tom switched his mobile plan to a different carrier.
Tom switched his phone to manner mode before he walked into Mary's office.
Tom switched his walkie-talkie off.
Tom switched off all the lights and lit the candles.
Tom switched off all the lights.
Tom switched off his computer.
Tom switched off his light.
Tom switched off his phone.
Tom switched off his walkie-talkie.
Tom switched off the TV.
Tom switched off the dryer.
Tom switched off the lamp on the bedside table.
Tom switched off the lamp.
Tom switched off the light and left the room.
Tom switched off the light to save electricity.
Tom switched off the light.
Tom switched off the lights.
Tom switched off the motor.
Tom switched off the overhead light.
Tom switched on the TV.
Tom switched on the coffeemaker.
Tom switched on the cooler.
Tom switched on the desk lamp and started working.
Tom switched on the lights.
Tom switched on the machine.
Tom switched on the microphone.
Tom switched the TV on.
Tom switched the computer on.
Tom switched the lamp off.
Tom switched the light off and left the room.
Tom switched the lights on.
Tom switched the phone from one ear to the other.
Tom switched the wine glasses without my knowing.
Tom switched the wine glasses without my noticing.
Tom switched to English.
Tom switched to French as soon as Mary entered the room.
Tom switched to French.
Tom swiveled on his stool.
Tom swore Mary told him she'd done that.
Tom swore Mary told him that she'd done that.
Tom swore allegiance to the Ku Klux Klan.
Tom swore at Mary.
Tom swore at me.
Tom swore he did not do it more than once.
Tom swore he didn't agree to do that.
Tom swore he didn't cry.
Tom swore he didn't do that more than once.
Tom swore he didn't do that.
Tom swore he didn't tell anybody our secret.
Tom swore he didn't tell anyone our secret.
Tom swore he hadn't seen Mary all day.
Tom swore he was innocent.
Tom swore he was telling us the truth.
Tom swore he wasn't going to say anything to anybody.
Tom swore he wouldn't do that again.
Tom swore he wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom swore he wouldn't do that today.
Tom swore he wouldn't do that.
Tom swore he wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom swore he wouldn't ever do that.
Tom swore he wouldn't ever lie to me again.
Tom swore he wouldn't leave early.
Tom swore he wouldn't tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom swore he wouldn't tell Mary.
Tom swore he'd do it.
Tom swore he'd do that today.
Tom swore he'd do that.
Tom swore he'd kill Mary.
Tom swore he'd never agree to do that.
Tom swore he'd never been unfaithful.
Tom swore he'd never cry.
Tom swore he'd never do that again.
Tom swore he'd never do that anymore.
Tom swore he'd never do that to anybody.
Tom swore he'd never do that to anyone.
Tom swore he'd never do that.
Tom swore he'd never hit Mary again.
Tom swore he'd never hit me again.
Tom swore he'd never lie to me again.
Tom swore he'd wait.
Tom swore he'd win.
Tom swore his undying love to Mary.
Tom swore it was true.
Tom swore loudly.
Tom swore off alcohol.
Tom swore that Mary told him she'd done that.
Tom swore that Mary told him that she'd done that.
Tom swore that he ate at least twice as much as his wife.
Tom swore that he didn't do that more than once.
Tom swore that he didn't tell anybody our secret.
Tom swore that he didn't tell anyone our secret.
Tom swore that he had never been unfaithful.
Tom swore that he hadn't seen Mary all day.
Tom swore that he hadn't told anyone the secret.
Tom swore that he wasn't involved in anything untoward.
Tom swore that he wouldn't do that again.
Tom swore that he'd do that.
Tom swore that he'd never been unfaithful.
Tom swore that he'd never do that.
Tom swore that he'd never done that.
Tom swore that he'd quit smoking.
Tom swore that it was true.
Tom swore that the drugs weren't his.
Tom swore the drugs weren't his.
Tom swore to Mary that he wasn't the one who stole her necklace.
Tom swore to avenge his father's death.
Tom swore to himself he'd never do that again.
Tom swore to himself that he'd never do that again.
Tom swore to keep it a secret.
Tom swore to me that he will say nothing.
Tom swore when his expensive smartphone fell into the toilet.
Tom swore.
Tom swung at the gang members with a table leg.
Tom swung from bar to bar.
Tom swung his camera on his shoulder.
Tom swung the bat and hit a home run.
Tom swung the bat, but missed the ball.
Tom swung the bat.
Tom swung up into the saddle.
Tom sympathised.
Tom sympathized with Mary.
Tom sympathized.
Tom sympathizes with me.
Tom tacked something on the wall.
Tom tackled the problem immediately.
Tom tackled the problem right away.
Tom tactfully avoided answering Mary's question.
Tom tagged Mary in his tweet.
Tom tagged along.
Tom takes Mary's kindness for granted.
Tom takes a bath almost every evening.
Tom takes a bath at least three times a week.
Tom takes a bath every day just before dinner.
Tom takes a bath every day.
Tom takes a bath every evening after dinner.
Tom takes a bath every evening.
Tom takes a bath every morning.
Tom takes a bath once a year.
Tom takes a bath only once a week.
Tom takes a break every thirty minutes.
Tom takes a bus to his office.
Tom takes a bus to work.
Tom takes a long time to get ready.
Tom takes a long walk almost every day.
Tom takes a long walk along the coast every afternoon.
Tom takes a lot of medication.
Tom takes a medication for high blood pressure.
Tom takes a pill with vitamins and minerals every day.
Tom takes a power nap every day.
Tom takes a quick jog around the block every morning before breakfast.
Tom takes a shower before breakfast.
Tom takes a shower every day.
Tom takes a shower every morning before breakfast.
Tom takes a shower every morning before he goes to school.
Tom takes a shower every morning.
Tom takes a tablet containing vitamins and minerals every day.
Tom takes a ten-minute break every three hours.
Tom takes a walk almost every morning before breakfast.
Tom takes a walk every day.
Tom takes a walk every morning.
Tom takes a walk with Mary and her dog every day.
Tom takes a walk with the kids every evening.
Tom takes after his father in a lot of ways.
Tom takes after his father.
Tom takes after his mother.
Tom takes all the measures very seriously.
Tom takes ballet classes.
Tom takes big risks.
Tom takes care of Mary's daughter whenever Mary goes to Boston.
Tom takes care of Mary's dog when she's out of town.
Tom takes care of Mary's kids.
Tom takes care of Mary.
Tom takes care of himself.
Tom takes care of his sick father.
Tom takes care of me when I'm sick.
Tom takes care of me.
Tom takes care of my children.
Tom takes care of our children when we're out of town.
Tom takes care of our children.
Tom takes care of our kids.
Tom takes care of that.
Tom takes care of the kids on Monday afternoons.
Tom takes care of us.
Tom takes constructive feedback personally.
Tom takes cooking lessons once a week.
Tom takes everything as a challenge.
Tom takes everything at face value.
Tom takes everything for granted.
Tom takes everything literally.
Tom takes everything seriously.
Tom takes everything too seriously.
Tom takes everything way too seriously.
Tom takes fencing classes online.
Tom takes fencing classes.
Tom takes ferrous sulphate supplements.
Tom takes forever in the shower.
Tom takes good care of Mary.
Tom takes good care of himself.
Tom takes good care of his car.
Tom takes good care of his customers.
Tom takes good care of his horse.
Tom takes good care of his tools.
Tom takes good care of me.
Tom takes good care of the birds.
Tom takes himself awfully seriously.
Tom takes himself too seriously.
Tom takes himself very seriously.
Tom takes his camera everywhere.
Tom takes his children to the park every afternoon.
Tom takes his coffee black.
Tom takes his coffee seriously, and his go-to order is a ristretto.
Tom takes his cream and sugar with coffee.
Tom takes his cuddly toy dog with him everywhere.
Tom takes his dog everywhere he goes.
Tom takes his dog for a walk every day.
Tom takes his dog for a walk every morning.
Tom takes his dog out for a walk every morning.
Tom takes his health very seriously.
Tom takes his job seriously.
Tom takes his job very seriously.
Tom takes his notes in Tengwar.
Tom takes his stuffed animal wherever he goes.
Tom takes his teddy bear with him wherever he goes.
Tom takes his ukulele with him everywhere he goes.
Tom takes judo classes every Thursday.
Tom takes me everywhere I need to go.
Tom takes me to school.
Tom takes medicine for high blood pressure.
Tom takes no responsibility for that.
Tom takes notes in French.
Tom takes offence at the slightest thing.
Tom takes offense at the slightest thing.
Tom takes on the tastes and opinions of whoever he's dating.
Tom takes online courses.
Tom takes out the trash every day at six.
Tom takes piano lessons once a week.
Tom takes piano lessons three times a week.
Tom takes piano lessons.
Tom takes pride in his work.
Tom takes pride in maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
Tom takes private French lessons.
Tom takes revenge on me.
Tom takes several mental health days off work each year, because his job is so stressful.
Tom takes singing lessons.
Tom takes six tablets every morning after breakfast.
Tom takes steroids.
Tom takes supplements.
Tom takes tap dancing lessons twice a week.
Tom takes the bus to the city.
Tom takes the bus to work if he's going to have a few drinks with his mates after work.
Tom takes the bus to work.
Tom takes the children to school every morning.
Tom takes the dog for a walk every afternoon after school.
Tom takes the kids to school every morning.
Tom takes the kids to the school every day.
Tom takes the lead!
Tom takes the train every day.
Tom takes the trash out every day at six o'clock.
Tom takes the whole matter very seriously.
Tom takes time every evening to unwind and reflect.
Tom takes too many chances.
Tom takes trumpet lessons every Monday.
Tom takes very good care of his belongings.
Tom takes very good care of his car.
Tom takes very good care of his horse.
Tom takes vitamin and mineral pills every day.
Tom takes vitamins.
Tom takes yoga very seriously.
Tom talked Mary into baking a cake for John's birthday party.
Tom talked Mary into buying a new computer.
Tom talked Mary into buying his old car.
Tom talked Mary into doing it.
Tom talked Mary into doing that for him.
Tom talked Mary into doing that.
Tom talked Mary into donating some money.
Tom talked Mary into eating lunch with him.
Tom talked Mary into going out for coffee.
Tom talked Mary into going to Australia with him.
Tom talked Mary into going to Boston with him.
Tom talked Mary into going to the concert with him.
Tom talked Mary into going.
Tom talked Mary into helping him wash the car.
Tom talked Mary into helping him.
Tom talked Mary into inviting John to the party.
Tom talked Mary into joining our band.
Tom talked Mary into quitting her job.
Tom talked Mary into taking the job.
Tom talked Mary out of doing that.
Tom talked Mary out of quitting her job.
Tom talked a lot.
Tom talked about Australia.
Tom talked about Boston.
Tom talked about Mary all afternoon.
Tom talked about Mary behind her back.
Tom talked about Mary for over three hours.
Tom talked about Mary.
Tom talked about animals.
Tom talked about becoming a monk.
Tom talked about dark things, but was actually a saintly person and just bored.
Tom talked about growing up in Australia.
Tom talked about growing up in Boston.
Tom talked about himself.
Tom talked about his expectations.
Tom talked about his experiences.
Tom talked about his family.
Tom talked about his father.
Tom talked about his feelings.
Tom talked about his girlfriend.
Tom talked about his job.
Tom talked about his latest conquest.
Tom talked about his life in Boston.
Tom talked about his school.
Tom talked about his son.
Tom talked about his trip.
Tom talked about how much he loved Mary.
Tom talked about killing his father.
Tom talked about music.
Tom talked about school.
Tom talked about sports.
Tom talked about that.
Tom talked about the rules.
Tom talked about things that interested him.
Tom talked about what had happened.
Tom talked about you all the time.
Tom talked about you.
Tom talked all night.
Tom talked and I listened.
Tom talked and Mary listened.
Tom talked and talked, and wouldn't let Mary get a word in edgeways.
Tom talked as he walked.
Tom talked as if he knew everything.
Tom talked away the entire night.
Tom talked for a long time, but didn't really say much.
Tom talked for a long time, but didn’t really say much.
Tom talked for three hours non-stop.
Tom talked his daughter out of marrying John.
Tom talked in his sleep.
Tom talked into the fan to distort his voice.
Tom talked into the fan.
Tom talked loudly on the train.
Tom talked loudly.
Tom talked me into doing it.
Tom talked me into going to church with him.
Tom talked me into going.
Tom talked me into it.
Tom talked me into joining his club.
Tom talked me into learning French with him.
Tom talked me into staying another night.
Tom talked me into studying French with him.
Tom talked me out of it.
Tom talked my ear off.
Tom talked my ears off.
Tom talked non-stop for three hours. It was impossible to get a word in edgeways.
Tom talked nonstop for a full hour.
Tom talked nonstop for three hours.
Tom talked the whole time.
Tom talked them out of it.
Tom talked to Mary Monday afternoon.
Tom talked to Mary about John.
Tom talked to Mary about her plans.
Tom talked to Mary about his plans.
Tom talked to Mary about that, didn't he?
Tom talked to Mary about that.
Tom talked to Mary about the robbery.
Tom talked to Mary about things he usually kept to himself.
Tom talked to Mary after class.
Tom talked to Mary almost every day.
Tom talked to Mary as well.
Tom talked to Mary before class.
Tom talked to Mary briefly.
Tom talked to Mary every day.
Tom talked to Mary for a few minutes.
Tom talked to Mary for a minute.
Tom talked to Mary in French.
Tom talked to Mary just about every day.
Tom talked to Mary last night.
Tom talked to Mary late into the night.
Tom talked to Mary on the phone.
Tom talked to Mary on the telephone.
Tom talked to Mary quietly.
Tom talked to Mary yesterday.
Tom talked to Mary's neighbors and asked them if they knew where she'd gone.
Tom talked to Mary, didn't he?
Tom talked to Mary, too.
Tom talked to Mary.
Tom talked to Mary’s neighbors and asked them if they knew where she’d gone.
Tom talked to a lot of people.
Tom talked to a police inspector about the plot.
Tom talked to all the people there.
Tom talked to everybody at the party.
Tom talked to everyone at the party.
Tom talked to himself as he did the dishes.
Tom talked to himself as he washed the dishes.
Tom talked to himself as he watered the plants.
Tom talked to his doctor about that.
Tom talked to his dog and his dog seemed to understand him.
Tom talked to many people.
Tom talked to me about Mary.
Tom talked to me about his plans.
Tom talked to me about that already.
Tom talked to me as well.
Tom talked to me for a solid hour.
Tom talked to me today.
Tom talked to me.
Tom talked to some of Mary's friends.
Tom talked to someone in the park.
Tom talked to the bartender.
Tom talked to the boys he met in the park.
Tom talked to the boys that he met in the park.
Tom talked to the operator to make a long distance phone call.
Tom talked to the operator to make a phone call.
Tom talked to the police.
Tom talked to the press.
Tom talked to the teacher.
Tom talked to the waiter in French.
Tom talked to us.
Tom talked too much and let the secret slip.
Tom talked too much.
Tom talked very quickly.
Tom talked with Mary about it.
Tom talked with Mary about that.
Tom talked with Mary all night.
Tom talked with Mary for nearly an hour.
Tom talked with Mary yesterday.
Tom talked with Mary.
Tom talked with his friend until his ears bled.
Tom talked with his friends about it.
Tom talked with his friends yesterday.
Tom talked with me about that.
Tom talked with me.
Tom talked.
Tom talks a big game for someone who still lives with his parents.
Tom talks a lot about Australia.
Tom talks a lot about his father.
Tom talks a lot like his father.
Tom talks a lot.
Tom talks a mile a minute.
Tom talks about Australia a lot.
Tom talks about Boston a lot.
Tom talks about Mary a lot.
Tom talks about Mary all the time.
Tom talks about Mary almost all the time.
Tom talks about baseball all the time.
Tom talks about basketball all the time.
Tom talks about his ex-girlfriend a lot.
Tom talks about his ex-wife a lot.
Tom talks about his work.
Tom talks about that a lot.
Tom talks about that all the time.
Tom talks about this a lot.
Tom talks about you a lot.
Tom talks about you all the time.
Tom talks all the time.
Tom talks as if he already knows the secret.
Tom talks as if he knows everything.
Tom talks as if he were a girl.
Tom talks as if he were a teacher.
Tom talks big.
Tom talks fast.
Tom talks faster than Mary does.
Tom talks funny.
Tom talks in his sleep.
Tom talks like a book and writes like he's talking to his friends at happy hour.
Tom talks like a book, specifically Finnegans Wake.
Tom talks like a book.
Tom talks like a cartoon villain sometimes.
Tom talks like a child.
Tom talks like a girl.
Tom talks like a robot.
Tom talks like an old man.
Tom talks like he knows everything.
Tom talks nineteen to the dozen.
Tom talks out of both sides of his mouth.
Tom talks out of his ass a lot.
Tom talks quickly.
Tom talks quite a lot, doesn't he?
Tom talks quite a lot.
Tom talks really fast.
Tom talks relatively fast, doesn't he?
Tom talks rubbish.
Tom talks to Mary a lot.
Tom talks to Mary almost every day.
Tom talks to Mary every Monday.
Tom talks to Mary every day.
Tom talks to Mary every night on the phone.
Tom talks to Mary in French.
Tom talks to Mary just about every day.
Tom talks to Tom (the other one).
Tom talks to almost everybody he passes on the road.
Tom talks to almost everybody he passes on the street.
Tom talks to almost everybody that he passes on the road.
Tom talks to almost everybody that he passes on the street.
Tom talks to almost everyone he passes on the road.
Tom talks to almost everyone he passes on the street.
Tom talks to almost everyone he that passes on the road.
Tom talks to almost everyone he that passes on the street.
Tom talks to everybody.
Tom talks to everyone.
Tom talks to himself all the time.
Tom talks to himself.
Tom talks to his dog in French.
Tom talks to his mother more often than he talks to his father.
Tom talks to his parents in French.
Tom talks to just about everybody he passes on the road.
Tom talks to just about everybody he passes on the street.
Tom talks to just about everybody that he passes on the road.
Tom talks to just about everybody that he passes on the street.
Tom talks to just about everyone he passes on the road.
Tom talks to just about everyone he passes on the street.
Tom talks to just about everyone he that passes on the road.
Tom talks to just about everyone he that passes on the street.
Tom talks to me a lot.
Tom talks to me every day.
Tom talks to plants.
Tom talks to you more than he talks to any other girl.
Tom talks too fast.
Tom talks too much.
Tom talks tough.
Tom talks very fast.
Tom talks very loud.
Tom talks very loudly.
Tom talks very slowly.
Tom talks way too much.
Tom talks with Mary every day.
Tom talks with a slight accent.
Tom tanned.
Tom taped Mary's picture inside his locker.
Tom taped a picture of his family inside his locker.
Tom tapped Mary on the shoulder.
Tom tapped his fingers impatiently.
Tom tapped his fingers on his desk.
Tom tapped his foot nervously.
Tom tapped his foot on the floor.
Tom tapped me on the shoulder.
Tom tapped on my shoulder.
Tom tapped on the window.
Tom tasted the cake Mary made and said he didn't like it.
Tom tasted the cake Mary made and said he didn't like the way it tasted.
Tom tasted the cake.
Tom tasted the cheesecake.
Tom tasted the coffee and smiled.
Tom tasted the food Mary had prepared.
Tom tasted the popcorn and decided it wasn't salty enough, so he sprinkled on some more salt.
Tom tasted the popcorn and decided it wasn’t salty enough, so he sprinkled on some more salt.
Tom tasted the potatoes.
Tom tasted the soup and said it was delicious.
Tom tasted the stew and frowned.
Tom tasted the stew.
Tom tasted the wine.
Tom tastes sweet.
Tom taught English.
Tom taught French a long time ago.
Tom taught French at a small college.
Tom taught French for a few years.
Tom taught French for a long time.
Tom taught French for many years.
Tom taught French for thirty years.
Tom taught French here for three years.
Tom taught French in Australia for three years.
Tom taught French in Boston before moving to Chicago.
Tom taught French in Boston for three years.
Tom taught French last year.
Tom taught French to Mary's children.
Tom taught French to Mary.
Tom taught French to his children.
Tom taught French to his friends.
Tom taught French to us.
Tom taught French.
Tom taught John to swim by throwing him in the water.
Tom taught Kabyle in Boston.
Tom taught Mary French.
Tom taught Mary a lot of things.
Tom taught Mary a lot of useful French.
Tom taught Mary a lot.
Tom taught Mary a new song today.
Tom taught Mary basic survival skills.
Tom taught Mary everything he knew about fishing.
Tom taught Mary golf.
Tom taught Mary how to bake bread.
Tom taught Mary how to build a fire.
Tom taught Mary how to cook.
Tom taught Mary how to defend herself.
Tom taught Mary how to do that.
Tom taught Mary how to drive.
Tom taught Mary how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom taught Mary how to fly a kite.
Tom taught Mary how to lie.
Tom taught Mary how to play chess.
Tom taught Mary how to play golf.
Tom taught Mary how to play pool.
Tom taught Mary how to play the guitar.
Tom taught Mary how to play the piano.
Tom taught Mary how to read lips.
Tom taught Mary how to read.
Tom taught Mary how to ride a bicycle.
Tom taught Mary how to ride a motorcycle.
Tom taught Mary how to shoot a gun.
Tom taught Mary how to swear in French.
Tom taught Mary how to swim.
Tom taught Mary how to tie her shoes.
Tom taught Mary how to use the lawn mower.
Tom taught Mary how to write songs.
Tom taught Mary many things.
Tom taught Mary survival skills.
Tom taught Mary to fly kites.
Tom taught Mary to paint.
Tom taught Mary to play the piano.
Tom taught Mary to read lips.
Tom taught Mary to read.
Tom taught Mary to swim.
Tom taught Mary's children French.
Tom taught Sunday school classes.
Tom taught acting.
Tom taught all his children to swim.
Tom taught all his classes today, even though he had a terrible headache.
Tom taught at Harvard for thirteen years.
Tom taught at Harvard.
Tom taught biology for thirty years.
Tom taught biology.
Tom taught himself 3 code languages.
Tom taught himself French from a book.
Tom taught himself French.
Tom taught himself differential calculus.
Tom taught himself how to do that.
Tom taught himself how to play the guitar.
Tom taught himself how to ski.
Tom taught himself to play the piano.
Tom taught himself to read French by reading the Bible in it.
Tom taught himself to read lips.
Tom taught himself to ski.
Tom taught his children French.
Tom taught his children how to play chess.
Tom taught his children how to sing several French songs.
Tom taught his children how to sing several Gaulish songs.
Tom taught his children what they needed to know to survive.
Tom taught his dog some new tricks.
Tom taught his dog some tricks.
Tom taught his friends French.
Tom taught his parrot to say, "Help me! They turned me into a parrot!"
Tom taught his son how to drive a car.
Tom taught his son how to ride a bicycle.
Tom taught his son how to sing many folk songs.
Tom taught his son to drive a car.
Tom taught his younger brother how to make a paper airplane.
Tom taught in Australia.
Tom taught me French.
Tom taught me a lot of things.
Tom taught me a lot of useful things.
Tom taught me a lot.
Tom taught me a new way to do that.
Tom taught me butterfly swimming.
Tom taught me everything I know about riding horses.
Tom taught me everything I know.
Tom taught me everything.
Tom taught me gymnastics.
Tom taught me how to barter.
Tom taught me how to be a man.
Tom taught me how to cook.
Tom taught me how to dance.
Tom taught me how to do it.
Tom taught me how to do that.
Tom taught me how to do this.
Tom taught me how to drive a tractor.
Tom taught me how to drive.
Tom taught me how to have fun.
Tom taught me how to introduce myself in French.
Tom taught me how to juggle.
Tom taught me how to make a campfire.
Tom taught me how to make an origami ninja star.
Tom taught me how to make pancakes.
Tom taught me how to play billiards.
Tom taught me how to play chess.
Tom taught me how to play poker when we were both in high school.
Tom taught me how to play poker.
Tom taught me how to play tennis.
Tom taught me how to play that song.
Tom taught me how to play the blues on the piano.
Tom taught me how to play the guitar.
Tom taught me how to read.
Tom taught me how to ride a bicycle.
Tom taught me how to ride a horse.
Tom taught me how to shoot.
Tom taught me how to ski.
Tom taught me how to skip rocks.
Tom taught me how to surf.
Tom taught me how to swim the breaststroke.
Tom taught me how to swim.
Tom taught me how to tie a square knot.
Tom taught me how to whistle.
Tom taught me many things.
Tom taught me most of the French I know.
Tom taught me some French.
Tom taught me something valuable.
Tom taught me that.
Tom taught me to fold an origami shuriken.
Tom taught me to play chess.
Tom taught me to play that song.
Tom taught me to read.
Tom taught me to sing.
Tom taught me to swim.
Tom taught me.
Tom taught some tricks to his dog.
Tom taught us French.
Tom taught us a lot.
Tom taught us how to fight.
Tom taught us music.
Tom taught us singing.
Tom taught us that.
Tom taught us to do this.
Tom taught us to fight.
Tom taught yoga.
Tom taunted Mary.
Tom tautologically said that tautological tautology is tautological.
Tom teaches English at a local school.
Tom teaches English online.
Tom teaches English using Skype.
Tom teaches French at Mary's school.
Tom teaches French at a high school.
Tom teaches French at a local high school.
Tom teaches French at home.
Tom teaches French at the school Mary goes to.
Tom teaches French every morning.
Tom teaches French five days a week.
Tom teaches French in Australia.
Tom teaches French in Boston, South Australia.
Tom teaches French in Boston.
Tom teaches French linguistics.
Tom teaches French literature.
Tom teaches French once a week.
Tom teaches French online.
Tom teaches French to Mary.
Tom teaches French to adults.
Tom teaches French to businessmen.
Tom teaches French to children.
Tom teaches French to his friends once a week.
Tom teaches French to his friends.
Tom teaches French to immigrants.
Tom teaches French to my children.
Tom teaches French to refugees.
Tom teaches French to senior citizens for free.
Tom teaches French to us.
Tom teaches French.
Tom teaches German to immigrants.
Tom teaches Sunday school classes.
Tom teaches acting.
Tom teaches adults French.
Tom teaches an undergraduate course in translation.
Tom teaches at Harvard.
Tom teaches at a university.
Tom teaches at this school.
Tom teaches at three different schools.
Tom teaches both French and English.
Tom teaches children French.
Tom teaches his friends French.
Tom teaches history and biology.
Tom teaches history at a high school.
Tom teaches history at the high school across the street.
Tom teaches history at the school near our house.
Tom teaches history.
Tom teaches in Boston.
Tom teaches in French.
Tom teaches law at Harvard.
Tom teaches math.
Tom teaches mathematical analysis.
Tom teaches me French twice a week.
Tom teaches me French.
Tom teaches music part-time.
Tom teaches psychiatry.
Tom teaches reading and writing.
Tom teaches senior citizens French for free.
Tom teaches sport psychology.
Tom teaches taekwondo.
Tom teaches the children French.
Tom teaches the third grade.
Tom teaches us French.
Tom teaches yoga to Mary.
Tom teaches yoga.
Tom teaches.
Tom tearfully recalled how his father savagely had beaten his mother.
Tom teased Mary a little.
Tom teased Mary about her new boyfriend.
Tom teased Mary about the way she spoke French.
Tom teased Mary.
Tom teased her about her new boyfriend.
Tom teased me about it.
Tom teased the dog until it bit him.
Tom teased the dogs until they bit him.
Tom teases Mary a lot.
Tom teases me all the time.
Tom telephoned Mary to tell her he'd be late.
Tom telephoned Mary to tell her that he'd be late.
Tom telephoned Mary.
Tom telephoned his friend.
Tom telephoned us.
Tom tells Mary everything.
Tom tells a good joke.
Tom tells a lot of jokes.
Tom tells a lot of lies.
Tom tells everyone that Mary's the cream in his coffee.
Tom tells everyone that he can't speak French, but that's not true.
Tom tells it as it is.
Tom tells it like it is.
Tom tells jokes.
Tom tells lies.
Tom tells me at least one joke every time I see him.
Tom tells me everything.
Tom tells me he doesn't care whether you like it or not.
Tom tells me that I don't have permission to do that.
Tom tells me that he is really good at tennis.
Tom tells me that you're leaving.
Tom tells me that you're very good at doing that.
Tom tells me that you've been to Australia.
Tom tells me the same thing all the time.
Tom tells me this all the time.
Tom tells me we have a problem.
Tom tells me you and Mary are planning to get married.
Tom tells me you go jogging every morning.
Tom tells me you have a garden.
Tom tells me you might want to stay with us.
Tom tells me you're a doctor.
Tom tells me you're better at French than he is.
Tom tells me you're his assistant.
Tom tells me you're his girlfriend.
Tom tells me you're smart.
Tom tells me you've been to Australia.
Tom tells me you've been to Boston.
Tom tells the same stories from his military past, but every time, a little differently.
Tom tells us everything.
Tom tells us jokes all the time.
Tom tells us jokes.
Tom tells us more about what's going on than Mary does.
Tom tempted Mary.
Tom tended to curse like a trucker whenever things didn't go his way.
Tom tended to the fire.
Tom tended to the horses.
Tom tends to apologize too often.
Tom tends to ask a lot of questions.
Tom tends to be a bit grumpy.
Tom tends to be late for appointments.
Tom tends to be late for meetings.
Tom tends to be late for school.
Tom tends to be late.
Tom tends to be lazy.
Tom tends to be overdramatic.
Tom tends to be unpredictable.
Tom tends to do things at his own pace.
Tom tends to drink too much at parties.
Tom tends to drink too much.
Tom tends to exaggerate a lot.
Tom tends to exaggerate things.
Tom tends to exaggerate.
Tom tends to forget things.
Tom tends to get angry if you ask a lot of questions.
Tom tends to get angry when people don't agree with him.
Tom tends to lie a lot.
Tom tends to lose things.
Tom tends to only do what he's told to do.
Tom tends to only do what is absolutely necessary.
Tom tends to overeat when he's worried.
Tom tends to overthink things.
Tom tends to say the first thing that comes to his mind.
Tom tends to side with the person who flatters him the most.
Tom tends to speak his mind a lot.
Tom tends to speak his mind.
Tom tends to speak quite fast.
Tom tends to stutter when he's nervous.
Tom tends to talk too much.
Tom tends to the horses.
Tom tensed slightly.
Tom tensed up.
Tom tentatively agreed to my proposal.
Tom tentatively opened the door.
Tom terrified Mary.
Tom terrorized Mary.
Tom tested all the equipment.
Tom tested himself.
Tom tested negative for COVID-19.
Tom tested positive for COVID-19.
Tom tested positive for EPO.
Tom tested positive for steroids.
Tom tested positive twice.
Tom tested positive.
Tom tested the bath's temperature with his toe.
Tom testified against Mary.
Tom testified at Mary's trial.
Tom testified at the trial.
Tom testified in his own defense.
Tom testified.
Tom texted Mary and said he was sorry.
Tom texted Mary and said that he was sorry.
Tom texted Mary back.
Tom texted Mary every thirty minutes all day long.
Tom texted Mary in French.
Tom texted Mary saying he'd be late.
Tom texted Mary to let her know he had arrived in Boston.
Tom texted Mary to let her know he was going to be late for dinner.
Tom texted Mary to let her know he was going to be late.
Tom texted Mary to let her know he'd be late for dinner.
Tom texted Mary to let her know he'd be late.
Tom texted Mary to let her know that he had arrived in Australia.
Tom texted Mary to let her know that he had arrived in Boston.
Tom texted Mary to let her know that he was going to be late for dinner.
Tom texted Mary to let her know that he was going to be late.
Tom texted Mary to let her know that he'd be late for dinner.
Tom texted Mary to let her know that he'd be late.
Tom texted Mary to tell her he was sorry.
Tom texted Mary to tell her he'd be late.
Tom texted Mary to tell her that he was sorry.
Tom texted Mary.
Tom texted a friend.
Tom texted back.
Tom texted me a few minutes ago.
Tom texted me a lot.
Tom texted me about that this morning.
Tom texted me back.
Tom texted me from Boston.
Tom texted me in French.
Tom texted me last night.
Tom texted me thirty minutes ago.
Tom texted me.
Tom texts Mary all the time.
Tom texts Mary every evening.
Tom texts Mary several times a day.
Tom texts me all the time.
Tom thanked God for protecting him.
Tom thanked Marie for her gift.
Tom thanked Mary again.
Tom thanked Mary as he left the room.
Tom thanked Mary for all her help.
Tom thanked Mary for changing his life.
Tom thanked Mary for coming.
Tom thanked Mary for cooking dinner.
Tom thanked Mary for helping him decorate his Christmas tree.
Tom thanked Mary for helping him.
Tom thanked Mary for her advice.
Tom thanked Mary for her apology.
Tom thanked Mary for her gift.
Tom thanked Mary for her help.
Tom thanked Mary for her kindness.
Tom thanked Mary for her patience and support.
Tom thanked Mary for her patience.
Tom thanked Mary for her support.
Tom thanked Mary for her time.
Tom thanked Mary for letting him use her computer.
Tom thanked Mary for saving him.
Tom thanked Mary for saying that.
Tom thanked Mary for taking care of him.
Tom thanked Mary for taking care of his dog.
Tom thanked Mary for the book she'd given him.
Tom thanked Mary for the book.
Tom thanked Mary for the bottle of wine she gave him.
Tom thanked Mary for the gift card.
Tom thanked Mary for the gift.
Tom thanked Mary for the present.
Tom thanked Mary for what she'd done for him.
Tom thanked Mary for what she'd done.
Tom thanked Mary in French.
Tom thanked Mary politely and left.
Tom thanked Mary.
Tom thanked Pierre for the help he had received from him.
Tom thanked all of us for our help.
Tom thanked all of us.
Tom thanked everybody.
Tom thanked everyone for waiting.
Tom thanked everyone involved.
Tom thanked everyone.
Tom thanked his friends for their support.
Tom thanked his friends, said goodbye, and left.
Tom thanked his hair stylist and stunt double when accepting his Academy Award.
Tom thanked his lucky stars.
Tom thanked his predecessor.
Tom thanked me for changing his life.
Tom thanked me for coming.
Tom thanked me for helping Mary.
Tom thanked me for helping him decorate his house.
Tom thanked me for helping him.
Tom thanked me for hiring him.
Tom thanked me for introducing Mary to him.
Tom thanked me for rescuing him.
Tom thanked me for saving Mary.
Tom thanked me for the book.
Tom thanked me for the compliment.
Tom thanked me for the gift.
Tom thanked me for the present.
Tom thanked me for warning him.
Tom thanked me.
Tom thanked the bus driver.
Tom thanked the chef.
Tom thanked the kind old lady.
Tom thanked the kind old man.
Tom thanked the manager.
Tom thanked the police for protecting him.
Tom thanked the team for their support.
Tom thanked them both.
Tom thanked us all.
Tom thanked us for our help.
Tom thanked us for our support.
Tom thanked us profusely for coming.
Tom thanks me every day.
Tom the Saturnian decided to set out for Venus over summer break to meet Mary the Venusian, who he met on Twitter.
Tom then hung up.
Tom then kissed Mary.
Tom then went to Australia.
Tom thinks Canberra is the capital of Austria.
Tom thinks Euler's identity is beautiful.
Tom thinks I am his enemy.
Tom thinks I can do it.
Tom thinks I can do that.
Tom thinks I can do the job.
Tom thinks I did something wrong.
Tom thinks I did that on purpose.
Tom thinks I don't have to do that.
Tom thinks I don't know what he did.
Tom thinks I don't know what he said.
Tom thinks I don't know what to do.
Tom thinks I don't need to do that.
Tom thinks I have to do that today.
Tom thinks I have to do that.
Tom thinks I know what to do.
Tom thinks I love Mary.
Tom thinks I love him.
Tom thinks I need to do that today.
Tom thinks I need to do that.
Tom thinks I need to eat more vegetables.
Tom thinks I need to get more sleep.
Tom thinks I need to go.
Tom thinks I need to help Mary.
Tom thinks I need to sleep more.
Tom thinks I should eat more vegetables.
Tom thinks I should help Mary.
Tom thinks I should retire.
Tom thinks I should stop doing this.
Tom thinks I stole the money.
Tom thinks I told Mary about it.
Tom thinks I was in Australia last week.
Tom thinks I was in Boston last week.
Tom thinks I'm a criminal.
Tom thinks I'm a loser.
Tom thinks I'm a wimp.
Tom thinks I'm always putting myself in danger.
Tom thinks I'm an idiot.
Tom thinks I'm annoying.
Tom thinks I'm crazy.
Tom thinks I'm dead.
Tom thinks I'm exaggerating.
Tom thinks I'm going to drink this, but I'm not.
Tom thinks I'm his enemy.
Tom thinks I'm in Australia now.
Tom thinks I'm in Boston now.
Tom thinks I'm in love with Mary.
Tom thinks I'm in love with him.
Tom thinks I'm jealous.
Tom thinks I'm lazy.
Tom thinks I'm missing a great opportunity.
Tom thinks I'm missing this great opportunity.
Tom thinks I'm right.
Tom thinks I'm romantic.
Tom thinks I'm still a kid.
Tom thinks I'm stupid.
Tom thinks I'm too picky.
Tom thinks I'm too young.
Tom thinks I'm very stupid.
Tom thinks I'm weird, but I am not.
Tom thinks I'm weird, but I don't.
Tom thinks Mary always packs too much in her suitcase.
Tom thinks Mary always packs way too much in her suitcase.
Tom thinks Mary and I can take care of ourselves.
Tom thinks Mary and I can't take care of ourselves.
Tom thinks Mary can do it.
Tom thinks Mary can do that.
Tom thinks Mary can probably convince John to stop doing that.
Tom thinks Mary can speak French.
Tom thinks Mary can swim.
Tom thinks Mary can take care of herself.
Tom thinks Mary can understand French.
Tom thinks Mary can win.
Tom thinks Mary can't do that.
Tom thinks Mary can't speak French.
Tom thinks Mary can't understand French.
Tom thinks Mary can't win.
Tom thinks Mary chickened out.
Tom thinks Mary could do that.
Tom thinks Mary could win.
Tom thinks Mary despises him.
Tom thinks Mary did it.
Tom thinks Mary did that.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't get enough sleep.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't have a driver's license.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't have an inkling of what's going on.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't know John can do that.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't know John can speak French.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't know that John can do that.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't know that John can speak French.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't know what to do.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't knows what to do.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom thinks Mary doesn’t have an inkling of what’s going on.
Tom thinks Mary drinks like a fish.
Tom thinks Mary drinks too much coffee.
Tom thinks Mary got engaged.
Tom thinks Mary has a bad influence on John.
Tom thinks Mary has a crush on him.
Tom thinks Mary has a driver's license.
Tom thinks Mary has a lot of money.
Tom thinks Mary has fallen to the skinniness craze.
Tom thinks Mary has left.
Tom thinks Mary has probably not done that yet.
Tom thinks Mary has psychic abilities.
Tom thinks Mary has to do that, but she doesn't really have to.
Tom thinks Mary is a bit chubby.
Tom thinks Mary is a genius.
Tom thinks Mary is a good cook.
Tom thinks Mary is a good driver.
Tom thinks Mary is a good singer.
Tom thinks Mary is a little weird.
Tom thinks Mary is a lot older than she really is.
Tom thinks Mary is a lot younger than she really is.
Tom thinks Mary is a witch.
Tom thinks Mary is afraid of snakes.
Tom thinks Mary is afraid.
Tom thinks Mary is alone.
Tom thinks Mary is already finished doing that.
Tom thinks Mary is amazing.
Tom thinks Mary is amused by what's going on.
Tom thinks Mary is an idiot.
Tom thinks Mary is angry.
Tom thinks Mary is annoyed.
Tom thinks Mary is at home.
Tom thinks Mary is awake.
Tom thinks Mary is beautiful.
Tom thinks Mary is being uncooperative.
Tom thinks Mary is being unnecessarily cautious.
Tom thinks Mary is being unreasonable.
Tom thinks Mary is better at French than she really is.
Tom thinks Mary is bored.
Tom thinks Mary is boring.
Tom thinks Mary is broke.
Tom thinks Mary is busy.
Tom thinks Mary is careless.
Tom thinks Mary is confused.
Tom thinks Mary is cute.
Tom thinks Mary is depressed.
Tom thinks Mary is difficult to get along with.
Tom thinks Mary is discouraged.
Tom thinks Mary is displeased.
Tom thinks Mary is doing that.
Tom thinks Mary is drunk.
Tom thinks Mary is eating lunch in the cafeteria.
Tom thinks Mary is embarrassed.
Tom thinks Mary is exhausted.
Tom thinks Mary is finished doing that already.
Tom thinks Mary is finished doing that.
Tom thinks Mary is frightened.
Tom thinks Mary is funny.
Tom thinks Mary is getting ripped off.
Tom thinks Mary is glad that that's going to happen.
Tom thinks Mary is going to lose the race.
Tom thinks Mary is going to win the race.
Tom thinks Mary is good at French.
Tom thinks Mary is good at everything.
Tom thinks Mary is good-looking.
Tom thinks Mary is guilty.
Tom thinks Mary is happy.
Tom thinks Mary is here.
Tom thinks Mary is impressed.
Tom thinks Mary is in Australia, but she's actually in New Zealand now.
Tom thinks Mary is in Australia.
Tom thinks Mary is in Boston, but she's actually in Chicago now.
Tom thinks Mary is in Boston.
Tom thinks Mary is in love with him.
Tom thinks Mary is in love.
Tom thinks Mary is innocent.
Tom thinks Mary is interested in John.
Tom thinks Mary is interested in doing that.
Tom thinks Mary is jealous.
Tom thinks Mary is kind of cute.
Tom thinks Mary is likely at the beach.
Tom thinks Mary is lonely.
Tom thinks Mary is lying.
Tom thinks Mary is mad.
Tom thinks Mary is mentally ill.
Tom thinks Mary is miserable.
Tom thinks Mary is mistaken.
Tom thinks Mary is more attractive than Alice.
Tom thinks Mary is motivated to do that.
Tom thinks Mary is my name.
Tom thinks Mary is nervous.
Tom thinks Mary is outside.
Tom thinks Mary is over forty.
Tom thinks Mary is pretty good at French.
Tom thinks Mary is probably at the beach with her friends.
Tom thinks Mary is probably at the beach.
Tom thinks Mary is probably in the cafeteria, eating lunch.
Tom thinks Mary is probably in the cafeteria.
Tom thinks Mary is pushy.
Tom thinks Mary is ready to do that.
Tom thinks Mary is ready.
Tom thinks Mary is really stuck up.
Tom thinks Mary is related to me.
Tom thinks Mary is reluctant to do that.
Tom thinks Mary is retired by now.
Tom thinks Mary is rich.
Tom thinks Mary is scared.
Tom thinks Mary is shy.
Tom thinks Mary is sleepy.
Tom thinks Mary is slow.
Tom thinks Mary is still alive.
Tom thinks Mary is still in Australia.
Tom thinks Mary is still in Boston.
Tom thinks Mary is still living in Australia.
Tom thinks Mary is still living in Boston.
Tom thinks Mary is strange.
Tom thinks Mary is stronger than I am.
Tom thinks Mary is stronger than me.
Tom thinks Mary is studying French.
Tom thinks Mary is suspicious.
Tom thinks Mary is telling the truth.
Tom thinks Mary is the most beautiful girl in his class.
Tom thinks Mary is the one who did that.
Tom thinks Mary is the prettiest girl in his class.
Tom thinks Mary is the woman for him.
Tom thinks Mary is through doing that.
Tom thinks Mary is tired.
Tom thinks Mary is too old for him.
Tom thinks Mary is too slow.
Tom thinks Mary is ugly.
Tom thinks Mary is upset.
Tom thinks Mary is very cute.
Tom thinks Mary is worried.
Tom thinks Mary is wrong.
Tom thinks Mary isn't awake.
Tom thinks Mary isn't busy.
Tom thinks Mary isn't going to do that.
Tom thinks Mary isn't going to win.
Tom thinks Mary isn't having fun.
Tom thinks Mary isn't here.
Tom thinks Mary isn't hungry.
Tom thinks Mary isn't in Australia now.
Tom thinks Mary isn't in Boston now.
Tom thinks Mary isn't influential.
Tom thinks Mary isn't the one who did that.
Tom thinks Mary isn't the one who should do that.
Tom thinks Mary isn't tired.
Tom thinks Mary isn't very smart.
Tom thinks Mary killed John.
Tom thinks Mary kissed John.
Tom thinks Mary knows what to do.
Tom thinks Mary knows where John is.
Tom thinks Mary knows who really did that.
Tom thinks Mary knows.
Tom thinks Mary lacks common sense.
Tom thinks Mary lied.
Tom thinks Mary likes him.
Tom thinks Mary looks great in blue.
Tom thinks Mary made a big mistake.
Tom thinks Mary made the right choice.
Tom thinks Mary may be lactose intolerant.
Tom thinks Mary may do that.
Tom thinks Mary may have an eating disorder.
Tom thinks Mary may win.
Tom thinks Mary might be interested.
Tom thinks Mary might do that.
Tom thinks Mary might know the answer.
Tom thinks Mary might leave him.
Tom thinks Mary might not be interested.
Tom thinks Mary might win.
Tom thinks Mary needs to be more careful.
Tom thinks Mary needs to do that, but she doesn't really need to.
Tom thinks Mary probably didn't cry.
Tom thinks Mary probably didn't do that.
Tom thinks Mary probably didn't win.
Tom thinks Mary probably hasn't done that yet.
Tom thinks Mary should apologize to John for not doing what she said she'd do.
Tom thinks Mary should apologize to John for not doing what she said she’d do.
Tom thinks Mary should apologize to John.
Tom thinks Mary should be happy.
Tom thinks Mary should do that.
Tom thinks Mary should eat more fruit.
Tom thinks Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom thinks Mary shouldn't eat so much junk food.
Tom thinks Mary shouldn't keep secrets from him.
Tom thinks Mary spends too much time on her phone.
Tom thinks Mary wants to do that, but she doesn't really want to.
Tom thinks Mary was busy.
Tom thinks Mary was having fun.
Tom thinks Mary was hungry.
Tom thinks Mary was in Australia.
Tom thinks Mary was in Boston.
Tom thinks Mary was murdered.
Tom thinks Mary was tired.
Tom thinks Mary wasn't busy.
Tom thinks Mary wasn't having fun.
Tom thinks Mary wasn't hungry.
Tom thinks Mary wasn't in Australia last summer.
Tom thinks Mary wasn't in Boston last summer.
Tom thinks Mary wasn't tired.
Tom thinks Mary wears too much makeup.
Tom thinks Mary went to Australia.
Tom thinks Mary went to Boston.
Tom thinks Mary will actually do that.
Tom thinks Mary will agree to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be able to convince John to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be able to convince John to stop doing that.
Tom thinks Mary will be able to do that by herself.
Tom thinks Mary will be able to get home by herself.
Tom thinks Mary will be absent.
Tom thinks Mary will be afraid.
Tom thinks Mary will be alone.
Tom thinks Mary will be amused by what's going on.
Tom thinks Mary will be angry.
Tom thinks Mary will be at home this evening.
Tom thinks Mary will be awake until midnight.
Tom thinks Mary will be back soon.
Tom thinks Mary will be bored.
Tom thinks Mary will be busy all day.
Tom thinks Mary will be careful.
Tom thinks Mary will be careless.
Tom thinks Mary will be cold.
Tom thinks Mary will be confused.
Tom thinks Mary will be cooperative.
Tom thinks Mary will be desperate to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be difficult to get along with.
Tom thinks Mary will be discouraged.
Tom thinks Mary will be displeased.
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that by herself.
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that for a few hours.
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that tomorrow evening.
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that tomorrow.
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that until lunchtime.
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that very soon.
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that with John and him.
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that with John.
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that.
Tom thinks Mary will be drunk by the time he gets home.
Tom thinks Mary will be early.
Tom thinks Mary will be embarrassed.
Tom thinks Mary will be exhausted when she gets home.
Tom thinks Mary will be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom thinks Mary will be first.
Tom thinks Mary will be forgiven for doing that.
Tom thinks Mary will be frightened.
Tom thinks Mary will be glad that that's going to happen.
Tom thinks Mary will be gone by the time we get there.
Tom thinks Mary will be heartbroken.
Tom thinks Mary will be here all week.
Tom thinks Mary will be here by noon.
Tom thinks Mary will be here for three or four hours.
Tom thinks Mary will be here in Australia all week.
Tom thinks Mary will be here in Boston all week.
Tom thinks Mary will be here soon.
Tom thinks Mary will be here tomorrow.
Tom thinks Mary will be here.
Tom thinks Mary will be hesitant to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be impressed.
Tom thinks Mary will be in Australia next weekend.
Tom thinks Mary will be in Boston next weekend.
Tom thinks Mary will be in her office on Monday.
Tom thinks Mary will be in her office on October 20th.
Tom thinks Mary will be interested in doing that.
Tom thinks Mary will be interested.
Tom thinks Mary will be jealous.
Tom thinks Mary will be last.
Tom thinks Mary will be late.
Tom thinks Mary will be lonely.
Tom thinks Mary will be mad.
Tom thinks Mary will be motivated to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be nervous doing that.
Tom thinks Mary will be nervous.
Tom thinks Mary will be present at today's meeting.
Tom thinks Mary will be punctual.
Tom thinks Mary will be ready to do that on Monday.
Tom thinks Mary will be ready to do that on October 20th.
Tom thinks Mary will be ready.
Tom thinks Mary will be reasonable.
Tom thinks Mary will be reluctant to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be scared.
Tom thinks Mary will be stubborn.
Tom thinks Mary will be surprised.
Tom thinks Mary will be suspicious.
Tom thinks Mary will be sympathetic.
Tom thinks Mary will be tempted to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be the first one to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be the last one to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be the next one to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be through doing that by now.
Tom thinks Mary will be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom thinks Mary will be unimpressed.
Tom thinks Mary will be upset.
Tom thinks Mary will be worried.
Tom thinks Mary will cry.
Tom thinks Mary will divorce her husband.
Tom thinks Mary will do that by herself.
Tom thinks Mary will do that for John.
Tom thinks Mary will do that tomorrow.
Tom thinks Mary will do that.
Tom thinks Mary will eat what he makes for her.
Tom thinks Mary will leave.
Tom thinks Mary will lie to John about what happened yesterday.
Tom thinks Mary will like John.
Tom thinks Mary will never come back to Australia.
Tom thinks Mary will never come back to Boston.
Tom thinks Mary will never come back.
Tom thinks Mary will probably be late.
Tom thinks Mary will probably cry.
Tom thinks Mary will probably do that.
Tom thinks Mary will probably never do that.
Tom thinks Mary will probably not want to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will probably say yes.
Tom thinks Mary will really do that.
Tom thinks Mary will study French.
Tom thinks Mary will want to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will want to eat Mexican food for dinner.
Tom thinks Mary will win.
Tom thinks Mary won't actually do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be able to convince John to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be able to convince John to stop doing that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be able to do that by herself.
Tom thinks Mary won't be able to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be able to get home by herself.
Tom thinks Mary won't be able to pay all her bills this month.
Tom thinks Mary won't be able to win.
Tom thinks Mary won't be absent.
Tom thinks Mary won't be afraid.
Tom thinks Mary won't be alone.
Tom thinks Mary won't be amused by what's going on.
Tom thinks Mary won't be angry, but I think she will be.
Tom thinks Mary won't be awake when he gets home.
Tom thinks Mary won't be back soon.
Tom thinks Mary won't be busy after 2:30 this afternoon.
Tom thinks Mary won't be cold.
Tom thinks Mary won't be cooperative.
Tom thinks Mary won't be difficult to get along with.
Tom thinks Mary won't be early.
Tom thinks Mary won't be embarrassed.
Tom thinks Mary won't be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom thinks Mary won't be frightened by that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be gone by the time we get there.
Tom thinks Mary won't be here until after lunch.
Tom thinks Mary won't be here until lunchtime.
Tom thinks Mary won't be hesitant to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be home on Monday.
Tom thinks Mary won't be home on October 20th.
Tom thinks Mary won't be impressed.
Tom thinks Mary won't be in Australia much longer.
Tom thinks Mary won't be in Boston much longer.
Tom thinks Mary won't be interested in doing that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be interested.
Tom thinks Mary won't be jealous.
Tom thinks Mary won't be late.
Tom thinks Mary won't be lonely.
Tom thinks Mary won't be mad, but I think she will be.
Tom thinks Mary won't be motivated to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be nervous doing that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be nervous.
Tom thinks Mary won't be present at today's meeting.
Tom thinks Mary won't be punctual.
Tom thinks Mary won't be ready to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be ready.
Tom thinks Mary won't be reluctant to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be scared.
Tom thinks Mary won't be surprised.
Tom thinks Mary won't be suspicious.
Tom thinks Mary won't be tempted to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be the first one to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be the last one to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be the next one to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom thinks Mary won't be worried.
Tom thinks Mary won't cry.
Tom thinks Mary won't do that by herself.
Tom thinks Mary won't do that for John.
Tom thinks Mary won't do that tomorrow.
Tom thinks Mary won't do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't eat dessert.
Tom thinks Mary won't ever come back.
Tom thinks Mary won't forget to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't have to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't have to do this.
Tom thinks Mary won't help John do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't help John.
Tom thinks Mary won't kiss John.
Tom thinks Mary won't like John.
Tom thinks Mary won't like doing that.
Tom thinks Mary won't like to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't likely cry.
Tom thinks Mary won't likely do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't likely eat dessert.
Tom thinks Mary won't likely win.
Tom thinks Mary won't need to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't really do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't say yes.
Tom thinks Mary won't speak French.
Tom thinks Mary won't study French.
Tom thinks Mary won't teach French.
Tom thinks Mary won't want to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't win.
Tom thinks Mary won.
Tom thinks Mary would be a good basketball coach.
Tom thinks Mary would be afraid to walk home alone at night.
Tom thinks Mary would be amused by what's going on.
Tom thinks Mary would be angry if he did that.
Tom thinks Mary would be discouraged.
Tom thinks Mary would be glad if that happened.
Tom thinks Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom thinks Mary would be impressed.
Tom thinks Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom thinks Mary would be interested in going to the zoo with you and the children.
Tom thinks Mary would be interested.
Tom thinks Mary would be jealous.
Tom thinks Mary would be lonely if she lived all alone in the woods.
Tom thinks Mary would be mad if he did that.
Tom thinks Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom thinks Mary would be nervous doing that.
Tom thinks Mary would be perfect for the job.
Tom thinks Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom thinks Mary would be surprised if you did that.
Tom thinks Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom thinks Mary would be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom thinks Mary would be upset if he did that.
Tom thinks Mary would have come if she'd been invited.
Tom thinks Mary would have come if someone had invited her.
Tom thinks Mary would probably not do that.
Tom thinks Mary would've come if she'd been invited.
Tom thinks Mary would've come if someone had invited her.
Tom thinks Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom thinks Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom thinks Mary wouldn't have to do that.
Tom thinks Mary wouldn't like doing that.
Tom thinks Mary wouldn't like to do that.
Tom thinks Mary wouldn't likely do that.
Tom thinks Mary wouldn't need to do that.
Tom thinks Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom thinks Mary's work is easy.
Tom thinks Vienna is the capital of Australia.
Tom thinks Yanni is cheating on him with Sami.
Tom thinks a lot of you.
Tom thinks about Mary all the time.
Tom thinks about his future.
Tom thinks about the Roman Empire surprisingly often.
Tom thinks about you all the time.
Tom thinks all Asians look alike.
Tom thinks all Asians look the same.
Tom thinks anything's possible.
Tom thinks anything’s possible.
Tom thinks beer is good for you.
Tom thinks democracy is a fad.
Tom thinks doing that is a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that is a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that isn't a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that isn't a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that may be a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that may be a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that may not be a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that may not be a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that might be a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that might be a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that might not be a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that might not be a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that would be a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that would be a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that would be a mistake.
Tom thinks doing that would be a very bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that would be a very good idea.
Tom thinks doing that would be worthwhile.
Tom thinks doing that wouldn't be a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Tom thinks everyone is out to get him.
Tom thinks everyone lies as much as he does.
Tom thinks everything happens by magic.
Tom thinks everything is about him.
Tom thinks everything is his business.
Tom thinks everything will turn out OK.
Tom thinks gambling is a sin.
Tom thinks gambling is wrong.
Tom thinks ghosts are real.
Tom thinks girls are gross.
Tom thinks he can do anything he sets his mind to.
Tom thinks he can do anything if he puts his mind to it.
Tom thinks he can do it.
Tom thinks he can do that again.
Tom thinks he can do that.
Tom thinks he can do the job better than anyone else.
Tom thinks he can do whatever he wants to.
Tom thinks he can do whatever he wants.
Tom thinks he can find another job.
Tom thinks he can fix everything.
Tom thinks he can get away with that.
Tom thinks he can get away with this.
Tom thinks he can get rid of his cold if he takes this medicine.
Tom thinks he can graduate early.
Tom thinks he can probably do that.
Tom thinks he can probably help us tomorrow.
Tom thinks he can probably take care of himself.
Tom thinks he can probably win.
Tom thinks he can prove it.
Tom thinks he can save the world.
Tom thinks he can sing.
Tom thinks he can succeed where others have failed.
Tom thinks he can take care of himself.
Tom thinks he can tell when Mary is lying.
Tom thinks he can trust Mary not to do something stupid.
Tom thinks he can trust Mary.
Tom thinks he can win.
Tom thinks he could beat Serena Williams at tennis.
Tom thinks he could do that.
Tom thinks he could probably do that.
Tom thinks he could probably win.
Tom thinks he could win.
Tom thinks he discovered that stoats have a language previously unknown to humans, that is so complex that even after years of study he barely mastered the basic vocabulary. In reality, stoats fooled him into thinking that so that he didn't realise the truth, which is that they have been talking to him telepathically all that time.
Tom thinks he doesn't have to do that.
Tom thinks he doesn't need to do that.
Tom thinks he drives better drunk than I do when I'm sober.
Tom thinks he got a bargain.
Tom thinks he got a good bargain.
Tom thinks he got a good price.
Tom thinks he has a buyer for his house.
Tom thinks he has a monopoly on the truth.
Tom thinks he has enough firewood to last all winter.
Tom thinks he has found Atlantis.
Tom thinks he has found the answer.
Tom thinks he has invented a perpetual motion machine.
Tom thinks he has me trapped.
Tom thinks he has the flu.
Tom thinks he has to help Mary.
Tom thinks he hears something.
Tom thinks he is above the law.
Tom thinks he knows best.
Tom thinks he knows everything.
Tom thinks he knows how much money Mary makes, but Mary makes quite a bit more than Tom thinks she does.
Tom thinks he knows how to get to Mary's house.
Tom thinks he knows it all.
Tom thinks he knows the answer.
Tom thinks he knows what Mary is doing.
Tom thinks he knows what Mary wants.
Tom thinks he knows what to do.
Tom thinks he knows what will happen next.
Tom thinks he knows what's going on.
Tom thinks he knows what’s going on.
Tom thinks he knows where Mary lives.
Tom thinks he knows where Mary went.
Tom thinks he knows where to find Mary.
Tom thinks he knows who Mary's favorite musician is.
Tom thinks he knows who Mary’s favorite musician is.
Tom thinks he knows who really did that.
Tom thinks he knows why Mary decided to become a nun.
Tom thinks he knows why.
Tom thinks he left his French textbook at Mary's.
Tom thinks he left his umbrella on the train.
Tom thinks he loves Mary more than John loves Alice.
Tom thinks he may be able to help you.
Tom thinks he might have the answer.
Tom thinks he must die.
Tom thinks he needs to help Mary.
Tom thinks he needs to lose some weight, but Mary doesn't think so.
Tom thinks he ought to help Mary.
Tom thinks he should agree to do that.
Tom thinks he should do that.
Tom thinks he should get into politics.
Tom thinks he should help Mary.
Tom thinks he should study French.
Tom thinks he shouldn't do that.
Tom thinks he speaks French better than Mary.
Tom thinks he understands women.
Tom thinks he won't be able to do that.
Tom thinks he'd be a good basketball coach.
Tom thinks he'll die soon.
Tom thinks he'll get straight A's.
Tom thinks he'll go shopping this afternoon.
Tom thinks he'll never fall in love.
Tom thinks he'll never see Mary again.
Tom thinks he'll probably never fall in love.
Tom thinks he's God's gift to women.
Tom thinks he's Louis XIV.
Tom thinks he's Mary's boyfriend, but Mary thinks he's just a friend.
Tom thinks he's Mary's boyfriend, but Mary thinks that he's just a friend.
Tom thinks he's a big shot.
Tom thinks he's a cat.
Tom thinks he's a genius, but I don't agree with him.
Tom thinks he's a genius.
Tom thinks he's a good cook, but he isn't.
Tom thinks he's a good cook.
Tom thinks he's a good driver.
Tom thinks he's a good person.
Tom thinks he's a good singer.
Tom thinks he's a knight.
Tom thinks he's a pretty good singer.
Tom thinks he's a real hotshot.
Tom thinks he's acting in our best interest.
Tom thinks he's always right.
Tom thinks he's been betrayed.
Tom thinks he's being followed.
Tom thinks he's being reasonable.
Tom thinks he's being shadowed by a private detective.
Tom thinks he's better at French than he actually is.
Tom thinks he's better at French than he is.
Tom thinks he's better at French than he really is.
Tom thinks he's better looking than John.
Tom thinks he's better than Mary.
Tom thinks he's better than anybody else.
Tom thinks he's better than anyone else.
Tom thinks he's better than everyone else.
Tom thinks he's better than other people.
Tom thinks he's cool.
Tom thinks he's different from other people.
Tom thinks he's figured it out.
Tom thinks he's found a solution to the problem.
Tom thinks he's found a way to solve the problem.
Tom thinks he's found the answer.
Tom thinks he's funny.
Tom thinks he's getting ripped off.
Tom thinks he's going to be a star.
Tom thinks he's going to die soon.
Tom thinks he's going to fix the world's problems with vibes.
Tom thinks he's going to lose the race.
Tom thinks he's going to win the race.
Tom thinks he's good-looking.
Tom thinks he's got a monopoly on the truth.
Tom thinks he's handsome.
Tom thinks he's in big trouble.
Tom thinks he's in love.
Tom thinks he's infallible.
Tom thinks he's invincible.
Tom thinks he's irresistible.
Tom thinks he's pretty good at French.
Tom thinks he's pretty good at guitar.
Tom thinks he's ready.
Tom thinks he's really tough.
Tom thinks he's related to me.
Tom thinks he's royalty.
Tom thinks he's smarter than Mary.
Tom thinks he's smarter than anybody else.
Tom thinks he's smarter than anyone else.
Tom thinks he's smarter than everybody else, but he's not.
Tom thinks he's smarter than everybody else.
Tom thinks he's smarter than everyone else, but he's not.
Tom thinks he's smarter than everyone else.
Tom thinks he's smarter than everyone.
Tom thinks he's smarter than me.
Tom thinks he's so clever.
Tom thinks he's socially awesome.
Tom thinks he's stronger than I am.
Tom thinks he's stronger than me.
Tom thinks he's tallest person here.
Tom thinks he's the Messiah.
Tom thinks he's the Prince of Wales.
Tom thinks he's the best French speaker here.
Tom thinks he's the best French teacher here.
Tom thinks he's the best actor in the world.
Tom thinks he's the best swimmer here.
Tom thinks he's the center of the universe.
Tom thinks he's the centre of the universe.
Tom thinks he's the only person in town who can play the bagpipes.
Tom thinks he's too good for us.
Tom thinks he's too important to do that himself.
Tom thinks he’s God’s gift to women.
Tom thinks he’s being shadowed by a private detective.
Tom thinks highly of Mary.
Tom thinks highly of himself.
Tom thinks his French is better than it really is.
Tom thinks his country is the greatest country in the world.
Tom thinks his house is haunted.
Tom thinks his job is meaningless.
Tom thinks his job is pointless.
Tom thinks his leg is broken.
Tom thinks his life is boring.
Tom thinks his parents are infallible.
Tom thinks his parents are perfect.
Tom thinks his passport has been stolen.
Tom thinks if he had done that earlier, he could have avoided a lot of problems.
Tom thinks if he had done that earlier, he could've avoided a lot of problems.
Tom thinks if he had done that, Mary would have been upset.
Tom thinks if he had done that, Mary would've been upset.
Tom thinks if he had tried a little harder, he could've won the race.
Tom thinks if he hadn't done that, Mary would still be alive.
Tom thinks if he hadn't done that, Mary wouldn't be angry.
Tom thinks if he'd tried a little harder, he could have won the race.
Tom thinks if he'd tried a little harder, he could've won the race.
Tom thinks it important for Mary to learn how to speak French.
Tom thinks it impossible for Mary to break the record.
Tom thinks it possible for Mary to get a job with that company.
Tom thinks it tastes like chicken.
Tom thinks it was a good experience.
Tom thinks it was a prank.
Tom thinks it was an accident.
Tom thinks it will rain tomorrow.
Tom thinks it won't be possible.
Tom thinks it would be better not to change dollars into yen at this time.
Tom thinks it would be better not to visit Mary right now.
Tom thinks it'll be OK.
Tom thinks it'll be a lot of fun.
Tom thinks it'll be fine.
Tom thinks it's a bad idea.
Tom thinks it's a good decision.
Tom thinks it's a good idea.
Tom thinks it's a great idea.
Tom thinks it's a ridiculous idea.
Tom thinks it's a waste of time.
Tom thinks it's all a joke.
Tom thinks it's better not to lend Mary any money.
Tom thinks it's embarrassing.
Tom thinks it's fun to pick on children younger than him.
Tom thinks it's funny that Mary still sleeps with a teddy bear.
Tom thinks it's funny.
Tom thinks it's gay to enjoy sex.
Tom thinks it's gay to wipe your ass.
Tom thinks it's going to rain.
Tom thinks it's great.
Tom thinks it's his fault that Mary died.
Tom thinks it's hysterical.
Tom thinks it's important for Mary to learn how to speak French.
Tom thinks it's impossible for Mary to break the record.
Tom thinks it's impossible.
Tom thinks it's me.
Tom thinks it's only gay if you bottom.
Tom thinks it's possible.
Tom thinks it's pretty good.
Tom thinks it's stupid.
Tom thinks it's the smart, sensible thing to do.
Tom thinks it's theft, even if they call it individual reclamation.
Tom thinks it's time for Mary to ask for help.
Tom thinks it's weird, but I don't.
Tom thinks it’ll be a lot of fun.
Tom thinks it’s better not to lend Mary any money.
Tom thinks it’s his fault that Mary died.
Tom thinks it’s time for Mary to ask for help.
Tom thinks leather trousers are naff.
Tom thinks men are superior to women.
Tom thinks no one else wants to come.
Tom thinks nothing bad can happen to him.
Tom thinks of Mary as his best friend.
Tom thinks of Mary as his girlfriend, but Mary doesn't think of Tom as her boyfriend.
Tom thinks of drag as an art form.
Tom thinks of everything in terms of money.
Tom thinks of everything.
Tom thinks of no one but himself.
Tom thinks of nobody but himself.
Tom thinks only of himself.
Tom thinks outside the box.
Tom thinks people shouldn't eat in public.
Tom thinks personality is more important than looks.
Tom thinks professional wrestling is real.
Tom thinks quite highly of Mary.
Tom thinks raising the minimum wage would be a bad idea.
Tom thinks rats are cute.
Tom thinks school is a waste of time.
Tom thinks schools should teach children to obey authority.
Tom thinks she's a cat.
Tom thinks so, too.
Tom thinks so.
Tom thinks some of his friends could do that.
Tom thinks some of his friends did that.
Tom thinks some of his friends may be able to do that.
Tom thinks some of his friends may do that.
Tom thinks some of his friends may not be able to do that.
Tom thinks some of his friends might be able to do that.
Tom thinks some of his friends might do that.
Tom thinks some of his friends might not be able to do that.
Tom thinks some of his friends will do that.
Tom thinks some of his friends will want to do that.
Tom thinks sports are a waste of time.
Tom thinks swans are even more vicious than geese.
Tom thinks that Australia is a European country full of koalas and kangaroos.
Tom thinks that Brazil will win the World Cup.
Tom thinks that Danish is the most beautiful language in the world.
Tom thinks that I can do the job.
Tom thinks that I did something wrong.
Tom thinks that I did that on purpose.
Tom thinks that I don't have to do that.
Tom thinks that I don't know what he did.
Tom thinks that I don't know what he said.
Tom thinks that I don't know what to do.
Tom thinks that I don't need to do that.
Tom thinks that I have an affair with Mary.
Tom thinks that I have to do that today.
Tom thinks that I have to do that.
Tom thinks that I know what to do.
Tom thinks that I love Mary.
Tom thinks that I love him.
Tom thinks that I need to do that today.
Tom thinks that I need to do that.
Tom thinks that I need to eat more vegetables.
Tom thinks that I need to go.
Tom thinks that I need to help Mary.
Tom thinks that I need to sleep more.
Tom thinks that I should eat more vegetables.
Tom thinks that I should help Mary.
Tom thinks that I should retire.
Tom thinks that I stole the money.
Tom thinks that I told Mary about it.
Tom thinks that I was in Australia last week.
Tom thinks that I was in Boston last week.
Tom thinks that I'm a loser.
Tom thinks that I'm a wimp.
Tom thinks that I'm always putting myself in danger.
Tom thinks that I'm an idiot.
Tom thinks that I'm crazy.
Tom thinks that I'm exaggerating.
Tom thinks that I'm going to drink this, but I'm not.
Tom thinks that I'm his enemy.
Tom thinks that I'm in Australia now.
Tom thinks that I'm in Boston now.
Tom thinks that I'm in love with Mary.
Tom thinks that I'm in love with him.
Tom thinks that I'm jealous.
Tom thinks that I'm missing a great opportunity.
Tom thinks that I'm missing this great opportunity.
Tom thinks that I'm right.
Tom thinks that I'm romantic.
Tom thinks that I'm still a kid.
Tom thinks that I'm stupid.
Tom thinks that I'm too picky.
Tom thinks that I'm too young.
Tom thinks that I'm very stupid.
Tom thinks that Korean girls are more beautiful than Japanese for the most part.
Tom thinks that Marmite is disgusting.
Tom thinks that Mary always packs too much in her suitcase.
Tom thinks that Mary always packs way too much in her suitcase.
Tom thinks that Mary and I can take care of ourselves.
Tom thinks that Mary and I can't take care of ourselves.
Tom thinks that Mary can do it.
Tom thinks that Mary can do that.
Tom thinks that Mary can probably convince John to stop doing that.
Tom thinks that Mary can speak French.
Tom thinks that Mary can swim.
Tom thinks that Mary can take care of herself.
Tom thinks that Mary can understand French.
Tom thinks that Mary can win.
Tom thinks that Mary can't do that.
Tom thinks that Mary can't speak French.
Tom thinks that Mary can't understand French.
Tom thinks that Mary can't win.
Tom thinks that Mary chickened out.
Tom thinks that Mary could do that.
Tom thinks that Mary could win.
Tom thinks that Mary despises him.
Tom thinks that Mary did that.
Tom thinks that Mary doesn't get enough sleep.
Tom thinks that Mary doesn't have a driver's license.
Tom thinks that Mary doesn't have an inkling of what's going on.
Tom thinks that Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary doesn't know John can do that.
Tom thinks that Mary doesn't know John can speak French.
Tom thinks that Mary doesn't know that John can do that.
Tom thinks that Mary doesn't know that John can speak French.
Tom thinks that Mary doesn't know what to do.
Tom thinks that Mary doesn't knows what to do.
Tom thinks that Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary drinks like a fish.
Tom thinks that Mary drinks too much coffee.
Tom thinks that Mary has a bad influence on John.
Tom thinks that Mary has a crush on him.
Tom thinks that Mary has a driver's license.
Tom thinks that Mary has a lot of money.
Tom thinks that Mary has left.
Tom thinks that Mary has probably not done that yet.
Tom thinks that Mary has psychic abilities.
Tom thinks that Mary has to do that, but she doesn't really have to.
Tom thinks that Mary is a bit chubby.
Tom thinks that Mary is a genius.
Tom thinks that Mary is a good cook.
Tom thinks that Mary is a good driver.
Tom thinks that Mary is a good singer.
Tom thinks that Mary is a little weird.
Tom thinks that Mary is afraid of snakes.
Tom thinks that Mary is afraid.
Tom thinks that Mary is alone.
Tom thinks that Mary is already finished doing that.
Tom thinks that Mary is amazing.
Tom thinks that Mary is amused by what's going on.
Tom thinks that Mary is an idiot.
Tom thinks that Mary is angry.
Tom thinks that Mary is annoyed.
Tom thinks that Mary is at home.
Tom thinks that Mary is awake.
Tom thinks that Mary is beautiful.
Tom thinks that Mary is being uncooperative.
Tom thinks that Mary is being unnecessarily cautious.
Tom thinks that Mary is being unreasonable.
Tom thinks that Mary is better at French than she really is.
Tom thinks that Mary is bored.
Tom thinks that Mary is broke.
Tom thinks that Mary is busy.
Tom thinks that Mary is careless.
Tom thinks that Mary is confused.
Tom thinks that Mary is cute.
Tom thinks that Mary is depressed.
Tom thinks that Mary is difficult to get along with.
Tom thinks that Mary is discouraged.
Tom thinks that Mary is displeased.
Tom thinks that Mary is doing that.
Tom thinks that Mary is drunk.
Tom thinks that Mary is eating lunch in the cafeteria.
Tom thinks that Mary is embarrassed.
Tom thinks that Mary is exhausted.
Tom thinks that Mary is finished doing that already.
Tom thinks that Mary is finished doing that.
Tom thinks that Mary is frightened.
Tom thinks that Mary is funny.
Tom thinks that Mary is getting ripped off.
Tom thinks that Mary is glad that that's going to happen.
Tom thinks that Mary is going to lose the race.
Tom thinks that Mary is going to win the race.
Tom thinks that Mary is good at French.
Tom thinks that Mary is good at everything.
Tom thinks that Mary is good-looking.
Tom thinks that Mary is guilty.
Tom thinks that Mary is happy.
Tom thinks that Mary is here.
Tom thinks that Mary is impressed.
Tom thinks that Mary is in Australia, but she's actually in New Zealand now.
Tom thinks that Mary is in Australia.
Tom thinks that Mary is in Boston, but she's actually in Chicago now.
Tom thinks that Mary is in Boston.
Tom thinks that Mary is in love.
Tom thinks that Mary is innocent.
Tom thinks that Mary is interested in John.
Tom thinks that Mary is interested in doing that.
Tom thinks that Mary is jealous.
Tom thinks that Mary is kind of cute.
Tom thinks that Mary is likely at the beach.
Tom thinks that Mary is lonely.
Tom thinks that Mary is lying.
Tom thinks that Mary is mad.
Tom thinks that Mary is mentally ill.
Tom thinks that Mary is miserable.
Tom thinks that Mary is mistaken.
Tom thinks that Mary is motivated to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary is my name.
Tom thinks that Mary is nervous.
Tom thinks that Mary is outside.
Tom thinks that Mary is over forty.
Tom thinks that Mary is pretty good at French.
Tom thinks that Mary is probably at the beach with her friends.
Tom thinks that Mary is probably at the beach.
Tom thinks that Mary is probably in the cafeteria, eating lunch.
Tom thinks that Mary is probably in the cafeteria.
Tom thinks that Mary is pushy.
Tom thinks that Mary is ready to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary is ready.
Tom thinks that Mary is really stuck up.
Tom thinks that Mary is related to me.
Tom thinks that Mary is reluctant to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary is retired by now.
Tom thinks that Mary is rich.
Tom thinks that Mary is scared.
Tom thinks that Mary is shy.
Tom thinks that Mary is sleepy.
Tom thinks that Mary is slow.
Tom thinks that Mary is still alive.
Tom thinks that Mary is still in Australia.
Tom thinks that Mary is still in Boston.
Tom thinks that Mary is still living in Australia.
Tom thinks that Mary is still living in Boston.
Tom thinks that Mary is strange.
Tom thinks that Mary is stronger than I am.
Tom thinks that Mary is stronger than me.
Tom thinks that Mary is studying French.
Tom thinks that Mary is suspicious.
Tom thinks that Mary is telling the truth.
Tom thinks that Mary is the most beautiful girl in his class.
Tom thinks that Mary is the one who did that.
Tom thinks that Mary is the prettiest girl in his class.
Tom thinks that Mary is the woman for him.
Tom thinks that Mary is through doing that.
Tom thinks that Mary is tired.
Tom thinks that Mary is too slow.
Tom thinks that Mary is ugly.
Tom thinks that Mary is upset.
Tom thinks that Mary is very cute.
Tom thinks that Mary is worried.
Tom thinks that Mary is wrong.
Tom thinks that Mary isn't awake.
Tom thinks that Mary isn't busy.
Tom thinks that Mary isn't going to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary isn't going to win.
Tom thinks that Mary isn't having fun.
Tom thinks that Mary isn't here.
Tom thinks that Mary isn't hungry.
Tom thinks that Mary isn't in Australia now.
Tom thinks that Mary isn't in Boston now.
Tom thinks that Mary isn't influential.
Tom thinks that Mary isn't the one who did that.
Tom thinks that Mary isn't the one who should do that.
Tom thinks that Mary isn't tired.
Tom thinks that Mary killed John.
Tom thinks that Mary kissed John.
Tom thinks that Mary knows what to do.
Tom thinks that Mary knows where John is.
Tom thinks that Mary knows who really did that.
Tom thinks that Mary knows.
Tom thinks that Mary lacks common sense.
Tom thinks that Mary lied.
Tom thinks that Mary looks great in blue.
Tom thinks that Mary made a big mistake.
Tom thinks that Mary made the right choice.
Tom thinks that Mary may be lactose intolerant.
Tom thinks that Mary may do that.
Tom thinks that Mary may have an eating disorder.
Tom thinks that Mary may win.
Tom thinks that Mary might be interested.
Tom thinks that Mary might do that.
Tom thinks that Mary might know the answer.
Tom thinks that Mary might leave him.
Tom thinks that Mary might not be interested.
Tom thinks that Mary might win.
Tom thinks that Mary needs to be more careful.
Tom thinks that Mary needs to do that, but she doesn't really need to.
Tom thinks that Mary probably didn't cry.
Tom thinks that Mary probably didn't do that.
Tom thinks that Mary probably didn't win.
Tom thinks that Mary probably hasn't done that yet.
Tom thinks that Mary should apologize to John for not doing what she said she'd do.
Tom thinks that Mary should apologize to John.
Tom thinks that Mary should be happy.
Tom thinks that Mary should do that.
Tom thinks that Mary should eat more fruit.
Tom thinks that Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom thinks that Mary shouldn't eat so much junk food.
Tom thinks that Mary shouldn't keep secrets from him.
Tom thinks that Mary spends too much time on her phone.
Tom thinks that Mary wants to do that, but she doesn't really want to.
Tom thinks that Mary was busy.
Tom thinks that Mary was having fun.
Tom thinks that Mary was hungry.
Tom thinks that Mary was in Australia.
Tom thinks that Mary was in Boston.
Tom thinks that Mary was murdered.
Tom thinks that Mary was tired.
Tom thinks that Mary wasn't busy.
Tom thinks that Mary wasn't having fun.
Tom thinks that Mary wasn't hungry.
Tom thinks that Mary wasn't in Australia last summer.
Tom thinks that Mary wasn't in Boston last summer.
Tom thinks that Mary wasn't tired.
Tom thinks that Mary wears too much makeup.
Tom thinks that Mary went to Australia.
Tom thinks that Mary went to Boston.
Tom thinks that Mary will actually do that.
Tom thinks that Mary will agree to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary will be able to convince John to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary will be able to convince John to stop doing that.
Tom thinks that Mary will be able to do that by herself.
Tom thinks that Mary will be able to get home by herself.
Tom thinks that Mary will be absent.
Tom thinks that Mary will be afraid.
Tom thinks that Mary will be alone.
Tom thinks that Mary will be amused by what's going on.
Tom thinks that Mary will be angry.
Tom thinks that Mary will be at home this evening.
Tom thinks that Mary will be awake until midnight.
Tom thinks that Mary will be back soon.
Tom thinks that Mary will be bored.
Tom thinks that Mary will be busy all day.
Tom thinks that Mary will be careful.
Tom thinks that Mary will be careless.
Tom thinks that Mary will be cold.
Tom thinks that Mary will be confused.
Tom thinks that Mary will be cooperative.
Tom thinks that Mary will be desperate to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary will be difficult to get along with.
Tom thinks that Mary will be discouraged.
Tom thinks that Mary will be displeased.
Tom thinks that Mary will be doing that by herself.
Tom thinks that Mary will be doing that for a few hours.
Tom thinks that Mary will be doing that tomorrow evening.
Tom thinks that Mary will be doing that tomorrow.
Tom thinks that Mary will be doing that until lunchtime.
Tom thinks that Mary will be doing that very soon.
Tom thinks that Mary will be doing that with John and him.
Tom thinks that Mary will be doing that with John.
Tom thinks that Mary will be doing that.
Tom thinks that Mary will be drunk by the time he gets home.
Tom thinks that Mary will be early.
Tom thinks that Mary will be embarrassed.
Tom thinks that Mary will be exhausted when she gets home.
Tom thinks that Mary will be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom thinks that Mary will be first.
Tom thinks that Mary will be forgiven for doing that.
Tom thinks that Mary will be frightened.
Tom thinks that Mary will be glad that that's going to happen.
Tom thinks that Mary will be gone by the time we get there.
Tom thinks that Mary will be heartbroken.
Tom thinks that Mary will be here all week.
Tom thinks that Mary will be here by noon.
Tom thinks that Mary will be here for three or four hours.
Tom thinks that Mary will be here in Australia all week.
Tom thinks that Mary will be here in Boston all week.
Tom thinks that Mary will be here soon.
Tom thinks that Mary will be here tomorrow.
Tom thinks that Mary will be here.
Tom thinks that Mary will be hesitant to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary will be impressed.
Tom thinks that Mary will be in Australia next weekend.
Tom thinks that Mary will be in Boston next weekend.
Tom thinks that Mary will be in her office on Monday.
Tom thinks that Mary will be in her office on October 20th.
Tom thinks that Mary will be interested in doing that.
Tom thinks that Mary will be interested.
Tom thinks that Mary will be jealous.
Tom thinks that Mary will be last.
Tom thinks that Mary will be late.
Tom thinks that Mary will be lonely.
Tom thinks that Mary will be mad.
Tom thinks that Mary will be motivated to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary will be nervous doing that.
Tom thinks that Mary will be nervous.
Tom thinks that Mary will be present at today's meeting.
Tom thinks that Mary will be punctual.
Tom thinks that Mary will be ready to do that on Monday.
Tom thinks that Mary will be ready to do that on October 20th.
Tom thinks that Mary will be ready.
Tom thinks that Mary will be reasonable.
Tom thinks that Mary will be reluctant to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary will be scared.
Tom thinks that Mary will be stubborn.
Tom thinks that Mary will be surprised.
Tom thinks that Mary will be suspicious.
Tom thinks that Mary will be sympathetic.
Tom thinks that Mary will be tempted to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary will be the first one to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary will be the last one to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary will be the next one to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary will be through doing that by now.
Tom thinks that Mary will be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom thinks that Mary will be unimpressed.
Tom thinks that Mary will be upset.
Tom thinks that Mary will be worried.
Tom thinks that Mary will cry.
Tom thinks that Mary will divorce her husband.
Tom thinks that Mary will do that by herself.
Tom thinks that Mary will do that for John.
Tom thinks that Mary will do that tomorrow.
Tom thinks that Mary will do that.
Tom thinks that Mary will eat what he makes for her.
Tom thinks that Mary will leave.
Tom thinks that Mary will lie to John about what happened yesterday.
Tom thinks that Mary will like John.
Tom thinks that Mary will never come back to Australia.
Tom thinks that Mary will never come back to Boston.
Tom thinks that Mary will never come back.
Tom thinks that Mary will probably be late.
Tom thinks that Mary will probably cry.
Tom thinks that Mary will probably do that.
Tom thinks that Mary will probably never do that.
Tom thinks that Mary will probably not want to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary will probably say yes.
Tom thinks that Mary will really do that.
Tom thinks that Mary will study French.
Tom thinks that Mary will want to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary will want to eat Mexican food for dinner.
Tom thinks that Mary will win.
Tom thinks that Mary won't actually do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be able to convince John to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be able to convince John to stop doing that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be able to do that by herself.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be able to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be able to get home by herself.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be able to pay all her bills this month.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be able to win.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be absent.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be afraid.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be alone.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be amused by what's going on.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be angry, but I think she will be.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be awake when he gets home.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be back soon.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be busy after 2:30 this afternoon.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be cold.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be cooperative.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be difficult to get along with.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be early.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be embarrassed.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be frightened by that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be gone by the time we get there.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be here until after lunch.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be here until lunchtime.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be hesitant to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be home on Monday.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be home on October 20th.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be impressed.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be in Australia much longer.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be in Boston much longer.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be interested in doing that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be interested.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be jealous.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be late.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be lonely.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be mad, but I think she will be.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be motivated to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be nervous doing that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be nervous.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be present at today's meeting.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be punctual.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be ready to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be ready.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be reluctant to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be scared.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be surprised.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be suspicious.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be tempted to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be the first one to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be the last one to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be the next one to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom thinks that Mary won't be worried.
Tom thinks that Mary won't cry.
Tom thinks that Mary won't do that by herself.
Tom thinks that Mary won't do that for John.
Tom thinks that Mary won't do that tomorrow.
Tom thinks that Mary won't do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't eat dessert.
Tom thinks that Mary won't ever come back.
Tom thinks that Mary won't forget to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't have to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't have to do this.
Tom thinks that Mary won't help John do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't help John.
Tom thinks that Mary won't kiss John.
Tom thinks that Mary won't like John.
Tom thinks that Mary won't like doing that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't like to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't likely cry.
Tom thinks that Mary won't likely do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't likely eat dessert.
Tom thinks that Mary won't likely win.
Tom thinks that Mary won't need to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't really do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't say yes.
Tom thinks that Mary won't speak French.
Tom thinks that Mary won't study French.
Tom thinks that Mary won't teach French.
Tom thinks that Mary won't want to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary won't win.
Tom thinks that Mary won.
Tom thinks that Mary would be a good basketball coach.
Tom thinks that Mary would be afraid to walk home alone at night.
Tom thinks that Mary would be amused by what's going on.
Tom thinks that Mary would be angry if he did that.
Tom thinks that Mary would be discouraged.
Tom thinks that Mary would be glad if that happened.
Tom thinks that Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary would be impressed.
Tom thinks that Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom thinks that Mary would be interested in going to the zoo with you and the children.
Tom thinks that Mary would be interested.
Tom thinks that Mary would be jealous.
Tom thinks that Mary would be lonely if she lived all alone in the woods.
Tom thinks that Mary would be mad if he did that.
Tom thinks that Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary would be nervous doing that.
Tom thinks that Mary would be perfect for the job.
Tom thinks that Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary would be surprised if you did that.
Tom thinks that Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary would be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom thinks that Mary would be upset if he did that.
Tom thinks that Mary would probably not do that.
Tom thinks that Mary would've come if she'd been invited.
Tom thinks that Mary would've come if someone had invited her.
Tom thinks that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom thinks that Mary wouldn't have to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary wouldn't like doing that.
Tom thinks that Mary wouldn't like to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary wouldn't likely do that.
Tom thinks that Mary wouldn't need to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary's work is easy.
Tom thinks that Vegemite is disgusting.
Tom thinks that all Asians look the same.
Tom thinks that all the world conspires against him.
Tom thinks that anything's possible.
Tom thinks that beer is good for you.
Tom thinks that cars have faces.
Tom thinks that doing that is a bad idea.
Tom thinks that doing that is a good idea.
Tom thinks that doing that isn't a bad idea.
Tom thinks that doing that isn't a good idea.
Tom thinks that doing that may be a bad idea.
Tom thinks that doing that may be a good idea.
Tom thinks that doing that may not be a bad idea.
Tom thinks that doing that may not be a good idea.
Tom thinks that doing that might be a bad idea.
Tom thinks that doing that might be a good idea.
Tom thinks that doing that might not be a bad idea.
Tom thinks that doing that might not be a good idea.
Tom thinks that doing that would be a bad idea.
Tom thinks that doing that would be a good idea.
Tom thinks that doing that would be a mistake.
Tom thinks that doing that would be a very bad idea.
Tom thinks that doing that would be a very good idea.
Tom thinks that doing that would be worthwhile.
Tom thinks that doing that wouldn't be a bad idea.
Tom thinks that doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Tom thinks that eating at a restaurant by himself is pathetic.
Tom thinks that everybody has to obey him.
Tom thinks that everybody must obey him.
Tom thinks that everyone lies as much as he does.
Tom thinks that everything is his business.
Tom thinks that everything will turn out OK.
Tom thinks that gambling is a sin.
Tom thinks that gambling is wrong.
Tom thinks that he can do anything he sets his mind to.
Tom thinks that he can do anything if he puts his mind to it.
Tom thinks that he can do that again.
Tom thinks that he can do that.
Tom thinks that he can do the job better than anyone else.
Tom thinks that he can do whatever he wants to.
Tom thinks that he can do whatever he wants.
Tom thinks that he can find another job.
Tom thinks that he can get away with this.
Tom thinks that he can get rid of his cold if he takes this medicine.
Tom thinks that he can graduate early.
Tom thinks that he can probably do that.
Tom thinks that he can probably help us tomorrow.
Tom thinks that he can probably take care of himself.
Tom thinks that he can probably win.
Tom thinks that he can prove it.
Tom thinks that he can save the world.
Tom thinks that he can sing.
Tom thinks that he can succeed where others have failed.
Tom thinks that he can take care of himself.
Tom thinks that he can tell when Mary is lying.
Tom thinks that he can trust Mary not to do something stupid.
Tom thinks that he can trust Mary.
Tom thinks that he can win.
Tom thinks that he could do that.
Tom thinks that he could probably do that.
Tom thinks that he could probably win.
Tom thinks that he could win.
Tom thinks that he doesn't have to do that.
Tom thinks that he doesn't need to do that.
Tom thinks that he got a bargain.
Tom thinks that he got a good bargain.
Tom thinks that he got a good price.
Tom thinks that he has a buyer for his house.
Tom thinks that he has found the answer.
Tom thinks that he has the flu.
Tom thinks that he has to help Mary.
Tom thinks that he is cleverer than me.
Tom thinks that he is unpunishable.
Tom thinks that he knows best.
Tom thinks that he knows everything.
Tom thinks that he knows how much money Mary makes, but Mary makes quite a bit more than Tom thinks she does.
Tom thinks that he knows how to get to Mary's house.
Tom thinks that he knows it all.
Tom thinks that he knows the answer.
Tom thinks that he knows what Mary is doing.
Tom thinks that he knows what Mary wants.
Tom thinks that he knows what to do.
Tom thinks that he knows what will happen next.
Tom thinks that he knows what's going on.
Tom thinks that he knows where Mary lives.
Tom thinks that he knows where Mary went.
Tom thinks that he knows where to find Mary.
Tom thinks that he knows who Mary's favorite musician is.
Tom thinks that he knows who really did that.
Tom thinks that he knows why Mary decided to become a nun.
Tom thinks that he knows why.
Tom thinks that he left his French textbook at Mary's.
Tom thinks that he left his umbrella on the train.
Tom thinks that he loves Mary more than John loves Alice.
Tom thinks that he may be able to help you.
Tom thinks that he might have the answer.
Tom thinks that he needs to help Mary.
Tom thinks that he needs to lose some weight, but Mary doesn't think so.
Tom thinks that he ought to help Mary.
Tom thinks that he should agree to do that.
Tom thinks that he should do that.
Tom thinks that he should help Mary.
Tom thinks that he should study French.
Tom thinks that he shouldn't do that.
Tom thinks that he speaks French better than Mary.
Tom thinks that he understands women.
Tom thinks that he was bitten by a werewolf.
Tom thinks that he will always get away with everything.
Tom thinks that he won't be able to do that.
Tom thinks that he won't be accepted into the family.
Tom thinks that he'd be a good basketball coach.
Tom thinks that he'll die soon.
Tom thinks that he'll get straight A's.
Tom thinks that he'll go shopping this afternoon.
Tom thinks that he'll never fall in love.
Tom thinks that he'll never see Mary again.
Tom thinks that he'll probably never fall in love.
Tom thinks that he's God's gift to women.
Tom thinks that he's Mary's boyfriend, but Mary thinks he's just a friend.
Tom thinks that he's Mary's boyfriend, but Mary thinks that he's just a friend.
Tom thinks that he's a big shot.
Tom thinks that he's a genius, but I don't agree with him.
Tom thinks that he's a genius.
Tom thinks that he's a good cook.
Tom thinks that he's a good driver.
Tom thinks that he's a good person.
Tom thinks that he's a good singer.
Tom thinks that he's a pretty good singer.
Tom thinks that he's always right.
Tom thinks that he's been betrayed.
Tom thinks that he's being reasonable.
Tom thinks that he's being shadowed by a private detective.
Tom thinks that he's better at French than he really is.
Tom thinks that he's better than Mary.
Tom thinks that he's better than anybody else.
Tom thinks that he's better than anyone else.
Tom thinks that he's better than everyone else.
Tom thinks that he's better than other people.
Tom thinks that he's different from other people.
Tom thinks that he's figured it out.
Tom thinks that he's found a solution to the problem.
Tom thinks that he's found a way to solve the problem.
Tom thinks that he's found the answer.
Tom thinks that he's funny.
Tom thinks that he's getting ripped off.
Tom thinks that he's going to be a star.
Tom thinks that he's going to die soon.
Tom thinks that he's going to lose the race.
Tom thinks that he's going to win the race.
Tom thinks that he's good-looking.
Tom thinks that he's handsome.
Tom thinks that he's in big trouble.
Tom thinks that he's in love.
Tom thinks that he's infallible.
Tom thinks that he's invincible.
Tom thinks that he's pretty good at French.
Tom thinks that he's pretty good at guitar.
Tom thinks that he's ready.
Tom thinks that he's related to me.
Tom thinks that he's smarter than Mary.
Tom thinks that he's smarter than anybody else.
Tom thinks that he's smarter than anyone else.
Tom thinks that he's smarter than everybody else, but he's not.
Tom thinks that he's smarter than everybody else.
Tom thinks that he's smarter than everyone else, but he's not.
Tom thinks that he's smarter than everyone else.
Tom thinks that he's smarter than everyone.
Tom thinks that he's smarter than me.
Tom thinks that he's so clever.
Tom thinks that he's stronger than I am.
Tom thinks that he's stronger than me.
Tom thinks that he's tallest person here.
Tom thinks that he's the best French speaker here.
Tom thinks that he's the best French teacher here.
Tom thinks that he's the best actor in the world.
Tom thinks that he's the best swimmer here.
Tom thinks that he's the center of the universe.
Tom thinks that he's the centre of the universe.
Tom thinks that he's the only person in town who can play the bagpipes.
Tom thinks that he's too good for us.
Tom thinks that he's too important to do that himself.
Tom thinks that his TV is watching him.
Tom thinks that his computer is possessed by an evil spirit.
Tom thinks that his country is the greatest country in the world.
Tom thinks that his house is haunted.
Tom thinks that his job is pointless.
Tom thinks that his leg is broken.
Tom thinks that his life is boring.
Tom thinks that his microwave is spying on him.
Tom thinks that his parents are infallible.
Tom thinks that his parents are perfect.
Tom thinks that his passport has been stolen.
Tom thinks that if he had done that earlier, he could have avoided a lot of problems.
Tom thinks that if he had done that earlier, he could've avoided a lot of problems.
Tom thinks that if he had done that, Mary would have been upset.
Tom thinks that if he had done that, Mary would've been upset.
Tom thinks that if he had tried a little harder, he could have won the race.
Tom thinks that if he had tried a little harder, he could've won the race.
Tom thinks that if he hadn't done that, Mary would still be alive.
Tom thinks that if he hadn't done that, Mary wouldn't be angry.
Tom thinks that if he'd tried a little harder, he could have won the race.
Tom thinks that if he'd tried a little harder, he could've won the race.
Tom thinks that it important for Mary to learn how to speak French.
Tom thinks that it possible for Mary to get a job with that company.
Tom thinks that it was a good experience.
Tom thinks that it was a prank.
Tom thinks that it was an accident.
Tom thinks that it will rain tomorrow.
Tom thinks that it won't be possible.
Tom thinks that it would be better not to change dollars into yen at this time.
Tom thinks that it would be better not to visit Mary right now.
Tom thinks that it'll be OK.
Tom thinks that it'll be a lot of fun.
Tom thinks that it'll be fine.
Tom thinks that it'll be impossible for Mary to break the record.
Tom thinks that it's a good idea.
Tom thinks that it's a great idea.
Tom thinks that it's a ridiculous idea.
Tom thinks that it's a waste of time.
Tom thinks that it's all a joke.
Tom thinks that it's better not to lend Mary any money.
Tom thinks that it's embarrassing.
Tom thinks that it's funny.
Tom thinks that it's going to rain.
Tom thinks that it's great.
Tom thinks that it's his fault that Mary died.
Tom thinks that it's hysterical.
Tom thinks that it's impossible.
Tom thinks that it's possible.
Tom thinks that it's pretty good.
Tom thinks that it's stupid.
Tom thinks that it's time for Mary to ask for help.
Tom thinks that most people are good.
Tom thinks that most people are kind.
Tom thinks that nothing bad can happen to him.
Tom thinks that open communication is key to mutual learning.
Tom thinks that personality is more important than looks.
Tom thinks that raising the minimum wage would be a bad idea.
Tom thinks that school is a waste of time.
Tom thinks that schools should teach children to obey authority.
Tom thinks that some of his friends could do that.
Tom thinks that some of his friends did that.
Tom thinks that some of his friends may be able to do that.
Tom thinks that some of his friends may do that.
Tom thinks that some of his friends may not be able to do that.
Tom thinks that some of his friends might be able to do that.
Tom thinks that some of his friends might do that.
Tom thinks that some of his friends might not be able to do that.
Tom thinks that some of his friends will do that.
Tom thinks that some of his friends will want to do that.
Tom thinks that sports are a waste of time.
Tom thinks that that'll work.
Tom thinks that that's a mistake.
Tom thinks that that's crazy.
Tom thinks that that's good enough.
Tom thinks that that's normal.
Tom thinks that that's not a good idea.
Tom thinks that that's ridiculous.
Tom thinks that that's strange.
Tom thinks that that's true.
Tom thinks that the U.S. school system takes the fun out of learning.
Tom thinks that the answer is no.
Tom thinks that the answer is yes.
Tom thinks that the dress I bought for Mary is too big.
Tom thinks that the food Mary makes is usually too spicy.
Tom thinks that the new reddit app is much clunkier than the one he's currently using.
Tom thinks that the plan may backfire.
Tom thinks that the problem is bigger than it actually is.
Tom thinks that the purpose of life is happiness.
Tom thinks that the purpose of life is not happiness.
Tom thinks that the sun revolves around the earth.
Tom thinks that the two of you are made for each other.
Tom thinks that the world is getting better.
Tom thinks that the world is getting worse all the time.
Tom thinks that there are ghosts here.
Tom thinks that there's a chance that Mary won't be at the meeting.
Tom thinks that there's a good chance he'll find Mary.
Tom thinks that there's a good chance that Mary will say yes.
Tom thinks that there's a good possibility that Mary will agree to babysit the children on Friday night.
Tom thinks that there's hope.
Tom thinks that there's nothing he can't do.
Tom thinks that there's something Mary isn't telling him.
Tom thinks that they'll all be here by noon.
Tom thinks that this is a mistake.
Tom thinks that this is stupid.
Tom thinks that this place is haunted.
Tom thinks that this price is reasonable.
Tom thinks that this will be fun.
Tom thinks that those shoes will be too big.
Tom thinks that vaping is safer than smoking cigarettes, but Mary isn't so sure.
Tom thinks that vaping is safer than smoking cigarettes, but Mary's not so sure.
Tom thinks that volleyball is more fun than basketball.
Tom thinks that wasting food is a sin.
Tom thinks that we can do that.
Tom thinks that we can swim.
Tom thinks that we can take care of ourselves.
Tom thinks that we can win.
Tom thinks that we can't do that.
Tom thinks that we can't win.
Tom thinks that we don't want to go.
Tom thinks that we should leave early.
Tom thinks that we won't be able to do that.
Tom thinks that we won't be able to win.
Tom thinks that we're crazy.
Tom thinks that we're dead.
Tom thinks that we're in some kind of rut.
Tom thinks that whales are worth saving.
Tom thinks that what I did was wrong.
Tom thinks that what Mary did was wrong.
Tom thinks that women always tell their best friends everything.
Tom thinks that women in America wear too much perfume.
Tom thinks that you can do it.
Tom thinks that you can do that.
Tom thinks that you can swim.
Tom thinks that you can take care of yourself.
Tom thinks that you can win.
Tom thinks that you can't do that.
Tom thinks that you can't win.
Tom thinks that you did that on purpose.
Tom thinks that you know something.
Tom thinks that you need to sleep more.
Tom thinks that you should do that.
Tom thinks that you should sleep more.
Tom thinks that you should study French.
Tom thinks that you should talk to Mary.
Tom thinks that you shouldn't do that.
Tom thinks that you want me to pay for it.
Tom thinks that you want me to pay the bill.
Tom thinks that you wouldn't do that.
Tom thinks that you'll enjoy this.
Tom thinks that you're cute.
Tom thinks that you're doing it on purpose.
Tom thinks that you're doing that wrong.
Tom thinks that you're going to be here tomorrow.
Tom thinks that you're good at French, but I know you're not.
Tom thinks that you're lying.
Tom thinks that you're stupid.
Tom thinks that your ideas are stupid.
Tom thinks that'll work.
Tom thinks that's a mistake.
Tom thinks that's crazy.
Tom thinks that's good enough.
Tom thinks that's normal.
Tom thinks that's not a good idea.
Tom thinks that's ridiculous.
Tom thinks that's strange.
Tom thinks that's true.
Tom thinks the Sun goes round the Earth.
Tom thinks the Sun orbits the Earth.
Tom thinks the answer is no.
Tom thinks the answer is yes.
Tom thinks the dress I bought for Mary is too big.
Tom thinks the food Mary makes is usually too spicy.
Tom thinks the house is haunted.
Tom thinks the plan may backfire.
Tom thinks the problem is bigger than it actually is.
Tom thinks the same way.
Tom thinks the sun revolves around the earth.
Tom thinks the two of you are made for each other.
Tom thinks the world is getting better.
Tom thinks the world is getting worse all the time.
Tom thinks the world of Mary.
Tom thinks the world would be much more convenient without marginalized people.
Tom thinks there are ghosts here.
Tom thinks there are infinitely many cousin primes.
Tom thinks there is something wrong with some politicians.
Tom thinks there's a chance that Mary won't be at the meeting.
Tom thinks there's a good chance he'll find Mary.
Tom thinks there's a good chance that Mary will say yes.
Tom thinks there's a good possibility that Mary will agree to babysit the children on Friday night.
Tom thinks there's hope.
Tom thinks there's something Mary isn't telling him.
Tom thinks there’s a good possibility that Mary will agree to babysit the children on Friday night.
Tom thinks they'll all be here by noon.
Tom thinks this is a mistake.
Tom thinks this is cool.
Tom thinks this is stupid.
Tom thinks this place is haunted.
Tom thinks this price is reasonable.
Tom thinks this will be fun.
Tom thinks those shoes will be too big.
Tom thinks three times before doing nothing at all.
Tom thinks vaping is safer than smoking cigarettes, but Mary isn't so sure.
Tom thinks very highly of you.
Tom thinks volleyball is more fun than basketball.
Tom thinks wasting food is a sin.
Tom thinks we can do it.
Tom thinks we can do that.
Tom thinks we can swim.
Tom thinks we can take care of ourselves.
Tom thinks we can win.
Tom thinks we can't do that.
Tom thinks we can't win.
Tom thinks we don't trust him.
Tom thinks we don't want to go.
Tom thinks we should leave early.
Tom thinks we won't be able to do that.
Tom thinks we won't be able to win.
Tom thinks we're crazy.
Tom thinks we're dead.
Tom thinks we're idiots.
Tom thinks we're illiterate.
Tom thinks we're in some kind of rut.
Tom thinks we're so stupid.
Tom thinks we're stupid.
Tom thinks whales are worth saving.
Tom thinks what I did was wrong.
Tom thinks what Mary did was wrong.
Tom thinks women always tell their best friends everything.
Tom thinks women in America wear too much perfume.
Tom thinks wrestling is real.
Tom thinks you can do it.
Tom thinks you can do that.
Tom thinks you can swim.
Tom thinks you can take care of yourself.
Tom thinks you can win.
Tom thinks you can't do that.
Tom thinks you can't win.
Tom thinks you did that on purpose.
Tom thinks you did.
Tom thinks you had something to do with it.
Tom thinks you know something.
Tom thinks you need to sleep more.
Tom thinks you should do that.
Tom thinks you should study French.
Tom thinks you should talk to Mary.
Tom thinks you shouldn't do that.
Tom thinks you want me to pay for it.
Tom thinks you want me to pay the bill.
Tom thinks you wouldn't do that.
Tom thinks you'll enjoy this.
Tom thinks you're cute, but he's too scared to say anything.
Tom thinks you're cute, but he's too shy to say anything.
Tom thinks you're cute.
Tom thinks you're doing it on purpose.
Tom thinks you're doing that wrong.
Tom thinks you're going to be here tomorrow.
Tom thinks you're good at French, but I know you're not.
Tom thinks you're lying.
Tom thinks you're stupid.
Tom thinks your ideas are stupid.
Tom thoroughly washed his feet.
Tom thought Africa was a country.
Tom thought Cookie would be a good name for his dog.
Tom thought I ate his piece of cake.
Tom thought I didn't have to do that.
Tom thought I didn't need to do that.
Tom thought I didn't want to do that.
Tom thought I had to do that.
Tom thought I hated him.
Tom thought I knew Mary.
Tom thought I might be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom thought I might be allowed to do that soon.
Tom thought I might be allowed to do that.
Tom thought I might be interested.
Tom thought I might be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom thought I might be permitted to do that today.
Tom thought I might be permitted to do that.
Tom thought I might be required to do that by myself.
Tom thought I might be required to do that.
Tom thought I might have to do that by myself.
Tom thought I might have to do that soon.
Tom thought I might have to do that today.
Tom thought I might have to do that.
Tom thought I might need to do that by myself.
Tom thought I might need to do that.
Tom thought I might not be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom thought I might not be allowed to do that this week.
Tom thought I might not be allowed to do that.
Tom thought I might not be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom thought I might not be permitted to do that this week.
Tom thought I might not be permitted to do that.
Tom thought I might not be required to do that by myself.
Tom thought I might not be required to do that until October.
Tom thought I might not be required to do that.
Tom thought I might not have to do that by myself.
Tom thought I might not have to do that today.
Tom thought I might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom thought I might not have to do that.
Tom thought I might not need to do that by myself.
Tom thought I might not need to do that today.
Tom thought I might not need to do that.
Tom thought I might not want to do that by myself.
Tom thought I might not want to do that.
Tom thought I might not win.
Tom thought I might want to do that by myself.
Tom thought I might want to do that.
Tom thought I might win.
Tom thought I needed to do that.
Tom thought I ought to do that.
Tom thought I should do that.
Tom thought I shouldn't do that.
Tom thought I wanted him to help me do that.
Tom thought I wanted to do that.
Tom thought I was Mary's boyfriend.
Tom thought I was Mary.
Tom thought I was a criminal.
Tom thought I was being sarcastic.
Tom thought I was crazy.
Tom thought I was flirting with him.
Tom thought I was going to be able to do that.
Tom thought I was joking.
Tom thought I was losing it.
Tom thought I was lying.
Tom thought I was making it up.
Tom thought I was my brother.
Tom thought I was serious.
Tom thought I was stupid.
Tom thought I was the only one who had to do that.
Tom thought I was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom thought I was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom thought I was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom thought I was you.
Tom thought I'd already done that.
Tom thought I'd let him down.
Tom thought John was Mary's son.
Tom thought John was his brother.
Tom thought Mary already had a driver's license.
Tom thought Mary already knew how to do that.
Tom thought Mary already knew how to drive a car.
Tom thought Mary and I might be permitted to do that by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I might have to do that by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I might need to do that by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I might not be permitted to do that by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I went into the woods to kill ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I were supposed to do that by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I would be doing that by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I wouldn't be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I wouldn't enjoy camping by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I wouldn't enjoy doing that by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I'd be doing that by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary could beat John.
Tom thought Mary could cook better than she really could.
Tom thought Mary could do it.
Tom thought Mary could do that if she had some help.
Tom thought Mary could do that.
Tom thought Mary could get a job.
Tom thought Mary could help.
Tom thought Mary could probably beat him in a swimming race.
Tom thought Mary could save him.
Tom thought Mary could speak French.
Tom thought Mary could win.
Tom thought Mary couldn't do that.
Tom thought Mary despised John.
Tom thought Mary despised him.
Tom thought Mary did it, even though she said she didn't.
Tom thought Mary did it.
Tom thought Mary did that on purpose.
Tom thought Mary did that.
Tom thought Mary didn't drive a car.
Tom thought Mary didn't know how to speak French.
Tom thought Mary didn't like cats.
Tom thought Mary didn't like computer games.
Tom thought Mary didn't like him anymore.
Tom thought Mary didn't like him.
Tom thought Mary didn't speak French.
Tom thought Mary didn't understand French.
Tom thought Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom thought Mary didn't want to play chess with him.
Tom thought Mary didn't want to swim.
Tom thought Mary didn’t like cats.
Tom thought Mary expected him to kiss her.
Tom thought Mary had a boyfriend.
Tom thought Mary had a car.
Tom thought Mary had a lot of money.
Tom thought Mary had agreed to do that.
Tom thought Mary had already done that.
Tom thought Mary had already finished doing that.
Tom thought Mary had already gone home.
Tom thought Mary had been kidnapped.
Tom thought Mary had died.
Tom thought Mary had done that already.
Tom thought Mary had done that.
Tom thought Mary had eaten breakfast.
Tom thought Mary had finished doing that already.
Tom thought Mary had finished doing that.
Tom thought Mary had lied to him about where she'd been.
Tom thought Mary had made a mistake.
Tom thought Mary had run away.
Tom thought Mary had the IQ of a lizard.
Tom thought Mary had to do that.
Tom thought Mary had tried to kill herself.
Tom thought Mary hated him.
Tom thought Mary knew John.
Tom thought Mary knew how much he hated opera.
Tom thought Mary knew how to program in Python, JavaScript and Perl.
Tom thought Mary knew what time she was supposed to show up.
Tom thought Mary knew where to buy black pepper.
Tom thought Mary knew who he was.
Tom thought Mary knew who his father was.
Tom thought Mary knew who to turn the report in to.
Tom thought Mary knew why he didn't like her.
Tom thought Mary knew why he didn’t like her.
Tom thought Mary lied to him about where she'd been.
Tom thought Mary liked him.
Tom thought Mary liked me, but I knew she hated me.
Tom thought Mary liked me.
Tom thought Mary lived in Australia.
Tom thought Mary lived in Boston.
Tom thought Mary lived on Park Street.
Tom thought Mary looked beautiful.
Tom thought Mary looked exhausted.
Tom thought Mary looked nervous doing that.
Tom thought Mary looked nervous.
Tom thought Mary looked very tired.
Tom thought Mary loved him.
Tom thought Mary might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom thought Mary might be allowed to do that in the near future.
Tom thought Mary might be allowed to do that.
Tom thought Mary might be late.
Tom thought Mary might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom thought Mary might be permitted to do that next weekend.
Tom thought Mary might be permitted to do that.
Tom thought Mary might be required to do that by herself.
Tom thought Mary might be required to do that.
Tom thought Mary might do that.
Tom thought Mary might have been brainwashed.
Tom thought Mary might have to do that by herself.
Tom thought Mary might have to do that on Monday.
Tom thought Mary might have to do that on October 20th.
Tom thought Mary might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom thought Mary might have to do that.
Tom thought Mary might have to stay in Australia until three days before Christmas.
Tom thought Mary might have to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom thought Mary might have to walk home by herself.
Tom thought Mary might kill herself.
Tom thought Mary might kiss John.
Tom thought Mary might know the answer.
Tom thought Mary might like to do that.
Tom thought Mary might like to go to Australia with him.
Tom thought Mary might like to go to Boston with him.
Tom thought Mary might like to stay for a few days.
Tom thought Mary might need to do that again.
Tom thought Mary might need to do that by herself.
Tom thought Mary might need to do that today.
Tom thought Mary might need to do that.
Tom thought Mary might need to walk home by herself.
Tom thought Mary might not be allowed to do that again.
Tom thought Mary might not be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom thought Mary might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom thought Mary might not be allowed to do that.
Tom thought Mary might not be permitted to do that again.
Tom thought Mary might not be permitted to do that anymore.
Tom thought Mary might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom thought Mary might not be permitted to do that.
Tom thought Mary might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom thought Mary might not be required to do that by herself.
Tom thought Mary might not be required to do that.
Tom thought Mary might not have to do that again.
Tom thought Mary might not have to do that anymore.
Tom thought Mary might not have to do that by herself.
Tom thought Mary might not have to do that.
Tom thought Mary might not know John.
Tom thought Mary might not need to do that again.
Tom thought Mary might not need to do that anymore.
Tom thought Mary might not need to do that by herself.
Tom thought Mary might not need to do that.
Tom thought Mary might not want to do that by herself.
Tom thought Mary might not want to do that on a cold day like today.
Tom thought Mary might not want to do that.
Tom thought Mary might refuse to do that.
Tom thought Mary might refuse to help him.
Tom thought Mary might try to kill herself.
Tom thought Mary might want to do that by herself.
Tom thought Mary might want to do that early tomorrow afternoon.
Tom thought Mary might want to do that.
Tom thought Mary might want to walk home by herself.
Tom thought Mary might've been brainwashed.
Tom thought Mary needed to do that.
Tom thought Mary ought to do that.
Tom thought Mary probably did that.
Tom thought Mary probably didn't know that John spoke French.
Tom thought Mary probably would do that.
Tom thought Mary probably wouldn't cry.
Tom thought Mary probably wouldn't do that.
Tom thought Mary probably wouldn't win.
Tom thought Mary seemed really busy.
Tom thought Mary seemed really happy.
Tom thought Mary seemed to be gaining weight.
Tom thought Mary should do that on October 20th.
Tom thought Mary should go over to John's house and help him.
Tom thought Mary should go over to John’s house and help him.
Tom thought Mary spoke French.
Tom thought Mary taught French.
Tom thought Mary understood French.
Tom thought Mary wanted him to kiss her, but he wasn't sure, so he didn't.
Tom thought Mary wanted him to kiss her.
Tom thought Mary wanted to do that.
Tom thought Mary wanted to quit doing that.
Tom thought Mary was Canadian.
Tom thought Mary was John's cousin.
Tom thought Mary was John's girlfriend.
Tom thought Mary was John's sister.
Tom thought Mary was John's wife.
Tom thought Mary was a Canadian.
Tom thought Mary was a French teacher.
Tom thought Mary was a genius.
Tom thought Mary was a good cook.
Tom thought Mary was a high school student.
Tom thought Mary was a little overweight.
Tom thought Mary was a nurse.
Tom thought Mary was a teacher.
Tom thought Mary was a very good French teacher.
Tom thought Mary was afraid.
Tom thought Mary was alone.
Tom thought Mary was an architect.
Tom thought Mary was an idiot.
Tom thought Mary was an unfit mother.
Tom thought Mary was angry.
Tom thought Mary was annoyed.
Tom thought Mary was asking too many questions.
Tom thought Mary was asleep, but she was awake.
Tom thought Mary was asleep.
Tom thought Mary was at home.
Tom thought Mary was at work.
Tom thought Mary was attractive.
Tom thought Mary was awake.
Tom thought Mary was beautiful.
Tom thought Mary was being sarcastic.
Tom thought Mary was being unreasonable.
Tom thought Mary was bored.
Tom thought Mary was broke.
Tom thought Mary was busy.
Tom thought Mary was careless.
Tom thought Mary was charming.
Tom thought Mary was coming back.
Tom thought Mary was confused.
Tom thought Mary was cooperative.
Tom thought Mary was crazy.
Tom thought Mary was cute, but he was too shy to say anything to her.
Tom thought Mary was cute.
Tom thought Mary was dead.
Tom thought Mary was depressed.
Tom thought Mary was desperate to do that.
Tom thought Mary was desperate.
Tom thought Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom thought Mary was discouraged.
Tom thought Mary was displeased.
Tom thought Mary was doing that today.
Tom thought Mary was downstairs.
Tom thought Mary was drunk.
Tom thought Mary was embarrassed.
Tom thought Mary was exaggerating.
Tom thought Mary was first.
Tom thought Mary was frightened.
Tom thought Mary was from Australia.
Tom thought Mary was from Boston.
Tom thought Mary was funny.
Tom thought Mary was glad that that's going to happen.
Tom thought Mary was going to be able to do that.
Tom thought Mary was going to be here.
Tom thought Mary was going to be late.
Tom thought Mary was going to die.
Tom thought Mary was going to do that for him.
Tom thought Mary was going to do that with him.
Tom thought Mary was going to do that.
Tom thought Mary was going to help him.
Tom thought Mary was going to hit him.
Tom thought Mary was going to hug him.
Tom thought Mary was going to kiss him.
Tom thought Mary was going to let him go home early.
Tom thought Mary was going to tell him what to do.
Tom thought Mary was going to try to kill herself.
Tom thought Mary was going to win.
Tom thought Mary was guilty.
Tom thought Mary was happy.
Tom thought Mary was having a good time.
Tom thought Mary was having a heart attack.
Tom thought Mary was having fun.
Tom thought Mary was having money problems.
Tom thought Mary was here.
Tom thought Mary was hiding something from him.
Tom thought Mary was homesick.
Tom thought Mary was hungry.
Tom thought Mary was impressed.
Tom thought Mary was in Australia, but she was actually in New Zealand.
Tom thought Mary was in Australia, but she was really in New Zealand.
Tom thought Mary was in Australia.
Tom thought Mary was in Boston, but she was actually in Chicago.
Tom thought Mary was in Boston, but she was really in Chicago.
Tom thought Mary was in Boston.
Tom thought Mary was in her bedroom.
Tom thought Mary was in her office on Mondays.
Tom thought Mary was in high school.
Tom thought Mary was in the room.
Tom thought Mary was innocent.
Tom thought Mary was interested in baseball.
Tom thought Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom thought Mary was interested.
Tom thought Mary was involved.
Tom thought Mary was jealous.
Tom thought Mary was joking, but she was being serious.
Tom thought Mary was joking, but she was very serious.
Tom thought Mary was joking.
Tom thought Mary was just kidding, but she was not.
Tom thought Mary was just kidding, but she wasn't.
Tom thought Mary was just pretending to be happy.
Tom thought Mary was kidding him.
Tom thought Mary was kidding.
Tom thought Mary was last.
Tom thought Mary was likely to get the job.
Tom thought Mary was likely to want to leave early.
Tom thought Mary was listening, but she wasn't.
Tom thought Mary was listening.
Tom thought Mary was lonely.
Tom thought Mary was losing it.
Tom thought Mary was lying about where she'd been.
Tom thought Mary was lying to him.
Tom thought Mary was lying.
Tom thought Mary was mad.
Tom thought Mary was married.
Tom thought Mary was miserable.
Tom thought Mary was mistaken.
Tom thought Mary was moving to Australia, but he was mistaken.
Tom thought Mary was moving to Boston, but he was mistaken.
Tom thought Mary was my sister.
Tom thought Mary was nervous doing that.
Tom thought Mary was nervous.
Tom thought Mary was no longer in love with him.
Tom thought Mary was offended.
Tom thought Mary was outside.
Tom thought Mary was pregnant.
Tom thought Mary was present at today's meeting.
Tom thought Mary was pretty.
Tom thought Mary was probably about thirty.
Tom thought Mary was probably not going to attend the event.
Tom thought Mary was probably over thirty.
Tom thought Mary was probably still somewhere in Australia.
Tom thought Mary was probably still somewhere in Boston.
Tom thought Mary was probably too young to drive.
Tom thought Mary was quite attractive.
Tom thought Mary was ready to do that.
Tom thought Mary was ready.
Tom thought Mary was really friendly.
Tom thought Mary was really mean.
Tom thought Mary was rich.
Tom thought Mary was right.
Tom thought Mary was rude.
Tom thought Mary was safe.
Tom thought Mary was scared.
Tom thought Mary was shy.
Tom thought Mary was single, but he wasn't really sure.
Tom thought Mary was single.
Tom thought Mary was sleeping, but she was actually awake.
Tom thought Mary was sleeping, but she was awake.
Tom thought Mary was sleeping.
Tom thought Mary was sleepy.
Tom thought Mary was still living on Park Street.
Tom thought Mary was still outside.
Tom thought Mary was still sleeping.
Tom thought Mary was stupid.
Tom thought Mary was surprised.
Tom thought Mary was suspicious.
Tom thought Mary was talking about John.
Tom thought Mary was terrified.
Tom thought Mary was the best dancer he'd ever seen.
Tom thought Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom thought Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom thought Mary was the most beautiful girl in the world.
Tom thought Mary was the most beautiful woman in the whole world.
Tom thought Mary was the most beautiful woman in the world.
Tom thought Mary was the one who did that.
Tom thought Mary was the one who had told John to do that.
Tom thought Mary was the one who was going to do that.
Tom thought Mary was the prettiest girl he'd ever seen.
Tom thought Mary was the weird one.
Tom thought Mary was through doing that.
Tom thought Mary was tired.
Tom thought Mary was too slow.
Tom thought Mary was unimpressed.
Tom thought Mary was unlikely to do that.
Tom thought Mary was upset.
Tom thought Mary was very funny.
Tom thought Mary was very rude.
Tom thought Mary was wasting her time studying French.
Tom thought Mary was wasting her time.
Tom thought Mary was with John.
Tom thought Mary was worried.
Tom thought Mary wasn't a natural blonde.
Tom thought Mary wasn't a very good cook.
Tom thought Mary wasn't absent.
Tom thought Mary wasn't afraid.
Tom thought Mary wasn't alone.
Tom thought Mary wasn't as cooperative as she should have been.
Tom thought Mary wasn't as cooperative as she should've been.
Tom thought Mary wasn't at home last Monday.
Tom thought Mary wasn't at home.
Tom thought Mary wasn't awake.
Tom thought Mary wasn't being very cooperative.
Tom thought Mary wasn't bored.
Tom thought Mary wasn't cold.
Tom thought Mary wasn't doing that today.
Tom thought Mary wasn't drunk, but she was.
Tom thought Mary wasn't finished doing that yet.
Tom thought Mary wasn't finished doing that.
Tom thought Mary wasn't funny.
Tom thought Mary wasn't getting enough sleep.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to be angry at him.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to be doing that.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to be here today.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to be here.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to be mad at him.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to do that.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to get into college.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to pass the exam.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to win.
Tom thought Mary wasn't happy.
Tom thought Mary wasn't here.
Tom thought Mary wasn't impressed.
Tom thought Mary wasn't in Australia.
Tom thought Mary wasn't in Boston.
Tom thought Mary wasn't in her office.
Tom thought Mary wasn't influential, but she was.
Tom thought Mary wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom thought Mary wasn't interested in sports.
Tom thought Mary wasn't interested.
Tom thought Mary wasn't likely to do that.
Tom thought Mary wasn't nervous doing that.
Tom thought Mary wasn't present at today's meeting.
Tom thought Mary wasn't ready to do that.
Tom thought Mary wasn't scared.
Tom thought Mary wasn't surprised.
Tom thought Mary wasn't through doing that yet.
Tom thought Mary wasn't tired.
Tom thought Mary wasn't very funny.
Tom thought Mary wasn't worried.
Tom thought Mary wasn't yet finished doing that.
Tom thought Mary worked for John.
Tom thought Mary would be a good babysitter.
Tom thought Mary would be able to do that.
Tom thought Mary would be able to win.
Tom thought Mary would be absent.
Tom thought Mary would be afraid.
Tom thought Mary would be alone.
Tom thought Mary would be amused when she heard what John did.
Tom thought Mary would be angry.
Tom thought Mary would be at John's party.
Tom thought Mary would be at home.
Tom thought Mary would be awake when he got home.
Tom thought Mary would be back by 2:30.
Tom thought Mary would be back soon.
Tom thought Mary would be bored, but he was wrong.
Tom thought Mary would be busy.
Tom thought Mary would be careful.
Tom thought Mary would be cold.
Tom thought Mary would be confused, but she wasn't.
Tom thought Mary would be cooperative.
Tom thought Mary would be depressed.
Tom thought Mary would be desperate to do that.
Tom thought Mary would be difficult to get along with.
Tom thought Mary would be discouraged.
Tom thought Mary would be doing that later this afternoon.
Tom thought Mary would be doing that.
Tom thought Mary would be drunk, but she seemed sober.
Tom thought Mary would be early.
Tom thought Mary would be embarrassed.
Tom thought Mary would be exhausted.
Tom thought Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom thought Mary would be first.
Tom thought Mary would be frightened by that.
Tom thought Mary would be glad to see him.
Tom thought Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom thought Mary would be grouchy.
Tom thought Mary would be heartbroken.
Tom thought Mary would be here today.
Tom thought Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom thought Mary would be impressed.
Tom thought Mary would be in Australia for three weeks.
Tom thought Mary would be in Boston for three weeks.
Tom thought Mary would be in her office.
Tom thought Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom thought Mary would be interested in visiting one of the art museums.
Tom thought Mary would be interested.
Tom thought Mary would be jealous.
Tom thought Mary would be last.
Tom thought Mary would be late.
Tom thought Mary would be lonely.
Tom thought Mary would be mad.
Tom thought Mary would be more cooperative.
Tom thought Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom thought Mary would be nervous doing that.
Tom thought Mary would be nervous.
Tom thought Mary would be on time.
Tom thought Mary would be present at today's meeting.
Tom thought Mary would be punctual.
Tom thought Mary would be ready to do that.
Tom thought Mary would be ready.
Tom thought Mary would be reasonable.
Tom thought Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom thought Mary would be retired by now.
Tom thought Mary would be scared.
Tom thought Mary would be sleepy.
Tom thought Mary would be surprised.
Tom thought Mary would be suspicious.
Tom thought Mary would be sympathetic.
Tom thought Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom thought Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom thought Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom thought Mary would be the next one to do that.
Tom thought Mary would be there.
Tom thought Mary would be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom thought Mary would be tired.
Tom thought Mary would be too busy to help him.
Tom thought Mary would be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom thought Mary would be upset if he did that.
Tom thought Mary would be worried.
Tom thought Mary would come back.
Tom thought Mary would come to his party.
Tom thought Mary would cry.
Tom thought Mary would die an old maid.
Tom thought Mary would do that for him.
Tom thought Mary would do that on October 20th.
Tom thought Mary would do that with him.
Tom thought Mary would do that.
Tom thought Mary would do the right thing.
Tom thought Mary would eat more.
Tom thought Mary would enjoy doing that.
Tom thought Mary would enjoy the concert.
Tom thought Mary would forget to do that.
Tom thought Mary would have to do that.
Tom thought Mary would help him.
Tom thought Mary would kiss him.
Tom thought Mary would know where John was.
Tom thought Mary would like Indonesian food.
Tom thought Mary would like John.
Tom thought Mary would like doing that.
Tom thought Mary would like this movie.
Tom thought Mary would like to do that.
Tom thought Mary would like to go to Australia to see John.
Tom thought Mary would like to go to Boston to see John.
Tom thought Mary would likely be there.
Tom thought Mary would likely come to his party.
Tom thought Mary would likely cry.
Tom thought Mary would likely do that.
Tom thought Mary would likely know John's telephone number.
Tom thought Mary would likely know what to do.
Tom thought Mary would likely know where John lived.
Tom thought Mary would likely not cry.
Tom thought Mary would likely not do that.
Tom thought Mary would likely not win.
Tom thought Mary would likely refuse to do that.
Tom thought Mary would likely win.
Tom thought Mary would make a good bounty hunter.
Tom thought Mary would need to do that.
Tom thought Mary would never do that.
Tom thought Mary would never leave him.
Tom thought Mary would probably be willing to help.
Tom thought Mary would probably do that.
Tom thought Mary would probably fail her French test.
Tom thought Mary would probably refuse to do that.
Tom thought Mary would probably refuse to help him.
Tom thought Mary would probably win.
Tom thought Mary would remember him.
Tom thought Mary would want him to do that for her.
Tom thought Mary would want to do that.
Tom thought Mary would want to know that John was planning to be in Australia next week.
Tom thought Mary would want to know that John was planning to be in Boston next week.
Tom thought Mary would win.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't be able to beat him at chess.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't be able to convince John to do that.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't be able to convince John to stop doing that.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't be able to earn more than thirty dollars an hour.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't do that for him.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't do that with him.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't eat what John had made.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't enjoy the movie.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't forget to do that.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't forgive him.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't have to do that.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't have to sing.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't help him.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't like Australia.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't like Boston.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't like John.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't like Malaysian food.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't like doing that.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't like to do that.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't likely be busy in the morning.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't likely be busy.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't likely be there.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't likely come to his party.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't likely cry.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't likely do that.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't likely know what to do.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't likely win.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't need to do that.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't see him.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't want him at her wedding.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't want to buy such a small car.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't want to live in Australia.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't want to live in Boston.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't win.
Tom thought Mary wouldn’t be able to earn more than thirty dollars an hour.
Tom thought Mary wouldn’t want to buy such a small car.
Tom thought Mary wouldn’t want to live in Boston.
Tom thought Mary's behavior was inappropriate.
Tom thought Mary's cooking was delicious.
Tom thought Mary's dress wasn't appropriate for the occasion.
Tom thought Mary's fox was a dog.
Tom thought Mary's idea was a good one.
Tom thought Mary's joke was hilarious.
Tom thought Mary's offer was unreasonable.
Tom thought Mary's plan was a good one.
Tom thought Mary's plan was perfect.
Tom thought Mary's plan was pretty good.
Tom thought Mary's plan wasn't any good.
Tom thought Mary's plan wasn't very good.
Tom thought Mary's skirt was way too short.
Tom thought Mary’s behavior was inappropriate.
Tom thought Mary’s cooking was delicious.
Tom thought Mary’s dress wasn’t appropriate for the occasion.
Tom thought Mary’s offer was unreasonable.
Tom thought a long time before answering the question.
Tom thought a trip by automobile was a good idea.
Tom thought about Mary a lot.
Tom thought about Mary all the time.
Tom thought about committing suicide.
Tom thought about enlisting after being approached by an army recruiter.
Tom thought about it a great deal.
Tom thought about it a moment.
Tom thought about it all day.
Tom thought about it and agreed that Mary was right.
Tom thought about it and realized that Mary was right.
Tom thought about it for a moment.
Tom thought about it for a very long time.
Tom thought about it for several days.
Tom thought about it very carefully.
Tom thought about it.
Tom thought about reaching for his gun, but decided not to.
Tom thought about this.
Tom thought about what Mary had said.
Tom thought about what Mary had told him.
Tom thought about what Mary said.
Tom thought about what he'd do when he got out of prison.
Tom thought about what it would be like to kiss Mary.
Tom thought an umbrella would be a needless encumbrance, which is why he's now soaking wet.
Tom thought an umbrella would be an unnecessary burden, which is why he's now soaking wet.
Tom thought both of Mary's ideas were good.
Tom thought doing that was easy.
Tom thought doing that would be a mistake.
Tom thought everything was easy.
Tom thought everything was in order.
Tom thought everything would turn out just fine.
Tom thought for a moment.
Tom thought he could cheer Mary up.
Tom thought he could count on Mary to do a good job.
Tom thought he could count on Mary.
Tom thought he could do it himself.
Tom thought he could do that again.
Tom thought he could do that by himself.
Tom thought he could do that for me.
Tom thought he could do that if he had some help.
Tom thought he could do that tomorrow.
Tom thought he could do that.
Tom thought he could do whatever he wanted to.
Tom thought he could do whatever he wanted.
Tom thought he could get Mary to like him.
Tom thought he could get that for free.
Tom thought he could help Mary do that.
Tom thought he could help Mary.
Tom thought he could help us do that.
Tom thought he could help us.
Tom thought he could impress Mary.
Tom thought he could pull a fast one.
Tom thought he could reach the airport on time if he drove a little over the speed limit.
Tom thought he could thwart my plans.
Tom thought he could win.
Tom thought he didn't have to do that.
Tom thought he didn't need to do that.
Tom thought he had a chance to make a lot of money on the stock market.
Tom thought he had a chance to survive.
Tom thought he had a chance to win the race.
Tom thought he had all the time in the world.
Tom thought he had come up with a good plan.
Tom thought he had come up with the perfect plan.
Tom thought he had heard wrong.
Tom thought he had outsmarted everybody.
Tom thought he had plenty of time to catch his plane, but he only just made it by the skin of his teeth.
Tom thought he had time.
Tom thought he had to do that.
Tom thought he had to help Mary.
Tom thought he had to speak French.
Tom thought he had to study French.
Tom thought he had us all fooled.
Tom thought he had woken up from his dream, but in fact he was still dreaming.
Tom thought he heard Mary snoring in the back of the classroom.
Tom thought he heard Mary's voice.
Tom thought he heard a car backfire.
Tom thought he heard a dog barking.
Tom thought he heard a gunshot.
Tom thought he heard a mouse in the kitchen.
Tom thought he heard a shot.
Tom thought he heard his name being called.
Tom thought he heard some gunshots.
Tom thought he heard some voices in the next room.
Tom thought he knew what should be done.
Tom thought he might be able to do that.
Tom thought he might be able to win.
Tom thought he might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom thought he might be allowed to do that today.
Tom thought he might be allowed to do that.
Tom thought he might be coming down with a cold.
Tom thought he might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom thought he might be permitted to do that today.
Tom thought he might be permitted to do that.
Tom thought he might be required to do that by himself.
Tom thought he might be required to do that today.
Tom thought he might be required to do that.
Tom thought he might do that.
Tom thought he might have to do that by himself.
Tom thought he might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom thought he might have to do that this morning.
Tom thought he might have to do that.
Tom thought he might need help.
Tom thought he might need to do that by himself.
Tom thought he might need to do that today.
Tom thought he might need to do that.
Tom thought he might not be allowed to do that at night.
Tom thought he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom thought he might not be allowed to do that.
Tom thought he might not be permitted to do that at night.
Tom thought he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom thought he might not be permitted to do that.
Tom thought he might not be required to do that again.
Tom thought he might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom thought he might not be required to do that.
Tom thought he might not have to do that again.
Tom thought he might not have to do that anymore.
Tom thought he might not have to do that by himself.
Tom thought he might not have to do that.
Tom thought he might not need to do that again.
Tom thought he might not need to do that anymore.
Tom thought he might not need to do that by himself.
Tom thought he might not need to do that.
Tom thought he might want to become a pediatric neurologist.
Tom thought he might win.
Tom thought he must be mistaken.
Tom thought he must be seeing things.
Tom thought he needed to do that.
Tom thought he needed to help Mary.
Tom thought he ought to do that.
Tom thought he probably shouldn't go there by himself.
