I've been playing golf a lot lately.
I've been playing golf a lot recently.
I've been playing golf for a very long time.
I've been playing soccer since I was fifteen.
I've been playing tennis for a long time.
I've been playing tennis with Tom for a few years.
I've been playing the bongos a lot.
I've been playing the guitar since I was thirteen.
I've been playing the piano since I was thirteen years old.
I've been playing the piano since I was thirteen.
I've been playing this game ever since I was a kid, and I'm still a kid.
I've been playing this song on repeat for hours.
I've been playing video games.
I've been poisoned.
I've been poor.
I've been practicing a long time for this.
I've been practicing doing that all week.
I've been practicing hard.
I've been practicing law for over thirty years.
I've been practicing my guitar.
I've been practicing my serve for weeks.
I've been practicing piano three hours a day.
I've been practicing the piano all morning.
I've been practicing this song all week.
I've been practicing.
I've been practising karate since I was a child.
I've been practising my serve for weeks.
I've been practising.
I've been praying all morning.
I've been praying for this day.
I've been praying for you.
I've been pregnant the entire time I've worked on this book.
I've been preoccupied.
I've been preparing for this all my life.
I've been preparing for this my entire life.
I've been preparing for this my whole life.
I've been preparing.
I've been pressed for time today!
I've been pretty busy.
I've been pretty depressed for the last few days, and I don't know if one of the medications has stopped working or what.
I've been pretty distracted.
I've been pretty fortunate.
I've been pretty good.
I've been pretty lucky.
I've been promoted.
I've been protecting Tom.
I've been put in charge of this project.
I've been puzzling over it.
I've been queuing for half an hour.
I've been quite busy.
I've been quite lucky.
I've been racking my brain for three years to find a way.
I've been raped.
I've been rather busy.
I've been reading The Urantia Book, firstly from its English version, for many years now, off and on. In more recent years, I've acquired other versions in other languages, including Japanese and Spanish. It's a mind-blowing spirituality book with extraordinary views about "superuniverses" and holy matters, like sacred beings from holier places. A comparison that I draw is the Book of Mormon, which I also have in different languages. Holy books give one a different worldview. In August of 2022, I'm currently reading The Urantia Book in Spanish.
I've been reading a book all morning.
I've been reading a book in Arabic.
I've been reading a book in French.
I've been reading a lot.
I've been reading a really interesting book lately.
I've been reading and writing email all morning.
I've been reading books all afternoon.
I've been reading that book all afternoon.
I've been reading the book all afternoon.
I've been reading this book all morning.
I've been reading this book since last week.
I've been reading this book.
I've been reading this for a few hours.
I've been reading your report.
I've been ready a long time.
I've been ready for a long time.
I've been ready for an hour.
I've been ready for hours.
I've been ready to do that for a long time.
I've been ready to do that for a while.
I've been real bad.
I've been real busy.
I've been really busy at work.
I've been really busy lately.
I've been really busy with my graduation dissertation recently.
I've been really busy.
I've been really fortunate.
I've been really happy here.
I've been really impressed with your story.
I've been really lonely since Tom left.
I've been really lonely since you've left.
I've been really lonely these past two weeks.
I've been really lucky.
I've been really sleepy all day.
I've been really sleepy.
I've been really tired all day.
I've been reflecting on what you said to me.
I've been released.
I've been renting this apartment for three years.
I've been requested to help you.
I've been restless since you talked about it.
I've been retired for more than thirty years.
I've been retired for quite a while.
I've been retired for three years.
I've been riding horses since I was a child.
I've been riding horses since I was a kid.
I've been riding so long I'm starting to smell like my horse.
I've been right so far.
I've been robbed again.
I've been robbed before.
I've been robbed three times.
I've been robbed.
I've been rude to Tom.
I've been running after you all my life.
I've been running.
I've been sacked.
I've been satisfied with my work so far.
I've been satisfied with your work so far.
I've been saving all my time for you.
I've been saving it for a special occasion.
I've been saving money to buy a car.
I've been saving these for you.
I've been saving these.
I've been saving this bottle of wine for a special occasion.
I've been saving up to buy a new saxophone.
I've been saving.
I've been saying it for many years!
I've been saying that all along.
I've been saying that for months.
I've been saying that for years.
I've been saying the same thing.
I've been scolded hard.
I've been searching for Tom.
I've been searching for existential answers since I was a teenager.
I've been searching for her.
I've been searching for him.
I've been searching for many years for systems, frameworks and methods to make my code more reliable. We as developers accept that our lives are governed by errors. I am here to tell you that it doesn't have to be that way.
I've been searching for my puppy for weeks.
I've been searching for them.
I've been searching for you.
I've been secretly doing that.
I've been secretly in love with her for years.
I've been seeing Tom.
I've been seeing dead people my whole life.
I've been seeing her.
I've been seeing him.
I've been seeing someone.
I've been seeing things.
I've been seeking an answer to your question.
I've been seen.
I've been selected.
I've been selfish.
I've been selling flowers for years.
I've been selling my hair.
I've been sent to escort you.
I've been sent to give you this.
I've been sent to relieve you.
I've been sentenced to death.
I've been separated from Tom for three months.
I've been separated from my family for so long.
I've been shaking.
I've been shopping all day.
I've been shopping here for ages.
I've been shopping with Tom.
I've been shopping with her.
I've been shopping with him.
I've been shopping with them.
I've been short of breath lately.
I've been shot three times since I moved to Boston.
I've been shot three times.
I've been shot!
I've been shot.
I've been shovelling snow all day.
I've been sick all week.
I've been sick for a long time.
I've been sick for a very long time.
I've been sick for about three weeks now, and I think all my sleep debt has something to do with it.
I've been sick for nine days.
I've been sick for three days.
I've been sick for three weeks.
I've been sick in bed since last Monday.
I've been sick lately.
I've been sick since Monday.
I've been sick since Sunday.
I've been sick since last Monday.
I've been sick.
I've been silent for a long time.
I've been singing a lot lately.
I've been singing a lot of folk songs recently.
I've been singing in the church choir for a few years and have gotten really good at sight reading music.
I've been singing professionally since I was thirteen years old.
I've been singing professionally since I was thirteen.
I've been singing since I was six.
I've been singing.
I've been single for almost three years.
I've been single for the last three years.
I've been single for years.
I've been sitting here all night.
I've been sitting here almost an hour.
I've been sitting here for almost an hour.
I've been sitting here for thirty minutes.
I've been sitting here for three hours.
I've been sitting here thinking about you.
I've been sitting here watching Tom flipping burgers and rotating the sausages on the grill.
I've been sitting so much that my rear is getting flat.
I've been sleeping at night lately. Like around 12 to 9.
I've been sleeping better recently.
I've been sleeping in the garage.
I've been sleeping on the couch.
I've been sleeping poorly on my new bed.
I've been sluggish recently.
I've been sneezing all afternoon.
I've been sneezing all day.
I've been sneezing the whole day.
I've been snowed under with work lately.
I've been so busy recently.
I've been so busy this past week that I've hardly had time to relax.
I've been so busy with work.
I've been so busy.
I've been so happy here.
I've been so happy.
I've been so lonely since you've been gone.
I've been so lucky.
I've been so scared.
I've been so worried about you that I haven't been sleeping well at night.
I've been so worried about you.
I've been so worried.
I've been sober for eight months.
I've been sober for three years.
I've been sold out without realizing it.
I've been speaking to your boss and he agreed.
I've been speaking to your dentist and he agreed.
I've been speaking to your director and he agreed.
I've been speaking to your doctor and he agreed.
I've been speaking to your producers and they agreed.
I've been speaking to your teacher and he agreed.
I've been spending a lot of time at home recently.
I've been spending a lot of time at home.
I've been spending a lot of time studying for IT certifications recently.
I've been spending a lot of time training my dog.
I've been spending a lot of time with Tom.
I've been spending evenings with Tom.
I've been spending every morning with Tom.
I've been spending time outside.
I've been spending time with Tom.
I've been spending too much time with Tom.
I've been stabbed three times.
I've been stabbed! Call for help!
I've been stabbed.
I've been standing in line for half an hour.
I've been standing in the queue for half an hour.
I've been starving since this morning.
I've been staying at my younger brother's house on Park Street.
I've been stopped by the police many times.
I've been struck by lightning three times.
I've been struck by lightning twice.
I've been struggling bravely since I was born.
I've been struggling for years now.
I've been struggling lately, feeling overwhelmed.
I've been struggling lately.
I've been struggling with hypersomnia.
I've been struggling with my past.
I've been stuck here for three days.
I've been stuck here for three months.
I've been stuck in this town too long.
I've been stuck inside all day.
I've been studying Chinese for a long time, but I'm not fluent.
I've been studying Chinese for two years.
I've been studying English for three hours.
I've been studying English for three years.
I've been studying English since 1995.
I've been studying French at school.
I've been studying French every night.
I've been studying French for a few months.
I've been studying French for a long time, but I'm not fluent.
I've been studying French for a long time, but I'm not yet fluent.
I've been studying French for a long time.
I've been studying French for a very long time.
I've been studying French for about three years.
I've been studying French for the last three years.
I've been studying French for the past three years.
I've been studying French for three hours.
I've been studying French for three years now.
I've been studying French for three years.
I've been studying French for years now.
I've been studying French since I was thirteen.
I've been studying French since last October.
I've been studying French with Tom.
I've been studying French.
I've been studying Greek.
I've been studying Uighur for two years now.
I've been studying all day.
I've been studying astronomy as a hobby since I was a child.
I've been studying astronomy as a hobby since I was a kid.
I've been studying astronomy since I was a child.
I've been studying astronomy since I was a kid.
I've been studying for three hours.
I've been studying genetics for 4 years.
I've been studying here for three years.
I've been studying in Boston for three years.
I've been studying in China for ten months.
I've been studying off and on all year.
I've been studying pictures of Uranus.
I've been studying since 2:30.
I've been studying.
I've been stung by a bumblebee!
I've been stung by a hornet.
I've been stung by a jellyfish once.
I've been stung by a jellyfish.
I've been stung by a wasp on the tongue!
I've been stupid.
I've been subpoenaed to appear in court.
I've been subpoenaed.
I've been subscribing to that magazine for four years.
I've been sued.
I've been suffering from insomnia throughout the whole night.
I've been summoned by a judge.
I've been summoned to headquarters urgently.
I've been summoned.
I've been suspended.
I've been swimming all afternoon.
I've been taken by surprise.
I've been taking bassoon lessons from Tom's uncle.
I've been taking care of Tom since his accident.
I've been taking dancing lessons.
I've been taking good care of Tom's dog.
I've been taking it easy on you.
I've been taking lessons from Tom.
I've been taking the pills, Doc, but the pain hasn't been getting any better.
I've been taking this medication for many years.
I've been talking for so long now that my coffee has gone cold.
I've been talking for so long now that my coffee has got cold.
I've been talking on the phone for an hour.
I've been talking to Tom online.
I've been talking to Tom.
I've been teaching Berber since 2004.
I've been teaching French for more than thirty years.
I've been teaching French for over 30 years.
I've been teaching French for the past three years.
I've been teaching French for thirteen years, and I still don't know what I'm doing.
I've been teaching French for thirty years.
I've been teaching French for three years.
I've been teaching Tom French.
I've been teaching Tom how to play the guitar.
I've been teaching her Ainu for a couple of years.
I've been teaching here for over thirty years.
I've been telling you that all along.
I've been telling you that for years.
I've been tempted to do that.
I've been tense all morning.
I've been terribly busy all day.
I've been the one doing that.
I've been there a couple of times.
I've been there a dozen times.
I've been there a few times.
I've been there a lot.
I've been there a number of times.
I've been there already.
I've been there and done that.
I've been there before, so I can show you the way.
I've been there before.
I've been there for good.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many years ago.
I've been there myself.
I've been there once or twice, but a very long time ago.
I've been there once.
I've been there twice.
I've been there two or three times before.
I've been there with Laura once.
I've been there, and it's not all it's cracked up to be.
I've been there.
I've been thinking I might want to engage in small talk with my Uber driver, but I'm not sure what to talk about or what to ask. Could you give me any ideas as to what I should talk about?
I've been thinking a lot about Tom lately.
I've been thinking a lot about Tom.
I've been thinking a lot about that recently.
I've been thinking a lot about what you said.
I've been thinking a lot about you lately.
I've been thinking a lot about you.
I've been thinking a lot, and itâ€™s clear my feelings have changed completely over time.
I've been thinking about Miyu all day today.
I've been thinking about Tom a lot recently.
I've been thinking about Tom a lot.
I've been thinking about Tom all day today.
I've been thinking about Tom all day.
I've been thinking about Tom lately.
I've been thinking about Tom's plan.
I've been thinking about Tom.
I've been thinking about breaking up with my girlfriend.
I've been thinking about buying a new car.
I've been thinking about buying new towels.
I've been thinking about doing that.
I've been thinking about doing this for a very long time.
I've been thinking about getting a dog.
I've been thinking about going home.
I've been thinking about going to Australia again.
I've been thinking about going to Boston again.
I've been thinking about her.
I've been thinking about him.
I've been thinking about it for a long time.
I've been thinking about it for a while.
I've been thinking about it the entire day.
I've been thinking about it, too.
I've been thinking about it.
I've been thinking about it. A lot.
I've been thinking about leaving.
I've been thinking about marriage a lot, and I think we should just do it.
I've been thinking about my business idea.
I've been thinking about my conversation with Tom.
I've been thinking about our honeymoon.
I've been thinking about our situation.
I've been thinking about shaving my head.
I've been thinking about something.
I've been thinking about starting a new business.
I've been thinking about that all day.
I've been thinking about that lately.
I've been thinking about that.
I've been thinking about the composition of your team.
I've been thinking about the first time I met Tom.
I've been thinking about the first time that I met Tom.
I've been thinking about the meaning of life.
I've been thinking about them.
I've been thinking about this a lot lately.
I've been thinking about this a lot today.
I've been thinking about this all day.
I've been thinking about this for a few months now.
I've been thinking about this for a few months.
I've been thinking about this for a long time.
I've been thinking about this for a while.
I've been thinking about this moment for months.
I've been thinking about this question since I was a kid.
I've been thinking about this.
I've been thinking about us.
I've been thinking about what Tom said.
I've been thinking about what might happen.
I've been thinking about what we need to do.
I've been thinking about what we should do.
I've been thinking about what you said last week.
I've been thinking about what you said the other day.
I've been thinking about what you said to me.
I've been thinking about what you said.
I've been thinking about when we were young.
I've been thinking about you a lot these past few days.
I've been thinking about you a lot.
I've been thinking about you all day.
I've been thinking about you all morning.
I've been thinking about you, too.
I've been thinking about you.
I've been thinking about you. Have you been thinking about me, too?
I've been thinking about your offer.
I've been thinking about your problem with Tom.
I've been thinking about your problem.
I've been thinking and I think that your decision is the best.
I've been thinking it might be fun to go to Australia and visit Tom.
I've been thinking it might be fun to go to Boston and visit Tom.
I've been thinking it over and this is not good, so we'd better separate from today onwards.
I've been thinking it over.
I've been thinking of you all day.
I've been thinking of you.
I've been thinking over the issue for a long time.
I've been thinking that I may have been too critical.
I've been thinking that it might be fun to go to Australia and visit Tom.
I've been thinking that it might be fun to go to Boston and visit Tom.
I've been thinking the same thing.
I've been thinking too much.
I've been thinking.
I've been threatened.
I've been through a lot lately.
I've been through a lot.
I've been through some crazy situations.
I've been through that stage.
I've been through the same drawn-out process as you, so we can commiserate.
I've been through the wringer.
I've been through thick and thin.
I've been through this before.
I've been thrown out of better joints than this one.
I've been tired all day.
I've been to Africa.
I've been to America twice already.
I've been to Australia a couple of times.
I've been to Australia before.
I've been to Australia many times.
I've been to Australia more than once.
I've been to Australia more times than Tom has.
I've been to Australia numerous times.
I've been to Australia once.
I've been to Australia one time.
I've been to Australia only once.
I've been to Australia quite a few times.
I've been to Australia several times on business.
I've been to Australia several times this year.
I've been to Australia several times.
I've been to Australia three times.
I've been to Australia twice and New Zealand once.
I've been to Australia twice and New Zealand three times.
I've been to Australia twice.
I've been to Australia two times.
I've been to Australia, but only once.
I've been to Australia, but only one time.
I've been to Australia.
I've been to Beijing twice.
I've been to Boston a couple of times.
I've been to Boston a few times, but only on my way through to Skegness.
I've been to Boston a number of times.
I've been to Boston before.
I've been to Boston countless times.
I've been to Boston many times.
I've been to Boston more than once.
I've been to Boston more times than I can count.
I've been to Boston more times than Tom has.
I've been to Boston numerous times.
I've been to Boston often enough.
I've been to Boston on business.
I've been to Boston once.
I've been to Boston one time.
I've been to Boston only once.
I've been to Boston quite a few times.
I've been to Boston several times on business.
I've been to Boston several times this year.
I've been to Boston several times.
I've been to Boston three times.
I've been to Boston twice and Chicago once.
I've been to Boston twice.
I've been to Boston two times.
I've been to Boston, but only once.
I've been to Boston, but only one time.
I've been to Boston.
I've been to Canada once.
I've been to Canada one time.
I've been to Charles de Gaulle, but never seen France.
I've been to Hokkaido before.
I've been to Hong Kong once.
I've been to Italy many times.
I've been to Italy on a study abroad program.
I've been to Kyoto twice.
I've been to Kyoto two times.
I've been to London.
I've been to Mexico, but I would like to visit Guatemala.
I've been to Osaka on business.
I've been to Osaka to ask after my sick friend.
I've been to Paris thirty-nine years ago.
I've been to Paris twice.
I've been to Paris two times.
I've been to Sapporo before.
I've been to Sapporo.
I've been to Vienna in Austria before, but I would like to stay there for a longer period using the trains of the U-Bahn. It seems a walkable city like Paris.
I've been to a lot of funerals.
I've been to a lot of races.
I've been to a new beach.
I've been to almost every state.
I've been to church.
I've been to every corner of Europe.
I've been to it a few times before.
I've been to many Asian countries.
I've been to many countries.
I've been to many places in Ireland.
I've been to more than ten foreign countries so far.
I've been to my lawyer about my divorce.
I've been to neither of those places.
I've been to see Tom.
I've been to see my friend off.
I've been to several funerals recently.
I've been to that supermarket.
I've been to the area surrounding Shanghai.
I've been to the bank.
I've been to the birthplace of tomato juice.
I've been to the dentist's.
I've been to the dentist.
I've been to the library.
I've been to the mall.
I've been to the mountaintop Daoist temple on Cebu Island in the Philippines.
I've been to the new beach.
I've been to the park to see flowers.
I've been to the post office.
I've been to the psych ward thirteen times.
I've been to the seaside by car.
I've been to the shopping centre.
I've been to the station to meet a friend.
I've been to the station.
I've been to the supermarket.
I've been to this neighborhood before.
I've been to your house.
I've been toiling away in the kitchen all afternoon.
I've been told I can't do that anymore.
I've been told I can't do that.
I've been told I have a lovely, clear speaking voice.
I've been told I have to do that again.
I've been told I have to do that.
I've been told I need to do that at least one more time.
I've been told I need to do that.
I've been told I should do that again.
I've been told I should do that tomorrow.
I've been told I should do that.
I've been told I shouldn't do that again.
I've been told I shouldn't do that anymore.
I've been told I shouldn't do that.
I've been told I snore.
I've been told I'm a pig.
I've been told I'm kind and compassionate.
I've been told I'm rude.
I've been told I'm supposed to help you.
I've been told Mary doesn't exist.
I've been told Tom and I aren't supposed to do that anymore.
I've been told Tom and I aren't supposed to do that here.
I've been told Tom and Mary are going to be fired.
I've been told Tom and Mary are still in Boston.
I've been told Tom and Mary have been in an accident.
I've been told Tom doesn't exist.
I've been told Tom has been in an accident.
I've been told Tom is going to be fired.
I've been told Tom is still in Australia.
I've been told Tom is still in Boston.
I've been told Tom will be fired.
I've been told a lot about you.
I've been told honey is good for you.
I've been told never to do that again.
I've been told never to do that.
I've been told no.
I've been told not do that again.
I've been told not do that anymore.
I've been told not do that.
I've been told not to call you stupid.
I've been told not to do that after dark.
I've been told not to do that again.
I've been told not to do that anymore.
I've been told not to do that by myself.
I've been told not to do that here.
I've been told not to do that today.
I've been told not to do that.
I've been told not to do this.
I've been told not to tell you what happened.
I've been told not to try to do that by myself.
I've been told not to use this computer any more.
I've been told not to use this computer anymore.
I've been told several times not to do that.
I've been told that I behaved badly.
I've been told that I don't have to do that.
I've been told that I don't need to do that.
I've been told that I have beautiful legs.
I've been told that I have to do that again.
I've been told that I have to do that.
I've been told that I need to do that.
I've been told that I should do that again.
I've been told that I should never ask a woman how old she is.
I've been told that I should pay more attention.
I've been told that I snore.
I've been told that I sound like a kid when I speak French.
I've been told that I'm a good kisser.
I've been told that I'm a good singer.
I've been told that I'm a pig.
I've been told that I'm good-looking.
I've been told that I'm handsome.
I've been told that I'm not required to do that.
I've been told that I'm required to do that.
I've been told that I'm rude.
I've been told that Tom can't speak French.
I've been told that Tom is still in Australia.
I've been told that Tom is still in Boston.
I've been told that Tom won't be here today.
I've been told that he's a very competent person.
I've been told that honey is good for you.
I've been told that my French sounds pretty good.
I've been told that my legs are beautiful.
I've been told that often enough.
I've been told that sitting for hours working on my computer is bad for my back.
I've been told that sometimes I'm cruel.
I've been told that the museum is closed on Mondays.
I've been told that they were ill.
I've been told that this will likely never happen again.
I've been told that we're not allowed to swim here anymore.
I've been told that you can't be trusted.
I've been told that you were looking for a babysitter.
I've been told that you were looking for a caregiver.
I've been told that you were looking for a carpenter.
I've been told that you were looking for a plumber.
I've been told that you were looking for a sitter.
I've been told that you're a very competent person.
I've been told that you're a very good French speaker.
I've been told that you're a very good carpenter.
I've been told that you're looking for a babysitter.
I've been told that you're looking for a caregiver.
I've been told that you're looking for a sitter.
I've been told that you're resigning.
I've been told that's right.
I've been told that.
I've been told this before.
I've been told this is a quiet town.
I've been told this many times.
I've been told to cut down on salt.
I've been told to do that again.
I've been told to do that by myself.
I've been told to do that several times.
I've been told to do that.
I've been told to get out of town.
I've been told to help you.
I've been told to never do that again.
I've been told to wait.
I've been told we aren't allowed to do that here.
I've been told we aren't permitted to do that here.
I've been told we aren't supposed to do that here.
I've been told we're not allowed to do that here.
I've been told we're not allowed to park here.
I've been told we're not permitted to do that here.
I've been told we're not supposed to do that here.
I've been told what to do.
I've been told you knew Tom.
I've been told you're a very good French speaker.
I've been told you're a very good carpenter.
I've been told you're looking for a babysitter.
I've been told you're looking for a caregiver.
I've been told you're looking for a sitter.
I've been told your name.
I've been tolerant.
I've been too afraid to go.
I've been too busy.
I've been too soft on Tom.
I've been tormented by regret.
I've been touched by death.
I've been toying with the idea of selling everything and taking a long, slow trip around the world.
I've been trained to deal with this kind of problem.
I've been trained to handle this kind of problem.
I've been transferred between offices a dozen times already.
I've been translating advertising copy since 2001.
I've been traveling a lot.
I've been traveling for a while.
I've been traveling from place to place, looking for these ruins.
I've been travelling for months.
I've been treated for a psychiatric disorder.
I've been tricked.
I've been trying all week to get in touch with Tom.
I've been trying as hard as I can.
I've been trying everything.
I've been trying hard to be quiet.
I've been trying hard to learn that song.
I've been trying my best to be sociable.
I've been trying not to do anything to make Tom angry.
I've been trying not to do anything to make Tom mad.
I've been trying not to eat so much candy.
I've been trying not to get angry.
I've been trying to avoid Tom.
I've been trying to avoid her.
I've been trying to avoid him.
I've been trying to avoid the heat if possible.
I've been trying to avoid this problem.
I've been trying to be more assertive.
I've been trying to be more careful about what I eat.
I've been trying to call Tom all day.
I've been trying to call Tom, but I keep accidentally calling you instead.
I've been trying to call Tom.
I've been trying to call you all night.
I've been trying to call you for the past 2 hours.
I've been trying to cheer Tom up.
I've been trying to contact Tom.
I've been trying to contact you all morning.
I've been trying to contact you all week.
I've been trying to contact you.
I've been trying to convince Tom to do that.
I've been trying to convince Tom to learn French.
I've been trying to convince Tom to move to Australia.
I've been trying to convince Tom to move to Boston.
I've been trying to convince Tom.
I've been trying to convince her for weeks.
I've been trying to cut down on caffeine.
I've been trying to decode this message.
I've been trying to do just that.
I've been trying to do that all day.
I've been trying to do that all morning.
I've been trying to do that all week.
I've been trying to do that for a long time.
I've been trying to do that.
I've been trying to do too many things recently and haven't been able to complete any of them.
I've been trying to do what you've asked me to do.
I've been trying to eat a balanced diet.
I've been trying to eat healthier lately, but dessert is hard to resist.
I've been trying to explain my feelings to you.
I've been trying to explain to Tom that he can't keep coming in here without permission.
I've been trying to explain to Tom that he needs an appointment.
I've been trying to explain to Tom what needs to be done.
I've been trying to figure out a way to do that.
I've been trying to figure out how Mary did what she did.
I've been trying to figure out how Tom and Mary did what they did.
I've been trying to figure out how Tom did what he did.
I've been trying to figure out how to do that.
I've been trying to figure out this problem all morning.
I've been trying to figure out what Tom might have been doing at that time.
I've been trying to figure out what went wrong.
I've been trying to figure out where Tom hid the money.
I've been trying to figure out who Tom might have given the money to.
I've been trying to figure something out.
I've been trying to find Tom.
I've been trying to find a way to reach Tom, but I can't.
I've been trying to find her.
I've been trying to find him.
I've been trying to find my keys.
I've been trying to find out what happened to Tom.
I've been trying to find out who is responsible for maintaining this road.
I've been trying to find out who was responsible for the accident.
I've been trying to find something interesting to read.
I've been trying to find something to eat.
I've been trying to find the hotel all day.
I've been trying to find them.
I've been trying to find you to give you some important information.
I've been trying to find you.
I've been trying to fix that.
I've been trying to fix the engine for half an hour now, but there's just no way that I'll be able to fix it.
I've been trying to fix the engine for half an hour now, but there's just no way.
I've been trying to follow the rules.
I've been trying to forget about that.
I've been trying to forget you for a year and I love you more than before.
I've been trying to get Tom to donate some money.
I've been trying to get Tom to take his medicine.
I've been trying to get a hold of Tom for the last ten minutes.
I've been trying to get a hold of Tom.
I've been trying to get a hold of you for the past two hours.
I've been trying to get a little exercise every day.
I've been trying to get hold of Tom for hours, but it's constantly engaged.
I've been trying to get in touch with you for months.
I've been trying to get into college.
I've been trying to get my car started.
I've been trying to get you on the phone all afternoon.
I've been trying to get your attention.
I've been trying to hack my way into the system.
I've been trying to handle this myself.
I've been trying to help Tom do that.
I've been trying to help.
I've been trying to ignore what's been going on.
I've been trying to imagine my life without you.
I've been trying to improve my drawing skills.
I've been trying to keep the attraction I feel for you at bay.
I've been trying to learn French.
I've been trying to learn some card tricks.
I've been trying to live up to my father's expectations.
I've been trying to lose a little weight.
I've been trying to lose weight.
I've been trying to maintain a positive attitude.
I've been trying to make a movie.
I've been trying to make an effort to come here more often.
I've been trying to make sense out of this.
I've been trying to picture the rest of my life with you.
I've been trying to put a little money in the bank every month.
I've been trying to quit smoking.
I've been trying to reach Tom all morning.
I've been trying to reach Tom for a month.
I've been trying to reach Tom for hours already, but his line is constantly busy.
I've been trying to reach Tom since yesterday.
I've been trying to reach Tom.
I've been trying to reach her.
I've been trying to reach him.
I've been trying to reach them.
I've been trying to reach you all day.
I've been trying to reach you all morning.
I've been trying to reach you for hours.
I've been trying to reach you for three days.
I've been trying to reach you.
I've been trying to read this book.
I've been trying to remember what Tom's dog's name is.
I've been trying to remember what happened.
I've been trying to remember what his name is.
I've been trying to remember where I put my keys.
I've been trying to resist the urge to do that.
I've been trying to solve this problem for hours.
I've been trying to speak with you. What happened?
I've been trying to spend a little more time with Tom.
I've been trying to talk to you alone, but you always seem to be with other people.
I've been trying to talk to you ever since you got here.
I've been trying to talk to you for over a month.
I've been trying to teach our baby to eat from a spoon.
I've been trying to tell Tom how I really feel.
I've been trying to tell you what needs to be done, but you keep interrupting.
I've been trying to track you down all morning.
I've been trying to understand how that's possible.
I've been trying to wake Tom up.
I've been trying to warn you.
I've been trying to write something for hours, but nothing comes to my mind.
I've been trying.
I've been unable to contact Mary.
I've been unable to contact Tom.
I've been unable to determine the cause.
I've been under a lot of pressure lately.
I've been under a lot of stress.
I've been under considerable pressure to resign.
I've been unemployed for three months.
I've been unhappy for a long time.
I've been unruly in my dreams.
I've been unseated.
I've been unwell for three weeks.
I've been up 36 hours straight.
I've been up all night studying.
I've been up all night thinking about that.
I've been up all night trying to figure out what to do.
I've been up all night writing.
I've been up all night.
I've been up almost all night.
I've been up and about all day, now I'm worn out.
I've been up for a while.
I've been up for three days.
I've been up most of the night.
I've been up on the roof.
I've been up since 2:30 this morning.
I've been up since 2:30.
I've been uploading three videos per week for the past three years.
I've been upset not having written you a reply.
I've been using homemade laundry detergent for the past three years.
I've been using it without any problems.
I've been using it wrong.
I've been using the A/C every day, so the electric bill this month is probably going to be high as fuck.
I've been using this smartphone for five years.
I've been vacuuming the rooms all morning.
I've been vegan for three years.
I've been very busy all morning.
I've been very busy all week.
I've been very busy for the last few days.
I've been very busy lately.
I've been very busy recently.
I've been very busy since I returned from abroad.
I've been very busy since early this morning.
I've been very busy since morning.
I've been very busy since the new term started.
I've been very busy since this morning.
I've been very busy the last few days.
I've been very busy the last few weeks.
I've been very busy this week.
I've been very busy with the exams!
I've been very busy with work.
I've been very busy.
I've been very careful.
I've been very clear about that.
I've been very cooperative.
I've been very distracted by this novel.
I've been very foolish.
I've been very fortunate.
I've been very good.
I've been very happy here.
I've been very happy lately.
I've been very happy with this car.
I've been very happy.
I've been very hungry since this morning.
I've been very impressed.
I've been very lucky in my life to have met many of my favorite actors.
I've been very lucky today.
I've been very lucky.
I've been very patient with Tom.
I've been very patient with you.
I've been very patient.
I've been very pleased with Tom's work.
I've been very privileged.
I've been very successful.
I've been very worried about you.
I've been very worried.
I've been very, very lucky.
I've been vindicated.
I've been visited by reptilians.
I've been waiting a long time for this to happen.
I've been waiting a long time for this.
I've been waiting a long time for you.
I've been waiting a long time.
I've been waiting a very long time.
I've been waiting all day for this to happen.
I've been waiting all day for you.
I've been waiting all day to meet you.
I've been waiting all morning for somebody to do that.
I've been waiting all morning for someone to do that.
I've been waiting all morning for this to happen.
I've been waiting all morning.
I've been waiting all night.
I've been waiting all year for this.
I've been waiting an hour.
I've been waiting eagerly for this moment.
I've been waiting far too long.
I've been waiting for Tom for a long time.
I've been waiting for Tom for an hour now.
I've been waiting for Tom for an hour.
I've been waiting for Tom for three hours.
I've been waiting for Tom since 2:30.
I've been waiting for Tom to do that for me.
I've been waiting for Tom to do that.
I've been waiting for Tom to get here.
I've been waiting for Tom to leave.
I've been waiting for Tom to tell me what to do.
I've been waiting for Tom's reply, but haven't heard from him yet.
I've been waiting for Tom.
I've been waiting for a friend of mine for an hour.
I've been waiting for a long time.
I've been waiting for a moment like this.
I've been waiting for a very long time.
I've been waiting for a year.
I've been waiting for almost half an hour.
I've been waiting for an hour and a half.
I've been waiting for an hour.
I've been waiting for days for Tom to get in touch with me.
I've been waiting for days for this to happen.
I've been waiting for days, but I haven't heard a peep from Tom. I'm starting to get worried.
I've been waiting for half an hour.
I've been waiting for her for an hour.
I've been waiting for her.
I've been waiting for him for an hour.
I've been waiting for him since early this morning.
I've been waiting for him.
I've been waiting for hours.
I've been waiting for love to come.
I've been waiting for my bus for almost an hour.
I've been waiting for my car to get out of the shop, but they're slower than a seven-year itch.
I've been waiting for one and a half-hours.
I've been waiting for over an hour.
I've been waiting for over three hours.
I've been waiting for quite a while.
I've been waiting for some time.
I've been waiting for someone to invite me.
I've been waiting for such a long time.
I've been waiting for that question.
I've been waiting for that to happen.
I've been waiting for the bus for an hour.
I've been waiting for the bus for half an hour.
I've been waiting for the bus for over 2 hours.
I've been waiting for the bus for over an hour.
I've been waiting for the bus for three hours.
I've been waiting for the right moment.
I've been waiting for the right time to tell you.
I've been waiting for the right time.
I've been waiting for them.
I've been waiting for this a long time.
I've been waiting for this all day.
I've been waiting for this call.
I've been waiting for this chance.
I've been waiting for this day forever.
I've been waiting for this day to come.
I've been waiting for this day.
I've been waiting for this for a year.
I've been waiting for this for ages.
I've been waiting for this for months.
I've been waiting for this for so long.
I've been waiting for this moment all my life.
I've been waiting for this moment for a long time.
I've been waiting for this moment for years.
I've been waiting for this moment.
I've been waiting for this my whole life.
I've been waiting for this package.
I've been waiting for this since last year.
I've been waiting for this to happen for a long time.
I've been waiting for this to happen for ages.
I've been waiting for this to happen.
I've been waiting for this!
I've been waiting for this.
I've been waiting for three hours.
I've been waiting for three years.
I've been waiting for two hours.
I've been waiting for years.
I've been waiting for you a long time.
I've been waiting for you all day.
I've been waiting for you all morning.
I've been waiting for you for 5 hours.
I've been waiting for you for a long time.
I've been waiting for you for a whole hour.
I've been waiting for you for ages.
I've been waiting for you for ages. Where were you?
I've been waiting for you for an hour.
I've been waiting for you for half an hour.
I've been waiting for you for hours.
I've been waiting for you for over a week.
I've been waiting for you for over an hour.
I've been waiting for you for thirty minutes.
I've been waiting for you for three hours!
I've been waiting for you for three hours.
I've been waiting for you for two hours.
I've been waiting for you guys all afternoon.
I've been waiting for you guys.
I've been waiting for you my whole life.
I've been waiting for you since 2:30.
I've been waiting for you since two o'clock.
I've been waiting for you to be free.
I've been waiting for you to do that.
I've been waiting for you to say that.
I've been waiting for you to tell me how to do this.
I've been waiting for you to tell me what I should do.
I've been waiting for you to tell me what to do.
I've been waiting for you to wake up.
I've been waiting for you, guys.
I've been waiting for you.
I've been waiting for your answer.
I've been waiting for your instructions.
I've been waiting for your reply, but haven't heard from you.
I've been waiting forever.
I've been waiting fourteen years for my wife to convert to Islam.
I've been waiting half an hour.
I've been waiting here a long time.
I've been waiting here almost an hour.
I've been waiting here for Tom since this morning.
I've been waiting here for a long time.
I've been waiting here for almost an hour.
I've been waiting here for him since this morning.
I've been waiting here for hours.
I've been waiting here for over an hour.
I've been waiting here for thirty minutes.
I've been waiting here for three hours.
I've been waiting here for two and a half hours.
I've been waiting here for two hours.
I've been waiting here nearly three hours.
I've been waiting in line for a while.
I've been waiting in line for over an hour.
I've been waiting in line for thirty minutes.
I've been waiting in my quarters for you.
I've been waiting in the wings.
I've been waiting in vain.
I've been waiting like a year for this.
I've been waiting long enough.
I've been waiting on the bus now, for almost half an eternity. I've nearly had enough!
I've been waiting over an hour.
I've been waiting quite a while.
I've been waiting seven years for you.
I've been waiting since 2:30.
I've been waiting since six o'clock and still my turn hasn't come.
I've been waiting since six o'clock, but I still haven't been called.
I've been waiting so long for this day.
I've been waiting so long for this to happen.
I've been waiting so long for this.
I've been waiting so long now that a couple more weeks won't matter.
I've been waiting the last half hour.
I've been waiting three hours.
I've been waiting to do that.
I've been waiting to speak with you.
I've been waiting two hours for you.
I've been waiting two years for it.
I've been waiting two years for this.
I've been waiting up.
I've been waiting years for this.
I've been waiting.
I've been walking a tightrope; I don't know if I'm going to pass.
I've been walking all day long.
I've been walking all day.
I've been walking around all day today, and my legs are killing me.
I've been walking for over four hours.
I've been walking in my sleep.
I've been walking on crutches ever since I broke my foot.
I've been walking to work recently.
I've been wandering around.
I've been wanting one of these.
I've been wanting to ask that for a long time.
I've been wanting to ask you a question.
I've been wanting to ask you out for a long time.
I've been wanting to ask you something for a long time.
I've been wanting to ask you something.
I've been wanting to do that all day.
I've been wanting to do that all my life.
I've been wanting to do that for a long time.
I've been wanting to do that for a very long time.
I've been wanting to do that, too.
I've been wanting to do this for a very long time.
I've been wanting to go there for a long time.
I've been wanting to go there for a while.
I've been wanting to learn French for a long time.
I've been wanting to meet you for a long time.
I've been wanting to meet you for years.
I've been wanting to see that movie for a long time.
I've been wanting to see you.
I've been wanting to share my story.
I've been wanting to talk to you.
I've been wanting to tell you this for a long time.
I've been wanting to thank you.
I've been wanting to watch that movie ever since I saw the trailer online.
I've been warned against going there.
I've been warned more than once.
I've been warned not to go there.
I've been warned three times.
I've been warned.
I've been warning them from the beginning.
I've been wasting a lot of time.
I've been watching Tom for some time and I don't like his actions at all.
I've been watching Tom very closely.
I've been watching Tom.
I've been watching a documentary.
I've been watching baseball.
I've been watching her.
I've been watching him.
I've been watching them.
I've been watching you since you arrived.
I've been watching you study.
I've been watching you.
I've been watching.
I've been way busier than expected.
I've been wearing this coat for more than three years.
I've been wearing this coat for three years.
I've been wearing this denim jacket for 15 years now.
I've been well paid.
I've been where Tom is.
I've been where you are right now.
I've been with Tom a long time.
I've been with Tom all along.
I've been with Tom ever since.
I've been with Tom for a long time.
I've been with a man who has a double life all along.
I've been with her the whole time.
I've been with him for a long time.
I've been with the CIA since 2003.
I've been with you for a long time.
I've been wondering about that all day.
I've been wondering about that myself.
I've been wondering about that.
I've been wondering what Tom has been doing.
I've been wondering what happened to Tom.
I've been wondering what was going to happen.
I've been wondering where you got to.
I've been wondering whether or not I can do that.
I've been wondering why that happened.
I've been working all day in the hot sun.
I've been working all day long.
I've been working all day, yet I've made no progress.
I've been working all day.
I've been working all morning.
I've been working all my life.
I've been working all night.
I've been working as a gardener since last October.
I've been working as a plumber for three years.
I've been working as a security guard.
I've been working as a waiter for a long time.
I've been working as a waitress for a long time.
I've been working as hard as I can.
I've been working at the library since January.
I've been working at this bar for three months.
I've been working for minimum wage most of my life.
I've been working for minimum wage.
I've been working for some time here.
I've been working for this company for three years.
I've been working for this newspaper for four years.
I've been working hard on these changes.
I've been working hard on this.
I've been working hard since I was ten years old.
I've been working here 13 months.
I've been working here for 3 months.
I've been working here for a couple of minutes.
I've been working here for a couple of years.
I've been working here for a few years.
I've been working here for a long time.
I've been working here for a year.
I've been working here for many decades.
I've been working here for many years.
I've been working here for months.
I've been working here for several years.
I've been working here for ten years.
I've been working here for three months.
I've been working here for three weeks.
I've been working here for three years now.
I've been working here for three years.
I've been working here since 2013.
I've been working here since I finished my degree.
I've been working here since I graduated from college.
I've been working here since I graduated from high school.
I've been working here since I graduated.
I've been working here since I left university.
I've been working here since October.
I've been working here since high school.
I've been working here since last October.
I've been working here three months.
I've been working in Australia for three years.
I've been working in Australia since last October.
I've been working in Boston for three years.
I've been working in another department.
I've been working in construction since I was 18.
I've been working in the same company for ten years.
I've been working like a dog.
I've been working my whole life.
I've been working on a novel.
I've been working on a plan.
I've been working on an idea.
I've been working on it for twenty years.
I've been working on it.
I've been working on that all month.
I've been working on that car for weeks.
I've been working on that.
I've been working on this a long time.
I've been working on this all day.
I've been working on this book forever.
I've been working on this for a long time.
I've been working on this for just for a couple of days.
I've been working on this for months.
I've been working on this for some time.
I've been working on this for three weeks.
I've been working on this for three years.
I've been working on this for twenty years.
I've been working on this for weeks.
I've been working on this problem all day.
I've been working on this project since the beginning of September.
I've been working on this report since Monday.
I've been working on this.
I've been working out.
I've been working overtime every day this week.
I've been working part-time as a waiter since October.
I've been working since 2:30.
I've been working since I was fourteen years old.
I've been working since I was sixteen years old.
I've been working since I was sixteen.
I've been working since I was thirteen.
I've been working since I was twelve.
I've been working since dawn.
I've been working since seven in the morning.
I've been working since six this morning.
I've been working there for a while.
I've been working there for three months.
I've been working too much.
I've been working very hard all day.
I've been working very hard.
I've been working with Tom for three months.
I've been working with Tom for three years.
I've been working with Tom for two years.
I've been working.
I've been worn out recently.
I've been worried about Tom for years.
I've been worried about my son's safety.
I've been worried about you all day.
I've been worried about you.
I've been worried all along.
I've been worried sick about you.
I've been worried sick about you. Why didn't you call?
I've been worried sick.
I've been worried since you brought it up.
I've been worried, too.
I've been worried.
I've been worrying about that.
I've been worrying about you.
I've been worrying myself into depression.
I've been worrying sick about you.
I've been wounded with a knife.
I've been writing a book.
I've been writing a lot.
I've been writing a novel.
I've been writing emails all morning.
I've been writing letters all day long.
I've been writing letters all morning.
I've been writing letters all morning. I've written ten and still haven't finished.
I've been writing letters.
I've been writing since two o'clock without a break.
I've been writing stories for children since 1959.
I've been writing this manuscript for a year.
I've been wrong about a lot of things.
I've been wrong before.
I've been wrong.
I've begun a new diet.
I've begun doing that.
I've begun studying French.
I've begun to forget things and now I feel old.
I've begun to have doubts that that'll ever happen.
I've begun to have doubts that'll ever happen.
I've begun to prepare breakfast.
I've begun to realize that isn't very likely to happen.
I've begun to realize that that isn't very likely to happen.
I've believed in Kylie Minogue since June 12, 1998.
I've believed that before.
I've bent over backwards trying to find him.
I've betrayed my husband.
I've boldfaced the articles that I found interesting.
I've booked a small cabin.
I've booked a table for four.
I've booked the best room in the hotel for you.
I've booked the hall for Thursday.
I've bookmarked that page.
I've borrowed a car.
I've borrowed a table.
I've borrowed three books.
I've borrowed two books.
I've botched things up so bad I wish I could find a hole to climb into.
I've bought a bit of cheese and milk.
I've bought a car.
I've bought a cup of coffee.
I've bought a gift for Emily.
I've bought a gift for Tom.
I've bought a jumper.
I've bought a lot of books.
I've bought a lot of things from Tom.
I've bought a new bag.
I've bought a new car.
I've bought a new computer.
I've bought a new pair of gloves.
I've bought a new pair of sunglasses.
I've bought a new palette and a few paint brushes.
I've bought a new umbrella.
I've bought a really good camera.
I've bought a ticket.
I've bought a tub of butter.
I've bought an electric bicycle.
I've bought an electric bike.
I've bought books, magazines, and newspapers there.
I've bought everything I need.
I've bought everything I was planning to buy.
I've bought it for myself, not for you.
I've bought myself a pair of shoes.
I've bought myself a trumpet.
I've bought some cheese and milk.
I've bought some clothes.
I've bought some cream puffs. Do you want one?
I've bought some freshly baked bread.
I've bought some land in Australia.
I've bought some land near Boston.
I've bought some land not too far from Boston.
I've bought some land not too far from here.
I've bought some new books from the bookshop.
I've bought the groceries, cooked the food, and now I'm waiting for my son to come and eat.
I've bought the same camera as you have.
I've bought the same kind of camera that you have.
I've bought two tickets for the concert.
I've bought you a fish pillow.
I've bought you lunch today.
I've boundless affection for her.
I've broken enough rules for one day.
I've broken my arm, so I have to wear a bandage for the whole week.
I've broken my glasses.
I've broken my leg.
I've broken off contact with Tom.
I've broken off our engagement.
I've broken something.
I've broken the law.
I've brought Tom a gift.
I've brought a bottle of wine.
I've brought a coffee.
I've brought a cup of coffee.
I've brought a gift for Tom.
I've brought a sack of spuds. Shall I take it straight to the cellar?
I've brought a sandwich for each of you.
I've brought coffee.
I've brought enough food for everybody.
I've brought enough food for everyone.
I've brought food.
I've brought it back.
I've brought lunch.
I've brought my alarm clock.
I've brought my book with me.
I've brought my book.
I've brought my kids over to meet you.
I've brought my own cutlery.
I've brought painkillers.
I've brought snacks.
I've brought some biscuits.
I've brought some coffee.
I've brought some cookies.
I've brought some cream puffs. Do you want one?
I've brought some popcorn and soda for us to eat and drink while playing video games.
I've brought something for all the children.
I've brought something for you.
I've brought supplies.
I've brought the coffee.
I've brought the website into compliance with W3C standards.
I've brought three cases of beer. We don't have to drink it all tonight.
I've brought you a Christmas gift.
I've brought you a cup of coffee.
I've brought you a gift.
I've brought you a glass of water.
I've brought you a little going away present.
I've brought you a little something.
I've brought you a little souvenir from Antwerp.
I've brought you another blanket.
I've brought you flowers.
I've brought you here to meet Tom.
I've brought you lunch today.
I've brought you some biscuits.
I've brought you some food.
I've brought you some homemade chicken soup.
I've brought you some water.
I've brought you something to eat.
I've brought you something.
I've brought you your dessert.
I've built a new house.
I've built my whole life around my huge interest for modern languages.
I've built myself up all on my own.
I've built up my whole career from the ground-up.
I've burned all the pictures I had of Tom.
I've burned my tongue.
I've burned myself badly.
I've burned myself.
I've burned the toast.
I've burnt my tongue.
I've burnt myself.
I've burnt the toast.
I've calculated that I can reduce my carbon footprint by going on vacation someplace warm instead of staying here and heating my apartment during the winter.
I've called a doctor.
I've called a plumber to fix this.
I've called ahead.
I've called an ambulance.
I've called and called, but there's no answer.
I've called everyone I could think of.
I've called everyone I know.
I've called everyone.
I've called the hospital.
I've called the other parents.
I've called the police.
I've called twice.
I've canceled my gym membership.
I've canceled my newspaper subscription.
I've canceled my trip to Australia.
I've canceled my trip to Boston.
I've canceled the fundraiser.
I've cancelled the newspaper subscription.
I've carded the wool.
I've caught a bad cold.
I've caught a chill.
I've caught a cold and am going to bed.
I've caught a cold and my head hurts.
I've caught a cold.
I've caught a lot of fish here. It's a great fishing spot.
I've caught a terrible cold.
I've caught the flu.
I've caused enough trouble already.
I've caused everybody a lot of trouble already.
I've caused everyone enough trouble already.
I've caused you enough trouble already.
I've certainly learned a lot.
I've certainly lost control of the situation.
I've certainly made my fair share of mistakes.
I've change my mind about going to Boston next month.
I've change my mind about going to Boston.
I've changed a lot of things.
I've changed a lot since then.
I've changed a lot, Charles. Don't you see?
I've changed a lot.
I've changed and I'm slowly getting rid of my bad habits.
I've changed and expanded the text.
I've changed clothes.
I've changed departments.
I've changed for the better.
I've changed from the person I once was.
I've changed it.
I've changed jobs.
I've changed my daily routine.
I've changed my hair color.
I've changed my job.
I've changed my mind about doing that.
I've changed my mind again.
I've changed my mind on that.
I've changed my mind.
I've changed my opinion on that.
I've changed my plans.
I've changed my plans. It would be very expensive to move now.
I've changed my position on that.
I've changed my profile picture.
I've changed my schedule a bit.
I've changed my stance on that.
I've changed my website's layout.
I've changed since you met me.
I've changed that.
I've changed the French sentence. Please check the translation.
I've changed the bedroom into an office.
I've changed the plan.
I've changed the sheets.
I've changed.
I've changed. I'm not the same man I used to be.
I've checked and rechecked the results.
I've checked everywhere.
I've checked the records.
I've checked.
I've chipped a tooth.
I've chipped off a piece of the glass.
I've chosen her to be my wife.
I've chosen you to succeed me.
I've chosen.
I've clean forgotten.
I've cleaned every room except your bedroom.
I've cleaned my room.
I've cleaned the bath.
I've cleaned your room.
I've cleared my schedule.
I've cleared the table and loaded the dishwasher.
I've clearly voiced my disapproval.
I've climbed Mt. Aso.
I've climbed Mt. Fuji before.
I've climbed Mt. Fuji four times.
I've climbed Mt. Fuji three times.
I've climbed Mt. Fuji twice.
I've climbed Mt. Fuji.
I've climbed that mountain.
I've closed my tears and I'm going to let my voice out on the roads, now it's time to sing.
I've closed the door again.
I've closed the upstairs windows.
I've closed the windows upstairs.
I've color-coded the cards for your convenience.
I've come a long way since then.
I've come a long way to see you.
I've come a long way.
I've come across all kinds of trials and tribulations.
I've come all the way from Australia.
I've come all the way from Boston.
I've come back for you.
I've come back to stay.
I've come back.
I've come down with a chill.
I've come down with the flu.
I've come earlier today.
I've come for Tom.
I've come for her.
I've come for him.
I've come for them.
I've come from Australia.
I've come from very far away, from Ath-Waghlis, and Madame hasn't finished getting dressed!
I've come full circle.
I've come here before.
I've come here to help you.
I've come here to help.
I've come here to study Chinese.
I've come here to study French.
I've come here to work with Tom.
I've come here today to talk about the dangers of proprietary software.
I've come this far, so I'll keep going.
I've come to a point in my life where I don't believe in anything anymore.
I've come to accept that my parents were Santa. Though I still don't understand how they made it to all the houses in one night.
I've come to accept this.
I've come to apologise.
I've come to apologize.
I've come to appreciate her.
I've come to ask a favor of you.
I've come to ask a favor.
I've come to ask for a favor.
I've come to ask for your help
I've come to ask for your help, Tom.
I've come to ask you a favor.
I've come to ask you a question.
I've come to ask you some questions.
I've come to bring Tom a gift.
I've come to bring her a gift.
I've come to bring him a gift.
I've come to bring them a gift.
I've come to complain.
I've come to confess something to you.
I've come to depend on you.
I've come to find Tom.
I've come to get her back.
I've come to get you.
I've come to help you escape.
I've come to help you.
I've come to help.
I've come to know Tom quite well.
I've come to like the picture more than ever.
I've come to make my peace with you.
I've come to pick Tom up.
I've come to pick up Tom.
I've come to pick up my children.
I've come to pick up the results of the test I've done earlier this morning.
I've come to pick you up.
I've come to plunder your treasure.
I've come to save Tom.
I've come to save her.
I've come to save him.
I've come to save the princess.
I've come to save you.
I've come to say goodbye, Tom.
I've come to say goodbye.
I've come to see Tom.
I've come to see her.
I've come to see him.
I've come to see the sights.
I've come to see them.
I've come to see you.
I've come to see your boss if he's in.
I've come to settle some affairs.
I've come to speak to you.
I've come to speak with you.
I've come to take care of some business.
I've come to take what's mine.
I've come to take you home.
I've come to talk to you.
I've come to talk with you again.
I've come to talk with you.
I've come to terms with the fact that I'll never be as fluent in French as I want to be.
I've come to the conclusion that I don't believe in anything anymore.
I've come to the conclusion that happiness doesn't exist as a permanent state.
I've come to the conclusion that there's no such thing as fact. Not even science can be considered fact in the sense that it's a never-changing truth, since it's constantly changing based on our evolving technology, and on which competing theory comes out on top.
I've come to the same conclusion.
I've come to the unfortunate conclusion that musicals simply annoy the crap out of me.
I've come to the village.
I've come to trust them a lot more than I did for a while.
I've come to visit my girlfriend.
I've come to warn you about what's going to happen.
I've come under pressure from my boss.
I've come up with a brilliant idea.
I've come up with a good idea.
I've come up with a new set.
I've come up with a plan, but I'm gonna need your help.
I've come, as my mother told me to deliver this here.
I've come.
I've committed a minor sin.
I've committed the perfect crime, I think.
I've complained to Tom about that.
I've completed all the classes necessary for my certification.
I've completely forgotten Latin.
I've completely forgotten her name.
I've completely forgotten his name.
I've completely forgotten its name.
I've completely forgotten what it's about.
I've completely forgotten your name.
I've completely lost interest in this.
I've completely lost my bearings.
I've completely recovered from my illness.
I've completely recovered.
I've confessed.
I've connected a keyboard to my computer.
I've considered all of those possibilities.
I've considered doing that.
I've considered it.
I've considered that possibility as well.
I've considered that possibility.
I've considered that.
I've considered your request and have decided to deny it.
I've considered your request.
I've considering doing that.
I've consulted my doctor.
I've contacted Tom.
I've contacted her.
I've contacted him.
I've contacted them.
I've contacted your parents.
I've converted all the audio files to MP3 files.
I've convinced Juhi and Ishika to join us for a foursome tonight.
I've convinced Tom to do that.
I've cooked you a nice hot dinner.
I've corrected everything.
I've corrected it.
I've corrected the mistake.
I've counted them all.
I've counted.
I've created a few websites.
I've created a potion that turns you into... I actually don't know yet.
I've cried a lot.
I've cried so many tears.
I've crossed the Atlantic several times.
I've crossed the seas of eternity to understand that the notion of time is nothing but an illusion.
I've crossed your name off the list.
I've cured all my maladies with a diet of unprocessed food and by forgoing gluten, wheat, and grains.
I've cut back on everything.
I've cut back this year.
I've cut down on my expenses.
I've cut down on the amount I drink.
I've cut it into two pieces.
I've cut loose all ties with my old friends.
I've cut my finger.
I've cut my shin open.
I've cut myself.
I've cut out junk food.
I've danced so much that I'm dizzy.
I've danced with Tom several times.
I've dated a lunatic.
I've dealt with the matter.
I've dealt with this store for years.
I've decided I don't want to be famous.
I've decided I need to do that.
I've decided I shouldn't do that anymore.
I've decided I won't go to Australia this year.
I've decided I won't go to Australia tomorrow.
I've decided I won't go to Boston tomorrow.
I've decided I won't let people get close to me anymore.
I've decided I won't stay.
I've decided I'd try to do that tomorrow.
I've decided I'll do that by myself.
I've decided I'll do that instead.
I've decided I'll do that.
I've decided I'll go back to Australia by myself.
I've decided I'll go back to Boston by myself.
I've decided I'll never try doing that again.
I've decided I'll stay.
I've decided I'll try to do that tomorrow.
I've decided I'll try to do that.
I've decided I'm going to shave my head.
I've decided I'm going to stay.
I've decided I'm the one who ought to do that.
I've decided I'm the one who should do that.
I've decided it would be better not to do that.
I've decided it's time to stop now.
I've decided never to do that again.
I've decided never to vote again.
I've decided not to appeal.
I've decided not to buy that house I looked at last week.
I've decided not to call the police.
I've decided not to continue doing that.
I've decided not to do that after all.
I've decided not to do that again.
I've decided not to do that anymore.
I've decided not to do that either.
I've decided not to do that ever again.
I've decided not to do that from now on.
I've decided not to do that this morning.
I've decided not to do that today.
I've decided not to do that until Tom gets here.
I've decided not to do that until after Tom leaves.
I've decided not to do that until next Monday.
I've decided not to do that while I'm in Australia.
I've decided not to do that while I'm in Boston.
I've decided not to do that with Tom.
I've decided not to do that with you.
I've decided not to do that.
I've decided not to do this anymore.
I've decided not to ever do that again.
I've decided not to go camping with you.
I've decided not to go sailing with Tom.
I've decided not to go there.
I've decided not to go to Australia this year.
I've decided not to go to Australia until October.
I've decided not to go to Australia with Tom.
I've decided not to go to Australia with you.
I've decided not to go to Australia.
I've decided not to go to Boston this weekend.
I've decided not to go to Boston tomorrow.
I've decided not to go to Boston until October.
I've decided not to go to Boston with Tom.
I've decided not to go to Boston with you.
I've decided not to go to Boston.
I've decided not to go to college.
I've decided not to go to the party after all.
I've decided not to go to university.
I've decided not to go.
I've decided not to have the operation.
I've decided not to help Tom anymore.
I've decided not to help you anymore.
I've decided not to keep a dog again.
I've decided not to kiss Tom anymore.
I've decided not to leave.
I've decided not to live in Australia any longer.
I've decided not to live in Australia.
I've decided not to live in Boston any longer.
I've decided not to live in Boston.
I've decided not to move to Australia.
I've decided not to move to Boston.
I've decided not to play tennis tomorrow.
I've decided not to punish you.
I've decided not to quit.
I've decided not to sell my motorcycle.
I've decided not to sign the contract.
I've decided not to sing that song tonight.
I've decided not to stay until Monday.
I've decided not to study French anymore.
I've decided not to study French.
I've decided not to study abroad.
I've decided not to sue Tom.
I've decided not to sue her.
I've decided not to sue him.
I've decided not to sue them.
I've decided not to sue you.
I've decided not to support the plan.
I've decided not to swim this afternoon.
I've decided not to tell Tom.
I've decided not to vote in the upcoming election.
I've decided not to wait for Tom.
I've decided not to watch that movie.
I've decided not to watch this movie.
I've decided on going.
I've decided on this new car.
I've decided that I need to do that.
I've decided that I shouldn't do that anymore.
I've decided that I won't do that.
I've decided that I won't go to Australia this year.
I've decided that I won't go to Boston tomorrow.
I've decided that I won't go to the party.
I've decided that I won't let people get close to me anymore.
I've decided that I won't stay.
I've decided that I'll do that.
I've decided that I'll go back to Australia by myself.
I've decided that I'll go back to Boston by myself.
I've decided that I'll never try doing that again.
I've decided that I'll try to do that.
I've decided that I'm going to shave my head.
I've decided that I'm not going to see Tom again.
I've decided that I'm the one who ought to do that.
I've decided that I'm the one who should do that.
I've decided that we won't go.
I've decided to accept the job I've been offered.
I've decided to accept the job offer.
I've decided to accept the job they've offered me.
I've decided to accept your proposal.
I've decided to agree to do that.
I've decided to answer all questions publicly.
I've decided to apply to Harvard.
I've decided to approach the problem from another angle.
I've decided to approach the problem from another perspective.
I've decided to ask Mary if she'll marry me.
I've decided to be more positive and give it all I've got.
I've decided to become a scientist.
I've decided to become a teacher.
I've decided to become a writer.
I've decided to become an engineer.
I've decided to buy a vehicle.
I've decided to buy green curtains.
I've decided to buy that farm we were looking at last week.
I've decided to buy that house on Park Street that we looked at last week.
I've decided to buy the blue car instead of the red one.
I've decided to buy the blue car.
I've decided to buy this, even though Tom told me it was a bad idea.
I've decided to call Tom.
I've decided to call the police.
I've decided to change jobs.
I've decided to consult a lawyer.
I've decided to continue doing that.
I've decided to continue studying.
I've decided to continue working here.
I've decided to contribute Spanish sentences purely all this month.
I've decided to cut back on eating in restaurants to only once a week in order to save some money.
I've decided to cut ties with you.
I've decided to do that a different way.
I've decided to do that after Tom leaves.
I've decided to do that again.
I've decided to do that by myself.
I've decided to do that every day.
I've decided to do that instead.
I've decided to do that myself.
I've decided to do that next Monday.
I've decided to do that on my own.
I've decided to do that this morning.
I've decided to do that tomorrow.
I've decided to do that with Tom.
I've decided to do that.
I've decided to do the same thing.
I've decided to do whatever you ask.
I've decided to eat out tonight.
I've decided to end our friendship.
I've decided to fire Tom.
I've decided to fire her.
I've decided to fire him.
I've decided to fire them.
I've decided to fire you.
I've decided to forgive Tom.
I've decided to forgive her.
I've decided to forgive him.
I've decided to forgive them.
I've decided to forgive you.
I've decided to get into politics.
I've decided to get into teaching.
I've decided to get married, but I know well that after saying I do, the sun won't shine until I die.
I've decided to give Tom another chance.
I've decided to give Tom my old bicycle.
I've decided to give Tom the promotion.
I've decided to give everyone a raise.
I've decided to give my old bicycle to Tom.
I've decided to give up trying to do that.
I've decided to give up.
I've decided to go a little further.
I've decided to go back to Australia by myself.
I've decided to go back to Australia next Monday.
I've decided to go back to Australia with Tom.
I've decided to go back to Australia.
I've decided to go back to Boston by myself.
I've decided to go back to Boston next Monday.
I've decided to go back to Boston with Tom.
I've decided to go back to Boston.
I've decided to go back to doing that the way I used to do it.
I've decided to go back to school.
I've decided to go by train.
I've decided to go home early today.
I've decided to go into business for myself.
I've decided to go on a diet.
I've decided to go there.
I've decided to go to Australia for the summer.
I've decided to go to Australia instead of New Zealand.
I've decided to go to Australia next summer.
I've decided to go to Australia with Tom.
I've decided to go to Australia.
I've decided to go to Boston for the summer.
I've decided to go to Boston instead of Chicago.
I've decided to go to Boston with Tom.
I've decided to go to Boston.
I've decided to go to Hokkaido with my friends next month.
I've decided to go to the theater.
I've decided to go with you.
I've decided to go.
I've decided to grow a beard.
I've decided to grow a mustache.
I've decided to grow out my bangs.
I've decided to head back to the cabin.
I've decided to help Tom and Mary do that.
I've decided to help Tom do that.
I've decided to help Tom.
I've decided to interview for that job that you were telling me about.
I've decided to interview for that job you were telling me about.
I've decided to jog every morning.
I've decided to join the National Guard.
I've decided to join the volunteer fire department.
I've decided to keep a diary this year.
I've decided to keep doing that.
I've decided to learn shorthand.
I've decided to leave Australia.
I've decided to leave Boston.
I've decided to leave my work at the end of the month.
I've decided to leave on Monday.
I've decided to leave.
I've decided to let Tom do that for me.
I've decided to let Tom go to Mary's party.
I've decided to let Tom use my car.
I've decided to let you come back to work.
I've decided to live in Australia after I get my degree.
I've decided to live in Australia after I graduate from college.
I've decided to live in Australia after I graduate from university.
I've decided to live in Boston after I graduate from college.
I've decided to lose weight.
I've decided to major in French in college.
I've decided to make something for us to eat.
I've decided to marry Tom.
I've decided to marry her.
I've decided to marry him.
I've decided to move to Australia.
I've decided to move to Boston.
I've decided to not be swayed by the trends.
I've decided to not do that again.
I've decided to not vote for anyone.
I've decided to postpone my trip to Australia.
I've decided to postpone my trip to Boston.
I've decided to put myself back in the game.
I've decided to quit doing that.
I've decided to quit drinking.
I've decided to quit my job and take a trip around the world.
I've decided to quit my job at the end of this month.
I've decided to quit my job.
I've decided to quit working here.
I've decided to regularly write articles in English.
I've decided to remain here.
I've decided to replace the shutters.
I've decided to resign.
I've decided to retire.
I've decided to say yes.
I've decided to sell it.
I've decided to sell my car.
I've decided to sell my house.
I've decided to serve only imported wine.
I've decided to shave my head.
I've decided to start looking for a new job.
I've decided to start studying French.
I've decided to start studying harder.
I've decided to start taking piano lessons.
I've decided to stay for a few more days.
I've decided to stay for another night.
I've decided to stay here for a few more days.
I've decided to stay here.
I've decided to stay in Australia for a few more days.
I've decided to stay in Australia.
I've decided to stay in Boston for a few more days.
I've decided to stay in Boston.
I've decided to stay where I am.
I've decided to stay.
I've decided to stop doing that.
I've decided to stop eating meat.
I've decided to stop studying French.
I've decided to stop wearing underwear.
I've decided to study French at university.
I've decided to study French instead of English.
I've decided to study French instead.
I've decided to study French.
I've decided to study abroad.
I've decided to study as hard as I can.
I've decided to study kanji.
I've decided to study medicine.
I've decided to take a nap.
I've decided to take matters in my own hands.
I've decided to take this one.
I've decided to teach French.
I've decided to tell Mary that I love her.
I've decided to tell Tom I love Mary.
I've decided to tell Tom about what happened.
I've decided to tell Tom how to do that.
I've decided to tell Tom that I like him.
I've decided to tell Tom that I love Mary.
I've decided to tell Tom that I love him.
I've decided to tell Tom what I have to do.
I've decided to tell Tom what I need to do.
I've decided to tell Tom what I want to do.
I've decided to tell Tom what he has to do.
I've decided to tell Tom what he needs to do.
I've decided to tell Tom what to do.
I've decided to tell Tom what we've been doing.
I've decided to tell on Tom.
I've decided to tell the truth.
I've decided to trust Tom.
I've decided to trust her.
I've decided to trust him.
I've decided to trust them.
I've decided to trust you.
I've decided to try doing that by myself.
I've decided to try doing that myself.
I've decided to try doing that.
I've decided to try to do that by myself.
I've decided to try to do that here.
I've decided to visit Australia.
I've decided to visit Boston.
I've decided to volunteer.
I've decided to wait two more months before leaving.
I've decided to wait.
I've decided to watch this movie.
I've decided to weigh myself every day starting today.
I've decided to write 20 sentences a day on Tatoeba.
I've decided to write 20 sentences every day on Tatoeba.
I've decided to write 20 sentences on Tatoeba every day.
I've decided to write a novel.
I've decided we should move to Australia.
I've decided we should move to Boston.
I've decided what I want to do when I grow up.
I've decided what to cook for dinner.
I've decided.
I've defended Tom up to now.
I've deleted it.
I've deleted my comment.
I've deleted the app.
I've deleted those pictures.
I've deleted your name from the list.
I've deposited the money in the bank.
I've deposited the papers with him.
I've despised Mary for a long time.
I've despised Tom for a long time.
I've detected a big mistake.
I've developed a bit of a gut lately, so I've decided that, starting tomorrow, I'm going to go to the gym.
I've developed a bit of a thing for Tom.
I've developed ideas on how to get out of this situation.
I've developed romantic feelings for you.
I've developed so many ulcers in my mouth. It's painful and hard to talk.
I've devoted a lot of time to doing that.
I've directed about thirty movies.
I've discovered Tom's secret formula.
I've discovered a cure!
I've discovered a good restaurant not too far from my house.
I've discovered a good way to do that.
I've discovered a new and interesting world.
I've discovered a serious error.
I've discovered new evidence.
I've discovered something interesting.
I've discovered the truth.
I've discovered the victim's identity.
I've discussed my concerns with Tom.
I've discussed that with Tom already.
I've discussed that with Tom.
I've discussed the matter with Tom.
I've discussed this situation with Tom.
I've discussed this with Tom already.
I've discussed this with you before, I think.
I've disgraced myself.
I've dishonored my family.
I've dislocated my arm.
I've dislocated my knee.
I've dislocated my shoulder.
I've disobeyed Tom.
I've disobeyed her.
I've disobeyed him.
I've disobeyed them.
I've done OK without you.
I've done OK.
I've done a good deed.
I've done a good job.
I've done a little hunting.
I've done a lot already.
I've done a lot of foolish things in my life.
I've done a lot of foolish things.
I've done a lot of horrible things.
I've done a lot of skating.
I've done a lot of stupid things in my life.
I've done a lot of stupid things.
I've done a lot of surfing.
I've done a lot of that.
I've done a lot of traveling.
I've done a lot of very bad things.
I've done a lot of work.
I've done a lot this week.
I've done a lot.
I've done a really stupid thing.
I've done a truly stupid thing.
I've done a very stupid thing.
I've done all I can do.
I've done all I can here.
I've done all I can to help you. The rest is up to you.
I've done all I can.
I've done all I could to help you. The rest is up to you.
I've done all I could.
I've done all I had to do.
I've done all I need to do.
I've done all I needed to do.
I've done all I want to do in Boston.
I've done all I'm going to do.
I've done all of my homework and I'd like to take a short break.
I've done all that I can do today.
I've done all that I can.
I've done all that I'm going to do.
I've done all that.
I've done all the laundry.
I've done all this for you.
I've done as you wished.
I've done as you've asked.
I've done bad things that I should be punished for.
I've done business with Tom before.
I've done crazier things than this.
I've done enough already.
I've done enough harm already.
I've done enough.
I've done everything I can do.
I've done everything I can to help you.
I've done everything I can to help.
I've done everything I can.
I've done everything I could.
I've done everything I had to do.
I've done everything I need to do.
I've done everything I needed to do.
I've done everything I promised to do.
I've done everything I want to do in Boston.
I've done everything I was supposed to do.
I've done everything I've been asked to do.
I've done everything I've been asked.
I've done everything Tom asked me to do.
I've done everything Tom told me I should do.
I've done everything humanly possible.
I've done everything necessary.
I've done everything on my list.
I've done everything possible to discourage people from doing that.
I've done everything that I've been asked to do.
I've done everything that I've been asked.
I've done everything that Tom told me I had to do.
I've done everything that Tom told me I needed to do.
I've done everything that Tom told me I should do.
I've done everything that Tom told me to do.
I've done everything that needed to be done.
I've done everything that needs to be done.
I've done everything that you asked me to.
I've done everything that you told me to do.
I've done everything that you've asked me to do.
I've done everything that you've asked.
I've done everything with Tom's tacit agreement.
I've done everything you asked me to.
I've done everything you've asked me to do.
I've done everything you've asked.
I've done everything.
I've done exactly what I promised to do.
I've done exactly what I promised.
I've done fuck nothing today.
I've done half the work, and now I can take a break.
I've done it again.
I've done it all my life.
I've done it already.
I've done it before.
I've done it both ways.
I've done it myself.
I've done it right.
I've done it wrong.
I've done it.
I've done many interesting things in my life.
I've done many interesting things.
I've done many stupid things in my life.
I've done many things I shouldn't have.
I've done more work on my farm in the last three months than you've done in three years.
I've done most of what needs to be done. Tom will do the rest.
I've done my best to help you. The rest is up to you.
I've done my best.
I've done my duty.
I've done my homework.
I've done my job.
I've done my part.
I've done no such thing.
I've done nothing else.
I've done nothing exceptional.
I've done nothing interesting today.
I've done nothing to be ashamed of.
I've done nothing to deserve this.
I've done nothing to you.
I've done nothing unusual.
I've done nothing wrong.
I've done nothing.
I've done pretty well for myself.
I've done questionable things.
I've done research on this.
I've done rock climbing and deep-sea diving and slept in an Indonesian jungle.
I've done security for almost fourteen years.
I've done so.
I've done some bartending.
I've done some soul-searching.
I've done some stupid things in my life.
I've done some stupid things.
I've done some terrible things in my life.
I've done some things I'm not proud of.
I've done some things.
I've done some translations for Firefox.
I've done something really stupid.
I've done something unforgivable.
I've done something wrong.
I've done stupid things.
I've done that a couple of times.
I've done that a few times.
I've done that a hundred times.
I've done that a lot lately.
I've done that a lot of times.
I've done that a lot.
I've done that a number of times.
I've done that again.
I've done that all my life.
I've done that already.
I've done that and I'm sure I'll do it again.
I've done that and it's a lot of fun.
I've done that as well.
I've done that at least a hundred times, I think.
I've done that at least a hundred times.
I've done that at least three times.
I've done that before.
I've done that both ways.
I've done that countless times.
I've done that enough already.
I've done that enough.
I've done that every year.
I've done that for a few years.
I've done that for many years.
I've done that for the last three years.
I've done that for three years.
I've done that hundreds of times.
I've done that in the past.
I've done that kind of thing myself.
I've done that lots of times.
I've done that many times before.
I've done that many times.
I've done that more recently than Tom has.
I've done that more than I'd like to admit.
I've done that more than Tom has.
I've done that more than anybody else.
I've done that more than anyone else.
I've done that more than most people have.
I've done that more than once.
I've done that more times than I can count.
I've done that more times than I can remember.
I've done that more times than I care to admit.
I've done that more times than I'd like to admit.
I've done that multiple times.
I've done that myself.
I've done that numerous of times.
I've done that numerous times.
I've done that once already.
I've done that once before.
I've done that once.
I've done that only a few times.
I've done that plenty of times.
I've done that quite a bit.
I've done that quite a few times.
I've done that quite a lot.
I've done that several times.
I've done that three times already.
I've done that three times.
I've done that twice.
I've done that two times.
I've done that with Tom a lot.
I've done that, and so has Tom.
I've done that, too.
I've done that, you know.
I've done that.
I've done the best I can.
I've done the best I could to help you. The rest is up to you.
I've done the best I could.
I've done the job two months in advance.
I've done the lingerie.
I've done the math, and it ain't adding up.
I've done the right thing.
I've done the same thing many times.
I've done the same thing myself.
I've done the same thing, too.
I've done the same.
I've done the shopping.
I've done the work.
I've done the wrong thing.
I've done things I'm not proud of.
I've done things that I'm not proud of.
I've done this a few times before.
I've done this a hundred times.
I've done this a long time.
I've done this a thousand times.
I've done this all my life.
I've done this before.
I've done this kind of thing before.
I've done this many times.
I've done this several times before.
I've done this too.
I've done this.
I've done thousands of pushups over the years.
I've done time.
I've done very well.
I've done well here.
I've done well.
I've done what I can do.
I've done what I can for Tom.
I've done what I can for her.
I've done what I can for him.
I've done what I can for them.
I've done what I can for you.
I've done what I can.
I've done what I could.
I've done what I need to do.
I've done what I needed to do.
I've done what I planned for today.
I've done what I want to do in Boston.
I've done what I wanted to do in Boston.
I've done what Tom asked me to do.
I've done what you advised.
I've done what you refused to do.
I've done what you requested.
I've done what you wanted me to do.
I've done what you wanted.
I've done what you've asked.
I've done what you've requested.
I've done with him for the future.
I've done worse.
I've downloaded a cool fitness app!
I've downloaded some stuff.
I've drained the bathtub.
I've drank coffee every day since I arrived in Tokyo.
I've drawn a map.
I've dreamed about it every night for the last three weeks.
I've dreamed about it since I was a child.
I've dreamed about this for years.
I've dreamed about this.
I've dreamed of going to university for a long time.
I've dreamed of this day.
I've dreamed of this.
I've dreamt about you nearly every night this week.
I've drifted apart from my friends.
I've driven Tom's car many times.
I've driven to Boston many times.
I've dropped a bomb on Moscow.
I've dropped an earring.
I've dropped my pen.
I've dropped my torch.
I've drunk a litre of coffee.
I've drunk a lot of coffee already today.
I've drunk my cup of tea.
I've drunk three beers already.
I've drunk three cups of coffee already.
I've drunk too much coffee.
I've drunk too much.
I've drunk way too much coffee today.
I've earned a break.
I've earned a rest.
I've earned it without you.
I've earned it.
I've earned this vacation.
I've earned this.
I've eaten a great deal of food this week.
I've eaten a lot today.
I've eaten all I'm going to eat.
I've eaten all mine, but it seems nobody else has managed to finish theirs.
I've eaten all of them.
I've eaten all that I'm going to eat.
I've eaten all the apples.
I've eaten all the crackers.
I've eaten almost nothing.
I've eaten already.
I've eaten at Chuck's Diner several times.
I've eaten at that restaurant before.
I've eaten at this restaurant before.
I've eaten at this restaurant three times before.
I've eaten boiled eggs.
I've eaten enough for a week.
I've eaten enough for now.
I've eaten enough.
I've eaten here before.
I've eaten it.
I've eaten like a pig.
I've eaten my sandwich.
I've eaten nothing for the past three days.
I've eaten nothing for two days.
I've eaten one apple.
I've eaten one.
I've eaten out every day this week.
I've eaten rice.
I've eaten so many prickly pears that I'm constipated.
I've eaten so much that I can't even stand up now.
I've eaten some plums.
I've eaten the apple.
I've eaten the borsch.
I've eaten the food and drank the drink.
I've eaten them all.
I've eaten too much and I'm getting sleepy.
I've eaten too much today.
I've eaten, but I'm still hungry.
I've eaten, but not a lot.
I've eaten, but not much.
I've eaten.
I've edited Wikipedia.
I've embraced Islam.
I've emptied the trash.
I've ended up in my present state from having indulged myself.
I've endured a lot of pain.
I've endured many hardships in my life.
I've endured many hardships including assault and abuse.
I've enjoyed being around Tom.
I've enjoyed college a lot.
I've enjoyed doing that a lot.
I've enjoyed doing that since I was a child.
I've enjoyed doing that since I was a kid.
I've enjoyed doing this with you.
I've enjoyed every minute.
I've enjoyed good health all my life.
I've enjoyed it immensely.
I've enjoyed it.
I've enjoyed my stay here.
I've enjoyed my stay here. I'll be sorry to leave.
I've enjoyed my stay.
I've enjoyed myself here.
I've enjoyed myself very much.
I've enjoyed reading this novel.
I've enjoyed spending time with you.
I've enjoyed talking to you.
I've enjoyed talking with you.
I've enjoyed the time we've spent together.
I've enjoyed this novel very much.
I've enjoyed this soap opera very much.
I've enjoyed traveling with you.
I've enjoyed working with Tom.
I've enjoyed working with you, too.
I've enjoyed working with you.
I've enjoyed your company.
I've enrolled in an art class.
I've enrolled on a French course for beginners. I'm really looking forward to it.
I've enrolled on a Spanish course at the adult education centre.
I've enrolled on a painting course.
I've entered the appropriate settings on the washing machine.
I've envied Tom's talent for a long time.
I've escaped.
I've even had to rent an apartment in one of the most dangerous neighborhoods in the city.
I've even sold my nudes for cash.
I've excelled in mathematics all my life.
I've exhausted my patience with Tom.
I've expected his death for six months.
I've experienced it myself.
I've experienced that myself.
I've experienced the same thing.
I've experienced the trauma of heart attack.
I've explained all of this to you before.
I've explained all that.
I've explained all this already.
I've explained all this to them.
I've explained all this.
I've explained everything to her.
I've explained everything to him.
I've explained everything.
I've explained it many times.
I've explained it several times.
I've explained it so many times.
I've explained that to Tom.
I've explained that to her.
I've explained that to him.
I've explained that to them.
I've explained the problem to Tom.
I've explained the situation to Tom.
I've explained to you why he's not coming.
I've extensively visited two Buddhist temples, the Thai Wat Yanviriya in East Vancouver, BC, and the Chinese International Buddhist Temple on Lulu Island, BC. I learned Zen Buddhism on my own before any temple visits, but in Japan, I toured some temples and shrines. At the Thai temple, TheravÄda Buddhism influenced me. At the Chinese temple, Pure Land Buddhism influenced me. These three kinds of Buddhism influenced my thinking.
I've faced many difficulties in life.
I've failed Tom so many times now.
I've failed again.
I've failed in every respect.
I've failed three times before.
I've failed.
I've fainted.
I've faith in them.
I've fallen and I can't get up.
I've fallen asleep in class several times.
I've fallen for the trap.
I've fallen in love and now I can't live without you.
I've fallen in love with a young woman from Korea.
I've fallen in love with somebody else.
I've fallen in love with the French language.
I've fallen in love with you.
I've fallen out of love with you.
I've fallen out with my family.
I've fed the fish.
I've felt better.
I've felt guilty about it for months.
I've felt harassed by Tom.
I've felt severe depression for at least three weeks now, and it doesn't seem to be improving.
I've felt this way a lot.
I've felt this way for a long time.
I've felt this way for years.
I've figured it out.
I've figured out that the only way I can do this is to get Tom to help me.
I've figured out the puzzle.
I've figured out the truth, and I'm willing to share it with you for a low, low cost.
I've figured out the truth.
I've figured out what the problem is.
I've figured out why Tom and Mary are always late.
I've figured out why Tom is always late.
I've filed a complaint.
I've filed for divorce.
I've filled a glass.
I've filled out the questionnaire.
I've filled the bath with water.
I've filled the bathtub.
I've filled the glass.
I've filled the jug with water.
I've finalized my work.
I've finally accomplished what I set out to do.
I've finally came to terms with the fact that I am too complicated in love matters.
I've finally came to terms with the fact that I wasn't made to love somebody else.
I've finally caught you.
I've finally come of age.
I've finally come up with the most hilarious domain name for my personal website. What is it, you might ask? Well, I could tell you, but then one of you might steal it.
I've finally decided what to do.
I've finally figured out how to do that.
I've finally finished doing that.
I've finally finished painting the barn.
I've finally finished writing the report.
I've finally found a recipe for happiness: marrying Layla.
I've finally found my soulmate.
I've finally found something worth doing.
I've finally found the woman I want to marry.
I've finally found what I've been looking for.
I've finally found you.
I've finally got my divorce.
I've finally got some vacation coming as of the end of this week.
I've finally got the knack of kendo.
I've finally got the whole set!
I've finally got to get round to learning Polish so that I don't have to sit there like a lemon whenever my best friend Agnieszka and her mum get talking.
I've finally got used to urban life.
I've finally gotten home.
I've finally gotten over my cold.
I've finally gotten used to doing it this way.
I've finally gotten used to living here in Australia.
I've finally gotten used to living here in Boston.
I've finally gotten used to living here.
I've finally gotten used to living in the city.
I've finally gotten used to living on a boat.
I've finally gotten used to urban life.
I've finally learned how to do that.
I've finally learned how to roll my R's!
I've finally learnt the backstroke!
I've finally made a decision.
I've finally made good on my loan.
I've finally made it!
I've finally made up my mind.
I've finally made up my mind. I'll do the French language exam.
I've finally managed to do that.
I've finally managed to persuade Tom not to do that.
I've finally managed to persuade Tom to do that.
I've finally paid off my debt.
I've finally reached my limit.
I've finally realized that I was giving my whole heart and my whole love affection to the wrong person.
I've finally realized that I was unworthy of receiving love by just about anyone.
I've finally realized that I wasn't made for loving somebody else.
I've finally spent all the money that you gave me.
I've finally stopped doing that.
I've finally twigged that you don't want to talk to me any more.
I've finally uncovered the truth.
I've finally understood that you don't want to talk to me anymore.
I've finished all except the last page.
I've finished all my homework.
I've finished all my work.
I've finished all the work for today.
I've finished already.
I've finished cleaning my room.
I've finished cleaning the apartment.
I've finished cleaning the house.
I've finished cleaning the room.
I've finished doing that already.
I've finished doing that.
I've finished eating lunch.
I've finished eating.
I've finished entering the data.
I've finished getting ready for tomorrow.
I've finished half so far.
I've finished installing the towel rack.
I've finished my A-levels now, and I'm glad I haven't got to go to school any more.
I've finished my assignment.
I've finished my exams.
I've finished my homework.
I've finished my work.
I've finished preparations for tomorrow.
I've finished reading all the books you lent me.
I've finished reading that book.
I've finished reading the book I was reading.
I've finished reading the book you lent me.
I've finished reading the book.
I've finished revising.
I've finished showering.
I've finished studying.
I've finished the job.
I've finished translating everything that you asked me to translate.
I've finished translating everything you asked me to translate.
I've finished translating the report.
I've finished typing the report.
I've finished watering the flowers.
I've finished writing the letter.
I've finished writing the song.
I've finished writing the story.
I've finished writing.
I've finished.
I've fired Tom.
I've fired him.
I've fixed everything.
I've fixed it.
I've fixed the radio for him.
I've flown all over the world.
I've followed you for three days only to tell you that you mean nothing to me.
I've forgiven Tom already.
I've forgiven Tom, but I don't want to see him.
I've forgiven Tom.
I've forgiven you.
I've forgotten Tom completely.
I've forgotten Tom's last name.
I've forgotten Tom's wife's name.
I've forgotten a lot of French.
I've forgotten about everything.
I've forgotten about her.
I've forgotten almost all my French, but you can speak German.
I've forgotten almost all the French I ever knew.
I've forgotten everything.
I've forgotten her name.
I've forgotten her surname.
I've forgotten his last name.
I've forgotten his name.
I've forgotten how long we've known each other.
I've forgotten how to do it.
I've forgotten how to do that.
I've forgotten how to get to Tom's house.
I've forgotten how to get to Tom's place.
I've forgotten how to get to Tom's.
I've forgotten how to make friends.
I've forgotten how to play chess.
I've forgotten how to play that song.
I've forgotten how to read.
I've forgotten how to say it in French.
I've forgotten how to speak French.
I've forgotten how to spell it.
I've forgotten how to tie a bow tie.
I've forgotten how to tie a bowline.
I've forgotten how to translate this word.
I've forgotten my PIN.
I've forgotten my email address.
I've forgotten my exercise book again.
I've forgotten my mobile.
I've forgotten my password.
I've forgotten my pin number.
I've forgotten my purse.
I've forgotten my textbook today. Would you mind sharing yours?
I've forgotten something.
I've forgotten the answer again, I'm afraid.
I've forgotten the money.
I've forgotten the name of Tom's wife.
I've forgotten the name.
I've forgotten the names of Tom's sisters.
I've forgotten the names of the beaches I visited last summer.
I've forgotten the rules of chess.
I've forgotten the words to that song.
I've forgotten them all.
I've forgotten to bring my glasses.
I've forgotten to bring something to write with.
I've forgotten to call brother Marko.
I've forgotten to close the kitchen window.
I've forgotten to do that before.
I've forgotten to lock the front door.
I've forgotten to pose your question to Tom and Mary.
I've forgotten to post the letter.
I've forgotten to register.
I've forgotten to wind the clock up.
I've forgotten what I wanted to remind you about.
I've forgotten what I was going to remind you about.
I've forgotten what I've seen with my own eyes.
I've forgotten what you were talking about last time.
I've forgotten where I left my key.
I've forgotten where I left my keys.
I've forgotten where I put my key.
I've forgotten where I put my keys.
I've forgotten where I put my passport.
I've forgotten where you live.
I've forgotten whether it was Saturday or Sunday.
I've forgotten whether we've got lessons tomorrow.
I've forgotten whether you drink wine or not.
I've forgotten your address.
I've forgotten your last name.
I've forgotten your name.
I've forgotten your number.
I've forgotten your phone number.
I've forgotten.
I've forgotten. Was House Lancaster's family crest a red rose, or a white rose?
I've formatted your hard disk by mistake.
I've fought a good fight.
I've found Tom a French teacher.
I've found Tom.
I've found Tony.
I've found a better way to do that.
I've found a better way.
I've found a buyer.
I've found a flat for you.
I've found a fledgling sparrow. What should I do?
I've found a golden beetle!
I've found a good Mexican restaurant.
I've found a good job, away from the city and the noise.
I've found a good job.
I've found a good place for us to pitch the tent.
I've found a good place to pitch our tent.
I've found a good place.
I've found a job for you.
I've found a job in Australia.
I've found a job in Boston.
I've found a job.
I've found a lot of viruses on my aunt's computer.
I've found a new job.
I've found a new roommate.
I've found a new way to get to school.
I've found a place to buy cheaper fruits.
I've found a place to live.
I've found a place where I can buy cheap fruit.
I've found a pretty good new restaurant near the office.
I've found a quick and easy way to make money.
I've found a replacement for Tom.
I've found a roommate.
I've found a safe harbor.
I've found a solution.
I've found a sponsor.
I've found a trap door.
I've found a way of jumping so you can get 202m in the ski-jump!
I've found a way to do that.
I've found a way to overcome my habit of always picking fault with others.
I've found a woman for you.
I've found an apartment about thirty minutes from where I work.
I've found an apartment for you.
I've found an apartment.
I've found an easier way to do that.
I've found an easy way to do that.
I've found an old, but very good song from Joe Dassin.
I've found an unlocked window.
I've found another job.
I've found another mistake.
I've found another problem.
I've found another solution.
I've found another way to do that.
I've found another way to make money.
I've found everything I need.
I've found her.
I've found him.
I've found it in your room under the bed.
I've found it myself, no thanks to you!
I've found it.
I've found my man!
I've found my stolen bike.
I've found myself a girlfriend.
I've found myself a new girlfriend.
I've found myself a part-time job.
I've found nothing wrong.
I've found out a few things.
I've found out what Tom and Mary are doing.
I've found out what Tom is doing.
I've found out what's been happening.
I've found out where Tom works.
I've found peace in accepting life's ups and downs.
I've found some inspiration.
I've found some of the things I was looking for.
I've found somebody new.
I've found somebody to help us.
I've found somebody who knows Tom.
I've found somebody who'll help us.
I've found someone for the job.
I've found someone new.
I've found someone who can babysit for us tonight.
I've found someone who can help us.
I've found someone.
I've found something I'd like to show you.
I've found something amazing!
I've found something out.
I've found something strange.
I've found something.
I've found that loose leaf tea tends to be more flavorful than the dust they put in tea bags.
I've found that there is always some beauty left â€” in nature, sunshine, freedom, in yourself; these can all help you. Look at these things, then you find yourself again, and God, and then you regain your balance. A person who's happy will make others happy; a person who has courage and faith will never die in misery!
I've found the answer.
I've found the best hiding place.
I've found the book I lost yesterday.
I've found the book John has been talking about.
I've found the book John was talking about.
I've found the good wine.
I've found the key I was looking for.
I've found the key.
I've found the leak.
I've found the problem.
I've found the rope ladder.
I've found them.
I've found this website to be extremely useful.
I've found three ways to solve the problem.
I've found two books: one yellow and one red.
I've found us a good place to pitch the tent.
I've found what I've been looking for.
I've found you a flat.
I've found you a good place to live.
I've found you a job.
I've found you an apartment.
I've found you, you old sinner. I've been looking for you for a long time.
I've found you.
I've found your dog.
I've fried too many meatballs.
I've fucked everything up yet again.
I've fucked my teacher and I don't know what to do next.
I've fully recovered.
I've gadded enough of that story.
I've gained Tom's trust.
I've gained a few over the holiday.
I've gained a little bit of weight.
I've gained a little weight.
I've gained a lot of weight as well.
I've gained a lot of weight in the last three months.
I've gained a lot of weight recently.
I've gained a lot of weight since Christmas.
I've gained a lot of weight, too.
I've gained a lot of weight.
I've gained five kilograms.
I've gained more than two kilos since I came here.
I've gained more than two kilos since I got here.
I've gained over five pounds since I got here.
I've gained over two kilograms since I got here.
I've gained over two kilograms since coming here.
I've gained some weight.
I've gained thirty pounds.
I've gained three kilograms.
I've gained three kilos.
I've gained three pounds.
I've gained weight again.
I've gained weight and these pants are quite tight.
I've gained weight recently.
I've gained weight.
I've galloped for three days only to tell you that I could not care less for you.
I've gathered a little fat around my waistline.
I've gathered plenty of resources to help my students learn French.
I've given Mary everything she's ever asked for.
I've given Tom all the documents.
I've given Tom and Mary everything they've ever asked for.
I've given Tom everything he's ever asked for.
I've given Tom permission to do what he wants to do.
I've given Tom permission to use my bicycle.
I've given Tom something to eat.
I've given Tom the benefit of the doubt too many times.
I've given Tom too many chances.
I've given a speech or two in my time.
I've given all the documents to Tom.
I've given all the money I had.
I've given away my TV.
I've given birth once before. I know how to recognize birth contractions and these are definitely not birth contractions.
I've given birth to a daughter.
I've given her all the money I had.
I've given her my key.
I've given him all the money I had.
I've given him my key.
I've given him the benefit of the doubt one too many times.
I've given him the brush off.
I've given it a lot of thought.
I've given it my best shot.
I've given my best for the company.
I've given my old bike to the scrap dealer.
I've given my old bike to the scrap merchant.
I've given that some thought.
I've given this a great deal of thought.
I've given this a lot of thought.
I've given this quite a lot of thought.
I've given up eating meat.
I've given up hope.
I've given up my brother for dead.
I've given up on Tom.
I've given up on love.
I've given up on that case.
I've given up on the idea of buying a house.
I've given up on the idea of doing that.
I've given up on trying to surprise you.
I've given up on you!
I've given up on you.
I've given up smoking.
I've given up trying to convince Tom not to do that.
I've given up trying to convince Tom to do that.
I've given up trying to do that.
I've given up trying to persuade Tom not to do that.
I've given up trying to persuade Tom to do that.
I've given up trying to please everyone.
I've given up.
I've given you a local anesthetic.
I've given you a marvellous reference.
I've given you all the knowledge that I have.
I've given you all the money I have.
I've given you all the tokens of love you could expect from me.
I've given you everything I can give you.
I've given you everything I had.
I've given you everything you wanted.
I've given you everything you've asked for.
I've given you everything.
I've given you my answer already.
I've given you the information you asked for.
I've given you too many chances.
I've given you your orders.
I've gone a long time without reading a book and I am ashamed.
I've gone and caught a cold.
I've gone fishing many times, but I've never caught a fish.
I've gone hiking with Tom more than once.
I've gone lo-fi.
I've gone mad.
I've gone on much too long.
I've gone out. Back in a bit.
I've gone out. I'll be back after 7 p.m.
I've gone over the numbers.
I've gone through a lot, but I had a privileged upbringing.
I've gone through many hardships.
I've gone through more downs than ups over the course of my life.
I've gone to Australia twice.
I've gone to Boston a couple of times.
I've gone to Boston twice.
I've gone to Kyoto twice.
I've gone to great lengths to preserve my integrity.
I've gone to the village.
I've googled you and found out that you've spent time in prison.
I've googled you and found out you've spent time in prison.
I've got 20 bucks that says we'll catch the escaped prisoners before daybreak.
I've got 30 dollars in my wallet.
I've got 45 minutes to make the changeover at the next airport.
I've got French lessons at 2:30.
I've got ID.
I've got Tom in my office.
I've got Tom on the blower.
I've got Tom on the line.
I've got Tom on the phone.
I've got Tom to look after now.
I've got Tom with me.
I've got Tom working on it.
I've got Tom's address somewhere on my computer.
I've got Tom's address.
I've got Tom's keys.
I've got Tom's phone number.
I've got a 38.9 degree fever.
I've got a bad back.
I've got a bad blister.
I've got a bad case of jet lag.
I've got a bad feeling about this.
I've got a bad hangover.
I've got a bad heart: coronary artery disease.
I've got a bad knee.
I've got a bad memory for names.
I've got a bad stomachache.
I've got a bad taste in my mouth.
I've got a basket.
I've got a better idea.
I've got a better one.
I've got a better solution.
I've got a big cock!
I've got a big day ahead of me.
I've got a big day tomorrow.
I've got a big dick!
I've got a big hoo-ha.
I've got a big pee-pee.
I've got a big problem.
I've got a big surprise for you.
I've got a big wash today.
I've got a big week ahead of me.
I've got a bike.
I've got a birthday coming up.
I've got a bit of a cold today.
I've got a bit of a head.
I've got a bit of a headache.
I've got a bit of a sore throat.
I've got a bit of an ache in my back.
I've got a bloody nose.
I've got a boat reserved for a fishing trip. Want to come aboard?
I've got a boat.
I've got a bone to pick with Tom.
I've got a bone to pick with you.
I've got a boner.
I've got a booger.
I've got a book about fish.
I've got a book.
I've got a bottle of good whiskey.
I've got a bottle of whisky.
I've got a brand new bike.
I've got a bruise on my left leg.
I've got a bum ticker: coronary artery disease.
I've got a bus to catch.
I've got a busy schedule.
I've got a cake in the oven.
I've got a car.
I've got a cat. The cat's white.
I've got a child at home.
I've got a class in a few minutes.
I've got a clear plan.
I've got a cold sore on my lip.
I've got a cold.
I've got a complaint.
I've got a connecting flight.
I've got a cough.
I've got a couple errands to run.
I've got a couple of announcements to make.
I've got a coupon.
I've got a cousin who lives in Boston.
I've got a criminal record.
I've got a crush on Tom.
I've got a crush on you.
I've got a dangerous situation here.
I've got a date tonight.
I've got a date with him.
I've got a daughter Tom's age.
I've got a deal for you.
I've got a degree from a polytechnic.
I've got a dental abscess.
I've got a dentist's appointment at 2:30.
I've got a diploma from the Paris Conservatory of Music.
I've got a doctor's appointment.
I've got a dog.
I've got a driving licence, but I haven't got a car.
I've got a family to worry about.
I've got a family.
I've got a favor to ask of you.
I've got a feeling I've done this before.
I've got a feeling Tom and Mary are still here in Boston.
I've got a feeling Tom doesn't really know how to speak French.
I've got a feeling Tom is still here in Australia.
I've got a feeling Tom is still here in Boston.
I've got a feeling Tom might be right.
I've got a feeling something's gone wrong.
I've got a feeling something's not right.
I've got a feeling that Tom is still here in Australia.
I've got a feeling that Tom is still here in Boston.
I've got a feeling that Tom will show up soon.
I've got a feeling that Tom won't graduate this year.
I've got a feeling that nobody cares about their accent as much as the Russians.
I've got a feeling that something is about to happen.
I've got a feeling that something's not right.
I've got a feeling that that's not going to happen.
I've got a feeling that this'll end badly.
I've got a feeling that tonight's gonna be a good night.
I've got a feeling that you're going to like this movie.
I've got a feeling this is something we both should do.
I've got a feeling.
I've got a fever.
I've got a few friends.
I've got a few hours to kill and I'm starting to feel a bit peckish. Let's get a bite to eat.
I've got a few minutes left.
I've got a few minutes.
I've got a few months.
I've got a few more questions about that, Tom.
I've got a few more tins in the cellar. I think they're ravioli.
I've got a few more.
I've got a few questions for Tom.
I've got a few questions for you.
I've got a few questions.
I've got a few suggestions.
I've got a flashlight in the glove compartment.
I've got a flat tire.
I've got a flat tyre.
I've got a flight back to Boston booked for this evening.
I've got a football match tomorrow.
I've got a friend at the IRS.
I've got a friend in England.
I've got a friend in the FBI.
I've got a friend who lives in England.
I've got a friend who lives in London.
I've got a friend who works for the New York Times.
I've got a friend whose wife is a pianist.
I've got a frog in my throat.
I've got a funeral to go to.
I've got a funny feeling about that guy.
I've got a gammy leg.
I've got a good idea.
I've got a good lawyer.
I've got a good reason not to like Tom.
I've got a good reason to be worried.
I've got a good shot at getting into Harvard next month.
I've got a good understanding of Islam, but I know little about the Hindu religion and its culture.
I've got a great idea for a Christmas present.
I've got a great idea.
I've got a great situation here.
I've got a gun.
I've got a hangnail.
I've got a hangover today.
I've got a headache again.
I've got a headache all of a sudden.
I've got a headache from the cold wind.
I've got a headache from the cold.
I've got a headache right now.
I've got a headache!
I've got a headache, and there are no tablets left in the house.
I've got a headache, but whether it's my usual headache or one caused by the medicine I don't know.
I've got a headache.
I've got a headache. Maybe I should take some aspirin.
I've got a history with Tom.
I've got a hole in the toe of my sock.
I've got a horrible cold today.
I've got a hotel.
I've got a hound.
I've got a house.
I've got a huge pile of homework.
I've got a huge problem.
I've got a hunch something might be happening tonight.
I've got a hunch that something might be happening tonight.
I've got a hunch.
I've got a hunting dog.
I've got a job already.
I've got a job and I don't want to lose it.
I've got a job for you.
I've got a job in Australia.
I've got a job in Boston.
I've got a job interview tomorrow.
I've got a job interview.
I've got a job to do here.
I've got a job to do.
I've got a job.
I've got a keen-edged knife.
I've got a knife.
I've got a lead.
I've got a leaky tap.
I've got a letter to write.
I've got a list.
I've got a little brother and sister.
I've got a little extra time right now.
I've got a little job for you.
I've got a little more work.
I've got a little problem.
I've got a little surprise for you, Tom.
I've got a little surprise in store for the downtown boys who made fun of me.
I've got a little work to do.
I've got a long walk ahead of me.
I've got a long way to go.
I've got a loose button on my shirt.
I've got a lorry.
I've got a lot more experience than Tom.
I've got a lot more to do.
I've got a lot more to learn.
I've got a lot of CDs.
I've got a lot of fans.
I've got a lot of friends at the Department of Motor Vehicles.
I've got a lot of friends in Australia.
I've got a lot of friends in Boston.
I've got a lot of friends.
I've got a lot of good friends.
I've got a lot of good ideas.
I've got a lot of problems I need to solve.
I've got a lot of problems with the way you guys run this place.
I've got a lot of questions I need to ask you.
I've got a lot of questions.
I've got a lot of stories I could tell you.
I've got a lot of stories that I could tell you.
I've got a lot of talent.
I've got a lot of things to do this week.
I've got a lot of thinking to do.
I've got a lot of those.
I've got a lot of work to do before I can leave.
I've got a lot of work to do today.
I've got a lot of work to do.
I've got a lot on my mind.
I've got a lot on today, but I'm free tomorrow.
I've got a lot to do before I can go home.
I've got a lot to do today, but I'm free tomorrow.
I've got a lot to do.
I've got a lot to learn from you.
I've got a lot to make up for.
I've got a lot to offer.
I've got a lot to say.
I've got a lot to tell.
I've got a lump on my head.
I've got a lump stuck in my throat.
I've got a magazine article I want to show you.
I've got a mansion.
I've got a map.
I've got a mate who works there.
I've got a meeting I've got to go to.
I've got a meeting at 2:30.
I've got a meeting to go to.
I've got a meeting with him.
I've got a mental block; I just can't do it anymore.
I've got a message for Tom.
I've got a message for her.
I've got a message for him.
I've got a message for them.
I've got a message for you from Tom.
I've got a message for you.
I've got a migraine headache.
I've got a migraine.
I've got a million questions. I won't be able to put them all to you today, but I will ask a few.
I've got a million things to do.
I've got a missed call.
I've got a mountain of homework.
I've got a new ID.
I've got a new bike.
I've got a new phone.
I've got a new plan.
I've got a new word processor.
I've got a newspaper article I want to show you.
I've got a pacemaker.
I've got a package for you.
I've got a pain in my side.
I've got a pair of sunglasses.
I've got a parcel for him.
I've got a partner.
I've got a party tonight.
I've got a pass for the swimming pool.
I've got a pet tarantula.
I've got a photo of my girlfriend on my bedside table.
I've got a piano lesson in a minute. I just need to practise.
I've got a picture I want to show you.
I've got a piece of meat stuck in my teeth.
I've got a place to live.
I've got a plan B.
I've got a plan to get us out of here.
I've got a plan.
I've got a plane to catch.
I've got a plastic cup.
I've got a plastic glass.
I've got a pretty good idea.
I've got a pretty vivid imagination.
I've got a previous engagement.
I've got a problem here.
I've got a problem.
I've got a project for you.
I've got a proposition for you.
I've got a proposition that could prove to be very beneficial to you.
I've got a provisional licence.
I've got a queen of hearts.
I've got a question I need to ask you.
I've got a question I want to ask you.
I've got a question for Sami.
I've got a question for Tom.
I've got a question for you about Tom.
I've got a question for you, too.
I've got a question for you.
I've got a question.
I've got a rash.
I've got a real bad headache.
I've got a real good feeling about it.
I've got a red car.
I've got a report to write.
I've got a reservation.
I've got a rock in my shoe.
I've got a rope in my trunk.
I've got a rough idea where it is.
I've got a sailing licence.
I've got a sailing license.
I've got a sandwich.
I've got a saucepan full of water on the hob. Can you just check to see if it's boiling? If it is, can you put the pasta in that's weighed out in a bowl on the table?
I've got a secret to tell you.
I've got a secret.
I've got a shirt.
I've got a situation to deal with.
I've got a six-year-old son.
I've got a small dog. He's got white fur and small pointy ears. My son plays with him a lot. The dog is always hungry, but my son doesn't give him anything.
I've got a soccer game tomorrow.
I've got a son.
I've got a sore throat.
I've got a special surprise for you.
I've got a splendid idea.
I've got a splinter of glass in my foot.
I've got a splinter stuck in my finger.
I've got a splitting headache.
I've got a squeaking noise in my brand new car, and do you think I can find where it's coming from?
I've got a stain on my T-shirt.
I've got a stiff neck.
I've got a stone in my shoe.
I've got a strange lump on my left bollock.
I've got a strawberry.
I've got a suggestion.
I've got a surprise for you in this package.
I've got a surprise for you, Tom.
I've got a surprise for you.
I've got a surprise for youâ€”camping trip, interested?
I've got a sweet tooth.
I've got a tap that leaks.
I've got a terrible blister on my hand.
I've got a terrible cough.
I've got a terrible hangover.
I've got a terrible headache.
I've got a terrible toothache.
I've got a terrific surprise for you.
I've got a test tomorrow.
I've got a thing I've got to go to.
I've got a three-year contract.
I've got a three-year-old son.
I've got a thyroid problem.
I've got a ton of homework.
I've got a ton of things to do.
I've got a ton of work to do.
I've got a toothache.
I've got a toothache. I just can't bear this pain anymore.
I've got a toothache. The pain is killing me.
I've got a touch of the 'tism.
I've got a touch of the flu.
I've got a train to catch.
I've got a truck.
I've got a university degree.
I've got a very bad feeling about this.
I've got a very bad headache.
I've got a very full schedule.
I've got a visual on a hostile.
I've got a visual on a possible hostile.
I've got a weak bladder.
I've got a weakness for homework.
I've got a wedding to go to.
I've got a wedding to plan.
I've got a white horse.
I've got a wife and child.
I've got a wife and children.
I've got a wife and kids.
I've got a wife and three children.
I've got a wife at home.
I've got a wife now.
I've got a window that needs boarding up.
I've got a witness.
I've got about an hour until I have to leave.
I've got accustomed to speaking in public.
I've got acquainted with him since then.
I've got acquainted with them.
I've got all my confidence back now.
I've got all the friends I need.
I've got all the time in the world.
I've got almost everything I need.
I've got an Italian handbag.
I've got an abscessed tooth.
I've got an announcement to make.
I've got an apartment.
I've got an appointment for a haircut.
I've got an appointment on Monday.
I've got an appointment tomorrow with Tom.
I've got an appointment tonight.
I've got an appointment with Mr Jackson.
I've got an appointment with Mr. Jackson.
I've got an appointment with the orthopaedist next Tuesday.
I've got an appointment with the professor at 1.30.
I've got an appointment.
I've got an attractive proposition for you.
I've got an ear booger.
I've got an ear infection.
I've got an earache.
I've got an easy job.
I've got an electric bike that's foldable.
I've got an electrolysis appointment at 1:30.
I've got an emergency.
I've got an erection.
I've got an even better idea.
I've got an exam in a few minutes, and I'm going to fail for sure.
I've got an exam in the morning.
I've got an eye booger.
I've got an idea.
I've got an important message for Tom.
I've got an important message from Tom.
I've got an interview tomorrow.
I've got an itchy trigger finger.
I've got an older brother the same age as you.
I've got an orange.
I've got an upset stomach.
I've got anaemia.
I've got another commitment this evening.
I've got another dollar coming.
I've got another headache.
I've got anything.
I've got as much money as he has.
I've got as much to lose here as you do.
I've got asthma.
I've got backache because I slept on the floor yesterday.
I've got bad akathisia.
I've got bad news and worse news.
I've got bad news for Mary.
I've got bad news for her.
I've got bad news for them.
I've got bad news for you.
I've got bad news.
I've got baldness.
I've got bats for brains.
I've got bats in my brain.
I've got beer.
I've got better things to do in my spare time.
I've got better things to do than to keep track of what Tom's doing.
I've got better things to do than to sit here listening to your gossip.
I've got better things to do with my free time.
I've got better things to do with my time than to sit here and listen to you complain.
I've got better things to do with my time.
I've got better things to do.
I've got big hands.
I've got big plans for the future.
I've got bigger problems.
I've got bills to pay.
I've got blisters all over my feet.
I've got blisters on my feet.
I've got blisters on my fingers.
I've got blisters.
I've got blood in my eyes and can't see.
I've got blue eyes.
I've got blurred vision.
I've got boxes to unload.
I've got brain weasels.
I've got brown eyes.
I've got business to do in Algiers.
I've got business with Tom.
I've got business with her.
I've got business with him.
I've got business with them.
I've got butterflies in my stomach.
I've got claustrophobia.
I've got cold feet.
I've got company.
I've got cookies.
I've got crabs.
I've got cramp in my calf.
I've got cum in my socks.
I've got diabetes.
I've got diarrhea.
I've got electrical tape, duct tape, and adhesive tape. Which do you prefer?
I've got enough crap to deal with.
I've got enough dice, but I'm missing a few pieces.
I've got enough money for a car.
I've got enough of this.
I've got enough problems as it is.
I've got everything I need right here.
I've got everything I need.
I've got everything I want.
I've got everything here.
I've got everything that you want.
I've got everything under control.
I've got everything we need.
I've got everything.
I've got evidence.
I've got exactly 13 dollars in my pocket.
I've got eyes.
I've got fairly used to it.
I've got faith in her.
I've got faith in him.
I've got faith in myself.
I've got faith in them.
I've got faith in us.
I've got faith in you.
I've got faith.
I've got fewer than you've got.
I've got fewer than you.
I've got finals.
I've got five different dictionaries on the shelf, but I always use the same one.
I've got fond memories of you.
I've got friends in Australia.
I've got friends in Boston.
I've got gastritis, I think.
I've got good news and bad news.
I've got good news for you, Tom.
I've got good news for you.
I've got good news.
I've got good reasons to be nervous.
I've got good reasons to do that.
I've got goose bumps.
I've got great news for you, Fadil.
I've got great news for you, Tom.
I've got great news for you.
I've got great news.
I've got half an hour lunch break.
I've got half an hour.
I've got hardly any books.
I've got her address.
I've got her in my office.
I've got her on the line.
I've got her with me.
I've got her working on it.
I've got here a pair of trousers that are too long for me. Can you alter them?
I've got hiccups.
I've got high hopes.
I've got him figured out.
I've got him in my office.
I've got him on the line.
I've got him with me.
I've got him working on it.
I've got his address.
I've got his telephone number.
I've got homework to do.
I've got hundreds of music folders on my PC.
I've got important business.
I've got indigestion.
I've got inside information.
I've got it all figured out.
I've got it all sorted.
I've got it all straightened out.
I've got it all under control.
I've got it all.
I've got it covered.
I've got it in my pocket.
I've got it now, Tom.
I've got it right here.
I've got it under control.
I've got it.
I've got just about everything I need.
I've got just one question.
I've got just one sweet left.
I've got just ten English textbooks.
I've got just twenty euros.
I've got kids, too.
I've got kids.
I've got laundry lying all over the place.
I've got less than you've got.
I've got less than you.
I've got little time for reading these days.
I've got long hair.
I've got longer legs than Tom.
I've got longer legs than her.
I've got longer legs than him.
I've got longer legs than you.
I've got lost in the forest.
I've got lots of elastic bands.
I've got lots of friends here.
I've got lots of friends in Boston.
I've got lots of ideas.
I've got lots of other things to do too.
I've got lots of other things to do.
I've got lots of questions.
I've got lots of things to do here at the office.
I've got lots of those.
I've got lots to say.
I've got many a blister from my ill-prepared hike yesterday.
I've got many of those.
I've got maths homework today.
I've got memories.
I've got midterms.
I've got mine, so screw you.
I've got mine.
I've got money.
I've got more books than I can read.
I've got more experience than Tom.
I've got more important things to do.
I've got more important work to do.
I've got more money than I know what to do with.
I've got more money than Tom has.
I've got more pounds to my name than you've hairs on your head.
I've got more room than I need.
I've got more secrets.
I've got more.
I've got mosquito bites all over my arm.
I've got mosquito bites and they really itch. Do you have any medicine for it?
I've got much work to do at the moment.
I've got my appointment with Tom on Monday.
I've got my college interview tomorrow. Hopefully I'll pass.
I've got my confidence back now.
I've got my dog in the car.
I've got my doubts about that.
I've got my eye on you.
I've got my eyes on you.
I've got my family here with me.
I've got my fingers crossed.
I've got my fog lights on.
I've got my friend on the line right now.
I've got my friend on the phone at the moment.
I've got my guitar in the trunk of my car.
I've got my hair dyed black.
I've got my hands full before 4 pm.
I've got my hands full here.
I've got my hands full.
I've got my own place.
I've got my own problems to take care of.
I've got my own problems.
I've got my own.
I've got my pride.
I've got my reasons for hating Tom.
I've got my reasons for not trusting Tom.
I've got my reasons.
I've got my stubbornness from my father.
I've got my work cut out for me.
I've got new priorities.
I've got news for you!
I've got news for you, Tom.
I've got news for you.
I've got news.
I've got next to no books.
I've got no answer to my letter.
I've got no choice but to invite her.
I've got no choice but to invite him.
I've got no choice but to invite them.
I've got no choice.
I've got no clue why Tom said that to you.
I've got no complaints.
I've got no connection to him.
I've got no database access.
I've got no evidence.
I've got no feeling in my left arm at all.
I've got no friends.
I've got no idea how it works.
I've got no idea how long I'll be in hospital.
I've got no idea what I'm doing.
I've got no idea who she is.
I've got no idea why I'm so tired.
I've got no idea why he's scared of violins.
I've got no idea.
I've got no money left.
I've got no money.
I've got no more than five hundred yen.
I've got no more to do.
I've got no one I can practise English with.
I've got no one but myself to blame.
I've got no one else to ask.
I've got no one to practise English with.
I've got no one to practise Norwegian with.
I've got no one who I can practise Norwegian with.
I've got no passport.
I've got no place to go, so I'm going to stay here.
I've got no place to go.
I've got no plans tonight.
I've got no problem with that.
I've got no problem with you.
I've got no problems at all with it.
I've got no proof.
I've got no quarrel with you two.
I've got no reason to be happy.
I've got no reason to lie to you.
I've got no reason to stay.
I've got no reception.
I've got no regrets about it.
I've got no respect for finks, snitches, or tattle-tales.
I've got no secrets from Tom.
I've got no secrets from her.
I've got no secrets from him.
I've got no secrets from them.
I've got no secrets from you.
I've got no signal.
I've got no strength left.
I've got no time for that now.
I've got no time for that.
I've got no time to sit and talk.
I've got no worries.
I've got no zeal to do anything.
I've got nothing against it.
I've got nothing against waiting, but after two hours I'm beginning to feel a bit impatient.
I've got nothing against waiting, but after two hours I'm feeling understandably a bit impatient.
I've got nothing against you.
I've got nothing but time.
I've got nothing else to do.
I've got nothing else to eat.
I've got nothing else to say.
I've got nothing in my fridge.
I've got nothing left to say.
I've got nothing left.
I've got nothing more to say.
I've got nothing to confess.
I've got nothing to do today.
I've got nothing to do while the technician dissects the problem.
I've got nothing to do with him.
I've got nothing to do with it.
I've got nothing to do with that.
I've got nothing to do with this.
I've got nothing to do, so I'm writing some sentences for other people to learn.
I've got nothing to do.
I've got nothing to give you.
I've got nothing to hide from you.
I've got nothing to hide.
I've got nothing to lose.
I've got nothing to offer you.
I've got nothing to prove to you.
I've got nothing to regret.
I've got nothing to report.
I've got nothing to say about it.
I've got nothing to say about that.
I've got nothing to say about this topic.
I've got nothing to say on this subject.
I've got nothing to say on this topic.
I've got nothing to say right now.
I've got nothing to say to Tom.
I've got nothing to say to him.
I've got nothing to say to you.
I've got nothing to say.
I've got nothing to tell you.
I've got nothing to worry about.
I've got nothing to write about.
I've got nothing to write on.
I've got nothing you could use.
I've got nothing.
I've got nowhere left to hide.
I've got nowhere to go this afternoon.
I've got nowhere to go.
I've got nowhere to sleep tonight.
I've got one brother and two sisters.
I've got one for you.
I've got one just like that.
I've got one left.
I've got one like that already.
I've got one of these.
I've got one or two questions.
I've got one pair of gloves.
I've got one.
I've got only a week left before school starts.
I've got only half as many books as her.
I've got only half as many books as she's got.
I've got only myself to blame.
I've got only one left.
I've got only one pair of glasses.
I've got other commitments.
I've got other plans.
I've got other things that I need to be doing this morning.
I've got people coming for dinner.
I've got petrol.
I've got pictures.
I've got pins and needles in my leg.
I've got places to go.
I've got plans I really can't change.
I've got plans for you.
I've got plans of my own.
I've got plans.
I've got plenty more where that came from.
I've got plenty more.
I've got plenty of customers.
I've got plenty of food.
I've got plenty of friends.
I've got plenty of good ideas.
I've got plenty of money.
I've got plenty of other things to worry about.
I've got plenty of room.
I've got plenty of time now.
I've got plenty of time.
I've got plenty to do.
I've got pliers in my car.
I've got practice till six anyway.
I've got problems of my own.
I've got problems.
I've got proof right here.
I've got proof.
I've got quinoa coming out my ass.
I've got quite a lot of hats.
I've got quite used to it.
I've got real bad news for you, Tom.
I've got real feelings for you.
I've got really bad reception at the moment.
I've got really good news.
I've got reservations for dinner.
I've got reservations for lunch.
I've got reservations for us.
I've got responsibilities.
I've got rotten egg.
I've got sand in my hair.
I've got schizoaffective disorder.
I've got secrets.
I've got semen in my socks.
I've got serious anxiety problems.
I've got so many questions to ask you.
I've got so much left to do.
I've got so much more to do.
I've got so much to do.
I've got some bad news for you.
I've got some bad news to tell you.
I've got some bad news.
I've got some biscuits.
I've got some brownies.
I've got some business here.
I've got some business to discuss.
I've got some business to take care of.
I've got some business with Tom.
I've got some chicken in the refrigerator. Would you like to have some?
I've got some chores to do.
I've got some coffee for us.
I've got some cookies.
I've got some dirt on Tom.
I've got some donuts.
I've got some dust in my eyes.
I've got some experience doing that.
I've got some friends in Cairo.
I've got some gasoline right here.
I've got some good news and some bad news.
I've got some good news for you.
I've got some good news for you. We're moving to Kabylie.
I've got some good news.
I've got some great ideas but I need money.
I've got some great photos.
I've got some ice cream here. Do you want some?
I've got some ideas on how to solve this problem.
I've got some ideas.
I've got some information for Tom.
I've got some matches right here.
I've got some money in my pocket.
I've got some money saved up.
I've got some more chocolate for you.
I've got some new information.
I've got some news for you.
I've got some packing to do.
I've got some people I'd like you to meet.
I've got some petrol.
I've got some photocopying to do.
I've got some prison buddies who can help me do that.
I've got some problems with my concentration.
I've got some problems.
I've got some questions for you.
I've got some rather serious news.
I've got some reports to write.
I've got some savings.
I've got some snacks.
I've got some sort of nasty bug.
I've got some stamps in my bag.
I've got some stamps in my pocket.
I've got some studying to do.
I've got some stuff to do here.
I've got some suggestions.
I've got some things I need to do.
I've got some things I want to do right now.
I've got some things for you in my suitcase.
I've got some things that I need to do.
I've got some things to take care of.
I've got some tips for you to get fluent in Berber.
I've got some unpleasant news.
I've got some very good news.
I've got some work to do.
I've got somebody with me.
I've got someone here you might want to talk to.
I've got someone with me.
I've got someplace I need to be.
I've got something I need to do.
I've got something I need to tell you.
I've got something I really have to do.
I've got something I want to say.
I've got something I want to show you.
I've got something I want you to try.
I've got something I'd like Tom to have.
I've got something I'd like to give you.
I've got something I'd like to say to you.
I've got something better in mind.
I've got something better.
I've got something else I want to ask you to do.
I've got something else I want you to do.
I've got something else on my mind.
I've got something else to give you.
I've got something else to show you.
I've got something else to tell you.
I've got something for Tom.
I've got something for her.
I've got something for him.
I've got something for them.
I've got something for you here.
I've got something for you, Tom.
I've got something for you, too.
I've got something for you.
I've got something here I think you should see.
I've got something here that I think you should see.
I've got something important to discuss with you.
I've got something important to tell you.
I've got something in my bag that I need to give you.
I've got something in my car I need to go get.
I've got something in my eye.
I've got something in the oven.
I've got something interesting to show you.
I've got something more important on my mind at the moment.
I've got something of yours. Why don't you come here to get it back?
I've got something on my mind.
I've got something on the stove.
I've got something on you.
I've got something that I need to tell you.
I've got something that I really have to do.
I've got something to do.
I've got something to give you.
I've got something to say to you.
I've got something to say.
I've got something to show you.
I've got something to tell you.
I've got something urgent.
I've got something very important to say.
I've got something you both need.
I've got something you need to see.
I've got something you want.
I've got something you've got to see.
I've got something.
I've got sore eyes.
I've got sperm in my socks.
I've got spoons of all sizes.
I've got standards.
I've got strawberries. Would you like some?
I've got stuff I want to do.
I've got stuff to do.
I've got swimming practice on Thursday.
I've got terrible toothache.
I've got that.
I've got the afternoon free.
I've got the best way to get her to be your girlfriend.
I've got the blues.
I've got the bolts. Where are the nuts?
I've got the car keys.
I've got the collywobbles.
I've got the dab pen.
I've got the day off today.
I've got the devil's own luck in everything.
I've got the documents you asked for.
I've got the feeling I already met her somewhere.
I've got the feeling of having already met her somewhere.
I've got the feeling that I already met her somewhere.
I've got the feeling you're on the wrong track.
I've got the flu.
I've got the habit to cook for myself.
I've got the hots for him.
I've got the impression, that you understand each other very well.
I've got the jack of hearts.
I've got the key.
I've got the keys.
I've got the launderette on my left, and I can see the pub opposite. How much further is it to the bookshop?
I've got the luggage in my trunk.
I've got the mafia looking for me.
I've got the map.
I've got the memory of a goldfish.
I've got the money you need.
I've got the money.
I've got the most ideas, and I've got the best ideas.
I've got the munchies.
I've got the next three days off.
I've got the same chair at home.
I've got the same feeling, Tom.
I've got the situation under control.
I've got the sniffles.
I've got the solution.
I've got the tingles again.
I've got the water.
I've got the wrong one here.
I've got them all.
I've got them in my office.
I've got them on the line.
I've got them with me.
I've got them working on it.
I've got them.
I've got thin.
I've got things to do.
I've got things to say.
I've got things under control now.
I've got things under control.
I've got this all under control.
I've got this little job I want you to do.
I've got this one covered.
I've got this thing pretty well figured out.
I've got this under control.
I've got this.
I've got three bars.
I've got three brothers.
I've got three cats around me.
I've got three computers.
I've got three days left.
I've got three days off work next week.
I've got three hours to find Tom.
I've got three hungry children at home.
I've got three kids.
I've got three tickets.
I've got three times more money than you.
I've got three young daughters.
I've got tickets for the semifinal match this week!
I've got time for coffee. Would you like a cup?
I've got time now.
I've got time on my hands.
I've got time to wait.
I've got time.
I've got tired of your lies.
I've got to admit I'm a little bit confused.
I've got to admit something to you.
I've got to agree with Tom here.
I've got to agree with Tom on this one.
I've got to answer her letter.
I've got to answer his letter.
I've got to apologise to her.
I've got to be at a singing audition tomorrow.
I've got to be at an audition tomorrow.
I've got to be at the dentist's tomorrow at ten o'clock.
I've got to be back home by 2:30 tomorrow afternoon.
I've got to be careful.
I've got to be frank.
I've got to be free.
I've got to be going.
I've got to be honest.
I've got to be in Boston by 2:30 tomorrow afternoon.
I've got to be more careful.
I've got to be on my way now.
I've got to be somewhere at 2:30.
I've got to be somewhere at 6.30.
I've got to be somewhere else at 6.30.
I've got to be somewhere else at half past six.
I've got to be somewhere else at half six.
I've got to be somewhere.
I've got to be strong.
I've got to be there at nine.
I've got to be there by 2:30.
I've got to be there for my son.
I've got to be very careful, Tom.
I've got to brush my teeth.
I've got to buy one.
I've got to buy some bear spray.
I've got to buy some mayonnaise and soy sauce.
I've got to call Tom.
I've got to call her.
I've got to call him.
I've got to call them.
I've got to catch some Z's.
I've got to change at Hamburg.
I've got to change the blades on the windscreen wipers again.
I've got to change the light bulb.
I've got to change the shock absorbers.
I've got to check my front door.
I've got to check my inbox.
I've got to check my letter box.
I've got to check my messages.
I've got to check something out.
I've got to come in.
I've got to concentrate on the computer now.
I've got to cut Tom's hair.
I've got to cut some trees down.
I've got to dash!
I've got to design a new flier for the film.
I've got to do a better job.
I've got to do it.
I've got to do my chores.
I've got to do my homework before teatime.
I've got to do my homework now.
I've got to do my job.
I've got to do some shopping.
I've got to do something I really don't want to do.
I've got to do something about it.
I've got to do something first.
I've got to do something with these radishes.
I've got to do something with this eggplant.
I've got to do something.
I've got to do that today.
I've got to do that.
I've got to do this now.
I've got to do this right now.
I've got to do this tonight.
I've got to do this.
I've got to do what I believe is right.
I've got to draw the line somewhere.
I've got to drink your cola.
I've got to earn my own living.
I've got to eat something.
I've got to explain the reason.
I've got to explain.
I've got to figure out what I'm doing wrong.
I've got to figure this out.
I've got to find Tom.
I've got to find her.
I've got to find him before he does something stupid.
I've got to find him.
I've got to find it.
I've got to find my key.
I've got to find out how to do this.
I've got to find out what Tom and Mary know.
I've got to find out what Tom knows.
I've got to find out what really happened to Tom.
I've got to find out what's going on.
I've got to find out when Tom and Mary plan to arrive.
I've got to find out when Tom plans to arrive.
I've got to find out where Tom and Mary live.
I've got to find out where Tom lives.
I've got to find out who Tom gave that information to.
I've got to find something to do after I retire.
I've got to find something to do with my free time.
I've got to find the cause quickly, get out of this slump and live up to Mr. Tanizaki's expectations.
I've got to find them.
I've got to finish my homework before dinner.
I've got to finish this essay by tomorrow.
I've got to finish this.
I've got to fix my hair.
I've got to get Tom a present.
I've got to get Tom home.
I've got to get Tom out of here.
I've got to get Tom ready for school.
I've got to get Tom to help.
I've got to get Tom to the hospital.
I've got to get Tom's help.
I've got to get a drink.
I've got to get a haircut soon.
I've got to get a message to Tom.
I've got to get a reference from the University.
I've got to get away for a while.
I've got to get away from here.
I've got to get back home before Monday.
I've got to get back home by midnight.
I've got to get back home.
I've got to get back in shape.
I've got to get back into shape.
I've got to get back to Algeria.
I've got to get back to Australia.
I've got to get back to Boston before Monday.
I've got to get back to Boston.
I've got to get back to the meeting.
I've got to get back to the office by 2:30.
I've got to get back to the office.
I've got to get back to work.
I've got to get better organized myself.
I've got to get dressed for school.
I've got to get going, even though it's tipping it down.
I've got to get going.
I've got to get her a present.
I've got to get her home.
I've got to get her to help.
I've got to get him a present.
I've got to get him home.
I've got to get him to help.
I've got to get home.
I've got to get inside.
I've got to get it fixed.
I've got to get it together.
I've got to get me some work.
I've got to get my car fixed.
I've got to get my hair cut soon.
I've got to get my license renewed.
I've got to get my passport back.
I've got to get my skates on.
I've got to get on this train.
I've got to get one of those.
I've got to get out of Australia.
I've got to get out of Boston.
I've got to get out of here before I do something I'll regret.
I've got to get out of here.
I've got to get out of this town.
I've got to get ready for school.
I've got to get ready to go to school.
I've got to get ready.
I've got to get some jabs.
I've got to get some milk.
I've got to get some money somehow to repay the bank loan.
I've got to get some shots.
I've got to get some shut eye.
I've got to get some sleep.
I've got to get someone to come and mend my telly.
I've got to get something to eat.
I've got to get the 8.15 train to Paris.
I've got to get the house in order, so I'm busy now.
I've got to get them a present.
I've got to get them home.
I've got to get them presents.
I've got to get them to help.
I've got to get this done before tomorrow.
I've got to get this fixed right away.
I've got to get this fixed.
I've got to get this off my chest.
I've got to get to Algeria.
I've got to get to Tom.
I've got to get to a meeting.
I've got to get to class.
I've got to get to her.
I've got to get to him.
I've got to get to sleep soon.
I've got to get to the airport.
I've got to get to the bank.
I've got to get to the marina.
I've got to get to them.
I've got to get to work.
I've got to get up anyway.
I've got to get up early and catch a plane to Boston.
I've got to get up early tomorrow.
I've got to get used to doing this sooner or later.
I've got to get used to it.
I've got to get you out of here.
I've got to give Tom something.
I've got to give her something.
I've got to give him something.
I've got to give it to him.
I've got to give them something.
I've got to give you something.
I've got to go and buy some food.
I've got to go and buy something to eat.
I've got to go and feed the chickens.
I've got to go and get Tom.
I've got to go and get her.
I've got to go and get him.
I've got to go and get them.
I've got to go and see Tom.
I've got to go and talk to Tom.
I've got to go back and check.
I've got to go back to Australia next month.
I've got to go back to Boston tomorrow.
I've got to go back to Boston.
I've got to go back.
I've got to go do something.
I've got to go feed my horse.
I've got to go home and finish my homework.
I've got to go home and study.
I've got to go home.
I've got to go in there.
I've got to go into town quickly to do the shopping now, otherwise the shops will be shut.
I've got to go meet Tom.
I've got to go meet her.
I've got to go meet him.
I've got to go meet them.
I've got to go now.
I've got to go on a diet.
I've got to go or I'll be late for school.
I've got to go out for a while.
I've got to go out now.
I've got to go out to the newsstand to get a newspaper.
I've got to go out.
I've got to go see Tom.
I've got to go shopping.
I've got to go shopping. I'll be back in an hour.
I've got to go somewhere, but I'll be right back.
I've got to go straight to school.
I've got to go there immediately.
I've got to go there straight away.
I've got to go there, even if it's raining.
I've got to go there.
I've got to go to Australia next week.
I've got to go to Australia.
I've got to go to Boston next week.
I've got to go to Boston.
I've got to go to Kabylie.
I've got to go to another dreary meeting tomorrow.
I've got to go to bed. Good night.
I've got to go to church tomorrow.
I've got to go to hospital tomorrow.
I've got to go to the bank.
I've got to go to the bathroom.
I've got to go to the hospital.
I've got to go to the library.
I've got to go to the men's room.
I've got to go to the mosque.
I've got to go to the office for a few hours today.
I've got to go to the police.
I've got to go to work.
I've got to go with Tom.
I've got to go!
I've got to go, Sami.
I've got to go, Tom.
I've got to go, otherwise they'll start without me.
I've got to go.
I've got to go. It's late!
I've got to go. It's my dad again.
I've got to go; my colleagues are expecting me.
I've got to hand in my report by next Wednesday.
I've got to hand it in.
I've got to hand it to Tom.
I've got to hand it to him. He works hard.
I've got to hang up now. Someone is waiting to use the phone.
I've got to hang up, we'll talk later.
I've got to have a passport photo.
I've got to head back home.
I've got to head back to work.
I've got to head out.
I've got to help Mary.
I've got to help Tom.
I've got to help her.
I've got to help him.
I've got to help them.
I've got to hotfoot it to the station to catch the last train.
I've got to hotfoot it to the station to get the last train.
I've got to hurry to the station to get the last train.
I've got to hurry up or I'll be late.
I've got to hurry.
I've got to keep at least one of these.
I've got to keep going.
I've got to keep moving.
I've got to keep this one.
I've got to know.
I've got to learn French.
I've got to learn some new songs.
I've got to learn to slow down.
I've got to leave Australia.
I've got to leave Boston.
I've got to leave before 2:30.
I've got to leave early.
I've got to leave now.
I've got to leave on Monday.
I've got to leave right away.
I've got to leave soon.
I've got to leave town.
I've got to leave.
I've got to lie down.
I've got to look for a job closer by.
I've got to look into this.
I've got to look round here first.
I've got to lose some weight.
I've got to make breakfast for her.
I've got to make breakfast for him.
I've got to make breakfast for them.
I've got to make funeral arrangements.
I've got to make lunch.
I've got to make some calls.
I've got to make supper now.
I've got to make sure Tom does his homework.
I've got to make sure Tom does that.
I've got to make sure Tom doesn't tell Mary about that.
I've got to make sure Tom remembers to take his medicine.
I've got to make you understand.
I've got to meet Tom.
I've got to meet her at the railway station at five o'clock.
I've got to meet her at the railway station at five.
I've got to meet them at the station at five o'clock.
I've got to nip home. I've forgotten my tablets.
I've got to pack for the trip.
I've got to phone Tom.
I've got to practise my German.
I've got to prepare for the test.
I've got to prepare.
I've got to put my glasses on. I just can't see them.
I've got to quit.
I've got to read that book.
I've got to read the book.
I've got to read this book.
I've got to relax.
I've got to remember to return this money to him.
I've got to reply to her letter.
I've got to reply to his letter.
I've got to report it.
I've got to report this.
I've got to run to the bank.
I've got to run.
I've got to rush now.
I've got to rush to the station to catch the last train.
I've got to rush to the station to get the last train.
I've got to rush.
I've got to say goodbye.
I've got to say why.
I've got to say, I'm sad he's left the band. I hope they're all still mates.
I've got to scrape the ice off the windscreen.
I've got to see Tom.
I've got to see a dentist.
I've got to see her.
I've got to see him.
I've got to see it.
I've got to see someone.
I've got to see them.
I've got to see you.
I've got to shave before leaving.
I've got to show you something.
I've got to sign off.
I've got to sit down. I'm exhausted.
I've got to skedaddle or I'll be late.
I've got to sleep early today.
I've got to speak to Tom.
I've got to speak to her.
I've got to speak to him.
I've got to speak to you.
I've got to start doing that.
I've got to start fighting back.
I've got to start working out.
I've got to stay a little longer.
I've got to stay at home today.
I've got to stay at home.
I've got to stay here with my horse.
I've got to stay here.
I've got to stay in the hospital.
I've got to stay on top of things.
I've got to stay with Tom.
I've got to stay.
I've got to stop Tom from doing something stupid.
I've got to stop Tom.
I've got to stop doing that.
I've got to stop eating such sweet ice cream.
I've got to stop her.
I've got to stop him.
I've got to stop making stupid typos.
I've got to stop smoking.
I've got to stop them.
I've got to stop you.
I've got to study.
I've got to take a make-up test.
I've got to take an umbrella with me.
I've got to take it easy.
I've got to take my library books back before January 25th.
I've got to take my medicine.
I've got to take my meds.
I've got to take my suit to the dry cleaners.
I've got to talk to Tom and Mary.
I've got to talk to Tom.
I've got to talk to everybody.
I've got to talk to her, tell her how sorry I am and ask her to forgive me.
I've got to talk to her.
I've got to talk to him.
I've got to talk to someone.
I've got to talk to them.
I've got to talk to you about something.
I've got to talk to you alone.
I've got to talk to you.
I've got to tell Tom what's going on.
I've got to tell Tom.
I've got to tell her.
I've got to tell him.
I've got to tell someone.
I've got to tell them.
I've got to tell you some bad news.
I've got to tell you something.
I've got to the point now where my skills have plateaued.
I've got to think about that myself first. I'll let you know when I've come to a conclusion.
I've got to try it now.
I've got to try that again.
I've got to try to catch Tom.
I've got to try to catch her.
I've got to try to catch him.
I've got to try to catch them.
I've got to try to find Tom.
I've got to try to find her.
I've got to try to find him.
I've got to try to find them.
I've got to try.
I've got to wait until Tom and Mary get here.
I've got to wait until Tom gets here.
I've got to warn Tom.
I've got to warn her.
I've got to warn him.
I've got to warn them.
I've got to warn you that I'm not a good cook.
I've got to warn you.
I've got to wash my hair first.
I've got to win this race.
I've got to wrap my sister's dinner in cling film.
I've got to write a letter. Do you have a sheet of paper?
I've got to write a paper.
I've got to write an essay about my holiday.
I've got to write another report, but I don't fancy it.
I've got tons of ideas.
I've got tons of ideas. Good ones, not so much.
I've got too many concerns in my head at the moment.
I've got too much blood in my alcohol system.
I've got too much on my plate right now.
I've got too much to do.
I've got too much work to do.
I've got toothache.
I've got tuberculosis.
I've got two books.
I've got two brothers and a sister.
I've got two brothers.
I've got two cars, but they're both out of service.
I've got two hours to finish writing this report.
I've got two kids in school.
I've got two kids. One of them is a boy, and the other one's a boy, too.
I've got two tickets for a fishing trip. Wanna come?
I've got two tickets for the concert. Wanna come?
I've got two tickets for the concert. Would you like to come with me?
I've got urgent business.
I've got used to going to bed early.
I've got used to going to bed far too late.
I've got used to speaking in public.
I've got used to the cold.
I've got used to the noise.
I've got used to you.
I've got varicose veins.
I've got very bad genes. Seven out of ten siblings of my grandparents died of cancer, including themselves. Three of four siblings of my parents died of the same. My only sibling, Tom, developed lung cancer a year ago. I can't help thinking when my turn is.
I've got very little energy.
I've got very little time.
I've got wet inside out.
I've got what I need.
I've got what Tom and Mary are looking for.
I've got what Tom is looking for.
I've got what looks like an emergency situation.
I've got what you need.
I've got what you want.
I've got wine.
I've got wooden clothes pegs.
I've got work to do here.
I've got work to do right now.
I've got work to do, so piss off and leave me alone.
I've got work to do.
I've got writer's block syndrome.
I've got writer's block.
I've got you covered.
I've got you down for six o'clock.
I've got you in my diary for 1 pm today.
I've got you scheduled for 1:00 PM today.
I've got you something.
I've got you.
I've got your Halloween costume.
I've got your address.
I've got your back whenever you need me.
I've got your back.
I've got your passport.
I've gotta get in shape.
I've gotta go to the bathroom.
I've gotta go up and perform now.
I've gotta go.
I've gotta piss.
I've gotta poop.
I've gotta take a leak.
I've gotta take a piss.
I've gotta take a shit.
I've gotten a bit older, and with time I've realized how much I don't know and probably will never understand.
I've gotten better at doing that.
I've gotten better.
I've gotten bored of sitting here all day studying.
I've gotten closer.
I've gotten completely hooked on Twitter recently, and it's not good.
I've gotten divorced again.
I've gotten fairly used to it.
I've gotten fat.
I've gotten hungry.
I've gotten into trouble.
I've gotten kind of used to doing things by myself.
I've gotten kind of used to it.
I've gotten married again.
I've gotten much better.
I've gotten much fitter, sleeker, and sexier thanks to all this running from the cops.
I've gotten my hair dyed black.
I've gotten myself into trouble again.
I've gotten older, haven't I?
I've gotten older, isn't it?
I've gotten older, right?
I've gotten older.
I've gotten quite used to it.
I've gotten through many a panic attack by accepting the death I think is imminent.
I've gotten tired of watching this boring game.
I've gotten tired. Guess I should go to sleep soon.
I've gotten to know Tom pretty well.
I've gotten used to being alone.
I've gotten used to doing it the way Tom wants me to do it.
I've gotten used to doing that by myself.
I've gotten used to doing that.
I've gotten used to doing things my own way.
I've gotten used to doing this.
I've gotten used to going to bed early.
I've gotten used to hot weather.
I've gotten used to it.
I've gotten used to living alone.
I've gotten used to living by myself.
I've gotten used to living here.
I've gotten used to speaking in public.
I've gotten used to that.
I've gotten used to the heat.
I've gotten used to the noise.
I've gotten used to the smell.
I've gotten used to this climate.
I've gotten used to this kind of work.
I've gotten used to this lifestyle.
I've gotten used to this.
I've gotten used to wearing a mask.
I've gotten used to winning.
I've gotten used to working with Tom.
I've gotten wary of the gleam in your eye that shows when you've developed a new obsession.
I've granted him one of his wishes.
I've grazed my knee.
I've grounded Mary for three days.
I've grown a beard.
I've grown as a person since then.
I've grown attached to the rats in my apartment and can't bear to kill them.
I've grown older.
I've grown rather fond of Tom.
I've grown tired of doing that.
I've grown tired of drinking wine. Give me a beer.
I've grown tired of watching this uninteresting match.
I've grown to love him over time.
I've grown to love it.
I've grown two inches this summer.
I've grown up because of life experience.
I've grown up in this neighbourhood.
I've grown up.
I've grown used to this.
I've grown.
I've had a bad day.
I've had a bad experience.
I've had a bad morning.
I've had a bad time.
I've had a bad week.
I've had a bath.
I've had a big crush on that beautiful man for years now.
I've had a blast.
I've had a brilliant idea.
I've had a busy day.
I've had a busy morning.
I've had a busy week.
I've had a change of heart.
I've had a coffee.
I've had a cold for one week, and I still haven't got better.
I've had a cold for several weeks.
I've had a complaint.
I've had a couple of drinks.
I've had a crush on you since I first saw you.
I've had a crush on you since junior high school.
I've had a crush on you since the first time I met you.
I've had a crush on you since the first time that I met you.
I've had a cup of coffee to keep me awake.
I've had a cup of coffee to wake me up.
I've had a difficult time after Tom was abruptly torn from me.
I've had a flu jab.
I've had a good day so far.
I've had a good life.
I've had a good sleep.
I've had a good time so far.
I've had a good time talking with you.
I've had a good time.
I've had a good year.
I've had a great deal to do.
I've had a great life so far.
I've had a great time in Australia.
I've had a great time in Boston.
I've had a great time.
I've had a great week.
I've had a hard day, all I want is an early night.
I've had a harder time doing that than Tom has.
I've had a harder time doing that than Tom.
I've had a headache for three days and I can't get rid of it.
I've had a headache since I got up this morning.
I've had a headache since this morning.
I've had a headache since yesterday.
I've had a high fever for three days.
I've had a horrible day.
I've had a job offer.
I've had a little bit too much to drink.
I've had a little bit too much.
I've had a little wine.
I've had a long day, and I've got a lot of stuff to unload.
I've had a long day.
I've had a look around.
I've had a look.
I've had a lot of calls today.
I've had a lot of fun doing this.
I've had a lot of fun here.
I've had a lot of fun so far.
I've had a lot of fun.
I've had a lot of girlfriends.
I've had a lot of practice doing that.
I've had a lot of practice.
I've had a lot of sleepless nights.
I've had a lot of time to practice.
I've had a lot of work to do lately.
I've had a lot on my mind lately.
I've had a lot on my mind recently and have had trouble falling asleep at night.
I've had a lot on my mind these past few days.
I've had a lot to eat today.
I've had a lousy day.
I've had a nasal voice for two weeks.
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it.
I've had a pleasant evening.
I've had a premature child.
I've had a pretty good life.
I've had a real bad day.
I've had a really bad day today.
I've had a really good time tonight.
I've had a really hard day.
I've had a really tough day.
I've had a really weird day.
I've had a rethink. I was going to go now, but now I think it'd be better if I went tomorrow.
I've had a rough day.
I've had a runny nose for two days and I've been feeling an uncomfortable sensation in my throat.
I've had a scratchy throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
I've had a show.
I've had a shower.
I've had a similar experience.
I've had a slight fever since this morning.
I've had a slight headache all day.
I've had a slight headache since last night.
I've had a slight sore throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
I've had a stressful week.
I've had a stroke before.
I've had a stroke.
I've had a talk with Tom about that.
I've had a terrible cough for a week now.
I've had a thing for rabbits ever since.
I've had a throat ache since this morning, but constantly sucking a throat sweet has made it much better.
I've had a tickle in my throat since this morning. Have I really caught a cold?
I've had a tough afternoon.
I've had a tough day.
I've had a tough week.
I've had a tough year.
I've had a vague uneasiness.
I've had a very busy day.
I've had a very busy morning.
I've had a very busy week.
I've had a very difficult year.
I've had a very hard day.
I've had a very long day.
I've had a wonderful time here.
I've had a wonderful time in Australia.
I've had a wonderful time in Boston.
I've had all I can eat.
I've had all that I can eat.
I've had an accident.
I've had an extraordinary day.
I've had an extremely stressful day.
I've had an inspiration.
I've had bad experiences with friendships.
I've had bad luck.
I've had better days.
I've had better vacations.
I've had black rice congee thrice in one day!
I've had bloating since I had my lunch.
I've had coffee already.
I've had countless sleepless nights.
I've had diarrhea since yesterday.
I've had enough already!
I've had enough excitement for a while.
I've had enough for one day.
I've had enough of Tom and Mary.
I've had enough of Tom pushing his ideas on me.
I've had enough of Tom's shenanigans.
I've had enough of Tom.
I've had enough of a life of apprehension.
I've had enough of all this.
I've had enough of eating just tomatoes.
I've had enough of the injustices.
I've had enough of the low-quality food at this restaurant.
I've had enough of the rain and the daily hum-drum.
I've had enough of this damn rain!
I've had enough of this mess.
I've had enough of this nonsense.
I've had enough of this place.
I've had enough of this program.
I've had enough of this sanctimonious talk.
I've had enough of this wet weather.
I've had enough of this, young lady!
I've had enough of this.
I've had enough of trying to deal with other people's problems.
I've had enough of waiting for you.
I've had enough of you.
I've had enough of your anti-science poverty.
I've had enough of your bickering.
I've had enough of your boasts.
I've had enough of your complaining.
I've had enough of your complaints.
I've had enough of your crap.
I've had enough of your excuses.
I've had enough of your help.
I've had enough of your laziness. Clean the pool right now!
I've had enough of your lectures.
I've had enough of your lies!
I've had enough of your lip for one day.
I've had enough of your lying.
I've had enough of your nonsense.
I've had enough of your questions.
I've had enough of your salacious innuendo.
I've had enough of your shenanigans.
I've had enough of your snide remarks.
I've had enough of your sorrows!
I've had enough of your stupid gossip.
I've had enough of your tomfoolery, Tom.
I've had enough of your tomfoolery.
I've had enough of your whining.
I've had enough time to think.
I've had enough to drink already.
I've had enough to eat already.
I've had enough to eat for now.
I've had enough to eat.
I've had enough!
I've had enough, so my stomach is full.
I've had enough, thank you.
I've had enough.
I've had full dentures for two years.
I've had fun talking with you.
I've had girlfriends that had more butt than brain.
I've had good luck with this.
I've had investigations conducted on you.
I've had it analyzed.
I've had it for today. I'm too tired.
I've had it on my brain all day.
I've had it up to here with Tom's behavior.
I've had it up to here with Tom.
I've had it up to here with him!
I've had it up to here with this nonsense.
I've had it up to here with those kids.
I've had it up to here with you guys.
I've had it up to here with you!
I've had it up to here with you.
I've had it up to here!
I've had it up to here.
I've had it with Jayjay.
I've had it with Tom.
I've had it with him.
I've had it with his nonsensical drivel.
I've had it with these stupid rules.
I've had it with this goddamn door! Open, you fucking bastard!
I've had it with this stupid job.
I've had it with you and your stupid ideas.
I've had it with you!
I've had it with you, Ziri.
I've had it with you.
I've had it with your riddles.
I've had it!
I've had it.
I've had it. All I've done today is handle complaints.
I've had just about enough of her.
I've had less than three hours of sleep in the last forty-eight hours.
I've had lots of chances to do that.
I've had lots of chances.
I've had lots of fun doing that.
I've had many bad experiences.
I've had many chances to do that.
I've had many conversations with Tom.
I've had many opportunities to do that.
I've had martial arts training.
I've had more girlfriends than Tom has.
I've had more girlfriends than Tom.
I've had more success doing it this way.
I've had more than enough of his constant nagging.
I've had more than enough.
I've had much bigger problems in my life than this.
I've had my driving license confiscated.
I've had my eye on you for a while.
I've had my fill of laughter.
I've had my fill of the tea.
I've had my fill.
I've had my hair removed permanently, so my skin is smooth.
I've had my pocket calculator stolen.
I've had my problems.
I've had my say.
I've had my share of laughs.
I've had my share of problems with Tom.
I've had my share of problems.
I've had my share of run-ins with the law.
I've had my suspicions.
I've had my ups and downs, but I've always managed to pull myself together.
I've had my ups and downs.
I've had negative interactions with friends.
I've had no appetite and haven't eaten anything all morning, but as you would expect I'm now starting to get a little hungry.
I've had no appetite at all this summer.
I've had no chance to do that yet.
I've had no chance to do that.
I've had no chance to see that movie.
I've had no chance to talk to Tom yet.
I've had no chance to visit Boston.
I've had no complaints so far.
I've had no contact with Tom whatsoever.
I've had no problems with Tom.
I've had no problems with her.
I've had no problems with him.
I've had no problems with my boss.
I've had no problems with them.
I've had no problems with this computer.
I've had nothing to eat all day.
I've had one bad marriage already.
I've had only a couple of drinks.
I've had plenty of chances to do that.
I've had plenty to drink already.
I've had plenty to eat.
I've had plenty.
I've had problems with my boss.
I've had quite a shock.
I've had quite enough of his impudence.
I've had recurring nightmares about this speech.
I've had several conversations with him this week.
I've had similar experiences.
I've had similar feelings.
I've had so much support.
I've had some bad breaks.
I've had some bad luck.
I've had some chances.
I've had some concerns.
I've had some gay experiences.
I've had some plums.
I've had some problems dealing with Tom.
I've had some success doing it that way.
I've had some success.
I've had something on my conscience for a long time.
I've had such a busy morning.
I've had such bad luck.
I've had that problem before.
I've had that problem myself.
I've had that same problem myself.
I've had the best holiday you could imagine.
I've had the flu since Monday.
I've had the flu since Monday. Right now, my temperature has gone down, but I don't feel completely normal yet.
I've had the opportunity to sharpen my English-speaking skills while travelling throughout Europe.
I've had the same phone for five years.
I've had the same problem myself.
I've had the same problem.
I've had the strangest cravings.
I've had the theme song stuck in my head all day.
I've had the time of my life.
I've had the weirdest cravings.
I've had the whole thing redesigned.
I've had this car for a long time.
I've had this computer for a long time.
I've had this dog since he was a puppy.
I've had this for a long time.
I've had this for years.
I've had this happen before.
I've had this kind of injury before.
I've had this pain before.
I've had this pain for a long time.
I've had this rash on my leg for a long time.
I've had this same hairstyle for years.
I've had this since I was a kid.
I've had this since I was thirteen.
I've had this song playing over and over again for hours.
I've had this song stuck in my head for two days!
I've had this stuck in my head all day.
I've had this toy since I was a toddler.
I've had this umbrella for a long time.
I've had this watch for thirty years.
I've had three blood transfusions.
I've had three cancellations this week.
I've had three different jobs since I got to Australia.
I've had three different jobs since I got to Boston.
I've had three different jobs since I started living in Australia.
I've had three different jobs since I started living in Boston.
I've had three different jobs this past year.
I've had three molars extracted.
I've had three moles removed.
I've had three operations so far.
I've had three operations.
I've had time to practice.
I've had to do everything by myself.
I've had to do that three times already.
I've had to go home.
I've had to make some tough choices.
I've had to postpone my trip.
I've had to stay in bed for three days.
I've had to work on that.
I've had too many close calls.
I've had too many disappointments.
I've had too much brandy.
I've had too much coffee.
I've had too much fried chicken.
I've had too much to drink.
I've had very bad luck.
I've had worse offers.
I've had worse.
I've happened to cry over the death of an earthworm.
I've hardly been able to load a page here for the past three hours.
I've hardly ever done that.
I've hardly got time to do that any more.
I've hardly had any time with Tom.
I've hated Tom since the first day I met him.
I've heard Australia is a very expensive place to live.
I've heard Boston is a beautiful city.
I've heard Boston is a very expensive place to live.
I've heard Doreen Ketchens playing the clarinet.
I've heard Einstein didn't start speaking until he was four years old.
I've heard French is a difficult language to learn.
I've heard French is a tricky language.
I've heard Italian is a tricky language.
I've heard Japanese and Koreans make bilingual puns. It's designated as "macaronic language."
I've heard Jim rejected the proposal.
I've heard Mary is really cute.
I've heard Tom and Mary are really good at speaking French.
I've heard Tom has dropped out of college.
I've heard Tom has dropped out of school.
I've heard Tom has left Mary.
I've heard Tom is a good cook.
I've heard Tom is a good swimmer.
I've heard Tom is a pretty good French speaker.
I've heard Tom is planning to move to Australia.
I've heard Tom is planning to move to Boston.
I've heard Tom is really good at speaking French.
I've heard Tom say that at least a hundred times.
I've heard Tom say that before.
I've heard Tom will be going to Harvard.
I've heard Tom will be leaving Boston next year.
I've heard Tom will be moving out of Boston in 2020.
I've heard Tom will be moving to Boston next year.
I've heard a duck quack, but I haven't heard a frog croak yet.
I've heard a lot about Tom.
I've heard a lot about it.
I've heard a lot about that, too.
I've heard a lot about you.
I've heard a lot of complaints about that hotel.
I've heard a lot of good things about you.
I've heard a report that you're leaving Boston.
I've heard about Duolingo.
I've heard about Tom.
I've heard about all your problems.
I've heard about it, but I don't really know what it is.
I've heard about it.
I've heard about it. Your parents disappeared, running out on their debt didn't they?
I've heard about men like you.
I've heard about the problems that Tom and Mary have been having.
I've heard about the problems that you and Tom have been having.
I've heard about these, but this is the first one I've ever seen.
I've heard about this kind of thing happening, but this is the first time for me to see it happen.
I've heard about what happened.
I've heard about you.
I've heard all about it.
I've heard all about you.
I've heard all kinds of stupid things, but your idea has broken all records.
I've heard all this before.
I've heard all your excuses.
I've heard bad things about you.
I've heard barley is yielding fruit in Sisku's field.
I've heard better music from power tools.
I've heard enough already.
I've heard enough already. Please leave.
I've heard enough from you.
I've heard enough of your lies, Mary.
I've heard enough of your lies, Tom.
I've heard enough of your lies.
I've heard enough.
I've heard everything.
I've heard from Tom.
I've heard from her.
I've heard from him.
I've heard from them.
I've heard good things about you.
I've heard great things about Australia.
I've heard he's a multimillionaire.
I've heard her speaking English as fluently as an American.
I've heard her story before.
I've heard him exaggerate before, but that story is a whopper even for him.
I've heard his jokes many times already.
I've heard it all before.
I've heard it all.
I've heard it before.
I've heard it said that English is for making money, French for making love, and Spanish for praying to God.
I've heard it said that it's harder to please a woman than to please a man. I wonder if that's true.
I've heard it said that there is no way for you to ever reach native proficiency in a language if you haven't started studying it before the age of twelve.
I've heard it said that you can judge people by the company they keep.
I've heard it said that you should never marry your first love.
I've heard many excuses before, but yours takes the cake.
I've heard many lies from you.
I've heard many things about Tom.
I've heard my grandma's stories so often that I'm heartily sick of them.
I've heard no complaints from Tom.
I've heard no complaints.
I've heard nothing but good things about Tom.
I've heard nothing from her as yet.
I've heard nothing from him of late.
I've heard nothing from him since.
I've heard nothing.
I've heard of Tom Jackson; I may have seen him on social media.
I've heard of Tom's marriage to a rich woman.
I've heard of Tom.
I've heard of her.
I've heard of him, but I don't know him personally.
I've heard of him.
I've heard of it happening.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of pseudomyopia, but I never thought my own child would come to have it.
I've heard of them.
I've heard of worse things.
I've heard of you.
I've heard one of Juanes' songs.
I've heard people talking about you.
I've heard quite a lot about you.
I've heard quite enough.
I've heard research has found that men are bigger liars than women.
I've heard research has found that men are more likely to tell lies than women.
I've heard rumors about Tom and Mary.
I've heard rumors about you and Tom.
I've heard rumors.
I've heard shoplifting is fun.
I've heard so many bad things about you.
I've heard so much about Tom.
I've heard so much about you.
I've heard some good things about you.
I've heard some real stupid stuff before, but you took the cake with this.
I've heard some very interesting stories about you.
I've heard taxis are expensive in Australia.
I've heard tell that you don't eat meat.
I've heard that Australia is a very expensive place to live.
I've heard that Boston is a dangerous place. Is that true?
I've heard that Boston is a very expensive place to live.
I've heard that Einstein didn't start speaking until he was four.
I've heard that French is a difficult language to learn.
I've heard that French is a difficult language.
I've heard that Mary wants a divorce.
I've heard that Mr. Huayllacahua is a carpenter.
I've heard that Robert is ill.
I've heard that Spanish has recently replaced German as the second most learned foreign language in France.
I've heard that Tom Jackson is the best lawyer in Boston.
I've heard that Tom and Mary are now studying French.
I've heard that Tom and Mary are planning to move to Boston.
I've heard that Tom and Mary are quite obstinate.
I've heard that Tom and Mary are sick.
I've heard that Tom and Mary don't do that very much.
I've heard that Tom and Mary don't do that very often.
I've heard that Tom and Mary have both dropped out of school.
I've heard that Tom and Mary have dropped out of college.
I've heard that Tom asked you to marry him.
I've heard that Tom bought an expensive car.
I've heard that Tom buys things on the black market.
I've heard that Tom can cook as well as, or better than, his wife.
I've heard that Tom doesn't do that very much.
I've heard that Tom doesn't do that very often.
I've heard that Tom has been admitted to hospital, but there shouldn't be any risk to his life.
I've heard that Tom has dropped out of college.
I've heard that Tom has dropped out of school.
I've heard that Tom has left Mary.
I've heard that Tom is a good carpenter.
I've heard that Tom is a good cook.
I've heard that Tom is a good dancer.
I've heard that Tom is a good golfer.
I've heard that Tom is a good juggler.
I've heard that Tom is a good mechanic.
I've heard that Tom is a good singer.
I've heard that Tom is a good skier.
I've heard that Tom is a good swimmer.
I've heard that Tom is a good volleyball player.
I've heard that Tom is a pretty good drummer.
I've heard that Tom is now studying French.
I've heard that Tom is planning to move to Australia.
I've heard that Tom is planning to move to Boston.
I've heard that Tom is quite obstinate.
I've heard that Tom is sick.
I've heard that Tom will be going to Harvard.
I've heard that Tom will be leaving Boston next year.
I've heard that Tom will be moving to Boston next year.
I've heard that Tom's plans have changed.
I've heard that Tony bought an expensive car.
I've heard that a baby deer can stand as soon as it's born.
I've heard that a fight broke out on the streets yesterday.
I've heard that a lot, too.
I've heard that an anonymous industrialist is pouring a lot of money into his political campaign.
I've heard that before.
I've heard that both Tom and Mary have dropped out of school.
I've heard that carrots are good for your eyes.
I've heard that chocolate doesn't make fat. I wonder if that's true.
I've heard that decaffeinated coffee may cause cancer.
I've heard that eating one or two servings of fish a week will reduce your chances of getting heart disease.
I've heard that evil beings don't like salt.
I've heard that fasting gives you bad body odor.
I've heard that from a lot of people.
I've heard that he turned a hippie, because he chewed some mushroom and discovered a new colourful world.
I've heard that he won't be in this country for a long time.
I've heard that his brother was stabbed with a penknife.
I've heard that if you default on the water rates your water supply will be suspended, is that true?
I've heard that if you drink beer you are more likely to be bitten by mosquitoes than if you don't drink beer.
I've heard that in Germany beer is cheaper than water. Is that true?
I've heard that it is best to always feed your dog at a specific time every day.
I've heard that it's dangerous to be walking alone on Park Street after dark.
I've heard that it's dangerous to walk alone on Park Street after dark.
I've heard that it's impossible to sound like a native speaker unless one starts speaking the language before the age of twelve.
I've heard that joke before.
I've heard that many politicians have off-shore accounts.
I've heard that many times.
I've heard that melody somewhere before.
I've heard that more often.
I've heard that more people are killed by donkeys than by plane crashes.
I've heard that most mammals can swim by instinct.
I've heard that most police cars don't have bulletproof glass.
I've heard that name before.
I've heard that name somewhere before.
I've heard that news that there has been a huge earthquake in Awaji.
I've heard that one before.
I've heard that people can eat cat food without any harmful effects.
I've heard that people who eat vegetables and fruit every day are less likely to have a heart attack.
I've heard that plants are better adapted to space travel than people are.
I've heard that shoplifting is fun.
I've heard that sitting up straight is bad for your back.
I've heard that some people sleep in bathtubs.
I've heard that somewhere in the forest, there's a species of mushroom growing whose spores are capable of putting anyone who breathes them in to sleep in less than five seconds.
I've heard that song before.
I've heard that sound before.
I've heard that story already.
I've heard that story before.
I've heard that taxis are expensive in Australia.
I've heard that taxis are expensive in Boston.
I've heard that the most beautiful women in the world live in Australia.
I've heard that the most beautiful women in the world live in Boston.
I've heard that the museum is closed on Mondays.
I've heard that the safest thing in a storm is to stand under a tree.
I've heard that their marriage is on the rocks.
I've heard that there are many Japanese restaurants in Australia.
I've heard that there are many Japanese restaurants in Boston.
I've heard that there's a monster living in the lagoon, is that true?
I've heard that there's a new cake shop near the station that makes delicious cakes.
I've heard that they've found an extraterrestrial object on the moon.
I've heard that this TV station has used a staged event in one of its previous shows.
I've heard that this is the oldest city in the world.
I've heard that this winter will be severe.
I've heard that women spend more on shoes than men do.
I've heard that women spend more on shoes than men.
I've heard that word before, but I'm not sure what it means.
I've heard that you and Tom were engaged once.
I've heard that you can burn more calories when exercising if you drink a cup of coffee before your workout.
I've heard that you can kill werewolves by shooting them with silver bullets.
I've heard that you can't alter your destiny.
I've heard that you don't eat green leafy vegetables. You say that it is food for animals.
I've heard that you should never date anyone who is less than half your age plus seven. Tom is now 30 years old and Mary is 17. How many years will Tom need to wait until he can start dating Mary?
I've heard that you shouldn't eat red meat more than once a day.
I've heard that you're a good tennis player.
I've heard that you're good at playing tennis.
I've heard that you're good at speaking French.
I've heard that you're leaving Australia.
I've heard that you're more likely to die of a gunshot wound than in an airplane crash.
I've heard that you're planning to retire soon.
I've heard that you're quite reliable.
I've heard that you're reliable.
I've heard that your child is more likely to die at a friend's house with a pool than at a friend's house with a gun.
I've heard that.
I've heard the French version of this song.
I've heard the Malay for "word" means "a piece of something broken off."
I've heard the beaches in Austria are breathtaking, especially in Sydney.
I've heard the call. I believe God wants me to run for President.
I've heard the most beautiful women in the world live in Australia.
I've heard the rumor.
I've heard the steak here is really good.
I've heard the steak here is very good.
I've heard there are many Japanese restaurants in Australia.
I've heard there's no statute of limitations on murder.
I've heard they don't let girls in this club.
I've heard they treat their employees poorly.
I've heard this before.
I've heard this joke already.
I've heard this joke before.
I've heard this song before.
I've heard this song somewhere before.
I've heard this story before.
I've heard this story many times.
I've heard this story scores of times.
I've heard women spend more on shoes than men do.
I've heard women spend more on shoes than men.
I've heard worse.
I've heard you and Tom were engaged once.
I've heard you can buy just about any kind of weapon you want here.
I've heard you didn't finish your studies. Why not?
I've heard you don't like to make small talk.
I've heard you have a secret admirer.
I've heard you play the piano.
I've heard you play the viola and you're not very good, are you?
I've heard you play.
I've heard you talk about this before.
I've heard you're leaving Australia.
I've heard you're reliable.
I've heard you've been ill.
I've heard you've been sick.
I've heard you've done some very bad things, is that right?
I've heard you've had a hard time with transportation.
I've heard your voice somewhere before.
I've heard.
I've helped Tom a lot.
I've helped Tom before.
I've helped Tom many times.
I've helped a lot, I think.
I've helped many people.
I've helped other candidates, too.
I've helped other people, too.
I've helped you; now it's your turn.
I've hired Tom.
I've hired a lawyer.
I've hired a new chauffeur.
I've hired a new cook.
I've hired a new driver.
I've hired a new lawyer.
I've hired a private tutor to help me practice my German conversation.
I've hired a rowing boat.
I've hired an assistant.
I've hired an attorney.
I've hired her.
I've hired him.
I've hired myself a lawyer.
I've hired myself an assistant.
I've hired them.
I've hit a brick wall with my research. I don't know what to do now.
I've hit rock bottom and now I want to surface.
I've hit the jackpot.
I've hit the lottery.
I've hung the calendar on the wall.
I've hurt my ankle.
I've hurt my arm.
I've hurt my knee, so I'm not going to practice today.
I've hurt my knee.
I've hurt my neck really badly.
I've hurt my shoulder.
I've hurt myself again.
I've hurt myself.
I've hurt your feelings, haven't I?
I've identified several vulnerabilities in the Pentagon's security.
I've imposed on you so much already.
I've improved a lot.
I've improved it.
I've improved my reaction time by almost thirty percent.
I've improved my results.
I've improved the sentence.
I've improved.
I've included a visitor's application.
I've inherited 60,000 euros. How should I invest the money?
I've inherited it.
I've injured my foot.
I've injured my knee.
I've injured my shoulder.
I've injured myself again.
I've injured myself.
I've inserted 2 DM and 75 â‚° to my piggy bank.
I've installed a new food delivery app on my phone.
I've installed towel racks before, you know.
I've instructed Tom to help you.
I've insured my rare 17th century piccolo.
I've interviewed a number of your teammates, and they all think you're the best player on the team.
I've interviewed several of your pet cats, and all of them agree that you're pathetic.
I've introduced Mary to my parents.
I've invited Tom over for dinner tonight.
I've invited Tom over for dinner.
I've invited Tom to dinner.
I've invited Tom to join us.
I've invited Tom to my house many times, but he's never come.
I've invited Tom to our party, too.
I've invited a few friends over for dinner.
I've invited all my friends.
I've invited my friends for dinner.
I've invited my friends over for dinner.
I've invited my friends to dinner.
I've invited my friends.
I've invited my neighbours over to dinner.
I've invited my neighbours round to dinner.
I've invited my neighbours to dinner.
I've invited some special guests.
I've invited the neighbors.
I've invited the neighbours.
I've ironed out the creases in my trousers.
I've ironed the creases out of my trousers.
I've joked with Tom about that.
I've just about got it.
I've just about had enough of this.
I've just arrived and I don't know anyone.
I've just arrived at the airport.
I've just arrived at the station.
I've just arrived at the top of a mountain. That's really surprising, because according to my map, there should be a lake here.
I've just arrived from Paris.
I've just arrived from school.
I've just arrived from the UK.
I've just arrived in Australia.
I've just arrived in Boston.
I've just arrived.
I've just arrived. I haven't even emptied my suitcases yet.
I've just arrived. I haven't even unpacked my bags.
I've just arrived. I haven't even unpacked my suitcases yet.
I've just asked myself that same question.
I've just assembled the bed.
I've just become a grandfather.
I've just been bitten by a snake.
I've just been fired.
I've just been mugged.
I've just been on a once-in-a-lifetime holiday. I'll tell you what, never again.
I've just been on the phone with the Tom.
I've just been over yonder.
I've just been promoted.
I've just been punished.
I've just been reassigned.
I've just been robbed.
I've just been shot.
I've just been sick on your carpet. Sorry.
I've just been sick.
I've just been studying that.
I've just been stung by a bee.
I've just been talking to Tom.
I've just been through the rooms and noticed that the painters haven't finished their work yet.
I've just been to Boston.
I've just been to check something.
I've just been to my uncle's house.
I've just been to the airport to see Tom off.
I've just been to the airport to see her off.
I've just been to the airport to see off a friend who was leaving for Europe.
I've just been to the bank.
I've just been to the post office to buy some stamps.
I've just been to the post office to send a package.
I've just been to the post office to send a parcel.
I've just been to the post office.
I've just been to the station to see my mother off.
I've just been told never to do that again.
I've just been told that I have to bring my own equipment.
I've just been too busy.
I've just begun studying French.
I've just begun.
I've just bought a little mouse.
I've just bought a new car.
I've just bought a new computer.
I've just bought a new pair of shoes.
I've just bumped into Tom.
I've just bumped into your mum.
I've just caught the last train.
I've just changed my avatar.
I've just changed my mind.
I've just changed my profile picture.
I've just chundered on your carpet. Sorry.
I've just come back from Australia.
I've just come back from Boston.
I've just come back from Sweden.
I've just come back from a long trip.
I've just come back from the UK.
I've just come back.
I've just come from a meeting with the boss. The conversation was disappointing as hell.
I've just come from home.
I've just come from my house.
I've just come from the UK.
I've just come from there.
I've just come home.
I've just come to Australia.
I've just come to Boston.
I've just come up with a great idea.
I've just crawled out of bed to face the day.
I've just created a professional website for my business.
I've just decided to do that.
I've just decided to move to Australia.
I've just decided to move to Boston.
I've just discovered this group. Their songs are great.
I've just done all the washing up.
I've just done it.
I've just done that.
I've just driven sixty kilometres.
I've just eaten a plateful of croissants. Now I'm full.
I've just eaten breakfast.
I've just eaten dinner.
I've just eaten lunch.
I've just eaten so I'm not hungry.
I've just eaten some sushi and drunk a beer.
I've just eaten the chocolate you gave me.
I've just eaten, so I'm not hungry.
I've just eaten.
I've just emailed you.
I've just fallen, but it doesn't hurt or anything like that.
I've just figured it out.
I've just figured out how to do that.
I've just figured out what the problem is.
I've just finished a translation project.
I've just finished binge-watching Gomorrah.
I've just finished breakfast.
I've just finished cleaning my room.
I've just finished dinner.
I've just finished doing it.
I've just finished doing my French homework.
I've just finished doing my homework.
I've just finished doing that.
I've just finished eating breakfast.
I've just finished eating.
I've just finished entering that data.
I've just finished it.
I've just finished lunch.
I've just finished my homework.
I've just finished my work.
I've just finished one third of my assignment.
I've just finished packing.
I've just finished proofreading your essay.
I've just finished reading that book.
I've just finished reading the book.
I've just finished reading this book.
I've just finished reading this book. Would you like to read it?
I've just finished secondary school.
I've just finished taking a shower.
I've just finished telling Tom that.
I've just finished telling Tom what to do.
I've just finished that.
I've just finished the book I was reading.
I've just finished the report.
I've just finished watching episode three.
I've just finished watching season one.
I've just finished waxing the floor.
I've just finished writing a letter.
I've just finished writing the letter.
I've just finished writing the report.
I've just finished.
I've just flown back from Boston.
I've just found an old diary.
I've just found her.
I've just found him.
I've just found it.
I've just found out about it.
I've just found out that you're going to be made redundant.
I've just found out that you're going to be sacked.
I've just found out who you are.
I've just found the problem.
I've just found them.
I've just found this.
I've just given you a teaspoon.
I've just given you a thousand dinars.
I've just gone and lost my key somewhere around here.
I've just gone over the whole thing in my head.
I've just got back from Australia.
I've just got back from a trip.
I've just got back from the UK.
I've just got engaged.
I've just got here.
I've just got home from school.
I've just got home from work.
I've just got home.
I've just got myself a new watch.
I've just got to do my part.
I've just got to do up my shoes.
I've just got to get out of here.
I've just got to see Tom.
I've just got to try my hardest.
I've just got up.
I've just got your letter.
I've just got your message.
I've just gotten home and had dinner.
I've just gotten home from work.
I've just gotten home.
I've just had a brilliant idea.
I've just had a chat with your doctor.
I've just had a cup of coffee.
I've just had a good idea.
I've just had a hot bath, so I feel much better.
I've just had a little nap.
I've just had a nap.
I've just had a shower.
I've just had dinner.
I've just had lunch and I'm already hungry again.
I've just had lunch.
I've just had my hair cut.
I've just had my hair done.
I've just had new tires put on my car.
I've just had new tyres put on my car.
I've just had our house painted.
I've just hard-boiled an egg for myself.
I've just hard-boiled myself an egg.
I've just heard a disturbing rumor.
I've just heard an interesting story about Tom.
I've just heard from Tom.
I've just heard the news.
I've just hired a new maid.
I've just invented a new word processor allowing to pronounce words backwards.
I've just learned a new song in a foreign language.
I've just learned that.
I've just learned the news.
I've just learnt that.
I've just left the cinema.
I've just let slip that he is sick.
I've just locked the door.
I've just lost my new black wallet.
I've just lost on the gee-gees, so I'm brassic.
I've just lost on the horses, so I'm skint.
I've just lost the best friend I ever had.
I've just made a decision.
I've just made a pot of coffee. Would you like a cup?
I've just made coffee. Do you want a cup?
I've just made coffee. Would you like some?
I've just made myself a hard-boiled egg.
I've just made some coffee. Would you like a cup?
I've just made up my mind to do that.
I've just made up the term.
I've just made us some coffee.
I've just met Tom.
I've just met a new friend.
I've just met her in the street.
I've just met him!
I've just met your mum.
I've just moved here.
I've just moved in.
I've just moved into this house.
I've just moved to Australia.
I've just moved to Boston and I don't know anybody here yet.
I've just moved to Boston and I don't know anyone here yet.
I've just moved to Boston.
I've just moved.
I've just never seen you looking happier.
I've just noticed such a sentence already exists.
I've just now cooked, washed up and swept the kitchen.
I've just now finished doing my French homework.
I've just now finished doing that.
I've just now noticed all the third-party cookies running in the background.
I've just oiled the wheels.
I've just picked up a fault in the line.
I've just popped round to pick something up.
I've just published a new post on my blog.
I've just put new sheets on my bed.
I've just read a book.
I've just read an article on tips for reducing coronaviral stress.
I've just read this book.
I've just realised I've forgotten something.
I've just realised something.
I've just realised that I've forgotten something.
I've just realised that we've made a serious mistake.
I've just realised we've made a serious mistake.
I've just realized that we've made a serious mistake.
I've just received a message that the meeting has been cancelled.
I've just received a text from Tom.
I've just received some bad news.
I've just received some delightful news.
I've just received some good news.
I've just received some great news.
I've just received some news which has broken my heart.
I've just received your letter.
I've just received your message.
I've just remembered something.
I've just renewed my passport, so it's good for another ten years.
I've just resigned.
I've just returned from Australia.
I've just returned from Boston.
I've just returned from a long trip.
I've just returned from a trip.
I've just returned from the UK.
I've just returned from the post office.
I've just returned.
I've just ridden sixty kilometres.
I've just seen Marie at the park.
I've just seen Tom kissing Mary.
I've just seen Tom.
I've just seen a fox run across the road.
I've just seen a fox running across the road.
I've just seen a huge owl.
I've just seen a shooting star.
I've just seen her.
I've just seen him.
I've just seen it on the news.
I've just seen that Esperanto has overtaken German, and now has the fourth place. Very good!
I've just seen that Jethro Tull are coming to play in Poland. They were the first band I ever saw live, way back in 1967, just after they formed.
I've just seen that movie.
I've just seen the book you bought.
I've just seen the first deer since the snow.
I've just seen the movie you recommended me.
I've just seen the results.
I've just seen them.
I've just seen your post.
I've just sent an invitation for you.
I've just sent you an email.
I've just showered.
I've just shut down my computer.
I've just signed the divorce papers; I'm free at last!
I've just sold my car.
I've just sold that.
I've just spent the last three hours talking with Tom.
I've just spent three hours studying French.
I've just spewed.
I've just spilt my coffee.
I've just spoken to Tom about that.
I've just spoken to Tom.
I've just spoken to her.
I've just spoken to him.
I've just spoken to them about it.
I've just spoken to your French teacher and he says you're doing well in his class.
I've just spoken to your doctor.
I've just spoken to your teacher.
I've just started doing that again.
I've just started doing that.
I've just started doing this.
I've just started eating meat again.
I've just started learning French.
I've just started learning how to do that.
I've just started learning how to play the tuba.
I've just started playing tennis.
I've just started reading this book.
I've just started studying French.
I've just started teaching French.
I've just started to learn French, so I'm not very good at it yet.
I've just started to learn French.
I've just started to read this book.
I've just started to study French.
I've just stubbed my toe.
I've just taken the cake out of the oven.
I've just talked to Tom about that matter.
I've just talked to Tom.
I've just thought of something.
I've just thrown up.
I've just told Tom the truth.
I've just told Tom.
I've just told you everything I know about that.
I've just travelled sixty kilometres.
I've just tried those passion-fruit gums.
I've just turned 20.
I've just turned 30.
I've just turned thirty.
I've just turned twenty.
I've just unlocked the door.
I've just visited Australia.
I've just visited Boston.
I've just vomited.
I've just walked home.
I've just washed the car.
I've just washed the dishes.
I've just washed up, and now I've got to take the rubbish out.
I've just wasted three hours trying to repair this thing.
I've just wasted three years of my life.
I've just watched a video on how to bake a sumptuous blueberry pie.
I've just waxed the floor.
I've just wiped the coffee spill off the kitchen counter.
I've just wiped the spilt coffee off the kitchen worktop.
I've just witnessed a miracle from God.
I've just woken up.
I've just won 2 million in Poker!
I've just worked 13 hours straight.
I've just worked it out.
I've just worked out what the problem is.
I've just worked out who you are.
I've just written a letter that I'd like to send. Now, all I need is an envelope and a stamp.
I've just written a letter to Tom.
I've just written an SMS to Tom.
I've kept a blog before. I didn't really have a set theme; I just blogged about whatever happened that day.
I've kept a diary for three years.
I've kept a diary in French for the past three years.
I've kept a secret from you.
I've kept it.
I've kept my promise.
I've kept my promises.
I've kept my weight down even though many of my friends have gained weight as they've grown older.
I've kept my word.
I've kept the best for last.
I've kept you as a gentleman.
I've kept you waiting for a long time. Please forgive me.
I've killed my sister.
I've kind of been considering doing that.
I've kind of got used to the weather.
I've kind of gotten used to living in a tent.
I've kind of gotten used to the conditions.
I've kind of gotten used to the weather.
I've kissed Tom more than once.
I've kissed Tom.
I've knitted a jumper for him.
I've knitted him a jumper.
I've know him forever.
I've known Jeff for 15 years. Terrific guy. He's a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about it â€” Jeffrey enjoys his social life.
I've known Jim ever since we were children.
I've known Jim since I was a child.
I've known Jim since my childhood.
I've known Jim since we were children.
I've known John since 1976.
I've known Mark since the start of this month.
I've known Mary since she was a kid.
I've known Mary since she was a little girl.
I've known Mary since she was born.
I've known Mr Smith for many years.
I've known Mr. Smith for many years.
I've known Taro for 10 years.
I've known Tom a long time.
I've known Tom a lot longer than you have.
I've known Tom a real long time.
I've known Tom all his life.
I've known Tom all my life, but now and again, he still surprises me.
I've known Tom all my life.
I've known Tom and Mary since they were born.
I've known Tom and Mary since they were both kids.
I've known Tom and Mary since they were kids.
I've known Tom ever since I was a kid.
I've known Tom ever since he was a child.
I've known Tom for 13 years.
I've known Tom for a few years.
I've known Tom for a long time.
I've known Tom for a long time. And I don't trust him.
I've known Tom for about three years.
I've known Tom for almost ten years.
I've known Tom for many years.
I've known Tom for more than thirty years.
I've known Tom for more than three years.
I've known Tom for over three years.
I've known Tom for quite some time.
I've known Tom for three years.
I've known Tom for years.
I've known Tom forever and I've hated him forever.
I've known Tom forever.
I've known Tom his whole life.
I've known Tom longer than I've known you.
I've known Tom longer than you have.
I've known Tom longer than you've been alive.
I've known Tom longer than you.
I've known Tom my entire life.
I've known Tom my whole life.
I've known Tom since 2013.
I've known Tom since I was a child.
I've known Tom since I was a kid.
I've known Tom since I was little.
I've known Tom since I was thirteen.
I've known Tom since I was three years old.
I've known Tom since college.
I've known Tom since elementary school.
I've known Tom since he was a baby.
I've known Tom since he was a child.
I've known Tom since he was a kid.
I've known Tom since he was a little boy.
I've known Tom since he was born.
I've known Tom since he was this high.
I've known Tom since he was three years old.
I've known Tom since high school.
I've known Tom since my childhood.
I've known Tom since third grade.
I've known Tom since three summers ago.
I've known Tom since we went to school together.
I've known Tom since we were both kids.
I've known Tom since we were children.
I've known Tom since we were kids.
I've known about this for ages.
I've known about this for years.
I've known all along that that wasn't going to happen.
I've known her a long time.
I've known her all my life.
I've known her for 13 years.
I've known her for a long time.
I've known her for more than twenty years.
I've known her for one year.
I've known her for over twenty years.
I've known her for quite some time.
I've known her for two years.
I've known her for years.
I've known her forever.
I've known her longer than you have.
I've known her longer than you.
I've known her my whole life.
I've known her since I was a child.
I've known her since I was a kid.
I've known her since I was a little girl.
I've known her since I was little.
I've known her since college.
I've known her since she was a small child.
I've known him a long time.
I've known him all my life.
I've known him ever since he was a child.
I've known him for 13 years.
I've known him for 30 years.
I've known him for a couple of years.
I've known him for a long time.
I've known him for a short time.
I've known him for more than ten years.
I've known him for one year.
I've known him for over twenty years.
I've known him for ten years.
I've known him for three years.
I've known him for years.
I've known him longer than you have.
I've known him longer than you.
I've known him my whole life and he's never betrayed my trust.
I've known him my whole life.
I've known him since I was a child.
I've known him since I was a kid.
I've known him since I was little.
I've known him since childhood.
I've known him since college.
I've known how to do that for a long time.
I've known how to do that since I was a child.
I've known how to do that since I was a kid.
I've known it all along.
I've known so many adults who are afraid to love.
I've known that a long time.
I've known that all along.
I've known that for a long time.
I've known that for a while.
I've known the deceased for a long time.
I've known them a long time.
I've known them all my life.
I've known them for 13 years.
I've known them for many years.
I've known them for two years.
I've known them for years.
I've known them longer than you have.
I've known them longer than you.
I've known them my whole life.
I've known them since I was a child.
I've known them since I was a kid.
I've known them since college.
I've known this for a long time.
I've known you a long time.
I've known you for a long time.
I've known you for years.
I've known your father since before you were born.
I've ladled out the soup, but it's still hot.
I've laughed enough.
I've learned Berber.
I've learned a good deal from you.
I've learned a great deal about Tom.
I've learned a great deal about you.
I've learned a lesson.
I've learned a little French.
I've learned a lot about Australia from Tom.
I've learned a lot about Boston.
I've learned a lot about Tom.
I've learned a lot about astronomy from Tom.
I've learned a lot about her.
I've learned a lot about him.
I've learned a lot about modern authors.
I've learned a lot about myself.
I've learned a lot about them.
I've learned a lot about you.
I've learned a lot already.
I've learned a lot by watching Tom.
I've learned a lot from Tom.
I've learned a lot from her over the years.
I've learned a lot from her.
I've learned a lot from my mistakes.
I've learned a lot from this conversation.
I've learned a lot from you during my life.
I've learned a lot from you over the past year.
I've learned a lot from you.
I've learned a lot hanging out with Tom.
I've learned a lot in the last three years.
I've learned a lot in the past three weeks.
I've learned a lot of French by watching French movies.
I've learned a lot of French by watching movies in French.
I've learned a lot of techniques from Tom.
I've learned a lot of things from Tom.
I've learned a lot of things from you.
I've learned a lot of things.
I've learned a lot since then.
I've learned a lot, too.
I've learned a lot.
I've learned by experience that this is the best way.
I've learned from my mistake.
I've learned from my mistakes.
I've learned from the best.
I've learned how to cope with that.
I've learned how to do that.
I've learned how to relax.
I've learned many lessons.
I've learned many recipes from today's TV program.
I've learned many things about Greek culture.
I've learned many things from Tom.
I've learned my lesson.
I've learned never to borrow money from friends.
I've learned not to put much stock in what he says.
I've learned nothing from the teacher.
I've learned so much about Tom.
I've learned so much from Tom.
I've learned so much from my mistakes, I'm thinking of making a few more!!
I've learned so much from you.
I've learned so much here.
I've learned so much.
I've learned some interesting things from this book.
I've learned something about myself.
I've learned something from this book.
I've learned that that's OK.
I've learned that the hard way.
I've learned that you cannot make someone love you. All you can do is be someone who can be loved. The rest is up to them. I learned that no matter how much I care, some people just don't care back. And it's not the end of the world. I've learned that it takes years to build up trust and only seconds to destroy it. That it's not what you have in your life but who you have in your life that counts.
I've learned that's OK.
I've learned the trade under his tutelage.
I've learned to accept that.
I've learned to adjust.
I've learned to communicate with my cat more efficiently.
I've learned to cook.
I've learned to do that.
I've learned to expect the unexpected.
I've learned to expect the worst from you.
I've learned to ignore the pain.
I've learned to listen carefully.
I've learned to live with the pain in my back.
I've learned to live without you.
I've learned to love my body.
I've learned to speak Berber.
I've learned to speak French a little better.
I've learned to think like Tom thinks.
I've learned to trust Tom.
I've learned to trust them.
I've learnt a lot from her.
I've learnt a lot from these books.
I've learnt a new word.
I've learnt many things about Greek culture.
I've learnt not to take revenge because it's useless.
I've learnt nothing from the teacher.
I've learnt nothing new from the course.
I've learnt something from this book.
I've learnt the poem by heart.
I've learnt to cook.
I've learnt to live without you.
I've left Boston already.
I've left Tom three messages.
I've left clues.
I've left for London.
I've left for the village.
I've left her three messages.
I've left him three messages.
I've left home.
I've left my brolly on a bus.
I've left my charger at home.
I've left my credit card at home.
I've left my dressing gown in the cubicle.
I've left my glasses at home.
I've left my handbag in the taxi.
I've left my homework at home.
I've left my husband.
I've left my jacket on the plane.
I've left my keys on the table. Could you grab them for me, please?
I've left my mobile at home.
I've left my mobile behind.
I've left my mobile phone at home.
I've left my new pair of gloves in the library.
I've left my pencil case at home.
I've left my purse behind.
I've left my specs at home.
I've left my swimming things at home.
I've left my toilet bag in the hotel room.
I've left my umbrella in the phone booth.
I've left my umbrella on the train.
I've left my wallet at home.
I've left my watch at home.
I've left my wife.
I've left out the nuts in this recipe because Delia's allergic to them.
I've left something in my car.
I've left that line of business.
I've left the door open.
I've left the gate unlocked for you.
I've left the guidebook at the hotel.
I've left the key in the flat.
I've left the umbrella on the bus.
I've left the umbrella on the train.
I've left the village already.
I've left the village.
I've left the window open.
I've left them three messages.
I've left you three messages this week.
I've left you three messages.
I've left your dinner in the oven.
I've left your tea in the oven.
I've left your umbrella on the bus.
I've lent this book to someone - probably Adil.
I've let Tom down.
I've let everybody down.
I've let her down.
I've let him down.
I've let my children do that many times.
I've let my kids do that many times.
I've let myself go.
I've let out happy tears when I learned of his hard-won victory against his opponents in the car race.
I've let them down.
I've let you down.
I've lied to Tom.
I've lied to you and Tom.
I've lied to you.
I've liked doing that since I was a child.
I've liked doing that since I was a kid.
I've liked everything I've seen.
I've lived a full life.
I've lived a good life.
I've lived a hard life.
I've lived a life governed by a deep sense of shame.
I've lived a long life.
I've lived a long time.
I've lived a thousand lives.
I've lived a very good life and have no regrets.
I've lived abroad for ten years.
I've lived away for a long time.
I've lived away from home for a long time.
I've lived here a long time.
I've lived here all my life.
I've lived here for 10 years.
I've lived here for 30 years.
I've lived here for a few years.
I've lived here for a long time.
I've lived here for about thirteen years.
I've lived here for about three years.
I've lived here for four years and he hasn't come to visit.
I've lived here for more than three years.
I've lived here for ten years.
I've lived here for thirty years.
I've lived here for three months.
I've lived here for three weeks.
I've lived here for three years.
I've lived here for years.
I've lived here longer than I've lived anywhere else.
I've lived here most of my life.
I've lived here my entire life.
I've lived here my whole life.
I've lived here since 1993.
I've lived here since 2013.
I've lived here since I got married.
I've lived here since I was a boy.
I've lived here since I was a child.
I've lived here since I was a kid.
I've lived here since I was a little kid.
I've lived here since childhood.
I've lived here since getting married.
I've lived here thirty years.
I've lived in Australia a while now.
I've lived in Australia all my life.
I've lived in Australia before.
I've lived in Australia for a few years.
I've lived in Australia for a long time.
I've lived in Australia for a while now.
I've lived in Australia for many years.
I've lived in Australia for the past three years.
I've lived in Australia for three months.
I've lived in Australia for three years.
I've lived in Australia most of my life.
I've lived in Australia since 2013.
I've lived in Australia since I was three years old.
I've lived in Australia since I was three.
I've lived in Australia three years.
I've lived in Australia.
I've lived in Bologna for about twenty years.
I've lived in Boston a little over three years.
I've lived in Boston a while now.
I've lived in Boston all my life.
I've lived in Boston before.
I've lived in Boston for a few years.
I've lived in Boston for a little over three years.
I've lived in Boston for a long time.
I've lived in Boston for about thirty years.
I've lived in Boston for many years.
I've lived in Boston for the past three years.
I've lived in Boston for three months.
I've lived in Boston for three years.
I've lived in Boston most of my life.
I've lived in Boston my whole life.
I've lived in Boston since 2013.
I've lived in Boston since I was three years old.
I've lived in Boston since last year.
I've lived in Boston three years.
I've lived in Boston.
I've lived in Brazil since I was born.
I've lived in Cambodia.
I've lived in China for six months.
I've lived in Hungary for more than twenty years.
I've lived in Kobe before.
I've lived in Paris since 1977.
I've lived in Realengo since 1993.
I've lived in here since 2013.
I've lived in this house for thirty years.
I've lived in this house for three years.
I've lived in this house for two years.
I've lived in this neighborhood for three years.
I've lived in this town all my life.
I've lived in this town my whole life.
I've lived in this town since 1960.
I've lived in this village for the past ten years.
I've lived long enough to know that race relations are better than they were 10, or 20, or 30 years ago, no matter what some folks say. You can see it not just in statistics, you see it in the attitudes of young Americans across the political spectrum.
I've lived most of my life in the plains where trees and hills are scarce.
I've lived three lives.
I've located Tom.
I've located her.
I've located him.
I've located it.
I've located them.
I've locked my keys in my car.
I've locked myself in my room.
I've locked myself in.
I've locked myself out of my car.
I've locked myself out of my house, so I'm going to break a window to get in.
I've locked myself out of my house.
I've locked myself out of my room.
I've locked myself out of the room.
I've locked myself out.
I've locked the door.
I've locked the front door.
I've long given up on politics.
I've long wished to do that.
I've looked all over but I can't find my keys anywhere.
I've looked all over for Mary, but I can't find her.
I've looked all over for Tom and Mary, but I can't find them.
I've looked all over for Tom, but I can't find him.
I've looked all over the island.
I've looked everywhere and I can't find my glasses.
I've looked everywhere and I can't find the answer.
I've looked everywhere and I haven't found them.
I've looked everywhere and I still can't find Tom.
I've looked everywhere but I can't find it.
I've looked everywhere, but I can't find my book.
I've looked everywhere, but I can't find my purse.
I've looked everywhere, but I can't find my wallet.
I've looked everywhere, but I haven't found anything.
I've looked everywhere, but I haven't found it yet.
I've looked everywhere, but I still haven't found it.
I've looked everywhere, but can't find it.
I've looked everywhere.
I've looked for Tom everywhere, but I haven't been able to find him.
I've looked for Tom everywhere, but I haven't found him.
I've looked for Tom everywhere.
I've looked for a weapon.
I've looked for it everywhere.
I've looked into it.
I've looked out the window.
I've looked through your report and made some notes on it.
I've looked throughout the house.
I've lost 15 seconds of my life.
I've lost 2 stone 2lbs.
I've lost Skura's number.
I've lost Tom's phone number.
I've lost Tom's trust.
I've lost a bit of weight.
I've lost a filling.
I've lost a glove.
I've lost a great friend.
I've lost a little weight.
I've lost a lot of money on the stock market.
I've lost a lot of sleep thinking about this problem.
I've lost a lot of weight since I started my diet.
I've lost a lot of weight since I've been on a diet.
I've lost a lot of weight.
I've lost a lot.
I've lost a sock.
I've lost a very close friend.
I've lost about 80 cents.
I've lost about three hundred dollars.
I've lost all gag reflex.
I've lost all my friends.
I've lost all my money.
I've lost all respect for you.
I've lost all the contacts from my address book.
I've lost confidence in Tom.
I've lost count again!
I've lost count again.
I've lost count of how many times you've helped me.
I've lost count.
I've lost even my cell phone!
I've lost everything.
I've lost faith in my doctor.
I've lost faith in that doctor.
I've lost faith in the doctor.
I've lost faith in you.
I've lost feeling in my legs.
I've lost five pounds or so.
I've lost her number.
I've lost his number.
I've lost hope.
I've lost interest in doing that.
I've lost interest in golf.
I've lost interest in it.
I've lost interest in studying, so I don't think there's any point in going to college.
I've lost interest in you.
I've lost interest.
I've lost it.
I've lost my French dictionary.
I've lost my French textbook.
I've lost my appetite.
I've lost my asthma inhaler.
I've lost my bag.
I've lost my ball-point pen and am now writing with a pencil.
I've lost my bank card.
I've lost my best friend.
I've lost my briefcase.
I've lost my bus ticket.
I've lost my car key.
I've lost my cinema ticket.
I've lost my credit card.
I've lost my crown.
I've lost my dignity.
I've lost my filling.
I've lost my flashlight.
I've lost my fountain pen. I have to buy another one tomorrow.
I've lost my fountain pen. I have to buy one tomorrow.
I've lost my friends.
I've lost my funding.
I've lost my glasses.
I've lost my glasses. Have you seen them?
I've lost my gloves.
I've lost my house.
I've lost my interest in living.
I've lost my job.
I've lost my key.
I've lost my keys again.
I've lost my keys and my virginity.
I've lost my keys somewhere around here.
I've lost my keys.
I've lost my lunch money.
I've lost my mailbox key.
I've lost my memory.
I've lost my mobile phone.
I've lost my mobile.
I've lost my motivation.
I've lost my new fountain pen.
I've lost my notebook.
I've lost my passport!
I've lost my passport.
I've lost my patience with Tom.
I've lost my patience with you.
I've lost my pen.
I've lost my pen. Will you help me look for it?
I've lost my pencil.
I've lost my phone again.
I've lost my phone charger.
I've lost my pin number!
I've lost my pride.
I've lost my purse again.
I've lost my religious faith.
I've lost my right glove somewhere.
I've lost my sense of smell and taste.
I've lost my sense of smell.
I've lost my sense of taste.
I've lost my spot.
I've lost my strength.
I've lost my ticket.
I've lost my ticket. What should I do?
I've lost my traveller's cheques.
I've lost my umbrella.
I've lost my umbrella. I have to buy a new one.
I've lost my umbrella. I must buy a new one.
I've lost my virginity.
I've lost my wallet somewhere round here.
I've lost my wallet.
I've lost my wallet. I'm pissed!
I've lost my watch and I can't find it.
I've lost my watch, so now I have to buy another one.
I've lost my watch.
I've lost my way in life.
I've lost my way.
I've lost nothing.
I've lost notion of time.
I've lost one of my earrings.
I've lost one of my folders.
I've lost one of my gloves.
I've lost or broken all my necklaces.
I've lost patience with Tom.
I've lost patience with you.
I've lost sleep over it.
I've lost so much.
I've lost some blood.
I've lost some weight.
I've lost something.
I've lost that ring.
I've lost the ability to write.
I've lost the car keys.
I've lost the charger for my mobile.
I've lost the desire to go out.
I've lost the feeling in my legs.
I've lost the key to my house.
I've lost the key to my room.
I've lost the motivation to keep going.
I've lost the receipt.
I've lost the room key and can't get in.
I've lost the spare key.
I've lost the will to live.
I've lost them.
I've lost thirty kilograms.
I've lost thirty pounds since I started my diet.
I've lost three friends to suicide.
I've lost three kilograms in the last three weeks.
I've lost three kilograms.
I've lost three kilos in the last three weeks.
I've lost three kilos.
I've lost three pounds in the last three weeks.
I've lost track in all the confusion.
I've lost track of Tom.
I've lost track of her.
I've lost track of him.
I've lost track of the days.
I've lost track of them.
I've lost track of who I am.
I've lost two friends to suicide. One of them talked about it, the other didn't, and they both ended up in the same place.
I've lost valuable time.
I've lost weight again.
I've lost weight recently.
I've lost weight.
I've lost your email address.
I've lost your lighter again.
I've lost your phone number.
I've lost.
I've loved French cakes since elementary school.
I've loved cartoons since I was little.
I've loved comic books since I was a kid.
I've loved her ever since I met her.
I've loved her since I saw her.
I've loved him too much, so as not to hate him.
I've loved you for a long time.
I've loved you for longer than you realize.
I've loved you from day one.
I've loved you from the moment I saw you.
I've loved you since I first met you.
I've loved you since the day I first saw you.
I've loved you since the day I saw you.
I've loved you since the first time I laid eyes on you.
I've loved you since the first time that I laid eyes on you.
I've loved you since the first time that we met.
I've loved you since the first time we met.
I've loved you since the moment we first met.
I've loved you since we were both kids.
I've loved you since we were teenagers.
I've lowered my expectations.
I've made Tom angry.
I've made Tom wait long enough.
I've made a bad mistake.
I've made a big mistake.
I've made a catastrophic error.
I've made a commitment.
I've made a complaint.
I've made a correction to the wrong sentence.
I've made a correction.
I've made a couple of friends here.
I've made a couple of improvements.
I've made a decision.
I've made a discovery.
I've made a few mistakes.
I've made a few too many mistakes in my lifetime.
I've made a first draft of my thesis.
I've made a great deal of money.
I've made a horrible mistake.
I've made a huge mistake.
I've made a list of foods that I can't eat.
I've made a list of people I need to talk to.
I've made a list of things I'd like to buy.
I've made a list of things for you to do while I'm gone.
I've made a list.
I've made a lot of changes.
I've made a lot of enemies.
I've made a lot of friends in Boston.
I've made a lot of friends since I entered college.
I've made a lot of mistakes in my life.
I've made a lot of mistakes.
I've made a lot of money doing this.
I've made a lot of new friends here.
I've made a lot of new friends since I started school here.
I've made a lot of new friends.
I've made a lot of sacrifices to get here.
I've made a lot of sacrifices.
I've made a lot of stupid decisions in my life.
I've made a lot of stupid mistakes in my life.
I've made a lot of stupid mistakes.
I've made a miscalculation.
I've made a mistake in my calculations.
I've made a mistake somewhere in my calculation.
I've made a mistake, haven't I?
I've made a mistake, though I didn't intend to.
I've made a mistake.
I've made a model aeroplane.
I've made a model airplane.
I've made a mushroom omelette.
I've made a note of the appointment.
I've made a note of the date.
I've made a picnic lunch for us.
I've made a reservation at a drinking place near Shinjuku Station. It's all you can drink for 2 hours for 2,500 yen.
I've made a reservation at an izakaya near Shinjuku Station. It's all you can drink for 2 hours for 2,500 yen.
I've made a right pig's ear of this.
I've made a shocking discovery.
I've made a splendid breakfast.
I've made a stupid mistake.
I've made a tentative deal with Tom.
I've made a terrible mistake.
I've made a very bad mistake.
I've made a very interesting discovery.
I've made allowances for that.
I've made an appointment to see the doctor on Monday at 2:30.
I've made an appointment.
I've made an interesting discovery.
I've made another mistake.
I've made arrangements already.
I've made dinner for everyone.
I've made dinner.
I've made far too many mistakes.
I've made good progress.
I've made great progress.
I've made great strides in my understanding of spoken English.
I've made her wait long enough.
I've made him wait long enough.
I've made it worse.
I've made loads of sentences so that we can all get to the point of craning our necks in and being amused.
I've made lots of changes.
I've made lots of friends in Boston.
I've made lots of friends.
I've made lunch reservations.
I've made many bad decisions in my life.
I've made many changes.
I've made many friends in Boston.
I've made many improvements.
I've made many mistakes in my life.
I've made many mistakes in my lifetime.
I've made many mistakes.
I've made many new friends here.
I've made many sacrifices for my country.
I've made mistakes like everybody else.
I've made mistakes like everyone else.
I've made mistakes.
I've made more than one stupid mistake in my life.
I've made my choice.
I've made my decision.
I've made my fair share of mistakes.
I've made my mistakes.
I've made my position clear.
I've made my selection.
I've made myself comfortable on the sofa.
I've made no commitment.
I've made peace with my maker. I'm ready to die.
I've made plans for the weekend.
I've made plans to do that.
I've made progress.
I've made several improvements.
I've made several mistakes in my life.
I've made several mistakes.
I've made similar mistakes myself.
I've made so many mistakes.
I've made some bad decisions.
I've made some big mistakes.
I've made some changes in my schedule.
I've made some changes to my resume.
I've made some changes to my schedule.
I've made some changes to the recipe.
I've made some changes.
I've made some coffee for us.
I've made some coffee.
I've made some coffee. Do you want a cup?
I've made some decisions.
I've made some mistakes that I should have been able to avoid.
I've made some mistakes that I should've been able to avoid.
I've made some mistakes that I shouldn't have.
I've made some mistakes.
I've made some poor choices.
I've made some progress.
I've made some terrible decisions in my life.
I've made some terrible decisions.
I've made some very big mistakes.
I've made stew.
I've made such a mess.
I've made sure that Tom won't do that.
I've made tea.
I've made that clear.
I've made that dish a hundred times and no one's ever complained before.
I've made that quite clear.
I've made that same mistake myself.
I've made that same mistake several times.
I've made that same mistake.
I've made the change I was advised to make.
I've made the same mistake myself.
I've made the same mistakes as I made last time.
I've made the team.
I've made them wait long enough.
I've made things worse.
I've made this mistake before.
I've made this trip a thousand times.
I've made too many bad decisions.
I've made too many mistakes.
I've made up my mind never to do that again.
I've made up my mind not to come.
I've made up my mind not to do that.
I've made up my mind to ask Mary to marry me.
I've made up my mind to ask Tom to forgive me.
I've made up my mind to become a journalist.
I've made up my mind to become a teacher.
I've made up my mind to come up with a better solution.
I've made up my mind to do that.
I've made up my mind to give back all the money I stole.
I've made up my mind to go to Australia.
I've made up my mind to go to Boston.
I've made up my mind to go.
I've made up my mind to learn how to play the harp.
I've made up my mind to leave Australia.
I've made up my mind to leave Boston.
I've made up my mind to leave.
I've made up my mind to quit.
I've made up my mind to resign.
I've made up my mind to stay.
I've made up my mind to study as hard as I can.
I've made up my mind to study harder from now on.
I've made up my mind to work for a company in the States.
I've made up my mind to work harder.
I've made up my mind what I'm going to do; and no ifs, ands, or buts about it.
I've made up my mind.
I've made us some coffee.
I've made way too many mistakes.
I've made you a copy.
I've made you a cup of coffee.
I've made you a sack lunch.
I've made you good coffee and good pie.
I've managed my nosebleed in just two days.
I've managed to finish the first three chapters so far.
I've managed to get some peace of mind.
I've managed to keep busy.
I've managed to persuade Tom to come.
I've managed to persuade Tom to donate some money.
I've managed to save a little money.
I've managed to squirrel away a small amount of money for emergencies.
I've managed to stop the bleeding.
I've managed to talk him into buying a new bed.
I've married and I realize that my childhood ends now.
I've married the wrong person.
I've mastered this subject.
I've matured.
I've measured the sofa. I don't think it'll fit in the room.
I've memorised the poem.
I've memorized the model number of the charger.
I've mended the radio for him.
I've mentioned it to you before.
I've messed up again.
I've messed up once again.
I've messed up.
I've met Tom a few times.
I've met Tom a number of times.
I've met Tom already.
I've met Tom before.
I've met Tom many times.
I've met Tom on several occasions.
I've met Tom quite a few times.
I've met Tom several times.
I've met Tom's family and they seem to like me.
I've met Tom's friends.
I've met Tom's parents.
I've met Tom's sister, but I haven't met his brothers.
I've met Tom.
I've met a lot of bad guys in my life.
I've met a lot of bad guys.
I've met a lot of interesting people.
I've met a lot of people who can do that.
I've met a lot of people who don't like Boston.
I've met a lot of people who don't like doing that.
I've met a lot of people who wish they were richer.
I've met her a few times.
I've met her before, but I can't place her.
I've met her family and they seem to like me.
I've met her.
I've met him a few times.
I've met him many times.
I've met him on several occasions.
I've met him once before.
I've met him only once so far.
I've met him several times.
I've met him.
I've met many people from Australia.
I've met one of Tom's brothers, but not the other three.
I've met people like that.
I've met so many new people.
I've met some interesting people here.
I've met some wonderful people.
I've met someone new.
I've met someone.
I've met that girl before.
I've met that man before, but I can't remember his name.
I've met the most wonderful girl in the world.
I've met the perfect woman.
I've met them a few times.
I've met them.
I've met two foreigners, one of whom is from Canada and the other from England.
I've met up with Mary for dinner.
I've met you before, but I can't remember where.
I've met you before, haven't I?
I've met you before.
I've met your kind before.
I've milked the cows.
I've mine right here in my hand.
I've misjudged Tom.
I've misjudged her.
I've misjudged him.
I've misjudged them.
I've misjudged you.
I've mislaid my glasses.
I've mislaid my keys.
I've mislaid my mobile again.
I've mislaid my phone again.
I've mislaid my watch.
I've misplaced my French dictionary.
I've misplaced my glasses, but I need them in order to look for them.
I've misplaced my keys.
I've misplaced my wallet.
I've missed Australia.
I've missed Boston.
I've missed Kabylie terribly.
I've missed Kabylie.
I've missed Tom a lot.
I've missed Tom so much.
I've missed Tom.
I've missed another chance.
I've missed her.
I've missed him.
I've missed it.
I've missed my aim.
I've missed my train.
I've missed out on so much.
I've missed so many opportunities.
I've missed so much.
I've missed something.
I've missed that.
I've missed the 7 o'clock train.
I've missed them.
I've missed this.
I've missed travelling so much.
I've missed you a lot.
I've missed you all so much.
I've missed you an awful lot.
I've missed you and Tom.
I've missed you guys.
I've missed you so much, Mary.
I've missed you so much, Tom.
I've missed you so much, honey.
I've missed you so much.
I've missed you terribly.
I've missed you too, Tom.
I've missed you very much.
I've missed you, Tom.
I've missed you, too.
I've missed you.
I've mistakenly deleted the party information and registration you sent to me.
I've modified my translation accordingly.
I've moved a lot.
I've moved back to Australia.
I've moved back to Boston for good.
I've moved back to Boston.
I've moved into a new flat.
I've moved out already. Now I live alone.
I've moved out of my parent's house.
I've moved out.
I've moved to Australia.
I've moved to Boston.
I've moved to a new flat.
I've moved to the village.
I've narrowed it down to three different possibilities.
I've narrowed it down to three options.
I've narrowed the choices down to three.
I've narrowed the choices to four.
I've narrowed the choices to three.
I've narrowed the list of possibilities down to three.
I've neither eaten nor drunk since yesterday.
I've neither seen nor heard of such a thing.
I've never accepted a gift.
I've never actually been alone.
I've never actually been here before.
I've never actually been in love.
I've never actually been there, but I know where you're talking about.
I've never actually been to Australia.
I've never actually been to Boston.
I've never actually done that.
I've never actually ever met Tom.
I've never actually gone on a date with Tom.
I've never actually met Tom.
I've never actually met her.
I've never actually met him.
I've never actually met them.
I've never actually read War and Peace.
I've never actually seen a giraffe.
I've never actually seen a real cow.
I've never actually seen it.
I've never actually seen one of these before.
I've never actually talked to Tom.
I've never actually tortured anybody.
I've never actually tried this before.
I've never actually used this.
I've never agreed to those rules.
I've never answered my door with an egg in hand.
I've never apologized in my life. Sorry, but that's just how I am.
I've never asked Tom about it.
I've never asked Tom about that.
I've never asked Tom to do anything for me.
I've never asked Tom to do anything.
I've never asked Tom to do that.
I've never asked Tom to work late on a Monday.
I've never asked Tom to work on a Sunday.
I've never asked anybody for a favor.
I've never asked anyone for a favor.
I've never asked anyone for help.
I've never asked anyone for money.
I've never asked for your opinion, you just put it forth all by yourself so willingly, you've just put it out there so forcefully.
I've never asked you for a favor.
I've never asked you for anything.
I've never asked you this before, but are you religious?
I've never aspired to leadership roles.
I've never associated you with this place.
I've never attacked anyone.
I've never attempted to do that.
I've never beat Tom.
I've never beaten Tom at chess.
I've never beaten Tom.
I've never been a betting man.
I've never been a big fan of winter.
I've never been a follower of Christianity.
I've never been a gambler.
I've never been a good public speaker.
I've never been a good swimmer.
I've never been a junkie.
I've never been a religious man.
I've never been a reporter.
I've never been a smoker.
I've never been a soldier.
I've never been a superstitious person.
I've never been a teacher.
I've never been able to beat Tom at chess.
I've never been able to beat Tom at table tennis.
I've never been able to beat Tom.
I've never been able to do it this quickly before.
I've never been able to do that.
I've never been able to handle responsibility.
I've never been able to live that down.
I've never been able to master hammer-ons or pull-offs.
I've never been able to roll my Rs...
I've never been able to snap my fingers.
I've never been able to talk to Tom.
I've never been able to wrap my brain around the electron configuration for chromium.
I've never been aboard.
I've never been abroad before.
I've never been abroad, but I'm now planning a trip around the world.
I've never been abroad, so everything seems foreign to me.
I've never been abroad.
I've never been absent from school.
I've never been addicted to anything.
I've never been afraid of anything.
I've never been afraid to do that.
I've never been allergic to a wasp or bee sting.
I've never been allowed to do that.
I've never been an alcoholic.
I've never been an intellectual but I have this look.
I've never been angry.
I've never been anything but honest with you.
I've never been arrested for anything.
I've never been arrested.
I've never been as busy as I am right now.
I've never been as convinced of my romantic feelings that I feel towards you than I do right now.
I've never been asked for anything like this.
I've never been asked that question before.
I've never been asked to do anything like this before.
I've never been at such a tear-jerking funeral like this before.
I've never been audited.
I've never been away from home before.
I've never been back to Australia.
I've never been back to Boston.
I've never been beat.
I've never been better.
I've never been beyond Okayama.
I've never been bitten by a dog.
I've never been burnt.
I've never been busier.
I've never been called stupid before.
I've never been camping.
I've never been canoeing.
I've never been criticized for doing that.
I've never been cruel to anyone.
I've never been defeated.
I've never been disloyal to you.
I've never been disloyal.
I've never been downtown by myself.
I've never been drunk in my life.
I've never been drunk.
I've never been dumped before.
I've never been faced with such a scenario.
I've never been fat.
I've never been fired.
I've never been fishing before.
I've never been fishing in Texas.
I've never been fishing with Tom.
I've never been fishing with you, have I?
I've never been fishing.
I've never been given anything.
I've never been good at French.
I've never been good at riddles.
I've never been good at singing.
I've never been good at studying.
I've never been good at this.
I've never been good with figures.
I've never been happier in my life.
I've never been happier.
I've never been happy in my life.
I've never been here before.
I've never been homeless before.
I've never been hungrier in all my life!
I've never been hunting.
I've never been in Tom's car.
I've never been in Tom's house.
I've never been in a canoe.
I've never been in a coma.
I've never been in a fight.
I've never been in a forest.
I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before.
I've never been in a serious relationship.
I've never been in a submarine.
I've never been in any trouble.
I've never been in jail.
I've never been in love before.
I've never been in love.
I've never been in prison.
I've never been in that position myself, but that sounds hard to deal with.
I've never been in this part of Australia before.
I've never been in this part of Boston before.
I've never been in trouble with the law.
I've never been in trouble.
I've never been incarcerated.
I've never been injured playing rugby.
I've never been inside a jail.
I've never been inside this classroom.
I've never been interested in certain things, but now it's more than a pleasure, it's almost a duty, to know at least a little about them.
I've never been interested in money.
I've never been interested in westerns.
I've never been kidnapped.
I've never been kissed before.
I've never been kissed by Tom.
I've never been kissed like that before.
I've never been kissed.
I've never been late before.
I've never been late for school.
I've never been late in my life.
I've never been late.
I've never been lost.
I've never been lucky in life.
I've never been married.
I've never been mean to Tom.
I've never been more appreciative of life since I had my car accident.
I've never been more bored.
I've never been more certain of anything in my life.
I've never been more proud of you.
I've never been more proud.
I've never been more relieved about anything.
I've never been more scared in all my life.
I've never been more serious in my life.
I've never been offworld before.
I've never been on TV.
I've never been on a blind date.
I've never been on a boat.
I've never been on a bus.
I've never been on a double-decker bus.
I've never been on a horse before.
I've never been on a jury before.
I've never been on a plane before.
I've never been on a plane.
I've never been on a ship before.
I've never been on a ship.
I've never been on a train before.
I've never been on a train.
I've never been on an airplane before.
I've never been on an overnight hike before.
I've never been on my own before.
I've never been one for speeches, so I'll keep this short.
I've never been one to complain.
I've never been out with a Canadian girl.
I've never been outgoing.
I've never been outside Europe.
I've never been outside of Europe.
I've never been overseas.
I've never been overweight.
I've never been particularly deep.
I've never been photographed.
I've never been punished.
I've never been religious, but hearing the Lord's Prayer in Latin makes me shudder.
I've never been robbed before.
I've never been robbed.
I've never been sailing.
I've never been seasick in all my life.
I've never been sedated before.
I've never been shot at.
I've never been shy.
I've never been sick a day in my life.
I've never been sick since I was a child.
I've never been sick.
I've never been skiing before.
I've never been skiing.
I've never been so afraid.
I've never been so angry.
I've never been so ashamed.
I've never been so bored.
I've never been so confident in my goals before.
I've never been so content.
I've never been so embarrassed in all my life.
I've never been so embarrassed in my life.
I've never been so embarrassed.
I've never been so frightened in my whole life.
I've never been so glad about the spring's coming.
I've never been so happy in my entire life.
I've never been so happy in my life.
I've never been so happy to see potatoes in my life.
I've never been so happy.
I've never been so humiliated in my entire life.
I've never been so humiliated in my life.
I've never been so humiliated.
I've never been so hungry.
I've never been so insulted in my life.
I've never been so insulted.
I've never been so lonely.
I've never been so moved.
I've never been so nervous.
I've never been so proud of Tom.
I've never been so proud of you.
I've never been so proud.
I've never been so scared.
I've never been so sure of anything in my life.
I've never been so thrilled.
I've never been so tired.
I've never been so uncomfortable in my entire life.
I've never been so unhappy.
I've never been spoken to by a foreigner before.
I've never been spoken to like that.
I've never been stuck for so long in my life.
I've never been sued before.
I've never been sued.
I've never been surfing.
I've never been tempted.
I've never been that nervous in my entire life.
I've never been the kind of person who complains about things like that.
I've never been there before.
I've never been there myself.
I've never been there, but I think it's past that traffic light.
I've never been there.
I've never been thin.
I've never been this busy before.
I've never been this drunk before.
I've never been this happy before.
I've never been this happy.
I've never been this scared before.
I've never been this sick before.
I've never been this sick, ever.
I've never been to Africa.
I've never been to Algeria.
I've never been to America.
I've never been to Argentina.
I've never been to Arizona. Actually, I don't know where it is at all.
I've never been to Australia and I never intend to go there.
I've never been to Australia before.
I've never been to Australia in the winter.
I've never been to Australia, and Tom hasn't either.
I've never been to Australia, but I definitely hope I can visit Australia someday.
I've never been to Australia, but I plan to go there this summer.
I've never been to Australia, but my father's been there three times.
I've never been to Australia.
I've never been to Australia. However, I have been in New Zealand.
I've never been to Australia. However, I have been to New Zealand.
I've never been to Australiaâ€”"Oz." But I've studied Aboriginal languages in research documents. I cherish my books on Australian Aboriginal languages.
I've never been to Bonn.
I've never been to Boston before.
I've never been to Boston in the winter.
I've never been to Boston, and I don't intend to ever go there.
I've never been to Boston, and Tom hasn't either.
I've never been to Boston, and Tom hasn't, either.
I've never been to Boston, but I definitely hope I can visit Boston someday.
I've never been to Boston, but I plan to go there this summer.
I've never been to Boston.
I've never been to Boston. However, I have been in Chicago.
I've never been to California.
I've never been to Canberra, Melbourne, and Sydney.
I've never been to Europe.
I've never been to Hokkaido.
I've never been to Hungary.
I've never been to Istanbul.
I've never been to Japan.
I've never been to Lanzarote.
I've never been to Mexico.
I've never been to Micronesia.
I've never been to New York, and my sister hasn't, either.
I've never been to New Zealand.
I've never been to Oslo.
I've never been to Paris.
I've never been to Sapporo.
I've never been to Scotland.
I've never been to Southern Australia.
I've never been to Spain.
I've never been to Spain. However, I have been in Italy.
I've never been to Tom's house.
I've never been to Tom's.
I've never been to a French-speaking country.
I've never been to a Thai restaurant.
I've never been to a beach.
I've never been to a casino in my life, and there's one right by my house.
I've never been to a circus.
I've never been to a funeral like that one.
I've never been to a funeral.
I've never been to a mosque.
I've never been to a museum.
I've never been to a nudist beach; I would be embarrassed to show my nudity to strangers.
I've never been to a party.
I've never been to a picnic.
I've never been to a professional baseball game.
I've never been to a zoo.
I've never been to an election before.
I've never been to her house.
I've never been to my grandfather's house.
I've never been to my uncle's house.
I've never been to such a nice party.
I've never been to that place.
I've never been to that restaurant.
I've never been to that side of the galaxy.
I've never been to that town.
I've never been to the Gulf of Mexico.
I've never been to the west coast of the United States.
I've never been to the zoo.
I've never been to their house.
I've never been to this beach.
I've never been to your house, but I know where it is.
I've never been to your house.
I've never been under so much pressure before.
I've never been under this much pressure before.
I've never been very good at French.
I've never been very good at playing the piano.
I've never been very good at swimming.
I've never been very good at tennis.
I've never been very serious about learning French.
I've never been violent toward anyone.
I've never been wrong.
I've never believed Alberto's ridiculous story the slightest bit.
I've never believed Tom.
I've never believed in destiny.
I've never believed that conflict is good.
I've never believed that war is good.
I've never believed that.
I've never blamed Tom for anything.
I've never borrowed money from Tom.
I've never borrowed money from you.
I've never borrowed money.
I've never bought a lottery ticket in my life.
I've never bought a lottery ticket.
I've never bought a new car.
I've never bought clothes online.
I've never bought jewellery.
I've never bought jewelry.
I've never bought one of these before.
I've never bought shampoo.
I've never broken a bone.
I've never broken the law.
I've never bunked off school.
I've never cared about such things.
I've never cared for Mexican food.
I've never cared for Tom.
I've never caused trouble.
I've never cheated anybody.
I've never cheated in a test.
I've never cheated on a test.
I've never cheated on her.
I've never claimed that.
I've never climbed Mt. Fuji.
I've never climbed this mountain.
I've never coached before.
I've never come across his work.
I've never come across such a strange case.
I've never committed a crime.
I've never confessed.
I've never considered doing that.
I've never considered having sex with a friend.
I've never considered it.
I've never considered myself to be religious.
I've never considered that.
I've never cooked anything with eggplant in it.
I've never cooked for more than five people before.
I've never cooked professionally.
I've never criticized Tom.
I've never cut their hair.
I've never danced before.
I've never danced with Tom.
I've never dated Mary.
I've never dated Tom.
I've never dated a Canadian girl.
I've never dated anyone like Mary.
I've never dated anyone taller than me.
I've never dated anyone.
I've never dated before.
I've never dated her!
I've never dated her. It's just friendship.
I've never dated her. She's just a friend.
I've never dealt with such pain.
I've never delivered a baby.
I've never demanded anything.
I've never denied it.
I've never denied that I have feelings for you.
I've never discussed this before with anybody.
I've never discussed this before with anyone.
I've never dissected a frog before.
I've never done anything bad to anyone.
I've never done anything illegal in my life.
I've never done anything important.
I've never done anything impulsive.
I've never done anything like that before.
I've never done anything like that.
I've never done anything like this before.
I've never done anything to you.
I've never done anything wrong in my life.
I've never done anything wrong to you.
I've never done business with Tom.
I've never done drugs.
I've never done harm to anyone.
I've never done heroin, but my childhood friend just died of an overdose.
I've never done it before.
I've never done it like that before.
I've never done it that way.
I've never done it this way before.
I've never done that before.
I've never done that by myself.
I've never done that here.
I've never done that in a car.
I've never done that with Tom.
I've never done that with you.
I've never done that, but I'd like to.
I've never done that, not even once.
I've never done that, you know.
I've never done that.
I've never done the kind of thing people would talk about behind my back.
I've never done this before, and I have no intention of doing it.
I've never done this before, so I was hoping that you'd be able to help me with it.
I've never done this before.
I've never done this before. Could you please help me?
I've never done this before. Could you please show me what to do?
I've never done this in my life.
I've never done this kind of thing before.
I've never done this with so many people.
I've never done this.
I've never doubted that.
I've never drank milk with tea.
I've never drawn anything in my life.
I've never driven a bus.
I've never driven a sports car before.
I've never driven a stick shift.
I've never driven a truck.
I've never driven through this part of town at night.
I've never drunk alcohol before.
I've never drunk an alcoholic drink in my life.
I've never drunk wine.
I've never dyed my hair before.
I've never dyed my hair.
I've never eaten Chinese food before.
I've never eaten Chinese food.
I've never eaten Japanese food.
I've never eaten Thai food.
I've never eaten a live octopus.
I've never eaten a mango before.
I've never eaten a pear.
I've never eaten alligator meat.
I've never eaten anything as delicious as this.
I've never eaten anything like this before.
I've never eaten as good as than in this restaurant.
I've never eaten at Chuck's Diner.
I've never eaten at this restaurant before.
I've never eaten caviar.
I've never eaten clam.
I've never eaten clams.
I've never eaten couscous.
I've never eaten crab.
I've never eaten frog legs.
I've never eaten here before.
I've never eaten horse meat.
I've never eaten horsemeat.
I've never eaten kangaroo meat.
I've never eaten lunch with Tom.
I've never eaten pork and I never will.
I've never eaten rabbit meat.
I've never eaten raw fish.
I've never eaten sea urchin. What does it taste like?
I've never eaten seaweed.
I've never eaten so much in my life.
I've never eaten such a good meal.
I've never eaten sushi.
I've never eaten this kind of food before.
I've never eaten this kind of ice cream before.
I've never emailed Tom anything.
I've never encountered this species of batshittery before; can you explain it to me?
I've never enjoyed doing that.
I've never enjoyed eating a slice of beef as much as I did than in this restaurant.
I've never enjoyed flying.
I've never enjoyed life.
I've never even been to Australia.
I've never even been to Boston.
I've never even been to England.
I've never even had a girlfriend.
I've never even had a threesome and Jill is out there having a foursome right now.
I've never even heard of it before.
I've never even held a gun.
I've never even held a scalpel before.
I've never even met Tom.
I've never even met anybody from Boston.
I've never even met anyone from Boston.
I've never even met her.
I've never even met him.
I've never even met them.
I've never even seen a koala before.
I've never even shot a gun.
I've never even spoken to Tom about that.
I've never even spoken to Tom.
I've never even told my husband.
I've never even told my wife that.
I've never even told my wife.
I've never even touched a gun.
I've never ever been arrested.
I've never ever been late for work.
I've never ever had a dog of my own.
I've never ever seen Tom working.
I've never ever seen anything like that before.
I've never ever seen anything like this before.
I've never ever seen one before.
I've never ever seen our dog behave like that.
I've never excelled at chess.
I've never experienced anything like it.
I've never experienced anything like that before.
I've never experienced anything like this before.
I've never experienced anything like this.
I've never experienced anything quite like this before.
I've never experienced such feelings before.
I've never experienced that.
I've never experienced this before.
I've never experienced this kind of heat.
I've never experienced virtual reality.
I've never fainted before.
I've never fallen asleep in class, but I am guilty of daydreaming in class.
I've never fallen asleep in class.
I've never fallen in love with a girl.
I've never fallen in love with any girl.
I've never fallen in love with anybody.
I've never fallen in love with anyone.
I've never fallen in love.
I've never fasted in my life.
I've never felt any sense of belonging in any college group I was staying with in college.
I've never felt anything like it before.
I've never felt better in my life.
I've never felt better.
I've never felt closer to you in my entire life than I do right now.
I've never felt discriminated against.
I've never felt happier.
I've never felt like doing that before.
I've never felt like that.
I've never felt like this before.
I've never felt loved.
I've never felt luckier.
I've never felt more anger.
I've never felt more happier than right now to be alive.
I've never felt more lonely.
I've never felt so alive.
I've never felt so ashamed in my entire life!
I've never felt so exhilarated.
I've never felt so good in my life.
I've never felt so guilty.
I've never felt so happy in my life.
I've never felt so helpless.
I've never felt so hot.
I've never felt so humiliated in my life!
I've never felt so lonely.
I've never felt so loved.
I've never felt so proud.
I've never felt so scared.
I've never felt so stupid.
I've never felt something like that before.
I've never felt stronger.
I've never felt such a strange combination of fear and arousal.
I've never felt that great ever before.
I've never felt that way before.
I've never felt that.
I've never felt the need to explore that avenue.
I've never felt this good before.
I've never felt this hot before.
I've never felt this way about anyone before.
I've never felt this way before.
I've never felt unsafe in Australia.
I've never felt unsafe in Boston.
I've never filed a lawsuit before.
I've never filed a lawsuit.
I've never finished reading the books that I don't like.
I've never fired a gun.
I've never fired anyone.
I've never fished before.
I've never flaunted my sexual orientation.
I've never flown a plane.
I've never flown before.
I've never flown first class.
I've never flown in a plane.
I've never flown in an airplane.
I've never flown on a plane before.
I've never forgiven Mary for what she did.
I've never forgiven Tom for what he did.
I've never forgiven Tom.
I've never forgotten Tom's birthday.
I've never forgotten how you helped us when we needed help.
I've never forgotten that time.
I've never forgotten that.
I've never forgotten you.
I've never found a true friend.
I've never found that to be necessary.
I've never fully experienced my sexuality.
I've never gambled.
I've never given a speech before.
I've never given anyone a Hermes scarf.
I've never given it a second thought.
I've never given it much thought.
I've never given that a second thought.
I've never gone anywhere with Tom.
I've never gone fishing at night.
I've never gone fishing with Tom.
I've never gone on a date with Mary.
I've never gone on a ferry before.
I've never gone on a whale-watching excursion.
I've never gone out with a Canadian girl.
I've never gone skinny dipping.
I've never gone swimming with Tom.
I've never gone there.
I've never gone to Australia.
I've never gone to Boston by bus.
I've never gone to Boston.
I've never got Covid, and I feel lucky.
I've never got Covid, and I hope it stays that way.
I've never got Covid, and I value safety first.
I've never got Covid, thanks to social distancing.
I've never got Covid, which brings me peace of mind.
I've never gotten a raise.
I've never gotten a speeding ticket.
I've never gotten anything from Tom.
I've never gotten married, because I've got three pets at home who serve the same purpose as a husband. I've got a dog who snarls every morning, a parrot who curses all afternoon, and a cat who comes home late at night.
I've never gotten married.
I've never gotten on a plane yet.
I've never gotten serious about learning French.
I've never gotten used to it.
I've never had Chinese food.
I've never had a beard.
I've never had a beer in the middle of the day before.
I've never had a better steak than the one at Adriano's place.
I've never had a boyfriend before.
I've never had a boyfriend.
I've never had a bullet journal.
I've never had a car.
I've never had a cat or dog.
I've never had a cat.
I've never had a cavity.
I've never had a date with a girl.
I've never had a dog.
I've never had a driver's license.
I've never had a friend like you before.
I've never had a friend quite like you.
I've never had a girlfriend.
I've never had a good job.
I've never had a headache this bad before.
I've never had a home of my own.
I've never had a job that I really liked.
I've never had a job.
I've never had a mustache.
I've never had a new car.
I've never had a night like this.
I've never had a nightmare.
I've never had a permanent address.
I've never had a place to call home.
I've never had a pretty dress in my life that I can remember.
I've never had a problem with Tom before.
I've never had a problem with Tom.
I've never had a problem with it.
I've never had a problem with my computer.
I've never had a problem with this car.
I've never had a real home since I can remember.
I've never had a steady job.
I've never had a strong attachment to material goods.
I've never had a student before that behaved as badly as you did today.
I've never had a traffic accident.
I've never had any complaints.
I've never had any illusions.
I've never had any problem with Tom personally.
I've never had any problems with the law.
I've never had any reason to do that.
I've never had any reason to do this before.
I've never had any student who can solve math problems as fast as you can.
I've never had anything like this happen to me before.
I've never had bangs.
I've never had it so good.
I've never had much money.
I've never had one of those.
I've never had problems before.
I've never had problems like that.
I've never had problems like this before.
I've never had problems like yours.
I've never had problems with the law.
I've never had sex.
I've never had such a large sum of money.
I've never had surgery.
I've never had sushi.
I've never had that experience in my life.
I've never had that experience.
I've never had that flavor before.
I've never had that happen to me.
I've never had that kind of problem.
I've never had that problem before.
I've never had that problem.
I've never had the chance to do that.
I've never had the chance to try doing that.
I've never had the chance to use it until now.
I've never had the desire to do that.
I've never had the opportunity to use it.
I've never had the opportunity.
I've never had these kinds of problems before.
I've never had this kind a problem before.
I've never had this kind of experience before.
I've never had this kind of problem at work.
I've never had this much trouble buying a ticket before.
I've never had this pain before.
I've never had this problem before.
I've never had those kinds of problems.
I've never had to deal with the police before.
I've never had to do anything like this before.
I've never had to fire anyone before.
I've never had to go there before.
I've never had to work very hard.
I've never had to worry too much about anything.
I've never had trouble falling asleep.
I've never had what I'd call a maternal instinct.
I've never hallucinated.
I've never hated you.
I've never heard English spoken so quickly.
I've never heard Tom complain about anything.
I've never heard Tom complain about that.
I've never heard Tom complain about work.
I've never heard Tom complain before.
I've never heard Tom complain.
I've never heard Tom cry.
I've never heard Tom curse in French.
I've never heard Tom cuss.
I've never heard Tom laugh.
I've never heard Tom lie.
I've never heard Tom play the piano.
I've never heard Tom say anything bad about Mary.
I've never heard Tom say anything like that.
I've never heard Tom sing in French.
I've never heard Tom sing in public before.
I've never heard Tom sing in public.
I've never heard Tom sing that song.
I've never heard Tom sing.
I've never heard Tom speak French.
I've never heard Tom speaking French before.
I've never heard Tom swear in French.
I've never heard Tom swear.
I've never heard Tom yell at anybody.
I've never heard Tom yell at anyone.
I've never heard a donkey braying.
I've never heard a frog croak.
I've never heard anybody say that before.
I've never heard anyone say that before.
I've never heard anyone say that.
I've never heard anyone swear like Tom.
I've never heard anything about this game.
I've never heard anything like that in my life.
I've never heard anything like that.
I've never heard anything like the noise he was making.
I've never heard anything more dreadful.
I've never heard anything nice come out of his mouth.
I've never heard her complain.
I've never heard her speak ill of others.
I've never heard him complain.
I've never heard him complaining about his meals.
I've never heard him do that.
I've never heard him speak English.
I've never heard him speak ill of others.
I've never heard it.
I've never heard metalcore like that.
I've never heard my mother sing a song.
I've never heard my mother sing.
I've never heard of Tom Jackson either.
I've never heard of Tom Jackson.
I've never heard of Tom.
I've never heard of a hallucination being so vivid and terrifying.
I've never heard of anyone by the name.
I've never heard of anything like that.
I've never heard of anything like this before.
I've never heard of anything so low.
I've never heard of her.
I've never heard of him before.
I've never heard of him until now.
I've never heard of him.
I've never heard of it until now.
I've never heard of it.
I've never heard of someone stealing a muffler from a car before.
I've never heard of such a frightening story before.
I've never heard of such a story before.
I've never heard of such a strange story.
I've never heard of such a thing.
I've never heard of that city yet.
I've never heard of that city.
I've never heard of that stereotype!
I've never heard of that.
I've never heard of the actor.
I've never heard of them.
I've never heard of this actor.
I've never heard of this manufacturer, but I'm not sure if I should buy it anyway because it's so cheap.
I've never heard of you.
I've never heard people saying anything good and saying nice things about him.
I've never heard so much complaining in my life.
I've never heard someone type so loud in my entire life.
I've never heard such a proverb.
I've never heard such a story all my life.
I've never heard such a thing, just an extraordinary story.
I've never heard such a thing.
I've never heard such codswallop in all my life.
I've never heard such nonsense.
I've never heard such preposterous accusations!
I've never heard that before.
I've never heard that expression before.
I've never heard that language.
I've never heard that one before.
I've never heard that one.
I've never heard that sound before.
I've never heard that word before.
I've never heard that.
I've never heard the kind of stories he tells.
I've never heard them complain.
I've never heard this before.
I've never heard this song before.
I've never heard this term before.
I've never heard this word in my village.
I've never heard those guys complain.
I've never heard you complain about anything.
I've never heard you complain.
I've never heard you talk like that.
I've never helped Tom with his homework.
I've never hit a woman.
I've never hit anyone before.
I've never hit anyone in my life.
I've never hit anyone.
I've never hugged Tom.
I've never hunted.
I've never hurt Tom.
I've never hurt anyone.
I've never identified as religious.
I've never in my life spoken in Esperanto.
I've never interacted with him directly.
I've never kept a diary.
I've never kept anything from you.
I've never killed anybody.
I've never killed anyone.
I've never killed nor injured anybody.
I've never killed nor injured anyone.
I've never kissed Tom in public.
I've never kissed Tom, but I'd like to.
I've never kissed Tom.
I've never kissed a girl before.
I've never kissed a girl.
I've never kissed anyone over thirty years old.
I've never kissed anyone.
I've never kissed her.
I've never kissed him.
I've never known Tom to be violent.
I've never known Tom to be wrong.
I've never known Tom to break a promise.
I've never known Tom to do that.
I've never known a girl so affected. She's really unbearable!
I've never known anyone as hypocritical as you.
I've never known anyone like Tom.
I've never known how to use the perfect tense.
I've never known someone as two-faced as you over the whole course of my life.
I've never known someone like that in my life.
I've never known you as fearsome as right now.
I've never lacked confidence.
I've never laughed so hard in my life.
I've never laughed so much in my life.
I've never left Australia.
I've never left Boston.
I've never left cislunar space.
I've never left my desk during office hours.
I've never left the state I was born in.
I've never left the village.
I've never left this island.
I've never let Tom drive my car.
I've never lied to Tom.
I've never lied to her.
I've never lied to him.
I've never lied to them.
I've never lied to you before.
I've never lied to you, and I don't like to hold things back from you.
I've never lied to you, have I?
I've never lied to you.
I've never liked Halloween.
I've never liked Tom and I never will.
I've never liked Tom.
I've never liked cycling.
I've never liked doing that.
I've never liked her.
I've never liked him.
I've never liked living here.
I've never liked swimming.
I've never liked that girl.
I've never liked that.
I've never liked the way foreign languages were taught at school.
I've never liked them.
I've never liked this.
I've never liked waiting in line.
I've never liked you much.
I've never liked you very much.
I've never liked you, Tom.
I've never liked you.
I've never lived abroad.
I've never lived anywhere but Australia.
I've never lived anywhere but Boston.
I've never lived anywhere except Australia.
I've never lived anywhere except Boston.
I've never lived anywhere other than Australia.
I've never lived anywhere other than Boston.
I've never lived anywhere where there was such a strong honor system.
I've never lived in Australia.
I've never lived in Boston.
I've never lived in a French-speaking country.
I've never lived in a big city before.
I've never lived in one place long enough to actually have any real friends.
I've never lived on a farm, but both of my parents grew up on farms.
I've never lived on a farm.
I've never looked at it in that way.
I've never looked at it like that before.
I've never lost a bet.
I've never lost a fight.
I've never lost a game of chess.
I've never lost before.
I've never lost hope.
I've never lost to Tom.
I've never loved a man the way I love you.
I've never loved any girl other than you.
I've never loved anybody as much as I love Tom.
I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
I've never loved anyone as much as I love Mary.
I've never loved anyone as much as I love Tom.
I've never loved anyone as much as I love you.
I've never loved anyone but Tom.
I've never loved anyone but you.
I've never loved anyone other than you.
I've never loved anyone the way I love you.
I've never loved you.
I've never made a double-sided copy. How do you do it?
I've never made a lasagna.
I've never made a lot of money.
I've never made a mistake.
I've never made a secret of my homosexuality.
I've never made any money doing that.
I've never made cookies before.
I've never made round challah before.
I've never made this kind of mistake before.
I've never managed to feel as serene in any other place as this place in my lifetime.
I've never managed to laugh at his unfunny jokes no matter how hard I've tried to make my mind laugh at his jokes.
I've never mentioned it to anyone, except Mary.
I've never mentioned it to anyone, except Tom.
I've never mentioned it to anyone.
I've never mentioned your name.
I've never meowed.
I've never met Mary.
I've never met Tom and Mary, but I've spoken to them on the phone a few times.
I've never met Tom and don't know what he looks like.
I've never met Tom in real life.
I've never met Tom's first wife.
I've never met Tom's girlfriend.
I've never met Tom's parents.
I've never met Tom's stepson's mother.
I've never met Tom's wife.
I've never met Tom, but I've spoken to him on the phone a few times.
I've never met Tom, either.
I've never met Tom.
I've never met a Canadian I didn't like.
I've never met a Canadian before.
I've never met a Canadian that I didn't like.
I've never met a Canadian.
I've never met a human before.
I've never met a kinder man than Tom.
I've never met a kinder person than Tom.
I've never met a man as stupid as you.
I've never met a musician I didn't like.
I've never met a musician that I didn't like.
I've never met a person that I've disliked immediately.
I've never met a smarter man than Tom.
I've never met a woman as stupid as you.
I've never met a woman like you.
I've never met anybody else like Tom.
I've never met anybody from Boston before.
I've never met anybody from Boston.
I've never met anybody like her.
I've never met anybody like him.
I've never met anybody like you before.
I've never met anybody like you.
I've never met anyone as crazy as him in my life.
I've never met anyone from Boston before.
I've never met anyone from Boston.
I've never met anyone like Tom before.
I've never met anyone like Tom.
I've never met anyone like her.
I've never met anyone like him before.
I've never met anyone like him.
I've never met anyone like them.
I've never met anyone like you before.
I've never met anyone like you.
I've never met anyone quite like Tom before.
I've never met anyone quite like William, he's a truly unique individual.
I've never met anyone quite like her before.
I've never met anyone quite like him before.
I've never met anyone quite like you before.
I've never met anyone who doesn't like chocolate.
I've never met anyone who is agnostic about the existence of Zeus.
I've never met anyone who knows as much about Australian history as Tom does.
I've never met anyone who makes me as happy as you make me.
I've never met anyone who taught themselves to play basketball just by reading a book; the same with foreign language.
I've never met anyone who was able to learn how to play basketball just by reading a book. The same holds true for learning foreign languages as well.
I've never met her before.
I've never met her, but I recognize her.
I've never met her.
I've never met him, but I recognize him.
I've never met him.
I've never met my mother.
I've never met my stepsisters.
I've never met someone from Australia that couldn't speak French.
I've never met someone that I love as much as I love you.
I've never met someone who doesn't like chocolate.
I've never met such a kind man.
I've never met such a repulsive person as Tom.
I've never met this man in my life.
I've never met this woman in my life.
I've never met those people.
I've never met you before, have I?
I've never met you before.
I've never met you in person.
I've never milked a cow before.
I've never minded her behaving badly.
I've never missed a deadline.
I've never missed a payment.
I've never missed you.
I've never needed a friend more than I do right now.
I've never needed anybody's help before.
I've never needed anybody.
I've never needed anything from Tom.
I've never needed him.
I've never needed it.
I've never needed to carry a gun.
I've never needed to do this before.
I've never neglected my duties.
I've never noticed anything out of the ordinary.
I've never noticed it before.
I've never noticed that before.
I've never noticed that.
I've never opened a bank account.
I've never owned a car.
I've never owned property in Australia.
I've never owned property in Boston.
I've never personally been there.
I've never played cards with Tom.
I've never played chess with Tom.
I've never played crazy golf.
I've never played football before.
I've never played football.
I've never played golf before.
I've never played golf with Tom.
I've never played golf with you, have I?
I've never played golf, but I think I'll give it a shot.
I've never played golf, but I will try.
I've never played golf.
I've never played guitar with Tom.
I've never played lacrosse.
I've never played music professionally.
I've never played poker with Tom.
I've never played soccer before.
I've never played soccer.
I've never played tennis with Tom.
I've never played tennis.
I've never played the tuba.
I've never played this game before.
I've never played this piece of music before.
I've never played truth or dare.
I've never purchased a lottery ticket.
I've never quite understood that rule.
I've never quite understood those rules.
I've never ran before.
I've never read Dasai.
I've never read a book in French.
I've never read a novel in French.
I've never read a novel so terrifying.
I've never read a whole book in French.
I've never read about the history of it.
I've never read any books.
I've never read any of the classics.
I've never read such a scary novel.
I've never really been anywhere.
I've never really been close to anyone.
I've never really been sure what I'm supposed to be doing here.
I've never really liked Tom very much.
I've never really liked Tom.
I've never really liked her.
I've never really seen it.
I've never really thought about having children.
I've never really thought about that.
I've never really understood this.
I've never refused to do what Tom wanted me to do.
I've never regretted doing that.
I've never regretted going for a run.
I've never regretted it.
I've never regretted marrying you.
I've never ridden Tom's horse.
I've never ridden a horse before.
I've never ridden a horse.
I've never run for office.
I've never said a word to anyone about that.
I've never said such a stupid thing.
I've never said that before.
I've never said that!
I've never said that.
I've never said this before to anyone.
I've never said this to anybody before.
I've never said this to anyone before.
I've never seen Akira.
I've never seen Cairo.
I've never seen Mary kiss any of her children.
I've never seen Mary this upset before.
I've never seen Sami this down before.
I've never seen Tom act like that.
I've never seen Tom act like this before.
I've never seen Tom acting like this before.
I've never seen Tom and Mary do anything like that before.
I've never seen Tom and Mary do that before.
I've never seen Tom and Mary do that.
I've never seen Tom and Mary help anyone.
I've never seen Tom and Mary kiss any of their children.
I've never seen Tom and Mary riding motorcycles.
I've never seen Tom around here.
I've never seen Tom as happy as he was with Mary.
I've never seen Tom behave this way before.
I've never seen Tom cry before.
I've never seen Tom cry.
I've never seen Tom dance.
I've never seen Tom dive.
I've never seen Tom do any work.
I've never seen Tom do anything like that before.
I've never seen Tom do anything like that.
I've never seen Tom do that before.
I've never seen Tom do that.
I've never seen Tom do what you say he always does.
I've never seen Tom doing that.
I've never seen Tom drinking wine.
I've never seen Tom drunk before.
I've never seen Tom drunk.
I've never seen Tom eat anything.
I've never seen Tom eat meat.
I've never seen Tom eating meat.
I've never seen Tom happier.
I've never seen Tom help anybody.
I've never seen Tom help anyone.
I've never seen Tom help his father.
I've never seen Tom here before.
I've never seen Tom here.
I've never seen Tom hit anybody.
I've never seen Tom hit anyone.
I've never seen Tom in a bathing suit.
I've never seen Tom in jeans.
I've never seen Tom in short pants.
I've never seen Tom in such a state.
I've never seen Tom juggle.
I've never seen Tom kiss any of his children.
I've never seen Tom laugh.
I've never seen Tom like that.
I've never seen Tom like this before.
I've never seen Tom lose his temper before.
I've never seen Tom naked.
I've never seen Tom performing.
I've never seen Tom play baseball.
I've never seen Tom riding a motorcycle.
I've never seen Tom smile.
I've never seen Tom so angry.
I've never seen Tom so busy.
I've never seen Tom so disappointed.
I've never seen Tom so enraged before.
I've never seen Tom so happy.
I've never seen Tom so tense.
I've never seen Tom so upset.
I've never seen Tom swim.
I've never seen Tom that mad.
I've never seen Tom there.
I've never seen Tom this angry before.
I've never seen Tom this mad before.
I've never seen Tom this nervous before.
I've never seen Tom this upset before.
I've never seen Tom this worked up before.
I've never seen Tom wear a hat.
I've never seen Tom wearing a hat.
I've never seen Tom wearing a tie.
I've never seen Tom wearing jeans.
I've never seen Tom wearing short pants.
I've never seen Tom with Mary.
I've never seen Tom with a girl before.
I've never seen Tom with that woman before.
I've never seen Tom working.
I've never seen Tom's dog.
I've never seen a UFO.
I've never seen a baby stegosaurus.
I've never seen a bear in this area.
I've never seen a bird like that, before or since.
I've never seen a bird of prey so close before.
I've never seen a boy cry before.
I've never seen a calf being born.
I've never seen a car this old in such good condition.
I've never seen a cat this cute before.
I've never seen a fat vegan.
I've never seen a film in Esperanto.
I've never seen a ghost.
I've never seen a giraffe.
I've never seen a girl more beautiful than you.
I've never seen a gold ingot in real life.
I've never seen a greenish mushroom.
I've never seen a house without a door.
I've never seen a koala in person before.
I've never seen a koala in the wild before.
I've never seen a landscape this big.
I've never seen a live whale.
I've never seen a metal of that color before; it's probably an alloy.
I've never seen a mongoose, so I have no idea what it is.
I've never seen a more enticing woman than the one standing in front of me right now.
I've never seen a more god-forsaken stretch of desert.
I've never seen a pearl of such magnitude!
I've never seen a pink fridge.
I've never seen a pink refrigerator.
I've never seen a plane fly over this island.
I've never seen a raccoon in this area.
I've never seen a rainbow before.
I've never seen a rainbow.
I've never seen a real cow.
I've never seen a real diamond.
I've never seen a real whale.
I've never seen a red refrigerator.
I've never seen a red sea.
I've never seen a river so pretty.
I've never seen a scorpion.
I've never seen a shot like that.
I've never seen a snail running from one side to the other like crazy.
I've never seen a spider like that before.
I've never seen a star so bright.
I've never seen a store around here that sells them at list price.
I've never seen a strawberry as big as this before.
I've never seen a temple this big before.
I've never seen a whale that big.
I've never seen a whale.
I've never seen a wolf.
I've never seen a yellow cow before.
I've never seen a yellow submarine in my life.
I've never seen an eclipse before.
I've never seen an egg this big before.
I've never seen an owl.
I've never seen any deer around here.
I've never seen any deer in this area.
I've never seen any newspapers or books at Tom's.
I've never seen any of those men before.
I've never seen any of you before in my life.
I've never seen anybody die.
I've never seen anybody do that before.
I've never seen anyone die from an electric shock.
I've never seen anyone die.
I've never seen anyone do something like that before.
I've never seen anyone do that before.
I've never seen anyone do that.
I've never seen anyone enjoy Boston less.
I've never seen anyone enjoy reading as much as you do.
I've never seen anyone like you.
I've never seen anyone look so angry like that in my life.
I've never seen anyone other than Tom and Mary do that.
I've never seen anyone other than Tom do that.
I've never seen anyone swimming across a river.
I've never seen anyone who could solve that problem without help.
I've never seen anything like it in my country.
I've never seen anything like it in my entire life.
I've never seen anything like it.
I've never seen anything like that before.
I've never seen anything like that happen around here.
I've never seen anything like that happen before.
I've never seen anything like that happen.
I've never seen anything like that.
I've never seen anything like thereunto.
I've never seen anything like this before.
I've never seen anything like this in Algeria.
I've never seen anything like this in my life.
I've never seen anything like this in my practice.
I've never seen anything like this.
I've never seen anything more beautiful in my life.
I've never seen anything quite like it.
I've never seen anything quite like this before.
I've never seen anything quite like this.
I've never seen anything remotely supernatural.
I've never seen anything so beautiful.
I've never seen as many people as this photograph the same rainbow.
I've never seen ball lightning.
I've never seen eggs that big.
I've never seen her act like that.
I've never seen her around here.
I've never seen her before in my life.
I've never seen her before.
I've never seen her cry.
I've never seen her dance.
I've never seen her happier.
I've never seen her laugh.
I've never seen her like that.
I've never seen her play so aggressive before.
I've never seen her smile.
I've never seen her so angry.
I've never seen her so busy.
I've never seen her so happy.
I've never seen her so tense.
I've never seen her so upset.
I've never seen her that angry.
I've never seen her that mad.
I've never seen her this angry.
I've never seen her wear a hat.
I've never seen her wear jeans.
I've never seen her wearing jeans.
I've never seen her.
I've never seen him again.
I've never seen him around here.
I've never seen him before in my life.
I've never seen him before.
I've never seen him cry before.
I've never seen him cry.
I've never seen him dance.
I've never seen him getting as angry as he was yesterday.
I've never seen him happier.
I've never seen him here.
I've never seen him in jeans.
I've never seen him in such a state.
I've never seen him laugh.
I've never seen him laughing or smiling.
I've never seen him like that.
I've never seen him naked.
I've never seen him really get down to work.
I've never seen him smile.
I've never seen him so angry before.
I've never seen him so angry.
I've never seen him so busy.
I've never seen him so happy.
I've never seen him so tense.
I've never seen him so upset.
I've never seen him that mad.
I've never seen him wear a hat.
I've never seen him wearing jeans.
I've never seen him.
I've never seen instant ramen this cheap before.
I've never seen it before.
I've never seen it done.
I've never seen it like that before.
I've never seen it like this.
I've never seen it that way before.
I've never seen it.
I've never seen my cat act like that.
I've never seen nothing like it.
I've never seen one before.
I've never seen one in person.
I've never seen one in person. What about you?
I've never seen one like that.
I've never seen one of these before.
I've never seen one of those up close.
I've never seen one of those.
I've never seen one to these before.
I've never seen one, except on Wikipedia.
I've never seen one.
I've never seen or heard of anything like that.
I've never seen peaches that big.
I've never seen snow before.
I've never seen snow.
I've never seen snowfall in Florida before.
I've never seen so big a dog.
I've never seen so many birds at one time before.
I've never seen so many books in one place.
I've never seen so many cars in one place.
I've never seen so many cars involved in one traffic accident.
I've never seen so many cars jammed.
I've never seen so many cars stuck in a traffic jam.
I've never seen so many cars stuck in traffic.
I've never seen so many good-looking men in one place.
I've never seen so many kinds of Christmas trees before.
I've never seen so many lights.
I've never seen so many people in one place.
I've never seen so many sentences in my life!
I've never seen so many squirrels before.
I've never seen so many stars.
I've never seen so many trees in my life.
I've never seen so much blood in my life.
I've never seen so much blood.
I've never seen so much paper.
I've never seen someone as impudent as him.
I've never seen someone exhibit cognitive dissonance on the scale that Tom does where COVID is concerned. It genuinely merits professional study and investigation. Fascinating stuff.
I've never seen someone have such a good life, despite all the struggles he had.
I've never seen someone say they're going to work hard starting tomorrow, and actually do it.
I've never seen something like this.
I've never seen something quite like that before.
I've never seen such a beautiful flower.
I've never seen such a beautiful girl.
I've never seen such a beautiful river.
I've never seen such a beautiful sunset.
I've never seen such a big dog.
I've never seen such a big watermelon.
I've never seen such a bright star.
I've never seen such a giant watermelon!
I've never seen such a large whale.
I've never seen such a lovely girl.
I've never seen such a person anywhere.
I've never seen such a scatterbrain.
I've never seen such a tattoo.
I've never seen such a thing in my life, not once!
I've never seen such a thing.
I've never seen such a tough nut.
I've never seen such a wonderful sunset.
I've never seen such dedication.
I've never seen such disrespectful conduct. Does he always behave this way?
I've never seen such good work.
I've never seen that before in my life.
I've never seen that before.
I've never seen that guy before.
I've never seen that happen before.
I've never seen that happen.
I've never seen that happening before.
I've never seen that house, but I've imagined it thousands of times.
I've never seen that kind of tree before.
I've never seen that man before in my life.
I've never seen that movie.
I've never seen that tree.
I've never seen that.
I've never seen the Eiffel Tower of Paris.
I've never seen the Eiffel Tower.
I've never seen the Pacific Ocean.
I've never seen the same thing where I live.
I've never seen the sea before.
I've never seen the sea.
I've never seen the stars shine so brightly.
I've never seen them anywhere.
I've never seen them before in my life.
I've never seen them before.
I've never seen them cry.
I've never seen them dance.
I've never seen them happier.
I've never seen them in concert.
I've never seen them laugh.
I've never seen them like that.
I've never seen them smile.
I've never seen them so angry.
I've never seen them so busy.
I've never seen them so happy.
I've never seen them so tense.
I've never seen them that mad.
I've never seen them wear hats.
I've never seen them.
I've never seen these people before in my life.
I've never seen things like that for sale.
I've never seen this before.
I've never seen this design before.
I've never seen this happen before.
I've never seen this kind of fish before.
I've never seen this kind of thing happen before.
I've never seen this many people in a photograph of the same rainbow.
I've never seen this movie before.
I've never seen this much money at once before.
I've never seen this much money before.
I've never seen this place so deserted.
I've never seen this place so empty.
I've never seen this shoddy of an excuse in my life.
I've never seen this sort of bird.
I've never seen this species of fish before.
I've never seen this spider before.
I've never seen this woman before in my life.
I've never seen this woman sad or anxious.
I've never seen this.
I've never seen those people before.
I've never seen two people so much in love as Tom and Mary.
I've never seen you act like this before.
I've never seen you as beautiful as you are now.
I've never seen you before in my life.
I've never seen you before.
I've never seen you cook. Can you actually cook?
I've never seen you cook. Can you cook anything at all?
I've never seen you cry before.
I've never seen you cry.
I've never seen you dance.
I've never seen you do anything like this before.
I've never seen you do that before.
I've never seen you do that.
I've never seen you get so angry ever before.
I've never seen you here before.
I've never seen you here.
I've never seen you in a dress before.
I've never seen you in such a hurry to get to school.
I've never seen you laugh before.
I've never seen you laugh.
I've never seen you like that before.
I've never seen you like this before.
I've never seen you like this.
I've never seen you look so nervous.
I've never seen you look so scared.
I've never seen you smile.
I've never seen you so angry.
I've never seen you so busy.
I've never seen you so happy.
I've never seen you so nervous.
I've never seen you so tense.
I've never seen you take any notes in class. How do you manage to retain the material so well?
I've never seen you that angry.
I've never seen you wear a hat.
I've never seen you with Tom.
I've never seen your father.
I've never seen your grandpa mad.
I've never seen your house.
I've never seriously dated anyone.
I've never served on a jury.
I've never sewn a button on a shirt before. Could you show me how?
I've never shot a gun.
I've never shot anyone before.
I've never shot anyone.
I've never skated before.
I've never skated.
I've never skied before.
I've never skied.
I've never skipped a class.
I've never skipped school.
I've never skived school.
I've never slept better.
I've never slept in class.
I've never smoked a cigarette in my life.
I've never smoked before.
I've never smoked in my life.
I've never smoked in my whole life.
I've never smoked.
I've never spent a day in jail.
I've never spoken Esperanto in my life.
I've never spoken French to Tom.
I've never spoken French with a native speaker.
I've never spoken in public before.
I've never spoken in public.
I've never spoken to Tom.
I've never spoken to anyone in French.
I've never spoken to the old man who lives next door.
I've never spoken with Tom in French.
I've never spoken with Tom.
I've never stayed out this late walking before.
I've never stepped into a poor block.
I've never stolen a bike off the street.
I've never stolen a car.
I've never stolen anything from Tom.
I've never stolen anything from you.
I've never stolen anything in my life.
I've never stolen anything in my whole life.
I've never stolen anything.
I've never stood for office.
I've never stopped loving Mary.
I've never stopped loving Tom.
I've never stopped loving her.
I've never stopped loving him.
I've never stopped loving them.
I've never stopped loving you.
I've never studied French grammar.
I've never studied French.
I've never studied electrical engineering.
I've never studied interlingua, but I can understand almost everything I read in it!
I've never studied scientific philosophy, so I haven't read about Caveilles either.
I've never sung in public before.
I've never sung in public.
I've never sung this before.
I've never sung with Tom.
I've never sung with a band before.
I've never sung with you, have I?
I've never swum in a pool.
I've never swum in the Pacific before.
I've never swum in this lake.
I've never taken Tom seriously.
I've never taken drugs.
I've never talked about it.
I've never talked about that to anybody.
I've never talked about that to anyone.
I've never talked to Tom.
I've never talked with Tom about that.
I've never tasted a chocolate muffin as tasty as this one before.
I've never tasted a steak as good as Adriano's.
I've never tasted anything as unusual as this.
I've never tasted anything like it.
I've never tasted anything like this before.
I've never tasted couscous with fish.
I've never tasted happiness as much as I did ever since I've known my current boyfriend.
I've never taught French.
I've never taught anyone anything.
I've never thought about becoming a teacher.
I've never thought about doing it that way.
I've never thought about doing that.
I've never thought about giving up.
I've never thought about it.
I've never thought about studying Mirandese.
I've never thought about that before.
I've never thought about that.
I've never thought much about it.
I've never thought of doing that.
I've never thought of him as a faithful man.
I've never thought of leaving you.
I've never thought of my boss as a friend.
I've never thought of that.
I've never thought that.
I've never thrown away anything that I thought I might be able to use sometime.
I've never thrown rocks at anybody.
I've never thrown rocks at anyone.
I've never told Tom about that.
I've never told Tom about what happened.
I've never told Tom about what we did that summer.
I've never told Tom exactly how Mary and I met each other.
I've never told Tom how I feel about him.
I've never told Tom that Mary and I used to go out with each other.
I've never told Tom the way I feel about him.
I've never told a joke in my life.
I've never told a lie in my whole life.
I've never told a lie.
I've never told anybody about Tom.
I've never told anybody that before.
I've never told anybody this before.
I've never told anyone about Mary.
I've never told anyone about Tom.
I've never told anyone about this.
I've never told anyone about what really happened.
I've never told anyone before.
I've never told anyone something like that before.
I've never told anyone that before, not even my mother.
I've never told anyone that before.
I've never told anyone that my father is in prison.
I've never told anyone that.
I've never told anyone this before.
I've never told anyone this story before.
I've never told anyone what happened that night.
I've never told anyone why I have trouble sleeping.
I've never told anyone.
I've never told this story to anybody before.
I've never told this story to anyone before.
I've never told this to anyone.
I've never told you what actually happened.
I've never traveled abroad.
I've never traveled anywhere before.
I've never traveled by airplane.
I've never traveled by plane.
I've never traveled by train.
I've never travelled anywhere before.
I've never travelled by train.
I've never tried Chinese food.
I've never tried Mexican food.
I've never tried archery because I don't have good aim.
I've never tried arroz con costra.
I've never tried baking my own bread.
I've never tried bungee jumping.
I've never tried doing it that way.
I've never tried doing that before.
I've never tried doing that.
I've never tried doing this before.
I've never tried driving a car.
I've never tried feeding my dog a banana.
I've never tried hang gliding.
I've never tried it before.
I've never tried it.
I've never tried maple syrup.
I've never tried playing the piano.
I've never tried putting soy sauce on avocados.
I've never tried riding a unicycle.
I've never tried this before.
I've never tried this dish before.
I've never tried this.
I've never tried to do that.
I've never tried water skiing.
I've never tried.
I've never trusted Tom and I don't think I ever will.
I've never trusted Tom and I doubt I ever will.
I've never trusted Tom and I doubt that I ever will.
I've never trusted Tom and I never will.
I've never trusted Tom and Mary don't think I ever will.
I've never trusted Tom, and I never will.
I've never trusted Tom.
I've never trusted her and I never will.
I've never trusted her.
I've never trusted him and I never will.
I've never trusted him.
I've never trusted strangers.
I've never trusted them.
I've never trusted you and I never will.
I've never trusted you.
I've never underestimated Tom.
I've never understood Tom.
I've never understood her.
I've never understood him.
I've never understood how you put up with him.
I've never understood it.
I've never understood them.
I've never understood these rules.
I've never understood this.
I've never understood you.
I've never used VR before, so I'm very excited.
I've never used a blowtorch.
I've never used a chainsaw.
I've never used a chisel before.
I've never used a chisel before. Could you show me how?
I've never used a dating app before.
I've never used a hacksaw before. Could you show me how?
I've never used a lathe before.
I've never used a lathe before. Could you show me how?
I've never used a weed killer.
I've never used a wheelbarrow.
I've never used a winch before.
I've never used a winch before. Could you show me how?
I've never used any prohibited substances.
I've never used illegal drugs, as far as I know.
I've never used one of these before.
I've never used that briefcase that Tom gave me.
I've never used that knife.
I've never used that shovel.
I've never used this kind of bottle opener before.
I've never used this kind of computer before.
I've never used this kind of cork screw before.
I've never valued life as much as right now ever since the time I came two inches away from death.
I've never visited Australia.
I've never visited Boston with Tom.
I've never visited Boston without Tom.
I've never visited Boston.
I've never visited Israel.
I've never visited Kagoshima, but I intend to this summer.
I've never visited the village.
I've never voted for Orban.
I've never voted for Putin.
I've never voted.
I've never waited around for gifts from fate.
I've never wanted anything more in my life.
I've never wanted anything so much in my life.
I've never wanted kids.
I've never wanted to be a millionaire. I just wanted to live like one.
I've never wanted to be anything else but a teacher.
I've never wanted to be close to anyone before.
I've never wanted to do that.
I've never wanted to rush into a relationship so fast.
I've never watched a movie in Esperanto.
I've never watched this.
I've never welshed on a bet yet.
I've never welshed on a bet.
I've never wished a man dead, but I have read some obituaries with great pleasure.
I've never wished death on anyone in this life.
I've never witnessed so much debauchery in my entire life.
I've never witnessed such a thing.
I've never woken up this early.
I've never won a fight.
I've never won anything before.
I've never won anything in my life.
I've never won anything.
I've never worked a single day in my life.
I've never worked as a carpenter.
I've never worked harder in all my life.
I've never worked in Australia.
I've never worked in Boston.
I've never worked in a restaurant.
I've never worked this hard before.
I've never worked with Tom.
I've never worked with her.
I've never worked with him.
I've never worked with them.
I've never worked with this kind of wood before.
I've never worked with you, have I?
I've never worn a dinner jacket.
I've never worn a hat.
I've never worn a sleeping gown in my life.
I've never worn a tuxedo.
I've never worn contact lenses.
I've never worn cowboy boots in my whole life.
I've never worn this before.
I've never worn this jacket.
I've never written a letter in French before.
I've never written a play.
I've never written this kind of essay before.
I've never yet heard Chewbacca speak English, but, oddly enough, everyone in the galaxy far, far away understands everyone else's accent and gobbledygook, so it doesn't really matter what language you speak.
I've no children of my own.
I've no complaints. As far as I'm concerned, everything is just perfect.
I've no desire to defend myself.
I've no friend to talk to about my problems.
I've no idea how you change a tire.
I've no idea what's going on.
I've no idea what's happening.
I've no idea where to start.
I've no idea why I've grown my hair this long.
I've no idea why he did that.
I've no idea.
I've no money for food.
I've no money on my account.
I've no past and no present either.
I've no reason not to believe him.
I've no time for anything.
I've no time to study.
I've no time to talk to every gadabout. We want no stranger here. Be off, or you may find a dog at your heels.
I've no way of telling whether or not what he says is true.
I've not been briefed.
I've not been doing much.
I've not been feeling very well lately.
I've not been to work. I've stayed at home all day.
I've not heard that she will come.
I've not put a foot wrong and they're still firing me for incompetence.
I've not read all her novels.
I've not read today's paper yet.
I've not seen anything yet in Tegucigalpa.
I've not seen her often at school.
I've not seen him in a long time.
I've not seen him often at school.
I've not slept for some nights.
I've not started yet.
I've nothing more to give society now that I'm elderly.
I've nothing scheduled for next weekend.
I've nothing to do today.
I've nothing to fear from someone as pigeon-livered as him.
I've nothing to fear.
I've nothing to give.
I've noticed a change lately.
I've noticed a pattern.
I've noticed inconsistencies in his stories.
I've noticed many similarities between Spanish and French conjugations.
I've noticed several Tatoeba admins have recently changed their long-standing profile pics. A seemingly interesting if ultimately irrelevant coincidence.
I've noticed some changes in his behavior lately.
I've noticed some strange things happening around here.
I've noticed that Tom doesn't usually lock his door.
I've noticed that as I internalized French and spoke it subconsciously, I started losing my conscious knowledge of French grammar.
I've noticed that everyone who is for abortion has already been born.
I've noticed that having fun doesn't interfere at all with your studies. I just can't.
I've noticed that he has a thing for me.
I've noticed that just like Tails, I have self-esteem problems, partly because of my childhood, when my classmates treated me badly for being different, but I keep fighting anyways to be better. Plus, he likes helping and is sweet and friendly, same as I want to be. Maybe that's why I've always liked him so much and identify so much with him.
I've noticed that most of the mixed couples we've seen in the streets in Japan are foreign men with Japanese women. We seem to be in a different kind of combination.
I've noticed that you're tired.
I've noticed that you've become more calm in the last month.
I've noticed that, too.
I've noticed that.
I've now completed the book's table of contents.
I've now got some emotional distance from Tom, which is really good for me.
I've now lost count of how many pills I take a day.
I've nowhere to sleep tonight.
I've obviously not done that yet.
I've offended you, haven't I?
I've offended you.
I've offered to help Tom do that.
I've officially been on Tatoeba for a week!
I've officially gone crazy.
I've often been here.
I've often been there.
I've often danced with Tom.
I've often done that.
I've often found joy in other aspects of life.
I've often gone to Boston on business.
I've often heard Tom say that.
I've often heard about you.
I've often heard of these, but I've never seen one before.
I've often seen him bullied.
I've often thought that about my personal trainer.
I've often wondered what it must be like to be rich.
I've often wondered what species of mammal has the most teats.
I've oiled the bicycle.
I've oiled the bike.
I've once spotted an alien starship in the Moroccan sky.
I've only been a teacher for three months.
I've only been a widower for three months.
I've only been able to view three pages of this, but it still paints a very interesting picture.
I've only been awake for 2 hours, and I already have 4 rats in critical condition and 1 on the way out... It's just gonna be one of those days, isn't it?
I've only been doing this for three hours.
I've only been fooling myself.
I've only been here a couple of minutes.
I've only been here a week.
I've only been here for a couple of minutes.
I've only been here for a day and I already want to leave.
I've only been here for a month.
I've only been here for three years.
I've only been here in Algeria for four months.
I've only been here once before.
I've only been here three months.
I've only been here three years.
I've only been in Australia a year.
I've only been in Boston a year.
I've only been online for ten minutes.
I've only been stung by a jellyfish once.
I've only been there once.
I've only been to Australia once.
I've only been to Australia one time.
I've only been to Australia three times.
I've only been to Boston once.
I've only been to Boston one time.
I've only been to Boston three times.
I've only been to Tianjin twice.
I've only been truly in love once.
I've only been waiting for five minutes.
I've only dated a Canadian once.
I've only dated one Canadian.
I've only descended further into loonyville.
I've only done that about three times.
I've only done that once.
I've only done that one time.
I've only done that three times.
I've only done that twice.
I've only done this once before.
I've only done this once.
I've only ever played football with boys.
I've only felt this way once before.
I've only finished half of what I need to do.
I've only flicked through it.
I've only glanced through it.
I've only gone to Tianjin twice.
I've only got a couple of these left.
I've only got a few pencils.
I've only got a few pens.
I've only got a minute.
I've only got a part-time job.
I've only got an hour.
I've only got butter in the fridge.
I've only got fifteen minutes.
I've only got fifty metres of rope.
I've only got myself to blame.
I've only got one left.
I've only got one lesson today.
I've only got one of these.
I've only got one pair of glasses.
I've only got one sweet left.
I've only got one week left before school starts.
I've only got one.
I've only got this one.
I've only got twenty euros.
I've only got two hands!
I've only got vague memories.
I've only got you left.
I've only had French for one semester so far.
I've only had my driver's license for three months.
I've only had one boyfriend.
I've only had one drink.
I've only had one girlfriend.
I've only had this laptop for a couple of years, and it's already pretty beat up.
I've only had two beers, I really need a third one!
I've only had two or three drinks.
I've only heard Tom play the banjo once.
I've only heard Tom play the piano once.
I've only heard bits and pieces of the recent discussions.
I've only heard good things about him.
I've only just arrived.
I've only just begun.
I've only just come back.
I've only just got here.
I've only just got up.
I've only just met Tom.
I've only just noticed it.
I've only just noticed.
I've only just started reading this novel, so I can't pass judgement yet.
I've only just started reading this novel. I can't pass judgement yet.
I've only just started reading this novel; I can't pass judgement yet.
I've only just started studying French.
I've only just started studying Italian.
I've only just started.
I've only known Tom for a few months.
I've only lived in Australia for three years.
I've only lived in Boston for three years.
I've only looked at it.
I've only lost twice.
I've only met Mary once, but she seemed like a nice girl.
I've only met Tom once, but he seemed like a nice guy.
I've only met Tom once.
I've only met Tom twice.
I've only met him once so far.
I've only met him three times.
I've only played chess with Tom once.
I've only read a few of these books.
I've only read about half the books on the bottom shelf.
I've only read the first part of the book.
I've only seen Tom do that once.
I've only seen Tom once.
I've only seen Tom twice.
I've only seen a rainbow once in my entire life.
I've only seen an angel once.
I've only seen her twice.
I've only seen him once.
I've only seen him twice.
I've only seen it once.
I've only seen one like this before.
I've only seen people do that in movies.
I've only seen the first episode.
I've only seen them twice.
I've only seen you three times since we met more than two months ago.
I've only sold three copies of my book so far.
I've only spoken to Tom once since I got here.
I've only spoken to Tom once.
I've only spoken to Tom twice since he started working here.
I've only studied French for three months.
I've only taken French for one semester so far.
I've only tried doing that once.
I've only tried it once.
I've only truly been in love once.
I've only used it once.
I've only used this two times.
I've only worn these shoes once.
I've only worn this jacket once.
I've only written three songs so far this year.
I've only written three songs this year.
I've opened an account at that bank because foreign bank transfers are free to people under twenty-five.
I've opened many Facebook and Twitter accounts since 2008. I now have six Facebook accounts and fifteen Twitter accounts.
I've opened my own restaurant.
I've opened the door wide.
I've opened the upstairs windows.
I've opened the window.
I've opened the windows upstairs.
I've ordered a book from Amazon.com.
I've ordered a book from Australia.
I've ordered a book from England.
I've ordered a pizza.
I've ordered coffee.
I've ordered one.
I've ordered several books from England.
I've ordered something to eat.
I've ordered two teas and three coffees.
I've ordered you a beer.
I've ordered you a hamburger.
I've ordered you some dessert.
I've outgrown Halloween.
I've outgrown my need to sleep with a teddy bear.
I've overslept again.
I've overstayed my visa.
I've packed gambling in. I've been losing too much money.
I've packed my suitcases already.
I've packed.
I've paid a little for that.
I've paid already.
I've paid for that.
I've paid my debt to society.
I've paid my dues.
I've paid my fees.
I've paid parking fines a number of times myself.
I've paid the bill.
I've paid you already.
I've painted all my life.
I've painted my whole life.
I've painted the ceiling.
I've parked my car here many times and no one's complained.
I've parked my car here many times and nobody's complained.
I've parked my car here many times.
I've partially finished my work.
I've participated in various activities.
I've passed along the question directly to the Prime Minister.
I've passed by this place many times before, but I never went inside.
I've passed every test so far.
I've passed the exam with flying colours.
I've passed the exam.
I've passed the test.
I've performed this operation a hundred times, so it feels strange now that I'm the one under the knife.
I've permanently changed for the worse.
I've permitted my children to do that many times.
I've persuaded Tom not to do that again.
I've persuaded Tom not to do that anymore.
I've persuaded Tom not to do that.
I've persuaded Tom to agree to do that.
I've persuaded Tom to do that again.
I've persuaded Tom to do that.
I've persuaded Tom to drive.
I've persuaded Tom to stay in Australia until Monday.
I've persuaded Tom to stay in Boston until Monday.
I've persuaded Tom to wait until next week to do that.
I've phoned Tom.
I've phoned him to remind him about it.
I've phoned him.
I've phoned.
I've photographed many children.
I've planned a camping trip, care to join me?
I've planned a wonderful meal for us.
I've planned our route.
I've planted a tree.
I've played chess since I was a child.
I've played games in this genre before and haven't enjoyed them.
I've played golf with Tom many times.
I've played soccer since I was thirteen.
I've played sports all my life.
I've played tennis for years and years.
I've played tennis with Tom several times.
I've played that song so many times I could do it in my sleep.
I've played the piano ever since I was a boy.
I've played this piece of music before.
I've posted the letter for you.
I've postponed my trip to Australia.
I've postponed my trip to Boston.
I've poured some tea into your cup.
I've poured you some tea.
I've practised.
I've prayed already.
I've prepared a list of things for you to do while I'm gone.
I've prepared a list.
I've prepared a snack for you.
I've prepared eggplant and egg for my breakfast.
I've prepared your bath.
I've pretty much gotten over it.
I've printed out a two-page policy document.
I've probably already said too much.
I've probably already seen that movie.
I've probably got an ulcer.
I've probably heard of him somewhere.
I've probably made a mistake.
I've promised Tom I won't do that anymore.
I've promised Tom I would help.
I've promised Tom I wouldn't do that again.
I've promised Tom I wouldn't do that anymore.
I've promised Tom I wouldn't go to Boston anymore.
I've promised Tom I'd be there.
I've promised Tom I'd do that tomorrow.
I've promised Tom I'd do that.
I've promised Tom I'd go to Australia with him.
I've promised Tom that I won't do that anymore.
I've promised Tom that I would help.
I've promised Tom that I wouldn't do that again.
I've promised Tom that I wouldn't do that anymore.
I've promised Tom that I wouldn't go to Boston anymore.
I've promised Tom that I'd be there.
I've promised Tom that I'd do that tomorrow.
I've promised Tom that I'd do that.
I've promised Tom that I'd go to Australia with him.
I've promised never to be late again.
I've promised never to do that again.
I've promised not to do that again.
I've promised to do that for Tom.
I've promised to do that this week.
I've promised to do that today.
I've promised to do that with Tom tomorrow.
I've promised to do that.
I've promised to give them one hundred hrivnas annually.
I've promised to go skin diving with Tom tomorrow.
I've promised to go to Australia with Tom.
I've promised to go to Boston with Tom.
I've promised to go.
I've promised to help Tom today.
I've promised to take Tom and Mary to the beach for a picnic tomorrow.
I've provided a source.
I've provided sources.
I've purchased his latest novel.
I've put a little bit of milk in my coffee.
I've put a lot of effort into this.
I've put a new handle on the door.
I've put a slice of cake on the table. Enjoy!
I've put all of my energy into this plan.
I've put as much money into the car as I bought it for.
I've put aside my passion for football for too long, so I might pick it up once again in the near future.
I've put aside one fourth of my salary for the last three years.
I've put it in my appointment book.
I've put it in the drawer.
I've put money aside in case I run into some unforeseen problem in the future.
I've put money aside in case I run into some unforeseen problems in the future.
I've put my career on the line for you.
I've put my mobile on silent.
I've put off going to Australia.
I've put off going to Boston.
I've put on a little weight over the last year.
I've put on a little weight.
I've put on a lot of weight since Christmas.
I've put on a lot of weight, so I can't wear these jeans anymore.
I've put on weight recently.
I've put on weight.
I've put some links in my profile to sources I use myself to check my English. They're all good for British English.
I've put the bed back into order and I hope you won't get it undone.
I've put the bins out.
I've put the bottle of wine in the refrigerator.
I've put the children on the bus, and Mum is waiting for them at the bus stop in the village.
I've put the ladder against the wall.
I've put together a range of jobs for Tom and John that are not among the most pleasant.
I've put up with a lot of nonsense from her.
I've put up with your constant complaining long enough.
I've put up with your nagging long enough.
I've put your birthday on my calendar.
I've put your washing out to dry.
I've quit doing many things I used to do.
I've quit doing that.
I've quit drinking beer.
I've quit drinking carbonated drinks.
I've quit drinking coffee.
I've quit going to clubs.
I've quit smoking and drinking.
I've quit smoking.
I've quit using French with you.
I've quit waiting for someone to rescue me.
I've radioed for help.
I've raised the alarm.
I've raped her.
I've raped him.
I've raped you.
I've rarely lived more than an hour from the lake.
I've rarely seen Tom so quiet.
I've rarely seen her so quiet.
I've rarely seen him so quiet.
I've rarely seen you so quiet.
I've reached a total of sixty thousand sentences in Portuguese on Tatoeba.
I've reached my limit in enduring pain.
I've reached my limit with your complaints.
I've reached my limit.
I've reached the end of my strength.
I've reached the goal.
I've reached the limits of my ability.
I've read Tom's poems. Have you read them, too?
I've read Tom's will.
I've read Zola's body of work, he's my favorite writer.
I've read a book that talks about the Blessed Trinity.
I've read a book.
I've read a lot of books on that subject.
I've read a lot of books.
I've read about a hundred books so far.
I've read about that.
I've read all about you.
I've read all her books.
I've read all her novels.
I've read all his books.
I've read all his novels.
I've read all kinds of books.
I've read all of her books.
I've read all of his books.
I've read all of the books in this library.
I've read all of these books several times each.
I've read all of these books.
I've read all of these letters.
I've read all of those books.
I've read all of your posts.
I've read all the books in Tom's library.
I've read all the books on the third shelf.
I've read all the books on this shelf.
I've read all the books that you recommended me.
I've read all the books you've read.
I've read all the books.
I've read all the comments.
I've read all these books.
I've read all those books.
I've read all your books.
I've read all your novels.
I've read another fifty pages.
I've read any and every book in this library.
I've read both books.
I've read both of these books, but neither of them is interesting.
I've read both of these books.
I've read both these books.
I've read enough books about the Berber language.
I've read every book here except this one.
I've read every book in my father's bookcase.
I've read every book in the library.
I've read every book on the shelf.
I've read every book on this shelf.
I've read every one of these books.
I've read every one of those books.
I've read every page except the last one.
I've read his book.
I've read his pamphlet, and furthermore, I've concluded that it's nothing but drivel.
I've read his will.
I've read how to cook tempura in a book.
I've read hundreds of books.
I've read in the newspaper about people who got shot for far less than what you've done.
I've read it.
I've read many books on that subject.
I've read many kinds of books.
I've read most of these books already.
I've read my notes.
I've read only the first three chapters.
I've read several books about serial killers.
I've read sixty pages, while he's read only ten.
I've read some hundred books so far.
I've read some of these books.
I've read something like that.
I've read somewhere that it's not true.
I've read ten books this month.
I've read that Thomas Edison's last words were "It's very beautiful over there."
I've read that authors have difficulty making money. They have to be lucky in the business!
I've read that book already.
I've read that book before.
I've read that book many times.
I've read that book several times.
I've read that book three times.
I've read that book, too.
I've read that book.
I've read that there was nothing but nothingness in the universe before the Big Bang.
I've read the Quran.
I've read the book Tom was talking about.
I've read the book in one go.
I've read the book twice.
I've read the book.
I've read the dictionary cover to cover.
I've read the first page.
I've read the instruction manual from beginning to end ans I still don't get it.
I've read the report very carefully.
I've read the report.
I've read their comments.
I've read thirteen books so far this summer.
I've read this book before.
I've read this book many times.
I've read this book several times.
I've read this book three times.
I've read this book.
I've read this from cover to cover.
I've read this in the newspaper.
I've read three books on Kabylie.
I've read three books since Monday morning.
I've read three books since Monday.
I've read three books since last Monday.
I've read three books since this morning.
I've read too fucking many stupid sentences. My brain is mushy now, because I kept hitting my head to the walls.
I've read twice as many books as Tom has.
I've read your arrest report.
I've read your book. It was very interesting.
I've realized that I deserve to be with someone who truly ignites my love.
I've realized that marriage isn't a personal goal or priority in my life.
I've realized the value of our relationship, and I won't let it slip away.
I've really been blessed.
I've really been practising for a long time for that tournament.
I've really changed a lot.
I've really enjoyed talking to you this evening.
I've really enjoyed talking to you.
I've really enjoyed talking with you.
I've really got the hump with Tom.
I've really got to buckle down and study for our final exams.
I've really got to do that soon.
I've really got to get home.
I've really got to hurry.
I've really got to step on it.
I've really got to take charge.
I've really got to tell you something, something very important. Let's meet up tonight please, can't we?
I've really got work to do.
I've really improved.
I've really learned a lot from you.
I've really learned a lot.
I've really let myself go.
I've really messed up.
I've really missed you.
I've received a circular from the bank.
I've received a letter.
I've received a lot of positive feedback.
I've received a lot of positive responses.
I've received a warning about an earthquake on my phone.
I've received an email from the bursar telling me of a $100 refund.
I've received an invitation to dinner with him and his family.
I've received another message from Tom.
I've received it too.
I've received it, too.
I've received many positive responses.
I've received many questions from students asking about choices and methods of reading. My answers have never led to anything productive. I think it's not dissimilar to asking what kind of person you should love or which kind of love you should have.
I've received many threatening messages from my therapists.
I've received news about Tom.
I've received no reply from you yet.
I've received the admission ticket for the exam, but I haven't decided yet if I will go. I haven't studied at all.
I've received this.
I've received threats.
I've received very positive feedback.
I've received your letter.
I've recently become crazy about Perfume too, but 2 years later than everyone else.
I've recently changed brands of toothpaste.
I've recently given up smoking.
I've recently lost a lot of weight.
I've recently moved to Australia.
I've recently moved to Boston.
I've reconsidered it.
I've reconsidered your offer.
I've recovered from my illness.
I've redecorated.
I've redesigned the whole thing.
I've reduced the amount of meat I eat.
I've refused to do that.
I've registered already.
I've regretted doing that.
I've regretted it all my life.
I've relocated.
I've remarried.
I've removed the comma.
I've renovated my house.
I've rented a place on Park Street.
I've rented a room in Boston for a month.
I've rented a room in Boston for three months.
I've rented a room in Paris for a month.
I've rented a room not far from here.
I've rented a room not too far from here.
I've rented an apartment.
I've rented out the room on the first floor to a student.
I've rented the room on the first floor to a student.
I've repaired a clock.
I've repaired it.
I've repaired the radio for him.
I've repeatedly warned Tom not to go there.
I've replaced the kitchen tap.
I've replaced the tap in the kitchen.
I've requested an explanation and I hope I'll get one.
I've requested an explanation and I think I'll get one.
I've requested an explanation and I'm confident I'll get one.
I've requested asylum.
I've requested political asylum.
I've reserved a double.
I've resigned.
I've rested enough already.
I've retired and I'm going to take it easy for a while.
I've retired and I'm going to take things easy for a while.
I've retired.
I've retranslated the sentence for simplicity's sake.
I've returned from the village.
I've returned to Australia.
I've returned to Boston.
I've returned today.
I've returned!
I've returned.
I've rewritten my resume a bit.
I've rewritten my resume a little.
I've rewritten the poem.
I've rewritten the report.
I've rewritten the sentence just for you.
I've rewritten the sentence.
I've ripped my pants on a tack.
I've risked enough.
I've risked everything.
I've ruined everything.
I've ruined my father and my family.
I've run a bath.
I've run for three hours.
I've run into so many obstacles.
I've run out of clean clothes.
I've run out of coffee.
I've run out of cotton wool.
I've run out of food, except for my emergency stash of chili-flavored peanuts.
I've run out of food.
I've run out of gas.
I've run out of ideas.
I've run out of milk.
I've run out of money already.
I've run out of money altogether.
I've run out of money.
I've run out of my savings.
I've run out of paint.
I've run out of patience.
I've run out of soft drinks.
I've run out of sugar.
I've run out of time.
I've run out of water.
I've run short of money.
I've run this morning.
I've run three miles.
I've run up against all kinds of people, working as a temporary.
I've rung and rung, but there's no answer.
I've rung him.
I've rung the bell already.
I've sacrificed everything.
I've said I'm sorry.
I've said all I have to say.
I've said all I'm going to say.
I've said all along I'd be ready.
I've said all along I'd do that.
I've said all along that I'd be ready.
I've said all along that I'd do that.
I've said all this before.
I've said enough.
I've said everything I was planning to say.
I've said everything I'm going to say.
I've said everything that I'm going to say.
I've said everything.
I've said it before and I'll say it again: Don't touch my stuff!
I've said it before and I'm saying it again: don't touch my things!
I've said it before, and I'll say it again: I love Boston!
I've said it before, and I'll say it again: I've said it before, and I'll say it again.
I've said it often enough.
I've said it several times.
I've said my piece and I don't want to be involved anymore.
I've said my piece.
I've said such horrible things to you.
I've said that all along.
I've said that already.
I've said that before.
I've said this a million times.
I've said this all before.
I've said this before.
I've said this many times.
I've said this several times.
I've said too much already.
I've said too much.
I've said what I had to say.
I've said what I wanted to say.
I've sat on my heels for so long my legs have fallen asleep.
I've saved a little money.
I've saved a lot of money.
I've saved the best for last.
I've saved up a little money.
I've saved you a seat next to me.
I've scanned my photos.
I've scheduled for the week-end.
I've scolded Tom many times.
I've scolded him many times.
I've scored miserably on my Berber paper.
I've searched everywhere but I can't find it.
I've searched everywhere for a small apartment.
I've searched everywhere.
I've searched for him all morning.
I've searched the length and breadth of Australia and not found a single person who calls them shrimp.
I've searched the whole house for the letter.
I've seen Fred Rovella in a festival.
I've seen Greg incidentally at Starbucks cafÃ© on Lulu Island for some years, but only today morning, on the 14th of August of 2022, we formally introduced to each other. He is a Filipino from Nueva Ecija, and he came to Canada at age 18 in 1977. He lived in Edmonton and Calgary in Alberta for some twenty years, then moved to here in BC. He is a devout Baptist Protestant, converted in Canada from Roman Catholicism, who carries his Bible to the cafÃ©. I told him that when my father was alive, our house had Bible meetings for our Filipino Baptist community. I told Greg that I'm Buddhist. I talked to him about Buddhism and Daoism, this latter of which he knew little. I'm glad to meet a Filipino, like me, who came to Canada very young and has lived in Canada for a vaster period.
I've seen Mt. Fuji.
I've seen Tom and Mary do some remarkable things.
I've seen Tom and Mary do that before.
I've seen Tom and Mary do that several times.
I've seen Tom and Mary do that.
I've seen Tom and Mary help people.
I've seen Tom around.
I've seen Tom at work.
I've seen Tom cry.
I've seen Tom dance many times.
I've seen Tom dance.
I've seen Tom do it before.
I've seen Tom do it.
I've seen Tom do some amazing things.
I've seen Tom do some pretty remarkable things.
I've seen Tom do some really amazing things.
I've seen Tom do some remarkable things.
I've seen Tom do that a few times.
I've seen Tom do that before.
I've seen Tom do that many times.
I've seen Tom do that several times.
I've seen Tom do that.
I've seen Tom do the impossible.
I've seen Tom doing it.
I've seen Tom doing that.
I've seen Tom fairly often.
I've seen Tom fairly recently.
I've seen Tom help people.
I've seen Tom here before.
I've seen Tom in action.
I've seen Tom in concert three times.
I've seen Tom naked.
I've seen Tom on TV many times.
I've seen Tom once or twice.
I've seen Tom play basketball.
I've seen Tom play guitar with his band.
I've seen Tom play peek-a-boo with his baby.
I've seen Tom quite recently.
I've seen Tom relatively recently.
I've seen Tom several times this week.
I've seen Tom swim.
I've seen Tom's birth certificate.
I've seen Tom's death certificate.
I've seen Tom.
I've seen a couple of Kurosawa's films.
I've seen a couple of horror movies recently.
I've seen a few episodes.
I've seen a few.
I've seen a flying saucer.
I've seen a goat!
I've seen a live whale once.
I've seen a live whale.
I've seen a lot of Tom recently.
I've seen a lot of changes here.
I've seen a lot of changes.
I've seen a lot of cool things.
I've seen a lot of good-looking men in Australia.
I've seen a lot of good-looking women in Australia.
I've seen a lot of him recently.
I've seen a lot of strange things in my life.
I've seen a lot of things.
I've seen a lot worse.
I've seen a lot.
I've seen a one-legged man.
I've seen a panda once.
I've seen a shooting star once.
I've seen a similar one.
I've seen all I want to see in Boston.
I've seen all I want to see.
I've seen all his movies.
I've seen all my movies.
I've seen all that.
I've seen all your movies.
I've seen an angel once.
I've seen an article on the Tatoeba blog about a new version coming soon. Have you read it?
I've seen better days.
I've seen better years.
I've seen better.
I've seen children die.
I've seen crazier things.
I've seen dolphins smarter than you.
I've seen dragons with my own eyes.
I've seen enough for now.
I've seen enough of him.
I've seen enough.
I've seen everything I want to see in Boston.
I've seen everything.
I've seen for myself how much damage an earthquake can do.
I've seen hardly any bees this year.
I've seen her around, but I've never talked to her.
I've seen her around.
I've seen her before.
I've seen her do it before.
I've seen her here before.
I've seen her naked before.
I've seen her naked.
I've seen her on TV many times.
I've seen her picture.
I've seen her with my own eyes.
I've seen her.
I've seen him around a lot lately.
I've seen him around.
I've seen him before.
I've seen him do it before.
I've seen him here before.
I've seen him naked before.
I've seen him naked.
I've seen him on TV many times.
I've seen him several times.
I've seen him with my own eyes and heard him with my own ears.
I've seen him with my own eyes.
I've seen him.
I've seen how badly Tom dances.
I've seen how smart you are.
I've seen how well you treat Tom.
I've seen how you look at her with your puppy eyes.
I've seen it a million times.
I've seen it all.
I've seen it before.
I've seen it done.
I've seen it happen before.
I've seen it happen too many times already.
I've seen it happen.
I've seen it many times.
I've seen it myself.
I've seen it so much that it doesn't even bother me anymore.
I've seen it somewhere before.
I've seen it with my own eyes.
I've seen it.
I've seen just now that the ambassador of Saudi Arabia has resigned.
I've seen loads of concerts.
I've seen many things.
I've seen much of him recently.
I've seen my dog sneeze but never my cat.
I've seen my share of death.
I've seen nobody apart from you.
I've seen nobody except you.
I've seen one like that.
I've seen one many times.
I've seen one of these before.
I've seen one similar.
I've seen other people do it.
I've seen our dog sneeze, but not our cat.
I've seen pandas at zoos.
I've seen people do that.
I've seen people doing that.
I've seen photographs of her from ten years ago.
I've seen pictures of Tom standing in front of the Eiffel Tower.
I've seen pictures of it.
I've seen pictures of you drunk.
I've seen plenty of Tom.
I've seen quite a few interesting sites.
I've seen several accidents in front of my house.
I've seen several difficulties.
I've seen several of his movies.
I've seen similar statements.
I've seen smarter cabinets at IKEA.
I've seen some crazy things.
I've seen some of Tom's paintings.
I've seen something I shouldn't have seen.
I've seen something else.
I've seen something like that somewhere.
I've seen something like this before.
I've seen something like this before. I know what it is.
I've seen something similar to this happen before.
I've seen stranger things.
I've seen that before.
I've seen that bloke somewhere.
I've seen that face before.
I've seen that face somewhere before.
I've seen that fella somewhere.
I've seen that guy before, but I can't remember where.
I've seen that guy somewhere.
I've seen that happen many times before.
I've seen that happen many times.
I've seen that happen so many times that it doesn't bother me anymore.
I've seen that look before.
I've seen that look before. It was the piercing look of someone who distrusts everyone. The same look I saw when I looked at myself in the mirror.
I've seen that movie a hundred times.
I've seen that movie before.
I've seen that movie many times, but I'd like to see it again.
I've seen that movie three times.
I've seen that movie, but Tom and Mary haven't.
I've seen that movie, but Tom hasn't.
I've seen that one around.
I've seen that picture before.
I've seen that somewhere.
I've seen that wagging tail before.
I've seen that woman somewhere before, but I can't think where.
I've seen that, too.
I've seen that.
I've seen the dog.
I've seen the error of my ways.
I've seen the face of mercilessness.
I've seen the film many times, but I'd like to see it again.
I've seen the guy somewhere.
I've seen the houses from a distance.
I've seen the incident for a short time.
I've seen the light.
I've seen the movie twice from start to finish.
I've seen the picture before.
I've seen the price tag.
I've seen the secret to this magic trick online.
I've seen the way Tom and Mary look at John.
I've seen the way Tom flirts with you.
I've seen the way Tom looks at Mary.
I've seen the way Tom looks at you.
I've seen the way guys look at you.
I've seen the way he looks at you.
I've seen the way she looks at you.
I've seen the way you look at Tom.
I've seen the way you look at her. As much as you tell me you don't like her, you're not fooling anyone.
I've seen them all.
I've seen them around.
I've seen them before.
I've seen them do it before.
I've seen them here before.
I've seen them naked.
I've seen them on TV many times.
I've seen them somewhere before.
I've seen them theorise. They're willing to jump to conclusions very quickly.
I've seen them twice this month.
I've seen them, at least, and they are safe.
I've seen them.
I've seen these pictures before.
I've seen these pictures.
I've seen things I wished I hadn't seen.
I've seen things a lot more impressive than this.
I've seen things no one should ever see.
I've seen things you people wouldn't believe.
I've seen things.
I've seen this a hundred times.
I've seen this a thousand times.
I've seen this before.
I've seen this episode.
I've seen this face before.
I've seen this film several times.
I've seen this happen many times before.
I've seen this happen once or twice.
I've seen this happen over and over again.
I've seen this image before.
I've seen this kind of thing before.
I've seen this kind of thing happen before.
I've seen this movie already.
I've seen this movie at least three times already.
I've seen this movie before.
I've seen this movie many times.
I've seen this movie several times.
I've seen this movie three times.
I've seen this movie twice.
I've seen this movie.
I've seen this picture before.
I've seen this somewhere before.
I've seen this.
I've seen those men somewhere before.
I've seen three wars.
I've seen too much.
I've seen very little of that.
I've seen what Tom can do.
I've seen what happens to anyone who goes up against Tom.
I've seen what happens to anyone who opposes Tom.
I've seen what happens when you don't follow the rules.
I've seen what you can do.
I've seen worse.
I've seen you around.
I've seen you at the school yesterday.
I've seen you before, but I can't remember where.
I've seen you before.
I've seen you cry.
I've seen you dance.
I've seen you do amazing things.
I've seen you do it before.
I've seen you do that before.
I've seen you do that several times.
I've seen you do that.
I've seen you doing that.
I've seen you fight.
I've seen you here before.
I've seen you kiss Tom.
I've seen you on TV many times.
I've seen you on TV.
I've seen you play tennis.
I've seen you playing music at Chuck's Bar and Grill.
I've seen you riding a unicycle.
I've seen you someplace.
I've seen you somewhere before.
I've seen you somewhere.
I've seen you with Tom.
I've seen you with her.
I've seen you with him.
I've seen you with them.
I've seen your driver's license.
I've seen your file.
I've seen your record.
I've seen your resume and am very impressed.
I've segmented 480 Hebrew sentences audio files.
I've sent Grandad that letter.
I've sent Tom an email about that and I'm waiting for his reply.
I've sent Tom an email about that and I'm waiting on his reply.
I've sent Tom and Mary presents.
I've sent Tom home.
I've sent Tom to the supermarket to buy some eggs.
I've sent a letter to my mother.
I've sent a package to you.
I've sent for a doctor.
I've sent for the doctor.
I've sent her home.
I've sent him home.
I've sent it by Post.
I've sent my friend a message.
I've sent my girlfriend a message.
I've sent my mother a letter.
I've sent presents to Tom and Mary.
I've sent them home.
I've sent you a package.
I've sent you something.
I've set my alarm to go off at 2:30.
I've set my alarm to go off in three hours.
I've set out a table under a beautiful tree behind the cottage.
I've set the stage so now you just have to show some guts, OK?
I've set up a meeting.
I've several jobs to finish.
I've severed communications.
I've shamed my good name and ruined myself.
I've shaved my legs.
I've shed many tears, my lord.
I've shopped here for ages.
I've shown Tom around Boston.
I've shut all six windows.
I've signed the cheque.
I've signed up for a French class.
I've signed up for a class at the gym.
I've simplified it a bit.
I've simplified it a little bit.
I've since changed my mind.
I've since realised that I'd misunderstood you.
I've sinned.
I've slept enough already.
I've slept like a log.
I've slept well all night.
I've slept.
I've slightly rewritten my resume.
I've slimmed down.
I've smelled this smell somewhere before.
I've so wanted to spend this day with you at the beach!
I've sobered up a bit.
I've sobered up.
I've sold a lot of cars.
I've sold all of my old books.
I've sold my old guitar.
I've sold the house.
I've sold the picture for 20,000 yen.
I've sold the rug.
I've sold thirty tickets so far.
I've solved all the problems.
I've solved it.
I've solved that problem.
I've solved the mystery.
I've solved the problem.
I've solved your problem.
I've some friends from jail who can help me do that.
I've some letters I must finish by post-time.
I've some minutes left.
I've something interesting to tell you that you might find surprising.
I've sometimes taken time off work to watch the Super Bowl.
I've sort of got used to it.
I've sort of got used to the weather.
I've sorted 32,000 of the sentences in Chinese to create a list of sentences for learners of the language.
I've sought advice from a medical professional.
I've spared no expense in building the house.
I've spent $500 a day.
I've spent 500 dollars in one day.
I've spent a lot more time with Tom than with Mary.
I've spent a lot of my life struggling needlessly.
I've spent a lot of time doing that.
I've spent a lot of time here.
I've spent a lot of time in Australia.
I've spent a lot of time in Boston.
I've spent a lot of time in casinos.
I've spent a lot of time in hospitals.
I've spent a lot of time in my garden.
I've spent a lot of time in that store.
I've spent a lot of time on the beach.
I've spent a lot of time on this.
I've spent a lot of time thinking about this.
I've spent a lot of time trying to fix this.
I've spent a lot of time with Tom, and I've gotten to know him quite well.
I've spent a lot of time with Tom.
I've spent a lot.
I've spent a week in Istanbul.
I've spent all afternoon doing that.
I've spent all but thirty dollars of the money my father gave me.
I've spent all but thirty dollars of the money that my father gave me.
I've spent all day at the library.
I've spent all morning in line.
I've spent all my money.
I've spent all my savings.
I've spent all the money you gave me.
I've spent all the money.
I've spent almost all my money.
I've spent an entire hour waiting for my friend.
I've spent enough time here that I already know I don't want to live here.
I've spent hours in trying to do that.
I've spent many days doing this.
I've spent many evenings talking with Tom.
I've spent most of my life here in Australia.
I've spent most of my life here in Boston.
I've spent most of my life here.
I've spent most of my life in Australia.
I've spent most of my life in Boston.
I've spent my last few summers in Australia.
I've spent my last few summers in Boston.
I've spent my life searching for somebody like you.
I've spent my life searching for someone like you.
I've spent my whole life in Boston.
I've spent my whole life looking for someone like you.
I've spent my whole life trying to help others.
I've spent several weeks at the hospital.
I've spent so many years as chairman that I feel it's time I stepped down.
I've spent some time doing that.
I've spent some time in Boston.
I've spent some time in Latin America, I've done some studies of Spanish, and I can get by in Spanish, but I can't say I'm fluent.
I've spent the entire morning cleaning my room.
I've spent the last few days in the hospital.
I've spent the last few years in solitude.
I've spent the last three days with Tom.
I've spent the morning writing letters.
I've spent the past few months training to run a marathon.
I've spent the whole day waiting for a phone call from him.
I've spent three times as much money as you have.
I've spent time at Tom's place.
I've spent time here before.
I've spent time in Australia.
I've spent time in Boston.
I've spent too much time working on this.
I've spent two months in Japan before.
I've spent way too much time thinking about this problem.
I've spent â‚¹8,500 this month so far.
I've spoken amply about the project.
I've spoken in French with Tom many times.
I've spoken in support of this before.
I've spoken to Mary and she says she's OK.
I've spoken to Mary and she's OK.
I've spoken to Mary and she's fine.
I've spoken to Tom about it.
I've spoken to Tom about that already.
I've spoken to Tom about that.
I've spoken to Tom already.
I've spoken to Tom and he says Mary is OK.
I've spoken to Tom and he says he's OK.
I've spoken to Tom and he's OK.
I've spoken to Tom and he's fine.
I've spoken to Tom several times.
I've spoken to Tom's doctors.
I've spoken to Tom.
I've spoken to everyone.
I've spoken to friends.
I've spoken to her about it.
I've spoken to her about you.
I've spoken to him about it.
I've spoken to people about it.
I've spoken to some friends about this.
I've spoken to some friends.
I've spoken to them about it.
I've spoken to your parents about your behavior.
I've spoken to your teachers.
I've spoken with Tom about this.
I've spoken with Tom more than once.
I've spoken with Tom.
I've spoken with her.
I've spoken with him.
I've spoken with them.
I've sprained my ankle and it hurts to walk.
I've sprained my ankle several times.
I've sprained my ankle.
I've staked out places for us in the front row of the auditorium.
I've started Android programming.
I've started a new project and I'm hoping for your help.
I've started already.
I've started bleeding.
I've started dating again.
I've started doing my homework already.
I've started doing that again.
I've started doing that.
I've started drinking again.
I've started eating meat again.
I've started enjoying painting again lately.
I've started exercising more intensively for a shorter amount of time.
I've started getting ready.
I've started getting up earlier.
I've started going out with Tom.
I've started keeping a journal.
I've started learning French.
I've started learning how to drive.
I've started learning how to play the guitar.
I've started looking for a new apartment.
I've started playing guitar again.
I've started playing sports again.
I've started reading novels in French.
I've started reading the book Tom lent me.
I've started reading the book that Tom lent me.
I've started screening my calls.
I've started smoking again.
I've started studying French.
I've started teaching my kids to surf.
I've started to learn French.
I've started to prepare breakfast.
I've started to read the book.
I've started to respect Tom.
I've started to see things differently.
I've started to see things in a different way.
I've started writing a book.
I've started writing a novel.
I've started writing another book.
I've started writing another musical.
I've stayed away too long.
I've stayed in Boston for three days.
I've stayed in touch with Tom.
I've stayed quietly in my corner doing my stuff.
I've steeled myself to face a certain amount of sacrifice, effort and hardship if that's what it takes to fulfill my dream.
I've still got a lot of work to do.
I've still got a lot to learn.
I've still got my records.
I've still got my vinyl.
I've still got paperwork to do.
I've still got some time.
I've still got them.
I've still got things to do.
I've still got time.
I've still got to do my job.
I've still got to paint the ceilings.
I've still got to pick Tom up from school.
I've still got to take my pills.
I've still got work to do.
I've still not booked my flights to Germany.
I've stolen the ashtray from the restaurant.
I've stood by Tom and he's stood by me.
I've stopped believing in God.
I've stopped buying meat there.
I've stopped counting.
I've stopped doing that.
I've stopped drinking beer.
I've stopped drinking coffee.
I've stopped drinking.
I've stopped going downtown.
I've stopped it.
I've stopped paying attention to arrogant, materialistic and unpleasant people.
I've stopped watching the news.
I've stopped worrying about it.
I've stopped.
I've stored the wheat.
I've struggled a lot in my life to keep my affections.
I've struggled a lot with mental illness.
I've studied English for five years.
I've studied French for a few months.
I've studied French for a few years.
I've studied French for a long time.
I've studied French for several years.
I've studied French for three months.
I've studied French for three years.
I've studied French for years.
I've studied French since I was thirteen.
I've studied French, remember?
I've studied French, too.
I've studied French.
I've studied Italian for a few months.
I've studied Japanese for five years.
I've studied Korean hard.
I've studied it all in detail.
I've studied it.
I've studied the Spanish language, and I've learned many things about the geography, history, and literature of Spanish-speaking countries, but until now, I've never had the opportunity to talk to people from those countries.
I've studied the whole night, and now I feel sleepy.
I've studied you.
I've studied your data.
I've stumbled.
I've subscribed to the service, but I still haven't utilized it with anyone.
I've succeeded in doing it.
I've suddenly lost my appetite.
I've suddenly lost weight.
I've suddenly started to gain weight.
I've suffered a lot.
I've suffered as much as you have.
I've suffered as much as you.
I've suffered enough.
I've suffered from an inferiority complex for several years.
I've suffered terribly.
I've suffered.
I've sung all my life.
I've sung that song a few times.
I've sung this next song many times.
I've survived a lot of things.
I've survived worse than that.
I've swept all the rooms.
I've swept the floor.
I've switched off romaji in Duolingo.
I've taken a big risk.
I've taken a job as a substitute teacher.
I've taken care of everything.
I've taken care of it.
I've taken care of that.
I've taken everything into consideration.
I've taken it upon myself to expand my vocabulary.
I've taken medicine, so I'm OK now.
I've taken medicine, so I'm fine now.
I've taken nothing.
I've taken precautions.
I've taken some medicine for my stomach ache.
I've taken the HSK and achieved the highest level.
I've taken the bins out.
I've taken the first step.
I've taken the plunge.
I've taken the same personality test twice, and last year it said I was introverted, but this year it said I was extroverted.
I've taken the watch to a watchmaker to be repaired. I can pick it up tomorrow.
I've taken up painting recently.
I've taken you off the list.
I've talked it over with Tom.
I've talked to Tom a couple of times about that already.
I've talked to Tom a couple of times.
I've talked to Tom a few times.
I've talked to Tom about it.
I've talked to Tom already.
I've talked to Tom before.
I've talked to Tom.
I've talked to her.
I've talked to him.
I've talked to them.
I've talked to you about this before.
I've talked to you before.
I've talked to your friend.
I've talked to your parents.
I've talked with Tom about that already.
I've taught French for three years.
I've taught Tom everything I know.
I've taught here for three years.
I've taught my dog to sit up and beg.
I've taught my parrot to speak Welsh.
I've taught myself to play the guitar.
I've temporarily taken the place of the quality manager while he is in hospital and after.
I've tested these towels myself and they're terrific.
I've thanked Tom for the present.
I've thought a lot about it.
I've thought a lot about this.
I've thought a lot about what you said.
I've thought about her often.
I've thought about it recently.
I've thought about it, and what we're doing is just not right, so let's break up after today.
I've thought about it.
I've thought about that a lot.
I've thought about the question.
I've thought about this a great deal.
I've thought about this a lot.
I've thought about this carefully.
I've thought about this for a long time.
I've thought about you a lot.
I've thought about you all day.
I've thought about you lot.
I've thought it over.
I've thought long and hard about it, and I've come to the conclusion that you're right.
I've thought long and hard about it.
I've thought long and hard about this.
I've thought long and hard over this.
I've thought of everything.
I've thought of it a lot.
I've thought of quitting many times.
I've thought of that.
I've thrown away the old newspapers.
I've thrown that away already.
I've thrown the old newspapers away.
I've tidied a bit.
I've tidied up a bit.
I've to go now, but I'll come back.
I've to suck the bread.
I've told Tom about it.
I've told Tom all about Mary.
I've told Tom all about you.
I've told Tom already.
I've told Tom everything I've told you.
I've told Tom everything.
I've told Tom exactly what I've told you.
I've told Tom how I feel.
I've told Tom many times that smoking is bad for his health.
I've told Tom not to do that.
I've told Tom the truth.
I've told Tom where Mary is.
I've told Tom where to meet us.
I've told Tom where we are.
I've told Tom why I need to do that.
I've told Tom why I ought to do that.
I've told Tom why I should do that.
I've told Tom why I want to do that.
I've told Tom why Mary needs to do that.
I've told Tom why Mary ought do that.
I've told Tom why Mary should do that.
I've told Tom why Mary wants to do that.
I've told Tom why he needs to do that.
I've told Tom why he should do that.
I've told Tom.
I've told a lot of lies.
I've told a whole lot of lies and I don't want you to talk to them because I'll never remember what I've said.
I've told her all about you.
I've told her everything.
I've told her repeatedly not to follow dishonest people!
I've told her where to meet us.
I've told her where we are.
I've told her.
I've told him all about you.
I've told him before that the best solution for him is to seek out actual friends who will console him when he needs emotional support, instead of broadcasting on Fig Hunter, for reasons everyone should know by now. He already has his introvert site! Why should he feel the need to keep talking about his feelings on Fig Hunter when he already knows what will come of it? I understand that he considers Fig Hunter his "home", and the members therein his "guests". However, Pseudo didn't conduct himself as the most gracious host, either. He argued with people and openly called them names. Whether or not he is justified in doing so is irrelevant. What matters is that he doesn't have the time to be doing things like this. Talking back at these people is a complete waste of his time, when he could and should be working on his games or art or studying for university.
I've told him everything.
I've told him where to meet us.
I've told him where we are.
I've told him.
I've told my old friends I'm still the same person inside.
I've told the police.
I've told the truth.
I've told them all about you.
I've told them all that I was sorry.
I've told them all to come.
I've told them everything.
I've told them not to do that.
I've told them where to meet us.
I've told them where we are.
I've told you I don't want to see you in this house.
I've told you I said everything I knew.
I've told you I'm fine.
I've told you a billion times to stop exaggerating.
I've told you a dozen times not to do that.
I've told you a hundred times I'm not going to that stupid party.
I've told you a hundred times that I'm not going to that stupid party.
I've told you a hundred times, I'm not going to that stupid party.
I've told you a million times not to exaggerate.
I've told you a million times that you shouldn't exaggerate.
I've told you a million times.
I've told you a thousand times not to do that.
I've told you a thousand times.
I've told you a zillion times not to do that.
I've told you about Tom.
I've told you about her.
I've told you about him.
I've told you about it before.
I've told you about them.
I've told you about this already.
I've told you again and again to be more careful.
I've told you all I can.
I've told you all I know.
I've told you all of this once already.
I've told you all that I can.
I've told you all this before.
I've told you all you need to know.
I've told you before that I don't like that.
I've told you everything I can think of.
I've told you everything I know about Australia.
I've told you everything I know about Tom.
I've told you everything I know.
I've told you everything I remember.
I've told you everything.
I've told you many times.
I've told you my reasons.
I've told you never to come here again.
I've told you no already.
I've told you not to call me Tom.
I've told you not to call me, Tom.
I've told you not to cry.
I've told you not to do that.
I've told you not to give me any hickies!
I've told you not to sing those songs.
I've told you once already that you can't use my car this afternoon.
I've told you over and over again not to do that.
I've told you over and over again not to park your car here.
I've told you so a hundred times.
I've told you so many times that I've lost count.
I've told you that a hundred times.
I've told you that already.
I've told you that because we might just see each other again.
I've told you that before, haven't I?
I've told you that many times already.
I've told you the truth.
I've told you things I've never told anyone else.
I've told you things that I've never told anyone else.
I've told you this before.
