This is a great facility.
This is a great flat!
This is a great gift. Thank you.
This is a great honor.
This is a great idea.
This is a great improvisation.
This is a great invention in a way.
This is a great moment.
This is a great opportunity for Tom to unleash his potential.
This is a great opportunity for you.
This is a great opportunity to increase our market share.
This is a great opportunity.
This is a great party.
This is a great picture.
This is a great place to live.
This is a great place to raise a family.
This is a great place to sight-see.
This is a great place to start.
This is a great place.
This is a great question.
This is a great review.
This is a great rifle to snipe with, if you can handle the recoil.
This is a great song.
This is a great theory.
This is a great time to be alive.
This is a great time-saving gadget for the housewife.
This is a great type of cure.
This is a great victory.
This is a great way to improve your English.
This is a great way to learn Berber.
This is a great way to practice.
This is a great way to start to learn the English language.
This is a great work.
This is a green apple.
This is a green fish.
This is a green notebook.
This is a grievous mistake.
This is a gripping book.
This is a gross violation of privacy.
This is a guide-book to joy. It is for the use of the sad, the bored, the tired, anxious, disheartened and disappointed. It is for the use of all those whose cup of vitality is not brimming over.
This is a guitar case.
This is a habit that must be cultivated.
This is a hack job.
This is a half-eaten olive.
This is a hammer.
This is a hammer. It's not mine; I borrowed it from a friend.
This is a hand towel.
This is a handsaw.
This is a handy little box.
This is a happy occasion.
This is a hard case.
This is a hard job.
This is a hard language to learn.
This is a hard pill to swallow.
This is a hard question to answer.
This is a hard question.
This is a hard story to read.
This is a hard time for both Sami and I.
This is a hard time for both Tom and Mary.
This is a harp.
This is a harpoon.
This is a hat.
This is a hazard to your health.
This is a hazardous workplace.
This is a hazel tree.
This is a health hazard.
This is a healthy trend.
This is a hearing, not a trial.
This is a heartwarming movie.
This is a heartwarming story.
This is a heavily syncopated piece.
This is a heavily wooded area.
This is a heavy-duty machine.
This is a heck of a good question.
This is a hectoliter of wine.
This is a hedgehog.
This is a high intensity light bulb.
This is a high speed train.
This is a high-crime neighborhood.
This is a high-margin business.
This is a high-quality gel.
This is a high-quality multimedia course. I learned to speak English with it in only six months.
This is a high-yield technique.
This is a highly developed civilisation.
This is a highly flammable gas.
This is a highly intriguing phenomenon that will likely be the subject of much research.
This is a highly irregular request.
This is a highly recommended document about Algeria.
This is a highly recommended restaurant.
This is a hilarious story!
This is a hire car.
This is a historic city.
This is a historic moment.
This is a historical examination of the birth of his unique architectural style.
This is a historical moment.
This is a hoe.
This is a hole.
This is a honeycomb.
This is a hopeless scheme.
This is a horrible idea.
This is a horrible thing to say to a man.
This is a horrible thing to say to a woman.
This is a horrible tragedy.
This is a horrible website.
This is a horror staple - young men and women spend a night of terror in an isolated house.
This is a horse.
This is a horseshoe magnet.
This is a hospital.
This is a hotel, not a brothel.
This is a hotel.
This is a hotly debated topic in Algeria.
This is a house and that is a mosque.
This is a house of crazies!
This is a house to let, not to be sold.
This is a house.
This is a huge coincidence.
This is a huge deal.
This is a huge development.
This is a huge honor.
This is a huge house.
This is a huge loss.
This is a huge mistake.
This is a huge no-no.
This is a huge problem.
This is a huge step forward for me.
This is a huge step forward for us.
This is a huge step, Ziri.
This is a huge tourist attraction in Algeria.
This is a huge undertaking.
This is a huge waste of time.
This is a human embryo.
This is a human rights violation.
This is a human tragedy.
This is a humorous variation of a proverb.
This is a hundred dollar bill.
This is a hundred-dollar bill.
This is a hybrid.
This is a jar.
This is a jazzy chord progression.
This is a jellyfish.
This is a job for life.
This is a job that has to be done.
This is a joke worth remembering.
This is a joke, right?
This is a joke.
This is a kanzashi.
This is a key factor to understand Algeria.
This is a key.
This is a killing machine.
This is a kind of animal that lives in the sea.
This is a kind of bread.
This is a kind of food.
This is a kind of love letter.
This is a kind of watermelon.
This is a kitchen knife.
This is a kitsune.
This is a knife.
This is a known problem and I will try to find the reason for this.
This is a komodo dragon.
This is a labor of love.
This is a lamppost.
This is a lance.
This is a large house.
This is a large quantity of bread.
This is a large speckled brown egg.
This is a larid.
This is a law, so it applies to everybody.
This is a law.
This is a lawsuit waiting to happen.
This is a layer of soil that is permanently frozen, and in some places it's many feet deep.
This is a layer of soil that is permanently frozen, and in some places it’s many feet deep.
This is a learning opportunity.
This is a leather armchair.
This is a leather belt.
This is a legal gray area.
This is a lemon tree.
This is a lesson for me.
This is a lesson we have to learn.
This is a lethal trap.
This is a letter from Australia.
This is a letter from Canada.
This is a letter from Tom.
This is a letter from my friend.
This is a letter from my old teacher.
This is a letter from one of my friends.
This is a letter from the 15th century.
This is a letter in Ryo's handwriting.
This is a letter of Ryo's in his own handwriting.
This is a letter of Ryo’s in his own handwriting.
This is a letter.
This is a library.
This is a lie and you know it.
This is a lie.
This is a life-sized statue.
This is a light sauce.
This is a lime tree.
This is a limited edition signed by the author.
This is a limited time offer to new customers only.
This is a limited-time offer.
This is a linguistically diverse region.
This is a linguistically homogeneous region.
This is a lion.
This is a list of Berber adjectives.
This is a list of Berber verbs.
This is a list of endangered animals.
This is a list of error messages.
This is a list of everything that you should bring with you.
This is a list of hot topics.
This is a list of our diplomatic passport holders.
This is a list of patients on this floor.
This is a list of people we are looking for.
This is a list of products that we don't make anymore.
This is a list of the highest-selling books from the past month.
This is a list of the ingredients.
This is a list of the medications that Tom takes.
This is a list of the people who came to the party.
This is a list of things I have to do.
This is a list of things I need to do today.
This is a list of things I need to do.
This is a list of things I want to do.
This is a list of things that have to be done by Monday.
This is a list of things that must be done by Monday.
This is a list of things that we need to buy.
This is a list of things we need to buy.
This is a list of things we need to do.
This is a list of what I want for Christmas.
This is a list of what needs to be done.
This is a list of what we need.
This is a list of words that are likely to appear on the exam.
This is a list of your chores.
This is a listed building.
This is a lithium ion.
This is a little bit embarrassing.
This is a little bit strange.
This is a little bit too loose around my waist.
This is a little book.
This is a little complicated.
This is a little confusing.
This is a little different from what I want.
This is a little difficult for me to say.
This is a little dirty.
This is a little gift for you.
This is a little more complicated than I expected.
This is a little ridiculous.
This is a little salty.
This is a little something I bought for you.
This is a little tradition we have.
This is a little tricky.
This is a little vague.
This is a little weird.
This is a live broadcast.
This is a lively street.
This is a load of rubbish.
This is a local custom.
This is a long letter.
This is a long list.
This is a long pencil.
This is a long process.
This is a long shot.
This is a long tough road we have to travel.
This is a long-standing problem.
This is a lot dearer.
This is a lot easier than I thought it would be.
This is a lot harder than I thought it would be.
This is a lot more delicious than what Tom usually makes.
This is a lot more expensive.
This is a lot more fun than I thought it would be.
This is a lot more fun than studying.
This is a lot of food.
This is a lot of fun to watch.
This is a lot of fun, isn't it?
This is a lot of fun.
This is a lot of work.
This is a lot to think about. I'll get back to you.
This is a lot.
This is a love song.
This is a lovely jumper.
This is a lovely museum.
This is a lovely surprise.
This is a low end restaurant.
This is a low mountain.
This is a low-budget movie.
This is a low-calorie muffin.
This is a low-margin business.
This is a lucrative investment in Algeria.
This is a luxury bath towel.
This is a luxury towel.
This is a luxury.
This is a lyrical digression.
This is a machine I know nothing about.
This is a magazine for cyclists.
This is a magic broom.
This is a magic broomstick.
This is a magic wand.
This is a magnet.
This is a magnifying glass.
This is a mailbox.
This is a mainly residential area.
This is a major concern.
This is a major crisis.
This is a major environmental disaster.
This is a major issue.
This is a major problem in Algeria.
This is a major problem.
This is a major road to Algiers.
This is a major setback.
This is a man dressed as a woman.
This is a man worthy of respect.
This is a man, that is a woman.
This is a man, this is a woman.
This is a man-made beach.
This is a man-made language.
This is a man.
This is a mango.
This is a map of Algeria's wilayas.
This is a map of Algeria.
This is a map of Algiers.
This is a map of Australia.
This is a map of Boston.
This is a map of Ninohe District.
This is a map of the Toyono district.
This is a map of the city of Boston.
This is a map of the city of Osaka.
This is a map of the city of Sendai.
This is a map which will be useful when traveling by car.
This is a map.
This is a marriage proposal.
This is a mass uprising.
This is a masterpiece.
This is a mat.
This is a matchbox.
This is a matter for the courts.
This is a matter of capital importance.
This is a matter of great importance.
This is a matter of life and death.
This is a matter of life or death.
This is a matter of national security.
This is a matter of supreme importance.
This is a matter of taste.
This is a matter of the utmost gravity.
This is a matter of the utmost importance.
This is a matter of utmost importance.
This is a matter that affects everyone, not just scientists and politicians.
This is a matter that concerns everyone, not just scientists and politicians.
This is a matter worthy of note.
This is a mechanical toy.
This is a medical emergency.
This is a medicine for diarrhoea.
This is a meeting room, it's not an office.
This is a meeting room, not a waiting room.
This is a megaphone.
This is a meme.
This is a memo.
This is a memorandum.
This is a menu.
This is a mere figment of your imagination.
This is a mess.
This is a message for Tom.
This is a message for her.
This is a message for him.
This is a message for them.
This is a message for you.
This is a message from Tom.
This is a metaphor.
This is a microfiber towel.
This is a middle eastern country.
This is a milk frother.
This is a milk roll.
This is a minor injury.
This is a minor issue compared to our big national problems.
This is a miracle sent straight from God.
This is a miracle.
This is a misconception.
This is a misleading description.
This is a mistake students are apt to make.
This is a mistake students often make.
This is a mistake that people often make.
This is a mistake that students often make.
This is a mistake.
This is a misunderstanding.
This is a mobile phone.
This is a mockery of justice.
This is a modern city.
This is a mole.
This is a moment of joy.
This is a mosque.
This is a mosquito.
This is a mountain famous for its scenery.
This is a mouse.
This is a movie for men.
This is a movie that I watch every year.
This is a movie that everybody should see.
This is a movie that promotes American wholesomeness.
This is a movie that you should watch.
This is a movie which combines education with entertainment.
This is a movie worth watching.
This is a movie you should watch.
This is a much higher price than I expected.
This is a much more natural way to learn vocabulary.
This is a mug.
This is a multi-ethnic country.
This is a multi-ethnic state.
This is a multi-language word comparison table.
This is a multi-layer windshield.
This is a multi-storey building.
This is a multilingual city.
This is a multilingual region.
This is a murder of crows.
This is a museum piece!
This is a must-have tool for campers.
This is a mutiny.
This is a mystery to us.
This is a nail.
This is a name.
This is a napkin.
This is a narrow street.
This is a nation that honors our Constitution. We do not reject it. This is a nation that believes in the rule of law. We do not repudiate it. This is a nation that respects free and fair elections. We honor the will of the people. We do not deny it. And this is a nation that rejects violence as a political tool. We do not encourage violence. We are still an America that believes in honesty and decency and respect for others, patriotism, liberty, justice for all, hope, possibilities. We are still, at our core, a democracy.
This is a necessity for production.
This is a neighborhood of working-class people.
This is a nematode worm.
This is a nest.
This is a never-ending task.
This is a new approach.
This is a new beginning.
This is a new bicycle.
This is a new bike.
This is a new blow against the reputation of the automobile manufacturer.
This is a new chapter of my life.
This is a new cinema.
This is a new dictionary.
This is a new experience for Tom.
This is a new experience for me.
This is a new genre for me.
This is a new genre to me.
This is a new idea.
This is a new kind of melon.
This is a new low for you.
This is a new method, apparently.
This is a new model.
This is a new opportunity.
This is a new pair of scissors.
This is a new problem.
This is a new sentence.
This is a new shop that opened last week.
This is a new song called "Lollipop".
This is a new store that opened last week.
This is a new trend.
This is a new type of car.
This is a new variety of heather.
This is a newly minted coin.
This is a news station, we live off the misfortunes of others!
This is a newspaper.
This is a nice apartment.
This is a nice camera.
This is a nice change of pace.
This is a nice craft.
This is a nice feature.
This is a nice jacket.
This is a nice neighborhood.
This is a nice place for a picnic.
This is a nice place to live.
This is a nice place, but I don't want to live here.
This is a nice place, don't you think?
This is a nice place.
This is a nice restaurant.
This is a nice restaurant. Thanks for bringing me here.
This is a nice spot.
This is a nice surprise.
This is a nice towel.
This is a nice way to start the day.
This is a nice way to start the year.
This is a nice-looking campground.
This is a night I won't ever forget.
This is a night I'll never forget.
This is a night Layla will never forget.
This is a nightmare.
This is a no passing zone.
This is a no smoking zone.
This is a no-brainer.
This is a no-go in my moral compass.
This is a no-smoking area.
This is a no-swimming zone.
This is a no-win situation.
This is a non-issue.
This is a non-profit organization.
This is a non-smoking compartment.
This is a non-smoking room.
This is a non-stop flight bound for Tokyo.
This is a nonstandard pronunciation.
This is a nonstick pan.
This is a normal workflow.
This is a note.
This is a notorious junction.
This is a novel he wrote.
This is a novel written by Hemingway.
This is a nut.
This is a nutcracker.
This is a once in a lifetime experience.
This is a once in a lifetime opportunity.
This is a once-in-a-lifetime chance for Jamal.
This is a once-in-a-lifetime chance.
This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
This is a one hundred million dollar stadium.
This is a one-litre bottle.
This is a one-of-a-kind hand-knit rug.
This is a one-shot deal.
This is a one-time use gasket.
This is a one-way street.
This is a pagoda.
This is a paid advertisement.
This is a pain.
This is a painting of the woman I love the most.
This is a painting.
This is a pair of cords I bought forty years ago with the first money I earned. They're pretty threadbare now.
This is a pan.
This is a pansy.
This is a paper ticket.
This is a paradox.
This is a park where a lot of people gather.
This is a parody.
This is a part of life.
This is a part of my work.
This is a partial list of the things we need.
This is a particularly difficult situation.
This is a party for grownups.
This is a pattern that he is surprisingly unaware of.
This is a pay phone.
This is a peaceful place.
This is a peach tree. It's very pretty.
This is a peach.
This is a pear tree.
This is a pear, not an apple.
This is a pear.
This is a pearl necklace.
This is a pebble.
This is a peephole.
This is a pen.
This is a pencil and that is a pen.
This is a pencil case.
This is a pencil drawing.
This is a pencil holder.
This is a pencil.
This is a peppermint patty.
This is a perfect fig.
This is a perfect mattress for you and your spouse.
This is a perfect place for us to pitch our tent.
This is a perfect place to raise a family.
This is a perfect storm.
This is a permanent magnet.
This is a person with limited mobility.
This is a person.
This is a personal and private matter.
This is a personal decision for every person.
This is a personal decision.
This is a personal matter.
This is a pet.
This is a phase that many teens go through.
This is a phenomenon that has repeated itself many times throughout history.
This is a phone case.
This is a phone.
This is a photo of Tom and you.
This is a photo of Tom.
This is a photo of my drawing.
This is a photo of my painting.
This is a photo.
This is a photograph of Mars.
This is a photograph of my drawing.
This is a photograph of my home.
This is a photograph of my painting.
This is a photograph of the airport.
This is a physical endurance test.
This is a piano.
This is a picture I took last week.
This is a picture I took of Tom's house.
This is a picture Vladimir colored when he was just five.
This is a picture frame made of plastic.
This is a picture of Algiers.
This is a picture of Bejaia, Algeria.
This is a picture of Tom and Mary.
This is a picture of Tom and his cat.
This is a picture of Tom and his family.
This is a picture of Tom and his wife.
This is a picture of Tom and me in Boston.
This is a picture of Tom and me when we were students.
This is a picture of Tom and me when we were three years old.
This is a picture of Tom when he was a kid.
This is a picture of Tom's back yard.
This is a picture of Tom's dog.
This is a picture of Tom's family.
This is a picture of Tom's garden.
This is a picture of Tom's house.
This is a picture of Tom's new car.
This is a picture of Tom's wife.
This is a picture of Tom.
This is a picture of Yanni, Skura, and me.
This is a picture of an airport.
This is a picture of her and your husband.
This is a picture of her own painting.
This is a picture of her.
This is a picture of him and her on the beach at sunny Great Yarmouth.
This is a picture of him and her on the beach.
This is a picture of him and my husband.
This is a picture of him.
This is a picture of his own painting.
This is a picture of me when I lived in Kabylie.
This is a picture of me when I was thirteen years old.
This is a picture of me when I was thirteen.
This is a picture of me when I was three years old.
This is a picture of me when I was your age.
This is a picture of me.
This is a picture of my car.
This is a picture of my dog.
This is a picture of my drawing.
This is a picture of my family.
This is a picture of my father and his first wife.
This is a picture of my first car.
This is a picture of my girlfriend.
This is a picture of my grandmother.
This is a picture of my mother.
This is a picture of my own painting.
This is a picture of my painting.
This is a picture of my parents.
This is a picture of my school.
This is a picture of my sister.
This is a picture of my uncle who lives in Australia.
This is a picture of my uncle who lives in Boston.
This is a picture of my wife.
This is a picture of one of my dogs.
This is a picture of one of my paintings.
This is a picture of our first house.
This is a picture of the Opera House in Sydney.
This is a picture of the airport.
This is a picture of the bus we took to Boston.
This is a picture of the car that I restored.
This is a picture of the first car I owned.
This is a picture of the first house we lived in.
This is a picture of the first train that ran between Tokyo and Yokohama.
This is a picture of the guitar I bought last weekend.
This is a picture of the happy couple on their wedding day.
This is a picture of the hotel we stayed at in Australia.
This is a picture of the hotel we stayed at in Boston.
This is a picture of the school library.
This is a picture of the ship I was on.
This is a picture of the ship that Tom and I were on.
This is a picture of the ship that Tom was on.
This is a picture of the train that I was on.
This is a picture of the train that Skura and Mira were on.
This is a picture of the train that Skura was on.
This is a picture of the train that Yanni and Skura were on.
This is a picture of the train that Yanni was on.
This is a picture of the train that he was on.
This is a picture of the train that she was on.
This is a picture of the train that they were on.
This is a picture of the train that we were on.
This is a picture of the woman Tom was dating.
This is a picture of them.
This is a picture of us last Halloween.
This is a picture of us.
This is a picture of what my car looked like before I had it painted.
This is a picture of you.
This is a picture painted by him.
This is a picture that I drew.
This is a picture that he himself drew.
This is a picture that was taken at my birthday party.
This is a picture.
This is a pidgin language.
This is a pie that Tom baked.
This is a piece of cake.
This is a pig.
This is a pillow.
This is a pin.
This is a pineapple.
This is a pinky.
This is a pipe.
This is a pirated copy.
This is a place for business.
This is a place where animals are buried.
This is a place where students hang out.
This is a place you can spend the night tonight.
This is a placid and cozy place.
This is a plan of my own devising.
This is a plan that takes into account your stature and your ability to guard. By all means do it for me.
This is a plant of the species Schlumbergera truncata.
This is a plant unique to this country.
This is a plant.
This is a plastic comb.
This is a plastic cup.
This is a plate.
This is a play on words.
This is a plot hole.
This is a plum tree.
This is a plum.
This is a pocket dictionary.
This is a poem I wrote for you.
This is a poem written by Tom Jackson.
This is a poem written in Scottish dialect.
This is a point often overlooked.
This is a poisonous mushroom.
This is a police investigation.
This is a police station.
This is a polyphonic composition.
This is a pomegranate.
This is a popular artist.
This is a popular district in Algiers.
This is a popular place for picnics.
This is a popular place for young people to meet each other and hang out.
This is a popular place to live.
This is a popular spot for hikers and canoers.
This is a popular tourist spot.
This is a populated area.
This is a portrait of my late father.
This is a posh neighbourhood.
This is a posh part of town.
This is a positive thing.
This is a post office and that is a bank.
This is a post office and that's a bank.
This is a post office, and that's a bank.
This is a post office, and that’s a bank.
This is a pot.
This is a potato.
This is a potential murder.
This is a potion-making class.
This is a powerful laser.
This is a practical book.
This is a practical matter.
This is a pre-condition.
This is a pre-planned operation.
This is a precious chance to get Sammy's autograph.
This is a precious chance to get Sammy’s autograph.
This is a precise and poetic paean to the peregrine.
This is a predominantly African-American mosque.
This is a predominantly Albanian mosque.
This is a predominantly Algerian mosque.
This is a predominantly Berber-speaking city.
This is a predominantly Chechen mosque.
This is a predominantly Egyptian mosque.
This is a predominantly Indian mosque.
This is a predominantly Indo-Pakistani mosque.
This is a predominantly Latino mosque.
This is a predominantly Moroccan mosque.
This is a predominantly Pakistani mosque.
This is a predominantly Somali mosque.
This is a predominantly Turkish mosque.
This is a premeditated act of violence against Muslims.
This is a prerequisite for participating in the competition.
This is a present for Tom.
This is a present for our audience in Algeria.
This is a present for you.
This is a present from a small, distant world, a token of our sounds, our science, our images, our music, our thoughts and our feelings.
This is a present from all of us.
This is a pretty amazing place.
This is a pretty big deal.
This is a pretty cool gift.
This is a pretty dress.
This is a pretty good book.
This is a pretty good camera.
This is a pretty good technique to get rid of English ivy.
This is a pretty nice Halloween party, isn't it?
This is a pretty odd sounding sentence.
This is a pretty rocky area.
This is a pretty safe neighborhood.
This is a pretty stupid question.
This is a pretty town.
This is a pretty view, isn't it?
This is a pretzel.
This is a priceless masterpiece.
This is a priceless treasure to mankind.
This is a prime example.
This is a printed dictionary of Berber.
This is a private car park. Cars parked illegally will be towed away at their owners' expense.
This is a private chat room.
This is a private club.
This is a private conversation.
This is a private family matter.
This is a private matter.
This is a private meeting.
This is a private party.
This is a private road.
This is a pro-Israel narrative. Let's now read some pro-Palestinian narratives written by Jewish and Israeli authors.
This is a problem for elderly people.
This is a problem for young people to solve.
This is a problem of his own making.
This is a problem of your own making.
This is a problem that you need to take care of yourself.
This is a problem we can fix.
This is a problem we must solve.
This is a problem we need to fix.
This is a problem worldwide.
This is a problem you have to solve by yourself.
This is a problem!
This is a problem.
This is a process done on a daily basis by firefighters.
This is a product for men.
This is a product of our own creative activity.
This is a prominent feature in Algerian politics.
This is a proposed hypothesis for an American study.
This is a prose poem, right?
This is a prototype.
This is a proverb that I don't understand.
This is a proverb the meaning of which I do not understand.
This is a proverb the meaning of which I don't know.
This is a proverb the meaning of which I don’t know.
This is a proverb.
This is a public beach.
This is a public place.
This is a public school.
This is a public street, not a racetrack.
This is a pumice stone.
This is a pun.
This is a pure display of machismo.
This is a queer old book I picked up at a stall yesterday—De Jure inter Gentes—published in Latin at Liege in the Lowlands, in 1642.
This is a question I get a lot.
This is a question I should've asked before.
This is a question Mark is actually asked a lot.
This is a question about which I know nothing.
This is a question for Tom.
This is a question of conscience.
This is a question of life or death.
This is a question that I get a lot.
This is a question that I hear being asked a lot.
This is a question that demands more than a simple "yes" or "no" answer.
This is a question that impacts not only science but theology, philosophy and other areas.
This is a question to which a simple answer of "yes" or "no" will not suffice.
This is a quiet cafe. There are only a few people here.
This is a quiet cafe. There aren't many people here.
This is a quiet café. There are only a few people here.
This is a quiet café. There aren't many people here.
This is a quiet neighborhood.
This is a quiet street.
This is a quiz that tells you which US presidential candidate is compatible with you.
This is a quote from the Bible.
This is a quote from the writer's diary.
This is a racket.
This is a rainy day.
This is a random sentence from Tatoeba.
This is a random sentence.
This is a rare and insidious disease.
This is a rare natural phenomenon.
This is a rare opportunity.
This is a rather fatty cut of meat.
This is a rather unusual request.
This is a rather womanly grip.
This is a reaction where charges are transferred by the insertion of ions into a solid host.
This is a real Vuitton.
This is a real beehive.
This is a real breakthrough.
This is a real concern.
This is a real diamond, isn't it?
This is a real diamond.
This is a real fine evening, isn't it? Won't you sit down? How are all your folks?
This is a real mess.
This is a real nightmare.
This is a real popular item.
This is a real steal.
This is a real surprise.
This is a real threat.
This is a real treasure.
This is a really bad omen.
This is a really bad time.
This is a really bad time. Could you come back later?
This is a really beautiful city!
This is a really beautiful place, isn't it?
This is a really beautiful place.
This is a really beautiful spot, isn't it?
This is a really beautiful word.
This is a really big deal for Tom.
This is a really big deal for me.
This is a really big problem.
This is a really big towel.
This is a really catchy song.
This is a really comfortable chair.
This is a really complicated situation.
This is a really cushy job. Mostly I just sit around drinking tea.
This is a really dangerous section of the road.
This is a really difficult situation for us.
This is a really good boat.
This is a really good book!
This is a really good book. You should read it.
This is a really good hospital.
This is a really good picture of you.
This is a really good plan.
This is a really good restaurant.
This is a really good result.
This is a really good show.
This is a really good team.
This is a really good thing, but one comment keeps bothering me.
This is a really good way to start the new year.
This is a really important discovery.
This is a really important job.
This is a really interesting question.
This is a really kind wish.
This is a really lonely stretch of shoreline.
This is a really nice olive oil.
This is a really nice place.
This is a really nice watch.
This is a really screwed-up family.
This is a really serious problem.
This is a really sharp knife.
This is a really stupid joke.
This is a really stupid system.
This is a really stupid thing to do.
This is a really terrible plan.
This is a really tough decision to make, but I think we should give them a second chance.
This is a reasonable price.
This is a recent development.
This is a recent invention.
This is a recipe for disaster.
This is a recreational sport for the idle rich.
This is a rectangle.
This is a recurring issue in many projects.
This is a recurring problem.
This is a reference to the Bible.
This is a reference to the famous saying of Descartes.
This is a refillable card used to pay for the subway system, which Bostonians call the "T."
This is a refreshing change of pace.
This is a regional dialect.
This is a regional pronunciation.
This is a reissue.
This is a relatively widespread misconception.
This is a remake of a classic movie.
This is a remarkable finding.
This is a remarkable place.
This is a reminder that terrorism hasn't gone away.
This is a rental car.
This is a replica of a dinosaur's egg.
This is a representative, not a comprehensive, list of various types of vaccines.
This is a reprinting of an article by Albert Memmi, a great Tunisian Jewish decolonial writer.
This is a reptile.
This is a resigning government.
This is a responsibility I share with Tom.
This is a restricted area.
This is a reticulated giraffe.
This is a retouched photograph.
This is a revolt against Tom.
This is a rhinoceros.
This is a rich girl.
This is a ridiculous argument.
This is a right pain in the arse.
This is a ring my grandmother wore.
This is a ring.
This is a riot.
This is a rip-off.
This is a risqué site.
This is a road map.
This is a robbery!
This is a robot from the future.
This is a rock.
This is a rocky path.
This is a roll of toilet paper.
This is a room.
This is a rose.
This is a rotten apple.
This is a rough draft.
This is a rough game.
This is a rough neighborhood.
This is a rough world we are living in.
This is a rule.
This is a rush order.
This is a sacred place.
This is a sad story.
This is a safe place.
This is a safe space for platypuses.
This is a safe space.
This is a salmon that came up the river.
This is a sample.
This is a satellite image of Algeria.
This is a satirical story.
This is a saw.
This is a scalpel.
This is a scam.
This is a scary place.
This is a scary road to drive.
This is a scary situation.
This is a school.
This is a science fiction book.
This is a scientifically proven fact.
This is a scientist who is respected by all.
This is a scientist whom everyone respects.
This is a screw.
This is a screwdriver.
This is a seagull.
This is a seal.
This is a secondary criterion.
This is a secret I promised not to say.
This is a secret just between you and me, so don't let it slip out.
This is a secret just between you and me, so don’t let it slip out.
This is a secret that must be kept between us.
This is a secret that only we know.
This is a secret you must keep.
This is a secret, so please don't tell anybody.
This is a secret, so please don't tell anyone.
This is a secret.
This is a secret. Keep it to yourself.
This is a sector of monumental importance for Algeria.
This is a seeming contradiction.
This is a self-serving argument.
This is a sensible approach.
This is a sensitive issue.
This is a sensitive subject in Algeria.
This is a sensitive topic, so we have to approach this discussion with civility and maturity.
This is a sentence that I don't know how to translate.
This is a sentence that has the syllable count of a good haiku.
This is a sentence that has the syllable count of a haiku.
This is a sentence that is being randomly displayed through Tatoeba.
This is a sentence which comprises forty-five letters.
This is a sentence, that has the syllable count, of a good haiku.
This is a sentence, that has the syllable count, of a haiku.
This is a sentence.
This is a series of videos where you can learn toki pona.
This is a serious accusation.
This is a serious and big storm.
This is a serious breach of trust.
This is a serious case of negligence.
This is a serious crime.
This is a serious escalation between Algeria and Morocco.
This is a serious issue for us.
This is a serious issue.
This is a serious matter.
This is a serious medicine.
This is a serious mistake.
This is a serious oversight.
This is a serious problem.
This is a serious question.
This is a serious risk.
This is a serious setback.
This is a serious situation.
This is a serious song!
This is a set expression.
This is a set phrase of his.
This is a seven year old boy.
This is a shady garden.
This is a shallow pond.
This is a sham.
This is a shame.
This is a ship.
This is a shitty bar.
This is a short term solution.
This is a sick joke.
This is a sieve.
This is a sign of decreasing morality in this country.
This is a sign of recovery, not just of temporary relief.
This is a sign.
This is a significant change.
This is a significant event.
This is a significant finding.
This is a silly example, i.e. it exemplifies something silly.
This is a silver coin.
This is a simple declarative sentence.
This is a simple free counter. You can create as many counters as you want to count everything you want. Application also allows creating countdown counters.
This is a simple sentence.
This is a singable melody.
This is a single-use kit to repair windshield chips.
This is a situation I don't want to deal with now.
This is a situation where people do the best they can.
This is a sketch of Tom.
This is a skirt.
This is a skunk den.
This is a slam dunk.
This is a slap in the face for us.
This is a slow but certain way.
This is a slug.
This is a small acknowledgement of your kindness.
This is a small book in which to treat of so large a subject, and to avoid prolixity I have had to generalise.
This is a small book.
This is a small border town.
This is a small button.
This is a small company.
This is a small house, but it will do for us.
This is a small library.
This is a small room.
This is a small token of my gratitude.
This is a small token of respect and love.
This is a small town.
This is a small tribute to all my teachers.
This is a small village.
This is a smoke-free environment.
This is a smooth wine which goes down easy.
This is a smooth wine, which goes down easy.
This is a smooth wine.
This is a snail.
This is a snapshot of my wife on the beach.
This is a sobering reminder that attacks on any American—regardless of race, ethnicity, religion or sexual orientation—is an attack on all of us and on the fundamental values of equality and dignity that define us as a country.
This is a social issue.
This is a socio-linguistic study on Steven Emmet.
This is a socio-linguistic study on the Japanese language.
This is a sociological study on abortion.
This is a socket.
This is a solid take on the original.
This is a solution.
This is a somewhat new experience to Ziri.
This is a song I learned when I was a child.
This is a song I learned when I was a kid.
This is a song about hope.
This is a song that Tom and I wrote together.
This is a song that's popular right now.
This is a song which is popular now.
This is a song.
This is a sophisticated instrument.
This is a sorcerer.
This is a souvenir from Australia.
This is a souvenir from Hokkaido.
This is a souvenir from Yumi.
This is a souvenir from miss Yumi.
This is a spam e-mail.
This is a spam email.
This is a spear.
This is a special day for Tom and Mary.
This is a special day for all of us.
This is a special day, isn't it?
This is a special edition. You can't touch it.
This is a special occasion.
This is a special place.
This is a special rush order.
This is a species of mollusk.
This is a splendid house.
This is a spoon.
This is a spotted dog.
This is a stadium.
This is a state school.
This is a statue of Jupiter.
This is a statue of Mercury.
This is a statue of Minerva.
This is a statue of Neptune.
This is a statue of Pluto.
This is a statue of Saturn.
This is a statue of Venus.
This is a steam turbine.
This is a step in the right direction.
This is a stick-up! Hand over all ya' got or you're fuckin' dead!
This is a stick-up! Stay calm and nothing will happen to you!
This is a sticky situation.
This is a stolen vehicle.
This is a stone pillar.
This is a stop watch made in Japan.
This is a store that caters specially to students.
This is a storm in a tea-cup.
This is a story Ziri told me some time ago.
This is a story about Tom.
This is a story about a cat.
This is a story about a little boy named Tom.
This is a story about a loyal dog.
This is a story about friendship between a young boy and an elderly woman.
This is a story about love and friendship.
This is a story about stars.
This is a story full of intrigue, love, betrayal and secrets.
This is a story of a century and a half ago.
This is a story of forbidden love.
This is a story of love and betrayal.
This is a story of love and friendship.
This is a story worth remembering.
This is a story written from a dog's point of view.
This is a story written in English.
This is a story written in French.
This is a story written in easy English.
This is a story written in simple English.
This is a story-telling.
This is a straightforward case.
This is a strange behaviour when it comes to rats.
This is a strange kind of fish.
This is a strange sentence.
This is a strap.
This is a strapless bra.
This is a strategy that has been going on for a long time.
This is a street where these types of birds are usually sold.
This is a street.
This is a stressful job.
This is a stressful situation.
This is a string instrument.
This is a stupid design.
This is a stupid game.
This is a stupid idea.
This is a stupid question.
This is a sturdy handrail.
This is a subject of which I know nothing whatever.
This is a successfully treatable condition.
This is a such good student.
This is a suction cup towel rack. Its suction cups are super strong.
This is a sugar bowl.
This is a suicide mission.
This is a sundial.
This is a sunflower.
This is a superb idea.
This is a superb illustration of how Emmet modified the traditional architectural designs.
This is a support group for widows.
This is a surprise!
This is a surprise.
This is a surprising discovery.
This is a survival mechanism.
This is a swarf.
This is a swordfish.
This is a symbol of Algeria's national pride.
This is a symbol.
This is a synthetic diamond.
This is a synthetic language.
This is a table for six.
This is a table.
This is a tablecloth.
This is a taboo word in Berber.
This is a tailor-made suit.
This is a tangerine.
This is a tape replay of Tebboune's address.
This is a tastefully furnished kitchen.
This is a tasty blueberry tartlet.
This is a tautology.
This is a television.
This is a template.
This is a temporary fix.
This is a temporary mosque.
This is a temporary problem.
This is a tennis ball.
This is a tense moment.
This is a term used to describe the warming of the earth, due to growing amounts of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
This is a terrible climate.
This is a terrible deal.
This is a terrible dictionary.
This is a terrible edition.
This is a terrible idea.
This is a terrible injustice.
This is a terrible mess.
This is a terrible mistake.
This is a terrible plan.
This is a terrible thing to say to a man.
This is a terrible thing to say to a woman.
This is a terrible thing.
This is a terrible tragedy.
This is a terrible umbrella.
This is a territorial animal.
This is a test from God.
This is a test of endurance.
This is a test sentence, for which I apologise.
This is a test sentence, to see if I can set the license to CC0.
This is a test sentence.
This is a test.
This is a textbook case illustrating, if need be, the necessity for collaboration by authorities across national borders, and the means to be deployed.
This is a textbook on arithmetic.
This is a thankless job.
This is a theater.
This is a thinner part of the forest.
This is a thought provoking book.
This is a thoughtful vote.
This is a threat to the rule of law in our country.
This is a three-star hotel; three hundred dollars a night.
This is a tie.
This is a tiger.
This is a tight election.
This is a time of emergency.
This is a time of rejoicing.
This is a time of year when people get together with family and friends to observe Passover and to celebrate Easter.
This is a time-consuming activity with no value.
This is a tiny boat.
This is a toilet paper roll.
This is a token of our appreciation.
This is a token of our care.
This is a token of our love.
This is a top secret mission.
This is a top-loading washing machine.
This is a topical cream, not a toothpaste, so I hope your gums are free of hemorrhoids.
This is a total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interests!
This is a total disaster.
This is a total dork-fest nerd bar.
This is a totally American approach.
This is a totally unrelated incident.
This is a touching story about friendship between a man and a squirrel.
This is a touching story.
This is a touchscreen, so you can use your fingers to operate the controls which are displayed on it.
This is a touchy subject.
This is a touchy topic.
This is a tough issue.
This is a tough one.
This is a tough situation.
This is a tourniquet.
This is a tower.
This is a traditional Canadian recipe.
This is a traditional Egyptian dress for men.
This is a traditional Hungarian dish.
This is a traditional Kabyle dress from Algeria.
This is a traditional recipe.
This is a traffic light.
This is a tragedy for this family, it’s a tragedy for this community, it’s a tragedy for the city.
This is a tragedy.
This is a train door.
This is a training camp.
This is a translation and transcript of Hausa service managing editor Aliyu Mustapha's in-language interview with Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari.
This is a translation from the English.
This is a translation of a nonexisting sentence.
This is a trap.
This is a travesty of justice.
This is a travesty!
This is a travesty.
This is a tree in the spring.
This is a tree.
This is a trial batch.
This is a triangle.
This is a tribute to all the Native Americans who died to defend their land, their people and their culture ever since Christopher Columbus set foot on their land.
This is a tribute to her.
This is a tribute to my adoring fans.
This is a tribute to my little brother.
This is a trick question. Read the sentence again carefully.
This is a tried and true method of weight loss.
This is a triptych.
This is a trivial matter.
This is a tropical storm. It'll be over soon.
This is a tropical storm. It’ll be over soon.
This is a true masterpiece.
This is a true story that actually happened to Mennad.
This is a true story that happened to me when I was fourteen years old.
This is a true story.
This is a true story. A woman was admitted to a reputed obstetrics clinic to give birth.
This is a truth that cannot be denied.
This is a truth you don't know.
This is a turning point in history.
This is a twisty dangerous highway.
This is a two-seater sofa using stain-resistant artificial leather.
This is a two-story house.
This is a two-way crossing street.
This is a two-way road.
This is a type of experiment that you can do at home.
This is a type of problem that can't be solved overnight.
This is a type of reprocessed tea.
This is a type of watermelon.
This is a typical blog.
This is a typical conversation one might overhear in a local Beijing market — a customer and vegetable seller commiserating over the rising cost of produce.
This is a typical loser's sentence.
This is a typical lunch in Algeria.
This is a unique belt.
This is a unique friendship that has deepened over the years.
This is a unique situation.
This is a universal lexicon.
This is a universal truth that transcends time.
This is a university.
This is a useful book and, what is more, it is not expensive.
This is a useful piece of information!
This is a valid point of view.
This is a valuable addition to our collection.
This is a variety of violet.
This is a vase.
This is a vegetarian meal.
This is a vegetarian species.
This is a vernacular.
This is a vertical line.
This is a very Algerian breakfast.
This is a very ambitious project.
This is a very ancient book.
This is a very bad idea.
This is a very bad neighborhood.
This is a very bad omen.
This is a very bad translation of the Quran.
This is a very beautiful color.
This is a very beautiful flower.
This is a very big deal.
This is a very big kitchen for the size of this apartment.
This is a very big problem.
This is a very brave thing you're doing.
This is a very busy station.
This is a very catchy tune.
This is a very challenging obstacle course.
This is a very clean interface.
This is a very comfortable armchair.
This is a very comfortable bed.
This is a very comfortable chair.
This is a very common injury.
This is a very common mistake.
This is a very common misunderstanding.
This is a very complex issue.
This is a very complex problem.
This is a very complex question.
This is a very complicated case.
This is a very complicated piece of equipment.
This is a very complicated puzzle.
This is a very complicated situation.
This is a very cool idea.
This is a very dangerous neighborhood.
This is a very dangerous place for a giraffe.
This is a very delicate question.
This is a very difficult case.
This is a very difficult exam.
This is a very difficult language.
This is a very difficult question.
This is a very difficult test.
This is a very difficult time for me.
This is a very easy question.
This is a very entertaining story.
This is a very exciting discovery.
This is a very exciting opportunity.
This is a very exclusive club.
This is a very expensive brandy.
This is a very expensive horse.
This is a very famous canvas.
This is a very famous haiku by Basho.
This is a very famous haiku poem by Basho.
This is a very famous painting.
This is a very famous place in Japan.
This is a very famous story.
This is a very firm fig.
This is a very frequented spot.
This is a very friendly commune.
This is a very funny story!
This is a very funny story.
This is a very good book.
This is a very good book. You should read it.
This is a very good computer.
This is a very good data base.
This is a very good deal.
This is a very good friend of mine.
This is a very good idea.
This is a very good omen.
This is a very good phrase.
This is a very good question.
This is a very good restaurant, and with an excellent environment, as well.
This is a very good song.
This is a very good start.
This is a very good tea.
This is a very good team.
This is a very good thing.
This is a very good time.
This is a very good water heater.
This is a very good way to learn languages.
This is a very hard mattress.
This is a very hot surface.
This is a very important day for us.
This is a very important matter.
This is a very important meeting.
This is a very important meeting. You ought not to miss it.
This is a very important message.
This is a very important point.
This is a very important role.
This is a very important subject.
This is a very informative article.
This is a very inspiring speech.
This is a very interesting book.
This is a very interesting film.
This is a very interesting investment opportunity.
This is a very interesting question.
This is a very interesting story.
This is a very interesting verse of the Quran.
This is a very interesting, intriguing, and compelling story.
This is a very large city.
This is a very lengthy dungeon, so it will take a while to clear it.
This is a very lively place.
This is a very low-stress job.
This is a very mild coffee.
This is a very new book.
This is a very nice fireplace.
This is a very nice house.
This is a very nice place.
This is a very noisy place.
This is a very noisy street.
This is a very nutritious lunch.
This is a very old book.
This is a very old game and its graphics have aged quite a bit.
This is a very old game.
This is a very old photo.
This is a very old photograph.
This is a very old problem.
This is a very popular item.
This is a very popular product.
This is a very popular song.
This is a very popular variety of heather.
This is a very pretty color.
This is a very pretty town.
This is a very profitable business.
This is a very promising industry.
This is a very quiet room.
This is a very rare case.
This is a very rare environmental phenomenon.
This is a very rare specimen.
This is a very romantic destination for couples.
This is a very routine surgery.
This is a very sad day.
This is a very sad song.
This is a very safe place to live.
This is a very scary moment.
This is a very scary place.
This is a very sensitive situation.
This is a very serious issue.
This is a very serious matter.
This is a very serious problem.
This is a very serious repair.
This is a very significant amendment.
This is a very significant discovery.
This is a very simple experiment.
This is a very small book.
This is a very small disk.
This is a very small town.
This is a very sophisticated device.
This is a very special day.
This is a very special night.
This is a very special place for me.
This is a very strange letter.
This is a very strong magnet.
This is a very sturdy chair to sit in.
This is a very tall tree.
This is a very tasty apple.
This is a very time-consuming task.
This is a very uncommon word that people mostly say just to say it.
This is a very useful book.
This is a very useful dictionary.
This is a very useful tool.
This is a very valuable ring.
This is a very, very bad sign.
This is a very, very rare problem.
This is a video that Tom sent me.
This is a view of the Alps.
This is a village.
This is a violation of the law.
This is a violent neighborhood.
This is a violent neighbourhood.
This is a vital decision for the future of our country.
This is a vital shipping line.
This is a volatile gas.
This is a volcanic island.
This is a volcano.
This is a vote the ramifications of which are going to last for many generations. We have to think very long-term here. Anyone with a sense of history knows that this country has fought bitterly to maintain its freedom and independence for nigh on a thousand years. My heart wants us to remain in Europe, but my head tells me I have no choice but to vote to leave. I'm going to vote with my head.
This is a vowel.
This is a waffle towel.
This is a wake-up call for Tom.
This is a waking nightmare.
This is a walk he has walked many times before.
This is a walk in the park for me.
This is a war crime.
This is a war.
This is a warning that we must take seriously.
This is a warning!
This is a warning.
This is a warrant for your arrest.
This is a warrant to search your house.
This is a waste of money.
This is a waste of my time.
This is a waste of our time.
This is a waste of taxpayers' money.
This is a waste of time and money.
This is a waste of time.
This is a waste of your time and your talents.
This is a watch made in Japan.
This is a waterproof clock.
This is a waterproof watch.
This is a watershed moment for the whole industry.
This is a wax candle.
This is a way for us to give back to the community.
This is a way of life.
This is a weak tea, isn't it?
This is a weak tea, isn’t it?
This is a weakness peculiar to young people.
This is a website of pictures of famous people.
This is a weird one.
This is a weird sentence.
This is a weird story.
This is a well shaped pine tree.
This is a well-formed vase.
This is a well-known industry in Algeria.
This is a well-organised temple.
This is a well-preserved secret.
This is a well-shaped pine tree.
This is a well-written article.
This is a well-written book.
This is a wheelchair.
This is a whole new level of fuckery.
This is a wig.
This is a wild giraffe.
This is a win-win situation.
This is a wind turbine.
This is a window.
This is a windshield of a lower quality.
This is a wine that I'd buy again.
This is a wire.
This is a wolf.
This is a woman who we can trust.
This is a woman.
This is a wonderful achievement.
This is a wonderful book.
This is a wonderful country.
This is a wonderful day and I have never seen this one ever before.
This is a wonderful feature.
This is a wonderful picture.
This is a wonderful place.
This is a wonderful pre-war whiskey.
This is a wonderful resource.
This is a wood table.
This is a wooden chair.
This is a wooden comb.
This is a wooden house.
This is a wooden table.
This is a woodpecker.
This is a word but that is a sentence.
This is a word that's hard to translate.
This is a word, but that is a sentence.
This is a word.
This is a work from Turner's mature period.
This is a work from Turner’s mature period.
This is a work in progress.
This is a work of fiction.
This is a work that benefits others.
This is a working-class neighborhood.
This is a workplace, not a fashion show.
This is a world where the sun doesn't shine.
This is a worm.
This is a worthwhile book.
This is a worthwhile endeavor.
This is a wrench.
This is a writing style different from genuine English.
This is a wug. These are two wugs.
This is a yellow rose.
This is a young girl.
This is a yōkai.
This is a zinc sheet.
This is a zoo.
This is about 8 feet above sea level. In case of a tsunami, please evacuate to higher ground immediately.
This is about Tom.
This is about all I can put up with.
This is about all of us.
This is about as large as that.
This is about as many as the United States has.
This is about cars.
This is about four billions in today's dinars.
This is about it.
This is about racism.
This is about something completely different.
This is about the case of the "seven mysteries". Did you investigate it?
This is about the hawk and other birds. Maybe he dances better than they do, especially when he flies on the starlings! As for the song, that of other birds is much better, despite that it boasts.
This is about to change.
This is about to get funny.
This is about you and me.
This is about you, isn't it?
This is above me.
This is above my pay grade.
This is above reason.
This is above your pay grade.
This is absolute nonsense.
This is absolutely correct.
This is absolutely disgusting.
This is absolutely false.
This is absolutely insane.
This is absolutely new.
This is absolutely nuts.
This is absolutely pathetic.
This is absolutely ridiculous.
This is absolutely terrifying.
This is absolutely true.
This is absolutely useless.
This is absolutely wonderful.
This is absurd.
This is acceptable.
This is accurate, I think.
This is accurate.
This is acetone.
This is actually a guy dressed as a girl.
This is actually a pretty good article.
This is actually kind of fun.
This is actually old news.
This is actually pretty interesting, so maybe I'll look into it a bit more.
This is actually quite good.
This is actually true.
This is actually what happened.
This is against my principles.
This is against the dress code.
This is against the law.
This is against the rules.
This is alarming.
This is alcohol.
This is all Greek to me.
This is all I can be.
This is all I can do for now.
This is all I can do for you.
This is all I can do.
This is all I can read.
This is all I can teach you.
This is all I ever wanted to do.
This is all I ever wanted.
This is all I have left.
This is all I have to say.
This is all I have.
This is all I have. Take it.
This is all I know about Tom.
This is all I know.
This is all I need right now.
This is all I need to get by.
This is all I need to know.
This is all I need.
This is all I remember.
This is all I want for Christmas.
This is all I want to do.
This is all I want to say.
This is all I want.
This is all I'm taking with me.
This is all I've got left.
This is all I've got.
This is all Tom has to do.
This is all Tom needs.
This is all Tom's fault.
This is all Yanni is going to need.
This is all Yanni needs to do.
This is all a big misunderstanding.
This is all a big mix up. I'm not the girl you're looking for.
This is all a big mix up. I'm not the guy you're looking for.
This is all a bit silly.
This is all a conspiracy.
This is all a mistake.
This is all a misunderstanding.
This is all a mystery to me.
This is all a terrible mistake.
This is all a waste of time.
This is all about change.
This is all about jobs.
This is all backward to me.
This is all because of you.
This is all brain dead regurgitation of a lazy theory.
This is all completely ad-free.
This is all demagoguery.
This is all entirely my fault.
This is all fake!
This is all for Tom.
This is all for the children.
This is all for the kids.
This is all for you.
This is all gibberish to Yanni.
This is all happening a little too fast.
This is all happening so fast.
This is all happening too fast.
This is all hard to believe.
This is all he has to do.
This is all he has.
This is all he owns.
This is all hypothetical.
This is all important to Robert.
This is all just a big misunderstanding.
This is all just a test of faith.
This is all my carry-on baggage.
This is all my carry-on luggage.
This is all my fault and I'm certainly not going to let you take my punishment.
This is all my fault.
This is all new to me.
This is all on me.
This is all our fault.
This is all part of my plan.
This is all part of the plan.
This is all perfectly normal.
This is all puzzling to me.
This is all quite unnecessary.
This is all rubbish.
This is all so complicated.
This is all so exhausting.
This is all so ridiculous.
This is all so strange.
This is all some big mistake.
This is all speculation.
This is all starting to make sense.
This is all still new to me.
This is all stupid.
This is all taking place online.
This is all that I can say for now.
This is all that I have left.
This is all that I know about Tom.
This is all that I know about him.
This is all that I know.
This is all that Tom will need.
This is all that is known so far.
This is all that is left from the country.
This is all that matters.
This is all that remains for you, poor thing!
This is all that remains of the old ramparts.
This is all that's left.
This is all that's needed for this job.
This is all that's needed.
This is all the air that is available to us.
This is all the food I could find.
This is all the food that I could find.
This is all the food that we have left.
This is all the help we need.
This is all the money I have now.
This is all the money I have on me.
This is all the money I have right now.
This is all the money I have.
This is all the money that I have now.
This is all the proof I need.
This is all there is.
This is all tomfoolery.
This is all unnatural and disorienting.
This is all unnecessary.
This is all untrue.
This is all very approximate.
This is all very confusing for me.
This is all very confusing.
This is all very disturbing.
This is all very strange.
This is all we can afford at present.
This is all we can afford at this time.
This is all we can afford right now.
This is all we can do to help.
This is all we can do.
This is all we can give you.
This is all we have left to eat.
This is all we have left.
This is all we have, I swear.
This is all we have.
This is all we need.
This is all we've got left to eat.
This is all wrong.
This is all you have left, my heart!
This is all you have to do now.
This is all you need to know.
This is all you need to learn about the Berber language.
This is all you need.
This is all you'll get for now.
This is all your fault!
This is all your fault.
This is all your fault. I hope you realize that.
This is all your fault. So, you'd better just shut up.
This is all yours.
This is almost a lost technique.
This is almost as good as fishing.
This is almost as good as my grandma's recipe!
This is almost as good as the brandy we drank last night.
This is almost comical.
This is almost new.
This is almost ready for mass production.
This is almost too easy.
This is already a bit of Ziri's daily routine.
This is already a habit.
This is already bullying.
This is already happening in Algeria.
This is already showing signs of wear and tear.
This is also a good movie.
This is also a very swampy area.
This is also an apple.
This is also an invariant of history. Gallic disappeared because Gallic elites were quick to send their children to the Roman school. In the same way, provincial elites later taught their offspring French at the expense of the regional languages. The ruling classes are often the first to adopt the language of the invader. They do the same today with English.
This is also available at pharmacies.
This is also available at the chemist's.
This is also ideal as a gift.
This is also important.
This is also me. Sometimes I'm so fired up that I can't think.
This is also my first time.
This is also part of love.
This is also part of your work, as I told you before.
This is also rather short.
This is also the first time I've been to this area.
This is also the first time I’ve been to this area.
This is also the first time that I've been to this area.
This is also the meaning of the French sentence.
This is also the reason gel hardens.
This is also the truth.
This is also untrue.
This is altogether different.
This is always a very busy intersection.
This is always going to be a problem for us, isn't it?
This is always here.
This is always the way it has been.
This is amazing! I love it!
This is amazing.
This is an African lion.
This is an Algerian firm.
This is an Algerian news and opinions website.
This is an Algerian newspaper.
This is an Algerian restaurant.
This is an Algerian sports shoe factory.
This is an Apple.
This is an East Asian concept -- it's a little tricky to explain in Spanish.
This is an Islamic graveyard.
This is an abacus.
This is an abomination.
This is an absolute lie.
This is an absolutely fascinating topic.
This is an absurd decision.
This is an absurd situation.
This is an acceptable gift to everyone.
This is an accident waiting to happen.
This is an accordion.
This is an accurate translation.
This is an achievement.
This is an active volcano.
This is an actual happening.
This is an adapter.
This is an addicting game.
This is an addictive game.
This is an adjective, not a noun.
This is an adjective.
This is an adverb.
This is an age when honesty does not pay.
This is an alarming symptom.
This is an alley without end.
This is an almond.
This is an amazing coincidence.
This is an amazing collection.
This is an amazing discovery.
This is an amazing feeling.
This is an amazing location.
This is an amazing offer.
This is an amazing project.
This is an amazing result.
This is an amazing school.
This is an amazing town.
This is an anachronistic moment.
This is an analytic language.
This is an ancient Berber remedy.
This is an ancient Chinese custom.
This is an ancient camel market.
This is an ancient castle.
This is an ancient law.
This is an ancient meme.
This is an ancient monastery.
This is an ancient washing machine, but it still works.
This is an animal found in that desert.
This is an animal's body.
This is an animal.
This is an anise seed-flavoured beverage.
This is an anomaly.
This is an another pair of shoes.
This is an answering machine. After the beep, leave a message or send a fax. Thank you.
This is an anthology of poems.
This is an antique.
This is an anvil.
This is an appetizer.
This is an apple tree.
This is an apple, too.
This is an apple.
This is an appliance for drying clothes.
This is an apricot tree.
This is an apricot.
This is an archaic grammatical construction.
This is an archaism.
This is an area that gets little or no attention, so we're going to try and bring some attention to it.
This is an area where Berber is the main language.
This is an argument material to the question in hand.
This is an armchair.
This is an armed mutiny.
This is an artificial distinction.
This is an aspirin bottle.
This is an astonishing discovery.
This is an astonishing result.
This is an astrolabe.
This is an attempt to collect a debt.
This is an audacious plan.
This is an authentic Suzhou embroidery.
This is an automated payphone; you use it by inserting a coin.
This is an automatic door.
This is an automatic pencil sharpener. All you have to do is push the pencil in, and it sharpens.
This is an autonomous machine.
This is an awful dictionary.
This is an awkward situation.
This is an ax.
This is an axe.
This is an close-up shot of the strawberry tree fruit.
This is an early Christmas present for you.
This is an early work, I did it freely without storyboarding so it's unreasonably long.
This is an early work, I did it freely without storyboarding so it’s unreasonably long.
This is an easily controlled epidemic.
This is an easy exercise.
This is an easy game.
This is an easy job.
This is an easy mistake to make.
This is an easy one.
This is an easy place to live.
This is an easy question.
This is an easy route.
This is an easy sentence.
This is an easy task for you.
This is an easy way to study Berber.
This is an easy way.
This is an economic analysis of Algeria.
This is an economic lifeline for Algeria.
This is an edible mushroom.
This is an edition for scholarly use.
This is an effective remedy for crime.
This is an effective way for learning Berber vocabulary.
This is an effective way to learn Berber.
This is an egg.
This is an egregious example of tax avoidance.
This is an electrical appliance.
This is an electronic die.
This is an elementary error of reasoning.
This is an elementary mistake.
This is an elephant sanctuary.
This is an elephant's tusk.
This is an embarrassment in and of itself.
This is an emergency alert!
This is an emergency broadcast!
This is an emergency case.
This is an emergency.
This is an empty battery.
This is an empty house.
This is an encouraging trend.
This is an energetic man.
This is an entertaining program for children.
This is an entirely new problem.
This is an epic fail.
This is an epic novel.
This is an epic poem.
This is an epic story.
This is an epidemic easily contained.
This is an equestrian town! You will see horses everywhere.
This is an equilateral triangle.
This is an error common among Japanese students.
This is an error not seen by the casual observer.
This is an error.
This is an especially heartbreaking day for all our friends -- our fellow Americans -- who are lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender.
This is an everyday occurrence.
This is an evil company that takes advantage of people.
This is an exact copy of the original.
This is an example of abstraction.
This is an example of confusing two things that have a common cause with one thing that causes another.
This is an example of her translation.
This is an example of his translation.
This is an example of how animals, birds in this case, have used human created structures, such as this building, and made it a home.
This is an example of how animals, birds in this case, have used human created structures, such as this building, and made it a home. It is a building on the campus of University of California Los Angeles.
This is an example of humanoid.
This is an example of something silly. A silly example, we might say.
This is an example of the progress that we're making.
This is an example of the progress that we’re making.
This is an example of the survival of the fittest, as it is called.
This is an example of virtual reality.
This is an example sentence.
This is an example.
This is an excellent opportunity.
This is an excellent picture.
This is an excellent place to hide.
This is an excellent plan.
This is an excellent point, Professor Tom.
This is an excellent site for learning Finnish.
This is an excellent site for learning French.
This is an excellent source of fiber.
This is an excellent source of fibre.
This is an excellent start.
This is an excellent strategy.
This is an excellent translation.
This is an excellent wine.
This is an exception to the rule.
This is an exception to this rule.
This is an exception.
This is an exceptional case.
This is an exceptional rosé wine.
This is an exciting day.
This is an exhaustive answer.
This is an exhaustively long list!
This is an expensive brandy.
This is an explanation for dummies.
This is an exploiting system.
This is an express train. It won't make many stops.
This is an exquisite little painting.
This is an exquisite little picture.
This is an extension cord.
This is an extra one.
This is an extract from a Berber song.
This is an extract.
This is an extraordinarily complex language.
This is an extraordinarily complex tongue.
This is an extraordinarily difficult tongue.
This is an extremely difficult language.
This is an extremely good deal for students or business people who travel and want a light laptop.
This is an extremely important correction.
This is an extremely important point in time.
This is an extremely important point.
This is an extremely important task.
This is an extremely rare phenomenon.
This is an extremely serious matter.
This is an extremely unusual thing.
This is an extremely well run company.
This is an eye socket.
This is an eye.
This is an historic city.
This is an historic moment.
This is an historical moment.
This is an ice cube.
This is an ice pick.
This is an iconic photo of Algiers.
This is an ideological conflict.
This is an idiom.
This is an iguana.
This is an illegal procedure.
This is an illegal transaction.
This is an illegal well.
This is an image of a deity with the fiery face of the sun.
This is an imitation diamond.
This is an imitation.
This is an immense relief.
This is an immense show.
This is an immutable truth.
This is an important announcement.
This is an important decision.
This is an important discussion.
This is an important event.
This is an important film.
This is an important health concern.
This is an important historical site, and we need to preserve it.
This is an important issue.
This is an important letter.
This is an important matter.
This is an important meeting.
This is an important memory.
This is an important night.
This is an important part of Algeria's cultural heritage.
This is an important point to bear in mind.
This is an important point.
This is an important step on our path to expand human exploration to the Moon and Mars.
This is an important step.
This is an important task.
This is an important theory.
This is an important thing for all of you.
This is an important time.
This is an important victory.
This is an impossible task.
This is an impressive technological achievement.
This is an improvement.
This is an incandescent light bulb.
This is an incredible result.
This is an incredibly hard decision for Tom.
This is an incredibly interesting book.
This is an indisputable fact.
This is an indoor cat.
This is an inedible mushroom.
This is an infantile game.
This is an injustice!
This is an injustice.
This is an innovative solution.
This is an insanely hard language.
This is an instance of modern British life.
This is an institution for the criminally insane.
This is an instructive book.
This is an interesting book to read.
This is an interesting book, isn't it?
This is an interesting book.
This is an interesting case where there is no principal determining element.
This is an interesting discussion.
This is an interesting find, to say the least.
This is an interesting movie so far.
This is an interesting place.
This is an interesting question.
This is an interesting story.
This is an interesting thing.
This is an interesting website.
This is an interesting, funny and even moving story.
This is an international community.
This is an invasion of Tom's privacy.
This is an invasion of privacy!
This is an irregular verb.
This is an island in the Caribbean Sea.
This is an issue where there is a little bit of space between your position and my own.
This is an oboe.
This is an obscene site.
This is an obsolete usage.
This is an obvious sentence.
This is an obvious violation of my rights according to the constitution of this country.
This is an obviously false path.
This is an octagon.
This is an odd book.
This is an offensive sentence.
This is an old Algerian handicraft.
This is an old Berber tradition.
This is an old Berber word for king.
This is an old Canadian custom.
This is an old Canadian recipe.
This is an old Japanese movie.
This is an old Scottish song.
This is an old and well established ivy.
This is an old appliance.
This is an old book with a new face.
This is an old book.
This is an old building.
This is an old device.
This is an old friend of mine.
This is an old letter.
This is an old light switch.
This is an old machine.
This is an old recipe.
This is an old rock quarry.
This is an old rule.
This is an old story.
This is an old town which was so entirely destroyed by the Tartars in 1241–42 that it had to be refounded and recolonized, partly by the king Bela IV., inviting German settlers.
This is an old tried-and-true method.
This is an old tub, not a car.
This is an old type of American clock.
This is an old unit.
This is an old woman.
This is an old-fashioned way of earning money.
This is an old-growth forest.
This is an olive tree.
This is an olive.
This is an omnivorous species.
This is an ongoing process.
This is an oni.
This is an onion.
This is an open secret in Algeria.
This is an open source project.
This is an opera in five acts.
This is an operator.
This is an opportunity that never existed before.
This is an opportunity that should be exploited.
This is an opportunity to make money.
This is an opportunity.
This is an oppressive system.
This is an optical illusion.
This is an option to consider.
This is an oral language.
This is an orange tree.
This is an orange.
This is an order from above.
This is an order.
This is an ordinary task.
This is an organic drain cleaner that uses bacteria.
This is an original Toyota windshield.
This is an outrage!
This is an outrage.
This is an outright lie!
This is an outstanding performance.
This is an oxymoron.
This is an ugly design.
This is an ugly font.
This is an ugly language.
This is an ugly one.
This is an unacceptable insult.
This is an unacceptable situation.
This is an unbearable truth.
This is an unbelievable day.
This is an uncommon word.
This is an underwire bra.
This is an unexpected opportunity.
This is an unexpected pleasure.
This is an unexpected surprise.
This is an unexpected turn.
This is an unfortunate incident.
This is an unfortunate situation.
This is an unfriendly move.
This is an unimportant distinction.
This is an unlawful assembly.
This is an unnecessarily harsh measure.
This is an unprecedented gesture.
This is an unproven hypothesis.
This is an unsettling question.
This is an unsolvable problem.
This is an untenable point of view.
This is an unusual arrangement.
This is an unusual policy.
This is an unusual request.
This is an unusual situation.
This is an unusually difficult language.
This is an unusually long sentence.
This is an unusually short phrase.
This is an unwritten language.
This is an uphill road.
This is an urban legend.
This is an urgent matter.
This is an urgent problem.
This is an urn.
This is annihilation.
This is annoying the hell out of me.
This is annoying to no end.
This is annoying.
This is another Tom.
This is another incident that proves that the teacher hates me.
This is another of the government's conspiracies.
This is another problem.
This is another repair to do.
This is another step forward in our quest to find out who we are.
This is another story.
This is anything but easy.
This is appalling.
This is apparently a good proposal.
This is apparently a good sentence.
This is apparently broken.
This is apparently correct.
This is apparently not correct.
This is apparently the situation in Algeria.
This is apparently wrong.
This is apple juice.
This is approximately the distance between Beijing to Algiers.
This is apricot brandy.
This is arguably even more important.
This is arguably the best hotel in the area.
This is art.
This is artificial.
This is as clear as mud.
This is as close as we can get.
This is as far as I can go.
This is as far as I go.
This is as far as I should go.
This is as far as we can go by car. We'll have to walk the rest of the way.
This is as good a place as any to die.
This is as good a place to die as any.
This is as good a time as any to do this.
This is as good a time as any.
This is as good as any.
This is as good as it gets, kids.
This is as good as it gets.
This is as good place to pitch our tent as any.
This is as heavy as lead.
This is as it should be.
This is as large as that.
This is as light as a feather.
This is as long as that.
This is as obvious as the sky is blue.
This is as old as the world.
This is as true of a cat as it is a dog.
This is as true of a cat as of a dog.
This is as well as we've played all year.
This is asparagus soup.
This is ass backwards!
This is assuredly the most boring video I've ever watched.
This is astonishing.
This is astounding.
This is at best the extent of my magic.
This is at my expense.
This is atrocious weather.
This is automagical to me.
This is avowedly maybe not the best method to obtain accurate results.
This is awesome.
This is awful indeed.
This is awful, isn't it?
This is awful.
This is awfully hilly terrain; I hope we don't screw up the transmission.
This is awfully hilly terrain; I hope we don’t screw up the transmission.
This is awkward.
This is back-breaking work.
This is bad Berber.
This is bad French.
This is bad enough on its own.
This is bad for business.
This is bad for the economy.
This is bad for the environment.
This is bad news for Australia.
This is bad news.
This is bad, really bad.
This is bad.
This is bad. There's fog, and it's uncertain if we're going to land.
This is baking soda.
This is banned in Algeria.
This is based on fact.
This is based on misconceptions about Islam.
This is based on true events?
This is basic knowledge.
This is basic.
This is beautiful, and that is also beautiful.
This is beautiful.
This is because of the difference between Japanese politeness and American politeness.
This is because of you.
This is because their jobs are secure.
This is because there is nothing so beautiful that, even on close inspection, no defects will be found.
This is because they are trying to prove they are somewhat independent.
This is because you approach everything as a total person, with no loose ends hanging out to signify divided intentions.
This is because you do not want to be alone.
This is being done for your safety.
This is being misunderstood.
This is being reported. I'm not sure if we can believe that.
This is believable.
This is believed to be the place where he died.
This is beneath you.
This is benzine.
This is best done in private.
This is better by far.
This is better for Ziri's dog.
This is better quality paint than we used last time.
This is better than I expected.
This is better than any other bag in this store.
This is better than expected.
This is better than nothing.
This is better.
This is between Tom and me.
This is between Tom and myself.
This is between me and Tom.
This is between me and her.
This is between me and him.
This is between ourselves.
This is between them and me.
This is between them.
This is between us.
This is between you and me.
This is between you.
This is beyond dispute.
This is beyond frustrating.
This is beyond ludicrous.
This is beyond my authority!
This is beyond my authority.
This is beyond perfection.
This is beyond reasoning.
This is beyond the compass of my ability.
This is beyond the realm of possibility.
This is beyond the scope of my imagination.
This is big news.
This is big shit.
This is big.
This is biodegradable.
This is bizarre.
This is black currant.
This is blackberry.
This is blackmail!
This is blackmail.
This is blackmailing.
This is bland.
This is blasphemy!
This is blasphemy.
This is blueberry.
This is boring as fuck.
This is boring as hell.
This is boring the crap out of me!
This is boring.
This is boring. Let's do something fun!
This is both a blessing and a curse.
This is both a dream coming true and a budding hope.
This is brand new.
This is bread.
This is breaking news.
This is breeding ground for spider mites.
This is brilliant.
This is broken.
This is bronze.
This is bulky, so I'll send it by home delivery.
This is bulky, so I’ll send it by home delivery.
This is bulletproof glass.
This is bullshit!
This is bullshit.
This is burned into Ziri's memory.
This is but a humble downtown store.
This is by far the best hotel in town.
This is by far the best house I've ever seen.
This is by far the best method.
This is by far the best novel that has been published this year.
This is by far the best of all of these.
This is by far the best of all.
This is by far the best one.
This is by far the best restaurant in this area.
This is by far the best seafood restaurant in this area.
This is by far the best thing we've done so far.
This is by far the best thing.
This is by far the best way.
This is by far the best.
This is by far the better of the two.
This is by far the coolest thing we've ever done.
This is by far the most interesting of all his novels.
This is by far the most interesting of his novels.
This is by far the tallest building in this city.
This is by no means easy reading.
This is by no means light work.
This is by one or the another way false.
This is called a plate.
This is called a precedent.
This is called aesthetic attraction because it is thought to be similar to other aesthetic desires, such as the desire to keep listening to a good song or to keep looking at a beautiful sunset.
This is called betrayal.
This is called genocide.
This is called hatsumode, the first visit to a shrine.
This is called progress.
This is called shorthand.
This is called true love.
This is capital. Let it increase!
This is capital. May it grow!
This is carcinogenic.
This is causing a problem.
This is causing issues in Algeria.
This is causing many of problems in Algeria.
This is causing problems for everybody.
This is causing the regime real headaches.
This is cayenne pepper.
This is centrifugal force, which Newton viewed as absolute motion.
This is centrifugal force; Newton viewed it as absolute motion.
This is certainly a glorious day.
This is certainly important for your children.
This is certainly interesting.
This is certainly one of Tom's best paintings.
This is certainly our photo!
This is certainly surprising.
This is certainly the most delicious juice I have ever drunk in my life.
This is characteristic of patients with hypertension.
This is cheap, isn't it?
This is cheap.
This is cheaper than that one over there.
This is cheaper than that one.
This is cheese.
This is chess.
This is child's play.
This is classic Stockholm syndrome.
This is classic.
This is classified.
This is clear.
This is clearer than water.
This is clearly Emet!
This is clearly a mistake.
This is clearly discrimination.
This is clearly illegal.
This is clearly the best novel to have appeared this year.
This is clearly the best novel to have been published this year.
This is clearly the best.
This is clearly unacceptable.
This is clearly wrong.
This is closely bound up with the question.
This is clothes.
This is cocoa.
This is coconut oil.
This is coffee.
This is coincidence.
This is cold.
This is comfortable.
This is comfy.
This is common in Algiers.
This is common in Europe.
This is common practice.
This is common to all societies.
This is common.
This is communism.
This is complete degradation.
This is complete madness!
This is completely absurd.
This is completely bogus.
This is completely counter-productive.
This is completely different from what it looked like in the picture!
This is completely different.
This is completely harmless.
This is completely ineffective.
This is completely insane.
This is completely irrelevant.
This is completely my fault.
This is completely new to me.
This is completely normal where I come from.
This is completely safe.
This is completely unacceptable.
This is completely unlikely.
This is completely unnecessary.
This is completely unreasonable.
This is completely untrue.
This is completely useless.
This is completely wrong.
This is complicated for me.
This is complicated stuff.
This is complicated.
This is concerning to me.
This is confidential information.
This is confidential, I can only tell him personally.
This is confidential.
This is confirmed by CCTV footage.
This is confirmed by the Quran.
This is confusing.
This is considered an upper-middle-class neighborhood.
This is considered as a military invasion of Algeria's sovereign territory.
This is considered as heresy.
This is considered correct.
This is considered the most dangerous part of the journey.
This is considered to be a matter of great importance.
This is considered to be one of the best restaurants in town.
This is constructive.
This is contraband.
This is contradictory.
This is controversial.
This is cooking well.
This is cool.
This is correct.
This is cotton.
This is counter-intuitive.
This is counterproductive.
This is covert racism.
This is cowberry.
This is cranberry.
This is crazy and disgustingly sad.
This is crazy! We could get caught!
This is crazy.
This is credible.
This is creepy.
This is critical.
This is curious! I'm supposed to write something clever, but nothing clever occurs to me.
This is curious.
This is currently being written using a, um, phone, um, probably Android.
This is customary in all societies.
This is cute!
This is cute.
This is cutting-edge technology.
This is dangerous stuff.
This is dangerous talk.
This is dangerous territory.
This is dangerous!
This is dangerous, anti-vaxxer talk that undermines the public trust in the scientists and experts that are working around the clock to develop the vaccine.
This is dangerous.
This is deeply disquieting.
This is deeply disturbing.
This is deeply troubling.
This is deeply unfair.
This is defective.
This is definitely a bad omen.
This is definitely a concern.
This is definitely a day I won't forget.
This is definitely a good thing.
This is definitely a movie that you should watch.
This is definitely a movie you should watch.
This is definitely good.
This is definitely illegal.
This is definitely more fun than doing homework.
This is definitely more fun.
This is definitely not academic writing.
This is definitely not an easy thing to do.
This is definitely not new.
This is definitely not what I had in mind.
This is definitely not what I wanted.
This is definitely not what I was expecting.
This is definitely not what Tom and I were expecting to happen.
This is definitely one of Tom's best paintings.
This is definitely something to consider.
This is definitely the best method.
This is definitely the best way.
This is definitely, 'The good you do for others is good you do yourself'! It's a reward because I was helpful!
This is definitely, ’The good you do for others is good you do yourself’! It’s a reward because I was helpful!
This is delicious cheese.
This is delicious copypasta.
This is delicious spaghetti, isn't it?
This is delicious! What’s the recipe?
This is delicious.
This is delicious. How did you make it?
This is delicious. What is it?
This is delicious. What's in it?
This is demagoguery.
This is demagogy.
This is democracy, I think.
This is demoralizing.
This is depressing.
This is designed especially for young people.
This is designed for everyday use.
This is designed for indoor use.
This is destroying your life.
This is detergent.
This is devastating.
This is dictated by diplomatic protocol.
This is different from what I expected.
This is different from what I thought.
This is different.
This is difficult for Tom.
This is difficult for her.
This is difficult for him.
This is difficult for me.
This is difficult for them.
This is difficult for us.
This is difficult for you to understand, isn't it?
This is difficult to believe.
This is difficult to do.
This is difficult.
This is dill.
This is disappointing.
This is disconcerting.
This is discouraging.
This is discrimination!
This is disgusting.
This is disturbing news.
This is disturbing.
This is doable.
This is domestic produce.
This is done.
This is double Dutch. Can you put it in plain English?
This is double sided tape.
This is dough.
This is down the street, on the left.
This is downright stupid.
This is dreadful.
This is drinking water.
This is driving me crazy.
This is driving me nuts.
This is dry oleander.
This is due to English being a world language.
This is due to conservation of angular momentum.
This is dynamite.
This is easier said than done.
This is easier than I expected it to be.
This is easier than I expected it would be.
This is easier than I expected.
This is easier than Tom expected.
This is easily solved.
This is easy for me.
This is easy to do.
This is easy to prepare.
This is easy to solve.
This is easy!
This is easy.
This is easy. It's like taking candy from a baby.
This is effective.
This is eight-month-old Lev. As with all babies, he puts everything in his mouth.
This is elitism.
This is embarrassing in retrospect.
This is embarrassing to me.
This is embarrassing.
This is emotional stuff.
This is empty.
This is encouraging.
This is engine oil.
This is enjoyable.
This is enlightening.
This is enough for me.
This is enough for them to prosecute me.
This is enough for you.
This is enough!
This is enough.
This is entirely inexcusable.
This is entirely unnecessary.
This is entirely unproductive.
This is entirely untrue.
This is entirely up to you.
This is entirely your fault.
This is epic.
This is equivalent to a fourth of Algeria's GDP.
This is especially true if the "owner" of a sentence is not the same person who created it.
This is especially true in Boston.
This is especially worrisome.
This is essential to Algeria's economic strategy.
This is essential.
This is even better than it was before.
This is even better.
This is even more disgusting.
This is even worse!
This is even worse.
This is every pilot's worst nightmare.
This is everyone's problem.
This is everyone's victory.
This is everything I need.
This is everything I'd hoped for.
This is everything I've ever wanted.
This is everything I’ve ever wanted.
This is everything required for this task.
This is everything required.
This is everything that we'd hoped for.
This is everything we'd hoped for.
This is everything you have?
This is everything you need to know about belly button piercing.
This is everything.
This is evidence.
This is evidenced by the results of independent studies.
This is evident from the conversation in Crete between Plato and his Gnosian and Spartan companions.
This is exactly half.
This is exactly that I was looking for.
This is exactly the book that I want to read.
This is exactly the right thing to do.
This is exactly the same camera that I have lost.
This is exactly the table that Tom wants to get rid of.
This is exactly the type that we need.
This is exactly what America needs.
This is exactly what I didn't want to happen.
This is exactly what I don't need.
This is exactly what I expected from you.
This is exactly what I expected.
This is exactly what I intend to get to the bottom of.
This is exactly what I mean.
This is exactly what I need.
This is exactly what I needed.
This is exactly what I thought would happen.
This is exactly what I want.
This is exactly what I wanted to avoid.
This is exactly what I wanted to happen.
This is exactly what I wanted to see!
This is exactly what I wanted to see.
This is exactly what I wanted.
This is exactly what I was hoping to hear.
This is exactly what I was looking for.
This is exactly what I've been looking for.
This is exactly what Islam is all about.
This is exactly what Tom and I were looking for.
This is exactly what Tom and Mary said they wanted.
This is exactly what Tom dislikes.
This is exactly what Tom misses.
This is exactly what Tom predicted would happen.
This is exactly what Tom said he wanted.
This is exactly what Tom should know.
This is exactly what Tom was hoping for.
This is exactly what Tom was hoping would happen.
This is exactly what Tom wished for.
This is exactly what Ziri is looking for.
This is exactly what Ziri needs right now.
This is exactly what happened here.
This is exactly what we need.
This is exactly what we want.
This is exactly what we wanted, isn't it?
This is exactly what we've been looking for.
This is exactly what you get wrong.
This is exactly what you need.
This is exactly what you said would happen.
This is exactly where I want the towel rack installed.
This is exactly where I want the towel rack to be installed.
This is exactly where I want the towel rack to be.
This is exactly where I want the towel rack.
This is exactly where I want to be.
This is exactly where it happened.
This is exactly why you shouldn't do that.
This is exasperating.
This is excellent brandy.
This is excellent news.
This is excellent wine.
This is excellent.
This is exciting news.
This is exciting stuff.
This is exciting.
This is exclusive.
This is exhilarating.
This is expensive.
This is expired.
This is extermination.
This is extortion.
This is extraordinary.
This is extreme.
This is extremely awkward.
This is extremely bad.
This is extremely complicated.
This is extremely confidential.
This is extremely dangerous.
This is extremely disappointing.
This is extremely embarrassing.
This is extremely hard for Tom.
This is extremely hard for her.
This is extremely hard for him.
This is extremely hard for me.
This is extremely hard for them.
This is extremely hard for us.
This is extremely hard.
This is extremely hazardous.
This is extremely important to me.
This is extremely important.
This is extremely ingenious.
This is extremely interesting.
This is extremely worrying.
This is fabulous.
This is fact, not fiction.
This is fairly common.
This is fairly good except for minor mistakes.
This is fairly normal for a neighborhood like this.
This is fairly priced.
This is fake news.
This is fake, misleading news.
This is fake.
This is false.
This is familiar to me.
This is familiar.
This is fantastic!
This is fantastic.
This is far better.
This is far dearer.
This is far from being the case.
This is far from over.
This is far from perfect.
This is far from the case.
This is far more expensive.
This is far the best of all.
This is far too expensive.
This is fascinating.
This is fastidious, detailed, but very important work.
This is fennel.
This is fifty-five. No more and no less.
This is fifty-five. No more, no less.
This is fine.
This is first time Tom has been excited about a work project.
This is fish.
This is five thousand yen in the Japanese Yen.
This is flour.
This is food.
This is food. You don't play with it.
This is foolish.
This is for Scotland, not for Sparta.
This is for Tom.
This is for a good purpose.
This is for adults.
This is for all of them.
This is for anyone.
This is for everybody's benefit.
This is for everybody.
This is for everyone who has received a notice from them.
This is for everyone.
This is for free.
This is for grownups.
This is for her.
This is for him.
This is for internal use.
This is for keeps.
This is for me.
This is for my friend.
This is for my practice.
This is for newcomers and fluent speakers alike to practice and learn.
This is for someone I love.
This is for someone else.
This is for the benefit of Algeria.
This is for the benefit of all Algerians.
This is for the boy.
This is for the first time that you have agreed with Tom.
This is for them all.
This is for them.
This is for us.
This is for you guys, from me and dad.
This is for you!
This is for you, I think.
This is for you, Tom.
This is for you, from me and mom.
This is for you.
This is for your benefit.
This is for your own good.
This is for your own safety.
This is for your protection.
This is for your safety.
This is for your trouble.
This is forbidden in Algeria.
This is forbidden in Islam.
This is forced emigration.
This is fortuitously a mostly translatable pun.
This is free.
This is freezing.
This is fresh snow.
This is from Australia.
This is from God.
This is from Spain.
This is from Tom and me.
This is from Tom.
This is from her.
This is from him.
This is from me.
This is from that shelf.
This is from the Canadian embassy.
This is from them.
This is from us.
This is frustrating for Yanni.
This is fucked up.
This is fucking awesome.
This is fucking cool.
This is full of errors because yesterday I was half-asleep when I typed it.
This is fun to watch.
This is fun.
This is fun. We should do it again.
This is fun. We should do this again.
This is fundamentally unfair.
This is fundamentally wrong.
This is funny.
This is fur.
This is garbage that runs on garbage... Jokes aside, this isn't far from the truth. In fact, this garbage truck runs on fuel produced from garbage.
This is garbage.
This is gasoline.
This is genuine Algerian olive oil.
This is genuine Algerian tobacco.
This is genuine Kutani-ware. I guarantee it.
This is genuine appreciation.
This is genuine leather.
This is genuine sterling silver dinnerware.
This is getting a little complicated.
This is getting a little silly, now.
This is getting awkward.
This is getting boring.
This is getting complicated.
This is getting crazy.
This is getting creepy.
This is getting difficult.
This is getting embarrassing.
This is getting hard.
This is getting heavy.
This is getting interesting.
This is getting kind of creepy.
This is getting kind of scary.
This is getting kind of weird.
This is getting old.
This is getting on my nerves.
This is getting out of hand!
This is getting out of hand.
This is getting quite complicated.
This is getting really complicated.
This is getting really creepy.
This is getting really old.
This is getting ridiculous.
This is getting scary.
This is getting serious.
This is getting tiresome.
This is getting to be too much for Tom.
This is getting too complicated.
This is getting too gloomy for me. Can we talk about something more fun?
This is getting too pomo for my taste.
This is getting us nowhere.
This is getting very complicated.
This is getting way too complicated.
This is getting weirder.
This is getting worse.
This is gibberish to me.
This is gibberish.
This is giving me a headache.
This is goat cheese.
This is going nowhere.
This is going on your permanent record!
This is going on your permanent record.
This is going perfectly.
This is going so slow!
This is going splendidly.
This is going to affect Mennad's future.
This is going to be a challenge!
This is going to be a challenge.
This is going to be a critical moment for Algeria.
This is going to be a good show.
This is going to be a great day!
This is going to be a great help.
This is going to be a great trip.
This is going to be a long bus ride.
This is going to be a long day.
This is going to be a long night.
This is going to be a long story.
This is going to be a lot of fun.
This is going to be a major challenge for Algeria.
This is going to be a problem.
This is going to be a wake-up call for Tom.
This is going to be all right.
This is going to be awesome.
This is going to be big.
This is going to be complicated.
This is going to be cool.
This is going to be difficult.
This is going to be easier than I thought.
This is going to be easy.
This is going to be epic!
This is going to be exciting.
This is going to be fabulous.
This is going to be fantastic.
This is going to be fine.
This is going to be fun.
This is going to be good for me.
This is going to be good for you too.
This is going to be good for you, too.
This is going to be good.
This is going to be great.
This is going to be interesting.
This is going to be long.
This is going to be messy.
This is going to be our final prep step.
This is going to be painful.
This is going to be pretty easy, I think.
This is going to be pretty easy.
This is going to be problematic.
This is going to be so good.
This is going to be so much fun.
This is going to be spectacular.
This is going to be swell.
This is going to be the hottest summer in thirty-six years.
This is going to be ugly.
This is going to be very expensive.
This is going to be very useful.
This is going to become history.
This is going to benefit you in life.
This is going to blow up in your face.
This is going to blow your mind.
This is going to change everything.
This is going to change your life.
This is going to come in handy.
This is going to come in very handy.
This is going to cost me a lot of money.
This is going to cost thirty euros.
This is going to cost you extra.
This is going to end in tears.
This is going to generate more traffic in Algiers.
This is going to get interesting.
This is going to get messy.
This is going to get ugly.
This is going to get you noticed.
This is going to happen a lot from now on.
This is going to happen.
This is going to have a severe negative impact on your career.
This is going to have disastrous consequences.
This is going to help you from a professional standpoint.
This is going to help you.
This is going to hurt Tom.
This is going to hurt a bit.
This is going to hurt a little.
This is going to hurt her.
This is going to hurt him.
This is going to hurt them.
This is going to hurt.
This is going to keep happening.
This is going to last for your whole life.
This is going to make you so much happier at home.
This is going to make you stand out at work.
This is going to pay off for you in the long run.
This is going to pay off for you.
This is going to require a long steady effort.
This is going to sound completely fatuous, but it's my honest answer.
This is going to speak volumes to you.
This is going to take Yanni some effort.
This is going to take a bit longer than we anticipated.
This is going to take a bit longer than we expected.
This is going to take a little bit longer than we thought.
This is going to take a little bit longer.
This is going to take a long time, said Tony.
This is going to take a long time.
This is going to take a lot of time.
This is going to take a moment.
This is going to take a while.
This is going to take forever.
This is going to take hours.
This is going to take some effort.
This is going to take some time to explain.
This is going to take some time.
This is going to take time.
This is going to take years.
This is going to work out fine.
This is going to work. I know it.
This is going too far.
This is going too fast for me.
This is going very well.
This is going way too far.
This is gold.
This is gonna be on Tennis TV, bro.
This is gonna be wild!
This is gonna get bad. Brace yourselves.
This is good advice.
This is good cheese.
This is good coffee.
This is good enough.
This is good food to feed to hungry teenagers.
This is good food.
This is good for Yanni.
This is good for both Algeria and Germany.
This is good for me.
This is good for our team.
This is good for us.
This is good for you.
This is good meat.
This is good news for Algeria.
This is good news for us.
This is good news to me.
This is good news, but I don't believe it.
This is good news.
This is good occasion to contact him.
This is good stuff!
This is good sushi.
This is good to know.
This is good, isn't it?
This is good, really good.
This is good-tasting honey.
This is good.
This is good; I love this.
This is goodbye then.
This is gooseberry.
This is government-funded research.
This is grape juice.
This is grass-fed organic beef.
This is great for us.
This is great love!
This is great news for Algeria.
This is great news for Boston.
This is great news for Tom.
This is great news.
This is great stuff.
This is great, but could you go slower?
This is great.
This is grist to his mill.
This is grossly unfair.
This is ground zero of the plane crash.
This is hair dye.
This is hair.
This is halal food.
This is handmade.
This is handpainted.
This is happening everywhere in Algeria.
This is happening here in Algeria.
This is happening here in Kabylie.
This is happening in Algeria.
This is happening in Kabylie, Algeria.
This is happening in many parts of Algeria.
This is happening too fast.
This is happening too often.
This is happening too quickly.
This is happening way too fast.
This is happening.
This is harassment.
This is hard for me to believe.
This is hard for me to say.
This is hard for me.
This is hard for you, isn't it?
This is hard on Tom.
This is hard to conceptualize.
This is hard to do after what just happened.
This is hard to justify.
This is hard work.
This is hard.
This is harder than I expected it to be.
This is harder than I expected.
This is harder than I thought it would be.
This is harder than I thought.
This is harder than it looks.
This is harder than it seems.
This is hardly a justification for betraying your friend's confidence.
This is hardly surprising.
This is hardly the place for dancing.
This is hardly the time to start a new enterprise.
This is harmful for you.
This is harmless in itself.
This is heaven.
This is helpful for Ziri.
This is helpful.
This is her Kabyle dress.
This is her T-shirt. That T-shirt is hers, too.
This is her book.
This is her calculator.
This is her car, I think.
This is her daughter from her first wedding.
This is her desire.
This is her dirty little secret.
This is her ex-boyfriend.
This is her ex-husband.
This is her fault.
This is her favorite Kabyle dress.
This is her favorite flower.
This is her first Finnish poem collection.
This is her first date since 2004.
This is her fortieth birthday.
This is her friend.
This is her handbag.
This is her house.
This is her last chance.
This is her last interview.
This is her life.
This is her number.
This is her pen.
This is her private life.
This is her second nod by Booker judges. She also won in 2000 for "The Blind Assassin."
This is her second son.
This is her son, Sami.
This is her speciality.
This is her umbrella, right?
This is her weak point.
This is her wedding day.
This is her wish.
This is her.
This is herbal tea.
This is here for a reason.
This is here to stay.
This is hers.
This is highly illegal.
This is highly inefficient.
This is highly irregular.
This is highly recommended.
This is highly unusual.
This is hilarious.
This is him.
This is his Algerian daughter-in-law.
This is his Berber teacher.
This is his CD.
This is his Twitter account.
This is his answer to my letter.
This is his baby's room!
This is his brainchild.
This is his brolly, isn't it?
This is his calculator.
This is his car, I think.
This is his car.
This is his car. The other one is mine.
This is his cherished desire.
This is his daughter from his first marriage.
This is his desire.
This is his dog.
This is his eleventh hour.
This is his fault.
This is his favorite flower.
This is his first novel.
This is his first time talking to a foreigner.
This is his first trip to Algiers.
This is his first violation.
This is his first year here.
This is his first year in Algeria.
This is his formula.
This is his handbag.
This is his hometown.
This is his horse.
This is his house.
This is his last chance.
This is his last letter.
This is his last movie.
This is his letter, but it is not signed.
This is his lunch group.
This is his maternal grandfather.
This is his most famous concerto.
This is his most famous piece.
This is his most famous symphony.
This is his number.
This is his office.
This is his only chance.
This is his only possession.
This is his opinion.
This is his partner.
This is his plane.
This is his shop.
This is his sixth accident.
This is his smallest child.
This is his umbrella, isn't it?
This is his umbrella, isn’t it?
This is his umbrella, right?
This is his wish.
This is his.
This is history in the making.
This is hogwash.
This is holy ground.
This is home for me.
This is home now.
This is homemade jam.
This is hopeless.
This is horrible.
This is hot, not cold.
This is how Bangladesh Bank has evaluated the economy of the outgoing year.
This is how Fadil got to meet Layla.
This is how I became a Muslim.
This is how I came to Islam.
This is how I cook fish.
This is how I did it.
This is how I do it.
This is how I feel.
This is how I go about it.
This is how I got acquainted with them.
This is how I learned English.
This is how I learned French.
This is how I learned to speak French.
This is how I learnt to speak Berber.
This is how I like it.
This is how I made it.
This is how I made the machine.
This is how I mastered English.
This is how I mastered French.
This is how I met your mother.
This is how I run my group.
This is how I run my team.
This is how I solved the difficult problem.
This is how I solved the problem.
This is how I spend most of my time.
This is how I thought it would happen.
This is how I usually cook fish.
This is how I usually spend my weekends.
This is how I want to be remembered.
This is how I was born.
This is how I would like to use Toki Pona.
This is how I would say it.
This is how I wrote it.
This is how I've always done this, and I plan to continue doing it this way.
This is how I've always done this, and I plan to keep doing it this way.
This is how I've always done this, and I plan to keep on doing it this way.
This is how I've always done this.
This is how Muslims pray.
This is how Pandark got lost in his room and no one ever saw him again. Some people say that he died of hunger, others say that he still wanders around, looking for his CDs.
This is how Pandark got lost in his room and noone ever saw him again. Some people say that he died of hunger, some other tell that he still wanders, looking for his CDs.
This is how Sami got to meet Layla.
This is how Sami wanted the house to be.
This is how Scott and his men arrived at the South Pole.
This is how Tom did it.
This is how Tom did that.
This is how Tom does it.
This is how Tom does that.
This is how Tom was born.
This is how Tom was killed.
This is how William's life turned into a horror movie.
This is how Yanni learned the Quran.
This is how Ziri became Muslim.
This is how Ziri does it.
This is how Ziri feels.
This is how Ziri hides his pain.
This is how a mother calls.
This is how a mother's love is.
This is how accidents happen.
This is how far we can go.
This is how grown-ups have fun.
This is how he earned so much money.
This is how he failed.
This is how he has succeeded in running the factory.
This is how he killed the big bear.
This is how he smiled at me.
This is how he solved the difficult problem.
This is how he succeeded in the job.
This is how it all came about.
This is how it feels to be on top of the world.
This is how it happened.
This is how it has always been.
This is how it has to be.
This is how it is done in America. How is it done in Japan?
This is how it is.
This is how it should be.
This is how it should have been.
This is how it stands.
This is how it used to be.
This is how it was taught to us.
This is how it went.
This is how it will happen. The lock will close.
This is how it will happen: the lock will catch.
This is how it will happen: the lock will close.
This is how it works.
This is how it's always been.
This is how it's supposed to be.
This is how kids learn nowadays.
This is how life is in Gaza.
This is how many?
This is how our ancestors handed it down.
This is how our relationship started.
This is how people get rid of things they no longer need.
This is how people will know you are my disciples: if you love each other.
This is how she acts each time.
This is how the accident happened.
This is how the ancestors left it.
This is how the great empire came into existence.
This is how the incident happened.
This is how the mind works.
This is how the people are doing.
This is how the story goes.
This is how the tunnel looked like when it was opened back in the 1980's.
This is how the wall rejected all of them.
This is how the whole thing got started.
This is how they catch an elephant alive.
This is how they hunt elephants alive.
This is how time is all wasted.
This is how to cook rice.
This is how to flush the toilet.
This is how we cook fish here.
This is how we cook rice.
This is how we do it.
This is how we express ourselves.
This is how we make ice cream.
This is how we reached the conclusion.
This is how we remember since the mother of the world existed.
This is how we remember since the world began.
This is how we spread syphilis.
This is how we started.
This is how we support ourselves.
This is how we work.
This is how we're used to doing it.
This is how we've got to know each other.
This is how we’ve got to know each other.
This is how you cook rice.
This is how you do it.
This is how you do that.
This is how you execute CLSID applet commands.
This is how you get results.
This is how you look right now.
This is how you repay me for my kindness?
This is how you should hold your gun.
This is how you should hold your knife.
This is how you spell it in Berber.
This is how!
This is huge.
This is humanitarian aid from Tom.
This is humiliating.
This is hysterical.
This is ice.
This is illegal in Algeria.
This is illegal in the European Union.
This is illegal, you know.
This is illegal.
This is immoral.
This is imperfect.
This is impermeable to water.
This is important enough for separate treatment.
This is important for those practising sport at any level.
This is important in Algeria.
This is important stuff.
This is important to Tom.
This is important to her.
This is important to him.
This is important to me to share with you.
This is important to me.
This is important to them.
This is important to us.
This is important, so I'd be really grateful if you could explain everything properly to me one more time.
This is important, so pay attention.
This is important, trust me.
This is important.
This is imported paper.
This is impossible for human beings, but for God everything is possible.
This is impossible for me.
This is impossible!
This is impossible.
This is impressive.
This is in English.
This is in French.
This is in Kabylie.
This is in Tom's best interest.
This is in Traditional Chinese characters.
This is in direct violation of Algerian law.
This is in direct violation of Islamic law.
This is in effect less expensive than that.
This is in itself not new for me, but the couple wanted to live in a comfortable home, which called for an extensive renovation.
This is in one of the largest airports in the world.
This is in one of the largest cities in the world.
This is in one of the largest museums in the world.
This is in one of the largest stadiums in the world.
This is in one of the largest zoos in the world.
This is inaccurate.
This is inadmissible.
This is inappropriate.
This is inauspicious.
This is incomparably great.
This is incorrect.
This is increasingly a financial nightmare for Algeria.
This is incredible! How do you hit a winner from that position?!
This is incredible.
This is incredibly cheap.
This is incredibly difficult.
This is incredibly expensive.
This is incredibly frustrating.
This is incredibly good.
This is incredibly inexpensive.
This is indeed a huge problem.
This is indeed shameful.
This is indeed true.
This is indeed very efficient.
This is indispensable.
This is inedible.
This is ineffective.
This is inefficient.
This is inexcusable.
This is infinity here. It could be infinity. We really don't know. But it could be. It has to be something — but it could be infinity, right?
This is information warfare.
This is infuriating.
This is insane.
This is insane. I cannot believe this.
This is insanity.
This is insecticide.
This is insoluble in water.
This is insubordination.
This is insufficient.
This is insulting.
This is intangible.
This is interesting indeed.
This is interesting news.
This is interesting to me.
This is interesting to no one.
This is interesting, isn't it?
This is interesting.
This is international common sense, the great principle of resource management.
This is intolerable.
This is intriguing.
This is iron.
This is irrefutable proof that Mary is innocent.
This is irregular.
This is irrelevant.
This is it.
This is it. Go there and tell him you love him.
This is it. It's over!
This is it. They're going to kill me.
This is it. They’re going to kill me.
This is just a big waste of time.
This is just a bump in the road.
This is just a fondue I'm making for tonight.
This is just a game.
This is just a hobby for me.
This is just a hypothesis.
This is just a misunderstanding.
This is just a normal towel.
This is just a paperweight.
This is just a part of my life in Algeria.
This is just a personal opinion.
This is just a pile of bullshit!
This is just a precaution.
This is just a projection of what I think of myself.
This is just a reminder of your appointment tomorrow at 2:30 with Dr. Jackson.
This is just a rumor.
This is just a silly superstition.
This is just a simple outlook on Algeria's economy.
This is just a small gift, but please accept it.
This is just a stepping stone.
This is just a symbol of Islam.
This is just a symptom of a bigger problem.
This is just a symptom of a much bigger problem.
This is just a temp job. I'm out as soon as I'm done with college.
This is just a temporary break up.
This is just a temporary problem.
This is just a temporary repair.
This is just a temporary situation.
This is just a ten minute walk.
This is just a test run.
This is just a test.
This is just a theory.
This is just a usual day in Boston.
This is just a wake-up call.
This is just a warning.
This is just a waste of time.
This is just amazing.
This is just among ourselves.
This is just an estimate.
This is just an excuse.
This is just an idle threat.
This is just an illusion.
This is just annoying.
This is just another day.
This is just another hurdle to overcome.
This is just as hard for me as it is for you.
This is just awesome.
This is just awful.
This is just between you and me, he is a big eater.
This is just between you and me.
This is just considered normal wear and tear.
This is just crazy.
This is just for fun.
This is just for you.
This is just for your own personal use.
This is just going to take a minute.
This is just his first day.
This is just how life is.
This is just inexcusable.
This is just insane.
This is just karma.
This is just like a dream.
This is just like his house.
This is just like old times.
This is just like the one I used to have.
This is just me, showing off for the girls.
This is just my opinion.
This is just my personal opinion.
This is just not going to happen.
This is just one example.
This is just one of many things we have to do before we can go home.
This is just one of many.
This is just one piece of it.
This is just our chance; we shall never have a better; and we should be fools if we did not take it, now that it has come in our way.
This is just outrageous.
This is just part of Yanni's strategy.
This is just propaganda.
This is just pure evil.
This is just racism!
This is just ridiculous.
This is just something I have to do.
This is just speculation.
This is just stupid.
This is just terrible.
This is just the CD that I was looking for.
This is just the beginning of what you are seeing in this subject.
This is just the beginning.
This is just the book I was looking for.
This is just the milk run.
This is just the type of car I want.
This is just the way I like it done.
This is just to confirm receipt of your letter.
This is just to start the ball rolling.
This is just too big for one person to carry.
This is just too big to carry.
This is just too big to easily carry.
This is just too difficult for me.
This is just too easy.
This is just too expensive.
This is just too hard for me.
This is just too much!
This is just too much.
This is just too weird.
This is just unbelievable.
This is just vodka. I mean water.
This is just water.
This is just what I had in mind.
This is just what I have been looking for so long.
This is just what I need.
This is just what I needed.
This is just what I want.
This is just what I wanted.
This is just what I was hoping for.
This is just what I was hoping to get.
This is just what I was hoping would happen.
This is just what I was looking for.
This is just what Mary said she wanted.
This is just what Tom and Mary need.
This is just what Tom and Mary said they wanted.
This is just what Tom didn't want to happen.
This is just what Tom needs.
This is just what Tom predicted would happen.
This is just what Tom said he wanted.
This is just what we need.
This is just what we needed.
This is just wrong.
This is just.
This is justice.
This is justified.
This is killing me.
This is killing us.
This is kind like a dream.
This is kind of a drag.
This is kind of a special circumstance.
This is kind of a waste of time, isn't it?
This is kind of awkward.
This is kind of boring.
This is kind of complicated.
This is kind of cool.
This is kind of dangerous.
This is kind of depressing.
This is kind of embarrassing, actually.
This is kind of embarrassing.
This is kind of expensive.
This is kind of fun.
This is kind of interesting.
This is kind of lame.
This is kind of nice, don't you think?
This is kind of sad.
This is kind of sudden, isn't it?
This is kind of urgent.
This is lame.
This is last month's magazine.
This is legal.
This is lemon juice.
This is life in the fast lane!
This is life!
This is life, there comes a time when everything ends in an instant.
This is life.
This is like a bad comedy.
This is like a bad dream.
This is like a dream come true for me.
This is like a fantasy come true for me.
This is like being in a confectionery.
This is like bringing water to the sea.
This is like casting pearls before swine.
This is like fighting someone with one arm tied behind your back.
This is like magic.
This is like pouring salt into a wound.
This is like putting an arsonist as head of a fire department.
This is like rearranging the deckchairs on the Titanic.
This is like shooting fish in a barrel.
This is like taking candy from a baby.
This is like that man who came before Rabba and said to him: "An official said to me, 'Go kill so-and-so and if you don't, I will kill you.'" He said to him, "He should kill you and you should not kill. What did you think, that your blood is redder? Perhaps that man's blood is redder."
This is like the movies.
This is likely important.
This is likely our last show.
This is likely the first time that these collectives, and the Latinx zines movement, have received scholarly investigation.
This is likely the wrong place.
This is likely.
This is lingonberry.
This is literally and figuratively out of this world.
This is literally impossible.
This is literally the best date I've eaten in my entire life.
This is little different from what I want.
This is locked.
This is long overdue.
This is longer than any other bridge in the world.
This is looking better already.
This is love.
This is lovely.
This is ludicrous.
This is lunacy.
This is luxury beyond my income.
This is mad.
This is made in Kazakhstan.
This is made of wood.
This is made out of recycled materials.
This is madness!
This is madness.
This is magnificent.
This is mahjong.
This is mainly a matter of numbers.
This is making me giddy.
This is making me jumpy.
This is making me really angry.
This is making me want to bang my head against a wall.
This is malfunctioning.
This is man talk.
This is man-made.
This is mass voter disenfranchisement.
This is maybe not the place I'm looking for.
This is me and this is my cat.
This is me eating a banana.
This is me ten years ago.
This is me when I was 26.
This is me, Aunt Wong.
This is me, eating a banana.
This is me.
This is me?
This is meat.
This is messed up in every possible sense.
This is messed up.
This is mildly disconcerting.
This is milk.
This is mince.
This is mind blowing.
This is mind-blowing.
This is mine to sell, not yours.
This is mine!
This is mine! You borrowed it from me last year and you never returned it.
This is mine, and that's yours.
This is mine, and that’s yours.
This is mine, and this is yours.
This is mine, isn't it?
This is mine, not Tom's.
This is mine, not my sister's.
This is mine, right?
This is mine.
This is mine. Everything else here belongs to Tom.
This is mine. Get your own.
This is mine. I don't know where hers is.
This is mine. I don't know where his is.
This is miserable.
This is misinformation.
This is mocking certain people's inability to engage with any political topic without comparing it to Harry Potter.
This is moderately spicy but appetite-stimulating.
This is moderately spicy but arouses appetite.
This is moderately spicy but stimulates the appetite.
This is moderately spicy, but it does get your juices flowing.
This is moderately spicy, but it does stimulate the appetite.
This is modern day Algeria.
This is modern figurative art.
This is money I made with my work.
This is money that our mother earned by the sweat of her brow, so use it carefully.
This is money.
This is moonshine.
This is morally wrong.
This is more complicated than I thought it would be.
This is more difficult than I expected.
This is more difficult than I thought it would be.
This is more difficult than bringing my great grandmother back to life.
This is more efficient.
This is more expensive than I expected.
This is more expensive than that.
This is more fun than doing homework.
This is more important!
This is more important.
This is more interactive.
This is more like a liquid than a facial cream. That makes it easy to use.
This is more like an anticlimax.
This is more like it.
This is more of a curse than a blessing.
This is more of the same.
This is more than I can handle right now.
This is more than I can handle.
This is more than I have earned.
This is more than I need.
This is more than a coincidence.
This is more than enough for me.
This is more than enough.
This is more than exceptional.
This is more than just a game.
This is more than just a visit.
This is morning rush hour.
This is most of it.
This is most unfortunate.
This is mostly true.
This is moving in the wrong direction.
This is much better than what Tom gave me.
This is much better.
This is much dearer.
This is much easier.
This is much less money than we expected.
This is much less than Fadil expected.
This is much less than Sami expected.
This is much more delicious than what Tom usually makes.
This is much more expensive.
This is much more risky.
This is much tastier than what Tom usually makes.
This is much the best.
This is much the better of the two.
This is much the most expensive car in the shop.
This is much worse.
This is music to my ears.
This is mutiny!
This is my 60th sentence since this morning.
This is my Berber vocab book.
This is my Berber vocabulary book.
This is my CD.
This is my Halloween costume from last year.
This is my Halloween costume.
This is my I.D. card.
This is my Japanese friend.
This is my Kabyle dress.
This is my Muslim friend.
This is my R.B.F.: resting bitch face.
This is my Spanish student ID card.
This is my TV set.
This is my Ziri.
This is my absolute right.
This is my accordion.
This is my account book.
This is my advice.
This is my airplane.
This is my alarm clock.
This is my annoying neighbor again.
This is my answer to the problem.
This is my answer to your question.
This is my apartment.
This is my apple.
This is my area of expertise.
This is my area.
This is my aspiration.
This is my assistant.
This is my associate.
This is my attitude.
This is my aunt Skura.
This is my aunt.
This is my baby.
This is my bag.
This is my bedroom.
This is my beer.
This is my belly button hole.
This is my beloved Algerian wife.
This is my best friend, Tom.
This is my best friend.
This is my best shirt.
This is my best student.
This is my best work to date.
This is my bicycle, not Tom's.
This is my bicycle.
This is my big break.
This is my big moment.
This is my biggest pet peeve.
This is my biggest worry.
This is my bike.
This is my black horse.
This is my boat.
This is my book, not Tom's.
This is my book, not yours.
This is my book.
This is my booze.
This is my boss.
This is my boyfriend, Tom.
This is my brainchild.
This is my brother Tom.
This is my brother's wife. I mean, my sister-in-law.
This is my brother's.
This is my brother, Tom.
This is my brother.
This is my brother. Handsome, isn't he?
This is my brother. Handsome, isn’t he?
This is my buddy Tom.
This is my bus.
This is my business address.
This is my business card.
This is my business.
This is my calculator.
This is my calling.
This is my camera.
This is my car.
This is my cat.
This is my cat. That one is yours.
This is my cell number.
This is my chance, I can’t waste it.
This is my check number.
This is my child.
This is my choice.
This is my city now.
This is my civics teacher.
This is my coach.
This is my coat, and that is my father's.
This is my coat, and that is my father’s.
This is my coat, and that's my father's.
This is my colleague.
This is my comment.
This is my computer.
This is my contact information.
This is my costume for Halloween.
This is my country, not yours.
This is my country.
This is my cousin Yanni.
This is my cousin who likes to eat pineapples.
This is my cousin.
This is my covenant which you shall observe between me and you, and thy seed after thee: All the male-kind of you shall be circumcised. And you shall circumcise the flesh of your foreskin, that it may be for a sign of the covenant between me and you.
This is my cow.
This is my current address.
This is my dad.
This is my daughter Mary.
This is my daughter's school.
This is my daughter, Mary.
This is my daughter.
This is my dearest son.
This is my dearest wish.
This is my decision.
This is my dentist's office.
This is my desk.
This is my destiny.
This is my dick.
This is my dictionary.
This is my digital arts teacher.
This is my doctor's office.
This is my dog.
This is my doing.
This is my doll.
This is my dream come true.
This is my dream house.
This is my dream job.
This is my dream kitchen.
This is my dream.
This is my drink.
This is my driver.
This is my drug!
This is my dwelling.
This is my email address.
This is my equipment.
This is my exercise book. Yours is over there.
This is my expectation.
This is my face towel.
This is my family.
This is my farm, and it isn't for sale.
This is my fate.
This is my father's bicycle.
This is my father's house.
This is my father's room.
This is my father's shirt.
This is my father's workplace.
This is my father's.
This is my father.
This is my father’s.
This is my fault.
This is my favorite Algerian song.
This is my favorite Chinese restaurant.
This is my favorite Christmas song.
This is my favorite T-shirt.
This is my favorite bar.
This is my favorite beer.
This is my favorite bicycle.
This is my favorite book of all time.
This is my favorite book.
This is my favorite bookshop.
This is my favorite bookstore.
This is my favorite boy band.
This is my favorite camping spot in Kabylie.
This is my favorite carol.
This is my favorite channel.
This is my favorite cocktail.
This is my favorite color.
This is my favorite dish.
This is my favorite dress.
This is my favorite drink.
This is my favorite fairy tale.
This is my favorite food.
This is my favorite game.
This is my favorite gingerbread cookie recipe.
This is my favorite jacket.
This is my favorite kimono.
This is my favorite kind of music.
This is my favorite kind of weather.
This is my favorite meal.
This is my favorite movie.
This is my favorite object.
This is my favorite one.
This is my favorite orchestra.
This is my favorite outfit.
This is my favorite painting.
This is my favorite pair of shoes.
This is my favorite park.
This is my favorite part of the movie!
This is my favorite part of the movie.
This is my favorite part of this movie.
This is my favorite part of this song.
This is my favorite part.
This is my favorite piece of music.
This is my favorite place in the world.
This is my favorite place in this city.
This is my favorite place on Earth.
This is my favorite place to eat.
This is my favorite place to perform.
This is my favorite place.
This is my favorite project.
This is my favorite recipe.
This is my favorite restaurant in Algiers.
This is my favorite restaurant in Boston.
This is my favorite restaurant.
This is my favorite shirt.
This is my favorite show.
This is my favorite soap opera.
This is my favorite song by this group.
This is my favorite song on the album.
This is my favorite song.
This is my favorite spoon.
This is my favorite spot.
This is my favorite subject.
This is my favorite symphony.
This is my favorite teacher.
This is my favorite thing to do in the evening.
This is my favorite thing to do in the summer.
This is my favorite thing to do.
This is my favorite time of the day.
This is my favorite time of the year.
This is my favorite time of year in Boston.
This is my favorite time of year.
This is my favorite towel.
This is my favorite toy.
This is my favorite track on the entire disc.
This is my favorite way of doing this.
This is my favorite way to cook trout.
This is my favorite way to do this.
This is my favorite way to eat apples.
This is my favorite way to learn Berber vocabulary.
This is my favorite website.
This is my favorite.
This is my favourite book.
This is my favourite bookshop.
This is my favourite colour.
This is my favourite football ground.
This is my favourite movie.
This is my favourite object.
This is my favourite painting.
This is my favourite park.
This is my favourite place.
This is my favourite project.
This is my favourite song.
This is my favourite subject.
This is my favourite time of year.
This is my favourite.
This is my fiancé.
This is my final offer.
This is my final offer. Take it or leave it.
This is my final post.
This is my final question.
This is my final word on it.
This is my first Christmas since my parents passed away.
This is my first Eid in Algeria.
This is my first Ramadan in Algeria.
This is my first Ramadan in Germany.
This is my first Russian sentence.
This is my first attempt.
This is my first camping trip.
This is my first car.
This is my first confession and I have every reason to be nervous.
This is my first confession. I have reasons to be nervous!
This is my first cruise.
This is my first day.
This is my first husband's second wife.
This is my first husband.
This is my first journey by airplane.
This is my first love.
This is my first marriage.
This is my first priority.
This is my first sentence.
This is my first spring in Boston.
This is my first ten in chemistry.
This is my first time around here too.
This is my first time camping.
This is my first time contributing to Tatoeba, so I'm a little nervous.. please be kind with me.
This is my first time doing stand up. I hope the crowd doesn't heckle me.
This is my first time doing this.
This is my first time hanging out with Yanni and his friends.
This is my first time here.
This is my first time in Algiers.
This is my first time in Bejaia.
This is my first time in Bejaia. I have just got off the bus.
This is my first time in Boston.
This is my first time in this shop so I don't know what's recommended. Do you have any recommendations you could give me?
This is my first time putting out a fire with sand.
This is my first time seeing a dentist.
This is my first time speaking German with a German person.
This is my first time to be here.
This is my first time to do this.
This is my first time to ever ride in a helicopter.
This is my first time to fly.
This is my first time to go anywhere by plane.
This is my first time to try doing it this way.
This is my first time to try water skiing.
This is my first time to visit Australia.
This is my first time to visit Boston.
This is my first time, so I'm a little nervous.
This is my first time.
This is my first trip to Algeria.
This is my first trip to Algiers.
This is my first trip.
This is my first visit to Australia.
This is my first visit to Boston.
This is my first wife's second husband.
This is my first wife.
This is my flatmate.
This is my fondest wish.
This is my fourth day here in Algiers.
This is my fourth day in Algiers.
This is my free interpretation of the contents of the letter.
This is my friend Rachel. We went to high school together.
This is my friend Rachel. We went to school together.
This is my friend Rachel. We went to the same high school.
This is my friend Tom.
This is my friend's book.
This is my friend's letter.
This is my friend, Alex. I met them at work.
This is my friend, Jamal.
This is my friend, Skura.
This is my friend, Tom.
This is my friend.
This is my gift to you.
This is my girlfriend, Mary.
This is my girlfriend, Skura.
This is my girlfriend.
This is my goal.
This is my good friend, Ziri.
This is my good luck charm.
This is my gorgeous Skura.
This is my gorgeous sister.
This is my grandfather.
This is my grandmother's birthday.
This is my grandmother's recipe.
This is my grandmother.
This is my grandparents' house.
This is my great-grandfather.
This is my guitar.
This is my gun.
This is my handbag.
This is my hat in the summer.
This is my heart.
This is my high school and I don't want any Confederate flag in it.
This is my history notebook.
This is my history teacher.
This is my home and I'm not going to move to make more money.
This is my home now.
This is my home, too.
This is my home.
This is my hometown.
This is my hope.
This is my horse.
This is my house in the winter.
This is my house key.
This is my house! Get out of here right now!
This is my house, but I don't live here.
This is my house.
This is my housemate.
This is my humble abode.
This is my humble house.
This is my husband's handgun.
This is my husband.
This is my idea.
This is my identity.
This is my inalienable right.
This is my intention.
This is my jacket.
This is my job.
This is my kid.
This is my kitchen.
This is my last chance to do this before I go to Boston.
This is my last chance to see Tom.
This is my last day among you.
This is my last day at this school.
This is my last night in Algiers.
This is my last offer.
This is my last one.
This is my last project.
This is my last resort.
This is my last review.
This is my last sentence for today.
This is my last slice of cake, I promise!
This is my last term as governor.
This is my last term as mayor.
This is my last time.
This is my last water balloon.
This is my last will and testament.
This is my latest review.
This is my lawyer's office.
This is my legitimate right.
This is my letter of resignation.
This is my life and no one has the right to tell me how to live it.
This is my life and no one has the right to tell me what to do.
This is my life and this is who I am.
This is my life as a Muslim.
This is my life now.
This is my life right now.
This is my life's ambition.
This is my life, OK?
This is my life.
This is my limit.
This is my little brother, Tom.
This is my little friend.
This is my little sister Sakiko. She was born the same year as me and is now studying for her exams.
This is my little sister, Mary.
This is my longest article on Wikipedia.
This is my lucky day, apparently.
This is my lucky day.
This is my lucky number.
This is my maternal aunt.
This is my medication.
This is my mission.
This is my mobile number.
This is my mobile phone.
This is my mobile.
This is my mom's book.
This is my mom.
This is my money, not yours.
This is my money.
This is my mother's chicken soup recipe.
This is my mother's computer.
This is my mother's recipe.
This is my mother's restaurant.
This is my mother's.
This is my mother-in-law.
This is my mother.
This is my mother. Her name is Beatrice.
This is my mouth.
This is my mum and my dad.
This is my music teacher.
This is my natural hair color.
This is my neighbor's dog.
This is my neighbor's pet.
This is my neighbor's son, Tom.
This is my nephew.
This is my nephew. He is my brother's son.
This is my new car.
This is my new guitar.
This is my new manager.
This is my new news.
This is my new skirt.
This is my new teacher.
This is my new tricycle.
This is my new video.
This is my new wife, Rima.
This is my nicest dress.
This is my niece.
This is my niece. She is my sister's daughter.
This is my notebook.
This is my number.
This is my office.
This is my old bicycle.
This is my old bike.
This is my old friend, Tom.
This is my old neighborhood.
This is my older brother Tom.
This is my older brother.
This is my only advice to you.
This is my only condition and my last word.
This is my only suit.
This is my only uniform.
This is my opinion, not hers.
This is my opinion, not his.
This is my opinion, not yours.
This is my opinion.
This is my other sister.
This is my own bike.
This is my own land, it belongs to me.
This is my page on Facebook.
This is my painting.
This is my part of town.
This is my partner, Tom.
This is my partner.
This is my passion.
This is my passport.
This is my path.
This is my pencil.
This is my personal bubble. Please don't touch me.
This is my personal opinion.
This is my phone number.
This is my phone.
This is my place.
This is my plan.
This is my planet. Go back where you came from, you dirty Martian.
This is my postcode.
This is my present to you.
This is my priority at the moment.
This is my problem and I'll deal with it.
This is my problem and I'm going to deal with it.
This is my problem.
This is my project.
This is my property.
This is my property. From now on, don't enter here anymore.
This is my protege.
This is my purpose.
This is my question.
This is my real hair.
This is my red pen. Give it back.
This is my red pencil.
This is my report card.
This is my rifle.
This is my room.
This is my room. You can't just barge in here!
This is my room. You can't just barge in like that!
This is my roommate.
This is my sandwich.
This is my sanitorium.
This is my schedule.
This is my school.
This is my seat.
This is my second counseling session.
This is my second experience flight with plane.
This is my second experience flying on a plane.
This is my second husband.
This is my second marriage.
This is my second wife.
This is my sentence! It was made for me!
This is my sentence.
This is my ship.
This is my shortest article on Wikipedia.
This is my sibling.
This is my sister Mary.
This is my sister's camera.
This is my sister's.
This is my sister, Aynur.
This is my sister, Mary.
This is my sister.
This is my sister. She is called Julia.
This is my sketchbook.
This is my sleeping bag.
This is my solemn pledge: I will work to build a single nation of justice and opportunity.
This is my son Tom.
This is my son's CD.
This is my son, Tom.
This is my son, everything else is destiny.
This is my son-in-law's workshop.
This is my son.
This is my song!
This is my song.
This is my spare locker key.
This is my special place.
This is my special recipe.
This is my special sauce.
This is my spoon.
This is my spot.
This is my stadium and I don't want any Confederate flag in it.
This is my star pupil.
This is my stepdad.
This is my stepdaughter.
This is my stepfather.
This is my stepmother.
This is my stepson, Tom.
This is my stepson.
This is my stop.
This is my story.
This is my style.
This is my suitcase.
This is my table.
This is my tackle box.
This is my teacher's bag.
This is my teacher, a dedicated friend. There is no one more learned than him on this planet.
This is my teacher. He is called Mr. Haddad.
This is my teammate, Donnavan.
This is my teammate, Tom.
This is my territory.
This is my therapist's office.
This is my third Christmas away from home.
This is my third home.
This is my third marriage.
This is my third time here.
This is my third time in Australia.
This is my third time in Boston.
This is my third time to come here.
This is my third time to visit Australia.
This is my third time to visit Boston.
This is my third week.
This is my third wish.
This is my third year.
This is my thousandth English sentence.
This is my thousandth Esperanto sentence.
This is my thousandth sentence in Esperanto.
This is my toolbox.
This is my town.
This is my translation.
This is my treat.
This is my twentieth birthday.
This is my umbrella, not Tom's.
This is my umbrella.
This is my uncle's car.
This is my uncle.
This is my underground bunker. Well, what do you think?
This is my union.
This is my very good friend Tom.
This is my very last chance to see Tom.
This is my voice.
This is my wallet.
This is my way of saying thank you.
This is my way.
This is my wedding day.
This is my wife Anda.
This is my wife Edita.
This is my wife's car.
This is my wife, Mary.
This is my wife.
This is my wig.
This is my wine.
This is my work address.
This is my workout gear.
This is my workplace.
This is my workroom.
This is my workshop.
This is my workstation.
This is my world.
This is my worst fear.
This is my wrench.
This is my younger brother's bike.
This is my younger brother.
This is my younger sister.
This is my youngest grandchild.
This is my youngest son.
This is mystifying.
This is nail fungus.
This is native soil and it has nutrients in it.
This is natural.
This is neat.
This is necessary for production.
This is necessary for this kind of activity.
This is necessary.
This is neither grammatically nor factually correct.
This is neither new nor unknown.
This is neither the moment nor the place for that.
This is neither the moment nor the place.
This is neither the moment, nor the place, Tom.
This is neither the right moment nor the right place, Tom.
This is neither the time nor the place for that.
This is nerve wracking.
This is never going to end.
This is never going to happen again.
This is never going to happen.
This is never going to work in Algeria.
This is never going to work.
This is new to Tom.
This is new to me.
This is new.
This is news to me.
This is nice, isn't it?
This is nice.
This is no accident.
This is no big deal.
This is no business for women.
This is no cause for celebration.
This is no different.
This is no easy task.
This is no fun.
This is no good.
This is no joke.
This is no laughing matter.
This is no life!
This is no longer an isolated problem.
This is no longer criticism, but persecution.
This is no longer for sale.
This is no longer funny.
This is no longer just a friendship.
This is no longer news.
This is no longer relevant.
This is no longer the case.
This is no longer true.
This is no man's land.
This is no mere coincidence.
This is no myth.
This is no one's fault.
This is no ordinary trumpet.
This is no place for Tom.
This is no place for a three-year-old kid.
This is no place for charity.
This is no place for children.
This is no place for kids.
This is no place for me! I was not born for work.
This is no place for you to be.
This is no place for you.
This is no simple task.
This is no small task.
This is no suicide. It is a very deeply planned and cold-blooded murder.
This is no surprise.
This is no time for jokes.
This is no time for joking.
This is no time for modesty.
This is no time for regrets.
This is no time for your jokes.
This is no time to argue.
This is no time to be a hero.
This is no time to be funny.
This is no time to be joking.
This is no time to be shy.
This is no time to be sorry.
This is no time to be squeamish.
This is no time to be stubborn.
This is no time to chat. I've got a speech to give.
This is no time to panic.
This is no time to quibble over terminology.
This is no trivial accomplishment.
This is no way to behave.
This is no way to live.
This is no way to run a partnership.
This is no way to treat a lady.
This is no way to treat people.
This is no-man's-land.
This is noble.
This is non-negotiable.
This is nonconventional.
This is none of my business!
This is none of our business.
This is none of your business.
This is nonsense.
This is normal in my country.
This is normal to me.
This is normal where I come from.
This is normal.
This is normally a wet and cold season in Lazio, but this year there have been many days of blue skies and warm temperatures.
This is not Disneyland.
This is not Hebrew. It's Yiddish.
This is not Islam.
This is not Mennad's fault.
This is not Portuguese.
This is not Sami's usual nature.
This is not a "chicken and an egg" scenario!
This is not a Chinese sentence!
This is not a Third World country.
This is not a book for children.
This is not a bribe.
This is not a cat, it is a dog.
This is not a cat, it's a dog.
This is not a cat. This is a dog.
This is not a coincidence.
This is not a comfortable chair. Did you say it's electric?
This is not a commercial marina.
This is not a competition.
This is not a complete list.
This is not a complete sentence. Please change it to make it one.
This is not a complete, iron-clad, never-changing rule book. Rather, think of this as a general guide to discuss a few key concepts and introduce several tools that can help you keep the Internet relatively free and safe.
This is not a convincing argument.
This is not a dating website.
This is not a declarative sentence!
This is not a designated area for hiking or camping.
This is not a discovery, everybody knows it!
This is not a discussion, so just stop.
This is not a dog.
This is not a drill.
This is not a fair act.
This is not a fish.
This is not a free translation. It's a nonsense translation.
This is not a game!
This is not a game.
This is not a get-rich-quick scheme.
This is not a gimmick.
This is not a good idea.
This is not a good omen.
This is not a good sign.
This is not a good time to be a sailor in the Black Sea Fleet.
This is not a good time to dive.
This is not a good time to hang out.
This is not a hat.
This is not a hill I'm willing to die on.
This is not a hospital.
This is not a job for an amateur.
This is not a job that a woman can do.
This is not a joke to be told in the presence of your parents.
This is not a joke.
This is not a judgment.
This is not a laughing matter.
This is not a legitimate escort listing, it's a trap by the police.
This is not a lie.
This is not a lizard, it's a gecko.
This is not a metaphor.
This is not a method, this is provocation.
This is not a mistake.
This is not a new car.
This is not a new phenomenon.
This is not a number.
This is not a one word sentence.
This is not a parody, but a friendly caricature.
This is not a pipe.
This is not a place of honor.
This is not a popular job in Algeria.
This is not a proper English sentence.
This is not a real distinction.
This is not a rock. It's a mineral.
This is not a school, this is a hospital.
This is not a secret.
This is not a sentence.
This is not a sham.
This is not a shortcut; this is private property.
This is not a shrimp.
This is not a small house.
This is not a small problem.
This is not a smart idea on Yanni's part.
This is not a spider, it's a monster!
This is not a stone. It is a mineral.
This is not a table but a chair.
This is not a table.
This is not a thing that hurts.
This is not a thoroughfare.
This is not a threat.
This is not a tiger.
This is not a time for celebration.
This is not a time for indifference, the pope said, because the whole world is suffering and needs to be united in facing the pandemic.
This is not a toy!
This is not a trap.
This is not a travel ban.
This is not a trick.
This is not a turtle.
This is not a vacation, it's a survival course!
This is not a very good example.
This is not a video for the faint of heart.
This is not a video game, Tom! Slow down.
This is not a video game. This is real life.
This is not a war, this is an argument between two alcoholics.
This is not a whim; it’s a deep, personal choice.
This is not about money.
This is not about my capabilities. Even if I never had heard the slightest sound of english, I still could kneel down and put my face on the ground to show my submission. But who can force me into that?
This is not acceptable.
This is not all right.
This is not all!
This is not allowed.
This is not an accident, it's a murder.
This is not an alien, it's just a strange animal.
This is not an antiperspirant.
This is not an apple. It is an orange.
This is not an easy job.
This is not an easy question.
This is not an emergency issue.
This is not an error.
This is not an exercise.
This is not an inexpensive hotel.
This is not an official matter.
This is not an opinion; these are facts.
This is not as easy as I would like it to be.
This is not as easy as you might think.
This is not at all surprising.
This is not at all what I had expected.
This is not at all what I wanted.
This is not at all what I was looking for.
This is not at all what Tom expected.
This is not blue; it is violet.
This is not bravery but stupidity.
This is not butter. It's margarine.
This is not cheating.
This is not comedy.
This is not comforting.
This is not cool.
This is not correct.
This is not damaging.
This is not difficult.
This is not easy at all.
This is not easy for me.
This is not enough for Algeria's development needs.
This is not enough for me.
This is not enough.
This is not entirely Tom's fault.
This is not entirely surprising.
This is not even a little bit normal.
This is not even logical.
This is not even worth analyzing.
This is not exactly healthy.
This is not exactly my idea of having fun.
This is not exactly the kind of place you told me about.
This is not exactly what I was looking for.
This is not expensive.
This is not factual information.
This is not fair.
This is not fair. She can go but I can't go.
This is not fake.
This is not fish.
This is not for Yanni.
This is not for me.
This is not for the faint of heart.
This is not for the faint-hearted.
This is not for you.
This is not fully achievable in every instance.
This is not fun.
This is not funny anymore.
This is not funny!
This is not funny.
This is not going to be easy.
This is not going to end well for you.
This is not going to end well.
This is not going to fly with Tom.
This is not going to happen again.
This is not going to stop until you stop stealing my example sentences.
This is not going to work for Yanni.
This is not going to work.
This is not going well.
This is not good at all.
This is not good for Algeria.
This is not good for you.
This is not good news.
This is not good.
This is not grammatically correct.
This is not great news for Algeria.
This is not happening.
This is not her first offense.
This is not her handwriting.
This is not her true self.
This is not hers.
This is not his first offense.
This is not his handwriting.
This is not his hat?
This is not his phone.
This is not his true self.
This is not his.
This is not how I wanted this to end.
This is not how Sami envisioned his life ending.
This is not how friends should behave.
This is not important.
This is not important. What counts is success.
This is not in euros. It is in American dollars.
This is not just a meeting between two leaders, but also a new stage in a bilateral process, initiated by the countries themselves, without intermediaries, with defined conditions, towards a peace agreement.
This is not legal advice.
This is not like her at all.
This is not like him at all.
This is not mine.
This is not my Japanese friend.
This is not my area of expertise.
This is not my best moment.
This is not my book.
This is not my business!
This is not my car.
This is not my cat.
This is not my cat. Mine has white feet.
This is not my child.
This is not my cup of tea.
This is not my cup of tea. It's Tom's cup.
This is not my day.
This is not my family.
This is not my favourite subject.
This is not my favourite time of year.
This is not my first time adding a sentence.
This is not my first time canoeing.
This is not my first time riding a bicycle.
This is not my first time.
This is not my home.
This is not my house, this is not my place.
This is not my idea of a quiet vacation.
This is not my idea of a relaxing vacation.
This is not my idea of fun.
This is not my key.
This is not my name.
This is not my older brother.
This is not my plate.
This is not my problem.
This is not my signature!
This is not my son.
This is not my specialty.
This is not my ticket.
This is not my type.
This is not my village.
This is not natural.
This is not necessary.
This is not negotiable.
This is not new for Muslims.
This is not normal at all.
This is not normal.
This is not okay.
This is not only delicious, it's healthy.
This is not open for discussion.
This is not our car, it is theirs.
This is not our planet.
This is not our policy.
This is not our problem.
This is not ours.
This is not peace; it's an armistice for twenty years.
This is not permissible in Islam.
This is not political.
This is not proper Berber.
This is not quite enough.
This is not really appropriate to do in Algeria.
This is not really bad.
This is not safe.
This is not salt.
This is not satisfactory.
This is not so bad.
This is not so fun.
This is not so tragic.
This is not some cheap Izakaya, so we don't accept that customers sing loudly.
This is not some cheap Izakaya, so we don’t accept that customers sing loudly.
This is not something I am proud of.
This is not something harmful.
This is not something that anyone can do.
This is not spicy. Try it.
This is not spring.
This is not sure.
This is not surprising to me at all.
This is not that big of a deal.
This is not the America I know and love.
This is not the America I want for my children.
This is not the answer he was expecting.
This is not the best armour in the game, but it's definitely the coolest-looking.
This is not the best solution.
This is not the case and you know it very well.
This is not the case in Algeria.
This is not the case with everything.
This is not the country I know and love.
This is not the easiest way to make a living in Algeria.
This is not the end of the world.
This is not the entrance.
This is not the first incident.
This is not the first time Algeria has faced an economic crisis.
This is not the first time I can see something like that.
This is not the first time I had a mental block doing a job interview.
This is not the first time someone said that about me.
This is not the first time someone told me I should cut my hair short.
This is not the first time the U.S. has considered to purchase the massive ice-covered island.
This is not the first time this has happened.
This is not the first time you've been late.
This is not the highway, this is just an access road.
This is not the life Ziri wants.
This is not the main aim of this research.
This is not the newest of bikes.
This is not the only problem in Algeria.
This is not the only time this has happened to him.
This is not the proper way to hold a teacup.
This is not the report.
This is not the right time to travel abroad.
This is not the ring I bought you last year.
This is not the same.
This is not the time for blaming yourself.
This is not the time or the place, Tom.
This is not the time or the place.
This is not the time to be squeamish.
This is not the time to indulge in memories.
This is not the time to talk about that.
This is not the way I think.
This is not the way you were brought up.
This is not the word of God.
This is not theirs.
This is not to his liking.
This is not to say that Mr. Tanaka did it all on his own.
This is not toilet paper.
This is not trickery.
This is not true love.
This is not true.
This is not unique to Algeria alone.
This is not up for debate.
This is not usual.
This is not very polite.
This is not very stylish.
This is not voluntary.
This is not war.
This is not what David would have wanted.
This is not what I came for.
This is not what I had in mind.
This is not what I need.
This is not what I ordered.
This is not what I want.
This is not what I wanted to say.
This is not what I wanted.
This is not what Tom needs.
This is not what is Tom interested in.
This is not what it's about.
This is not what was asked.
This is not what we agreed on.
This is not what we had agreed on.
This is not what we want.
This is not what you think!
This is not where Yanni's energy should be at all.
This is not who we are.
This is not wishful thinking or a dream that may be set to crumble before our eyes.
This is not witchcraft.
This is not worth much.
This is not worthy of trust.
This is not yellow; it's green.
This is not your best work.
This is not your book, it's mine.
This is not your book, it’s mine.
This is not your father's police state.
This is not your knife.
This is not your personal blog.
This is not your place.
This is not your problem, it is mine.
This is not yours.
This is nothing more than a journalistic cliché.
This is nothing more than a marketing stunt.
This is nothing more than wishful thinking.
This is nothing more than xenophobia.
This is nothing new to him.
This is nothing new to me.
This is nothing new.
This is nothing other than stirring up ethnic strife.
This is nothing to sneeze at.
This is nothing to worry about.
This is nothing to write home about.
This is nothing.
This is now an obsolete term.
This is now inevitable.
This is now our home.
This is now the prevailing opinion.
This is nowhere near good enough.
This is number zero.
This is nuts.
This is obscene.
This is obvious!
This is obviously a mistake.
This is obviously a phallic representation.
This is obviously a sore point for Tom.
This is obviously a waste of time.
This is obviously dependent on the relationship...
This is obviously fake.
This is obviously false.
This is obviously impossible.
This is obviously just a big misunderstanding.
This is obviously not the best way to do it.
This is obviously the wrong path.
This is obviously wrong.
This is odd.
This is of course of little concern to me.
This is of fundamental importance.
This is of good quality.
This is of interest to me.
This is of interest to no one.
This is of no interest whatsoever.
This is of no use to me.
This is of particular concern.
This is off the record.
This is off-topic. Sorry.
This is offensive.
This is official.
This is often related to student-centered services.
This is often related to student-oriented services.
This is oil.
This is old news to me.
This is old news.
This is olive oil.
This is on me.
This is on my to-do list.
This is on sale.
This is on the list of banned books.
This is on the list of banned websites.
This is on you.
This is on your head.
This is one BORING movie! Wow!
This is one design.
This is one feisty man.
This is one fluid ounce.
This is one for the books.
This is one good way to show the young what this and other festivals are all about.
This is one of Algeria's architectural marvels.
This is one of Algeria's biggest problems.
This is one of Algeria's poorest regions.
This is one of Algiers' best known markets.
This is one of Algiers' finest neighborhood.
This is one of Algiers' most spectacular buildings.
This is one of Algiers' oldest and finest mosques.
This is one of Boldi's oddities.
This is one of Boston's best hotels.
This is one of Boston's finest hotels.
This is one of Boston's hippest neighbourhoods.
This is one of Boston's most closely guarded secrets.
This is one of Boston's most respected construction companies.
This is one of Boston's trendiest neighbourhoods.
This is one of London's top universities.
This is one of Rome's most charming streets.
This is one of Tatoeba's most closely guarded secrets.
This is one of Tom's best poems.
This is one of Tom's biggest fears.
This is one of Tom's favorite books.
This is one of Tom's favorite quotes.
This is one of Tom's greatest fears.
This is one of Tom's home remedies.
This is one of Tom's strengths.
This is one of Tom's talents.
This is one of Tom's weaknesses.
This is one of Ziri's favorite spots.
This is one of a kind.
This is one of her teachers.
This is one of his most famous sayings.
This is one of mine.
This is one of my all-time favourites films.
This is one of my best memories.
This is one of my biggest fears.
This is one of my colleagues.
This is one of my favorite bars.
This is one of my favorite beaches.
This is one of my favorite books.
This is one of my favorite chapters.
This is one of my favorite dishes.
This is one of my favorite movies.
This is one of my favorite places to visit.
This is one of my favorite places.
This is one of my favorite quotes.
This is one of my favorite restaurants.
This is one of my favorite shows.
This is one of my favorite songs.
This is one of my favorite spots to visit.
This is one of my favorite things.
This is one of my favourite books.
This is one of my favourite pubs.
This is one of my favourite songs.
This is one of my favourite spots to visit.
This is one of my greatest fears.
This is one of my original songs, not a cover.
This is one of our biggest challenges.
This is one of our top priorities.
This is one of the T-shirts I bought in Australia.
This is one of the aspects of my job that annoys me the most.
This is one of the aspects that bothers me most about my work.
This is one of the basic laws.
This is one of the basic rules.
This is one of the beauties of Islam.
This is one of the beautiful aspects of marriage.
This is one of the beautiful things I love about Islam.
This is one of the beautiful things that make me love Islam.
This is one of the best Chinese restaurants that I've ever eaten at.
This is one of the best Christmases I've ever had.
This is one of the best French restaurants in Boston.
This is one of the best beaches in Australia.
This is one of the best books I've ever read.
This is one of the best books I've read this year.
This is one of the best butcher shops in town.
This is one of the best computers that money can buy.
This is one of the best dictionaries I have.
This is one of the best local newspapers.
This is one of the best movies I've seen in a long time.
This is one of the best over-the-counter pain killers you can buy.
This is one of the best places to eat in town.
This is one of the best public schools in Boston.
This is one of the best restaurants I've ever been to.
This is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten in.
This is one of the best restaurants in Australia.
This is one of the best restaurants in Boston.
This is one of the best restaurants in the city.
This is one of the best restaurants in town.
This is one of the best restaurants that I've ever been to.
This is one of the best restaurants that I've ever eaten in.
This is one of the best schools in the city.
This is one of the best schools in the country.
This is one of the best ski resorts in this part of the country.
This is one of the best strategies I've seen in my life.
This is one of the best-selling cookbooks.
This is one of the big problems Algeria has.
This is one of the biggest mysteries in science today.
This is one of the books I want to read.
This is one of the books that I ordered from Australia.
This is one of the books that I want to read.
This is one of the busiest bridges in the city.
This is one of the busiest spots of Algiers.
This is one of the cakes that Tom baked.
This is one of the city's best restaurants.
This is one of the country's best basketball teams.
This is one of the dictionaries I told you about yesterday.
This is one of the dictionaries that I told you about yesterday.
This is one of the driest years in living memory.
This is one of the fanciest restaurants in Boston.
This is one of the fastest cars that money can buy.
This is one of the fastest growing trees on earth.
This is one of the few places in Algiers where young artists are allowed to practice graffiti.
This is one of the first things Dan would look for.
This is one of the fish that Tom caught.
This is one of the funniest movies I have seen in a long time.
This is one of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time.
This is one of the greatest charms of Algiers.
This is one of the greatest mysteries in all of science.
This is one of the greatest mysteries in astrophysics.
This is one of the greatest songs of all time.
This is one of the greatest symphonies ever composed.
This is one of the hottest areas of scientific research in medicine.
This is one of the houses that my grandfather built.
This is one of the jobs I have to do every day.
This is one of the largest malls in Boston.
This is one of the largest medlar trees that I've ever seen.
This is one of the least explored parts of the Sahara.
This is one of the least safe cities in the country.
This is one of the main reasons why foreign companies hesitate to invest in Algeria.
This is one of the main streets of Algiers.
This is one of the most beautiful beaches I've ever been to.
This is one of the most beautiful buildings in Algiers.
This is one of the most beautiful churches in Boston.
This is one of the most beautiful coral reefs in this area.
This is one of the most beautiful mosques in Algeria.
This is one of the most beautiful paintings I've ever seen in my life.
This is one of the most beautiful paintings I've ever seen.
This is one of the most beautiful places in the world.
This is one of the most beautiful places on the planet.
This is one of the most beautiful places to walk in Algiers.
This is one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard in my life.
This is one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard.
This is one of the most beautiful sunsets I've ever seen.
This is one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen.
This is one of the most beautiful things that I've ever seen.
This is one of the most bizarre things I've ever seen.
This is one of the most dangerous places on Earth.
This is one of the most dangerous places on earth.
This is one of the most disagreeable things I've ever seen.
This is one of the most expensive properties in Algeria.
This is one of the most fun things I've ever done.
This is one of the most historic mosques in Algeria.
This is one of the most important challenges of the 21st century.
This is one of the most important things a person will do in their life.
This is one of the most important things all people need to know.
This is one of the most incredible things we've ever done.
This is one of the most influential novels of the past 30 years.
This is one of the most interesting things about Algeria.
This is one of the most nicest hotels I've ever stayed at.
This is one of the most nicest hotels that I've ever stayed at.
This is one of the most popular restaurants in Boston.
This is one of the most popular restaurants in town.
This is one of the most serious problems facing this country.
This is one of the most terrifying experiences I've ever had.
This is one of the most venomous spiders in the world.
This is one of the nicest houses I've ever seen.
This is one of the nicest restaurants in Boston.
This is one of the oldest buildings in Australia.
This is one of the oldest houses in the neighborhood.
This is one of the oldest mosques in Algiers.
This is one of the oldest restaurants in Australia.
This is one of the oldest schools in Australia.
This is one of the oldest schools in Boston.
This is one of the pictures Tom painted.
This is one of the pictures that I took of Tom's dog.
This is one of the pictures that Tom painted.
This is one of the poems that I had to memorize in school.
This is one of the prettiest waterfalls I've ever seen.
This is one of the prettiest waterfalls that I've ever seen.
This is one of the principal arguments against your plan.
This is one of the reasons I don't like Boston.
This is one of the reasons I like Boston.
This is one of the reasons that I don't like Boston.
This is one of the reasons that I like Boston.
This is one of the reasons why I love Tatoeba.
This is one of the reasons why the Tatoeba Project asks members not to adopt orphan sentences in languages other than their own native language.
This is one of the secrets that no one tells us.
This is one of the shirts my mother made for me.
This is one of the shirts that my mother made for me.
This is one of the shortest books I've ever read.
This is one of the shortest books I've read.
This is one of the shortest books that I've ever read.
This is one of the shortest books that I've read.
This is one of the signs of weakness and the impending doom of imperialism.
This is one of the things I find beautiful about Islam.
This is one of the things he always says.
This is one of the things that I have to do every day.
This is one of the things that my father left to me.
This is one of the trees I want to cut down.
This is one of the trees I want to have cut down.
This is one of the trees that I want to cut down.
This is one of the trees that I want to have cut down.
This is one of the trees that my father planted thirty years ago.
This is one of the ways to do it.
This is one of the weak points of public key cryptography.
This is one of the wealthiest regions of Algeria.
This is one of the websites I use every day.
This is one of the websites that I use every day.
This is one of the world's most opaque regimes.
This is one of the worst headaches I've ever had.
This is one of the worst headaches that I've ever had.
This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.
This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.
This is one of the worst movies I've ever watched.
This is one of the worst movies that I have ever seen.
This is one of the worst movies that I've ever seen.
This is one of those days.
This is one of those places where there are a lot of Algerians living.
This is one of those times.
This is one of those views which are so absurd that only very learned men could possibly adopt them.
This is one of your sister's favorite songs.
This is one possible solution.
This is one side of the medal.
This is one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.
This is one thing I know.
This is one thing my father left to me.
This is one you can't win, Tom.
This is only a doll.
This is only a feast.
This is only a horse.
This is only a preview.
This is only a prototype.
This is only a request stop.
This is only a simulation.
This is only a symptom of a deeper problem.
This is only a temporary fix.
This is only a temporary setback.
This is only adding fuel to a rapidly growing fire.
This is only an approximate value.
This is only for you.
This is only for your personal use.
This is only going to make you feel worse.
This is only half correct.
This is only known by Obama.
This is only my idea.
This is only one of the things that we found.
This is only one of the things we found.
This is only partially correct.
This is only partially true.
This is only the beginning of it.
This is only the beginning.
This is only the tip of the iceberg.
This is optional.
This is orange juice.
This is our Chinese language teacher's car.
This is our Tom.
This is our agenda.
This is our art teacher.
This is our baby.
This is our bag.
This is our best brandy.
This is our best option.
This is our biggest challenge.
This is our biggest problem.
This is our biggest seller.
This is our car.
This is our castle.
This is our chance to answer that call. This is our moment. This is our time, to put our people back to work and open doors of opportunity for our kids; to restore prosperity and promote the cause of peace; to reclaim the American dream and reaffirm that fundamental truth, that out of many, we are one; that while we breathe, we hope. And where we are met with cynicism and doubt and those who tell us that we can't, we will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a people: Yes, we can.
This is our chance to answer that call. This is our moment. This is our time, to put our people back to work and open doors of opportunity for our kids; to restore prosperity and promote the cause of peace; to reclaim the American dream and reaffirm that fundamental truth, that out of many, we are one; that while we breathe, we hope. And where we are met with cynicism and doubt and those who tell us that we can’t, we will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a people.
This is our chance to prove them wrong.
This is our chance to say thank you.
This is our chance.
This is our college yearbook.
This is our common workplace.
This is our country.
This is our decision.
This is our destiny.
This is our dream come true.
This is our dream.
This is our father.
This is our fault, isn't it?
This is our fault.
This is our favorite dinner.
This is our favorite vacation spot.
This is our favourite holiday spot.
This is our favourite place to go for a holiday.
This is our favourite place to go on holiday.
This is our field.
This is our filling station.
This is our first Christmas here in Australia.
This is our first Christmas here in Boston.
This is our first Christmas together.
This is our first Valentine's Day together.
This is our first date, and probably our last.
This is our first date.
This is our first discussion. I hope it's the last.
This is our first lesson.
This is our first time here.
This is our flag, the Algerian flag.
This is our flag, the flag of Algeria.
This is our friend Tom.
This is our grandfather.
This is our handbag.
This is our headquarters.
This is our home.
This is our house on the hill.
This is our house.
This is our humble home.
This is our ivy.
This is our job.
This is our land now.
This is our land.
This is our last chance to do that.
This is our last chance!
This is our last chance.
This is our last class.
This is our last day here.
This is our last day in Hanoi.
This is our last day together.
This is our last photo together.
This is our legacy.
This is our living room.
This is our main goal.
This is our main objective.
This is our manager.
This is our master bedroom.
This is our moment.
This is our mosque now.
This is our neighborhood.
This is our new secret weapon.
This is our new teacher? She doesn't look any older than about twenty.
This is our olive oil cabinet.
This is our only chance to win.
This is our only chance.
This is our only home.
This is our only hope.
This is our only shot.
This is our only weapon.
This is our opportunity to get the jump on the competition.
This is our park.
This is our passport.
This is our place.
This is our plan.
This is our policy.
This is our primary target.
This is our problem.
This is our queen.
This is our revolution.
This is our room in the hotel, it's a strange big room.
This is our room.
This is our sacred duty.
This is our school.
This is our second child.
This is our secret weapon.
This is our secret.
This is our secret. Please don't tell anyone else.
This is our secret. Please don’t tell anyone else.
This is our shared workstation.
This is our ship's maiden voyage.
This is our singing group.
This is our son.
This is our station.
This is our stop. Let's get off.
This is our stop. Off we get.
This is our stop. We have to get off.
This is our team.
This is our temporary mosque.
This is our territory.
This is our third day without food.
This is our third year together.
This is our turf.
This is our very first stay here.
This is our world.
This is ours.
This is out of control.
This is out of my control.
This is out of my wheelhouse.
This is out of the blue, but has everybody once felt 'looked down upon by young folk'?
This is out of the blue, but has everybody once felt ’looked down upon by young folk’?
This is out of the question.
This is outlandish.
This is outrageous conduct.
This is outrageous!
This is outrageous.
This is outrageously unfair.
This is outside my area of expertise.
This is outside of my wheelhouse.
This is outstanding.
This is overwhelming to Ziri.
This is painful.
This is painstaking work.
This is paint that was left over from my last job.
This is part of Yanni's character.
This is part of a broader change across Vietnam, where companies are selling more ready-to-eat meals and processed foods to citizens who used to buy vegetables and eggs directly from farms.
This is part of a growing trend globally to make internet logins more secure.
This is part of my job.
This is part of our Berber culture.
This is part of the journey.
This is part of the problem.
This is part of the process.
This is part of your healing journey.
This is particularly important when considering which product is right for you.
This is partly true.
This is pasta.
This is patently unfair.
This is pathetic.
This is peach juice.
This is pear juice.
This is perfect for Ziri's busy lifestyle.
This is perfect for me.
This is perfect for you.
This is perfect if you want to impress a boyfriend.
This is perfect weather for drying clothes.
This is perfect.
This is perfectly conceivable.
This is perfectly legal.
This is perfectly normal.
This is perhaps one of the oldest buildings in Australia.
This is perhaps only an illusion.
This is permanent.
This is permissible.
This is personal for me.
This is personal to me.
This is personal.
This is phenomenal, isn't it?
This is phenomenal.
This is pissing me off.
This is pitiful!
This is plagiarism.
This is plastic.
This is plausible.
This is pleasing to the gods.
This is poetry. It's really very pretty!
This is pointless.
This is poor quality brandy.
This is popcorn and these are pumpkin seeds.
This is positive energy.
This is possible.
This is potato.
This is potentially your problem.
This is powerful stuff.
This is precisely the book that I wanted to read.
This is precisely what I wanted to avoid.
This is preposterous.
This is pretty accurate.
This is pretty amazing.
This is pretty bad.
This is pretty basic stuff.
This is pretty boring.
This is pretty convincing stuff.
This is pretty cool.
This is pretty exciting stuff.
This is pretty extreme.
This is pretty good, isn't it?
This is pretty gross.
This is pretty meaningless.
This is pretty much it.
This is pretty much what I expected would happen.
This is pretty much what I expected.
This is pretty neat.
This is pretty normal in Algiers.
This is pretty remarkable.
This is pretty sad.
This is pretty spectacular.
This is pretty tense, isn't it?
This is pretty.
This is priceless.
This is private property.
This is private.
This is private. It's my diary.
This is probably Tom's bicycle.
This is probably Tom's doing.
This is probably Tom's magnum opus.
This is probably Tom's umbrella.
This is probably a bad idea.
This is probably a bad place to talk, so I sent you a message.
This is probably a bad sign.
This is probably a real diamond.
This is probably a stupid question, but which is stronger, the tiger or the lion?
This is probably for you.
This is probably from Tom.
This is probably important.
This is probably mahogany.
This is probably my very last world trip. After this one, I'm done.
This is probably not a good time to be doing this.
This is probably not a good time to visit Tom.
This is probably not something I'd cook at home.
This is probably not the safest idea.
This is probably one of the most frequently-asked questions that we get.
This is probably one of the most frequently-asked questions we get.
This is probably one of the scariest stories that I've ever heard.
This is probably something that Tom did.
This is probably something wouldn't cook at home.
This is probably the angriest he's ever been. Admirable restraint on his part not to lash out.
This is probably the best angle I could get to film this.
This is probably the first time Yanni has ever said thank you to Skura.
This is probably the key that Tom and Mary are looking for.
This is probably the key that Tom is looking for.
This is probably the last thing I will ever post.
This is probably the most boring book in the world.
This is probably the most dangerous neighborhood in Algiers.
This is probably the most selfish thing I've ever done in my life.
This is probably the place.
This is probably the wrong place.
This is probably the wrong thing to be worrying about right now.
This is probably the wrong thing to be worrying about.
This is probably web jargon.
This is probably where it all started.
This is probably your toothbrush.
This is proof that you're the murderer.
This is proof.
This is pseudoscience.
This is public domain content.
This is pure and sterile mania of protagonism for its own sake.
This is pure blasphemy.
This is pure demagogy.
This is pure hypocrisy!
This is pure nonsense.
This is pure poetry.
This is pure spring water.
This is pushing Moroccans into absolute poverty.
This is puzzling.
This is quick-drying paint.
This is quite a place you've got here.
This is quite a place.
This is quite a pleasant road to drive on.
This is quite a rainstorm.
This is quite a repast you've set out for us.
This is quite a story.
This is quite a surprise.
This is quite beautiful.
This is quite beyond anything I expected. Thank you all so much.
This is quite common, apparently.
This is quite complicated.
This is quite contrary to what I want.
This is quite damaging.
This is quite difficult for Tom.
This is quite disturbing.
This is quite good.
This is quite new to me.
This is quite popular, apparently.
This is quite possibly the greatest album ever!
This is quite puzzling.
This is quite shocking.
This is quite sound from a scientific aspect.
This is quite surprising for several reasons.
This is quite tasty.
This is quite unequivocal.
This is quite unusual.
This is racism.
This is racist.
This is rare, but it happens.
This is rare.
This is rarely done nowadays.
This is raspberry.
This is rather common.
This is rather expensive.
This is rather foolish.
This is rather frightening.
This is rather strange.
This is rather unusual.
This is raw meat.
This is ready to eat.
This is ready to use.
This is real cool.
This is real difficult.
This is real easy.
This is real hard.
This is real high class.
This is real.
This is reality.
This is really a big problem.
This is really a good idea.
This is really a problem.
This is really a very strange affair.
This is really awkward.
This is really bad luck!
This is really bad.
This is really beautiful.
This is really big.
This is really bothering me.
This is really brilliant.
This is really cheap.
This is really cool, isn't it?
This is really cool.
This is really crazy.
This is really creeping me out.
This is really crucial for you to know.
This is really cute.
This is really dangerous.
This is really delicate.
This is really delicious soup, isn't it?
This is really delicious soup, isn’t it?
This is really delicious, no question about it.
This is really delicious.
This is really difficult to deal with.
This is really difficult.
This is really disturbing.
This is really doable.
This is really easy.
This is really embarrassing.
This is really enough.
This is really exciting stuff.
This is really exciting, isn't it?
This is really exciting.
This is really fascinating.
This is really from my heart.
This is really funny.
This is really going to be my year.
This is really going to happen.
This is really going well.
This is really good barbecue sauce.
This is really good beef.
This is really good marmalade.
This is really good news.
This is really good practice for you, isn't it?
This is really good-quality olive oil.
This is really good.
This is really good. Buy this one.
This is really great.
This is really gross.
This is really happening.
This is really hard.
This is really heartbreaking.
This is really helpful.
This is really humbling.
This is really humiliating.
This is really important to me.
This is really important.
This is really impressive.
This is really interesting.
This is really irresponsible.
This is really low.
This is really more a party for young people.
This is really neat.
This is really nice!
This is really nice, Yanni.
This is really nice.
This is really not my concern.
This is really not the time.
This is really nothing new.
This is really pathetic.
This is really ridiculous.
This is really sad.
This is really serious.
This is really shocking.
This is really sick.
This is really simple to do.
This is really starting to freak me out now.
This is really strange.
This is really sweet.
This is really terrible.
This is really the last one we have.
This is really the problem.
This is really too much.
This is really tragic.
This is really ugly.
This is really unbelievable.
This is really unprecedented.
This is really unusual.
This is really very easy.
This is really volatile.
This is really weird.
This is really wonderful!
This is really worrying.
This is really your concern.
This is reasonable.
This is reasonably priced.
This is red wine.
This is refreshing.
This is regrettable but unavoidable.
This is relative and ambiguous.
This is relaxing.
This is reliable information.
This is remarkable.
This is repugnant.
This is required.
This is residential property.
This is revolting.
This is rice.
This is ridiculous!
This is ridiculous.
This is right where Tom belongs.
This is risky and dangerous.
This is romantic.
This is romanticism.
This is room No. 1025. Room service, please.
This is rooted in his religious beliefs.
This is rosemary-flavoured mayonnaise.
This is rubbish.
This is rude, especially in Algeria.
This is rush hour.
This is sabotage!
This is sabotage.
This is sacred.
This is sad but true.
This is sad news.
This is said to be a sacred place.
This is salt water taffy.
This is salt water.
This is salt.
This is salty.
This is same car that we were in yesterday.
This is same type of camera as the one I lost.
This is sand.
This is sandpaper.
This is scaffolding.
This is scary.
This is science.
This is scientifically accurate.
This is sea buckthorn.
This is secret between you and me.
This is seen in the Berber language, too.
This is self-explanatory.
This is sensational.
This is sensitive.
This is sentence number 921.
This is sentimentalism.
This is serious business.
This is serious indeed.
This is serious matter.
This is serious matter. Think about it.
This is serious stuff.
This is serious, Tom.
This is serious.
This is shameful.
This is sharp.
This is sheer madness.
This is sheer nonsense.
This is shocking.
This is shorthand writing, by means of which we can keep up with the talker.
This is shorthand.
This is sick.
This is sickening to the bones.
This is sickening, quit it.
This is sickening.
This is significantly different.
This is silly!
This is silly, isn't it?
This is silly.
This is similar enough to a Charles Darwin quote that I tagged it "by Charles Darwin."
This is similar, but it is different.
This is similar.
This is simple list of exercises to perform every day.
This is simple.
This is simplified Chinese.
This is simply a lie!
This is simply amazing.
This is simply appalling.
This is simply embarrassing.
This is simply not accurate.
This is simply not true.
This is simply one of the darkest pages in the history of Argentina!
This is simply perfect!
This is simply preposterous.
This is simply untrue.
This is sirloin steak.
This is skim milk.
This is slowing down the development process in Algeria.
This is small potatoes.
This is smaller than Tokyo.
This is smaller than that.
This is snowy weather is giving me cabin fever.
This is so abstractive I can't even figure out what it means!
This is so amazing.
This is so annoying.
This is so annoying. I'm getting spam again.
This is so awesome.
This is so awkward.
This is so bad, it's good.
This is so barmy.
This is so beautiful I cried a little.
This is so beautiful!
This is so beautiful.
This is so bizarre.
This is so boring.
This is so comfortable.
This is so complicated.
This is so confusing.
This is so cool!
This is so cool.
This is so crazy.
This is so daft.
This is so dangerous.
This is so delicious. It's like sex in my mouth.
This is so depressing.
This is so difficult.
This is so disappointing.
This is so dull.
This is so dumb.
This is so easy.
This is so embarrassing.
This is so enduring as to make even the most diligent worker give up.
This is so entertaining!
This is so epic.
This is so exciting.
This is so frustrating.
This is so funny.
This is so good.
This is so hard.
This is so heavy a box that I can't carry it.
This is so heavy a box that I can’t carry it.
This is so hilarious.
This is so humiliating.
This is so lame.
This is so last year.
This is so much better!
This is so much food.
This is so much fun.
This is so pathetic.
This is so pretty.
This is so random.
This is so relaxing.
This is so retarded.
This is so ridiculous.
This is so romantic.
This is so sad.
This is so sad. Alexa, play 'Despacito'.
This is so sexist.
This is so strange for me.
This is so strange.
This is so stupid.
This is so surreal.
This is so tasty.
This is so tedious.
This is so tragic.
This is so true.
This is so typical of you, Tom.
This is so typical.
This is so un-American.
This is so unfair, Yanni.
This is so unfair.
This is so unlike Tom.
This is so unlike you.
This is so unreal.
This is so very wrong.
This is so weird, isn't it?
This is so weird.
This is so wrong.
This is soap.
This is socially unacceptable in Algeria.
This is soft and smooth.
This is sold at most electronic stores.
This is some kind of mystical number.
This is some kind of scam.
This is some kind of sign.
This is some of the best-tasting food I've ever eaten.
This is some of your best work.
This is some olive oil from Kabylie.
This is some sort of scam.
This is some type of watermelon.
This is some warm stew for you.
This is somebody else's problem.
This is somebody's sick joke.
This is someone I want you to meet.
This is someone else's problem now.
This is something Algeria can really be proud of.
This is something Algeria cannot afford.
This is something Algerian families do quite often.
This is something Elias didn't do himself.
This is something I believe in.
This is something I bought for you.
This is something I can help you with.
This is something I didn't expect to hear.
This is something I don't understand.
This is something I found last night.
This is something I found on your porch.
This is something I had to see.
This is something I have to do by myself.
This is something I have to do.
This is something I learned from Tom.
This is something I made for Tom.
This is something I made for you.
This is something I made.
This is something I must face alone.
This is something I need to do alone.
This is something I really enjoy doing.
This is something I want to do.
This is something I wore when I was much younger.
This is something I'll never forget.
This is something I'm going to do myself.
This is something I'm gonna have to think about.
This is something I'm very proud of.
This is something I've just started doing.
This is something I've spent my whole life working on.
This is something I've wanted to do for a long time.
This is something Mennad really dislikes about Egypt.
This is something Tom and I are very proud of.
This is something Tom gave me years ago.
This is something Tom made for you.
This is something Tom needs to do on his own.
This is something Tom wants.
This is something Yanni will never forget about Algeria.
This is something all of us should learn.
This is something anyone can do.
This is something best buried and forgotten.
This is something completely different.
This is something different.
This is something difficult to deal with.
This is something else to consider.
This is something else.
This is something everybody knows.
This is something everybody likes.
This is something everyone knows.
This is something he has dreamed of all his life.
This is something important, man.
This is something interesting.
This is something many people don't understand.
This is something much worse than what happened before.
This is something new.
This is something nobody else can do.
This is something old.
This is something out of the ordinary.
This is something she has done since she was a child.
This is something she probably shouldn't have asked.
This is something she probably shouldn’t have asked.
This is something special.
This is something that I bought for you.
This is something that I didn't expect to hear.
This is something that I found last night.
This is something that I found on your porch.
This is something that I have to do by myself.
This is something that I made for you.
This is something that I made.
This is something that I put together for my own students. Perhaps some of you may find it interesting.
This is something that I value a lot.
This is something that I want to do.
This is something that I'll never forget.
This is something that I'm going to do myself.
This is something that I've always wanted to do.
This is something that I've always wanted to learn how to do.
This is something that I've just started doing.
This is something that I've wanted to do for a long time.
This is something that Tom and Mary need to do.
This is something that Tom is not used to.
This is something that Tom needs to do.
This is something that Tom taught me how to do.
This is something that Tom taught me.
This is something that Tom told me.
This is something that Tom would never do.
This is something that can't be rushed.
This is something that concerns all of us.
This is something that everybody knows.
This is something that everyone knows.
This is something that happened to Matthew some forty years ago.
This is something that happens a lot in Algeria.
This is something that happens way too often.
This is something that has always stuck with me.
This is something that has happened repeatedly.
This is something that interests me.
This is something that is obviously very important.
This is something that needs to be done.
This is something that needs to be investigated.
This is something that only Tom can do.
This is something that only a teenager would buy.
This is something that pisses me off.
This is something that took place back when Flavio was in high school.
This is something that we can do in Algeria.
This is something that we don't get to eat every day.
This is something that we don't see every day.
This is something that we need to work on together.
This is something that we need to work on.
This is something that we weren't prepared for.
This is something that we'll always have to deal with.
This is something that would blow Ziri's mind away.
This is something that you can do.
This is something that you really need to try.
This is something that you'll just have to learn by rote.
This is something that's here to stay.
This is something that's never been done before.
This is something the Algerian government is cautious about.
This is something the Algerian government is struggling to achieve.
This is something the Algerian government is struggling to do.
This is something the whole family will enjoy.
This is something to consider.
This is something to imitate!
This is something unique to Boston.
This is something unusual.
This is something we can agree on.
This is something we can control.
This is something we can't do without.
This is something we cannot do without.
This is something we don't see every day.
This is something we need to take into consideration.
This is something we need to work on together.
This is something we need to work on.
This is something we'll always have to deal with.
This is something which both you and I must love.
This is something you can fix.
This is something you have to take responsibility for.
This is something you may not know yet.
This is something you must do while you're in Algeria.
This is something you need to do alone.
This is something you need to hold yourself accountable for.
This is sometimes called the walk of shame.
This is somewhat normal.
This is somewhat personal.
This is somewhat vexing.
This is sooo scary!!!
This is soup.
This is soy milk.
This is spaghetti.
This is spam.
This is speaking.
This is special agent Tom Jackson.
This is special, no question about it.
This is special.
This is spectacular piece.
This is splendid news.
This is splendid.
This is squarely within your control.
This is standard procedure.
This is standard.
This is starch.
This is starting to feel like an interrogation.
This is starting to feel like work.
This is starting to get good.
This is starting to get irritating.
This is starting to get ugly.
This is starting to give me the creeps.
This is starting to piss me off.
This is stifling proper economic development in Algeria.
This is still a big problem.
This is still a difficult question for science to answer.
This is still a fundamental issue in Algeria.
This is still a work in progress.
This is still an important tradition in Algeria.
This is still an open investigation.
This is still felt throughout Algeria.
This is still fresh in Yanni's mind.
This is still fresh in the memories of many Algerians.
This is still happening in Algeria.
This is still in daily use.
This is still my office, right?
This is still not good enough.
This is still one of the best restaurants in town.
This is still too good to be thrown away.
This is stimulating my maternal instincts.
This is story number four.
This is straightforward enough.
This is strange.
This is strangely addictive!
This is strawberry.
This is strictly a private matter.
This is strictly about business.
This is strictly between us.
This is strictly business.
This is strictly for the birds.
This is strictly forbidden.
This is strong medicine.
This is structured as a short speech.
This is stunning news.
This is stupid, to say the least.
This is stupid.
This is style!
This is subject to change.
This is subsidized by the Algerian state.
This is such a bad deal.
This is such a bummer.
This is such a cool feeling.
This is such a cool place.
This is such a dumb idea.
This is such a mistake.
This is such a relief.
This is such a sad day.
This is such a sad story.
This is such a sick intro.
This is such a stupid movie.
This is such a surprise.
This is such a tedious symphony.
This is such a waste of time.
This is such an annoying song!
This is such an easy problem as any student can solve.
This is such an easy problem that any student can solve it.
This is such an interesting story I will never forget it.
This is such an interesting story. I'll never forget it.
This is such bullshit.
This is suicide!
This is suicide. We shouldn't be attempting to do this.
This is suitable for this type of task.
This is sunflower oil.
This is super cheap.
This is super cool.
This is superior beyond comparison.
This is superior to that.
This is supported by the Algerian government itself.
This is supposed to be a free country.
This is supposed to be complicated.
This is supposed to be easy.
This is supposed to be the age of enlightenment.
This is supposedly research which my secretary did.
This is sure to offend the sensibilities of any decent human being.
This is sure.
This is surely sensible.
This is surely the most satisfying victory I have had in some while.
This is surprising for several reasons.
This is surprising.
This is suspicious.
This is sweet.
This is syrup.
This is taking a lot of time.
This is taking forever to load.
This is taking forever.
This is taking longer than I thought it would.
This is taking longer than I thought that it would.
This is taking too long.
This is taking us too long.
This is taking way too long.
This is taking way too much time.
This is taller than any other tree.
This is tasteless.
This is tasty.
This is taught in school.
This is tea.
This is tearing Yanni to pieces.
This is technically impossible.
This is temporary.
This is ten times worse than any pain I've felt before.
This is terrible.
This is terrible. And it's all my fault.
This is terribly unexpected!
This is terrific.
This is the 10 o'clock news.
This is the 10,000th sentence.
This is the 66,666th Spanish sentence.
This is the Algerian agriculture minister.
This is the Algerian flag, our flag.
This is the Algerian flag.
This is the Algerian village where Matoub Lounes was born.
This is the Algerian way of thinking.
This is the Algiers Opera House.
This is the Algiers metro.
This is the American Embassy.
This is the American dream.
This is the American way of life.
This is the Berber word for water.
This is the Canadian embassy.
This is the Canadian flag.
This is the Christmas tree Ziri has always wanted.
This is the DNA enigma – the mystery of the origin of the information needed to build the first living organism.
This is the Devon County Chronicle of June 14th of this year. It is a short account of the facts elicited at the death of Sir Charles Baskerville which occurred a few days before that date.
This is the Dutch flag.
This is the English section. Your question would probably get more answers if it was posted in the French section.
This is the HD version.
This is the Jackson family.
This is the Japanese flag.
This is the Muslim greeting.
This is the Statue of Liberty.
This is the TV station where my uncle works as an announcer.
This is the Texas accent.
This is the Town Hall.
This is the Tunisian embassy.
This is the Volga. We crossed it on a motorboat.
This is the absolute best.
This is the absolute truth.
This is the actual problem.
This is the address you need to send the package to.
This is the address.
This is the age of information, and computers are playing an increasingly important role in our everyday life.
This is the al-Aqsa Mosque.
This is the alleyway I used to sleep in. Every now and then I'd get some leftover food tossed my way, and that'd be all I'd eat that day.
This is the amount that you have to pay.
This is the amount that you need to pay.
This is the amount you have to pay.
This is the amount you need to pay.
This is the ancestral territory of the Navajo people.
This is the answer.
This is the apiary.
This is the area of the windshield that needs to be repaired.
This is the area where Boris was raised.
This is the arrow that killed Tom.
This is the back of the medal.
This is the bar where I drank my first beer.
This is the basic problem.
This is the bathroom.
This is the bathtub.
This is the beauty of Berber.
This is the bed that Tom sleeps in.
This is the bedroom.
This is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
This is the beginning of a new era.
This is the beginning of my road to Islam.
This is the beginning of our adventure.
This is the beginning of the end!
This is the beginning of the end.
This is the bell called Big Ben.
This is the best "Romeo and Juliet" I've ever seen.
This is the best "Romeo and Juliet" play I've ever seen.
This is the best Christmas I've had in years.
This is the best Christmas present I've ever gotten.
This is the best Christmas present I've ever received.
This is the best Christmas present that I've ever gotten.
This is the best Christmas present that I've ever received.
This is the best Halloween costume I've ever had.
This is the best Halloween ever.
This is the best I can do.
This is the best Indian restaurant anywhere in Tokyo.
This is the best Indian restaurant that I've ever eaten at.
This is the best John can do.
This is the best among his works.
This is the best amp being sold now.
This is the best amp currently being sold.
This is the best amplifier on the market.
This is the best audio I've ever heard in English.
This is the best band in the world.
This is the best birthday dinner ever.
This is the best blind date I've ever had.
This is the best book I have ever read.
This is the best book I've ever read.
This is the best book I've read so far.
This is the best book that I've ever read.
This is the best book that I’ve ever read.
This is the best brandy there is.
This is the best cake I've ever eaten.
This is the best cake I've ever tasted.
This is the best cake that I have ever eaten.
This is the best cake that I've ever eaten.
This is the best camera in the store.
This is the best campsite here.
This is the best car money can buy.
This is the best chicken I've ever had.
This is the best chocolate mousse that my guests and myself have ever eaten.
This is the best cider I've ever drunk.
This is the best city in the country to live in.
This is the best cole slaw I've ever eaten.
This is the best computer I've ever used.
This is the best country in the world.
This is the best couscous Taninna has ever made.
This is the best cup of coffee I've ever drunk.
This is the best cup of coffee that I've ever drunk.
This is the best day of my life.
This is the best decision you have taken in your whole life.
This is the best dentist in town.
This is the best dictionary I could find.
This is the best dictionary that I have.
This is the best dictionary that we sell.
This is the best dictionary there is in the library.
This is the best dictionary we sell.
This is the best fake ID I've ever seen.
This is the best farmers market in Boston by far.
This is the best farmers market in Boston.
This is the best fit for me.
This is the best for both of us.
This is the best gift I've ever gotten!
This is the best gift I've ever gotten.
This is the best gift I've ever received.
This is the best gift that I've ever gotten.
This is the best guitar in the store.
This is the best guitar that money can buy.
This is the best homemade pizza I've ever tasted.
This is the best honey I've ever had.
This is the best horse in the stable.
This is the best hotel in town.
This is the best idea.
This is the best ink.
This is the best investment I've ever made.
This is the best kushikatsu restaurant in Osaka.
This is the best match I have ever seen in my life.
This is the best method to solve that problem.
This is the best method.
This is the best money can buy.
This is the best movie I've ever seen.
This is the best movie I've seen in a long time.
This is the best movie I’ve ever seen.
This is the best news we've heard so far.
This is the best of all.
This is the best of the lot.
This is the best one from the album!
This is the best one.
This is the best original album of the year.
This is the best party I've been to all year.
This is the best party ever.
This is the best path to pursue.
This is the best pen.
This is the best pizza I've ever eaten.
This is the best pizza in town.
This is the best place I've been to in Algeria so far.
This is the best place in the world to live.
This is the best play imaginable.
This is the best present I've ever received!
This is the best ramen I've ever tasted.
This is the best restaurant I know of.
This is the best restaurant I know.
This is the best restaurant I've been to.
This is the best restaurant I've ever eaten at.
This is the best restaurant in our area.
This is the best restaurant in the city.
This is the best restaurant known to me.
This is the best restaurant that I know of.
This is the best restaurant that I know.
This is the best restaurant that I've been to.
This is the best restaurant that I've ever eaten at.
This is the best school in the county.
This is the best science fiction film in the past few years.
This is the best seafood restaurant in the neighborhood.
This is the best season for doing that.
This is the best season for hiking.
This is the best ship I've ever been on.
This is the best solution.
This is the best song on the album.
This is the best soup I've ever tasted.
This is the best spaghetti I've ever eaten.
This is the best tasting pear I've ever eaten.
This is the best tasting pear I’ve ever eaten.
This is the best tasting water I have ever tasted.
This is the best team I've ever played on.
This is the best that we've played all year.
This is the best there is.
This is the best thing I've heard so far.
This is the best thing on earth.
This is the best thing since sliced bread! I don't know what the best thing was before sliced bread, however.
This is the best thing since sliced bread! I don’t know what the best thing was before sliced bread, however.
This is the best thing that has ever happened to me.
This is the best thing that's ever happened to me.
This is the best thing to do.
This is the best thing to tell to someone who tries to learn something.
This is the best time of the year.
This is the best time of year to visit Boston.
This is the best time of year.
This is the best time to bring reforms in the budget.
This is the best time to fertilize the fields.
This is the best tool to use.
This is the best way to die.
This is the best way to go.
This is the best way to spend my Monday!
This is the best way.
This is the best we've played all year.
This is the best-selling pizza in Algiers.
This is the best-tasting cheese I've ever eaten.
This is the best.
This is the better of the two.
This is the bible of baseball.
This is the bicycle I want.
This is the big break I've been waiting for.
This is the big one.
This is the big tough world.
This is the biggest apple I've ever seen.
This is the biggest book I've ever seen.
This is the biggest bookstore in town.
This is the biggest car in the world.
This is the biggest cat that I've ever seen.
This is the biggest cat that I’ve ever seen.
This is the biggest fish that I have ever caught.
This is the biggest fish that I've ever caught.
This is the biggest hotel in this city.
This is the biggest issue in this matter.
This is the biggest lesson Mennad has learned in life.
This is the biggest music festival.
This is the biggest one.
This is the biggest party I've ever been to.
This is the biggest publicity stunt I've ever seen.
This is the biggest supermarket in town.
This is the bike Mennad usually used.
This is the bitterest pain among men, to have much knowledge but no power.
This is the book I borrowed from Tom.
This is the book I bought the other day.
This is the book I bought three days ago.
This is the book I bought yesterday.
This is the book I read after finishing my homework.
This is the book I told you about.
This is the book I want to buy.
This is the book I want to give my mother.
This is the book I want to read.
This is the book I want you to read.
This is the book I was talking about.
This is the book I was telling you about last night.
This is the book I was telling you about yesterday.
This is the book I'm reading now.
This is the book I've been looking for.
This is the book I’ve been looking for.
This is the book Tom and I were talking about.
This is the book Tom bought for me.
This is the book Tom gave me.
This is the book Tom mentioned yesterday.
This is the book Tom was talking about yesterday.
This is the book about which I told you.
This is the book about which there is no doubt.
This is the book of the generation of Adam. In the day that God created man, he made him to the likeness of God.
This is the book that I borrowed from Tom.
This is the book that I bought the other day.
This is the book that I bought three days ago.
This is the book that I bought yesterday.
This is the book that I found.
This is the book that I read last night.
This is the book that I told you about.
This is the book that I want to buy.
This is the book that I want to read.
This is the book that I want you to read.
This is the book that I was telling you about yesterday.
This is the book that I'm reading now.
This is the book that Tom and Mary were talking about yesterday.
This is the book that Tom was talking about yesterday.
This is the book that Tom wrote.
This is the book that lifted me up from poverty.
This is the book that made me rich.
This is the book that my teacher recommended to me.
This is the book that you are looking for, isn't it?
This is the book that you are looking for, isn’t it?
This is the book that you're looking for, isn't it?
This is the book that you're looking for.
This is the book to read.
This is the book which I read last night.
This is the book which you are looking for.
This is the book you are looking for.
This is the book you're looking for.
This is the book you've been looking for.
This is the bookshop in which I buy books.
This is the bookstore where I buy most of my books.
This is the boot.
This is the bottom line.
This is the bottom of what inning?
This is the boy I met there yesterday.
This is the boy I think about.
This is the boy that helped me.
This is the boy who found your watch.
This is the boy who helped me.
This is the boy who looks like a girl.
This is the boy who played with the toy that scared the frog that splashed the dog that chased the cat that ate the rat that killed the mouse that lived in the house that Jack built.
This is the boy who showed me around the city.
This is the boy whom I met there yesterday.
This is the boy whom I saw yesterday.
This is the boy whose father is a doctor.
This is the boy whose name is Tom Fisher.
This is the boy.
This is the boys' locker room and you're a girl.
This is the brave girl that helped us put the criminal back in jail.
This is the breaking point of this space mission.
This is the broken light switch.
This is the building where Tom works.
This is the bullet that the doctor took out of Tom.
This is the cabinet.
This is the calm before the storm.
This is the camera I bought yesterday.
This is the camera Tom wanted.
This is the camera he took the picture with.
This is the camera that Tom took the picture with.
This is the camera that Tom took the pictures with.
This is the camera that Tom wanted.
This is the camera which I bought yesterday.
This is the camera with which he took the picture.
This is the canary in the coal mine.
This is the captain speaking.
This is the captain.
This is the car I spoke of the other day.
This is the car I told you about the other day.
This is the car Linda mentioned yesterday.
This is the car about which Linda talked yesterday.
This is the car made in Japan.
This is the car of the future.
This is the car that Linda was talking about yesterday.
This is the car with the most speed.
This is the case.
This is the castle which we visited last week.
This is the cat's fault.
This is the catch of the day.
This is the center of Algiers.
This is the center of this city.
This is the central location for discussing issues and asking for help.
This is the central problem of postwar immigration.
This is the chance of a lifetime.
This is the cheaper alternative.
This is the cheaper of the two.
This is the cheapest greengrocer in town.
This is the cheapest method of them all.
This is the cheapest one.
This is the cheapest shop in the town.
This is the cheapest shop in town.
This is the cheapest store in town.
This is the cheapest supermarket in town.
This is the chief aim of university education: to train the mind.
This is the child you exposed.
This is the choice you made.
This is the church where Blake is buried.
This is the church where we got married.
This is the circle of fifths.
This is the city I told you about.
This is the city where Mika was born.
This is the city where he was born.
This is the city's longest street.
This is the city's tallest building.
This is the cleanest I've ever seen this room.
This is the clinic where Dan was born.
This is the clinic where Sami was born.
This is the closest store from my dorm.
This is the closest town to the base.
This is the coat I want to buy.
This is the coat that I want to buy.
This is the coffee shop I first met my wife in.
This is the coffee shop where I first met my wife.
This is the coffee.
This is the coldest weather in ten years.
This is the coldest winter that we have had in thirty years.
This is the coldest winter that we've had in thirty years.
This is the coldest winter we have had in twenty years, I hear.
This is the color of raspberries.
This is the color red.
This is the color we want you to paint our fence.
This is the colour of raspberries.
This is the complicated part.
This is the computer I told you about.
This is the computer which he used to write the article.
This is the coolest place to chill.
This is the core of the matter.
This is the core of the problem.
This is the corner where Tom got hit by a car.
This is the corner where Tom was hit by a car.
This is the corner where a car hit Tom.
This is the cornerstone of creation.
This is the couple I told you about.
This is the couple who showed me the way.
This is the couple who told me the way.
This is the craziest thing I've ever heard.
This is the craziest thing I've ever seen.
This is the critical moment. It's now or never.
This is the culmination of a long journey.
This is the culmination of years of work.
This is the cultural inheritance of independence.
This is the current trend.
This is the cutest baby I've ever seen.
This is the cutest baby that I have ever seen.
This is the cutest puppy I've ever seen.
This is the cutest thing he has ever said.
This is the day on which the Constitution's fundamental spirit, the sovereignty of the people, respect for fundamental human rights, and pacifism, are all reaffirmed.
This is the day on which the Constitution’s fundamental spirit, the sovereignty of the people, respect for fundamental human rights, and pacifism, are all reaffirmed.
This is the day you die.
This is the daybook.
This is the decisive duel.
This is the deepest lake in Japan.
This is the deepest lake of Japan.
This is the deepest zone of all.
This is the denial of the denial.
This is the desk that Tom uses.
This is the desk which Ken uses.
This is the detachment.
This is the diary which she kept.
This is the diary.
This is the dictionary I spoke of yesterday.
This is the dictionary I told you about yesterday.
This is the dictionary I use every day.
This is the dictionary my teacher recommended I buy.
This is the dictionary that my teacher recommended that I buy.
This is the difficult part.
This is the dilemma.
This is the diner Ziri goes to with his friends.
This is the direction we're going in.
This is the disciple of Jesus.
This is the doctor that's training Skura.
This is the doctor whom I spoke of last night.
This is the dog Tom said he wanted.
This is the dog Tom said that he wanted.
This is the dog that Ken owns.
This is the dog that Tom said he wanted.
This is the dog that Tom said that he wanted.
This is the dog that chased the cat that stalked the mouse that lived in the house that Jack built.
This is the dog's bollocks!
This is the doghouse Tom built.
This is the doghouse that I made myself.
This is the doghouse that Tom built.
This is the door. I expect you to use it.
This is the drawer where he keeps his belly button rings.
This is the dress I made last week.
This is the driest June since the Thirties.
This is the driest month of june since the thirties.
This is the driest year in Algeria since record-keeping began more than a hundred years ago.
This is the drink that made our bar famous.
This is the dumbest idea ever.
This is the dumbest piece of advice we've noticed floating around lately.
This is the dumbest thing I have ever heard.
This is the dumbest thing I've ever heard.
This is the e-mail.
This is the easiest way to get in.
This is the easiest way.
This is the easy part.
This is the end of Europe as we've known it.
This is the end of US domination over the world.
This is the end of US imperialism.
This is the end of all.
This is the end of my story.
This is the end of our Berber lesson.
This is the end of the American empire.
This is the end of the discussion.
This is the end of the line.
This is the end of the road.
This is the end of the story.
This is the end of the world as we know it.
This is the end of the world.
This is the end of world as we know it.
This is the end!
This is the end, Ziri, or maybe, this is just the beginning.
This is the end, my son. Please forgive me.
This is the end.
This is the end. Go away!
This is the entire invoice.
This is the entrance.
This is the epiphany I've been waiting for!
This is the essence of Islam.
This is the evil that plagues humanity.
This is the extent of my ability.
This is the extraordinary story of a boy called Tom.
This is the fable of the goat saying to the jackal: "Even when I graze, I am aware!"
This is the fable of the goat saying to the jackal: "Even when I graze, I watch you!"
This is the fable of the goat saying to the jackal: "Even when I graze, I watch!"
This is the factory where Tom and Mary work.
This is the factory where Tom works.
This is the factory where my brother works.
This is the fanciest restaurant in Boston.
This is the fanciest restaurant in town.
This is the fastest car in our showroom.
This is the fastest route.
This is the festival I told you about!
This is the fifth concert by this orchestra.
This is the fifth consecutive day of decline of stock prices.
This is the final boarding call for Flight 33 to Boston, boarding at Gate 13A.
This is the final boarding call for Japan Airlines Flight 731.
This is the final episode.
This is the final lecture of the series.
This is the final stage of alienation.
This is the final straw.
This is the final struggle.
This is the final warning for Damiano.
This is the finest book that I've read.
This is the finest picture I have ever seen.
This is the finest view I have ever seen.
This is the finest view I've ever seen.
This is the fire exit.
This is the first French book I've ever read.
This is the first I'm hearing of it.
This is the first I've heard of it.
This is the first I've heard of this.
This is the first airplane to land at the new airport.
This is the first book that he wrote about Islam.
This is the first date I've had in years.
This is the first day of spring.
This is the first dream that has ever come true for me.
This is the first evidence from this time period of a bipedal crocodylomorph, a branching, diverse group of animals that includes crocodilians and their extinct relatives.
This is the first example.
This is the first hot meal that Ivan has eaten in years.
This is the first lead police had since Fadil's disappearance.
This is the first letter I've written in German.
This is the first night in a few weeks where you can hear crickets.
This is the first novel in the Kabyle language.
This is the first part of the trilogy.
This is the first problem we'll encounter.
This is the first restaurant I've ever worked in.
This is the first sentence in the New_Tat_List. And it will be the last.
This is the first snowstorm of the year.
This is the first song I ever wrote.
This is the first step towards infidelity.
This is the first such app developed in Bangladesh.
This is the first thing I do each morning.
This is the first thing that comes to mind.
This is the first time Fadil has missed his 8 o'clock curfew.
This is the first time I have been here.
This is the first time I have dug a hole in the backyard.
This is the first time I have faith in God.
This is the first time I have heard about it.
This is the first time I have seen a Spielberg movie.
This is the first time I have seen such a horrible movie.
This is the first time I have visited England.
This is the first time I heard about it.
This is the first time I see this photograph.
This is the first time I'm adding a sentence, but I thought I would try it. I know this isn't very creative, but please translate it!
This is the first time I'm doing this.
This is the first time I've added a sentence in Dutch.
This is the first time I've baked a cake.
This is the first time I've been away from my family for more than three weeks.
This is the first time I've been back here for eleven years.
This is the first time I've been back here in three years.
This is the first time I've been here.
This is the first time I've been in this building.
This is the first time I've been to Portugal.
This is the first time I've bought a newspaper in this city.
This is the first time I've called Mary.
This is the first time I've caught such a big fish!
This is the first time I've climbed this mountain. The sight is really awesome.
This is the first time I've connected to the internet in the countryside.
This is the first time I've cut my finger with a knife.
This is the first time I've done this.
This is the first time I've driven a car.
This is the first time I've drunk this.
This is the first time I've eaten Indonesian food.
This is the first time I've eaten here.
This is the first time I've eaten homemade pasta.
This is the first time I've eaten pineapple jam. Quite tasty.
This is the first time I've eaten this fruit.
This is the first time I've eaten this kind of ice cream.
This is the first time I've ever accepted a gift from a customer.
This is the first time I've ever addressed Marika in Berber.
This is the first time I've ever advised a friend to do this.
This is the first time I've ever applied this ointment on my wound.
This is the first time I've ever argued with Mary.
This is the first time I've ever asked Mary to help me.
This is the first time I've ever asked Taninna out.
This is the first time I've ever asked the teacher a question.
This is the first time I've ever assembled an engine.
This is the first time I've ever attended a lesson.
This is the first time I've ever attended these kind of meetings.
This is the first time I've ever authorized my workers to leave early.
This is the first time I've ever backed up this car.
This is the first time I've ever beaten my dog.
This is the first time I've ever been absent.
This is the first time I've ever been arrested.
This is the first time I've ever been here.
This is the first time I've ever been pregnant.
This is the first time I've ever been to Australia.
This is the first time I've ever been to Boston.
This is the first time I've ever bitten my tongue.
This is the first time I've ever boarded a plane.
This is the first time I've ever borrowed money from Ken.
This is the first time I've ever breast-fed my baby.
This is the first time I've ever breathed pure air.
This is the first time I've ever broken a glass.
This is the first time I've ever brought a painter home.
This is the first time I've ever burnt my pants with a cigarette.
This is the first time I've ever called Marika back.
This is the first time I've ever caught a bird.
This is the first time I've ever climbed a mountain.
This is the first time I've ever closed my store at four.
This is the first time I've ever coated my house with plaster.
This is the first time I've ever come across a word like this.
This is the first time I've ever come to Paris.
This is the first time I've ever commented a sentence.
This is the first time I've ever complained to the manager.
This is the first time I've ever connected to the Internet in the country.
This is the first time I've ever corrected exam papers.
This is the first time I've ever coughed this much.
This is the first time I've ever crossed a river.
This is the first time I've ever danced with Mary.
This is the first time I've ever decorated my house.
This is the first time I've ever disagreed with Tom.
This is the first time I've ever done anything like this.
This is the first time I've ever done something like this.
This is the first time I've ever done this kind of thing.
This is the first time I've ever done this.
This is the first time I've ever dozed off in the classroom.
This is the first time I've ever dreamt about Marika.
This is the first time I've ever driven Mary to work.
This is the first time I've ever dropped Marika off at the hospital.
This is the first time I've ever eaten couscous.
This is the first time I've ever eaten here.
This is the first time I've ever eaten homemade pasta.
This is the first time I've ever eaten in an Italian pizzeria.
This is the first time I've ever eaten store-bought cookies.
This is the first time I've ever experienced chills because of the cold.
This is the first time I've ever fallen down the stairs.
This is the first time I've ever fanned myself with a true fan.
This is the first time I've ever fed Ken's dog.
This is the first time I've ever felled a tree.
This is the first time I've ever felt dizzy in a car.
This is the first time I've ever felt nauseous.
This is the first time I've ever filled my pitcher with honey.
This is the first time I've ever fired a worker.
This is the first time I've ever fished at the dam.
This is the first time I've ever fixed this machine.
This is the first time I've ever folded the big carpet by myself.
This is the first time I've ever followed someone to know where they live.
This is the first time I've ever forgotten Marika's number.
This is the first time I've ever fought at work.
This is the first time I've ever found a coin purse.
This is the first time I've ever fried an egg.
This is the first time I've ever given an example.
This is the first time I've ever got across this river.
This is the first time I've ever got angry.
This is the first time I've ever got into a mosque.
This is the first time I've ever got on a boat.
This is the first time I've ever got tired of translating.
This is the first time I've ever greeted Marika in Finnish.
This is the first time I've ever grilled meat in my home.
This is the first time I've ever grown a beard.
This is the first time I've ever had a nap in the classroom.
This is the first time I've ever had a nosebleed in winter.
This is the first time I've ever had a rest in my office.
This is the first time I've ever had dinner out.
This is the first time I've ever had lunch out.
This is the first time I've ever had to wait this long.
This is the first time I've ever harvested with my father.
This is the first time I've ever heard that expression.
This is the first time I've ever heard you sing.
This is the first time I've ever heated the dinner.
This is the first time I've ever held a baby.
This is the first time I've ever helped my father.
This is the first time I've ever hired a driver.
This is the first time I've ever hung a picture in my office.
This is the first time I've ever hung out washing on the balcony.
This is the first time I've ever hung up my washing.
This is the first time I've ever interrupted the manager.
This is the first time I've ever jumped from a train.
This is the first time I've ever knocked a dog down with my car.
This is the first time I've ever lain on this grass.
This is the first time I've ever learnt Chinese.
This is the first time I've ever left my car without locking its doors.
This is the first time I've ever lent money to Mary.
This is the first time I've ever lied to my father and I am ashamed of myself.
This is the first time I've ever lighted a candle with a lighter.
This is the first time I've ever listened to Hungarian music.
This is the first time I've ever made Marika happy.
This is the first time I've ever made Marika laugh.
This is the first time I've ever made Mary cry.
This is the first time I've ever made a mistake like this.
This is the first time I've ever made myself up.
This is the first time I've ever made noise in the middle of the night.
This is the first time I've ever massaged my knees with this ointment.
This is the first time I've ever memorized a dialog.
This is the first time I've ever memorized a poem.
This is the first time I've ever mended a carpet.
This is the first time I've ever mentioned Marika.
This is the first time I've ever met Mary.
This is the first time I've ever met a person of Algerian descent.
This is the first time I've ever milked a cow.
This is the first time I've ever missed the train.
This is the first time I've ever mopped my room.
This is the first time I've ever needed help.
This is the first time I've ever opened this door.
This is the first time I've ever painted my house.
This is the first time I've ever parked my car in the forest.
This is the first time I've ever parked my car in the woods.
This is the first time I've ever passed an exam.
This is the first time I've ever patted a lion.
This is the first time I've ever peeled potatoes.
This is the first time I've ever pegged up my clothes.
This is the first time I've ever phoned Marika.
This is the first time I've ever planted a tree.
This is the first time I've ever plowed this land.
This is the first time I've ever plucked a chicken.
This is the first time I've ever poured a glass of this drink.
This is the first time I've ever pronounced this word correctly.
This is the first time I've ever pruned this plum tree.
This is the first time I've ever put away my computer into this cupboard.
This is the first time I've ever put my little son into bed. His mother is too busy.
This is the first time I've ever put out a fire with sand.
This is the first time I've ever put pepper on my eggs.
This is the first time I've ever received a letter from Marika.
This is the first time I've ever received a parcel from abroad.
This is the first time I've ever recruited a cook.
This is the first time I've ever repaired my computer by myself.
This is the first time I've ever repeated a year.
This is the first time I've ever revised English grammar.
This is the first time I've ever run in order to catch the train.
This is the first time I've ever scared a dog away just by shouting.
This is the first time I've ever scolded a student.
This is the first time I've ever searched Marika's name on Google.
This is the first time I've ever seen Tom do that.
This is the first time I've ever seen Tom smile.
This is the first time I've ever seen Tom wearing jeans.
This is the first time I've ever seen a raccoon around here.
This is the first time I've ever seen a raccoon.
This is the first time I've ever seen anybody do that.
This is the first time I've ever seen anyone do that.
This is the first time I've ever seen anything like this.
This is the first time I've ever seen him angry.
This is the first time I've ever seen snow.
This is the first time I've ever seen this bird in Algiers.
This is the first time I've ever seen you do that.
This is the first time I've ever sewed on a button.
This is the first time I've ever sharpened my knives.
This is the first time I've ever shaven my beard.
This is the first time I've ever sheared my sheep.
This is the first time I've ever shot with a rifle.
This is the first time I've ever shouted at Taninna.
This is the first time I've ever signed a contract.
This is the first time I've ever slaughtered a sheep.
This is the first time I've ever slept in the street.
This is the first time I've ever slipped on a banana skin.
This is the first time I've ever smelt this perfume.
This is the first time I've ever smiled at Marika.
This is the first time I've ever sneezed this much.
This is the first time I've ever sold a house.
This is the first time I've ever spoken in Danish.
This is the first time I've ever spread chili on bread.
This is the first time I've ever spun wool.
This is the first time I've ever squashed a cockroach.
This is the first time I've ever squeezed an orange.
This is the first time I've ever stamped a document.
This is the first time I've ever started the engine.
This is the first time I've ever stuck pictures in my room.
This is the first time I've ever sung in Russian.
This is the first time I've ever sung with a band.
This is the first time I've ever sweated so much.
This is the first time I've ever switched off the heater in winter.
This is the first time I've ever switched on this lamp.
This is the first time I've ever sworn at my car.
This is the first time I've ever sworn in the presence of my children.
This is the first time I've ever taken a picture of the Queen.
This is the first time I've ever taken a vacation.
This is the first time I've ever taken my children to the countryside.
This is the first time I've ever taken the dog out.
This is the first time I've ever talked to Marika in Finnish.
This is the first time I've ever taught Marika a Berber word.
This is the first time I've ever thought about this.
This is the first time I've ever tidied my room.
This is the first time I've ever told Taninna "I love you."
This is the first time I've ever told Taninna 'I love you'.
This is the first time I've ever told a joke in Swedish.
This is the first time I've ever trained at night.
This is the first time I've ever traveled by plane.
This is the first time I've ever treated a wounded person.
This is the first time I've ever tried this dress on.
This is the first time I've ever tried this.
This is the first time I've ever understood something in that language.
This is the first time I've ever upset Marika.
This is the first time I've ever used an ax.
This is the first time I've ever visited Australia.
This is the first time I've ever visited an aquarium.
This is the first time I've ever visited my grandmother.
This is the first time I've ever waited in the rain.
This is the first time I've ever walked with a stick.
This is the first time I've ever warmed myself by a fireplace.
This is the first time I've ever washed my car.
This is the first time I've ever wasted so much time.
This is the first time I've ever wetted my hair.
This is the first time I've ever whistled in the classroom.
This is the first time I've ever wiped all the tables.
This is the first time I've ever won a prize.
This is the first time I've ever worn a coat.
This is the first time I've ever worn a white coat.
This is the first time I've ever woven a carpet.
This is the first time I've ever written a letter in French.
This is the first time I've ever wrung sweat out of my clothes.
This is the first time I've flown.
This is the first time I've fried an egg.
This is the first time I've gone to the beach.
This is the first time I've gone to the movies.
This is the first time I've had any time for myself in months.
This is the first time I've had seaweed.
This is the first time I've heard about it.
This is the first time I've heard about this.
This is the first time I've heard my little brother call me "big sister."
This is the first time I've heard of this website.
This is the first time I've heard that term.
This is the first time I've heard that word.
This is the first time I've heard that.
This is the first time I've heard this language.
This is the first time I've heard this story.
This is the first time I've heard you talk like this.
This is the first time I've hugged Mary.
This is the first time I've invited Mary.
This is the first time I've invited Tom to one of my parties.
This is the first time I've invited Tom.
This is the first time I've killed a mouse.
This is the first time I've kissed my father.
This is the first time I've locked the door.
This is the first time I've looked Marika in the eye.
This is the first time I've lost my keys.
This is the first time I've milked a goat.
This is the first time I've paid a fine.
This is the first time I've parked my car in the woods.
This is the first time I've played this game.
This is the first time I've read a book in Chinese.
This is the first time I've ridden a horse.
This is the first time I've run into a situation like this.
This is the first time I've seen a ship this big.
This is the first time I've seen a strawberry this huge.
This is the first time I've seen a sun clock.
This is the first time I've seen anything like this.
This is the first time I've seen her calling her husband.
This is the first time I've seen him smile.
This is the first time I've seen one of these.
This is the first time I've seen such a big strawberry.
This is the first time I've seen such a dreadful movie.
This is the first time I've seen such a huge strawberry.
This is the first time I've seen such a large strawberry.
This is the first time I've seen this animal.
This is the first time I've seen this emoticon in a while.
This is the first time I've sent flowers to Mary.
This is the first time I've set a trap.
This is the first time I've smoked.
This is the first time I've swum in a lake.
This is the first time I've taken part in a play.
This is the first time I've translated from Italian.
This is the first time I've translated into Italian.
This is the first time I've visited Australia.
This is the first time I've visited Boston.
This is the first time I've waited this long.
This is the first time I've watched this film.
This is the first time I've weighed myself this year.
This is the first time I've worked as a coordinator, so I may not have the hang of it yet.
This is the first time I've written a letter in French.
This is the first time I've written a letter in German.
This is the first time I've written anything in Arabic.
This is the first time I've written anything in French.
This is the first time I've yelled at Mary.
This is the first time I’ve had seaweed.
This is the first time I’ve seen such a dreadful movie.
This is the first time I’ve worked as a coordinator, so I may not have the hang of it yet.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about that.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about the cold.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about the food.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about the heat.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about the noise.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about the smell.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about the weather.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever done this.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever sung with our band.
This is the first time Tom has been in love.
This is the first time Tom has ever been in Australia.
This is the first time Tom has ever been in Boston.
This is the first time Tom has ever been late.
This is the first time Tom has ever been on a plane.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about that.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about the cold.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about the food.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about the heat.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about the noise.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about the smell.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about the weather.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained.
This is the first time Tom has ever done this.
This is the first time Tom has ever sung with our band.
This is the first time anybody has ever done something like this.
This is the first time anybody has ever done this.
This is the first time anybody's ever done something like this.
This is the first time anyone has ever done something like this.
This is the first time anyone has ever done this.
This is the first time anyone's ever done something like this.
This is the first time for me to do this.
This is the first time for me to eat here.
This is the first time for me to read the Bible.
This is the first time for me to see this movie.
This is the first time he has ever set foot in a mosque.
This is the first time he scores a goal.
This is the first time in a while that someone we had such high hopes for came to our department.
This is the first time in ages that I can just please myself.
This is the first time she has seen this house.
This is the first time since January that Daria won three matches in a row.
This is the first time solar propulsion has been successfully demonstrated in Earth's orbit.
This is the first time something like that has happened.
This is the first time something like this has happened.
This is the first time that Flavio has seen Isabella.
This is the first time that I am managing a company.
This is the first time that I have been here.
This is the first time that I have heard about that.
This is the first time that I have heard of this website.
This is the first time that I have seen a Spielberg movie.
This is the first time that I have seen her smoking.
This is the first time that I have visited Portugal.
This is the first time that I've baked a cake.
This is the first time that I've been away from my family for more than three weeks.
This is the first time that I've been here.
This is the first time that I've been in this building.
This is the first time that I've been so hurried that I've placed typos in a finished work.
This is the first time that I've bought a newspaper in this city.
This is the first time that I've cut my finger with a knife.
This is the first time that I've done this.
This is the first time that I've driven a car.
This is the first time that I've eaten here.
This is the first time that I've eaten in an Italian pizzeria.
This is the first time that I've eaten this kind of ice cream.
This is the first time that I've ever been to Boston.
This is the first time that I've ever cut my finger with a knife.
This is the first time that I've ever disagreed with Tom.
This is the first time that I've ever done anything like this.
This is the first time that I've ever done this.
This is the first time that I've ever eaten in an Italian pizzeria.
This is the first time that I've ever eaten store-bought cookies.
This is the first time that I've ever had to wait this long.
This is the first time that I've ever heard you sing.
This is the first time that I've ever put out a fire with sand.
This is the first time that I've ever seen Tom do that.
This is the first time that I've ever seen Tom smile.
This is the first time that I've ever seen Tom wearing jeans.
This is the first time that I've ever seen a raccoon.
This is the first time that I've ever seen anybody do that.
This is the first time that I've ever seen anyone do that.
This is the first time that I've ever seen you do that.
This is the first time that I've ever sung with a band.
This is the first time that I've ever tried this.
This is the first time that I've ever written a letter in French.
This is the first time that I've fried an egg.
This is the first time that I've had seaweed.
This is the first time that I've heard about it.
This is the first time that I've heard about this.
This is the first time that I've heard of this website.
This is the first time that I've heard that term.
This is the first time that I've heard that word.
This is the first time that I've heard that.
This is the first time that I've invited Mary.
This is the first time that I've invited Tom to one of my parties.
This is the first time that I've killed a mouse.
This is the first time that I've locked the door.
This is the first time that I've lost my keys.
This is the first time that I've milked a goat.
This is the first time that I've paid a fine.
This is the first time that I've parked my car in the woods.
This is the first time that I've played this game.
This is the first time that I've read a book in Chinese.
This is the first time that I've ridden a horse.
This is the first time that I've seen a ship this big.
This is the first time that I've seen anything like this.
This is the first time that I've seen my biological father.
This is the first time that I've seen one of these.
This is the first time that I've seen this animal.
This is the first time that I've sent flowers to Mary.
This is the first time that I've set a trap.
This is the first time that I've smoked.
This is the first time that I've swum in a lake.
This is the first time that I've visited Australia.
This is the first time that I've visited Boston.
This is the first time that I've waited this long.
This is the first time that I've written a letter in German.
This is the first time that I've written anything in French.
This is the first time that Tom has been in love.
This is the first time that Tom has ever been in Boston.
This is the first time that Tom has ever been late.
This is the first time that Tom has ever been on a plane.
This is the first time that Tom has ever complained about that.
This is the first time that Tom has ever complained about the cold.
This is the first time that Tom has ever complained about the food.
This is the first time that Tom has ever complained about the heat.
This is the first time that Tom has ever complained about the noise.
This is the first time that Tom has ever complained about the smell.
This is the first time that Tom has ever complained about the weather.
This is the first time that Tom has ever complained.
This is the first time that Tom has ever done this.
This is the first time that Tom has ever sung with our band.
This is the first time that anybody has ever done something like this.
This is the first time that anybody has ever done this.
This is the first time that anybody's ever done something like this.
This is the first time that anyone has ever done something like this.
This is the first time that anyone has ever done this.
This is the first time that anyone's ever done something like this.
This is the first time that has happened to me.
This is the first time that something like this has happened.
This is the first time that this has ever been done.
This is the first time that this has happened to me.
This is the first time that this has happened.
This is the first time that we've ever talked about this, isn't it?
This is the first time that we've ever tried doing it this way.
This is the first time that we've given a concert in Boston.
This is the first time that we've tried this approach.
This is the first time that you've done this, isn't it?
This is the first time that you've talked back to me.
This is the first time the government has done a nationwide investigation regarding suicides.
This is the first time this has ever been done.
This is the first time this has ever happened to me.
This is the first time this has happened to me.
This is the first time this has happened.
This is the first time we have laughed since the storm.
This is the first time we've ever talked about this, isn't it?
This is the first time we've ever tried doing it this way.
This is the first time we've given a concert in Australia.
This is the first time we've given a concert in Boston.
This is the first time we've tried this approach.
This is the first time you've done this, isn't it?
This is the first time you've talked back to me.
This is the first time.
This is the first visit of a Standard Chartered chairman to Bangladesh.
This is the first volume of a series on modern philosophy.
This is the first volume of the trilogy.
This is the fish I caught.
This is the fish he caught.
This is the flag of Algeria.
This is the flag of Japan.
This is the flag of Kabylia.
This is the food that caused him to be sick.
This is the formal definition of philosophy.
This is the formula that Tom came up with.
This is the fourth Saturday in the month of March.
This is the fourth day of deer season and still no kill.
This is the fourth piece in a five-part series on the Potomac River, the waterway in the eastern United States that flows through four U.S. States and metropolitan Washington DC into the Chesapeake Bay, the largest estuary in North America. In a canoe trip down the river VOA's Rosanne Skirble explores the natural riches of the Potomac and the struggle to protect the land and water resources of the river in the face of population growth, sprawling development and pollution.
This is the fourth year of King John's reign.
This is the free one.
This is the friend to whom I gave the key.
This is the fruit of his imagination.
This is the fruit of your imagination.
This is the full list of Dan's equipment.
This is the fun part.
This is the funniest book in my reading.
This is the funniest movie I've ever seen.
This is the funniest movie I've seen in a long time.
This is the funniest thing ever!
This is the future that liberals want.
This is the future that we’re building, one where all of us here at home and around the world are free to live out our dreams. Where our children’s aspirations aren’t segregated into pink and blue. Where working families don’t have to choose between taking care of a loved one and earning a paycheck. Where women and girls, no matter where they live, are free from fear of violence -- including gun violence.
This is the future.
This is the garage key.
This is the garden I laid out last year.
This is the girl I know well.
This is the girl that I am dating.
This is the girl that came yesterday.
This is the girl who I am dating.
This is the girl you asked to see.
This is the girl you wanted to see.
This is the gladdest I've seen him since his mother died. He'd been in a funk for so long and, God, I was so worried about him.
This is the gladdest I’ve seen him since his mother died. He’d been in a funk for so long and, God, I was so worried about him.
This is the good kind.
This is the goose that lays the golden eggs.
This is the governor's wife.
This is the grandmothers' market.
This is the grate.
This is the grounding wire.
This is the guest room.
This is the guide who took us around the castle.
This is the guitar I like the best.
This is the guitar that I like the best.
This is the guitar that Tom gave me.
This is the handbag I bought in Italy.
This is the happiest I've ever been.
This is the happiest day of my life.
This is the hard part.
This is the hard truth.
This is the hardest question.
This is the hardest thing I've ever done.
This is the hat I bought in Australia.
This is the hat I've been looking for.
This is the hat I’ve been looking for.
This is the hat Tom bought for me.
This is the hat that I got from Tom.
This is the hat that Tom gave me.
This is the heaviest snowfall in thirty years in Tokyo.
This is the heaviest snowfall we have ever had.
This is the heaviest snowfall we've ever had.
This is the height of frivolity.
This is the height of madness.
This is the height of refinement.
This is the highest selling book of the month.
This is the highest tower in Japan.
This is the horse that Tom stole from one of his neighbors.
This is the hospital I was born in.
This is the hospital where Dan was born.
This is the hospital where I was born.
This is the hospital where Tom and I were born.
This is the hospital where Tom and Mary were born.
This is the hospital where Tom and Mary work.
This is the hospital where Tom used to work.
This is the hospital where Tom was born.
This is the hospital where Tom works.
This is the hospital where both Tom and I were born.
This is the hospital which I was born in.
This is the hotel at which we stayed at that time.
This is the hotel that we always stay in.
This is the hotel where Tom and Mary usually stay.
This is the hotel where Tom usually stays.
This is the hotel where we always stay.
This is the hotel where we stayed last year.
This is the hotel where we stayed that time.
This is the hottest day I have had since I came up to Tokyo.
This is the hottest summer in the last fifty years.
This is the hottest summer that we have had in thirty years.
This is the hottest summer that we've had in thirty years.
This is the hottest summer we have had in fifty years.
This is the hottest summer we have had in thirty years.
This is the hottest summer we've had in thirty years.
This is the house I grew up in.
This is the house I live in.
This is the house I lived in when I was young.
This is the house I used to live in.
This is the house Tom and Mary are renting.
This is the house Tom and Mary plan to buy.
This is the house Tom grew up in.
This is the house Tom is renting.
This is the house Tom plans to buy.
This is the house Tom used to live in.
This is the house Yanni grew up in.
This is the house he lived in.
This is the house he was born and grew up in.
This is the house he was born in.
This is the house in which I was born and brought up.
This is the house in which he lived.
This is the house in which he lives.
This is the house in which he was born.
This is the house in which she used to live.
This is the house in which the poet lived in his childhood.
This is the house in which the prime minister lives.
This is the house in which they lived when they were children.
This is the house of Mary, her brother and their parents.
This is the house of touch-me Roque. There's always fuss and fights—if it's not the kids quarrelling, it's the parents. There is never a moment of silence here.
This is the house she lived in.
This is the house she was born in.
This is the house speciality.
This is the house specialty.
This is the house that I used to live in.
This is the house that Jack built.
This is the house that Tom built.
This is the house that Tom used to live in.
This is the house that he lives in.
This is the house they bought.
This is the house they lived in growing up.
This is the house where Dad works.
This is the house where I grew up.
This is the house where I live.
This is the house where I lived as a child.
This is the house where I lived as a kid.
This is the house where I lived in my early days.
This is the house where I lived when I was a child.
This is the house where I lived when I was little.
This is the house where I lived when I was young.
This is the house where I used to live when I was young.
This is the house where I was born.
This is the house where Tom and Mary were brought up.
This is the house where Tom grew up.
This is the house where Tom was born.
This is the house where Tom was brought up.
This is the house where he lived.
This is the house where he lives.
This is the house where he was born.
This is the house where he was brought up.
This is the house where my father was born and brought up.
This is the house where my father was born and raised.
This is the house where my uncle lives.
This is the house where she is living.
This is the house where she used to live.
This is the house where she was born.
This is the house where that poet lived when he was a child.
This is the house where the famous crimes took place.
This is the house where the famous novelist was born.
This is the house which was designed by a famous architect.
This is the house.
This is the humorous variation of a certain proverb.
This is the hut he lived in.
This is the hut in which he lived.
This is the ideal language. You may not like it, but this is what peak linguistics looks like.
This is the ideology to which my speech is written.
This is the important part.
This is the information you requested.
This is the intersection where a three-year-old girl was run over by a bus last year.
This is the job Tom pays us for.
This is the job of a professional hitman.
This is the job of my own choice.
This is the job you've been waiting for.
This is the jumping-off point.
This is the key I have been looking for.
This is the key I've been looking for.
This is the key for the box.
This is the key that I've been looking for.
This is the key that opened that door.
This is the key that opens that door.
This is the key to fluency in Berber.
This is the key to learning Berber vocabulary.
This is the key to my house.
This is the key to the garage.
This is the key to the whole mystery.
This is the key which I have been looking for.
This is the kind of book Mennad likes to read.
This is the kind of environment Sami grew up in.
This is the kind of experiment that you can do at home.
This is the kind of food I like.
This is the kind of food that I like.
This is the kind of gossip you usually find in a glossy magazine.
This is the kind of guy Skura would like to spend her life with.
This is the kind of job I like the most.
This is the kind of job you should do all at once.
This is the kind of mistake that beginners often make.
This is the kind of music I like to listen to.
This is the kind of music I like.
This is the kind of music I really enjoy.
This is the kind of music that I like to listen to.
This is the kind of music that I like.
This is the kind of music that I really enjoy.
This is the kind of music that Tom and Mary like to listen to.
This is the kind of music that Tom likes to listen to.
This is the kind of place I want to live.
This is the kind of program Tom likes to watch.
This is the kind of program that Tom and Mary like to watch.
This is the kind of program that Tom likes to watch.
This is the kind of thing we want.
This is the kind of work that requires a high level of concentration.
This is the king.
This is the kitchen.
This is the knife I bought from Tom.
This is the knife that I got from my grandfather.
This is the knife that my grandfather gave me.
This is the lady I spoke of yesterday.
This is the lady who wants to see you.
This is the lake in which Tom drowned.
This is the lake's deepest point.
This is the land of our ancestors.
This is the landlady.
This is the largest building in existence.
This is the largest butt plug I have.
This is the largest church I've ever seen.
This is the largest coin factory in the United States.
This is the largest dictionary there is in this library.
This is the largest flyover in Mumbai.
This is the largest mosque in the area.
This is the largest mosque in town.
This is the largest museum in the city.
This is the largest park in Boston.
This is the largest prison in the country.
This is the largest room that we have.
This is the largest strawberry I've ever seen.
This is the largest tanker that has ever been constructed in our country.
This is the largest temple that I've ever seen.
This is the largest temple that I’ve ever seen.
This is the largest.
This is the last Yennayer before Vladimir goes away to college.
This is the last bit of food left on this boat.
This is the last bottle.
This is the last call for Flight 333 to Boston.
This is the last call.
This is the last challenge.
This is the last chance I'm giving you.
This is the last day of Ramadan.
This is the last food there is on this boat.
This is the last game of the season.
This is the last game of the year.
This is the last game.
This is the last gasp of summer.
This is the last hour of darkness.
This is the last letter I got from Tom.
This is the last letter Tom ever wrote.
This is the last letter that Tom sent me.
This is the last message I ever plan to send to you.
This is the last news item.
This is the last night of camp, so treasure your time.
This is the last of the brandy.
This is the last one we have.
This is the last one, I promise.
This is the last one.
This is the last opportunity I'm giving you.
This is the last order.
This is the last painting of our new collection.
This is the last piece of cake.
This is the last place I want to be right now.
This is the last sentence I added to the Tatoeba project.
This is the last sentence.
This is the last song that Tom wrote.
This is the last stage of fascism.
This is the last stop.
This is the last straw!
This is the last straw.
This is the last thing I need right now.
This is the last thing Yanni remembers.
This is the last thing Yanni would worry about tonight.
This is the last thing Ziri wants.
This is the last thing you need to do.
This is the last time I lend you my car.
This is the last time I let you go.
This is the last time I plan to do this.
This is the last time I'll accept a gift.
This is the last time I'll address Marika in French.
This is the last time I'll advise Taninna.
This is the last time I'll allow the maid to drive my car.
This is the last time I'll annoy the teacher.
This is the last time I'll apply this ointment on my skin.
This is the last time I'll argue with my sister.
This is the last time I'll ask you to do anything for me.
This is the last time I'll ask you to do anything.
This is the last time I'll ever do this.
This is the last time I'll ever eat here.
This is the last time I'm going to ask you for a favor.
This is the last time I'm going to help you.
This is the last time I'm going to remind you.
This is the last time I'm going to tell you this.
This is the last time I'm going to the city fair.
This is the last time I'm telling you to do that.
This is the last time I'm telling you.
This is the last time I'm writing to you, I believe.
This is the last time I've heard of him ever.
This is the last time I’ll ask you to do anything for me.
This is the last time I’ll ask you to do anything.
This is the last time that I lend you my car.
This is the last time that I'll ever do this.
This is the last time that I'll ever try doing this.
This is the last time that I'm going to help you.
This is the last time we'll ever see Tom.
This is the last time we'll have to do this.
This is the last time.
This is the last train for the end of the world.
This is the last train, sir.
This is the last train.
This is the last warning.
This is the latest acquisition to my library.
This is the latest fashion this spring.
This is the latest fashion.
This is the law of life.
This is the law of the jungle.
This is the law that God revealed to Moses.
This is the law.
This is the least expensive method of all.
This is the least interesting.
This is the least we can do for Mom.
This is the legacy Tom left behind.
This is the letter Mr Brown wrote.
This is the letter for my friend.
This is the letter from my friend.
This is the letter sent from Hong Kong by air mail.
This is the letter sent from Hong Kong by airmail.
This is the letter that I got from Tom.
This is the letter that Mr. Brown wrote.
This is the letter that Tom wrote.
This is the letter which I wrote.
This is the letter written by Mr Brown.
This is the letter written by Mr. Brown.
This is the life I want.
This is the life that I chose.
This is the life!
This is the life.
This is the lifeblood of Algeria's economy.
This is the lifeguard. He guards lives.
This is the lifeguard. He saves lives.
This is the light switch we're going to be replacing.
This is the light switch.
This is the link to a website that I like.
This is the list of all the people buried here.
This is the list of decorations, awards, and honorary titles.
This is the little I know.
This is the little we know.
This is the longest bridge in the world.
This is the longest novel that I have ever read.
This is the longest novel that I've ever read.
This is the longest street in town.
This is the loudest sheep I've ever seen.
This is the love that esteems others better than oneself.
This is the lover's lane.
This is the lower part of Algiers.
This is the lunch rush.
This is the magazine I spoke to you about.
This is the magazine I was telling you about.
This is the magic of Algeria.
This is the magician's hat.
This is the main entrance to their house.
This is the main gate to their house.
This is the main street of this city.
This is the main thing I have learned.
This is the man I told you about.
This is the man I've been waiting for.
This is the man I’ve been waiting for.
This is the man for whom I have been waiting.
This is the man for you to speak to.
This is the man framed by the surveillance cameras.
This is the man of whom I spoke the other day.
This is the man that I see every day on the train.
This is the man they say stole the car.
This is the man who raped you.
This is the man who they say stole the car.
This is the man who's suspected by the police.
This is the man whose cars were stolen.
This is the man whose daughter you met yesterday.
This is the man who’s suspected by the police.
This is the market for elderly ladies.
This is the market of old women.
This is the masterpiece.
This is the meanest English teacher I've ever seen.
This is the meaning of the expression you gave me.
This is the means by which I can find him.
This is the medicine I was telling you about.
This is the meeting room but there are almost no meetings held here.
This is the message which struck Justice of the Peace Trevor dead with horror when he read it.
This is the middle of the world.
This is the mildest case of COVID I've had.
This is the mildest winter that we have ever experienced.
This is the mildest winter that we've ever experienced.
This is the million-dollar question.
This is the minaret of the mosque.
This is the mistake of the student.
This is the moment I've been waiting for all my life.
This is the moment of truth.
This is the moment we've all been waiting for.
This is the moment we've been waiting for.
This is the moment when we must build on the wealth that open markets have created, and share its benefits more equitably.
This is the moment you have all been waiting for.
This is the moment you've all been waiting for.
This is the money Tom stole.
This is the money at your disposal.
This is the money that I found.
This is the monsoon season.
This is the more useful of the two.
This is the mosque.
This is the most absurd thing I have ever heard.
This is the most ancient aqueduct in France.
This is the most basic of basics.
This is the most beautiful beach in the whole world.
This is the most beautiful bouquet I've ever seen.
This is the most beautiful bouquet I’ve ever seen.
This is the most beautiful bouquet that I have ever seen.
This is the most beautiful country I have ever visited.
This is the most beautiful country I've ever visited.
This is the most beautiful flower in the garden.
This is the most beautiful flower.
This is the most beautiful lake that I have ever seen.
This is the most beautiful of all the pictures in my album.
This is the most beautiful ostrich I've ever seen.
This is the most beautiful ostrich I’ve ever seen.
This is the most beautiful river I have ever seen.
This is the most beautiful river I've ever seen.
This is the most beautiful season.
This is the most beautiful sentence I've ever heard.
This is the most beautiful sight that I have ever seen.
This is the most beautiful sight that I've ever seen.
This is the most beautiful song I've ever heard in my life.
This is the most beautiful song I've ever heard.
This is the most beautiful sunset I've ever seen.
This is the most beautiful sunset that I have ever seen.
This is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen.
This is the most boring video I've ever seen.
This is the most callous thing I have ever heard.
This is the most comfortable chair I've ever sat in.
This is the most comfortable chair I've sat on in a long time.
This is the most comfortable chair in our house.
This is the most common kind of laziness: that of the mind.
This is the most complete collection of the author's works.
This is the most comprehensive monolingual dictionary.
This is the most delicious apple.
This is the most delicious pizza I've ever eaten.
This is the most difficult book I have ever read.
This is the most disgusting film I've ever seen.
This is the most embarrassing moment of my life.
This is the most enjoyable thing I've ever done.
This is the most exciting book that I have ever read.
This is the most exciting book that I've ever read.
This is the most exciting story that I have ever heard.
This is the most exciting story that I've ever heard.
This is the most expensive bag I have ever bought.
This is the most expensive bag I'd have ever bought.
This is the most expensive bag he'd have ever bought.
This is the most expensive bottle of wine I've ever bought.
This is the most expensive bottle of wine that I've ever bought.
This is the most expensive necklace in the store.
This is the most expensive restaurant in town. The food isn't even that good.
This is the most famous hacker in the city.
This is the most favourable period for travelling in Russia.
This is the most fun I've had all week.
This is the most fun I've had in a long time.
This is the most fun I've had in my life.
This is the most fun we've ever had.
This is the most idiotic thing I've ever heard.
This is the most important matter of all.
This is the most interesting book I have ever read.
This is the most interesting book I've ever read.
This is the most interesting book I’ve ever read.
This is the most interesting book of all.
This is the most interesting novel I have ever read.
This is the most interesting novel I've ever read.
This is the most interesting story that I have ever read.
This is the most interesting.
This is the most logical and normal action.
This is the most massive structure I have ever seen.
This is the most massive structure I've ever seen.
This is the most mentally stimulating thing I've ever come across. It tickles my brain.
This is the most nervous I have ever been.
This is the most outlandish claim I've heard in a long time.
This is the most recent picture of Tom I could find.
This is the most recent picture of Tom I have.
This is the most recent picture of Tom that I have.
This is the most relaxing sight I’ve ever had the chance to see.
This is the most ridiculous story I've ever heard.
This is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard.
This is the most self-aware show that I have ever seen.
This is the most shocking thing that ever happened in my life.
This is the most sought-after resort in all of the Bahamas.
This is the most violent murder I've ever seen in my career.
This is the most visited website in the world.
This is the most wonderful evening I've ever had.
This is the most wonderful present I have ever received.
This is the most wonderful soap opera I have ever watched.
This is the movie she watches when she wants to feel sad.
This is the murder weapon.
This is the music classroom.
This is the mystery book I enjoyed reading the most.
This is the napkin.
This is the natural order of things.
This is the neighborhood I lived in when I was younger.
This is the neighborhood where I grew up.
This is the neighborhood where I lived when I was younger.
This is the new dictionary.
This is the new me.
This is the new model.
This is the new normal.
This is the new trend.
This is the new version.
This is the newest computer.
This is the news I've been waiting for.
This is the news that I've been waiting for.
This is the next one!
This is the nicest present I've ever had.
This is the nicest present I've ever received.
This is the nicest present I’ve ever had.
This is the nicest thing Yanni has ever said.
This is the nicest thing anyone has done for me since I got here.
This is the noise that bothers her.
This is the norm.
This is the novel I talked to you about.
This is the novel he wrote.
This is the nth time I've told you to be careful.
This is the nth time I’ve told you to be careful.
This is the observable night of the Lord, when he brought them forth out of the land of Egypt: this night all the children of Israel must observe in their generations.
This is the obvious solution.
This is the office he works in.
This is the office in which he works.
This is the office she works in.
This is the official documentation for Python 3.
This is the official web-site of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan.
This is the official website.
This is the oldest and biggest wind farm in the U.S., concentrating over 5,000 wind turbines that use a wide range of technology. The largest and newest is 150 meters tall, and produces 2.5 megawatts of electricity.
This is the oldest building in Australia.
This is the oldest hotel in Australia.
This is the oldest minaret in Algiers.
This is the oldest mosque in Algiers.
This is the oldest restaurant in Boston.
This is the one I bought yesterday.
This is the one I like best.
This is the one I meant when I said, 'A man who comes after me has surpassed me because he was before me.'
This is the one I meant when I said, ’A man who comes after me has surpassed me because he was before me.’
This is the one I prefer.
This is the one I thought Tom would like.
This is the one I told Tom about.
This is the one I want.
This is the one I'll use.
This is the one I’ll use.
This is the one Tom gave me.
This is the one and only thing he can do. He can't do anything else.
This is the one of the tallest buildings in Boston.
This is the one that I want.
This is the one.
This is the only Berber word I know.
This is the only French book I've ever read.
This is the only French book that I've ever read.
This is the only alternative worth considering.
This is the only alternative.
This is the only bare wire here.
This is the only bathroom Tom is allowed to use.
This is the only bathroom that Tom is allowed to use.
This is the only book I have.
This is the only book I own.
This is the only book that I own.
This is the only building that was left unaffected by fire.
This is the only camera I've got.
This is the only camera I’ve got.
This is the only candy that's good for you.
This is the only chance I'm going to give you.
This is the only chance that I'm going to give you.
This is the only company I've ever worked for.
This is the only condition.
This is the only exit.
This is the only food that I could find.
This is the only guidebook that was recommended to me that is really useful.
This is the only juice I like.
This is the only kimono that my mother bought me.
This is the only obstacle.
This is the only one I have.
This is the only one I really care about.
This is the only one in the store.
This is the only one that I really care about.
This is the only pair of shoes I have.
This is the only pen I have.
This is the only picture I have of Tom.
This is the only picture I have of my great-great-grandfather.
This is the only picture I have of us together.
This is the only picture of us together.
This is the only place I've ever felt at home.
This is the only place in Australia we can do this.
This is the only place in Boston we can do this.
This is the only place that I've ever felt at home.
This is the only place where I've ever felt at home.
This is the only place you can get it in Boston.
This is the only possible time for doing that.
This is the only road to the next town.
This is the only street in this town.
This is the only thing I can do for Tom.
This is the only thing I care about.
This is the only thing I want.
This is the only thing I'm capable of.
This is the only thing left.
This is the only thing necessary for this work.
This is the only thing necessary.
This is the only thing that I can do.
This is the only thing that I can recommend to him.
This is the only thing that I want.
This is the only thing that Tom ever bought me.
This is the only thing that Tom ever gave me.
This is the only thing that remained for me.
This is the only thing that was left.
This is the only thing we have left to eat.
This is the only tie I have.
This is the only way I can think to do this.
This is the only way I know how to do this.
This is the only way I really feel alive.
This is the only way in.
This is the only way out.
This is the only way to get Tom to stop.
This is the only way to get rid of Tom.
This is the only way to go. There's no wriggling out of it.
This is the only way to go. We should stop dithering!
This is the only way to go. We should stop dithering.
This is the only way to incentivize the fight against the tyrannical regime in Ethiopia.
This is the only way to meet Tom.
This is the only way to solve this problem.
This is the only white towel I have.
This is the operator. Which extension would you like?
This is the opportunity of a lifetime.
This is the opportunity to try something new.
This is the opportunity we've been waiting for.
This is the opposite of what I expected.
This is the opposite side of the box.
This is the order.
This is the original.
This is the other Arabic teacher.
This is the outcome of our research.
This is the package I've been waiting for.
This is the package that I've been waiting for.
This is the package you've been waiting for.
This is the painting painted by him.
This is the painting that I painted.
This is the pair of gloves that I bought in Boston.
This is the pair of sunglasses I bought in Australia.
This is the pair of sunglasses I bought in Boston.
This is the pair of sunglasses I bought while I was in Australia.
This is the pair of sunglasses I that bought while I was in Australia.
This is the palace the king and queen live in.
This is the pamphlet you asked for.
This is the paradox.
This is the park where Tom and I first met.
This is the park where we said our last good-bye.
This is the park where we said our last goodbye.
This is the part I cannot believe.
This is the part I hate the most.
This is the part I hate.
This is the part of town where I grew up.
This is the part where things become bizarre.
This is the passage to the sea.
This is the path I walk every day.
This is the path to the fountain.
This is the pavement.
This is the payment for the project's waste removal transport cost.
This is the pen that I lost yesterday.
This is the pen that he signed the document with.
This is the pen which the famous novelist wrote with.
This is the pencil I lost the other day.
This is the pencil that she used to write it.
This is the pencil with which she wrote it.
This is the penultimate version of the paper.
This is the perfect Father's Day gift.
This is the perfect Mother's Day gift.
This is the perfect day for an outing.
This is the perfect example.
This is the perfect hiding place.
This is the perfect location.
This is the perfect place for a romantic picnic.
This is the perfect place for an ambush.
This is the perfect place for those who seek a quiet vacation.
This is the perfect place to escape city life.
This is the perfect place to spend the rest of our lives.
This is the perfect place.
This is the person I gave a dictionary to.
This is the person I spoke about the other day.
This is the person I talked about the other day.
This is the person they say stole the car.
This is the photo of one of my dogs.
This is the photo that he took of Tom's house.
This is the picture I took in his house.
This is the picture I took in my house.
This is the picture I took of Tom's house.
This is the picture I took of Tom’s house.
This is the picture Tom painted.
This is the picture he painted.
This is the picture of his own painting.
This is the picture she took of Tom's house.
This is the picture that I painted yesterday.
This is the picture that I took of Tom's house.
This is the picture that Mary painted.
This is the picture that Tom painted.
This is the picture that he painted.
This is the picture which the more self-conscious intellectuals have formed of themselves, and which they are slowly impressing upon a population which is being led no man knows whither by an indubitably intellectualized President.
This is the pipeline which supplies the town with gas.
This is the place I told Tom about.
This is the place I told you about.
This is the place I want to be.
This is the place to be, right?
This is the place to be.
This is the place to go.
This is the place where I found Tom lying.
This is the place where I work.
This is the place where Tom and I first met.
This is the place where Tom and Mary met.
This is the place where Tom and Mary usually eat.
This is the place where Tom and Mary were born.
This is the place where Tom and Mary work.
This is the place where Tom had an accident.
This is the place where Tom met Mary.
This is the place where Tom usually does that.
This is the place where Tom usually eats.
This is the place where Tom was born.
This is the place where Tom works.
This is the place where he killed himself.
This is the place where my father was born.
This is the place where she works as a secretary.
This is the place where the accident happened.
This is the place where the accident was.
This is the place where the battle of Hastings took place.
This is the place where the battle took place.
This is the place where the incident happened.
This is the place where the incident took place.
This is the place where they want to build their houses.
This is the place where we first kissed.
This is the place where your mother and I had our first date.
This is the place.
This is the plan.
This is the plate Tom ate off of.
This is the plate Tom ate off.
This is the plate Tom was eating off of.
This is the plate that Tom ate from.
This is the plate that Tom ate off of.
This is the player that scored every goal.
This is the poet's birthplace.
This is the point we need to think about.
This is the police. Could you please open the door?
This is the pool where Tom learned to swim.
This is the population pyramid of Algeria.
This is the port of Algiers.
This is the pot he treasures most of all.
This is the prettiest sunset I have ever seen.
This is the prettiest sunset I've ever seen.
This is the priest who married them.
This is the principal's office.
This is the printed version of my Berber dictionary.
This is the problem I was telling you about.
This is the problem Ziri has gotten himself in.
This is the problem we should work on first.
This is the problem.
This is the procedure to follow.
This is the progress that we deserve!
This is the progress that we merit!
This is the project I will be working on.
This is the proof I need.
This is the proudest day in my life.
This is the real Algeria.
This is the real Algiers.
This is the real McCoy.
This is the real deal.
This is the real problem.
This is the real thing.
This is the real world.
This is the reality and we must accept it.
This is the reality.
This is the reason I came here.
This is the reason I disagree with you.
This is the reason I moved to Boston.
This is the reason that she succeeded as a pop singer.
This is the reason we brought you along.
This is the reason why I appreciate this site.
This is the reason why I came here.
This is the reason why I came late.
This is the reason why I didn't come yesterday.
This is the reason why I didn’t come yesterday.
This is the reason why I left you.
This is the reason why he did it.
This is the reason why he entered at the university.
This is the reason why the proletarians worship you.
This is the reason why they failed.
This is the recipe that I told you about.
This is the record which I bought yesterday.
This is the refrigerator.
This is the regular procedure.
This is the reign of mediocrity!
This is the rest of the tools Ziri is gonna need.
This is the restaurant that I often eat at.
This is the restaurant where she worked.
This is the restaurant where we had dinner last week.
This is the result of an armed revolt.
This is the result of many years of pent up anger and frustration.
This is the result of serious and determined work.
This is the result!
This is the review for your final exam.
This is the richest uranium lode I've seen.
This is the right answer.
This is the right day.
This is the right game, yes, but I wanted the Xbox One version of it, not the PS4 version!
This is the right lane to be in.
This is the right move.
This is the right path.
This is the right station.
This is the right thing to do.
This is the right way.
This is the road I chose.
This is the road I told you about.
This is the road I was telling you about.
This is the road I was thinking of.
This is the road leading to the water source.
This is the road that I told you about.
This is the road that I was telling you about.
This is the road to Imekhlaf.
This is the road you told me about.
This is the road you were telling me about.
This is the room Yanni will be sharing with his cousin Walid.
This is the room he hurriedly entered.
This is the room he rushed into.
This is the room into which he went.
This is the room where Mary killed herself.
This is the room where Tom and Mary killed themselves.
This is the room where Tom killed himself.
This is the room where the author committed suicide.
This is the room where the author killed himself.
This is the room where the body was found.
This is the root of the ivy cutting Ziri is going to root.
This is the root of the problem.
This is the rough draft of the peace treaty.
This is the route indicated in the map.
This is the rule of life.
This is the rule of the game.
This is the rush hour.
This is the saddest thing.
This is the safest place I know.
This is the sale price.
This is the same as what happened last time.
This is the same bicycle as mine.
This is the same book as I have.
This is the same book that I had.
This is the same camera as yours.
This is the same camera that I lost.
This is the same camera that he lost.
This is the same car as I have.
This is the same car that was left at the scene of the crime.
This is the same concept.
This is the same dictionary as I have.
This is the same dictionary as I lost.
This is the same dictionary as the one I lost.
This is the same dictionary that I talked about yesterday.
This is the same guitar that my father used to play when he was my age.
This is the same hospital where Tom and Mary work.
This is the same hospital where Tom works.
This is the same hotel I stayed in three years ago.
This is the same hotel that I stayed in three years ago.
This is the same motorcycle that was left at the scene of the accident.
This is the same necklace that I lost yesterday.
This is the same old problem we've had the past three years.
This is the same pen that I lost yesterday.
This is the same pencil that I lost the other day.
This is the same place where we shared our first kiss.
This is the same purse that I lost a week ago.
This is the same room we met in last time.
This is the same shirt I wore yesterday.
This is the same shirt that I wore yesterday.
This is the same thing.
This is the same type of camera as the one I lost.
This is the same type of car as my father has.
This is the same wallet I lost a week ago.
This is the same wallet as I lost a week ago.
This is the same watch as I have lost.
This is the same watch as I have.
This is the same watch as I lost.
This is the same watch that I have lost.
This is the same watch that I lost a week ago.
This is the same watch that I lost.
This is the same watch that I've lost.
This is the same watch that I’ve lost.
This is the scariest part.
This is the school my father went to.
This is the school where my father used to go.
This is the school where she is teaching.
This is the science teacher.
This is the search for Lorna.
This is the season to pick fresh tea.
This is the second article in the series about plugin infrastructures.
This is the second floor.
This is the second longest river in Japan.
This is the second mail we send you referring to the invoice No. 1111 which has not been settled.
This is the second mail we send you referring to the invoice No.1111 which has not been settled.
This is the second time I have arrived in China on my own.
This is the second time I've come to this city.
This is the second time I've flown.
This is the second time I’ve flown.
This is the second time Tom and Mary have been here this week.
This is the second time Tom has been here this week.
This is the second time that I have met him.
This is the second time that the proposed laws, which have caused anxiety in the private sector, have been found to contravene the heavily amended constitution or other laws.
This is the second time this has happened to us.
This is the second time you've done that.
This is the second time!
This is the second week of manifestations.
This is the second-to-last week of the season.
This is the secret of true happiness.
This is the sentence which I can't translate.
This is the seventh strike of this year.
This is the shape of the ankle joint.
This is the shocking part of this entire story.
This is the shop at which I had a haircut.
This is the shortcut that I usually take to school.
This is the shortest route to Paris.
This is the shortest way to the station.
This is the signature dish of the restaurant.
This is the silverware drawer.
This is the simplest way.
This is the site of a castle.
This is the sixth time that I have spoken of the topic.
This is the smallest tree I've ever seen.
This is the smoothest chocolate I've ever eaten.
This is the sole of the shoe.
This is the sole thing that stayed with me.
This is the solution to all your problems.
This is the solution.
This is the something many people seem to overlook.
This is the something that many people seem to overlook.
This is the song I was telling you about.
This is the song that I told you about.
This is the song that I was telling you about.
This is the song.
This is the sort of thing that you have to account for.
This is the sort of thing you have to account for.
This is the source of the confusion.
This is the spitting image of the real thing, perfectly true to life.
This is the spot.
This is the spot. Keep digging.
This is the stance of someone who's going for a home run.
This is the starting point.
This is the station I need to get off at.
This is the statue John talked about this morning.
This is the storage room.
This is the store where I worked.
This is the storied castle of our ancestors.
This is the story of a cat.
This is the story of a love like no other.
This is the story of his life.
This is the story of my country.
This is the story of my life.
This is the story that we need to tell.
This is the story we need to tell.
This is the strangest thing I've ever done.
This is the strangest thing I've ever eaten.
This is the street I used to live on.
This is the street I was telling you about.
This is the street I was thinking of.
This is the street that I was telling you about.
This is the street you told me about.
This is the street you were telling me about.
This is the strongest dog that I have ever seen.
This is the student who organized the protest.
This is the stuff of nightmares.
This is the stupidest movie I have ever seen in my entire life.
This is the stupidest movie I have ever seen in my life.
This is the stupidest movie I have ever seen.
This is the stupidest movie I've ever seen in my entire life.
This is the stupidest movie I've ever seen in my life.
This is the stupidest movie I've ever seen.
This is the stupidest thing I have ever heard.
This is the stupidest thing I've ever done.
This is the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
This is the stupidest thing I've ever seen in my entire life.
This is the suit I'm going to wear to the concert.
This is the suit that I'm going to wear to the concert.
This is the summer time in Algeria.
This is the sunset from the ferry.
This is the supermarket where we usually do most of our shopping.
This is the surest way to succeed.
This is the surprise Edmundo was talking about.
This is the table Tom gave me.
This is the table Tom wants to get rid of.
This is the table that Tom gave me.
This is the table that Tom wants to get rid of.
This is the tallest building I've ever seen.
This is the tallest building in the city.
This is the tallest building that I have ever seen.
This is the tallest building that I've ever seen.
This is the tallest man I've ever seen.
This is the tallest scaffolding I've ever seen in my life.
This is the tallest tower in Japan.
This is the tallest tree I have ever seen.
This is the tallest tree I've ever seen.
This is the taste of victory.
This is the teacher I had a crush on.
This is the teacher I was telling you about.
This is the team.
This is the temple where he stays.
This is the temple which we used to visit.
This is the theater where we see foreign movies.
This is the thing that frightened me the most.
This is the third chapter of my life.
This is the third largest city in Serbia.
This is the third longest river in the world.
This is the third scene of the second act.
This is the third time I've been here.
This is the third time I've been to Boston.
This is the third time I've done this.
This is the third time I've heard this song today.
This is the third time I've seen this movie.
This is the third time Tom and Mary have done that.
This is the third time Tom has been late this week.
This is the third time Tom has done that.
This is the third time that I've been to Boston.
This is the third time that I've seen this movie.
This is the third time that you gave me this question.
This is the third time that you've asked me this question.
This is the third time this month that Tom and Mary have been late.
This is the third time this month that Tom has been late.
This is the third time this week Tom has done that.
This is the third time this week that Tom has done that.
This is the third time you've been late this week.
This is the third time you've tripped on that today.
This is the thousandth sentence.
This is the three hundred thirty-three thousand three hundred thirty-third Hungarian sentence.
This is the ticket line.
This is the time he normally arrives.
This is the time of year it's starting to get cold.
This is the time to do that.
This is the time to heal in America.
This is the time you should get up.
This is the tip of the iceberg.
This is the tough part about having children.
This is the toughest part of the business.
This is the toughest role he has ever taken on.
This is the town I told you about.
This is the town where I was born.
This is the town where Tom and I were born.
This is the town where he was born.
This is the town's tallest building.
This is the train for Boston.
This is the train for New York.
This is the tricky part.
This is the true story of Fadil Sadiq.
This is the true story of Sami Majid.
This is the true story of Tom Jackson.
This is the true story.
This is the trunk this ivy has grown from.
This is the truth of the matter.
This is the truth, I assure you!
This is the truth, believe me!
This is the truth.
This is the tsunami: the beach will come to you if you don't come to the beach.
This is the turning point. It's now or never.
This is the type of arrant pedantry up with which I will not put.
This is the ugliest snowman I've ever seen!
This is the umbrella I bought yesterday.
This is the unforgettable place where we met each other for the first time.
This is the usual arrangement.
This is the van that was used for the kidnapping.
This is the vase that Tom broke.
This is the version that was the hit.
This is the very CD I've been looking for.
This is the very CD I’ve been looking for.
This is the very best method.
This is the very best way to do it.
This is the very book I have been looking for.
This is the very book I've been looking for.
This is the very book for you to read.
This is the very book that I have long wanted to read.
This is the very book that I want to read.
This is the very book that I wanted to read.
This is the very book you wanted.
This is the very camera I've wanted for a long time.
This is the very camera I’ve wanted for a long time.
This is the very dictionary I've been looking for.
This is the very dictionary I’ve been looking for.
This is the very dictionary that I have been looking for.
This is the very dictionary that I have wanted so long.
This is the very dictionary that I've been looking for.
This is the very last thing I can do for you.
This is the very place I have long wanted to visit.
This is the very place that I have long wanted to visit.
This is the very reason why I take no interest in art.
This is the very room that I first met my wife in.
This is the very thing that I wanted.
This is the very thing that you need.
This is the very thing you need now.
This is the very video I have been looking for.
This is the very video I wanted to see.
This is the very video I've been looking for.
This is the video I wanted to see.
This is the video sent with the story.
This is the view from her room.
This is the view from his room.
This is the view from the balcony.
This is the village where I spent my childhood.
This is the village where I was born.
This is the village where Tom and I were born.
This is the village where he was born.
This is the village where my father was born.
This is the village where the poet was born.
This is the vodka war.
This is the wallet Carlos stole from Rima.
This is the wallet I found this morning.
This is the wallet I found.
This is the wallet I lost a week ago.
This is the wallet that I found.
This is the watch I bought yesterday.
This is the watch I lost.
This is the watch that I bought yesterday.
This is the watch that I bought.
This is the watch that I lost a week ago.
This is the watch that I lost.
This is the watch that I'd lost.
This is the way I solved the problem.
This is the way Tom told us to do it.
This is the way Tom told us to do this.
This is the way Yanni needs to be.
This is the way he learned English.
This is the way he lives his life.
This is the way he solved the problem.
This is the way he treated me.
This is the way in which it happened.
This is the way in which we can become acquainted with one another.
This is the way it must be.
This is the way it's always been.
This is the way kids learn nowadays.
This is the way of life.
This is the way out.
This is the way the world ends. Not with a bang but a whimper.
This is the way they capture elephants alive.
This is the way to do it.
This is the way to do that.
This is the way we always do this.
This is the way we came.
This is the way we've always done it.
This is the weakest class in the game.
This is the week of finals in my college.
This is the window broken by John.
This is the window he broke.
This is the window that Tom broke.
This is the window that boy broke.
This is the window which was broken by the boy.
This is the wine that Tom brought.
This is the woman I love.
This is the woman I told you about.
This is the woman that found your purse.
This is the woman that you want to see.
This is the woman whose cars were stolen.
This is the word I found in the dictionary.
This is the word that the Lord hath commanded: Let every one gather of it as much as is enough to eat; a gomor for every man, according to the number of your souls that dwell in a tent, so shall you take of it.
This is the word to regain our dignity.
This is the word which I would like to replace.
This is the world we're living in.
This is the world's first commercially available pedal generator, allowing to convert your human power into usable electricity.
This is the world's longest bridge.
This is the world's most costly earthquake.
This is the world's tallest skyscraper.
This is the worst Halloween ever.
This is the worst Halloween party ever.
This is the worst Kabyle dress I have ever seen in my life.
This is the worst accident that I have seen so far.
This is the worst book I've ever read.
This is the worst book I’ve ever read.
This is the worst book that I have ever read.
This is the worst case of the measles I've ever seen.
This is the worst cold I've ever had.
This is the worst cold that I've ever had.
This is the worst day of my life.
This is the worst earthquake on record.
This is the worst film I have seen.
This is the worst film I've ever seen.
This is the worst hamburger I've ever eaten.
This is the worst hotel in town.
This is the worst in the world.
This is the worst job I've ever had.
This is the worst movie I have ever seen.
This is the worst movie I've ever seen.
This is the worst of all possible options.
This is the worst of all.
This is the worst part ever.
This is the worst place in the world.
This is the worst possible thing that could've happened.
This is the worst snowstorm to hit England in 18 years. And for some the journey into work became an exercise in futility.
This is the worst storm in ten years.
This is the worst teacher I have had in my whole entire life.
This is the worst thing I've ever done.
This is the worst thing in the world.
This is the worst thing that has ever happened to me!
This is the worst thing that has ever happened to me.
This is the worst weather we've had all week.
This is the worst! I've gone and washed my pants with tissues still in the pocket.
This is the wrong color!
This is the wrong color.
This is the wrong key.
This is the wrong time to invoke patriotism.
This is the wrong way!
This is the year 1990.
This is the young lady you asked to see.
This is the youngest of his children.
This is the youngest of his offspring.
This is the zeroth law.
This is the zoom button.
This is their book.
This is their dog.
This is their first date.
This is their first time living in their own house.
This is their handbag.
This is their home.
This is their house.
This is their number.
This is their only choice.
This is their place.
This is their problem.
This is their speciality.
This is their traditional dance of love.
This is theirs.
This is thick English ivy.
This is third-rate tobacco.
This is this year's catalog.
This is this year's catalogue.
This is three meters long.
This is three, twenty-five off your next shop.
This is tin.
This is tiring.
This is tiring. I don't want to kill myself for others!
This is to clear up the misunderstanding.
This is to confirm the appointment we made to meet at your office at 10:00 am on Monday, February 27th.
This is to inform you of my address change. Please update your mailing list.
This is to make up for the last time.
This is to my liking.
This is today's Algeria.
This is today's agenda.
This is today's newspaper.
This is tofu.
This is toilet paper.
This is too beautiful to be seen.
This is too big and undue risk.
This is too big for one person to carry.
This is too big to carry.
This is too big to easily carry.
This is too big.
This is too bright.
This is too complicated for me to understand.
This is too complicated for me.
This is too dangerous.
This is too difficult for me to understand.
This is too difficult for me.
This is too easy for Tom.
This is too easy for her.
This is too easy for him.
This is too easy for me.
This is too easy, I guess.
This is too expensive for us.
This is too expensive!
This is too expensive.
This is too good a chance to lose.
This is too good a chance to miss.
This is too good to be something you drew.
This is too good to be true.
This is too hard a problem for me to solve.
This is too hard for me.
This is too hard.
This is too heartless and unfair.
This is too heavy a box for me to carry.
This is too heavy a workload for me.
This is too heavy for me to carry by myself.
This is too heavy for me to carry.
This is too heavy for me to lift by myself.
This is too heavy.
This is too hot to drink.
This is too important to overlook.
This is too long.
This is too much food for just me.
This is too much food for one person.
This is too much for a day's work.
This is too much for a day’s work.
This is too much for me to manage.
This is too much for me.
This is too much for one person to eat.
This is too much homework.
This is too much to process.
This is too much.
This is too much; I'm going to cry.
This is too radical.
This is too rash a decision.
This is too rich.
This is too salty.
This is too short.
This is too simple.
This is too small a house for us to live in.
This is too small.
This is too sour.
This is too spicy for me.
This is too spicy.
This is too stressful for me.
This is too sweet and that is too salty.
This is top secret.
This is top-notch.
This is top-tier stuff.
This is total destruction.
This is total nonsense.
This is totally achievable now.
This is totally insane.
This is totally irrelevant.
This is totally normal.
This is totally reasonable.
This is totally unacceptable.
This is totally unexpected.
This is totally unprecedented.
This is totally unusual.
This is totally within Mark's control.
This is totally worthless.
This is totally wrong.
This is transparent.
This is treason!
This is treason, my friends!
This is tricky.
This is triggering for me.
This is true from my point of view.
This is true in a large number of cases.
This is true love!
This is true love.
This is true of adults as well as of children.
This is true of students.
This is true of you, too.
This is true of your case also.
This is true partly because non-Westerners have begun to take pride in their own cultures and partly because those areas of the world where forks are not used have some of the highest birth rates.
This is true to life.
This is true!
This is true.
This is truly a bad omen.
This is truly a good omen.
This is truly a miracle.
This is truly a sad tale...She sold her soul long ago. Though always accompanied she will always be alone. For she has no loyalty save one, her youngest. He too will see the shapeshifter when the light comes on. The damage will be irreversible and irreparable. His fate is that of his father. Both are caused by the wickedness that lies within her. The puppet master will rejoice, for she will have no other but him. That was his plan, knowing she could not see more than two steps forward.
This is truly amazing.
This is truly cheap.
This is truly inspirational.
This is truly one of the sentences of all time.
This is truly pathetic.
This is truly shocking.
This is truly unfortunate.
This is turning out to be a long evening.
This is twice as large as that.
This is two thousand four hundred and sixty-eight dollars.
This is typical of the Berber language.
This is typical.
This is typically Algerian.
This is ugly.
This is unacceptable behaviour.
This is unacceptable to me.
This is unacceptable to us.
This is unacceptable!
This is unacceptable.
This is unbearable!
This is unbearable.
This is unbelievable!
This is unbelievable.
This is undoubtedly the best country in the world.
This is undoubtedly true.
This is unequivocally the worst meal I have ever had.
This is unethical.
This is unexpected.
This is unfair.
This is unforgettable.
This is unfortunate.
This is unheard of in Algeria.
This is unheard of.
This is unimportant.
This is unique.
This is uniquely good.
This is unknown country to me.
This is unleash greatness.
This is unlikely to please Tom.
This is unlikely to stop Tom.
This is unlikely.
This is unnecessary.
This is unparalleled.
This is unprecedented for me.
This is unprecedented.
This is unquestionably a brick wall.
This is unremarkable.
This is unsafe.
This is unsatisfactory.
This is unsliced bread.
This is unsportsmanlike behavior!
This is unthinkable.
This is unusual for me.
This is unusual weather.
This is unusual.
This is urgent.
This is used for welcoming a group to an event, and is not used as a welcome to only one person.
This is useful information.
This is useful mainly for disabled people, people with illnesses, and the elderly.
This is useless.
This is usual.
This is usually unnecessary.
This is usually used more than that.
This is utter nonsense.
This is utterly balderdash.
This is utterly ingenious.
This is utterly insane.
This is utterly ridiculous.
This is vegetable oil.
This is vegetable soup.
This is verifiable.
This is very Canadian.
This is very acidic.
This is very amusing.
This is very bad.
This is very big.
This is very bland.
This is very cheap.
This is very cold.
This is very commendable.
This is very common for a dog.
This is very common.
This is very complicated.
This is very confusing.
This is very cool.
This is very creepy.
This is very dangerous.
This is very delicious.
This is very different.
This is very difficult for Tom.
This is very difficult for her.
This is very difficult for him.
This is very difficult for me.
This is very difficult for them.
This is very difficult for us.
This is very difficult work.
This is very difficult.
This is very distressing.
This is very disturbing.
This is very easy for me.
This is very easy to use.
This is very easy!
This is very easy, isn't it?
This is very easy.
This is very embarrassing.
This is very exciting.
This is very expensive merchandise.
This is very expensive.
This is very fast-drying paint.
This is very frequent in talkshows.
This is very fresh.
This is very frightening.
This is very frustrating.
This is very funny!
This is very funny.
This is very good for Algeria.
This is very good ice cream. Won't you have some?
This is very good ice cream. Won’t you have some?
This is very good indeed.
This is very good news.
This is very good soil.
This is very good.
This is very hard for him.
This is very hard on you.
This is very hard.
This is very helpful.
This is very hot.
This is very humiliating.
This is very important for me.
This is very important meeting. You ought not to miss it.
This is very important now.
This is very important to Tom.
This is very important to me.
This is very important to us.
This is very important.
This is very important. Yet no one talks about it.
This is very impressive.
This is very inappropriate.
This is very ingenious.
This is very interesting stuff.
This is very interesting.
This is very intriguing.
This is very irregular.
This is very kind of you.
This is very likely.
This is very moving.
This is very mysterious.
This is very nice to look at.
This is very nice.
This is very painful.
This is very risky.
This is very sad.
This is very salty.
This is very scary.
This is very serious.
This is very similar to the one I have.
This is very simple.
This is very small.
This is very strange.
This is very stream-of-consciousness.
This is very surprising.
This is very suspicious.
This is very sweet.
This is very tasty!
This is very tasty.
This is very telling.
This is very tempting.
This is very tough to talk about.
This is very true.
This is very typical for you.
This is very typical of Tom.
This is very unfortunate.
This is very unhelpful.
This is very unusual.
This is very useful.
This is very valuable.
This is very wrong.
This is very, very bad.
This is very, very important.
This is very, very unusual.
This is victim blaming.
This is vinegar.
This is vitally important to the development of Algeria.
This is war.
This is warning number one.
This is water.
This is way I am refusing the offer.
This is way better than what you wrote before.
This is way better.
This is way beyond our expectations.
This is way more painful.
This is way more than we need.
This is way overdue.
This is way too dangerous for a child to play with.
This is way too difficult for me.
This is way too hard for me.
This is way too sweet.
This is weird.
This is well good.
This is well water.
This is well worth twice the price I'm asking.
This is well written.
This is what God says.
This is what God tells us.
This is what I am afraid of.
This is what I believe happened to Layla that day.
This is what I believe: that all of us can be co-workers with God. And our leadership, and our governments, and this United Nations should reflect this irreducible truth.
This is what I bought for Tom.
This is what I bought in Australia.
This is what I bought in Spain.
This is what I bought yesterday.
This is what I call "prudent foresight".
This is what I call Fadil's dark side.
This is what I call Sami's dark side.
This is what I call progress.
This is what I came for.
This is what I can do for you.
This is what I do best.
This is what I do for a living.
This is what I do in my spare time.
This is what I do to stay happy.
This is what I do with my PC.
This is what I drink when I'm with Tom.
This is what I found in the cave.
This is what I found.
This is what I get paid to do.
This is what I got.
This is what I had to do.
This is what I have been looking for.
This is what I have to do.
This is what I know about him.
This is what I like about her.
This is what I like about him.
This is what I like about you.
This is what I like doing.
This is what I like to do.
This is what I like.
This is what I live for.
This is what I look like.
This is what I love doing.
This is what I love to do.
This is what I love.
This is what I need to talk to Tom about.
This is what I need.
This is what I propose we do.
This is what I really like about heather.
This is what I really look like.
This is what I think Tom needs.
This is what I think.
This is what I thought would happen.
This is what I thought.
This is what I want to do.
This is what I want.
This is what I wanted to avoid.
This is what I wanted.
This is what I was looking for.
This is what I was telling you would happen.
This is what I was waiting for.
This is what I would call a party gone wrong.
This is what I would have said.
This is what I'll do.
This is what I'm gonna do with my life.
This is what I'm good at.
This is what I'm made of.
This is what I'm paying you for.
This is what I'm pretty good at.
This is what I'm sorry to say.
This is what I've always wanted to do.
This is what I've always wanted.
This is what I've been after for a long time.
This is what I've been looking for.
This is what I've been telling you.
This is what I've been waiting for.
This is what I've bought in Spain.
This is what I've long wanted.
This is what I've wished for all my life.
This is what I’ve long wanted.
This is what Layla wanted.
This is what Mary does for a living.
This is what Mary said she wanted.
This is what Mennad is feeling.
This is what Sami eats for dinner.
This is what Santiago wanted to happen.
This is what Tom always supported.
This is what Tom and I were looking for.
This is what Tom and I were waiting for.
This is what Tom and Mary are supposed to do.
This is what Tom and Mary do for a living.
This is what Tom and Mary have been waiting for.
This is what Tom and Mary need to do.
This is what Tom and Mary said they wanted.
This is what Tom and Mary want.
This is what Tom and Mary were trying to show us.
This is what Tom asked me to make for him.
This is what Tom asked me to make.
This is what Tom deserves.
This is what Tom does for a living.
This is what Tom feared.
This is what Tom gave me last Christmas.
This is what Tom gave me.
This is what Tom has been waiting for.
This is what Tom is supposed to do.
This is what Tom left behind.
This is what Tom needs to do.
This is what Tom needs.
This is what Tom recommended to us.
This is what Tom said he wanted.
This is what Tom said to me.
This is what Tom wanted to happen.
This is what Tom wanted.
This is what Tom wants.
This is what Tom was hiding from you.
This is what Tom was looking for.
This is what Tom was talking about.
This is what Tom was trying to show us.
This is what Tom would do.
This is what Tom would want me to do.
This is what Yanni admired about Skura.
This is what Yanni is left with now.
This is what Yanni needs.
This is what Yanni was told.
This is what Yanni will get.
This is what Ziri tried to do with Rima.
This is what Ziri won't tell you.
This is what Ziri would have done.
This is what a medlar looks like.
This is what a normal relationship looks like.
This is what an Algerian ID card looks like.
This is what antisemites actually believe.
This is what art is.
This is what confuses me.
This is what could end up happening in Algeria.
This is what disturbs Lorenzo the most.
This is what drives Layla crazy.
This is what experts call a very bad idea.
This is what fascists actually believe.
This is what friends do.
This is what fueled the fire.
This is what growing up is like.
This is what had to be done.
This is what happened in Algeria.
This is what happened last time.
This is what happened.
This is what happens when fire meets fire.
This is what happens when you do things you're not supposed to do.
This is what happens when you do things you're not used to doing.
This is what happens when you don't pay attention to what you're doing.
This is what happens when you put idiots in charge.
This is what has spooked Ziri.
This is what he gave me for my birthday.
This is what he painted.
This is what he said.
This is what he said: "I shall return by all means."
This is what he says.
This is what he was planning to do.
This is what is called a 'present' in some countries and 'bribery' in others.
This is what is called a ’present’ in some countries and ’bribery’ in others.
This is what is called the Norman Conquest.
This is what is left of the windshield chip. It's barely noticeable.
This is what it feels like.
This is what it looks like.
This is what it's all about.
This is what keeps Tom going.
This is what keeps me going.
This is what keeps us going.
This is what kids do on Halloween.
This is what killed Tom.
This is what led him to sell the house.
This is what life is all about.
This is what made us speed up our plan.
This is what mainstream scientists claim–and what is the truth?
This is what makes this game an absolute joy to play.
This is what makes you my favorite person.
This is what maternal affection is like.
This is what motivated him to learn the Quran.
This is what motivated him to memorize the Quran.
This is what motivated him to study Berber.
This is what motivated him to study Islam.
This is what motivated him to study the Quran.
This is what must be done.
This is what must happen.
This is what my made me cry.
This is what my mother gave me when I got married.
This is what my mother used to say.
This is what normally happens.
This is what people do every day.
This is what ruined my life.
This is what ruined the moment.
This is what scares them.
This is what started the whole thing.
This is what sucks the most.
This is what the Bible says.
This is what the Lord says.
This is what the Quran teaches us.
This is what the ivy looked like before.
This is what the law says.
This is what the vox populi reports: he who stirs up the mire brings the mud to the surface.
This is what they call a lucky break.
This is what they didn't want us to film.
This is what they don't want you to know.
This is what they have in common with other peoples.
This is what they're hiding from you.
This is what unites us.
This is what was missing all along.
This is what we asked for.
This is what we believe.
This is what we both wanted.
This is what we call "tempura".
This is what we call a "brand new idea".
This is what we came for.
This is what we could do:
This is what we do here in Australia.
This is what we do here in Boston.
This is what we feared.
This is what we found.
This is what we have now.
This is what we have to do.
This is what we need to do.
This is what we need.
This is what we see with Fadil.
This is what we see with Sami.
This is what we thought would happen.
This is what we want from now on.
This is what we want to know.
This is what we want.
This is what we wanted to avoid.
This is what we were afraid would happen.
This is what we were talking about yesterday.
This is what we'll do.
This is what we're up against.
This is what we've been looking for.
This is what we've been waiting for.
This is what we've come to.
This is what we've come to. Are you happy now?
This is what will change Algeria.
This is what works for me.
This is what works.
This is what you asked for.
This is what you can do in order to improve your language skills.
This is what you get.
This is what you got me out of bed for?
This is what you have to do.
This is what you have to know about Algeria.
This is what you must do.
This is what you need to do first.
This is what you need to know.
This is what you need.
This is what you owe me in payment.
This is what you paid me to do.
This is what you said.
This is what you should be doing.
This is what you wanted, right?
This is what you wanted.
This is what you'll do.
This is what you're paid to do.
This is what you're supposed to do.
This is what you've been waiting for.
This is what'll happen.
This is what's causing him to go bald.
This is what's going on.
This is what's going to happen.
This is what's happening.
This is what's needed for this kind of work.
This is what's smelling like pot.
This is what's supposed to happen.
This is what's wrong with our culture, but we can change it.
This is when discipline comes in.
This is when poop hit the fan.
This is when self-control comes in.
This is when the accident happened.
This is where Algeria did something unique.
This is where Algeria's economic story takes a unique turn.
This is where Boris's story gets really disturbing.
This is where Fadil wanted to live.
This is where I absolutely disagree with you.
This is where I always eat lunch.
This is where I belong.
This is where I brought my girlfriend on our first date.
This is where I draw the line.
This is where I feel I belong.
This is where I feel at home.
This is where I first met Tom.
This is where I found your key.
This is where I get off.
This is where I grew up.
This is where I live.
This is where I lived for all of my life.
This is where I met Tom.
This is where I pitched my tent the last time I stayed here.
This is where I plan to stay.
This is where I saw a snake yesterday.
This is where I sit.
This is where I sleep.
This is where I spend a lot of my time.
This is where I spend most of my time.
This is where I spend most of the day.
This is where I spend my time.
This is where I spent my childhood.
This is where I stayed the last time I came to Boston.
This is where I thought I parked my car.
This is where I tripped and fell yesterday.
This is where I used to work.
This is where I usually buy shoes.
This is where I usually do my shopping.
This is where I usually eat lunch.
This is where I want to be.
This is where I want to build a house.
This is where I want to live for the rest of my life.
This is where I want to live.
This is where I want to pitch my tent.
This is where I want to stay.
This is where I was born and brought up.
This is where I was born and raised.
This is where I was born.
This is where I went to school.
This is where I work.
This is where I'm supposed to stay.
This is where Layla's worst nightmare began.
This is where Lewis Jones is buried.
This is where Mary said she found the gold coin.
This is where Mary said she used to live.
This is where Mary stays when she's in Boston.
This is where Mary told us to meet her.
This is where Mom met Dad.
This is where Mother and I differ greatly. Her advice in the face of melancholy is: "Think about all the suffering in the world and be thankful you're not part of it." My advice is: "Go outside, to the country, enjoy the sun and all nature has to offer. Go outside and try to recapture the happiness within yourself; think of all the beauty in yourself and in everything around you and be happy."
This is where Sami hangs out.
This is where Sami lost his life.
This is where Sami's car was parked.
This is where Tom and I are supposed to sit.
This is where Tom and I met.
This is where Tom and I used to play tennis.
This is where Tom and I were born and raised.
This is where Tom and Mary got married.
This is where Tom and Mary hang out.
This is where Tom and Mary live.
This is where Tom and Mary met.
This is where Tom and Mary said they found the gold coin.
This is where Tom and Mary said they used to live.
This is where Tom and Mary stay when they're in Boston.
This is where Tom and Mary stayed on their honeymoon.
This is where Tom and Mary told us to meet them.
This is where Tom and Mary want to live.
This is where Tom and Mary work.
This is where Tom attacked me.
This is where Tom belongs.
This is where Tom comes back into it.
This is where Tom died.
This is where Tom got confused.
This is where Tom got mugged.
This is where Tom got shot.
This is where Tom grew up.
This is where Tom hangs out.
This is where Tom injured himself.
This is where Tom leaves.
This is where Tom lives.
This is where Tom met Mary for the first time.
This is where Tom pointed to, I think.
This is where Tom said he buried the treasure.
This is where Tom said he found the gold coin.
This is where Tom said he parked his car.
This is where Tom said he used to live.
This is where Tom said he wanted to live.
This is where Tom said that he buried the treasure.
This is where Tom says he wants to live.
This is where Tom stays when he's in Australia.
This is where Tom stays when he's in Boston.
This is where Tom told us to meet Mary.
This is where Tom told us to meet him.
This is where Tom used to go to school.
This is where Tom used to live.
This is where Tom used to sit.
This is where Tom used to sleep.
This is where Tom used to work.
This is where Tom usually parks his car.
This is where Tom wants to live.
This is where Tom was born.
This is where Tom was found.
This is where Tom was last seen.
This is where Tom was mugged.
This is where Tom will live.
This is where Tom worked.
This is where Tom works.
This is where Tom's car was parked.
This is where Yanni ate.
This is where Yanni went to college.
This is where Yanni's story starts.
This is where Ziri killed his first gazelle a couple of years ago.
This is where Ziri would be camping for the night.
This is where Ziri's camera was found.
This is where Ziri's car is garaged.
This is where Ziri's dad grew up.
This is where a lot of people get confused.
This is where freshwater and saltwater meet.
This is where he keeps his belly button rings.
This is where he lives.
This is where he purchased the padlock.
This is where he used to work.
This is where he was born.
This is where human beings and animals greatly differ.
This is where it all began for me.
This is where it all began.
This is where it all happens.
This is where it all started for me.
This is where it all started.
This is where it became complicated.
This is where it began.
This is where it gets complicated.
This is where it happened.
This is where it really starts getting fun.
This is where it starts getting interesting.
This is where it took place.
This is where it's all happening.
This is where my dad works.
This is where my demons come out to play.
This is where my family used to live.
This is where my father works.
This is where my life is.
This is where our friendship ends.
This is where our properties meet.
This is where our ways part. Many thanks!
This is where she lives.
This is where the accident happened.
This is where the army is.
This is where the believers perform their ablutions.
This is where the buses park.
This is where the cold water is.
This is where the concert took place the other day.
This is where the confusion came from.
This is where the dung beetle’s burrow is located.
This is where the fun begins.
This is where the historic battle is said to have taken place.
This is where the home-grown oysters are planted, along with 2.5 billion oyster spat that come directly from the state oyster hatchery. While homeowners only grow a couple of million by comparison each year, a much higher percent of the nurtured oysters survive.
This is where the ivy started growing.
This is where the jungle begins.
This is where the magic happens.
This is where the movie ends.
This is where the nightmare began.
This is where the parallels seem to end.
This is where the poet was born.
This is where the problem lies!
This is where the real story begins.
This is where the shoe pinches!
This is where the stolen necklace was found.
This is where the stolen necklace was hidden.
This is where the story ends.
This is where the story starts to get weird.
This is where the town used to sit.
This is where the toys are painted.
This is where the trails merge.
This is where the treasure is buried.
This is where they usually eat supper.
This is where they usually have their evening meals.
This is where things got the toughest for Mennad.
This is where we absolutely disagree with you.
This is where we belong.
This is where we both belong.
This is where we differ very much from Japanese workers.
This is where we get off.
This is where we had our tents set up.
This is where we like to play.
This is where we live.
This is where we make our stand.
This is where we part.
This is where we stayed last summer.
This is where we used to live.
This is where we want to be.
This is where we want to build our house.
This is where we watch TV.
This is where we were attacked.
This is where we were raised.
This is where we will be pitching our tents.
This is where we're expecting the avalanche to fall.
This is where we're going to stay.
This is where we're supposed to sit.
This is where you are going to find your destiny.
This is where you are mistaken.
This is where you belong.
This is where you can learn Berber.
This is where you'll find Boston's seedy underbelly.
This is where you're supposed to sit.
This is where you're wrong.
This is white bread.
This is white wine.
This is who I am.
This is who I am. Take me or leave me.
This is who I really am.
This is whole milk.
This is why I am refusing the offer.
This is why I came back.
This is why I came here.
This is why I didn't want to make an announcement.
This is why I dislike cats.
This is why I don't have a boyfriend.
This is why I don't have any friends.
This is why I failed French.
This is why I fired Tom.
This is why I fired him.
This is why I hate Halloween.
This is why I hate him.
This is why I love Algeria.
This is why I need help.
This is why I often multiply the translations: it is to pull the rug out from under the feet of those who shamelessly plagiarize us.
This is why I quit the job.
This is why I want Tom to go.
This is why I want to talk to Tom.
This is why I was afraid to tell you.
This is why I was late for school.
This is why I would like an extended visa, as well as funds for my stay.
This is why I'm a dangerous guy.
This is why I'm refusing the offer.
This is why I'm telling you to forget it.
This is why Lounis Aït-Menguellet sings “You took away misery, it gave birth to twins; you have broken your chains, they have turned to encircle you even more ...” Listen to him.
This is why Mennad wants to do this.
This is why Tatoeba is multilingual. But not that kind of multilingual. Not the kind where languages are simply being paired up together, and where some pairs are left behind.
This is why Tom and Mary are in trouble.
This is why Tom doesn't like cats.
This is why Tom is in trouble.
This is why Tom left.
This is why Yanni failed.
This is why Yoshio has caught a cold.
This is why birds like the pigeon or the Arctic tern can find their way around the world.
This is why everything should be questioned.
This is why girls love cucumbers.
This is why he didn't go to study abroad.
This is why he didn’t go to study abroad.
This is why he got angry with you.
This is why he needs you.
This is why he said yes to you.
This is why it's so important to be informed.
This is why nobody likes her.
This is why people love you.
This is why people should never share their syringes.
This is why she is still angry with me.
This is why they can find their way around the world.
This is why they failed.
This is why they fear Ziri.
This is why they hate Ziri.
This is why they hate us.
This is why they left for America yesterday.
This is why we can't have nice things.
This is why we can’t have nice things.
This is why we don't allow pets in the apartment: because of the mess they make.
This is why we pay taxes.
This is why you are sick all the time!
This is why you must set a good example for your children.
This is wider than it is long.
This is wild.
This is wildly optimistic.
This is wine.
This is winter.
This is wire.
This is wisdom in hindsight.
This is without a doubt the best album of his career.
This is without a doubt true.
This is wonderful news.
This is wonderful! Thank you.
This is wonderful.
This is working great.
This is worrisome.
This is worse than a bomb!
This is worse than death, for it means disgrace as well.
This is worse than everything else.
This is worth a great deal to me.
This is worth about three thousand dollars.
This is worth considering.
This is worth one million yen.
This is worth studying.
This is worth understanding.
This is worth watching.
This is worthless to me.
This is worthless.
This is worthy of merit.
This is written in Albanian.
This is written in Arabic.
This is written in Bulgarian.
This is written in Catalan.
This is written in Czech.
This is written in English.
This is written in French.
This is written in German.
This is written in Greek and it means "good luck".
This is written in Mirandese.
This is written in Norwegian.
This is written in Portuguese.
This is written in Spanish.
This is written in Swedish.
This is wrong, not right.
This is wrong.
This is yeast.
This is yesterday's newspaper.
This is yesterday's newspaper. Where's today's paper?
This is yesterday's newspaper. Where's today's?
This is yesterday's paper.
This is yet another example of flagrant abuse of power.
This is yet another phrase.
This is yet to come.
This is your Berber book.
This is your Berber dictionary.
This is your Berber textbook.
This is your Berber workbook.
This is your French-Berber dictionary.
This is your Mother's Day gift.
This is your apartment.
This is your bag, isn't it?
This is your bedroom.
This is your big chance, don’t mess it up.
This is your big chance.
This is your big moment.
This is your boarding pass with the gate number.
This is your book.
This is your boss's problem, not yours.
This is your brain on drugs.
This is your bread.
This is your brother.
This is your calculator.
This is your captain speaking.
This is your car.
This is your cellphone, isn't it?
This is your chance to be heard.
This is your chance to do the right thing.
This is your chance to escape.
This is your chance to make things right.
This is your chance to put your money where your mouth is.
This is your chance to relax.
This is your chance to shine.
This is your chance to show us what you're made of.
This is your chance to show yourself!
This is your chance to try this.
This is your chance to win.
This is your chance – your opportunity.
This is your chance!
This is your chance, Tom.
This is your chance.
This is your change.
This is your choice and I must respect it.
This is your choice.
This is your civic duty.
This is your color!
This is your community.
This is your country.
This is your cousin Yanni.
This is your decision.
This is your destiny.
This is your dog.
This is your dog. Where's mine?
This is your doing!
This is your doing.
This is your duty.
This is your fate.
This is your fault.
This is your final warning.
This is your finest hour.
This is your first assignment.
This is your first doughnut, isn't it?
This is your friend's car?
This is your friendly reminder that thanks to ancient Greek, Mesopotamian, and Egyptian myth, queer people the world over can accurately say we're god-like. Something to remember next time you're dealing with queerphobes of all sorts.
This is your guys' house.
This is your handbag.
This is your handwriting, isn't it?
This is your handwriting, right?
This is your hat, isn't it?
This is your hat, isn’t it?
This is your home, Tom.
This is your home.
This is your house now.
This is your house.
This is your key.
This is your last chance to reconcile with Tom.
This is your last chance to spend time with Tom.
This is your last chance.
This is your last opportunity.
This is your last question?
This is your last warning!
This is your last warning.
This is your life, make it legendary.
This is your lucky day.
This is your marriage certificate.
This is your mess. You clean it up.
This is your mess. You fix it.
This is your mobile, isn't it?
This is your mobile, right?
This is your moment to shine.
This is your most legitimate title.
This is your new home.
This is your new weekly schedule.
This is your newspaper.
This is your one chance, Tom.
This is your one chance.
This is your only chance.
This is your only opportunity.
This is your only warning.
This is your opportunity to be his benefactor—to help provide for him in his old age and when he suffers from infirmities.
This is your opportunity to show the world what you're made of.
This is your own doing.
This is your own fault.
This is your periodic reminder that countries aren't real; we made them up.
This is your pilot speaking.
This is your point of view; another ones' point of views are different.
This is your problem, not mine.
This is your problem.
This is your pudding.
This is your responsibility. It's not the kind of thing you can laugh off.
This is your responsibility. It’s not the kind of thing you can laugh off.
This is your room.
This is your share of the loot.
This is your share of the money.
This is your share.
This is your son, Mary!
This is your special day.
This is your stop.
This is your table.
This is your thing.
This is your ticket to freedom.
This is your time!
This is your train.
This is your victory.
This is your waitress uniform.
This is your wake-up call.
This is your watch.
This is your wine.
This is yours, isn't it?
This is yours.
This is zero.
This is zinc.
This is, even now, an unrealized dream.
This is, in part, due to the fiber optic connections sending laser light densely packed with data through plastic or glass cables, creating a faster user experience.
This is, indeed, a great piece of news.
This is, indeed, like the old days.
This is, of course, not even getting into how many Esperanto proverbs are translations of Yiddish ones.
This is, of course, not true.
This is, strictly speaking, a mistake.
This is, without a doubt, an embarrassing situation for me.
This island belonged to France in the 19th century.
This island has an ideal climate.
This island has been built by China.
This island is a natural paradise.
This island is a paradise for children.
This island is a pirates' den.
This island is a tropical paradise.
This island is beautiful.
This island is full of igneous rock.
This island is in the south of Japan.
This island is isolated.
This island is our new home.
This island is really beautiful.
This island is six times bigger than Manhattan.
This island is three kilometres off the coast.
This island lies in the Atlantic Ocean.
This island was once French.
This island's ownership is in dispute.
This isn't Australia.
This isn't Berber.
This isn't French.
This isn't French. It's English.
This isn't Leon's actual voice. It's artificial intelligence.
This isn't Little Black is it?
This isn't Mandarin, it's Shanghainese.
This isn't Monday, is it?
This isn't OK.
This isn't Sami's picture.
This isn't Spanish.
This isn't Tom's bicycle.
This isn't Tom's car.
This isn't Tom's first rodeo.
This isn't Tom's handwriting.
This isn't Tom's hat, is it?
This isn't Tom's hat.
This isn't Tom's office.
This isn't Tom's only dog. He has three other dogs.
This isn't Tom's pen.
This isn't Tom's picture.
This isn't Tom's problem.
This isn't Tom's.
This isn't Versailles!
This isn't Yanni's first brush with the law.
This isn't Yanni's original story.
This isn't Ziri's room.
This isn't a French word.
This isn't a Halloween costume.
This isn't a Third World country.
This isn't a bad option.
This isn't a bad poem.
This isn't a bad team.
This isn't a bad thing.
This isn't a bad way to spend a Monday, is it?
This isn't a bad way to spend a Monday, right?
This isn't a bank.
This isn't a basketball.
This isn't a bazaar, where you can start bargaining on prices.
This isn't a believable story.
This isn't a big deal.
This isn't a big farm, but it's enough to provide fresh air.
This isn't a bit correct.
This isn't a bug, it's an undocumented enhancement.
This isn't a celebrity.
This isn't a chair.
This isn't a charity.
This isn't a cheap hotel.
This isn't a coincidence.
This isn't a competition.
This isn't a complex case.
This isn't a condom.
This isn't a contest.
This isn't a conversation to have over the phone.
This isn't a crime, is it?
This isn't a cutscene, it's actually an FMV.
This isn't a dating site.
This isn't a dating website.
This isn't a debate.
This isn't a democracy; we have to do what the government says.
This isn't a diamond. It's just plain glass.
This isn't a difficult job.
This isn't a dog, it's a fox.
This isn't a done deal.
This isn't a drill.
This isn't a drug that can be sold without a prescription.
This isn't a fair boycott.
This isn't a fair test.
This isn't a fir tree.
This isn't a first-hand account.
This isn't a fish.
This isn't a fluke.
This isn't a game to me.
This isn't a game.
This isn't a gimmick.
This isn't a good idea.
This isn't a good place to do that.
This isn't a good place to pitch a tent.
This isn't a good place to talk.
This isn't a good reason.
This isn't a good sign.
This isn't a good time for me.
This isn't a good time to buy a house.
This isn't a good time to buy platinum.
This isn't a good time to do that.
This isn't a good time to take a break.
This isn't a good time to take a nap.
This isn't a good time to visit Tom.
This isn't a good time.
This isn't a government project.
This isn't a great job, but it helps pay the bills.
This isn't a handout.
This isn't a hard job.
This isn't a hat.
This isn't a horse but a donkey.
This isn't a hospital.
This isn't a hotel.
This isn't a house.
This isn't a job that a woman can do.
This isn't a joke.
This isn't a joking matter.
This isn't a laughing matter.
This isn't a map.
This isn't a matter for negotiation.
This isn't a matter of choice.
This isn't a mistake.
This isn't a monkey. It's a koala.
This isn't a museum.
This isn't a myth.
This isn't a negotiation.
This isn't a new car.
This isn't a new development.
This isn't a new policy.
This isn't a new study.
This isn't a noun; it's an adjective.
This isn't a one-way street.
This isn't a paid position.
This isn't a party.
This isn't a picture of Tom.
This isn't a pipe.
This isn't a place for kids.
This isn't a poem.
This isn't a poisonous snake.
This isn't a post office.
This isn't a prank.
This isn't a priority.
This isn't a prison.
This isn't a private beach.
This isn't a problem for Tom.
This isn't a ram, it's a goat!
This isn't a real diamond.
This isn't a real distinction.
This isn't a safe place to be.
This isn't a safe place to stay.
This isn't a safe place.
This isn't a school.
This isn't a school. It's a hospital.
This isn't a secret document.
This isn't a secret.
This isn't a sentence in Chinese!
This isn't a sentence.
This isn't a sentence. It's a button name!
This isn't a sham.
This isn't a sheep. It's a goat.
This isn't a small problem.
This isn't a snake!
This isn't a snake, but a slowworm.
This isn't a social call.
This isn't a subjective assessment.
This isn't a super-satisfying answer.
This isn't a theater.
This isn't a theory. It's fact.
This isn't a tiger.
This isn't a time for celebration.
This isn't a time to give up.
This isn't a toy.
This isn't a trap.
This isn't a trick.
This isn't a trivial matter.
This isn't a trivial number.
This isn't a trivial point.
This isn't a useful expression.
This isn't a vacation.
This isn't a very comfortable bed.
This isn't a very comfortable chair.
This isn't a very good brandy.
This isn't a very good company.
This isn't a very good time.
This isn't a violin. It's a viola.
This isn't a waste of time.
This isn't a way to welcome guests.
This isn't a whim.
This isn't about Tom, is it?
This isn't about Tom.
This isn't about Tom. This is about us.
This isn't about her, is it?
This isn't about her.
This isn't about him, is it?
This isn't about him.
This isn't about me or Tom.
This isn't about me.
This isn't about money or power. This is about my legacy.
This isn't about money.
This isn't about that.
This isn't about them, is it?
This isn't about them.
This isn't about us.
This isn't about what I want.
This isn't about winning or losing.
This isn't about you and me.
This isn't about you, Tom.
This isn't about you.
This isn't about you. This is about me.
This isn't acceptable.
This isn't against the law, is it?
This isn't all bad.
This isn't all that complicated.
This isn't all we have.
This isn't all, Fadil.
This isn't always the case.
This isn't always true.
This isn't an adventure. It's a suicide mission.
This isn't an apple tree.
This isn't an apple. It's a pear.
This isn't an eagle.
This isn't an easy decision.
This isn't an easy job.
This isn't an easy question.
This isn't an easy task.
This isn't an easy thing for Tom to do.
This isn't an easy time for me.
This isn't an emergency issue.
This isn't an emergency.
This isn't an everyday occurrence.
This isn't an expression he uses.
This isn't an illusion.
This isn't an island, but a peninsula.
This isn't an issue anymore.
This isn't an unappealing proposition, is it?
This isn't an unsolvable problem.
This isn't any fun.
This isn't any good.
This isn't any old chair; it's an antique.
This isn't any ordinary ability.
This isn't any scarier than the Germans.
This isn't anyone's fault. You're all to blame.
This isn't appropriate.
This isn't as bad as I thought.
This isn't as crazy as it seems.
This isn't as crazy as it sounds.
This isn't as crazy as you may think.
This isn't as crazy as you think.
This isn't as difficult to do as I thought it would be.
This isn't as easy as I thought it would be.
This isn't as easy as Tom told me it would be.
This isn't as easy as it looks.
This isn't as easy to do as I thought it would be.
This isn't as hard as it looks.
This isn't as hard to do as I thought it would be.
This isn't as much fun as the last time.
This isn't as salty as I thought it was going to be.
This isn't aspirin.
This isn't at all surprising.
This isn't at all what I had expected.
This isn't at all what I wanted.
This isn't at all what I was looking for.
This isn't at all what Tom expected.
This isn't bad.
This isn't beer.
This isn't blood. It's just red paint.
This isn't blow.
This isn't butter. It's margarine.
This isn't certain yet.
This isn't cheap.
This isn't cheating.
This isn't clean.
This isn't comforting.
This isn't completely wrong.
This isn't complicated.
This isn't correct.
This isn't dangerous.
This isn't difficult.
This isn't doing you any good.
This isn't drinking water.
This isn't easy at all.
This isn't easy for me.
This isn't easy to do well.
This isn't easy to fix.
This isn't easy to read.
This isn't easy.
This isn't encouraging.
This isn't enough food to feed everyone.
This isn't enough for me.
This isn't enough, but it's better than nothing.
This isn't enough.
This isn't entirely Tom's fault.
This isn't entirely coincidental.
This isn't ethical.
This isn't even close to being enough.
This isn't everyone's cup of tea.
This isn't everyone, some are still missing.
This isn't everything I asked for.
This isn't everything I ordered.
This isn't everything Sami ordered.
This isn't exactly healthy.
This isn't exactly helping.
This isn't exactly how I expected things to turn out.
This isn't exactly how I pictured it would be.
This isn't exactly how I wanted things to turn out.
This isn't exactly impressive.
This isn't exactly legal.
This isn't exactly my cup of tea.
This isn't exactly my idea of having fun.
This isn't exactly the kind of house I want to live in.
This isn't exactly the way I wanted to do it.
This isn't exactly what I had in mind.
This isn't exactly what I want.
This isn't exactly what I wanted to hear.
This isn't exactly what I wanted.
This isn't exactly what I was looking for.
This isn't exactly what we need.
This isn't exactly what we'd planned.
This isn't expensive.
This isn't fair to me.
This isn't fair.
This isn't finished at all.
This isn't finished.
This isn't food.
This isn't football, this is soccer!
This isn't for Tom.
This isn't for Tom. It's for Mary.
This isn't for everybody.
This isn't for everyone.
This isn't for me.
This isn't for sale at any price.
This isn't for sale.
This isn't for you, Tom.
This isn't for you.
This isn't fun anymore.
This isn't fun at all.
This isn't fun.
This isn't fun. This is boring.
This isn't funny any more.
This isn't funny anymore.
This isn't funny at all.
This isn't funny.
This isn't gasoline.
This isn't getting us anywhere.
This isn't going to affect Ziri's career.
This isn't going to be easy.
This isn't going to be good.
This isn't going to end any time soon.
This isn't going to end well for you.
This isn't going to end well!
This isn't going to end well, I feel it!
This isn't going to end well.
This isn't going to fix anything.
This isn't going to go away.
This isn't going to happen again.
This isn't going to just go away.
This isn't going to serve them well.
This isn't going to solve anything.
This isn't going to take long.
This isn't going to work out.
This isn't going to work, you know.
This isn't going to work.
This isn't going well.
This isn't good French.
This isn't good at all.
This isn't good for Tom.
This isn't good for her.
This isn't good for you.
This isn't good news.
This isn't good.
This isn't half-bad.
This isn't happening.
This isn't hard for you.
This isn't hard.
This isn't healthy.
This isn't helpful.
This isn't helping anything.
This isn't helping.
This isn't her first time.
This isn't her handwriting.
This isn't her phone.
This isn't his bicycle.
This isn't how Halloween should be.
This isn't how I envisioned this happening.
This isn't how I remember it.
This isn't how I wanted this to end.
This isn't how we should be doing this.
This isn't how we usually solve problems.
This isn't how we're used to doing this.
This isn't hype.
This isn't important to me.
This isn't important.
This isn't in French.
This isn't in the script.
This isn't ink.
This isn't intended for everyday use.
This isn't interesting at all.
This isn't it.
This isn't journalism; this is trash.
This isn't just Tom's problem.
This isn't just a simple defeat: I lost the balance I have maintained for my whole life and now absolutely everything is collapsing.
This isn't just about Tom.
This isn't just about Tom. It's about all of us.
This isn't just for decoration here.
This isn't just for me.
This isn't just for you, is it?
This isn't just going to go away.
This isn't just my problem.
This isn't justified.
This isn't kindergarten, folks!
This isn't knitting. It's weaving.
This isn't legal.
This isn't like Tom.
This isn't like her.
This isn't like him at all.
This isn't like him.
This isn't like you at all.
This isn't like you.
This isn't likely to change.
This isn't logical.
This isn't love.
This isn't mine to give.
This isn't mine.
This isn't money.
This isn't much fun.
This isn't music.
This isn't my accordion. It's Tom's.
This isn't my area of expertise.
This isn't my area of scientific expertise.
This isn't my bag.
This isn't my bedroom. It's Tom's.
This isn't my blood. It's all splash-back from my opponent. There isn't a single scratch on me.
This isn't my book.
This isn't my car, that's my car.
This isn't my car.
This isn't my car. It's yours.
This isn't my color.
This isn't my cup.
This isn't my daughter.
This isn't my day.
This isn't my decision.
This isn't my dictionary.
This isn't my dog.
This isn't my fault, is it?
This isn't my fault.
This isn't my favorite time of the year.
This isn't my favorite.
This isn't my favourite subject.
This isn't my favourite time of year.
This isn't my first Halloween.
This isn't my first rodeo.
This isn't my first time here.
This isn't my first time riding a bicycle.
This isn't my first time to be here.
This isn't my first time to do this.
This isn't my first time to drive a sports car.
This isn't my first time.
This isn't my floor. I live on the third floor.
This isn't my harmonica.
This isn't my hat.
This isn't my home.
This isn't my job!
This isn't my job.
This isn't my key.
This isn't my knife.
This isn't my money.
This isn't my native accent.
This isn't my native dialect.
This isn't my natural hair color.
This isn't my opinion, it's just what I've translated.
This isn't my pen.
This isn't my phone number.
This isn't my phone.
This isn't my point of view, it's only my translation!
This isn't my problem.
This isn't my real accent.
This isn't my responsibility. It's yours.
This isn't my specialty.
This isn't my ticket.
This isn't my translation.
This isn't my translation. I would translate it differently.
This isn't my umbrella.
This isn't my umbrella. It belongs to someone else.
This isn't my umbrella. It's someone else's.
This isn't my umbrella; it's somebody else's.
This isn't my wallet.
This isn't natural.
This isn't necessarily bad.
This isn't necessarily the problem in Algeria.
This isn't necessary.
This isn't negotiable.
This isn't new anymore.
This isn't new.
This isn't news to anyone.
This isn't news.
This isn't normal at all.
This isn't normal.
This isn't nothing but the truth.
This isn't on the agenda.
This isn't one of my books.
This isn't only unique to Algeria.
This isn't open for discussion.
This isn't our biggest problem.
This isn't our bus.
This isn't our concern.
This isn't our fault.
This isn't our final destination.
This isn't our only problem.
This isn't our problem.
This isn't our station.
This isn't our stop.
This isn't our train.
This isn't ours.
This isn't over yet.
This isn't over.
This isn't paper.
This isn't part of my job description.
This isn't pomo enough for my taste.
This isn't pork, is it?
This isn't possible without Tom's help.
This isn't possible.
This isn't proper food for Tom.
This isn't quite enough.
This isn't quite it yet but I think that we're getting closer.
This isn't quite what I had in mind.
This isn't quite what I want.
This isn't quite what I wanted.
This isn't ready to sell yet.
This isn't real black bread.
This isn't real life.
This isn't real.
This isn't really Tom's fault.
This isn't really a big deal.
This isn't really anything new.
This isn't really happening.
This isn't really helping.
This isn't really true.
This isn't really what I had in mind.
This isn't right.
This isn't rubber.
This isn't safe.
This isn't salt.
This isn't salty.
This isn't satisfactory.
This isn't scary.
This isn't serious.
This isn't silver.
This isn't so bad.
This isn't so dangerous. It's just secret, and I don't want too many people about.
This isn't so difficult.
This isn't so fun.
This isn't so important.
This isn't so much fun.
This isn't so rare.
This isn't so uncommon.
This isn't socially acceptable in a Muslim society.
This isn't soluble in water.
This isn't something I planned on.
This isn't something I typically do, and I may need some guidance.
This isn't something I wanted to do.
This isn't something I'd planned on.
This isn't something I'd planned to do.
This isn't something I'm proud of.
This isn't something Yanni is supposed to do.
This isn't something just anyone can do.
This isn't something that I do every day.
This isn't something that I'd planned on.
This isn't something that I'd planned to do.
This isn't something that Yanni wants.
This isn't something that adults drink.
This isn't something that children should drink.
This isn't something that happens very often.
This isn't something that interests me.
This isn't something that just anybody can do.
This isn't something that just anyone can do.
This isn't something that you do every Monday, is it?
This isn't something that's sold in stores.
This isn't something you can buy.
This isn't spoken about much.
This isn't sugar.
This isn't suitable for everyday use.
This isn't supposed to be happening.
This isn't supposed to be possible.
This isn't supposed to happen.
This isn't surprising at all.
This isn't sustainable.
This isn't taking place in Algeria.
This isn't tasteless.
This isn't that big of a deal.
This isn't that difficult.
This isn't that hard to do.
This isn't the Tom that I knew.
This isn't the best one we have.
This isn't the best solution.
This isn't the best time.
This isn't the best way to learn.
This isn't the bicycle I usually ride.
This isn't the bicycle that I usually ride.
This isn't the book that I was reading.
This isn't the boy that was here yesterday.
This isn't the car I usually drive.
This isn't the car that I usually drive.
This isn't the company it used to be.
This isn't the easiest way to do this.
This isn't the end of the story yet.
This isn't the end of the world.
This isn't the entrance.
This isn't the first notice that we've gotten.
This isn't the first notice that we've received.
This isn't the first study of its kind.
This isn't the first time I've been bullied.
This isn't the first time I've been here.
This isn't the first time I've done this.
This isn't the first time I've forgotten to do that.
This isn't the first time I've ridden a bicycle.
