So weren't you at home yesterday?
So we’d better stay home.
So we’re content to harvest, gut, broil, and eat these dullards of the deep.
So we’re gonna have a barbecue party. Tell your parents that my parents are gonna be there.
So we’ve been working to change these stereotypes. That’s why we’re encouraging more girls to pursue their love for science, and technology, and engineering, and math.
So what I told you still stands.
So what are birds actually?
So what are schoolchildren learning these days about Thanksgiving? Sharon Biros is a first-grade teacher in Clairton, Pennsylvania. Her students learn about the holiday as they discuss being good citizens. They read stories about the Indians and the Pilgrims. And the children tell what they are each thankful for.
So what are the implications?
So what are the results?
So what are we going to do now?
So what are you all saying?
So what are you going to do now?
So what are you implying?
So what are you saying, Tom?
So what are you saying? He's an artist?
So what are you suggesting?
So what are you talking about?
So what are you up to today, Tom?
So what are your plans?
So what can I do for you?
So what did Tom say?
So what did Tom see?
So what did you do last weekend?
So what did you do?
So what did you mean by that?
So what did you talk about?
So what did you think of this pony here?
So what did you think?
So what do I do now?
So what do I do?
So what do we do if Tom and Mary show up?
So what do we do if Tom shows up?
So what do we do now?
So what do you and I have in common?
So what do you do for fun?
So what do you have in mind for me?
So what do you suggest we do?
So what do you suggest?
So what do you think of that?
So what do you think, Tom?
So what do you think?
So what do you want to do tomorrow?
So what do you want to do?
So what do you want to know?
So what do you want with me?
So what does it mean?
So what else is new?
So what exactly are we talking about here, Tom?
So what exactly happened?
So what exactly is wrong with Tom?
So what finally happened?
So what happened here?
So what happened next?
So what happened to you anyway?
So what happened to your arm?
So what happened?
So what happens next?
So what happens now?
So what happens then?
So what happens to the protagonist at the end?
So what happens when people are misdiagnosed and given the wrong treatment?
So what if I am a goblin?
So what if I am gay? Is it a crime?
So what if I lost?
So what if I'm gay?
So what if he's dangerous?
So what if that's true?
So what if that's what happened?
So what if you show up and she's not there and then it starts to pour?
So what is Tom doing tonight?
So what is everyone's problem?
So what is it going to be?
So what is it that you need?
So what is it you want me to do?
So what is the plan?
So what is the secret to a school course in mathematics being conservative?
So what is your solution?
So what really happened?
So what seems to be the problem?
So what should I do now?
So what should I do?
So what should be done?
So what should we do?
So what should we talk about?
So what time do you get off work?
So what was that about?
So what was the solution?
So what were the results?
So what were we talking about?
So what will you do in the afternoon?
So what'll happen now?
So what're you saying?
So what's a candlestick?
So what's all this?
So what's been going on?
So what's going on with that project you were working on?
So what's going on?
So what's going to happen?
So what's happening? Shall we see each other tomorrow or not?
So what's it like?
So what's new?
So what's next for Tom?
So what's next for you?
So what's on your mind?
So what's our next move?
So what's the big deal?
So what's the big hurry now?
So what's the big mystery?
So what's the deal?
So what's the good news?
So what's the next move?
So what's the plan now?
So what's the point?
So what's the problem, exactly?
So what's the prognosis?
So what's the solution?
So what's the weather like in hell?
So what's this all about?
So what's wrong with my idea?
So what's your deal here?
So what's your dilemma?
So what's your excuse?
So what's your point?
So what's your problem?
So what, we should both go down too? Out of sheer fucking nobility?
So what, you just stare at his picture and jack off?
So what?
So what? I can do that as well.
So what? I can do that, too.
So what? It doesn't matter to me.
So what? It doesn’t matter to me.
So what’s happening? Shall we see each other tomorrow or not?
So what’s your problem?
So when did you buy yourself a motorcycle?
So when did you decide that?
So when is she coming back?
So when the bold and compact band I see, / "Brave hearts", I cry, "but brave, alas! in vain; / if firm your purpose holds to follow me / who dare the worst, our present plight is plain. / Troy's guardian gods have left her; altar, fane, / all is deserted, every temple bare. / The town ye aid is burning. Forward, then, / to die and mingle in the tumult's blare."
So when the ewes went first to ram, Jacob put the rods in the troughs of water before the eyes of the rams, and of the ewes, that they might conceive while they were looking upon them.
So when the foaming river, uncontrolled, / bursts through its banks and riots on the plain, / o'er dyke and dam the gathering deluge rolled, / from field to field sweeps on with cattle, flock and fold.
So when their screams descending fill the strand, / Misenus from his outlook sounds the fray.
So when will you cook me dinner?
So when you've realized it, you've wolfed down almost all of it.
So when's the wedding?
So where are you girls going?
So where are you guys going?
So where are you headed?
So where are you now?
So where did Tom go?
So where did you live?
So where do I go?
So where does Al Gore fit in to the story?
So where does he live?
So where have the red-headed children gone to?
So where is this young talent?
So where were you?
So where're you going?
So where's he staying?
So where's the fire?
So where's the mistake you've been harping on for so long?
So where's the problem?
So which way is it to the People's Park?
So which way is it to the People’s Park?
So while Vasilissa grew each day more lovely and graceful, she was often miserable, and but for the little doll in her pocket, would have longed to leave the white world.
So who are we talking about?
So who are you kidding?
So who are you then?
So who could have set this house on fire?
So who did he tell the new story to?
So who is more conservative?
So who really cares?
So who's left in the store?
So who's still at the store?
So who's this guy you're gonna marry?
So who's this guy?
So whose are these notebooks?
So why am I crying again?
So why are you doing this?
So why are you here?
So why can't you take care of it?
So why did you tell Tom to do it?
So why didn't you come?
So why didn't you tell the truth before?
So why do you want six copies of the same book?
So why don't you just give up?
So why don't you quit?
So why don't you tell Tom that?
So why don't you tell her that?
So why don't you tell him that?
So why don't you tell them that?
So why is French so difficult?
So why not just say "If you think you've done enough for Tatoeba to become a trusted_user, write a message to a trusted_user or moderator that speaks your languages and tell them. They will look over your work to check whether you've understood the system or not. If you have, you're in."?
So why not just say "If you think you’ve done enough for Tatoeba to become a trusted_user, write a message to a trusted_user or moderator that speaks your languages and tell them. They will look over your work to check whether you’ve understood the system or not. If you have, you’re in."?
So why should you care?
So why the detailed monitoring? We shall see now.
So will anything change?
So wine and venison, to their hearts' desire, / refreshed their strength.
So wise as you might be.
So with this particular colorant we were able to get deeper, cleaner, natural and beautiful colors.
So yeah, how should I do it?
So yelling "Play Freebird" at a concert has become something of a heckle or a joke, sometimes meant to imply that the performer is a hack, sometimes simply intended to be ironic and get a chuckle.
So you admit it.
So you admit that you lied?
So you admit we have a problem?
So you admit you lied?
So you are acting high-handedly.
So you are back again.
So you are really offering me a Roflex watch for 5 dollars?
So you ate at your house?
So you both failed the exam?
So you came out of the sky too! What planet are you from?
So you can do the same thing every day without getting tired of it?
So you can express it.
So you can fix computers as well!
So you can imagine my astonishment when I was awakened at daybreak by a funny little voice saying: “Please, will you draw me a little lamb?”
So you can't even remember what you said?
So you can't help me?
So you come from another planet?
So you could certainly call yourself.
So you could watch a Photoshop tutorial on YouTube if you wanted to learn how to color correct photographs, for example.
So you decided to become a criminal?
So you did not randomly see her yesterday?
So you didn't get jealous?
So you didn't go to war.
So you didn't see her yesterday by chance?
So you do believe me?
So you don't forget, I've written it down for you.
So you don't understand this sentence?
So you don’t understand this sentence?
So you flew to Taza.
So you get it, right?
So you give up, right?
So you have a broken back, you poor thing!
So you know Vietnamese. Cool!
So you know only English and Lojban.
So you lied to me?
So you like him too, do you?
So you lost all your money? That'll teach you to gamble.
So you really don't know?
So you really wanna get rid of me.
So you should come next week to my sister's birthday celebration, certainly she will be there.
So you speak Berber?
So you speak English fluently? Name every word.
So you talked to Mary?
So you talked to Tom?
So you think this is funny?
So you think you're a tough guy?
So you think you're special?
So you understand what I mean.
So you wanna do this?
So you want to do zumba? Aren't you going to get tired of it fast, like everything else?
So you want to learn another language. Welcome, then, to Tatoeba!
So you went to Ouarzazat.
So you went to taza.
So you were begged to stay and you actually listened?
So you were never in love with me.
So you'll do it?
So you're Extremaduran?
So you're a man after all.
So you're a mercenary, right?
So you're allowed to do that and I'm not?
So you're done with me.
So you're finally done with the semester?
So you're going to take a compass for her son.
So you're going to taza.
So you're her brother!
So you're his brother!
So you're not going anywhere tomorrow?
So you're not planning to come to today's class?
So you're not trying to get in her pants?
So you're one of those people.
So you're planning to follow this course as well!
So you're politicians, right?
So you're serious about that?
So you're taking a compass for her son.
So you're the one playing practical jokes on me.
So you're thinking of converting?
So you've got hair on your chest after all.
So you've got to be a believer.
So you've known all this time?
So you’re a man after all.
So you’re interested in Berber.
So you’ve got hair on your chest after all.
So you’ve got to be a believer.
So, Betty, have you decided on your dream home yet?
So, I continue to spend my days alone.
So, I didn't call for any particular reason; I just wanted to hear your voice. If you're busy, I'll let you go.
So, I didn’t call for any particular reason; I just wanted to hear your voice. If you’re busy, I’ll let you go.
So, I dislike root beer.
So, I don't know what to do next spring.
So, I don’t know what to do next spring.
So, I phoned National Rail Enquiries yesterday afternoon.
So, I should try to do that, right?
So, I still need a happy ending!
So, I think that it is open.
So, I was right?
So, I will not say nothing.
So, I'm arrived.
So, I... I just turned into an alicorn today. I'm not used to the wings... Yeah, so, it's like... different, being an alicorn. I was thinking about maybe what I can do with the new powers, like, maybe I can use them in some awesome battle to get something I like: "Hey, now that I'm a god, you're gonna give me my books for free!" See, but then I can't think of anything where violence is gonna benefit me in the long run. I mean, I always had potential to be violent, so I guess nothing is changed... Maybe now it's worse.
So, Italy’s streets are unpeopled—a contradiction of how life is lived in Italy, which, aside from the worst of the winter months, is pursued outside, on terraces with neighbors, and in the piazzas with friends.
So, Tom, are you doing anything tonight?
So, Tom, do you want to get out of here?
So, Tom, do you want to go see a movie?
So, Tom, tell us about yourself.
So, Tom, what can I do for you today?
So, Tom, what did you sabotage?
So, after the death of the prophet, we are again alone.
So, am I back on the team?
So, are you all ready for Christmas?
So, are you and Tom...?
So, are you coming or what?
So, are you coming?
So, are you free tonight?
So, are you going or not?
So, are you going to buy that or not?
So, are you going to help me fix this or not?
So, are you going to help me or not?
So, are you going to marry Tom or not?
So, are you going to retire?
So, are you going to tell me who you are?
So, are you happy?
So, are you just going to do nothing?
So, are you just going to sit there, or are you going to help us?
So, are you ready or not?
So, are you really a nurse?
So, are you seeing anyone?
So, are you still Tatoebaing?
So, at the garden, makeshift scarecrows stand guard over the crops by day, and by night, families fearing their crops will be destroyed take turns sleeping in tents.
So, be my guest!
So, brokers, what do you want to give me?
So, can I ask you guys something?
So, can you speak French fluently now?
So, did anything happen?
So, did you buy it for Tom?
So, did you buy it for her?
So, did you buy it for him?
So, did you buy it for them?
So, did you get kissed?
So, did you like it?
So, did you still want to come with me to the store?
So, do we talk about that project or not?
So, do you get it?
So, do you like it?
So, do you really want to do this?
So, does it help?
So, don't you work together?
So, have you decided to join us?
So, have you learnt arithmetic? - Sure!
So, have you thought about my offer?
So, have you told Tom yet?
So, have you told her yet?
So, have you told him yet?
So, have you told them yet?
So, he kissed you?
So, how are you and Tom getting along?
So, how are you at the moment?
So, how are you finding Turkey?
So, how are you?
So, how did I do?
So, how did aspirin become so important? The story begins with a willow tree. Two thousand years ago, the Greek doctor Hippocrates advised his patients to chew on the bark and leaves of the willow. The tree contains the chemical salicin. In the 1800s, researchers discovered how to make salicylic acid from salicin. In 1897, a chemist named Felix Hoffmann at Friedrich Bayer and Company in Germany created acetyl salicylic acid. Later, it became the active substance in a medicine that Bayer called aspirin.
So, how did he like it?
So, how did she like it?
So, how did you like it?
So, how did your date go?
So, how do you explain that?
So, how do you like her?
So, how does it feel to be a father?
So, how is life in the big city?
So, how long have you known Tom?
So, how should one behave?
So, how was that?
So, how was this reception?
So, how was your high school reunion?
So, how'd it go?
So, how'd the date go?
So, how's Algeria?
So, how's business?
So, how's it going with you?
So, how's it going?
So, how's the card used?
So, if I were gay, would it be a crime?
So, if a La Nina occurs we might see just a little bit of attenuation of what we have been seeing, which is record temperatures year after year after year globally.
So, if you are struggling, please know you are not alone, that you are seen, and that you deserve to receive the help you desire and the help you need.
So, is everyone happier now?
So, is it okay for me to do this?
So, is the glass half full or half empty?
So, is your brother white?
So, it isn't hot at all.
So, it isn’t hot at all.
So, it surely should be like white on rice!
So, it's understood.
So, let sleeping dogs lie.
So, let's get down to business.
So, let's get started!
So, let’s say a friend of yours is angry about a flat tire on his car. But then he stops and thinks for a minute and says, “Well, at least I have a car. I should count myself lucky and give thanks for small blessings.”
So, maybe there's hope after all.
So, my enemy, I won't let you attempt on the holy of holies of my heart, you will pay for it, I promise.
So, players were often seriously injured and sometimes even killed in these rough games.
So, please do so.
So, please submit it by 12 o'clock in 5 days.
So, shall we?
So, she kissed you?
So, should we get going?
So, something more?
So, straight on, then right, and then?
So, straight, then to the right, and then?
So, tell me about the party.
So, tell me, what have you learned in Russian this week?
So, that comment that you made about me running into the fire was aggravatingly hypocritical.
So, that's settled, then.
So, that's why Tom came here.
So, the answer would be about 41.2 meters.
So, the assistant returned $1 to each man.
So, the little boy put his hands in his pockets.
So, the matter is settled.
So, the time has come to say "Farewell!"
So, this is the nata-de-coco that everyone is talking about.
So, time to get started. Good luck working!
So, time to get to work. Good luck working!
So, too, in his descriptions of the Elysian Fields and of Tartarus, Virgil simply reproduces in substance the many similar descriptions which occur in the Greek poets and philosophers; and although he perfects these with many exquisite touches of his own, such original contributions of his belong rather to the domain of art than of eschatology.
So, two hundred it is, right?
So, two times to the right, right?
So, was it worth it?
So, was there a time when you were a wizard, too?
So, we finally meet! I've waited so long for this moment.
So, we finally meet! I’ve waited so long for this moment.
So, we'll see what the new week brings.
So, well, it's a bitter decision for the student council to make as well. Give 'em a break.
So, well, it’s a bitter decision for the student council to make as well. Give ’em a break.
So, were you lying?
So, what about flirting at work?
So, what about you?
So, what am I getting out of this?
So, what are we going to do?
So, what are you doing at the weekend?
So, what are you doing tonight?
So, what are you going to tell us about Tom?
So, what are you up to tonight?
So, what are you waiting for?
So, what can I do for you?
So, what did you decide about that?
So, what did you say to him?
So, what did you tell him?
So, what did you want to talk about?
So, what did you want to talk to me about?
So, what did your dad say?
So, what do I get from it?
So, what do they normally do?
So, what do we do in the meantime?
So, what do we do in this case?
So, what do we do now?
So, what do we need to do?
So, what do you find so interesting about dinosaurs?
So, what do you guys want to do tonight?
So, what do you mean?
So, what do you propose?
So, what do you recommend?
So, what do you say?
So, what do you serve at your restaurant?
So, what do you suggest?
So, what do you think about it?
So, what do you think of her?
So, what do you think of him?
So, what do you think of it?
So, what do you think of my plan?
So, what do you think of our new house?
So, what do you think so far?
So, what do you think?
So, what do you want to do tomorrow?
So, what do you want to do?
So, what do you want us to do about it?
So, what does Tom look like?
So, what does all of this mean?
So, what does that tell you?
So, what drove you to do it?
So, what else can we do?
So, what else did Tom tell you?
So, what else do we not know about Tom?
So, what else is going on?
So, what else is new?
So, what exactly did Tom do?
So, what exactly happened?
So, what exactly is your point?
So, what gives?
So, what happened this time?
So, what happened to Tom?
So, what happened with the money?
So, what happened, exactly?
So, what happened?
So, what have you done?
So, what have you found there?
So, what is climate?
So, what is it you want me to say?
So, what is this really about?
So, what needs to be done?
So, what should I do now?
So, what should I tell Tom?
So, what should I tell her?
So, what should I tell him?
So, what should I tell them?
So, what should we do now?
So, what should we make of that?
So, what was it like?
So, what was that about?
So, what was your point again?
So, what were the problems?
So, what would you do?
So, what you're telling me is that I have to work tomorrow.
So, what'll you give me?
So, what're you looking at?
So, what're you looking for?
So, what're you trying to say?
So, what're you waiting for?
So, what's it gonna be?
So, what's new?
So, what's next?
So, what's on our agenda?
So, what's the problem?
So, what's your decision?
So, what's your name?
So, what's your opinion?
So, what's your secret?
So, what?
So, when an aged ash on mountain tall / stout woodmen strive, with many a rival blow, / to rend from earth; awhile it threats to fall, / with quivering locks and nodding head; now slow / it sinks and, with a dying groan lies low, / and spreads its ruin on the mountain side.
So, when are you going to break down and buy a house?
So, when did you two meet?
So, when is it convenient for you?
So, when the tempest bursting wakes the war, / the justling winds in conflict rave and roar, / South, West and East upon his orient car, / the lashed woods howl, and with his trident hoar / Nereus in foam upheaves the watery floor.
So, when you said that you loved me, it was a lie?
So, when's the wedding?
So, where are you guys going?
So, where do we go from here?
So, where do you want to do this?
So, where does he live now?
So, where is she?
So, where shall we begin?
So, where's the necklace?
So, where's the problem?
So, which is the best vacuum cleaner?
So, who called?
So, who came?
So, who is your best friend? Tell me about him or her. What is he or she like?
So, who is your dad?
So, who killed Tom?
So, who won the Italian elections?
So, who's the lucky girl?
So, who's the lucky guy?
So, who's the lucky one?
So, why are you here?
So, why change it?
So, why did you come so early?
So, why did you say?
So, why do you live with Tom?
So, why don't you just go?
So, why?
So, will this mean healthier cities?
So, will you do it?
So, will you go out with me?
So, you and Tom are pretty close friends, huh?
So, you are smart, young, creative, talented, ambitious, self-confident, full of new ideas? And you have got at least one thing you are actually able to do, haven't you?
So, you believe in the evil eye?
So, you believe me after all.
So, you can imagine the president trying to get work done and just being besieged by office seekers, lobbyists, all types of people who would essentially stand out in the hallway and hope to get a quick meeting with the president or catch a glimpse of the president.
So, you decided to come after all.
So, you do admit that you've lied, right?
So, you do have feelings for me.
So, you don't know what Esperanto is?
So, you don't think I'm good enough for you.
So, you giving up?
So, you have a movie idea for me?
So, you like him too.
So, you think this is funny?
So, you think you can dance.
So, you want her back now?
So, you want her to come back immediately?
So, you were the one behind this!
So, you're back again.
So, you're dating Mary?
So, you're dating Tom?
So, you're not coming?
So, you're not going to tell me what that is?
So, you're not going?
So, you're not too bored?
So, you're saying that I should use this vase as a toilet?
So, you're still pretty tired, aren't you?
So, you're sure you don't want to go to Boston?
So, you've known all this time?
So-called "animal traction" isn't a Congolese tradition, but the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) says that in areas where roads are bad, it could take a load off people's backs — especially for women.
So-called "foreign" words, i.e. those which the majority of languages have taken from one source, are used in Esperanto without modification, acquiring only Esperanto spelling; but when faced with a number of words derived from one root, it is better to leave only the fundamental word unmodified and from this create the derivatives according to the rules of Esperanto.
So-called "gender exploratory therapy" is a type of conversion therapy created by former conversion therapists.
So-called "winter time" is expected to enhance the college reform.
So-called hormone replacement therapy, or HRT, is currently the only regulatory-approved treatment for menopause symptoms. But researcher Katherine Newton of Group Health in Seattle, Washington notes fewer women are opting to take HRT. So, researchers are looking for healthy alternatives to ease menopause complaints.
So-called metabolic syndrome is marked by elevated blood sugar, high blood pressure and cholesterol, and excess fat around the waistline. A diagnosis of metabolic syndrome also includes a high body mass index (BMI), a measurement of a person's weight relative to his height.
So-called regional specialities are things prized by out-of-towners but spurned by locals.
So-called trade friction could be avoided some day.
So-so, nothing special.
So. Having had all that done to him it would be stranger if he wasn't enraged.
So. Having had all that done to him it would be stranger if he wasn’t enraged.
So... he has training three hours a day, five days a week.
So... you were saying?
So?
So? Are these translations correct? Truth be told, I first wrote them in French, then translated them into Kabyle, and only after that did I translate them into English.
So? Feeling refreshed, the morning after graduating from virginity?
Soak a beef heart in cold water for an hour, changing the water several times in order to draw out all the blood.
Soak in the dramatic scenery and let the magic of this awe-inspiring villa cast its spell on you.
Soak the beans overnight before cooking them.
Soak the pears in brandy.
Soak them overnight.
Soak this sponge in water.
Soak walnuts in water to reduce the bitterness.
Soap can clean grime.
Soap has the property of removing dirt.
Soap helps remove the dirt.
Soap will, in fact, remove the body's natural protective layer.
Soap, please.
Soaring and volatile food prices have experts warning of recurring food crises, putting poor people — especially women and children — at risk.
Sob!
Soba is made of buckwheat flour, and udon and kishimen are made of plain wheat flour.
Sober drivers are people too.
Sober living is good living.
Sobriety is his kryptonite.
Soccer and basketball are popular sports.
Soccer and the word "soccer" originated in England.
Soccer has spread all over the world.
Soccer is Algerians' favorite pastime.
Soccer is Brazilians' favorite entertainment.
Soccer is a fun game to play.
Soccer is a popular sport in Algeria.
Soccer is a popular sport in almost all the world.
Soccer is a sport in which players can't touch the ball with their arms, except for the keeper, who can use his whole body to defend the goal.
Soccer is a sport.
Soccer is a team sport.
Soccer is a very popular sport in Algeria.
Soccer is an exciting game.
Soccer is an exciting sport.
Soccer is an old game.
Soccer is good.
Soccer is incredibly popular in Italy.
Soccer is like that.
Soccer is more popular in Japan than it used to be.
Soccer is more popular than baseball.
Soccer is more popular than tennis.
Soccer is most popular in Brazil.
Soccer is my favorite game.
Soccer is my favorite sport.
Soccer is not necessarily confined to men.
Soccer is not really my thing.
Soccer is one of Algeria's national sports.
Soccer is one of my little brother's hobbies.
Soccer is the best sport of the world!
Soccer is the big sport in Algeria.
Soccer is the favorite sport of the French.
Soccer is the most popular in Brazil.
Soccer is the most popular of all sports.
Soccer is the most popular sport in Brazil.
Soccer is the national sport of the Netherlands.
Soccer is the sport that I prefer.
Soccer is the world's most popular sport.
Soccer is very popular among Japanese students.
Soccer is very popular in Spain.
Soccer might be a game for rough girls, but it barely works as one for delicate boys.
Soccer or rugby? Which one do you play?
Soccer originated in England.
Soccer played throughout the world today is closest to the original football.
Soccer players make a lot of money.
Soccer practice is at 4:00.
Soccer practice starts at 5 p.m. for Gustavo.
Soccer practice was over and John was going home.
Soccer remains the poor man's sport.
Soccer spread all over the world.
Soccer star David Beckham and his wife Victoria have arrived in Bangkok, Thailand, on the second leg of their promotional tour of Asia.
Soccer star Lionel Messi reportedly wore a good luck charm during a World Cup game.
Soccer tournaments are Gustavo's favorite events.
Soccer, or football, as it is called in much of the world, continues to be played in Belarus.
Sochi has a subtropical climate and temperatures rarely fall below freezing.
Sociability is as much a law of nature as mutual struggle.
Social attitudes oftentimes take generations to change.
Social bonds are sometimes more important than reproductive roles.
Social conditions are going backward rather than forward.
Social conflict will increase if inequality continues.
Social conflicts are the icing on the cake for demagogues.
Social customs vary from country to country.
Social customs vary greatly from country to country.
Social distancing and isolation can be hard.
Social distancing comes naturally to Tom.
Social distancing due to the coronavirus pandemic closed public gathering places like spas, but a rehabilitation center in Italy left open its thermal pools to patients recovering from the infection.
Social distancing has become an important new normal worldwide as countries try to stem the spread of coronavirus.
Social distancing is one of the best tools we have to contain this virus.
Social distancing is one of the best tools we have to fight COVID-19.
Social dynamics shape our society.
Social empathy can lead us to confront the racism in our country.
Social hierarchies serve to constrict freedom of choice.
Social interaction is the very foundation of social life.
Social isolation takes a toll on our health.
Social justice is good, actually.
Social means that someone is open to others and can work well together.
Social media addiction hinders my ability to fully engage in meaningful face-to-face interactions.
Social media and online content play a huge role as Gen Z’s source of information.
Social media are a waste of time.
Social media are harming our kids.
Social media contribute to these negative effects.
Social media could greatly impair the intelligence of our kids.
Social media gives the right to speak to legions of idiots, who used to only speak at the bar behind a glass of wine, without damaging the community. They were immediately silenced, but now they have the same right to speak as a Nobel laureate. There's an invasion of idiots.
Social media has been sharing hashtag #coveryourmouth, admonishing people to use the crook of their arm, a handkerchief or a tissue to block the spew of aerosolized germs in public places.
Social media has provided Gen Zers an intense connectivity with the world around them, but somehow, according to a 2018 survey, they are still the loneliest.
Social media has taken over our lives.
Social media have enabled the protests.
Social media have helped our cause a lot.
Social media have made us more densely networked than ever. Yet new research suggests that we have never been lonelier and that this loneliness is making us mentally and physically ill.
Social media have removed the idea of privacy.
Social media increase social isolation.
Social media is a means for free expression of ideas.
Social media is a waste of time.
Social media is filled with misinformation.
Social media is growing in importance.
Social media is here to stay.
Social media keeps friends updated on each other's lives.
Social media leads to the amplification of once-fringe views, for better or worse.
Social media may be inhibiting the ability of young people to communicate verbally.
Social media posts showed pictures and videos of fences, walls and backyards covered with spiders seeking dry and higher ground.
Social media teems with borrowed material that isn't attributed.
Social media users could face up to three years in jail for postings that authorities consider to be disinformation under proposed legislation.
Social media was a mistake.
Social media waste your time.
Social media, like Twitter and Facebook, often release information to the public that has not been verified, or long before a legitimate news organization would release it.
Social media, like Twitter and Facebook, often release information to the public that has not been verified, or long before a legitimate news organization would release it. So, it is possible for erroneous information to spread quickly.
Social mobility does not exist in this country.
Social networking sites are all the rage now.
Social networking sites are dangerous for people under 13.
Social networks are a big part of our lives, but opinions diverge when it comes to how effective they are in fostering interpersonal relationships.
Social networks enable men to revive their instinct of pack hunters, like hyena.
Social norms shape our behavior.
Social norms shape our behaviour.
Social order does not come from nature. It is founded on customs.
Social pressures dictate our decisions.
Social progress can be measured by the social standing of the feminine sex.
Social relationships are secondary to this business.
Social relationships influence conversations.
Social securities are not something that should be trifled with.
Social security? Who do they think they're kidding.
Social security? Who do they think they’re kidding.
Social transition is when a trans person starts going by a different name and pronouns and begins dressing differently; it does not imply hormones or surgical interventions.
Social unrest increased in Morocco.
Social unrest may come about as a result of the endless rising of prices.
Social unrest may come about as a result of this long recession.
Socialising is difficult for people with schizotypal disorder.
Socialising with people is difficult for those with schizotypal personality disorder.
Socialism and communism are the same shit.
Socialism and communism are wonderful.
Socialism has potential and good intentions, but it rarely works in practice.
Socialism is beautiful in theory, but it doesn't have a great track record.
Socialism is making inroads with the American youth.
Socialism is the lower stage of communism.
Socialism is the same as Communism, only better English.
Socialism is when the government does stuff.
Socialism means a lot of different things to a lot of different people.
Socialism never took root in America because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat, but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires.
Socialism or barbarism.
Socialist agriculture attained great success.
Socialist slogans and state management of the economy have not sufficiently modernized Algeria or reduced corruption.
Socialization with dogs is healthy for humans. Dogs help us to reduce stress, create a feeling of companionship, and give us memorable experiences.
Socializing and communicating, such as visiting with friends or attending or hosting social events, accounted for an average of 39 minutes per day, and was the next most common leisure activity after watching TV.
Socializing can help Yanni.
Socially awkward children are more susceptible to bullying.
Socially awkward people have a harder time finding romantic partners.
Socially awkward people tend to develop insecurities.
Societal values change from generation to generation.
Societies can run without states.
Society and the individual are inextricably linked.
Society and the individual are inseparable.
Society can change.
Society consists of individuals.
Society could not care less.
Society does not agree with this law.
Society does not encourage relationships between people who have a large age gap.
Society exists for the sake of the individual.
Society exists only as a mental concept; in the real world there are only individuals.
Society grows through literature.
Society has a fragile ego.
Society has a great influence on individuals.
Society has completely normalized the 9-to-5 work schedule.
Society has seen a lot of change recently.
Society imposes boundaries on our actions.
Society is a cult.
Society is always changing.
Society is an insane asylum run by the inmates.
Society is built on trust.
Society is changing fundamentally.
Society is changing.
Society is complex.
Society is composed of individuals.
Society is destined to be destroyed.
Society is destined to be doomed.
Society is destined to be ruined.
Society is divided.
Society is doomed.
Society is insane.
Society is losing its mind.
Society is obsessed with extremes.
Society is rotting.
Society is sacred.
Society is sick.
Society is the most evil of necessities.
Society is unfair!
Society is unfair, isn't it?
Society looks down on people like Ziri.
Society must do away with laws which cause racial discrimination.
Society must prioritize the safety of children.
Society needs to change.
Society operates according to a contract known as the social EULA.
Society prepares the crime; the criminal commits it.
Society sets limits on what we can do.
Society should strive to create an inclusive environment that accepts and celebrates diverse sexual orientations.
Society will be better if we work together.
Society will be doomed.
Society will be ruined.
Society will perish.
Society's a cult.
Society's patriarchal norms perpetuate the notion that femininity is inherently weaker or less valuable.
Sociolinguistics recognizes that a person may speak his mother tongue using various registers depending on the social situation.
Sociology is a science that investigates society.
Sociopathic people can't control themselves.
Sociopathic people see human beings as their property.
Sociopaths always accuse someone else of being guilty.
Sociopaths always feel attacked.
Sociopaths always have someone else to blame.
Sociopaths are abusers.
Sociopaths are abusive.
Sociopaths are afraid of being exposed.
Sociopaths are afraid of being uncovered.
Sociopaths are afraid of losing arguments.
Sociopaths are afraid of losing control.
Sociopaths are aggressive.
Sociopaths are antisocial.
Sociopaths are basically antisocial.
Sociopaths are bitter and mean.
Sociopaths are cold.
Sociopaths are cruel.
Sociopaths are dangerous people.
Sociopaths are dangerous.
Sociopaths are driven by impulsivity.
Sociopaths are driven by short-term thinking.
Sociopaths are evil.
Sociopaths are ill-tempered.
Sociopaths are immature.
Sociopaths are impulsive and ill-tempered.
Sociopaths are impulsive people.
Sociopaths are impulsive.
Sociopaths are incapable of feeling empathy.
Sociopaths are incapable of liking anyone.
Sociopaths are incredibly good at lying.
Sociopaths are indifferent to other people's suffering.
Sociopaths are insensitive.
Sociopaths are irresponsible.
Sociopaths are manipulative.
Sociopaths are master manipulators.
Sociopaths are mischievous.
Sociopaths are narcissistic.
Sociopaths are neurologically different from normal people.
Sociopaths are not afraid of hurting other people.
Sociopaths are not interested in other people's safety.
Sociopaths are possessive over other people.
Sociopaths are ready to take risks even at their own expense to get their way.
Sociopaths are terrified of being exposed.
Sociopaths are toxic people.
Sociopaths are unable to feel guilt.
Sociopaths are unable to feel remorse.
Sociopaths are unable to feel shame.
Sociopaths are very calculating.
Sociopaths are very defiant.
Sociopaths are very hot-headed.
Sociopaths are very manipulative.
Sociopaths are violent.
Sociopaths aren't interested in other people's feelings.
Sociopaths attack other people's insecurities.
Sociopaths attack other people's sensitivity.
Sociopaths break the rules a lot.
Sociopaths can be very controlling.
Sociopaths can be very rude.
Sociopaths can never be friends.
Sociopaths consider others as mere instruments to be used for their own interests.
Sociopaths crave control.
Sociopaths develop a superiority complex.
Sociopaths disregard other people's feelings.
Sociopaths do not feel any remorse or guilt.
Sociopaths don't even realize they're being rude.
Sociopaths don't feel compassion.
Sociopaths don't forgive or forget.
Sociopaths don't have close relationships with many people.
Sociopaths don't hesitate to lie to hurt other people.
Sociopaths don't hesitate to violate laws.
Sociopaths don't let anything stand in their way.
Sociopaths don't like anyone.
Sociopaths don't like to be exposed.
Sociopaths don't like to be held accountable.
Sociopaths don't think about the possible consequences of their actions.
Sociopaths don't want anyone else to know that they're wolves in sheep clothing.
Sociopaths fail to learn from their mistakes.
Sociopaths fail to plan ahead.
Sociopaths fake emotions.
Sociopaths go to the nuclear option in any situation.
Sociopaths hate people who expose them. That explains why that bunch of lunatic racists hate you so much.
Sociopaths have a grandiose sense of self.
Sociopaths have a pathological need to tell lies.
Sociopaths have a profound sense of entitlement that makes them think that everyone is obligated to them.
Sociopaths have a talent for manipulating others.
Sociopaths have absolute disregard to other people's feelings.
Sociopaths have an incapacity for empathy.
Sociopaths have an incapacity for love.
Sociopaths have behavioral problems.
Sociopaths have demons they can barely contain.
Sociopaths have difficulties in keeping friends.
Sociopaths have difficulties in making friends.
Sociopaths have emotional problems.
Sociopaths have no concern for other people.
Sociopaths have no conscience.
Sociopaths have no feelings.
Sociopaths have poor judgment.
Sociopaths have strained relationships with almost everyone.
Sociopaths have superficial connections with their friends.
Sociopaths hurt others without a second thought.
Sociopaths know which button to push to make you trust them.
Sociopaths lack empathy.
Sociopaths lie all the time.
Sociopaths lie constantly.
Sociopaths lie endlessly.
Sociopaths lie so much.
Sociopaths lie so often that it becomes part of their personality.
Sociopaths lie to hurt others.
Sociopaths lie.
Sociopaths like everything that makes them feel powerful.
Sociopaths like telling lies.
Sociopaths like to abuse people.
Sociopaths like to control people around them.
Sociopaths like to control people.
Sociopaths like to control vulnerable people.
Sociopaths like to emotionally hurt other people's feelings.
Sociopaths like to play games with the police. They would tell this truth but not that one.
Sociopaths like to play the victim card when they feel cornered.
Sociopaths love control.
Sociopaths never apologize.
Sociopaths never explain themselves.
Sociopaths never express compassion except when it benefits them.
Sociopaths never feel remorse and they rationalize the pain they inflict on others.
Sociopaths never feel remorseful.
Sociopaths never forgive.
Sociopaths never take their responsibility for their own actions.
Sociopaths often break the rules.
Sociopaths prioritize their own personal gain.
Sociopaths rarely display remorse or feelings of guilt for their crimes.
Sociopaths rationalize the pain they inflict on others.
Sociopaths tear other people down for their own personal gain.
Sociopaths use lies to manipulate others.
Sociopaths use people to obtain what they want.
Sociopaths use people.
Sociopaths use their charisma to attract others.
Sociopaths would do anything for instant gratification.
Sociopaths would never admit their mistakes.
Sociopaths would say anything to get their way.
Sociopaths would talk back to you.
Sociopaths would tell their friends that they would never survive without them.
Socks are feet pants.
Socrates happily drank up the poison.
Socrates happily swallowed the poison.
Socrates is an ape. Apes eat figs. Socrates doesn't wear pants.
Socrates loves him, not me.
Socrates said that recognising your own ignorance is the first step towards wisdom.
Socrates said, "Those who want fewest things are nearest to the gods."
Socrates used to pray to the gods simply to give what was good, feeling that the gods knew best.
Socrates used to say, "I know that I know nothing, but many people don't know that they know nothing."
Socrates was Plato's teacher.
Socrates was a philosopher.
Socrates was accused of atheism because he did not believe in Zeus.
Socrates was arraigned on the ground that he was corrupting the young.
Socrates was sentenced to death by drinking an infusion of poison hemlock.
Socrates was the wisest of the Greek philosophers.
Socrates, Plato and Aristotle are the three greatest philosophers of classical antiquity.
Socrates, who would easily have been acquitted by the judges, chose to die.
Sod farmers often grow different grasses for different conditions. Farmers must cut, fertilize and water the sod often. The crop may not be ready for up to two years. Farmers harvest it in pieces of various lengths and up to one meter wide.
Sod off!
Sod off.
Soda ash is used to produce glass, cosmetics, detergent, paper pulp and other industrial goods.
Soda makes Tom jittery.
Soda pop is pressurized using carbon dioxide.
Sodas contain enormous amounts of sugar and calories.
Sodas have too much sugar; it is better to drink fresh juices.
Sodium benzoate is a very common food preservative.
Sodium bicarbonate is commonly known as baking soda.
Sodium chloride is commonly known as salt.
Sodium hydroxide is corrosive.
Sodium hydroxide is quite hygroscopic.
Sodium hydroxide is used in making soaps.
Sodium is a ubiquitous element.
Sodium is an ubiquitous element.
Sodium is one of the most abundant elements in the Earth's crust.
Sodium reacts vigorously and exothermically with water.
Sodium streetlights are being replaced by LEDs.
Soeder told Ethiopian media the agreement would bring Bavarian expertise in football to the sports-hungry nation of Ethiopia.
Sofa forts are fun.
Sofas like that don't come cheap.
Sofas like that don’t come cheap.
Sofia and Adam are the parents.
Sofia is Bulgaria's capital.
Sofia is the capital of Bulgaria.
Sofia sent me a 2-hour documentary on Paraguay in Spanish.
Sofia's smile just now was so lovely.
Sofia, Plovdiv, Varna, Burgas, and Ruse are the most heavily populated cities in Bulgaria.
Sofiane Babaci was kidnapped from his home.
Soft healers make stinking wounds.
Soft music is often conducive to sleep.
Soft music often helps you fall sleep.
Soft rain hisses as it falls on the burnt forest floor.
Soft solder, as referred to here, means solder that melts at a temperature of 300 degrees or less, and is so called because of the low heat required to fuse the solder.
Soft wool is more expensive than coarse wool and both are superior to synthetics made of nylon.
Soft words win hard hearts.
Soften your tone a little bit.
Soften your tone, please.
Software development can be expensive.
Software doesn't translate as well as I do.
Software for an on-line form should help a user by means of data labels and supply an example of correct input. If the user provides invalid input, the form should display a clear error message tailored to that entry field.
Software is considered "cracked" when its digital license files and access control features have been disabled or bypassed.
Software is constantly evolving.
Software is getting slower more rapidly than hardware becomes faster.
Software is like sex: it's better when it's free.
Software is like sex: it’s better when it’s free.
Software is written to help people be more productive.
Software programs do not translate as well as I do.
Software-defined radios like cognitive radio use artificial intelligence to employ underutilized portions of the electromagnetic spectrum without human intervention.
Soil in the Green Dam need to be healthy.
Soil in the Green Dam need to be kept healthy.
Sojourner, the size of a microwave oven, demonstrated in 1997 that a robot could rove on the Red Planet.
Solana is a Spanish girl's name that means "sunshine".
Solar and wind energy are getting cheaper all the time.
Solar energy does not threaten the environment.
Solar energy is a new source of energy.
Solar energy is abundant, clean, affordable and renewable.
Solar energy isn't self-sufficient.
Solar energy may be able to play a significant role in our daily life.
Solar energy poses no threat to the environment.
Solar energy seems to offer more hope than any other source of energy, particularly because those areas most in need of water lie rather close to the equator and have a relatively clear atmosphere.
Solar energy technology is cost effective today.
Solar flares are bursts of energy from the sun that can affect satellites and communication on Earth.
Solar material with the energy to make it across that boundary becomes the solar wind, which drags the magnetic field of the Sun with it as it races across the solar system, to Earth and beyond.
Solar panels are getting more efficient every year.
Solar panels convert sunlight into electricity.
Solar panels do not pollute the air.
Solar panels don't work at night.
Solar panels generate a continuous current.
Solar panels help us to absorb part of the increase in the price of electricity.
Solar panels need batteries.
Solar panels produce renewable energy.
Solar panels provide 40 percent of the site’s electricity. A backup generator is powered by biofuels. In the well-ventilated wheelchair-accessible work areas all lighting is natural. There is an on-site water purification plant. Rainwater is collected to flush the toilets.
Solar panels represent, in our view, a good investment.
Solar power has become much more affordable in recent years.
Solar power is a clean source of energy.
Solar power is becoming increasingly cheaper.
Solar power is becoming more viable every year.
Solar power is environmentally friendly.
Solar power is getting cheaper all the time.
Solar power is getting cheaper every year.
Solar power is making a strong showing in Vietnam after years of shuttling from one extreme to the other, with the nation looking sometimes like it would revert to coal, and other times like it would invest in renewable energy.
Solar power is the way of the future.
Solar radiation is what ionizes the ionosphere.
Solar storms next year could prove disastrous for the electrical grid.
Sold out.
Sold!
Soldering SMT components requires a bit more experience than soldering through-hole components.
Soldiers are human beings, too.
Soldiers are killer.
Soldiers are killers.
Soldiers are murderers.
Soldiers are still stationed there as part of military operations.
Soldiers are trained to use weapons.
Soldiers are used to danger.
Soldiers barged in and took Damiano into custody.
Soldiers barred the way to the city.
Soldiers bear arms.
Soldiers began to come home and find peacetime jobs.
Soldiers blocked off access to the city.
Soldiers came home and started families.
Soldiers currently in theatre will not be made redundant.
Soldiers go on patrol in a military vehicle.
Soldiers guard the place around the clock.
Soldiers guard the place day and night.
Soldiers guarded the demilitarized zone.
Soldiers must carry out their orders.
Soldiers must follow orders.
Soldiers must obey the orders of their superiors.
Soldiers must obey their commanders.
Soldiers on both sides were dying by the millions.
Soldiers shared their food with the Indians.
Soldiers were digging trenches.
Soldiers were regularly relieved and found relative safety in the dug-outs.
Soldiers were surrounding the bunker.
Soldiers, Sailors and Airmen of the Allied Expeditionary Force! You are about to embark upon the Great Crusade, toward which we have striven these many months. The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you.
Soldiers, from the top of the pyramids, forty centuries of history are watching you.
Soldiers, mountain rangers, and hundreds of volunteers have joined in, helping evacuate locals as well as more than 100 horses from equestrian clubs in the region.
Solely as a tool for communication, my English is good enough. Even if it doesn't look elegant, language is still language.
Soles of the feet are insensitive to heat and cold.
Solid water is called ice.
Solidarity is a weapon.
Solidarity is essential at this time.
Solidarity is not a one-way street.
Solidarity is the basis of humanity.
Solidarity is the driving motor of an intact and humane community.
Solipsism only exists if I believe it does.
Solitaire can be played by a single player.
Solitaire is a card game.
Solitude is a sickness which no longer makes me happy.
Solitude is fine, but you need someone to tell you that solitude is fine.
Solitude is independence.
Solitude is nice.
Solitude is pleasant.
Solitude is the school of wisdom.
Solitude means losing one's fellow human beings: at the moment when solitude is most beautiful, they are not there.
Solitude often leads to unnecessary overthinking.
Solitude vitalizes; isolation kills.
Solitude vivifies; isolation kills.
Solomia is a woman to rely on.
Solomon and his father David were prophets of God.
Solomon wants to be a writer.
Solresol is an artificial language that you can speak, sing, whistle or play on an instrument.
Solstices and equinoxes mark the beginnings of the seasons of the year.
Solutions for tackling the problem could include making sure young people are educated to acquire skills that will serve them well in the labor market.
Solve my riddle!
Solve the cubic equation x³ + 2x² − x − 2 = 0.
Solve the equation.
Solve the following six math problems.
Solve the mystery lurking behind the murder!
Solve the problem, not the question of who's to blame.
Solve the problem.
Solve this cubic equation: x³ + 2x² − x − 2 = 0.
Solve this problem on your own.
Solve your own problems.
Solve your personal problems yourself.
Solveig owns these threads.
Solvency is entirely a matter of temperament and not of income.
Solving a tactical exercise, understanding a difficult ending, following a live match and trying to "guess" the moves that will be played. All of this is fun.
Solving problems is my job.
Solving problems is one of my jobs.
Solving problems is something that I'm good at.
Solving problems is what I do.
Solving puzzles is fun.
Solving the problem of world hunger isn't my job.
Solving the problem took three years.
Solving this problem is simple.
Solving your problem should be first on the list.
Somali has over 18 million native speakers.
Somali is a Cushitic language.
Somalia has the longest coastline in mainland Africa.
Somalia is called "Soomaaliya" in Somali.
Somalia is called "as-Sumal" in Arabic.
Somalia's prime minister this month announced a 30 percent quota for female lawmakers chosen in upcoming elections.
Somalia’s South West state is one of the places the United Nations expects famine to arise as the prolonged and worst drought in 40 years continues to devastate the country.
Some "surprise fireworks" were launched into the autumn night sky.
Some 1,500 kilometers (930 miles) to the south, the same invasive crab — the European green crab — is helping New England marshes rebuild.
Some 1,500 representatives attending the 30th International Red Cross and Red Crescent Conference have unanimously adopted a resolution that reaffirms the Geneva Conventions guaranteeing certain basic rights and protections for people caught in armed conflict. Lisa Schlein reports for VOA the week-long conference also agreed to tackle the humanitarian consequences resulting from disasters such as climate change and emergent diseases.
Some 20 issues have been agreed on.
Some 30,000 Americans have been diagnosed with cystic fibrosis, which causes thick mucus buildup in the patient's organs, affecting respiration and digestion.
Some 400 years ago, English explorer Captain John Smith traveled around the Chesapeake Bay in the eastern United States, the country's largest estuary.
Some 70,000 people attended the match.
Some 800,000 people in the world speak Basque.
Some Africans wear ornamental scars to identify their tribes.
Some Algerian officials are on the run in Western Europe.
Some Algerian passengers are stranded in Italy.
Some Algerians are very religious.
Some Algerians are very superstitious.
Some Algerians do not like to identify with the Berbers.
Some Algerians earn money without lifting a finger.
Some Algerians eat couscous every day.
Some Algerians have some Turkish ancestry.
Some Algerians have started wearing face masks when they go out in public.
Some Algerians say that Algiers residents are arrogant.
Some Algerians still live in abject poverty.
Some Algerians use lots of spices in their food.
Some Algerians would conceal any Berber heritage they have.
Some American Christians think empathy is a sin.
Some American businesses have turned to robots or other machines to do manufacturing work once performed by humans. Trade agreements are believed to be another reason for the job loss. Most of these positions no longer exist. That leaves many Americans unemployed or in jobs with low pay and little chance for better wages. At the same time, some companies say they have good-paying jobs but cannot find workers with the skills needed to perform them.
Some Americans are being cheated.
Some Americans eat as if healthcare there was free.
Some Americans have grave debts.
Some Americans joined the Communist Party.
Some Arabs are Christians.
Some Asian films are very difficult to understand.
Some Asian men wear makeup.
Some Asian millennials also feel that working from home has liberated them from the constraints of a traditionally hierarchical, the-boss-always-knows-best type of work culture.
Some Asians and Europeans, especially older ones, think that becoming Americanized is not bad.
Some Asians eat dogs.
Some Asians seek more technological solutions.
Some Berber consonants are tricky to pronounce.
Some Berber dialects are critically endangered.
Some Berber speakers live in isolated communities.
Some Blacks seek more radical solutions.
Some Buddhists claim the origination of discontent from the desire of pleasure, the desire of transformation, and the desire of nihilation. Buddhists have credence in moderation.
Some Buddhists try to crack the logic of words or try not to use words at all.
Some Canadian territories have almost no people.
Some Central Asian residents remain skeptical of the project, while others anticipate it will be an economic boon for the region.
Some Chinese food has a lot of MSG in it.
Some Christians intrigue themselves with the notions of Judaism, as Eastern religions like Hinduism, Buddhism, Animism, and so forth seem so faraway for them.
Some Christians object to calling Christmas Xmas because Christ is left out.
Some English adverbs function as adjectives.
Some English learners have pronunciation problems.
Some English native speakers belittle non-native speakers' attempts to improve their language skills.
Some English native speakers use their language proficiency to assert power and control over non-native speakers.
Some English prince got married.
Some English speakers think that omission of the subject does not occur in their language, however, the subject of phrases like "thank you" or "bless you" is omitted.
Some English words derive from Japanese.
Some English words have two spellings - "gray" and "grey", for example.
Some Finns and Eastern Europeans have some Mongoloid blood.
Some French mayors have been trying to outlaw the so-called burkini, an extremely modest garment which some Muslim women wear on trips to the beach. Critics of such measures have pointed out the fact that the garment, which covers most of the body and even the arms and legs, strongly resembles the thermal wetsuits used by divers and surfers.
Some German tourists must have left bread from home in our community pantry; how nice!
Some German words are extremely difficult for an English speaker to pronounce, for example "Streichholzschächtelchen".
Some German words are extremely difficult to pronounce for an English speaker, for example: "Streichholzschächtelchen".
Some Germans work for only one euro an hour.
Some Ghanaians, though, who during the lockdown lamented the scruffy state of their hair in social media posts, and even tried to get home services despite the risks, are rushing to salons to regain their style.
Some Hawaiians are turning to traditional practices for insights on coping with climate change.
Some Hindu leaders are calling for violence against Muslims.
Some Hong Kong and international toy companies have pondered moving production to countries with lower costs, such as Vietnam or India. But most toy makers and buyers say that because of China's decades of expertise and developed infrastructure, it will remain the world's toy factory.
Some Islamic hardliners are against the celebration of Yennayer.
Some Islamists criticize democracy while others reject it.
Some Islamists reject democracy.
Some Israel supporters claim that the occupation of Palestine doesn't exist and everything that journalists and historians report is just fiction.
Some Israeli officials deny the existence of the Palestinians and the occupation of their lands.
Some Israeli officials say that Israel cannot exist without the West Bank.
Some Israeli officials say that the Palestinians don't exist and they are mere fiction.
Some Italian fashion designers are saying that white bathing suits will catch on this year.
Some Italians display a theatrical nonchalance, insisting on shaking hands while lamenting loudly how absurd it all is that championship soccer fixtures are being postponed.
Some Japanese are aware of Easter Eggs around Easter time.
Some Japanese are concerned about how their country looks in the eyes of foreigners.
Some Japanese are shy even to the point of appearing rude.
Some Japanese cities have suffered from overtourism.
Some Japanese college students, as is often the case with them, don't study very much.
Some Japanese college students, as is often the case with them, don’t study very much.
Some Japanese language terms are often used in the description of Go because this game, although it originated in China, was introduced to the West through Japan.
Some Japanese may continue to sleep with both parents even during elementary school days.
Some Japanese people have faced discrimination in China as a result of diplomatic problems between the two countries.
Some Japanese think that Esperanto has good feng shui.
Some Japanese wives are content to leave their husbands alone.
Some Jewish extremists want to destroy the al-Aqsa Mosque.
Some Jews are accustomed to reading the book of Esther on Purim.
Some Jews are against the existence of the state of Israel.
Some Jews are already talking about the total failure of the Zionist project in the Middle East.
Some Jews don't think Jews should return to the Land of Israel.
Some Jews don't think the state of Israel should continue to exist.
Some Jews live in Israel.
Some Jews spoke Yiddish, others spoke Ladino.
Some June beetles are emerald green.
Some Kabyle villages have two or three different mosques.
Some Kabyles really want to impose their language on other Algerian and Moroccan Bebers.
Some Latinos are not Roman Catholic, but Jewish or of some other Christian sect like Mormonism or Jehovah's Witnesses.
Some Latinos want to learn sinograms.
Some Liberian refugees spent more than two decades living in other West African countries.
Some Mexican-Americans choose to identify themselves as Chicanos. Tom is one of those.
Some Middle-Easterners seek more religious solutions.
Some Muslims are not tolerant.
Some Muslims believe that support for LGBT rights is antithetical to Islam.
Some Muslims consider support for LGBT rights antithetical to Islam.
Some Muslims drink alcohol and even eat pork. They're just non-observant Muslims.
Some Native Americans believe that spirits live inside of things, such as rocks, trees, the mountains, water or the wind.
Some OSTs go even further: they become as iconic as the film itself.
Some Polish people are working in Africa.
Some Polish people work in Africa.
Some Protestants do not allow "graven images" of heavenly persons, unlike Roman Catholics, who use them to concentrate their spiritual energy.
Some Romans have just revived rock 'n roll.
Some Rosaceae are trees, while others are bushes.
Some Russians and Eastern Europeans have Hun ancestry.
Some Shanghainese hold large banquets when they get married.
Some Sioux gave that old trapper a golden nugget.
Some Southwestern Native Americans lived in adobe houses called pueblos.
Some TV programs are interesting, and others are not.
Some TikTok-based memes go viral.
Some Tuareg traditions are dying out.
Some Tuaregs rely completely on their livestock for their survival.
Some U.S. cities have moved to ban plastic straws in restaurants after a heartbreaking video of a wildlife rescuer pulling a straw out of a turtle's bloody nose was posted on the internet earlier this year.
Some Western journalists may underestimate the knowledge of their non-Western guests.
Some Western journalists need to check their biases.
Some Western leaders are so arrogant.
Some Westerners exhibit a reluctance to engage with non-Western cultures on equal footing, assuming that Western cultural values should dominate any cross-cultural interactions.
Some Westerners harbor the notion that their cultural achievements, such as individualism, are inherently superior and should be adopted by all societies.
Some Westerners may think our houses are lacking in everything they consider essential.
Some Westerners may use economic and technological advancements as evidence of the West's "inherent" superiority, equating material progress with cultural superiority.
Some Westerners no longer believe that their soul exists and that they have eternal life.
Some Westerners perceive their cultural values, institutions, and systems as inherently superior and view them as a benchmark for progress and development.
Some Westerners really don't like their own religion.
Some Whites seek more imperial solutions.
Some aardvarks can live up to ten years.
Some abstract art is difficult to understand.
Some acids are used to cauterize warts and calluses.
Some actions have permanent consequences.
Some active Tatoeba users have been here since 2012.
Some addiction experts say signs of gaming addiction are similar to alcoholism and drug addiction.
Some airlines are offering flights that end up right where they began. While it may sound like a gimmick, customers are actually buying tickets.
Some airlines have been able to limit airfare increases because they bought jet fuel at cheaper prices, before the recent jump in oil prices that now have reached $115 a barrel for crude oil on the London market and more than $104 in New York.
Some aliens are quite human in appearance.
Some aliens defected and started helping humans.
Some aliens look just like humans.
Some allergies are life-threatening.
Some analysts consider Somalia as the failed state par excellence.
Some analysts predict the probe could be headed for an epic climax in 2019 that could have a huge impact on the next presidential race in 2020.
Some analysts say the impact on airlines may become as bad as it was after 9/11.
Some analysts say the opposition party's indecisiveness cost it in the March elections.
Some ancient people thought of the sun as their God.
Some animals are active at night.
Some animals are afraid of fire.
Some animals are amphibious and take two forms in life.
Some animals are bad.
Some animals are endowed with special gifts.
Some animals are herbivores, whereas other ones are carnivores or omnivores.
Some animals are nocturnal.
Some animals are producing offspring in zoos.
Some animals are very active at night.
Some animals are very good at climbing.
Some animals can be taught to use knives.
Some animals can be taught.
Some animals can run faster than humans.
Some animals can sense the coming of a storm.
Some animals change gender.
Some animals change sex.
Some animals don't have blood.
Some animals eat their young.
Some animals have advanced far ahead of others.
Some animals have special abilities.
Some animals sleep more than others.
Some animals sleep uninterrupted throughout winter.
Some animals will not breed when kept in cages.
Some animals, as tigers, eat meat.
Some animals, including sea turtles and birds, use beaches as nesting areas.
Some animals, such as lions, eat meat.
Some animals, such as tigers, eat meat.
Some animistic religions believe that there are multiple souls or spirits in the body.
Some animists think that a great fire should purify this world.
Some answers might lie in that town.
Some apples fell down from the tree.
Some apples fell off the tree.
Some apples rotted on the tree.
Some are against it.
Some are arrogant.
Some are beginning to think that wealth comes from knowing logograms.
Some are better than others.
Some are called good talkers, and others good listeners.
Some are darker.
Some are deceived by fair words.
Some are drawn to the sea, others to the mountains, while others in turn prefer to stay at home.
Some are expensive, and others are very cheap.
Some are for it, others against it, and still others have no opinion.
Some are getting family members to dance, too.
Some are good at English, and others are good at mathematics.
Some are good, others bad.
Some are good, some aren't.
Some are happy; others are unhappy.
Some are happy; others unhappy.
Some are just chubby, others have a bonus goiter.
Some are just obese, others have a bonus goiter.
Some are men of action.
Some are moderate; some are radical.
Some are rectangular.
Some are red and others are white.
Some are religious and some are atheists.
Some are saying reveal parties have gotten out of control, as couples vie for the most dramatic reveal and the accompanying social media attention.
Some are simply plump, others have a bonus goiter.
Some are wise and some are otherwise.
Some are wise, some are otherwise.
Some areas are already experiencing climate-related disruptions, particularly due to extreme weather events.
Some areas are still closed after the incident.
Some areas of Algeria are rich in biodiversity.
Some areas of Algeria are totally inaccessible.
Some areas of Algeria are vulnerable to weather conditions.
Some areas of Algeria lack infrastructure.
Some argued that only low-end labor-intensive jobs will be easily replaced by intelligent robots while others gloated about the possibility of employers utilizing an army of low-cost robots to make a fortune.
Some arrangements about his horse and baggage formed the pretext for his sudden retreat.
Some arrogant people are just insufferable.
Some artists are contemptuous of criticism.
Some artists claim to use lucid dreaming to compose their music.
Some aspects of their culture are superior to mine; some aspects of my culture are superior to theirs.
Some assembly required.
Some assets depreciate in value.
Some astrologers believe that we entered the Age of Aquarius in the 20th century, while others think that we will have to wait until the 24th century.
Some astronomers believe the whole solar system formed from a single flat cloud of gas, while others believe it formed when a huge object passed near the Sun, pulling a stream of gas off of the Sun. Astronomers theorize the planets then formed from this gas stream.
Some astronomers suspected that fuzzy patches of light known as nebulas were actually distant “islands of stars” far beyond our galaxy.
Some athletes believe that taking an ice bath after a workout or a race allows their body to recover more quickly.
Some athletes sweat more than others.
Some athletes tested positive for the coronavirus.
Some attacks are focused on phishing, looking to steal user IDs and passwords. Others involve installing malware (malicious coding) designed to steal data or to access financial accounts and steal money.
Some attention should be paid to word order, gender and declension.
Some authors distance themselves from their early work.
Some babies learn to swim even before they are one year old.
Some baby birds are ugly.
Some bad things are likely to happen if you do that.
Some basic foodstuffs must still be imported.
Some bat species are well-known reservoirs of the coronavirus family and leading candidates for SARS-CoV-2 fountainhead.
Some beaches had failed to comply with environmental regulations.
Some beautiful birds fly above the trees.
Some bees are solitary.
Some bees attacked us without mercy.
Some bees eat carrion.
Some beginners treat our language the way a boy treats a new toy; they press, stretch and twist it beyond recognition.
Some believe Aries was the one who guided Helle and Phrixus.
Some believe Nessie lives in this lake.
Some believe if you say Tom's true name at the thirteenth hour, he will be banished back to the evil realm from whence he came.
Some believe in God, but others do not.
Some believe in UFOs and others do not.
Some believe that Nessie lives in this lake.
Some believe that Spanish and Portuguese are the same language.
Some believe that a curse is cast upon any person who disturbs the tomb of a Pharaoh.
Some believe that school chaplains shouldn't receive public funding.
Some believe that seven is a lucky number.
Some believe that spirituality is utterly different from religiosity.
Some believe that spontaneous combustion of human beings occurs, but I am not really convinced.
Some believe that the British Royal Family is directly descended from the line of King David.
Some believe that the Earth is a kind of hell.
Some believe that the Egyptian pyramids were built by ancient aliens.
Some believe that the number seven is lucky.
Some believe that the pyramids were built by aliens.
Some believe that there is a brain part that is responsible for insults and it is more active in some people. It is a sickness, sometimes endemic in an entire race.
Some believe that there is much mental pollution in this world today.
Some believe the extreme social nature of the species will bring the entire pod of whales to the assistance of a single whale in trouble.
Some believe the novel was ghostwritten by Canadian author Tom Jackson.
Some believe they are balanced, but they are not.
Some believed Nixon should have been put on trial.
Some believed his story, and others did not.
Some bellow out insults so loudly that even radio and television audiences can hear every word.
Some bike.
Some bills can wait.
Some bird species will build elaborate nests during their breeding season to attract mates.
Some bird species will build their nests in specific breeding grounds, such as in the hollows of trees.
Some birds alighted on the window sill.
Some birds are flying high in the sky.
Some birds are singing outside the window.
Some birds are sitting on the branch of that tree.
Some birds can break the sound barrier.
Some birds can imitate the human voice.
Some birds can't fly.
Some birds eat seeds and fruits, others insects or worms.
Some birds indulge in aerobatics, seemingly for the sheer pleasure of doing so.
Some birds like to dust bathe.
Some birds migrate to roost during specific seasons.
Some birds migrate to warmer regions in the winter.
Some black cats have orange eyes.
Some blame politicians.
Some bletted medlars were still hanging around on the tree.
Some bloke was sick down his shirt.
Some blue chalk fell from the tip of the snooker cue on to the green baize.
Some board members questioned his ability to run the corporation.
Some boats are on the lake.
Some bolts are difficult to remove.
Some bolts are stubborn.
Some bolts need to be tightened up.
Some books are full of mistakes but are surprisingly useful, while others are flawless yet lack any real value beyond just being correct. There are also books where impressive amounts of high-quality material are compiled, yet they still end up incredibly dull and uninteresting.
Some books are on the shelf.
Some books are on the table.
Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be chewed and digested.
Some books are worth reading over and over again.
Some books were easy to understand, but others were not.
Some books were easy to understand, but others weren't.
Some books were easy to understand; others, however, were not.
Some books, if read carelessly, will do more harm than good.
Some bosses like to gaslight their employees.
Some boy is running away.
Some boys are diligent, others are idle.
Some boys are swimming in the pool.
Some boys are swimming in the river.
Some boys are swimming in the sea.
Some boys at school make fun of me.
Some boys came into the classroom.
Some boys don't like apples.
Some boys don't like to bathe regularly.
Some boys don’t like to bathe regularly.
Some boys made away with all the ripe fruits on my persimmon tree.
Some boys play tennis and others play football.
Some boys play tennis and others play soccer.
Some boys were playing near the pond.
Some boys were swimming in the pond.
Some branches of a tree were coming into my house, so I had to remove them.
Some brave passengers caught the pickpocket and turned him over to the police.
Some brave writers dared to criticize the regime in clandestine writings.
Some bread and butter.
Some bread was bought for me.
Some breads are sweet.
Some bright spark left the milk out of the fridge all night.
Some brought some kind of gift, while others made grand promises.
Some brown fish are calmly swimming in the creek.
Some bugs were fixed.
Some built houses partly underground.
Some burglars broke into my house last night.
Some bus stops have benches.
Some bus stops have places you can sit.
Some businesses complain of opaque regulations and unequal enforcement of the law.
Some businesses start out as hobbies.
Some buttered toast floated in the hot chicken soup.
Some call him a thief; others impute unto him a kind of sub-cannibalism, inasmuch as he bringeth unto his fleshpots that sagacious canine creature known for ages as the friend and companion of man.
Some call it a wrench, while others call it a spanner.
Some called him Magnus the tall.
Some callers are experiencing panic attacks when reaching us, and our volunteers help them work through the panic until they're able to talk about the issue.
Some came by bus, and the others - by train.
Some came to the theater to see, others to be seen.
Some can cope with the sun extremely well and other cannot at all.
Some can talk on and on, about nothing substantive, ad infinitum.
Some can't even finish primary school.
Some car.
Some careers don't require a college degree.
Some carriages have been derailed.
Some carriages were derailed.
Some cars have solar panels on the roof.
Some caterpillars have itchy hairs.
Some cathedrals were formerly mosques.
Some cats are allergic to dandruff.
Some cats are allergic to people.
Some cats are friendlier than others.
Some cats are weirder than others.
Some cats don't have tails.
Some cats kill because they love it.
Some cats only form a strong attachment to one human.
Some cats see a bird.
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go.
Some changes are needed.
Some changes were made to the rota because somebody was ill.
Some characters actually existed.
Some cheese caught my eye while I was out shopping, and I was torn on whether I should buy it, but then I saw "Made in Germany" written on it, and I bought it after all. So, how about some cheese fondue tonight?
Some chewing gum was stuck to the sole of Tom's shoe.
Some children about your age are over there playing.
Some children are as bad as they can be while their parents are gone.
Some children are bathing in the river.
Some children are born into this world to suffer and die.
Some children are born trans.
Some children are hungry.
Some children are playing on the grass.
Some children are swimming in the ocean.
Some children are swimming in the pond.
Some children are swimming in the river.
Some children are swimming in the sea.
Some children bathe in the river.
Some children broke the window, which made Mother very angry.
Some children brought peanut butter sandwiches, some ham, and others cheese.
Some children dislike school.
Some children do not like vegetables.
Some children don't go to school.
Some children don't go to school. They are homeschooled.
Some children don't like apples.
Some children don't like vegetables.
Some children feel proud of their parents, while others are ashamed of them.
Some children get a weekly allowance.
Some children have drowned because their parents were looking at their phones and not paying attention to their child.
Some children learn languages easily and others with difficulty.
Some children like apples, others do not.
Some children play video games all the time.
Some children resort to suicide in order to escape from unbearable pressure.
Some children swim in the ocean.
Some children swim in the river.
Some children swim in the sea.
Some children thought that they could compose a lullaby, paint a picture, or make a teddy bear.
Some children were playing frisbee near the pond.
Some children were swimming in the pool.
Some chips would be nice.
Some chips, please.
Some church towers have bells.
Some churches are promoting homosexuality.
Some cities are very cosmopolitan. Others, less so.
Some civilians were killed.
Some claim that full-body scanners violate the Fourth Amendment.
Some claim that taxing the rich inhibits job creation.
Some claim that the Berber Tifinagh alphabet was derived from the Phoenician alphabet.
Some claim the female Berber military leader, Dihya, was a Berber Jew.
Some claim to know everything.
Some clarinetists use clarinets tuned to A instead of B flat in passages which would otherwise be written in unusual keys.
Some classes are easier than others.
Some classmates saw me give him chocolate.
Some cliches are cliches for a good reason.
Some clouds had bubbled up towards evening.
Some clouds had formed towards evening.
Some college teachers come to class late and leave early.
Some combinations of words look difficult but are actually quite simple.
Some come to paint or sculpt; others want to examine the art of poetry and storytelling, while those with cinematic interests aspire to find a niche in New Mexico's thriving film business.
Some comets are visible from Earth only once in a lifetime.
Some commentators have observed that we are living in a post-truth age.
Some commentators regard Britain's departure from the European Union as a foregone conclusion.
Some comments are scary.
Some common houseplants are pretty easy to propagate from cuttings.
Some common threads run through all cultures.
Some communities kept their own languages and cultures.
Some community members feel isolated.
Some companies are adding workers.
Some companies are still debating whether to get Internet access.
Some companies discriminate against women who are pregnant or who say that they intend to have children.
Some companies guarantee their workers a job for life.
Some companies have guards at the front desk instead of receptionists.
Some company would be nice.
Some complications have arisen.
Some computer.
Some concerns can be perceived differently.
Some consider Bangalore, India to be the Silicon Valley of Asia.
Some consider language as a form of knowledge.
Some consider linguistic diversity a cancer to be excised; I consider it precious.
Some consider linguistic diversity a curse; I consider it precious.
Some consider linguistic diversity a hindrance; I consider it precious.
Some consider linguistic diversity an abomination; I consider it precious.
Some consider linguistic diversity an obstacle; I consider it a treasure.
Some consider music to be a language of its own.
Some consider this country to be the most dangerous territory in the world.
Some content creators on social media platforms like TikTok and YouTube report making millions of dollars for videos on subjects like eating the spiciest foods, dancing to popular music or doing something hilarious.
Some continue to work part time, while others do volunteer work.
Some contract changes are likely.
Some conversations clarify mistakes and misunderstandings.
Some cookies are stored indefinitely on users' hard drives.
Some corals can live for up to 5,000 years, making them the longest living animals on Earth.
Some corrupt Algerian officials are in hiding in Western Europe.
Some countries are located in Europe and Asia at the same time, for example Russia, Georgia, Kazakhstan, and Turkey.
Some countries consider their neighboring countries as threats.
Some countries don't have a minimum wage.
Some countries don't recognize same-sex marriages.
Some countries have stopped whaling in the face of international criticism.
Some countries in Europe are not part of the European Union.
Some countries legally require tithes, taxing church members on behalf of the church.
Some countries make voting compulsory.
Some countries refuse to take refugees.
Some countries suffer from “the curse of natural resources.”
Some countries use ordinal numbers to count millennia, whereas others count them using cardinal numbers.
Some couples argue over minor issues.
Some couples take a long time to get to know each other.
Some coworkers at my software workplace on top of Burnaby Mountain liked to play soccer in the university field of SFU.
Some cows stood in the shade.
Some crazy things occured on my couch.
Some creationists believe that Adam and Eve had no navels, and that the trees in the Garden of Eden had no growth rings.
Some crematoriums may have concerns about cremating bodies containing implanted electronic medical devices.
Some crimes have no statute of limitations.
Some criminals go unpunished.
Some critics have called the restoration of the Chartres cathedral a "scandalous desecration of a cultural holy place."
Some critics loved the film, while others did not, one calling it sanctimonious drivel.
Some cruise ships emit as much particulate matter as 1m cars.
Some cruise ships have too many passengers.
Some cruise ships throw their trash directly into the sea.
Some cryptocurrencies are shitcoins.
Some cults practice ritual sex.
Some cultures are better than others.
Some cultures are objectively better than others.
Some cultures assume everybody is a slave.
Some customers leave without waiting for their receipt.
Some customs will never change.
Some cutting-edge doctors have used so-called fecal transplants to treat severe bacterial infections, including Clostridium difficile or C. diff, which releases toxins as it grows, attacking the lining of the intestines.
Some cuttlefish have shells.
Some dairy farmers play soothing music to their cows while they are being milked, because relaxed, contented cows give more milk.
Some date palm trees survived.
Some day I want to go to New York.
Some day I will return to my country.
Some day I'll get at the real reason.
Some day I'll paint a great picture.
Some day I’ll paint a great picture.
Some day man will reclaim the desert for agriculture.
Some day my dream will come true.
Some day next month I plan to go to Kyoto.
Some day or other you will find a husband who has been made expressly for you, and will live happily with him till death separates you.
Some day our ocean, will find its shore.
Some day they will find me lying in neglect and decay.
Some day we'll take a trip to Australia.
Some day we'll take a trip to India.
Some day we’ll take a trip to India.
Some day when it's convenient for you, let's do that.
Some day you will come to realize the importance of saving.
Some day you will have to reap the harvest of your own sowing.
Some day you will regret this.
Some day you'll regret this.
Some day your dream will come true, too.
Some day, Algeria could be crowned the title of the richest country in Africa.
Some day, Algeria could become an economic power.
Some day, David will become just like Amanda.
Some day, I'll find the one who started it all.
Some day, Ziri is going to find out.
Some day, nature will also recover from the impact of humanity.
Some day, perhaps, when you have won your place in the world, we shall talk it over again.
Some day, the boy disappeared without a trace.
Some day, the word "Palestine" itself will be banned on Google.
Some day, the word "man" itself will be considered homophobic.
Some day, they'll catch you in a lie.
Some day, you will see me.
Some day, your looks will be gone.
Some day, your wishes will come true.
Some days I feel good.
Some days I feel like a crouton, and some days I feel like leftover bread.
Some days I have to go to work.
Some days I have too many conversations with too many people. I can't remember who said what.
Some days I just really want to run away.
Some days ago I was in another place.
Some days before the test, he put the wind up him properly.
Some days later, they discovered that it had transformed into a drinkable light ale.
Some days require more coffee than others.
Some days seem to drag on for ever.
Some days seem to just drag on and last forever.
Some days, I get into a flow and I get a ton of stuff done. Other days, I can't do anything right.
Some days, I would just sit in silence, waiting.
Some deaf people choose not to use sign language.
Some deaf people decide not to use sign language.
Some defend us, and others criticise us.
Some demonstrators ignored the exclusion zone and were arrested.
Some deny that there is a link between concussions received playing football and brain damage, so maybe if you decide to play football you're already brain damaged.
Some desert areas in Algeria are completely unfit for human habitation.
Some desire homogeneity; I desire diversity.
Some details aren't known yet.
Some details aren't yet known.
Some details were missing.
Some developing countries are faced with financial crises.
Some dialogues are completely one-sided.
Some did not know how to fight.
Some did nothing other than vomit.
Some didn't want to discuss.
Some died, others were wounded.
Some diets can make you ill.
Some differences can be noticed depending on geographical location.
Some difficulties hindered him from doing it.
Some diplomats criticized the debate, saying it was intended to disparage the Hague-based International Criminal Tribunal on the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) and, by association, all other international tribunals.
Some diseases are caused by a defective gene.
Some diseases are incurable.
Some diseases result from bad food.
Some disorders can be corrected perfectly.
Some do it, Apple does it right, and the industry follows.
Some do think so.
Some doctor is vilifying tomatoes. Sounds like a scam.
Some doctors are in favor of euthanasia while others believe it goes against the Hippocratic oath.
Some doctors recommend taking probiotics in order to restore the gut microbiome.
Some doctors recommend that their patients take an aspirin a day.
Some doctors say something to please their patients.
Some doctors will say anything to satisfy their patients.
Some dog owners wonder if it's OK to feed their dogs fish.
Some dog owners wonder if it’s OK to feed their dogs fish.
Some dog owners wonder if they are feeding their dogs enough.
Some dogs are very smart.
Some dogs love being outdoor.
Some dogs love being outdoors.
Some dogs were even feeding on bodies.
Some dolphins live in rivers.
Some don't believe in any religion.
Some don't want to get up so early.
Some doors and windows were left open.
Some dorms have gender-neutral bathrooms, an outcome of student activism and work with Residential Life.
Some drag is burlesque; some isn't.
Some drawing-rooms are all new and garish, and look as if they were never used except for an hour or two in the evening, and some are grand and stiff like a hotel, and others are all sweet and chintzy and home-like, with lots of plants and a scent of pot-pourri in china vases.
Some dreams are a glimpse of the future.
Some dreams do come true.
Some dreams remain dreams forever.
Some dried figs were taken to the field by a shepherd.
Some drug companies say they do meet ethical standards. For instance, the U.S.-based Pfizer company has its own guidelines. They include allowing independent ethics institutions to validate the process before the trials begin and obtaining informed consent from trial subjects. They also call for limiting risks as much as possible and guaranteeing healthcare for participants who emerge with complications.
Some drugs are bad, others good, others simply underwhelming.
Some drugs cause liver damage.
Some drugs kill.
Some dung beetles have horns to fight over food and mates.
Some dung beetles live in piles of dung.
Some early religion's leaders were persecuted by their enemies.
Some early religion’s leaders were persecuted by their enemies.
Some economists estimate that housewives' services, valued in money, would amount to about 25% of GNP.
Some economists estimate that housewives’ services, valued in money, would amount to about 25% of GNP.
Some economists think so.
Some economists wouldn't agree with that statement.
Some economists, however, are warning that in the pledge-making rush, political leaders are making promises they’re unlikely to be able to keep without major economic damage and are not being honest with voters about the huge transformation that’s going to be needed, and the large costs involved, most of which are likely to be shouldered by taxpayers and households.
Some economists, however, paint a gloomier picture—warning that the disruption to regional markets and trading is considerable.
Some eels and fish have two sets of jaws like the monster in the movie Alien.
Some effervescent thoughts come to mind: The Buddhist concept of Māyā, Illusion, may stretch the whole of the multiverse, the collection of universes. Gnostics believe that this world is intrinsically malevolent, and salvation is by esoteric knowledge. I can't really worry about astronomy right now, because I can't perceive celestial bodies firsthand, with the exception of distant sight. At least, I am space-savvy, unlike the majority.
Some eggs were good, but the others were bad.
Some eggs weren't rotten, but the rest of them were.
Some eggshells are so sharp that they can cut you.
Some eighty percent of the telephone numbers in the base were drawn randomly from public access telephone directory lists.
Some electricians learn their trade within an apprenticeship system instead of going to college.
Some elements are not translatable.
Some employees like change.
Some employees like the change.
Some employers are reluctant to take on people who have recently been released from jail.
Some employers are starting to require their workers to get vaccinated.
Some enjoy particular challenges.
Some enterprises have more than a thousand employees.
Some envision a future time when artificial intelligence will surpass human intelligence. Hopefully, AI will help humanity solve some problems, like housing and food production.
Some even accused him of treason.
Some even converted to Islam.
Some evenings I'm so mentally exhausted after work that I just crash in front of the TV.
Some ex-Algerian officials are banned from traveling.
Some experiences are worth having at least once in your life.
Some expert you are. You know even less than me.
Some experts believe Fiona is the smallest hippo ever to survive. She weighed only 13 kilograms at birth. That is one-third the size of a normal, fully developed baby Nile hippopotamus.
Some experts believe that the United States can remain competitive by encouraging more girls and under-represented minorities to study science and engineering.
Some experts provided a bleak assessment of Algeria's current situation.
Some experts say more fish farming could help wild populations recover from over-fishing. But critics say strong rules are needed so fish farms do not threaten the environment or wild fish populations. Fishermen's groups worry about possible effects on traditional fisheries.
Some experts say this is still not enough.
Some extremely rich people died doing something only extremely rich people can do.
Some extremists want to use violence to reestablish Islam in Christian areas that were previously Muslim.
Some extremists want to use violence to reestablish Muslim rule in Christian areas that were previously Muslim.
Some eyewitnesses may not be around anymore.
Some factories only look for cheap labor.
Some factories pollute the environment.
Some fallen trees were blocking the road.
Some false friends are important to know because you can accidentally say strange things if you use the words the wrong way.
Some families believed they had a more rightful claim to the throne than Justinian.
Some families have maids.
Some families only get together when someone dies.
Some families spend their vacation near the beach.
Some famous foreign runners entered that race.
Some famous theories are wrong.
Some fans of music will praise all indie songs just for the genre and not the actual quality.
Some far-right politicians openly attack Islam.
Some farmers are using donkeys to protect their sheep from wild dogs.
Some farmers are working on the farm.
Some farmers say unskilled labor will undoubtedly help, but they caution that untried farmhands take much longer to do the work and can often damage crops and produce.
Some fascists are unfairly scapegoating Kabyles for any problem Algeria has.
Some fascists want to ban the Quran in the West.
Some fat people are hot.
Some fate is always involved as to how your life turns out.
Some fears aren't justified. They're irrational.
Some fears sometimes help.
Some features from regional languages often show up in the media and have entered common knowledge.
Some feelings are difficult to describe.
Some few days afterward she went thither herself, and said to her head cook:— "I intend to eat little Dawn for my dinner to-morrow." 
"O! madam!" cried the head cook. "I will have it so," replied the Queen (and this she spoke in the tone of an Ogress who had a strong desire to eat fresh meat), "and will eat her with a sharp sauce."
Some find fireworks beautiful.
Some fine phrases occurred to the poet.
Some fires are thought to be started because of personal disputes and grudges.
Some firms are struggling to survive.
Some fish are able to change their gender.
Some fish are able to change their sex.
Some fish fly.
Some fish live in rivers, others in the sea.
Some fish species will migrate to specific breeding grounds during the breeding season.
Some flame retardants can cause cancer and hormonal disruptions.
Some flee in one direction, others in another.
Some flowers are actually shaped in a way that makes their nectar and pollen accessible only to hummingbirds and to only one species of the bird.
Some flowers are magenta.
Some flowers bloom in spring and others in autumn.
Some flowers bloom in spring, while others bloom in autumn.
Some flowers bloom in the spring and other flowers bloom in the fall.
Some fluid is leaking into our office.
Some folks came to our house.
Some folks think a leader can only be born, not made, so they believe leadership development is a waste of time.
Some food Igor brought was spoilt.
Some food banks provide special Thanksgiving meals to low-income families.
Some food is pretty bland without salt.
Some food was brought to them.
Some foods (especially those with high sugar content such a honey or some candies) which are difficult to homogenize at room temperature become more workable when heated.
Some foods cause me an allergic reaction.
Some foods make you thirsty.
Some foreign words and names are not declined in Russian, usually depending on the ending and gender.
Some forensics researchers study the rate of insect colonization of carcasses.
Some fortune cookies contain no fortune.
Some fragile goods have been delivered for Sami.
Some french fries, please.
Some friend you are!
Some friend you are.
Some friends and I went out to eat dinner today.
Some friends are coming over later.
Some friends can't be replaced.
Some friends invited me to breakfast.
Some friends invited me to dinner.
Some friends like to cock-block each other.
Some friends of mine are building their own house. They hope to finish it next summer.
Some friends of mine lent me money and I built myself a house.
Some fruitarians eat only fruit that fall naturally from plants.
Some functions aren't working.
Some furniture is put together with glue.
Some futurists envision terraforming Mars and Venus, Earth's neighbouring planets. The process would include means that would be mechanical, biological, biochemical, thermonuclear, etc.
Some games use a die numbered up to 100.
Some garden furniture is foldable.
Some garden furniture is foldaway.
Some gardeners prepare an area by removing the existing top soil and grass. This can be done with a shovel, hoe or sod-cutter machine. But live roots or weeds might remain below the surface.
Some gay people are totally fine being called fags and dykes by other gay people and self identify with the terms.
Some gazelles live in the mountains.
Some generous souls made exorbitant donations that helped save the orphanage.
Some germs are good for you.
Some get married by the church, others get married by the court, and lots to idiots.
Some giraffes reach a height of more than seventeen feet.
Some girl named Mary said she was looking for you.
Some girl named Mary said that she was looking for you.
Some girls are naturally pretty.
Some girls even boldly stepped forward and asked Elias for his phone number.
Some girls just never learn.
Some girls were chased like cattle.
Some girls were playing tennis.
Some go in groups organized by their schools, but most go in twos and threes.
Some go to a bar to have a good time and others to drown their sorrows.
Some go to school by bicycle, others go by bus.
Some good bacteria are destroyed when using antibiotics to treat infections, resulting in infections.
Some good cows have bad calves.
Some good inexpensive escapes would be to read speculative fiction or learn an extraordinary language to describe one's reality.
Some good news: it was the knight with his squire.
Some good-for-nothing at this gutter paper here spread this mare's nest.
Some good-for-nothing at this gutter paper here, spread this mare’s nest.
Some got pretty scratched up, but nobody was severely injured.
Some great chess players, like Paul Morphy, Bobby Fischer, and Mikhail Tal, left us examples of wonderful combinations they created in immortal matches.
Some grownups act like children.
Some grownups are pretty cool.
Some guests arrived by car, others on foot.
Some guests came by car, others on foot.
Some gum stuck to his shoes.
Some gut feeling made Yanni look over and he saw a dark figure standing in the hallway.
Some guy came to visit you last night.
Some guy named Tom left you a message.
Some guy named Tom said he was looking for you.
Some guy named Tom was here earlier looking for you.
Some guy named Tom was here earlier.
Some guy was trying to intimidate me.
Some guy's walking around outside taking pictures of license plates.
Some guys beat me up.
Some habits are difficult to break.
Some habits are hard to kill.
Some hacker has Claudio's pictures and is threatening to publish them on social media.
Some have a certain je ne sais quois that draws others to them like a magnet.
Some have accused the government of engineering a biological weapon in secret.
Some have characterized altruism as selfishness on behalf of others.
Some have come to meet their friends and others to see theirs off.
Some have even proposed making Mumbai a state independent of Maharashtra.
Some have everything, others have plenty of time and some still see it all.
Some have found it. Some yawn. Others have nothing to do with it. And others have had it!
Some have lost faith in democracy.
Some have tried to combat the friction and instability, not just with the marigold campaign, but by sharing ice cream with migrant workers and signing placards pushing solidarity.
Some healing temples also used sacred dogs to lick the wounds of sick petitioners.
Some healthcare workers spend more time doing paperwork than taking care of patients.
Some high school students take advantage of dual enrollment programs to take college courses at a community college to finish their degree faster.
Some high-end stores employ personal shoppers.
Some high-pitched sounds are inaudible to adults, but can be heard by children and teenagers.
Some hill walkers may be tempted to leave the hard footpath and walk on the soft grass.
Some hippie writers invented the idea of a drug called "adrenochrome" which does not actually exist, but is homonymous with a non-psychoactive pigment.
Some historical buildings in Algiers still need some intensive care.
Some holy men affected sackcloth and ashes.
Some homeless people defecate in public.
Some homeless people defecate on the street.
Some homeless people were sleeping in those cars.
Some hornbill are huge.
Some hornbills are believed to live up to forty years.
Some hornbills are very rare.
Some hornbills have horns on their heads.
Some horses were grazing in a fenced area.
Some hospitals are exploring the idea of virtual visits via Skype or by phone.
Some hospitals hand out free samples of baby milk.
Some hospitals have special rooms to treat patients with highly infective diseases.
Some hot water was poured on my hand.
Some house.
Some humans also do this.
Some humans believe that there exists a god who is omniscient, omnipotent and omnipresent.
Some humans consider their penises as a third leg and biology needs to acknowledge that.
Some humorists do randomness right, and some are breaded and lightly fried with herbs.
Some ideals are worth dying for, aren't they, Tom?
Some ideas are beyond your current understanding.
Some ideas are so stupid that only intellectuals believe them.
Some idiots in Norway are burning copies of the Quran.
Some imams are amazing.
Some imams are mean, but many are amazing.
Some immigrants choose to only associate with other immigrants from their country.
Some immigrants here don't enjoy speaking English. They don't bother to speak in it, if they can avoid it.
Some implicit elements can be made explicit.
Some important geometric shapes are the triangle, the square, the rectangle, the circle, the parallelogram and the trapezium.
Some important papers are missing from the files.
Some improvements have been effected, and others are in progress, but nothing has been done commensurate to the requirements of the case.
Some in flight / rush diverse to the ships and trusty tide; / some, craven-hearted, in ignoble fright, / make for the horse and, clambering up the side, / deep in the treacherous womb, their well-known refuge, hide.
Some incidents from my childhood are crystal clear, others are just a dim memory.
Some indigenous tribes in Brazil are threatened by loggers.
Some individuals can show great cruelty.
Some individuals from Western societies often exhibit an ethnocentric viewpoint, presuming their values, norms, and ideologies to be universally superior and influential worldwide.
Some individuals get offended at the suggestion that their native language might have foreign influences.
Some individuals, due to technical limitations, write with hyphens or double hyphens instead of dashes.
Some industrial cities stink.
Some infected people never even get sick.
Some infinities are bigger than other infinities.
Some influencers become millionaires promoting fashion and beauty products.
Some influencers become millionaires.
Some innovative religious people think that Christianity could benefit from incorporating some ideas from Buddhism.
Some insects can take on the color of their surroundings.
Some insects have no wings, while others have one or two pairs.
Some insist that the Spanish hostel is a pornographic film.
Some insurance companies require that you select a primary care physician before you try to visit the doctor.
Some intellectuals venture to say that sci-fi films and literature are fuzzily impacts of Orientalism. For some Westerners, looking at a sci-fi film or reading a sci-fi book resembles an adventure into the Orient. For the Westerner, it is the Self versus the Other. James Alexander Brown wrote his dissertation "American Science Fiction Cinema, Orientalism, Self & Other" to expound on just that sentimentality in the West.
Some interesting questions came up in class today.
Some interesting questions came up in today's class.
Some interior decorators are veritable illusionists.
Some investigators deal with protocol violations by excluding the participants from the analysis.
Some issues may be perceived differently by us.
Some issues need more life experience to grasp.
Some it could not get inside.
Some ivy is growing on the trellis.
Some jellyfish can be very dangerous.
Some jewelry has been stolen.
Some jinns are evil.
Some jobs are face-to-face.
Some journalists are still in jail; victims of a politicized justice at the behest of the government.
Some journalists claim that Russia and the U.S. are in confrontation as competitors in the battle for influence on the development of Ukraine.
Some journeys are unforgettable.
Some juice, please.
Some kids are identifying as animals.
Some kids are playing in the park.
Some kids are playing in the street.
Some kids broke into Tom's house and ransacked it.
Some kids cut through my yard on their way to school.
Some kids had balloons.
Some kids have two dads or two moms.
Some kids rode their bikes to school.
Some kids start to carry on at a supermarket when they are not allowed to buy some candy or other treat.
Some kids walked by.
Some kids were throwing eggs at Tom's house.
Some kind of cannonball.
Some kind of deaths are more brutal than others, and some deaths are more painful than others.
Some kind of mysterious force is at work in this world.
Some kind of party upstairs kept me up till one last night.
Some kind of party upstairs kept me up until one last night.
Some kind of physical education is important for children in this day and age.
Some kinds of birds can't fly.
Some kinds of birds can't steal.
Some kinds of birds can’t fly.
Some kinds of food make one thirsty.
Some kinds of food make us thirsty.
Some knights were cowardly.
Some know about the old times from their parents only.
Some know that I would prefer a Lojbanic child.
Some know that science fantasy is different from science fiction.
Some knowledge of foreign languages, of Spanish in particular, is essential.
Some lady is talking about lung cancer while vaping.
Some language learners tend to essentialize transient attitudes of the dominant groups within the cultures whose languages they learn.
Some language purists see emojis as a crutch.
Some languages add a semivowel at a hiatus.
Some languages are harder than others.
Some languages are inherently superior to others.
Some languages are on the verge of extinction.
Some languages can express some concepts better than others. It depends on the concept and the language.
Some languages use syllabaries.
Some languages, such as Hungarian or Finnish, do not distinguish the grammatical gender.
Some large birds prey upon small birds and animals.
Some lawn equipment is loaded into the jerry-built cart.
Some learned to play musical instruments.
Some learned writers have compared a Scorpion to an Epigram, because as the sting of the Scorpion lies in the tail, so the force and virtue of an epigram is in the conclusion.
Some learned writers have compared a Scorpion to an Epigram, because as the sting of the Scorpion lyeth in the tayl, so the force and virtue of an epigram is in the conclusion.
Some leaves are coming off easily.
Some leaves are yellowing.
Some lectures are not wholesome for children.
Some left the country to avoid conscription.
Some legal experts say these frivolous cases — which appear to be motivated by greed rather than just cause — are clogging U.S. courts and undermining confidence in the U.S. justice system.
Some legislators believe that important details of the contract, like collateral for the loans, are still missing.
Some legumes, like chickpeas and green beans, cause flatulence but are excellent foods.
Some lessons can be learnt from this.
Some library books are treasures.
Some library books can't be found in any bookstore.
Some lies are too good to be true.
Some light bulbs contain mercury.
Some like drinking coffee, others like drinking tea.
Some like feeling superior to other people. I, on the other hand, am above such base attitudes.
Some like it hot, they say.  Maybe they're talking about milk, or hedgehog. What do you think it is?
Some like red wine, others like white wine.
Some like red wine, others like white.
Some like red wine, others white wine.
Some like tea, others prefer coffee.
Some like to fabricate distinctions between a lady and a woman.
Some linguists have remarked that in international communication English works best when there are no native speakers present.
Some lion Bruce Willis is chasing is a formidable animal, but is not ferocious.
Some lobbies are trying to criminalize the BDS movement.
Some local authorities worry that further evacuations could deepen divisions and reinforce calls for a partition of the country.
Some long lives serve to deviate from the plans of youth.
Some loved him, others hated him; no one, however, was indifferent to Tom.
Some loved him; others hated him. No one, however, was indifferent to Tom.
Some lovely half-timbered houses dotted the landscape.
Some lunatics are openly talking about the destruction of the al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem.
Some machine translations are downright hilarious.
Some major challenges remain.
Some major changes still need to be made.
Some mammals, such as mice and human babies, are born in a helpless state.
Some man.
Some managers murmured at his appointment as president.
Some marriages don't last very long.
Some marriages don't last.
Some marry only to prevent their wife from marrying someone else.
Some mass of children are eating tortillas.
Some mass of children will be eating the set of tortillas.
Some mass of children will eat some mass of tortillas.
Some mass of children will eat the mass of tortillas.
Some mass of children will eat the set of tortillas.
Some mathematical problems are very difficult.
Some may misunderstand our intentions.
Some mean man is trying to buy Charlie.
Some meat remained.
Some medicine does us harm.
Some medicines can be harmful to the body.
Some medicines treat illness, others treat injuries.
Some medicines will do you more harm than good.
Some member countries have been lax in abiding by G-7 agreements.
Some members agree with us, some don't, and others haven't expressed their opinions.
Some members agree with us, some don’t, and others haven’t expressed their opinions.
Some members of Tatoeba undoubtedly smoke too much weed.
Some members of Tom's society think that he is actually a stoat posing as a human. They are wrong, since this is scientifically impossible.
Some members of parliament are threatening to censure her if she does not resign from both the parliament and the Cabinet.
Some members of the giraffe herd died during the dry season.
Some members were not present.
Some memories can never be forgotten.
Some memories never fade.
Some men always wash and shave before going to work.
Some men are as naïve as infants.
Some men are born to good luck.
Some men are born to good luck: all they do or try to do comes right—all that falls to them is so much gain—all their geese are swans—all their cards are trumps—toss them which way you will, they will always, like poor puss, alight upon their legs, and only move on so much the faster.
Some men are slained, others wounded, others reported missing in action.
Some men are slow at figures.
Some men are very bad. They beat their girlfriends and wives, which is unacceptable.
Some men are very talented.
Some men became soldiers for the North, and some became soldiers for the South.
Some men believe they are superior to women.
Some men believe they're superior to women.
Some men came and cut down the tree.
Some men came and cut the tree down.
Some men can't handle women in positions of power.
Some men can't stand their wives earning more than them.
Some men choose to identify as women. You will be vilified if you deny that they literally are what they identify as.
Some men don't know that.
Some men feel happier when they see the suffering of their close ones.
Some men get the world. Others get ex-hookers and a trip to Arizona.
Some men just want to watch the world burn.
Some men make the mistake of naming their boats after their girlfriends.
Some men only completely emotionally melt away when their second baby arrives.
Some men shave their legs.
Some men think that men should not listen to women. Is it wise?
Some men treat women like property.
Some men wear jewelry.
Some men were lynched.
Some mental illnesses already have a cure.
Some mess you've gotten us into!
Some meteotsunamis have been observed to reach heights of 6 feet or more.
Some might call that convenient.
Some migrants endure slavelike conditions.
Some minerals are important for human health.
Some mistakes can be ignored.
Some mobile games open a new server every day.
Some molds are so big that it takes six truckloads of concrete to fill them.
Some monastic orders engage in repetitive labor as a form of meditation.
Some money has disappeared from the safe. Did you take it?
Some money was given to him.
Some monks like Munich.
Some months have thirty days, others thirty one.
Some months have thirty-one days, others have thirty and one month has less than thirty.
Some months have thirty-one days, others have thirty days, and one month has less than thirty days.
Some months have thirty-one days, others have thirty days, and one month has less than thirty.
Some more brief questions, please.
Some more tea, please.
Some more time went by.
Some mothers still use talcum powder when they change their baby's diaper.
Some motorists were ticketed for speeding.
Some motorways in Germany have a minimum speed instead of a maximum.
Some movies make such an impact that one never forgets them. Such is the case with "Life is Beautiful," the emotional Benigni film that mixes drama and comedy in an exceptional manner.
Some multilingual people think that English is somewhat inaudible.
Some multinational corporations pay almost no taxes.
Some mumbled to themselves, while others stood silent and stared at the flying saucer.
Some murders are carefully planned.
Some mushrooms are poisonous.
Some mushrooms are safe to eat, others are not.
Some musicians and actors hire security guards to help fend off their over-eager fans.
Some musicians drink on stage.
Some mutant spiders are on the loose.
Some national parks offer showers and even baby-sitting services.
Some native speakers dismiss the efforts of foreign learners and ridicule their progress.
Some native speakers use their language skills as a tool to ridicule and demean non-native speakers.
Some neighbors are very noisy.
Some new bars around the world seem to be missing something once central to their existence: alcohol.
Some new books were added to the library at his expense.
Some new kinds of rice can be harvested two or three times a year.
Some new railroad trains go very fast.
Some newer cars can be a pain to work on.
Some news.
Some newspaper employees came to discuss with us.
Some newspapers distorted the news.
Some non-English speaking cultures associate English illiteracy with a lack of education.
Some non-native speakers have better comprehension skills than even native speakers.
Some non-native speakers think they speak the language better than native speakers.
Some non-native species are harmless, but others wreak havoc on other species, human health and the economy.
Some numbers are very large.
Some object to Tom's opinion.
Some object to Tom’s opinion.
Some object to his opinion.
Some observers also believe women are judged more harshly on their physical appearance, the sound of their voice, or other factors that are out of their control.
Some observers say COVID-19 could trigger an uptick in multilateralism and greater cross-border solidarity, much as the Spanish flu prompted the ushering in of public health care systems and the first international agencies to combat disease.
Some observers say the government’s “heteronormative” notion of family makes LGBTQ partners invisible in the legal domain.
Some observers think the debate is fundamentally illogical.
Some of Africa's oldest baobab trees have died suddenly.
Some of Algeria's beaches are extremely crowded.
Some of Algeria's most beautiful forests are to be found in eastern Kabylie.
Some of Algiers neighborhoods are ugly to look at.
Some of Algiers's neighborhoods used to be awfully dirty places. Now Algiers is much cleaner than before.
Some of America's and Britain's best doctors are Muslim.
Some of America's best doctors are Muslim.
Some of Bouteflika's economic policies were disastrous.
Some of Britain's Anglican churches have always resembled Catholic ones, with high masses full of pomp and ceremony.
Some of Greene's views are influenced by high-minded modern philosophies including existentialism. But she is also grounded in the down-to-earth realities of New York City's schools, where she inspired the creation of the High School for Arts, Imagination and Inquiry in 2005.
Some of Juba II's writings survived after his death.
Some of Maria's sculptures are really pretty.
Some of Martin Luther King's supporters began to question his belief in peaceful protests.
Some of Martin Luther King’s supporters began to question his belief in peaceful protests.
Some of Mr. Jackson's students didn't study hard enough for the test.
Some of Rima's hair was ripped out.
Some of Sandra's dresses were even ripped.
Some of Taiwan's mountains are snowcapped in the winter.
Some of Tom's chooks got through a hole in the fence and dug up his neighbour's lettuce plants.
Some of Tom's classmates can speak French fairly well.
Some of Tom's discoveries have a big value.
Some of Tom's ideas were good, but a lot of them weren't.
Some of Tom's ideas were pretty good.
Some of Tom's ideas weren't very good.
Some of Tom's sheep wandered off.
Some of Tom's students speak French very well.
Some of her children are good, some are bad.
Some of her music was inspired by the sound of the air-raid sirens she heard as a child during the war.
Some of her videos were featured on the widely watched "Good Morning America" television show.
Some of heroes doesnt wear cape
Some of his books are difficult to read.
Some of his chickens have drowned.
Some of his officers protested.
Some of his students admired him, and others despised him.
Some of humanity's greatest discoveries were made by accident.
Some of my Canadian friends will be coming here tomorrow.
Some of my best friends are British.
Some of my best friends are cops.
Some of my best friends are policemen.
Some of my classmate always make a fool of me.
Some of my classmates are overweight.
Some of my classmates are pure noobs; they know nothing about computing sciences.
Some of my classmates from primary school are already grandmothers and grandfathers.
Some of my classmates from primary school are already grandparents.
Some of my classmates like volleyball and others enjoy tennis.
Some of my classmates like volleyball and the others enjoy tennis.
Some of my classmates passed the examination, but the others didn't.
Some of my experiences with Tom, which I depict here, are based on real events.
Some of my favorite memories of my time at Princeton are memories of spending time with friends and classmates engaging in stimulating discussions.
Some of my favorite things to do are cook, clean and read books.
Some of my former schoolmates already have grandchildren.
Some of my friends are abroad.
Some of my friends are going to Copenhagen next summer.
Some of my friends are going to the movies tomorrow.
Some of my friends are traveling to Copenhagen next summer.
Some of my friends aren't married.
Some of my friends can speak English well.
Some of my friends can speak French fairly well.
Some of my friends can speak French really well.
Some of my friends can speak French well.
Some of my friends don't like swimming.
Some of my friends don't like to swim.
Some of my friends live abroad.
Some of my friends smoke.
Some of my friends speak English well.
Some of my friends speak French well.
Some of my friends tell me that they do not want the Government in business. With this I agree; but I wonder whether they realize the implications of the past. For while it has been American doctrine that the government must not go into business in competition with private enterprises, still it has been traditional particularly in Republican administrations for business urgently to ask the government to put at private disposal all kinds of government assistance.
Some of my friends think Boston isn't a safe place to live.
Some of my friends will travel to Copenhague next summer.
Some of my less intelligent friends smoke.
Some of my money has been stolen.
Some of my neighbours are illiterate in their native Sinitic topolect, as the writing is not alphabetic. It is Cantonese.
Some of my sentences are about a real Tom.
Some of my students turn in their homework early.
Some of my tasks are assigned by Tom.
Some of our classmates went to Spain last winter.
Some of our contributors feel a certain attachment to the names "Tom" and "Mary".
Some of our dogs are not fans of kiddos at all.
Some of our employees work from home.
Some of our knives are missing.
Some of our meetings are open to the public.
Some of our members weren't able to attend the meeting.
Some of our members weren't at the meeting.
Some of our solar-system neighbors have rain, too, but it is not made up of water, as it is on Earth.
Some of our solar-system neighbors may have oceans, too, but they are hidden from view under layers of ice.
Some of that creature looked human.
Some of that space debris, especially those that are in low-Earth orbit, fall back to the planet, and much of it burns up during re-entry.
Some of that stuff might be mine.
Some of the 2016 Olympic events will be held in a neighborhood called Deodoro.
Some of the Case machinery Dwyer’s family purchased in the 1970s is older than she is and still in use today.
Some of the Indian leaders refused to negotiate.
Some of the adverse effects of testosterone treatment may be popping up now.
Some of the aliens chased Bruno.
Some of the animals aren't too fond of the idea, and let him know with bellowed complaints.
Some of the apples in the box were rotten.
Some of the apples turned rotten on the tree.
Some of the audience were Canadians.
Some of the babies in the metal cribs here are emaciated, their wrinkly skin hanging off their tiny bones.
Some of the balls are yellow.
Some of the best gifts come in small packages.
Some of the best in the world.
Some of the best marathoners in the world either live or train in the Kenyan towns of Eldoret and Iten, locations that are known for their high elevations. Some cyclists think Machakos could eventually have that same reputation.
Some of the best scrolls contain unicorns and space.
Some of the birders have told me it's kind of a tenacious little bird, with a blue jay attitude.
Some of the birds didn't fly.
Some of the birds didn’t fly.
Some of the bluest water in the world is found in Crater Lake.
Some of the bodies had started to decay.
Some of the book's pages have misprints.
Some of the book's pages have printing errors.
Some of the books that he has are English novels.
Some of the boys are fishing and the others are swimming.
Some of the boys went in groups of three, others in groups of four.
Some of the boys were wearing short pants.
Some of the branches are bare.
Some of the branches don't have leaves on them.
Some of the brightest high school students in the United States showcased their ground-breaking math and science research at the annual Intel Science Talent Search.
Some of the cake is left in the kitchen.
Some of the castles are in ruins and are almost hidden by the overgrowing ivy.
Some of the changes that Tom made shouldn't have been made.
Some of the chariots had two horses, while others had four.
Some of the children are crying.
Some of the children are dancing.
Some of the children are hungry.
Some of the children didn't know what to do.
Some of the children have already left.
Some of the children needed a little help.
Some of the children seem to have fallen asleep.
Some of the children were dancing.
Some of the children were too weak to stay on their feet.
Some of the chips in Yanni's windshield are larger than a quarter.
Some of the classmates passed the examination, but the others didn’t.
Some of the clothes I like best are hand-me-downs.
Some of the cobalt used in phone and laptop batteries is dug out by hand in Congo.
Some of the college students who are caught cheating on the exams do not even blush.
Some of the company's executives are out of town for a conference.
Some of the company’s executives are out of town for a conference.
Some of the cows might never make it back to the village.
Some of the crew drowned.
Some of the crew were drowned.
Some of the decisions I made that brought me the most success and made my reputation are tinged with regret.
Some of the dogs are alive.
Some of the dolls are too expensive to buy.
Some of the dolls had very elaborate clothes.
Some of the drivers were laughing and yelling.
Some of the eggs have already hatched.
Some of the emails are designed to look like they are coming from legitimate agencies such as the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) or the World Health Organization (WHO), using fear of the coronavirus to get a recipient to click on a malicious attachment or link.
Some of the essays are very interesting.
Some of the events have produced painful viral video, including a recent video of a Massachusetts man accidentally firing an explosive canister of blue smoke directly into his crotch.
Some of the exchanges I've found myself in have been bad for my mental health.
Some of the farmers were unwilling to fight.
Some of the girls gasped.
Some of the girls in our class don't have boyfriends.
Some of the girls laughed.
Some of the girls like that sort of music, and some don't.
Some of the girls like that sort of music, and some don’t.
Some of the increase in the number of children being home-schooled has been a result of curriculum cutbacks at tax-payer funded public schools.
Some of the information is very important.
Some of the ingredients are harmful, especially if you are pregnant.
Some of the ingredients in this beverage are harmful, especially if you are pregnant.
Some of the islets are inhabited.
Some of the jackals started baring their teeth.
Some of the jokes that Tom told us weren't very funny.
Some of the keys on the piano are broken.
Some of the kids are crying.
Some of the leaves have already fallen off.
Some of the leaves of this ivy are heart-shaped.
Some of the links on your webpage don't work.
Some of the luggage hasn't arrived yet.
Some of the luggage hasn’t arrived yet.
Some of the managers complained about him becoming the president of the company.
Some of the members of the middle class have fallen into poverty.
Some of the members were too noisy.
Some of the men didn't know how to fight.
Some of the men laughed.
Some of the men looked pretty mad.
Some of the men started crying.
Some of the men wanted to kill the wolves.
Some of the men were sitting on the floor.
Some of the men were unwilling to fight.
Some of the metal resources that exist on the moon could become materials for future human space bases.
Some of the meteorites found on Earth are actually pieces of the planet Mars. As of June 2006, thirty-four "Martian meteorites" have been found.
Some of the microphotographs have an exotic beauty, and in fact Molecular Expressions' other role is as an online store to sell images both for scientific and artistic purposes, and sometimes it's hard to say which is which.
Some of the mistakes Tom makes in French are because the textbooks he studied from had mistakes.
Some of the mistakes that Tom makes in French are because the textbooks he studied from had mistakes.
Some of the money was stolen.
Some of the moons in the outer solar system are completely covered in ice. They don't have just polar caps. They have ice shells.
Some of the most exciting things that we’ve seen from looking at gene expression in space is that we really see an explosion, like fireworks taking off, as soon as the human body gets into space.
Some of the most overlooked diseases around the world are parasitic infections, especially those caused by a kind of parasite called helminths. The group includes hookworms and schistosomes, among others. These worms, which live inside their host, are especially common in developing countries. As we hear from health reporter Rose Hoban, a new study found that if you're infected with one, you're probably infected with others, too.
Some of the most popular Pre-Health paths that undergraduate students are choosing are actually not to be doctors, but instead, PAs (physician's assistants), PTs (physical therapists), and OTs (occupational therapists).
Some of the most sociable people I know have friends both online and off-.
Some of the most successful people are introverts.
Some of the mountainous areas of northern Algeria are very rich in vegetation.
Some of the movies are exciting.
Some of the natural resources found in this territory include coconuts, fish, and sugarcane.
Some of the neighbours are very noisy.
Some of the nicest people I know are Canadians.
Some of the nicest people I know speak Esperanto.
Some of the occupants aren't paying.
Some of the oil in the pot boiled over and got the stove dirty.
Some of the older people only speak the local dialect.
Some of the oldest Chinese chopsticks date from 1200 B.C.
Some of the oldest synagogues in the world are still standing in Muslim countries.
Some of the onomatopoeia in Japanese make no sense to me.
Some of the original shops and restaurants still occupy the square.
Some of the others cried, but I didn't.
Some of the others cried.
Some of the parrots escaped or were released and have since multiplied and thrived in an urban environment.
Some of the parrots escaped.
Some of the passengers didn't put on their seatbelts.
Some of the passengers were pretty badly burned.
Some of the passengers weren't wearing seat belts.
Some of the patients are suffering.
Some of the people are singing; some of the people are crying.
Some of the people at the party were drinking, but many weren't.
Some of the people in my lab used to like cilantro. Now they hate cilantro.
Some of the people in the crowd were throwing beer bottles.
Some of the people in the waiting room were watching TV.
Some of the people who volunteered to help didn't show up.
Some of the people who work with Tom and Mary are Canadians.
Some of the people who work with Tom are Canadians.
Some of the photographs lack definition.
Some of the photos have been taken at the risk of life and limb.
Some of the photos have been taken at the risk of life.
Some of the phrases we can use often in English.
Some of the piano's keys are broken.
Some of the players say that they're going to quit the team.
Some of the players say they're going to quit the team.
Some of the presented conclusions are not supported by the reported results.
Some of the problems have been taken care of.
Some of the protesters got shot.
Some of the pupils were absent because of flu.
Some of the pupils were absent with colds.
Some of the pupils were late for school.
Some of the questions he asked were difficult to answer.
Some of the residents aren't paying.
Some of the rivers that feed the bay have American Indian names like Potomac, Susquehanna and Rappahannock. The bay supported native societies for thousands of years. The name Chesapeake comes from an Algonquin Indian word often defined as "great shellfish bay."
Some of the roof tiles have fallen off.
Some of the roses in my garden are white, and others are red.
Some of the roses in my garden are white, and the others are red.
Some of the seams of the dress were held together only loosely by basting stitches, pending the final fitting.
Some of the security guards were very nasty.
Some of the seeds we're spreading will sprout later.
Some of the shopping is still in the car.
Some of the soldiers had rifles with bayonets.
Some of the students are in the library, but the others are in the classroom.
Some of the students come to school by car.
Some of the students decorated the classroom with Christmas ornaments.
Some of the students have a hard time following the regulations.
Some of the students like to draw pictures.
Some of the students like to play the guitar.
Some of the students played tennis, and the others played volleyball.
Some of the students went by bus, and others on foot.
Some of the students were absent with colds.
Some of the students were absent.
Some of the students were from Asia and the others were from Europe.
Some of the students were late for school.
Some of the students were studying. Other students seemed to be napping.
Some of the students weren't present.
Some of the stuff that Tom says doesn't make any sense.
Some of the tariffs were as high as sixty percent.
Some of the technology created in the construction of the Hubble Space Telescope has been applied to create advances in medicine, computer chips, and the prevention of electrical power outages.
Some of the things Tom said didn't make sense.
Some of the things he said got under my skin.
Some of the things on this list may not be interesting to you.
Some of the things that Tom said didn't make sense.
Some of the time, drinkers know their limit.
Some of the toy dolls are too expensive to buy.
Some of the trees in our neighborhood were knocked down by the storm.
Some of the villagers were unwilling to fight.
Some of the volunteers laughed.
Some of the windows are still open.
Some of the windows haven't been closed yet.
Some of the women giggled.
Some of the work in the workbook doesn't correlate with the readings in the textbook.
Some of the workers have no experience.
Some of the zoo animals were very fierce and needed to be restrained.
Some of them also won't dispense other contraceptives if there is even a remote chance that the medications could act to kill a fertilized egg.
Some of them are clever.
Some of them are happy; others are unhappy.
Some of them are healthy, but others are not healthy.
Some of them are healthy, but others are not.
Some of them are healthy, but some of them aren't.
Some of them are mine.
Some of them are my friends.
Some of them are really fine.
Some of them are red; others are brown.
Some of them are round.
Some of them are stuck in traffic.
Some of them are teachers, and some are engineers.
Some of them are teachers.
Some of them are too much to bear.
Some of them couldn't handle the pressure.
Some of them danced.
Some of them did not come to work.
Some of them did very little work.
Some of them died.
Some of them even converted to Islam.
Some of them go without shoes in this country.
Some of them had a gift for making weapons.
Some of them had flashlights.
Some of them had rifles in hand.
Some of them have already been forcibly evicted from the forests where they and their ancestors have lived for over 1,000 years.
Some of them have committed suicide.
Some of them have problems with their hearing.
Some of them have trouble hearing.
Some of them look older than me.
Some of them might be slower than you'd think.
Some of them need help.
Some of them required intubation and admission to the intensive care unit.
Some of them said yes, and the others said no.
Some of them seem to be too difficult.
Some of them went into a skid.
Some of them were and are in constant danger due to political repression and persecution.
Some of them were dancing.
Some of them were murdered by soldiers, while others died of hunger, cold or diseases.
Some of them were not friendly.
Some of them were wounded.
Some of them work, some don't.
Some of these animals live in Europe.
Some of these apples are bad.
Some of these apples are rotten.
Some of these are Tom's.
Some of these are mine.
Some of these asteroids could hit Earth.
Some of these books are in French.
Some of these books are interesting, others aren't.
Some of these books are mine.
Some of these books are quite old.
Some of these books aren't mine.
Some of these boxes aren't empty.
Some of these cellular modifications also include changes to the membranes that envelop the microbe and protect it from its hostile environment.
Some of these classes include business, fine arts, music, and practical arts.
Some of these documents are in French.
Some of these drugs—including the antibiotics ciprofloxacin and ceftriaxone—have been deemed essential by the World Health Organization for the treatment of infections.
Some of these eggs are rotten.
Some of these eggs aren't fresh.
Some of these houses are still standing today.
Some of these medlars are hard.
Some of these rules should be abolished.
Some of these sentences are kinda funny.
Some of these sentences are really bland.
Some of these sounds are specific to Berber.
Some of these texts come from direct experiences.
Some of these were letters expressing the name of the owner of all this extravagance; or the initials of various fair Roman dames, a very gallant pleasantry of young Pliny.
Some of these young people have legs twice as long as mine.
Some of this money came from Tom.
Some of this stuff belongs to Tom.
Some of this work has subsequently been shared on various social media channels.
Some of those are unrelated.
Some of those books used to be his.
Some of those rescued were pretty badly burned.
Some of those things could be mine.
Some of those who were rescued were pretty badly burned.
Some of us actually do that.
Some of us are a little too much inclined to be cocksure.
Some of us are being cheated.
Some of us are injured.
Some of us are out of work.
Some of us didn't agree with Tom.
Some of us disagreed with Tom.
Some of us don't know what to do.
Some of us don't work on Mondays.
Some of us find it difficult to acknowledge our limits.
Some of us find such views to be sheer madness.
Some of us had things to do.
Some of us hate him.
Some of us hate it.
Some of us have gone two days without a sleep.
Some of us have lost a lot of money.
Some of us have other things we need to be doing now.
Some of us have things to do.
Some of us have to leave early today.
Some of us have to leave early.
Some of us have to work this weekend.
Some of us have to work.
Some of us have work to do.
Some of us might be willing to go.
Some of us plan to visit you in the near future.
Some of us slept in tents.
Some of us think so.
Some of us vomited.
Some of us want to sleep.
Some of us went by bus, and the others by bicycle.
Some of us were dissatisfied with the system.
Some of us weren't satisfied with the system.
Some of us will be at your party.
Some of us will be here tomorrow, too.
Some of us won't be here tomorrow.
Some of us yawned.
Some of what Tom said was true.
Some of what Tom said wasn't true.
Some of what you said didn't sound truthful.
Some of what you said sounded stupid.
Some of you already know me.
Some of you are addicted to melancholy.
Some of you are lesbians too.
Some of you are rolling your eyes.
Some of you are still dealing with perceived virginity.
Some of you did not grow up with sci-fi. I think that you missed a lot.
Some of you have been here before.
Some of you like the primitiveness of writing on paper. Maybe, you're over 60.
Some of you may be tempted to join a gang.
Some of you may die, but it's a sacrifice I am willing to make.
Some of you may die.
Some of you may disagree with me.
Some of you may lose your jobs.
Some of you may not have heard of him before, but Georg Cantor was undoubtedly one of the greatest mathematicians of the twentieth century.
Some of you might not want to do this.
Some of you need help.
Some of you really need to grow up.
Some of you will attend the party.
Some of you will fail the exam.
Some of you will have problems doing this.
Some of you won't make it.
Some of your answers are wrong.
Some of your classmates are here.
Some of your co-workers are very active at night.
Some of your ideas are quite bizarre.
Some of your sentences don't make sense.
Some officials may have been corrupted.
Some officials say that they love Algeria but they don't really mean it.
Some old folks said this cottage had been the church-house where in ancient days the people who came to divine service stayed between morning prayer and evensong, ate their mid-day meal and gave out and received their hebdomadal quotient of gossip.
Some old lady told Tom that he looked like Charles Darwin.
Some old men say that, every country, every opportunity...
Some old men, by continually praising the time of their youth, would almost persuade us that there were no fools in those days; but unluckily they are left themselves for examples.
Some old people live more in the past than in the present.
Some older children were taking care of the younger children.
Some older kids beat me up on my way home from school.
Some olive oil has been given to us.
Some olive oil was given to me today.
Some opine that French as written is much like English in character. There are silent letters and contorted letter sequences. However, closer study would show that French orthography is much more consistent than English is in the way that specific letter sequences match phonemes. In any case, French does sound more fluid than does choppy English.
Some opine that human expansion into outer space is like Manifest Destiny.
Some organisations have responded to the negative information about their future.
Some ornamentals and other plants are sold with their roots in a ball of dirt held together with burlap.
Some orphans will be adopted, but not all.
Some other boys came along.
Some other time perhaps.
Some owlets are on the endangered species list.
Some pages of the book are missing.
Some parents complained about the nude pictures in their children's textbooks.
Some parents complained about the nude pictures in their children’s textbooks.
Some parents don't punish their children when they lie.
Some parents don't want Tom to teach their children.
Some parents have a different idea than you of what's acceptable for their children.
Some parents opt for umbilical nonseverance, where the intact umbilical cord is left to dry and separate of its own accord.
Some parents refuse to have their children vaccinated.
Some parents usually go for the silent treatment when their kids won't stop asking questions.
Some parents worry about too much screen time.
Some parents worry unnecessarily about their children.
Some part of me knew that Tom was right.
Some parts of South America get snow, but not to the extent that North America does.
Some parts of the British proposal seem unacceptable.
Some parts of the world, such as the Sahara Desert in Africa, receive very little rain. Others, such as India during the late summer monsoon season, can be subject to widespread flooding.
Some parts of this city are very ugly.
Some parts were missing.
Some passages of the Quran are absolutely beautiful.
Some passengers complained about the service.
Some passengers from a cruise ship came into our shop.
Some passengers got badly injured.
Some passengers were injured, but the others were safe.
Some pawn shops are open all night.
Some people HATE the fact that I got along well with President Putin of Russia. They would rather go to war than see this. It's called Trump Derangement Syndrome!
Some people actively seek out loneliness, while others don't desire to experience it.
Some people actually collect rocks.
Some people actually enjoy doing that.
Some people adjust easily.
Some people agree to do something and then they don't respond.
Some people always expect reward from others. Something like a hobby may be self-rewarding.
Some people are afraid of Europe.
Some people are afraid of Tom.
Some people are afraid of bats.
Some people are afraid of dogs.
Some people are afraid of ghosts.
Some people are afraid of heights.
Some people are afraid of mice.
Some people are afraid of snakes.
Some people are afraid of spiders.
Some people are afraid to need something like that.
Some people are allergic to latex.
Some people are allergic to nuts.
Some people are allergic to tomatoes.
Some people are allergic to wheat.
Some people are anxious to invent convenient things.
Some people are apt to think of their own way of life as the normal one and to look down on life-styles that differ from it.
Some people are bad.
Some people are beautiful.
Some people are better at it than others.
Some people are better at orienting themselves than others.
Some people are born on third base and go through life thinking they hit a triple.
Some people are color blind; they cannot tell one color from another.
Some people are colour-blind: they are unable to distinguish between certain colours.
Some people are coming to see you.
Some people are coming.
Some people are completely unscrupulous.
Some people are completely without scruple.
Some people are convinced that they are protected by a guardian angel.
Some people are criticizing Tom for that.
Some people are demonstrating against nuclear arms.
Some people are difficult to please.
Some people are disappointed.
Some people are doing disrespectful things.
Some people are easily influenced.
Some people are eating garbage to survive.
Some people are evil.
Some people are fascinated by shiny new things.
Some people are fascinated with evil.
Some people are fools, and I am one of them.
Some people are for the plan and others are against it.
Some people are gifted with the ability to iron out difficulties while others are born trouble makers.
Some people are good at doing things they'll regret.
Some people are good at remembering their dreams, others forget theirs.
Some people are good at talking, and other are good at listening.
Some people are good talkers and others good listeners.
Some people are good, some people are bad.
Some people are happier than others.
Some people are hard to communicate with.
Some people are hard to understand.
Some people are in favor of open immigration.
Some people are incapable of differentiating between government and citizen.
Some people are into that.
Some people are just born ugly.
Some people are just dumb.
Some people are just weird.
Some people are killing time relaxing on park benches.
Some people are looking at Algeria with envy.
Some people are malicious.
Some people are masters of the art of speaking convincingly without saying anything.
Some people are meant to stick around longer in our lives than others.
Some people are more intelligent than others.
Some people are nervous about flying.
Some people are never content with what they have.
Some people are never satisfied with the life that they're living and will never be happy whatever their life circumstances are.
Some people are never satisfied with what they have.
Some people are nice, and some are mean.
Some people are nicer than others.
Some people are not willing to change their eating habits.
Some people are pretty scared.
Some people are put on this earth to serve as a warning to others.
Some people are rather proud of being ignorant of such an important matter.
Some people are reading magazines on the train.
Some people are reading some magazines on the train.
Some people are really careful about what they wear because they want to be seen as stylish.
Some people are really good at spotting when others are lying.
Some people are really intelligent.
Some people are rich and others are poor.
Some people are scared of ghosts.
Some people are skeptical about the future of the Berber language.
Some people are so anal about everything that they'll one day completely disappear up their own asshole.
Some people are so open-minded that their brains are falling out.
Some people are so uptight.
Some people are still afraid.
Some people are still worried.
Some people are sure to ask, why don't we just pack up and leave Afghanistan?
Some people are sure to ask, why don’t we just pack up and leave Afghanistan?
Some people are talking about the end of history.
Some people are too ready to believe anything.
Some people are trying to kill me.
Some people are uncomfortable with a seat belt on. I feel naked without it.
Some people are unhappy in marriage.
Some people are unwilling to go into particular issues.
Some people are up to their necks in debt.
Some people are very finicky.
Some people are very fussy.
Some people are very pernickety.
Some people are very picky.
Some people are very rude.
Some people are very selfish.
Some people are well off and others are badly off.
Some people are working hard to deny the existence of the Berber language.
Some people are working in the fields.
Some people aren't practical at all.
Some people aren't so lucky.
Some people aren't truly good at heart.
Some people argue just for the sake of arguing.
Some people argue that listening to audiobooks have less intellectual value than printed books or ebooks, but that take doesn't acknowledge that some individuals absorb information better by listening than by reading.
Some people argue that technology has negative effects.
Some people asked me for my autograph.
Some people associate sci-fi with the Japanese.
Some people at the meeting didn't like my proposal.
Some people base reality in their local sphere. Maybe, most people do not travel enough, I mention to Bratislav. A bit aghast becomes Bratislav, of Croatian ancestry. I tell him about the Daoist notion that one's own garden or local neighbourhood may be a microcosm that reflects macrocosmic reality. All the learning from all the travelling one can do may lie right here locally. A snail on the sidewalk may have a "doppelganger" (Bratislav's conceptual word) in the macrocosm.
Some people become vegetarians for ethical reasons.
Some people began to dance.
Some people behave as if the sentences they create are the most precious things they have.
Some people believe black cats bring bad luck.
Some people believe in God and other people don't.
Some people believe in God and others don't.
Some people believe in God and others don’t.
Some people believe in eternal life after death.
Some people believe in ghosts.
Some people believe in the trio of science, religion, and magic.
Some people believe it's not piracy if you download something that you already paid for in a different format.
Some people believe that Galileo was the first person who built a telescope. While this is not true, he was the first person who published his observations of astronomical objects through a telescope.
Some people believe that Japan is No.1 in everything.
Some people believe that Paganini had Marfan syndrome.
Some people believe that Spanish and Portuguese are the same language.
Some people believe that all Muslims are Arabs.
Some people believe that black cats bring bad luck.
Some people believe that castor oil is good for hair.
Some people believe that only those who learn to speak a language from birth are able to properly express themselves in that language.
Some people believe that polar bears walk around freely in the streets of Norway. Luckily, it's just nonsense.
Some people believe that seven is a lucky number.
Some people believe that technology interferes with teaching while others believe that it enhances the learning experience.
Some people believe that the Berber language doesn't exist.
Some people believe that the Western domination of the world is eternal.
Some people believe that the moon landings never happened.
Some people believe that the number 13 brings bad luck.
Some people believe that the stars control our futures.
Some people believe that the tongue is the strongest muscle in the human body, but it isn't.
Some people believe that the world is flat.
Some people believe that thirteen is an unlucky number.
Some people believe that wearing a face covering is not a good idea, but it does help prevent disease transmission.
Some people believe that.
Some people believe the earth is 6,000 years old, while others believe it is 4.5 billion years old. As a centrist, I reject both extremes and find the answer in the middle: the earth is 2,250,003,000 years old.
Some people believe they can become rich without having to work.
Some people believe they can rewrite history.
Some people believe you can become addicted to anything.
Some people believe your right not to get punched in the face ends where their religion begins.
Some people blame poverty for crime.
Some people blame the increase in violent crime on TV.
Some people break the quarantine.
Some people bring joy and benefit to other beings, whereas others cause them suffering and death.
Some people bring joy wherever they go, and some people bring joy whenever they go.
Some people bring sadness... Have you ever hated yourself for loving someone? Don't hate yourself, because the fault is not love's but of the people who didn't care for you.
Some people bully others for being different.
Some people buy eclipse glasses that filter out all harmful ultraviolet and infrared light, as well as the majority of intense visible light. The safest way to view an eclipse, however, is to project its image through a pinhole made in a card onto another piece of white card.
Some people buy guns for self-protection.
Some people call Israel an apartheid state.
Some people call Venus Earth's sister.
Some people call me Tom.
Some people call the Grand Mosque of Algiers "Bouteflika's mosque."
Some people came by car. Others came by bus.
Some people can afford anything while others lack basic necessities.
Some people can anticipate death way before it strikes them.
Some people can be motivated by love.
Some people can be so mean.
Some people can do that.
Some people can eventually feel it in their body and mind when death is about to take them away from the face of the Earth.
Some people can obtain relaxation from reading.
Some people can see their own death coming and can feel it coming, while some others are taken aback by its abruptness.
Some people can speak several languages. I think that almost everyone can learn a foreign language. You can start learning languages at any age. You can either take a course at a language school, or you can learn them by yourself. We cannot know all the languages in the world, but as adults we can choose what languages to study. Children cannot do it, they must learn English at school.
Some people can succeed without a degree.
Some people can suck the life from you.
Some people can swim better than others.
Some people can understand me.
Some people can't admit they're wrong.
Some people can't bear seeing your happiness and will stop at nothing to put a damper on it, but you just have to rise above it all.
Some people can't do that.
Some people can't do this.
Some people can't handle daylight savings time well.
Some people can't seem to understand that I don't need alcohol to have a good time.
Some people can't sing at all.
Some people cannot bear traveling by sea.
Some people cannot cope with the world.
Some people cannot forgive the soldiers for the painful things they did to people.
Some people cannot tolerate to be rejected, and when this happens, they want revenge.
Some people caricature gay men as limp-wristed and speaking with a lisp.
Some people caught rats and ate them.
Some people choose to look the other way when they see injustice.
Some people claim that a pizza is a kind of open-face sandwich, but I'm not sure I agree.
Some people claim that algorithms are amoral, but they reflect the biases of their creators and the data that was fed into them.
Some people claim that the Berber language doesn't exist.
Some people claim that there are no more heroes in the Western world.
Some people claim to be advanced in a foreign language, but in fact they make basic mistakes.
Some people claim to know everything.
Some people clung to tree branches for several hours to avoid being washed away by the floodwaters.
Some people come into the world at their death.
Some people come into your life as blessings, others, as lessons.
Some people compare life to a stage.
Some people compare life to a story.
Some people conjecture whether there will be madmen who would instigate a "push button" war that would kill millions of people quickly. Will there be madmen who would kill millions because of politics? It happened before.
Some people consider Belgium as an artificial construct.
Some people consider Led Zeppelin the greatest band ever.
Some people consider Led Zeppelin to be the greatest band there has ever been.
Some people consider it a waste of time to study languages such as Klingon, Interlingua and Esperanto.
Some people consider sex before marriage improper behavior.
Some people consider sleeping a waste of time.
Some people consider the number thirteen a sign of bad luck.
Some people consider themselves deaf just because nobody talks about them anymore.
Some people cope with stress by age regressing.
Some people cough, wheeze or feel out of breath during or after exercise.
Some people could not buy food or other necessities.
Some people criticized our decision.
Some people dance with a mop or a broom for some reason.
Some people danced.
Some people dare to tell us not to talk about it because it would be "mean".
Some people dare to tell us that we shouldn't talk about it because it would be "unkind" to.
Some people derive pleasure from watching horror movies.
Some people describe Tom as a cross between Robin Hood and Zorro.
Some people did not understand what I was saying.
Some people did nothing.
Some people didn't like it.
Some people didn't like what they saw.
Some people disagree with me and some people agree with me.
Some people disapprove of the education system in the Netherlands.
Some people dislike eels because they look like snakes.
Some people dislike the traditional New Year's ritual.
Some people do not grow up learning about hypothetical scenarios, so they start to think that everything that they read is somewhat factual. Sci-fi readers are adept at hypothetical scenarios. They practice thinking about hypothetical events and things to a greater degree than common people.
Some people do not have a consistent set of principles; they just adopt whatever principles benefit them at the moment.
Some people do not like to deposit their money in banks.
Some people do not like to wake up early in the morning.
Some people do not want just to ferry to the Moon, but to hop like a grasshopper to more distant Mars. I envision that the increasing power of AI engines would help problem-solving in these fields of space exploration and colonization. What cannot be solved by the human mind now, maybe will be solvable by machine intelligence in the future. Maybe, machine intelligence will help humanity transform itself from a turtle to a grasshopper. Only time will tell. Maybe then, Mars, the Red Planet, will no longer be just a "romantic fantasy" for human colonization. For generations, Mars has been such, as the influence of the four-armed Green Martians of "Barsoom" in the vintage tales of Edgar Rice Burroughs, which I, in childhood, read in the form of comics.
Some people do not want to be helped.
Some people do not want to learn to write in Kabyle.
Some people do say that.
Some people don't act their age.
Some people don't approve of professional baseball.
Some people don't believe in God because they can't touch Him.
Some people don't believe in any religion.
Some people don't believe in love. They just believe in biology.
Some people don't cause damage.
Some people don't do that.
Some people don't eat eggs.
Some people don't eat meat.
Some people don't enjoy doing that.
Some people don't feel the need to use hair conditioner.
Some people don't follow rules.
Some people don't get along.
Some people don't get it.
Some people don't go to a doctor because they can't afford to.
Some people don't have a human soul.
Some people don't have money.
Some people don't know about that.
Some people don't know how to respect others.
Some people don't know that learning a language is like a vacation in a faraway place.
Some people don't know that.
Some people don't like being asked questions.
Some people don't like big dogs at all.
Some people don't like chicken.
Some people don't like chickens.
Some people don't like dogs.
Some people don't like doing that.
Some people don't like loquats.
Some people don't like overcast weather, but I find it comforting.
Some people don't like swimming at all.
Some people don't like that.
Some people don't like the sound of English.
Some people don't like to follow even some basic safety rules.
Some people don't like winter.
Some people don't need a lot to be happy.
Some people don't need a reason to hate.
Some people don't own computers.
Some people don't realize how fortunate they are.
Some people don't think so.
Some people don't understand that wearing a face mask is recommended not to protect oneself, but to protect others.
Some people don't want to live like a monk, even in the Pandemic Era.
Some people don't want to see others improve.
Some people don't wear masks because they're stupid and ignorant.
Some people don't wear pajamas.
Some people don’t approve of professional baseball.
Some people don’t believe in any religion.
Some people dream of having a house on a hill.
Some people drink a lot of water.
Some people drink apple cider on holidays, others drink it for everyday.
Some people drink because they're lonely.
Some people drink to forget.
Some people eat sushi with their hands.
Some people enjoy leading risky lives.
Some people enjoy solitude.
Some people enjoy watching Christmas movies.
Some people escaped the water by climbing onto the top of their homes while waiting to be rescued by helicopter.
Some people even got violent.
Some people even wear knee pads when riding a bike.
Some people evolved from apes, and some still haven't.
Some people fantasize about living in a society with a lower technological level. The horse and buggy are still technology.
Some people feel strangely trustworthy even on the first meeting, don't they?
Some people feel that hitchhiking is dangerous.
Some people felt that Tom's behavior was inappropriate.
Some people felt trapped.
Some people fight back.
Some people find "mind-numbing" work to be anything but that.
Some people find derivation to be more logical and regular in Ido than in Esperanto.
Some people find it difficult to write with pens that have a triangular grip.
Some people find it easier to grasp the short-term effects of smoking.
Some people find it fun to play tennis twelve hours a day. Me too, but not always.
Some people find it weird that Tom and Mary are best friends, but they don't care.
Some people find me intimidating.
Some people find reading relaxing.
Some people find sarcasm difficult to pick up on.
Some people find self-harm comforting.
Some people find this interesting.
Some people find this kind of thing annoying.
Some people follow their kids around with a camcorder as though every squeak is a star-studded performance.
Some people followed her.
Some people followed him.
Some people fought back.
Some people from the orphanage are looking for John.
Some people gain weight when they quit smoking.
Some people gain weight when they stop smoking.
Some people gave Tom some odd looks, but he didn't care.
Some people get great joy and satisfaction from doing things by themselves.
Some people get great joy and satisfaction from doing things by themselves. That is why DIY, or do-it-yourself, projects are so popular.
Some people get relaxed by reading.
Some people give gifts to others on New Year’s Day.
Some people go after fame.
Some people go to church on Christmas Eve.
Some people go to church on Sunday morning.
Some people got really angry.
Some people had to use false names to get work.
Some people hardly drink any alcohol, some drink a lot.
Some people harm others on purpose.
Some people hate English because they could not master it. They do not know the underlying phonemes masked by the seemingly unorganized orthography. The grammar bewilders them despite long years in schooling.
Some people hate Tom. Others love him.
Some people hate graft because they didn't get their share.
Some people hate to argue.
Some people have a calm temperament or exude courtesy.
Some people have a devil on each shoulder.
Some people have a difficult time expressing themselves in their native language, let alone in a foreign one.
Some people have a more miserable life than you. Try to tolerate!
Some people have a terror of mice.
Some people have abnormally fast heartbeats, sometimes as fast as 400 beats per minute.
Some people have all the luck.
Some people have back pain when they lift weights.
Some people have been working hard to deny the existence of the Berber language.
Some people have compared Esperantism to a cult, but soon there will come a time when Zamenhof returns and punishes them for this sacrilege.
Some people have died going around that bend.
Some people have difficulty apologizing.
Some people have even visited the moon.
Some people have left their dressing gowns in the changing cubicle.
Some people have likened Esperantism to a cult, but soon the time will come when Zamenhof returns and punishes them for this sacrilege.
Some people have never heard of that.
Some people have no patience.
Some people have no scruples at all.
Some people have no scruples whatsoever.
Some people have no shame.
Some people have nothing to do in life!
Some people have switched to raw food.
Some people have to be told everything.
Some people have to stop saying words that add pain, what is called insipid chatter.
Some people have told me that I look Japanese.
Some people have told me that I seem Japanese.
Some people have too much free time.
Some people have too much time on their hands.
Some people have tried to draw a connection between the names of Brahma and Abraham.
Some people have trouble getting their dogs to eat dog food.
Some people have two cars.
Some people have two devils on their shoulders.
Some people have untraditional families.
Some people have very fast serves.
Some people have way too much time on their hands.
Some people here can speak French.
Some people here don't really believe in religion.
Some people hurt other people and still complain!
Some people identify success with having much money.
Some people in Iraq and Syria want Daesh back.
Some people in our company were fired.
Some people in the audience even shed tears.
Some people in the crowd fired back.
Some people in the crowd were waving flags.
Some people in the world suffer from hunger.
Some people insist that television does more harm than good.
Some people intentionally do harm.
Some people jumped into the pool.
Some people just aren't very bright.
Some people just aren't very smart.
Some people just can't be saved.
Some people just have hate in their hearts, and don't care who they hate, as long as they hate somebody.
Some people just have hate in their hearts, and don't care who they hate, as long as they hate someone.
Some people just never learn.
Some people just shouldn't sing.
Some people just stick around just a bit longer in our lives than others and that's the way of life.
Some people just want to see the world burn.
Some people just want to watch the world burn.
Some people just won't listen.
Some people keep a food diary to keep track of things they've eaten.
Some people keep a food diary to keep track of things they’ve eaten.
Some people keep dream journals.
Some people keep rare animals as pets.
Some people keep wild animals at home.
Some people kept interrupting the speakers, and finally broke up the meeting.
Some people kill themselves.
Some people know how to use the art of persuasion without saying a word.
Some people lack conscience.
Some people lack empathy.
Some people laugh at his jokes, but others don't.
Some people laugh at his jokes, but others don’t.
Some people laughed, others cried.
Some people learn languages more easily than others.
Some people like Tom, others do not.
Some people like anger, because they think it suppresses their sexual impulse. Often, it's just the opposite.
Some people like baseball, others like soccer.
Some people like cats, and others prefer dogs.
Some people like cats, others prefer dogs.
Some people like classical music, while others like popular music.
Some people like coffee and others prefer tea.
Some people like danger.
Some people like doing that, but I don't.
Some people like him and other people don't.
Some people like him and other people don’t.
Some people like his idea.
Some people like it.
Some people like me think that AI, Artificial Intelligence, will help in realizing future crewed interplanetary flights. AI will be able to solve engineering problems that humans are not able to solve.
Some people like red wine and some people like white wine.
Some people like red wine, others do not.
Some people like red wine, others like white wine.
Some people like rewarding themselves, not expecting reward from others.
Some people like routine. Others are always looking for something new.
Some people like sea gulls, others don't.
Some people like shoveling snow, but I don't.
Some people like shoveling snow.
Some people like sports, and others don't.
Some people like sports, and others don’t.
Some people like sports. Others don't.
Some people like sports. Others don’t.
Some people like summer, and others like winter.
Some people like summer, while others like winter.
Some people like that kind of thing.
Some people like that sort of thing.
Some people like that.
Some people like the feeling of hate. They might as well promote Satanism. Most religions discourage hatred.
Some people like the sea more, others like the mountains more.
Some people like the sea; others prefer the mountains.
Some people like this idea.
Some people like to dip marshmallows in chocolate or caramel for a decadent treat.
Some people like to gamble because they think it's an easy way to make money.
Some people like to travel alone.
Some people like volleyball, others enjoy tennis.
Some people like winter, while others hate it.
Some people liked Tom's idea.
Some people listen to music when writing, but others say it hampers their productivity.
Some people live far removed from harsh realities.
Some people live on their sons.
Some people live only with what they find in big dumping grounds.
Some people live under painful conditions.
Some people living in Cambodia and Laos consider the animals holy.
Some people look down on others because they have less money.
Some people look up to you.
Some people looked at him distractedly, others ignored him.
Some people love arguing.
Some people love hot curry, but it's not Jeff's cup of tea.
Some people love hot curry, but it’s not Jeff’s cup of tea.
Some people love pumpkin pie and others hate it.
Some people love to argue.
Some people love to look at photographs; others love to be in them.
Some people made fun of my situation.
Some people make a sport out of watching and following tornadoes. They are called tornado chasers or storm chasers. Their work can be seen in the extreme weather videos that are increasingly popular on television.
Some people make homemade ornaments for their trees.
Some people make me laugh.
Some people make money off of pyramid schemes.
Some people may find it offensive.
Some people may not want to do that.
Some people may think it's unusual, but I love my little "ratties".
Some people may think that I have too much linguistic variety in my life.
Some people might already be fed up with Tom, but I am still mesmerized by that guy.
Some people might assume that.
Some people might describe furries simply as people that enjoy the concept of anthropomorphized animals.
Some people might not agree with that.
Some people might not agree.
Some people might not like it if you do it that way.
Some people might not want to stay.
Some people might regard belief in ghosts as loony.
Some people might think so.
Some people might think that's a stupid idea.
Some people might think that's not a good idea.
Some people might want to leave early.
Some people must be friendzoned.
Some people need a lifetime to understand this.
Some people need more sleep than others.
Some people never change!
Some people never fail to astonish me.
Some people never grow up.
Some people never learn.
Some people never listen.
Some people never observe anything, life just happens to them.
Some people never seem to learn how to think for themselves.
Some people never speak unless they're spoken to.
Some people of your religious persuasion equate the relationship of a human to God as a dog to a human master. This is not a good spiritual analogy.
Some people only buy organic food; they think that in this way their body will not be damaged by pollutants.
Some people only get married to prevent their wives from marrying somebody else.
Some people only help because they expect something in return.
Some people only like big dogs.
Some people oppose the recognition of Berber as an official language in the Algerian constitution.
Some people place a lot more emphasis on the importance of money in life.
Some people prefer a language like Spanish over Esperanto, because they can envision the culture behind it.
Some people prefer conformity, while others seek novelty.
Some people prefer that.
Some people prefer to live by the moment.
Some people prefer to work alone.
Some people prefer to work from home.
Some people prefer traveling alone.
Some people prefer working from home.
Some people prize meeting the deadline over producing the highest standard of work.
Some people profit at the expense of others.
Some people pursue only pleasure.
Some people push back.
Some people quarrel for no reason at all.
Some people questioned his honesty.
Some people read books to kill time.
Some people read that they may get information.
Some people read the newspaper and watch TV at the same time.
Some people read the newspaper while watching television.
Some people really think that men being anything other than angry, sex-obsessed animals is unacceptable and, as they say, going to lead to the downfall of society as we know it.
Some people refer to Wednesday as "hump day."
Some people refer to proprioception as "the sixth sense".
Some people refuse to get vaccinated.
Some people refused to accept that the Earth was not the centre of the universe.
Some people relax by reading.
Some people reuse their bathwater for washing their cars.
Some people say Boston is a dangerous city.
Some people say French is easy to learn.
Some people say I look like Tom.
Some people say I look like a woman, but I'm a man.
Some people say I'm a little weird.
Some people say I'm annoying.
Some people say I'm arrogant.
Some people say I'm unpredictable.
Some people say I'm weird.
Some people say Japan is a male-dominated society.
Some people say Tom and I are a little weird.
Some people say Tom is stupid, but I think he's pretty smart.
Some people say a high fat–low carbohydrate diet is healthy.
Some people say dog owners and their dogs look alike.
Some people say he was murdered, others say he killed himself.
Some people say it like this; others, like that.
Some people say it takes at least 10 years of experience for someone to be considered an expert at something.
Some people say males are worse than females at almost everything.
Some people say my love cannot be true.
Some people say stepping on a worm makes it rain.
Some people say that Algiers was originally an island but that's not true.
Some people say that COVID-19 was created in a lab.
Some people say that English politeness is, at bottom, really fear.
Some people say that French is one of the most beautiful languages in the world.
Some people say that I dance very well.
Some people say that I look like Tom.
Some people say that I look like a woman, but I'm a man.
Some people say that I'm annoying.
Some people say that I'm arrogant.
Some people say that I'm unpredictable.
Some people say that I'm weird.
Some people say that Portuguese sounds like a drunken Frenchman speaking Spanish.
Some people say that Tatoeba is not a school, but here I have found great and thoughtful teachers.
Some people say that Tom and I are weird.
Some people say that Trump using the term "lamestream media" is like the pot calling the kettle black.
Some people say that any deal is better than no deal.
Some people say that avocados dipped in soy sauce taste excellent.
Some people say that cartoons on television are educational in themselves.
Some people say that computers save us time.
Some people say that dog owners and their dogs look alike.
Some people say that eating carrots will improve your eyesight.
Some people say that eating late at night is bad for your health.
Some people say that fish is brain food.
Some people say that former Algerian president Abdelaziz Bouteflika wants to be buried in the Grand Mosque of Algiers.
Some people say that it is human nature to root for the underdog.
Some people say that relaxation only makes us weak.
Some people say that swearing helps relieve stress.
Some people say that the Japanese are a race apart.
Some people say that the judicial system is rigged.
Some people say that the theory of evolution is "only" a theory but a scientific theory is something that has been proven to be true.
Some people say that this will change the world.
Some people say that toothpaste can remove windshield scratches.
Some people say that travel by air is rather economical.
Some people say that traveling by plane is rather economical.
Some people say that true love doesn't exist.
Some people say that you shouldn't check your email first thing in the morning.
Some people say that you shouldn't go swimming right after you eat.
Some people say that you shouldn’t check your email first thing in the morning.
Some people say the corpus is intended for learners, some think it's more for scientific purposes.
Some people say the police don't deserve funding.
Some people say there shouldn't be any secrets between friends.
Some people say they can predict the future.
Some people say they like the smell of durian.
Some people say thirteen is an unlucky number.
Some people say tolerance is a two-way street.
Some people say true love doesn't exist.
Some people say you should never assume anything.
Some people say, regardless of whether it is a black cat or a white cat, if it can catch mice it is a good cat. However, nowadays ordinary people rarely ever have mice. Therefore, how can a cat be a good cat?
Some people see a conspiracy behind almost everything.
Some people see a duck. Others, a rabbit.
Some people see a duck. Others, see a rabbit.
Some people see a rabbit. Others, a duck.
Some people see a rabbit. Others, see a duck.
Some people see avoiding comma splices as unnatural.
Some people see the duck, but have difficulty seeing the rabbit.
Some people see the rabbit, but have difficulty seeing the duck.
Some people seem to agree with you.
Some people seem to always want to have the last word.
Some people seem to complain about everything.
Some people seem to enjoy arguing.
Some people seem to have forgotten what it was like before the war.
Some people seem to want to make a mountain out of a molehill.
Some people seemed to have trouble understanding Tom's French.
Some people seemed to have trouble understanding me.
Some people seemed to think the good times were going to last forever.
Some people seldom speak unless they're spoken to.
Some people seriously dream about reviving the USSR.
Some people shouldn't be allowed to drive.
Some people shouldn't be forgiven.
Some people shouldn't procreate.
Some people sleep for only six hours or even less and yet they nevertheless feel fine.
Some people sleep in their bathrobes.
Some people sleep more than others.
Some people speak from experience, and some people, from experience, don't speak.
Some people speculate whether the next big war will be a "slow war" with troop deployment or a mechanical push-button "fast war." Some people note that at the "micro level," there is aggression, so at the "macro level," there will be also.
Some people spend a lot of time watching TV.
Some people spend their lives sleeping.
Some people squabbled, even came to blows, for trifles that do not even belong to them.
Some people stared at me awkwardly.
Some people started crying.
Some people started dancing.
Some people started laughing.
Some people started throwing rocks.
Some people stay longer when they're leaving than others do when they're staying.
Some people stay trim even without going to a gym.
Some people still believe that Algeria is run by France.
Some people still believe that the world is flat.
Some people still believe the world is flat.
Some people still cut grass with a scythe.
Some people still do it, even if we tell them not to.
Some people stopped respecting Tom.
Some people suck.
Some people suffer from insomnia.
Some people support abolishing minimum wage by saying that employees can choose not to work for employers that pay too little, but that's assuming they even have a choice.
Some people swear by it.
Some people take a bath every day and others don't.
Some people take a bath every day and others don’t.
Some people take a bath every day, and some people don't.
Some people take pleasure in the suffering of others.
Some people take up a trade after junior college and some go to university.
Some people talk in their sleep.
Some people talk in their sleep. Lecturers talk while other people sleep.
Some people talk too much and do too little.
Some people talk too much and say too little.
Some people talk while they eat.
Some people these days are going so far as to leave instructions in their wills about how to handle their email inboxes and social media profiles after they die.
Some people think Algeria's collapse is inevitable.
Some people think Canadians are different from everybody else.
Some people think French is a difficult language.
Some people think French is a hard language to learn.
Some people think French is really hard to learn.
Some people think Goodwill stores are more a for-profit business than a philanthropic institution.
Some people think I'm Tom.
Some people think I'm eccentric.
Some people think I'm eloquent.
Some people think I'm nuts.
Some people think I'm very fussy.
Some people think I'm weak-willed.
Some people think I’m weak-willed.
Some people think Mary was poisoned.
Some people think Tatoeba is not a school.
Some people think Tom and Mary were poisoned.
Some people think Tom is arrogant.
Some people think Tom is innocent.
Some people think Tom is schizophrenic.
Some people think Tom was poisoned.
Some people think Tom's native language is French.
Some people think communication isn't important.
Some people think eating at home is better for you than eating out.
Some people think everything is mathematical.
Some people think it's a bad idea.
Some people think it's time to buy. Others think it's time to sell.
Some people think microwave ovens aren't safe.
Some people think of reading as a waste of time.
Some people think sleeping is a waste of time.
Some people think so.
Some people think talking back to an adult is rude.
Some people think that Canadians are different from everybody else.
Some people think that Earth will be invaded by aliens.
Some people think that French is a difficult language.
Some people think that French is a hard language to learn.
Some people think that French is really hard to learn.
Some people think that Greg and I are like Filipino Hispanics. This Saturday morning on the 20th of August of 2022, Greg eats apple chips, and I salted potato chips with black iced tea, at the neighbourhood café. He mentions that he doesn't always go to church on Sunday, because maybe he feels down about life. We talk about the Philippines having mainly three blending peoples, Malays, Chinese, and Spanish. We wonder if most Filipinos really have Spanish and Chinese blood. Many Filipinos don't trace their genealogy. I mention to him that as one just lands at the Manila airport, one sees that the majority are really Malay-looking people. We talk about Jehovah's Witnesses and Mormons. I list some countries, in four continents, to which I've travelled, as it impresses him that I am a world traveller. Greg has only been to the Philippines, Canada, and USA. I assure him that my rich uncle in Oregon, who builds houses in the Philippines, doesn't want to go to Europe. Greg knows that I've lived in Japan and Europe, where I've learned the "walking life."
Some people think that I am more of an Animist-Buddhist. Animism may be more scientific, and Buddhism more artistic, they might categorize.
Some people think that I'm Tom.
Some people think that I'm eccentric.
Some people think that I'm eloquent.
Some people think that I'm nuts.
Some people think that I'm very fussy.
Some people think that Israel would never evacuate the West Bank settlements.
Some people think that Spanish and Portuguese are the same language.
Some people think that Tom did that.
Some people think that Tom is arrogant.
Some people think that Tom should be the one to do that.
Some people think that Tom should do that.
Some people think that advertising is a form of brainwashing.
Some people think that communication isn't important.
Some people think that dying is easy and living is hard, but the truth is, dying is also hard, because the end of it you will be leaving people behind.
Some people think that eating grapefruit with every meal will help you lose weight.
Some people think that everything that a person does with a serious face is correct.
Some people think that gambling's a sin.
Some people think that hang gliding is a dangerous sport.
Some people think that hijab is something oppressive.
Some people think that it is difficult for a native speaker of English to learn Chinese, but I disagree.
Some people think that it's an obligation to be rude.
Some people think that it's bad luck to kill a cricket.
Some people think that it's still worthwhile being human.
Some people think that it's wrong to eat meat.
Some people think that lychees taste like grapes.
Some people think that my writing aims at younger people. I don't really do it intentionally.
Some people think that religion is more than just fantasy.
Some people think that sleeping is a waste of time.
Some people think that the voting age should be lowered to 16.
Some people think that the works attributed to Shakespeare were written by somebody else.
Some people think that the world is at its evening, whilst some think it is at its morning. Maybe, it has to do with one's religion.
Some people think that there are too many lawyers in this country.
Some people think that there are way too many lawyers in this country.
Some people think that they are above the law.
Some people think that women are put down and not valued in Islam but that's not true.
Some people think that your people are perverted.
Some people think the government has way too much power.
Some people think the president spends too much time traveling.
Some people think there's some kind of mystical relationship with people having the same first name.
Some people think they're always right.
Some people think you cannot overpraise a child.
Some people thought the world was going to end with the last millennium, others in 2012... but we're still here!
Some people today have a few genes from other species, the Neanderthals and the Denisovans.
Some people took hostile attitudes toward the illegal aliens.
Some people travel alone.
Some people travel to visit family during Christmas.
Some people traveled by train, and others by road.
Some people tried to dig the treasure out, but they couldn't.
Some people tried to dig the treasure out, but they couldn’t.
Some people try to explain the truth of the Bible through science.
Some people try to gain advantage by exploiting their personal contacts.
Some people unironically believe that.
Some people use cameras for illegal purposes, such as spying on people.
Some people walk to work.
Some people want Algeria to put tanks on the streets to crush the current protests. Well, this will never happen.
Some people want everything for free.
Some people want to amend the constitution.
Some people want to ban the Quran in their countries.
Some people want to bring about amendments to the constitution.
Some people want to learn a language for conversation; others just want to read foreign-language books.
Some people want to marry their own dogs.
Some people want to stand out from the crowd, and at the same time, also to fit in that same crowd.
Some people wash themselves, some people don't.
Some people watched TV serials every evening.
Some people wear clothes to show their wealth or status.
Some people went by bus, and others by train.
Some people were born into slavery in ancient Rome.
Some people were born to make others miserable.
Some people were crying, including our teacher.
Some people were dancing.
Some people were downright nasty.
Some people were hanging around at the entrance.
Some people were hurt.
Some people were kind and others were unkind.
Some people were late.
Some people were satisfied.
Some people were standing, others were sitting.
Some people were sunbathing, others were swimming.
Some people were trying to get inside.
Some people who hate minorities of all sorts claim that no gay people live in their country. Some antidemocratic or outright fascistic governments later attempt to make that absurd assertion a reality by the criminal prosecution of homosexual people or even their execution.
Some people will always defend their oppressors. They won't accept the truth.
Some people will be charmed by your personality while some others will be repulsed by it.
Some people will be fascinated by my magnetic personality while some others will be absolutely scared away by it.
Some people will be insanely jealous of you just because they can't reach your level of greatness no matter how hard they try to.
Some people will be intensely jealous of you because you're succeeding in the game of life and doing better than they are.
Some people will be seduced by your personality while some others will be revulsed by the exterior image that you give off and that's something that you can't help from happening and that you can't change.
Some people will believe anything they read.
Some people will believe anything.
Some people will choose to hate you right from the get-go because they can't stand your physical appearance and because they can't stand the sight of you.
Some people will close the windows.
Some people will enjoy your company while some others won't enjoy it at all.
Some people will find his behaviour strange.
Some people will go to great lengths to avoid conflict.
Some people will never catch up.
Some people will never understand why this should be done.
Some people will never understand.
Some people will not eat fish with milk.
Some people will really just do whatever it takes to not apologize, huh?
Some people will see a rabbit. Other people will see a duck.
Some people will see a rabbit. Others, will see a duck.
Some people with immigrant background adopt an unhealthy aggressive attitude of cultural self-hatred arising from inferiority complex and the desire for acceptance.
Some people won't go willingly.
Some people won't like this change.
Some people work more than five days a week.
Some people would disagree.
Some people would label any person who speaks about Islam as a terrorist.
Some people would make sure that some day the word "Palestine" itself will be banned worldwide.
Some people would question the truth of such rumors.
Some people would say that.
Some people write books for money, others for pleasure.
Some people's lives are dominated by religion.
Some people's minds are like their eyes' pupils: the more light they're exposed to, the smaller they become.
Some people, because of the many hardships of existence, have lost all hope.
Some people, looking at the bright Sun, seek for stains only.
Some people, no matter how old they get, never lose their beauty.
Some people, when they want to make some money, start making videos about the demonization of Islam.
Some persons appear to be resistant to HIV infection.
Some persons have asserted that the earliest Christians were Ebionites, and taught a system of doctrine akin to modern Unitarianism.
Some pesticides are highly toxic to bees.
Some petrol stations ran out of fuel.
Some photos were printed in black and white.
Some physicists seriously consider the possibility that quantum mechanics hints at a mysterious connection of "conscious" observation with the physical world.
Some pickpocket stole his wallet on the train.
Some pickpocket stole my wallet on the train.
Some pictures can hurt the feelings of the youngest.
Some pitied them.
Some place.
Some plants are quickly affected by cold.
Some plants cannot adapt themselves to the cold.
Some plants grow well with a minimum of care.
Some plants have aerial roots.
Some plants perish in winter.
Some plants, such as pine trees and corn, produce light pollen that’s easily blown by wind.
Some poems were also written by him.
Some political jargon used in the U.S. can be pretty obscure and hard to figure out.
Some political parties are enemies of humanity.
Some politicians are considered to have caused that incident.
Some politicians are wolves in sheep's clothing.
Some politicians aren't as dumb as you believe.
Some politicians aren't so dumb as you believe.
Some politicians never make good on campaign promises.
Some politicians quickly forgot about their past.
Some politicians seem to be lost to shame.
Some politicians try to evoke the primal fear of everything foreign.
Some popular Canadian television series were "Mister Dress-Up", "The Friendly Giant", "The Red Green Show" and "This Hour has 22 Minutes".
Some poultry owners have lost their entire flock to foxes.
Some precious stones are very similar to gold.
Some prefer the sea, while others prefer the mountains.
Some prefer to call the Nazi swastika the Hakenkreuz, as it was originally called, to avoid defaming Hinduism.
Some pretty birds are flying above the trees.
Some prisoners have escaped from the jail.
Some pro-Trump Latinos told me they understand why immigrants seek new lives in America, but they want them to come to this country "the right way."
Some problems are expected on their expedition.
Some problems have arisen.
Some problems have come up.
Some products may not have the scalability or the demand here in this country.
Some professions won't be necessary in the future.
Some professors don't understand this problem.
Some professors use drugs.
Some programmers seem to forget that writing good documentation is as important, if not more important, as writing a good program.
Some programming languages are developed by major technology companies to improve their productivity, such as Go being developed by Google, and Swift by Apple.
Some progress has already been made.
Some progress has been made.
Some prominent tennis players behave like spoiled brats.
Some psychologists raise doubts about Pepperberg's research.
Some psychologists raise doubts about Pepperberg’s research.
Some punster had scrawled the word 'mass' at the top of the poster advertising the sixth form's debating society.
Some pupils find it difficult to follow the rules.
Some pupils passed the exam, others didn't.
Some pupils passed the exam; others did not.
Some pupils walk to school, while others go by bus.
Some pupils walk to school; others go by bus.
Some quartic equations can be easily decomposed into quadratics.
Some question why schools are being closed but not factories and offices, saying there is no logic to the measures.
Some questioned Ziri's ethics.
Some questions are difficult to answer.
Some questions are hard to answer.
Some questions should remain unanswered.
Some questions were asked me by the teacher.
Some radars calculate your average speed.
Some radars calculate your average velocity.
Some radical Islamists want to take power by force.
Some railroads had to close down.
Some raindrops fell.
Some ran away and created new lives.
Some read books just to pass time.
Some read books to kill time.
Some references claim that he lied.
Some regard Monsanto's lawsuits as a stratagem to impose costly delays on Argentine soy meal exports to Europe, and thereby pressure the Argentine government to change its seed laws to suit the company.
Some regional train lines have canceled service, but fast trains between the major cities are still operating normally.
Some regions in Germany sweltered as the mercury hit 39° C and the German Meteorological Office said the country's all-time record of 40.3° C could be topped Tuesday.
Some regions, for example, resort to ways to keep up with the view that they will be disconnected from the Ottoman State.
Some related lists are mentioned at the bottom of the page.
Some relationships are disharmonious.
Some religions are or were against development and freedom of thought.
Some religions believe in xenoglossia.
Some religions do not allow this union.
Some religious groups set up gigantic generational ships that travelled many years away from the Solar System to distant stars.
Some religious men regard pain as a sort of trial from God.
Some religious people can be very judgemental.
Some religious people can be very judgmental.
Some religious people can be very judgy.
Some religious people who believe in rebirth or reincarnation believe that people return on this same world. My father thought that he would transmigrate to a different "planet" altogether, as an newly-born infant.
Some religious people wonder if God or gods come down in human form. Hinduism's avatars and Christianity's Christ are precedents. In the concept of pantheism, everything and everybody have some aspect of godliness, at some level, even though sometimes scarcely.
Some religious tendencies want to take all the fun out of sex.
Some remote Aboriginal settlements in Australia are banning outsiders in an attempt to stop the spread of the coronavirus.
Some reptile species have a breeding season that coincides with rainy seasons.
Some reptiles are viviparous.
Some reptiles have a plain body, others a scaly body.
Some reptiles have four feet.
Some reptiles molt to adapt to seasonal temperature changes.
Some researchers believe that pigeons rely on their sense of smell to find their way home.
Some researchers believe that the pigeons can detect the Earth's magnetic field.
Some residents took a wait-and-see attitude while others prepared for heavy flooding.
Some residents were washed away by the flooding and others were left clinging to trees.
Some resins are thicker than others.
Some respondents reported they'd experienced orgasm while exercising.
Some restaurants and hotels don't accept credit cards.
Some restrictions make no sense.
Some restrictions may apply.
Some retailers charge less.
Some retarded teenager is assailing the statistics again.
Some rich guy from Boston just bought the house next to mine.
Some rich people and corporations don't pay their fair share in taxes.
Some rich young men of Methymna, having formed a pleasure-party for the vintage-season, had embarked in a small vessel, employing their servants as rowers and shaping their course towards the fields of Mitylene, which lie near the sea-shore.
Some risks are worth taking.
Some roads in Algeria are very empty.
Some rocks can be more than three billion years old.
Some roof tiles have fallen off.
Some rooms have an ocean view.
Some roosters believe the sun rises for them.
Some royal names are predestined to misfortune: in France, there is the name “Henry”.
Some rules may have to be broken.
Some rules were changed for the worse.
Some rumors can destroy your life.
Some runners drink water as they are running.
Some said his raid was an act of war.
Some said openly that they did not care who won the war.
Some salt comes from mines, some from water.
Some salt will make it taste better.
Some sardines are not scaly at all while others are very scaly.
Some satellites have exploded or collided.
Some say King David was bi.
Some say Mitch McConnell delegitimized the U.S. Supreme Court, but it was actually always illegitimate.
Some say hate is from fear.
Some say he is dead, others say he is still alive.
Some say he lost, others say he won, but that's not the point.
Some say he never existed.
Some say hundreds of people drowned in the deluge because they would not abandon their pets.
Some say it is so; others differ.
Some say one thing, others say another.
Some say society should be corrected first, but that is to put the cart before the horse.
Some say that Algeria is the envy of North Africa.
Some say that Assange is being medically neglected.
Some say that Assange was subjugated to psychological torture.
Some say that China was like a Russian colony.
Some say that Christianity is the most tolerant religion.
Some say that God is unbegotten, or has always existed without needing a creator, but who's to say that the universe itself isn't unbegotten?
Some say that Israel should be boycotted for its apartheid system.
Some say that Lutheran Christianity has been modernized to a point of total dissociation from the original precepts of the Bible.
Some say that Ramses II had six women and more than 100 children.
Some say that abstention from voting is the only option to improve the current political system, but that's just a fantasy: politicians are not going to be self-critical over it, and those who vote will be the people that decide the future.
Some say that abstention from voting is the only way to improve politics, but that's just a fantasy. Politicians aren't going to care much, and the people that vote decide the future.
Some say that art is subjective.
Some say that every hour in bed before midnight is worth two hours after midnight.
Some say that he never existed.
Some say that he was a musician in his youth.
Some say that he was the greatest boxer who ever lived.
Some say that ignorance is bliss, and I wholeheartedly agree.
Some say that speech is worth silver, but silence is worth gold.
Some say that the Berber Tifinagh alphabet was derived from the Phoenician alphabet.
Some say that the US exists on stolen land that needs to be restored.
Some say the Chinese economy will collapse in the next few weeks.
Some say the Shroud of Turin is a photo made by Leonardo da Vinci using a camera obscura.
Some say the beauty is more important than virtue.
Some say the boat got lost, others say it was swallowed by a whale.
Some say the new film is not a visual tour de force like others in its genre, but it is worth seeing for other reasons.
Some say this is progress that is reaping economic and cultural benefits for citizens from both countries, while others are much more skeptical.
Some say this stadium is haunted.
Some say this, and others say that.
Some say we Argentinians are arrogant, but that's just because we're the best.
Some scenes from the movie were recorded in Leblon Beach.
Some scenes in this film are very disturbing.
Some scenes of Moon Landig were filmed in Nevada desert.
Some scholars ascribe the settlement of America to social unrest in Western Europe.
Some school districts are arming teachers to provide a line of defense against school shooters.
Some school uniforms incorporate a white camisole into the ensemble.
Some schools face budget cuts.
Some schools have banned students from wearing creepy clown costumes for Halloween.
Some schools have stopped investing in energy companies but critics question whether such actions slow the effects of climate change or hurt the profits of energy companies.
Some sci-fi buff friends of mine think that all I need is sci-fi as an exercise in understanding reality through irreality, something I have been doing since reading Dr. Seuss imaginary books in Grade 1, in my private school of La Salle Green Hills in Metro Manila in the Philippines. I analyse that it may have been originally Dr. Seuss books that encouraged me to pursue the sci-fi imaginarium throughout my life. Some sci-fact buffs, however, incline away from sci-fi, which they may think is childish, frivolous "hypotheticals." I also believe in sci-fact, with which, dwelling in sci-fi, I become more stimulated. I am inclined both to sci-fact and to sci-fi, and if I had to select a spiritual path, it would be Syncretic, leaning towards Eastern and Indigenous traditions, but not necessarily dismissing other traditions. I am open-minded. For many like me, reality is not enough...
Some sci-fi movies, such as Luc Besson's The Fifth Element, envision luxury travel in space in the future. In recent time, space travel has been more the pursuit of military-like personnel.
Some sci-fi writers play on hermaphroditic societies. Characters may be hermaphroditic, have more than two genders, or interchange gender according to the seasons.
Some sci-fi writers, such as Arthur C. Clarke, did not envision a world war, but the continuing saga of space exploration and colonization.
Some scientists believe Mars was once a wet, warm world and may even have hosted life forms at some point in its early history.
Some scientists believe that our first contact with extra-terrestrial life will occur in the next decade or so.
Some scientists believe that the greenhouse effect is imaginary.
Some scientists believe that wormholes could be shortcuts through space and time.
Some scientists believe that you can't become addicted to video games.
Some scientists believe the new diagnosis of gaming disorder could be improved.
Some scientists believe the origin of this oscillating signal to be a neutron star.
Some scientists predict that the world oil reserves will be used up within a century.
Some scientists think that dolphins are the most intelligent animals in the world except for man, and that we may be able to talk with them one day.
Some scientists think that gravity is made up of particles called gravitons which travel at the speed of light.
Some scorpions and spiders carry their babies on their backs.
Some scorpions are dangerous.
Some seabirds, like albatrosses, and storm-petrels, remain far out at sea where they feed and rest, coming ashore only to breed.
Some seaweeds are microscopic, such as the phytoplankton that live suspended in the water column and provide the base for most marine food chains, and some are enormous, like the giant kelp that grow in abundant “forests” and tower like underwater redwoods from their roots at the bottom of the sea.
Some secret sorrow, or the brooding spirit of some moody passion, had quenched the light and ingenuous vivacity of youth.
Some sectors will benefit from the agreement, whereas others will lose out.
Some see language as a form of knowledge.
Some see the pavement urinals as an innovation that might help rid the French capital of unpleasant sights and smells, while others complain that the bright red boxes are a blight on the city's picturesque streets.
Some seem to believe that our politics can afford to be petty because, in a time of peace, the stakes of our debates appear small. But the stakes for America are never small.
Some seldom speak unless spoken to.
Some senior citizens are depressed after they retire.
Some sentences about Tom are real; most of them are fiction, though.
Some sentences admit several possibilities of translation.
Some sentences are daft.
Some sentences are like eagles. They don't flock together with translations. You find them one at a time.
Some sentences are quite forgotten.
Some sentences are short and others long.
Some sentences are silly.
Some sentences are too difficult for me.
Some sentences are too long.
Some sentences don't make sense. So what?
Some sentences on Tatoeba really make me question the minds of their owners.
Some sentences, while not grammatically incorrect, may be awkward or unnatural.
Some set of children are eating tortillas.
Some shadow of doubt now covered his face.
Some sheep crossed the road.
Some sheep have multiple litters.
Some ships are going out now.
Some ships were arriving from Europe.
Some sicko chopper fucked up a lot of his friends.
Some signs are only for certain vehicles.
Some signs have a symbol and a separate caption.
Some small entrepreneurs have already gone bankrupt.
Some smart alecks cut in when I was asking her to marry me.
Some smiles bring life back.
Some snakes are ambush hunters.
Some snakes are dangerous.
Some snakes are poisonous.
Some snakes are venomous.
Some snow-covered mountains were seen in the distance.
Some so-called secularists see Islam as an obstacle to progress and development.
Some social media platforms are taking steps to combat hate speech.
Some social media stars are truly vapid.
Some sociopaths need to be committed to psychiatric hospitals.
Some sociopaths need to be institutionalized.
Some soft drinks have very high sugar content and can cause obesity and tooth decay if consumed to excess.
Some soldiers returned from war crippled for life.
Some soldiers were reluctant to obey the commands.
Some songs come from Scotland.
Some sort of darkness was covering Ziri's car.
Some sounds are really hard to pronounce.
Some space probes, such as Pioneer 10, fly out of our solar system and never come back. Other space probes, like the Hubble Space Telescope, stay in orbit around the same planet their whole life.
Some spaghetti fell on the badge of the uniform, dirtying it.
Some spare parts for this machine are no longer available.
Some species are probably not domesticable--the polar bear comes to mind--others, seemingly unlikely--like the alligator--are being farmed today, although keeping them confined has turned out to be a bit of a problem.
Some species are so threatened that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service recently suspended import and re-export of beluga sturgeon caviar and meat originating from the Black Sea basin.
Some species gradually develop elaborate repertoires of dozens or even hundreds of variants of a basic song.
Some species of bat are well-known reservoirs of the coronavirus family and leading candidates for SARS-CoV-2 fountainhead.
Some species of bird are flightless.
Some species will copulate whenever the opportunity presents itself, while others only do so at a specific time of the year.
Some speculate that Miroslav's cursing is a way for him to assert dominance or draw attention to himself in social situations.
Some speculate that unknown and mysterious forces account for the unexplained disappearances within the Bermuda Triangle, such as extraterrestrials capturing humans for study; the influence of the lost continent of Atlantis; vortices that suck objects into other dimensions; and other whimsical ideas.
Some speculators take advantage of the ignorance and helplessness of old people.
Some spider species only have six eyes.
Some spiders are calm and let themselves be manipulated, whereas others are rather shy and try to bite at the slightest touch.
Some sports can be dangerous.
Some spruces are bark-beetle infested.
Some spruces are infested by bark beetles.
Some squirrels are very smart.
Some squirrels ran to the tree with red leaves.
Some squirrels were running towards the trees with red leaves.
Some staff members at health clubs ought to be trained in the proper use of a defibrillator.
Some stars are hardly visible to the naked eye.
Some stars are so far away that their light takes millions of years to reach us.
Some stars began to appear in the night sky.
Some state laws leave curriculum decisions to individual school districts.
Some states could activate their anti-abortion laws immediately, with others following shortly thereafter.
Some states have armies; the Prussian army has a state.
Some states select primary candidates by caucus, while others hold an election.
Some still think that there is no scientific basis for the theory of climate change.
Some stores are offering discounts.
Some stores discount the price.
Some stores offer discounts.
Some stores will give you a discount if you ask for it.
Some stories by Hans Christian Andersen have been translated into Kabyle.
Some strange animal killed Tom.
Some strange car followed me home, and it creeped me out so much I called the police.
Some strange people keep knowledge of a language secret.
Some strategic panning helped his mixes sound fuller.
Some students are being told to take their belongings with them and leave their rooms empty.
Some students are not interested in Japanese history.
Some students aren't going to come back next semester.
Some students aren’t going to come back next semester.
Some students come to school by bicycle, and others walk.
Some students commute to school by car.
Some students devote themselves to sports and neglect their studies.
Some students don't like wearing uniforms.
Some students find it difficult to follow the rules.
Some students finished their homework.
Some students found out Monday that they were ordered home; others were voluntarily leaving Italy.
Some students go to school on foot, and others by bus.
Some students got all week off.
Some students in this university don't even know how to talk to teachers.
Some students in this university don’t even know how to talk to teachers.
Some students like English, and others like physics.
Some students like baseball, and others like soccer.
Some students like math, and others don't.
Some students like mathematics and others don't.
Some students like mathematics and others don’t.
Some students like sport, others don’t.
Some students like this class, others don't.
Some students looked at her with tears in their eyes.
Some students neglect their studies in favor of sports.
Some students passed the exam, but others did not.
Some students passed the exam, but others didn't.
Some students passed the exam, but others failed.
Some students passed the exam; others didn't.
Some students seem to have forgotten to do their homework.
Some students stayed behind.
Some students stuck to their plans of visiting the beach, only to find their parties shut down.
Some students take exams ahead of schedule.
Some students take the cable car.
Some students walk to school, and others ride their bicycles.
Some students walk to school, while others go by bus.
Some students walk to school. Others go by bus.
Some students were sitting on the bench and having lunch.
Some students weren't there.
Some students, like 19-year-old Mary Liebers of Macalester College in St. Paul, Minnesota, said technological innovations such as YouTube and other digital tools can be beneficial in accessing information, but harmful as a distraction.
Some stuff is about to happen.
Some stupid series was on TV.
Some subjects are so serious that one can only joke about them.
Some subjects require a deeper understanding gained over time.
Some suitcases have combination locks.
Some superstitious people in America believe that if a black cat crosses your path, you'll have bad luck.
Some superstitious people in America believe that if a black cat crosses your path, you’ll have bad luck.
Some survived.
Some suspected that fuzzy patches of light known as nebulas were actually distant "islands of stars" far beyond our galaxy.
Some systems, such as Burroughs B5500, do not use paging to implement virtual memory. Instead, they use segmentation, that divide virtual address spaces into variable-length segments. A virtual address consists of a segment number and an offset within the segment.
Some take a bath every day, and others don't.
Some take their role as in loco parentis a little too far.
Some talked of shooting him if he did not leave.
Some taxpayers use tax havens to avoid paying their taxes.
Some teachers have a great effect on their students.
Some teachers instinctively know how to play “favorites” to manipulate the other students.
Some teachers look for their hair while teaching.
Some teachers peel potatoes while teaching.
Some teachers take drugs.
Some teachers, however, are working to make debates less angry. They are teaching their students about civil discourse.
Some teenagers are incredibly rude.
Some teenagers smashed our pumpkins just before Halloween.
Some teenagers start drinking at a very young age.
Some test questions are unfair to gorillas.
Some testers report a little bit of "grassy" flavor from what turned out to be the vegetarian-fed trout fillet.
Some thieves broke into her house.
Some thieves broke into one of our warehouses last night.
Some things I will never be able to learn in my lifetime.
Some things about Tom are true, some are not.
Some things are best forgotten.
Some things are best left unsaid.
Some things are better left in the past.
Some things are better left undone.
Some things are better left unsaid.
Some things are better not said.
Some things are beyond our control.
Some things are clearer with more years of living.
Some things are difficult to obtain.
Some things are difficult to understand.
Some things are impossible.
Some things are in our control and others not.
Some things are inevitable.
Some things are meant to be taken at face value.
Some things are meant to be.
Some things are more important than others. Maybe pettiness and narcissism have no place when there are much bigger things which need tending to in the world.
Some things are never forgotten.
Some things are perhaps not worth translating.
Some things are personal.
Some things are right and others are wrong.
Some things are sacred.
Some things are said at the end for emphasis.
Some things are very hard to translate.
Some things are worse than other things.
Some things aren't going to change.
Some things can never be forgiven.
Some things can't be changed.
Some things can't be done alone.
Some things can't be done at the last second.
Some things can't be explained.
Some things can't be fixed.
Some things can't be forgotten.
Some things can't be rushed.
Some things come easy to some people, and not to others. That's to be expected. I don't know why a lot of schools don't understand that, and try to treat all students the same.
Some things didn't work out.
Some things don't change.
Some things don't need to change.
Some things get more hideous, when you clean them.
Some things have got better, while other things have got worse.
Some things have improved; other things have worsened.
Some things in life are beyond our ability to control.
Some things in life are priceless, like joy.
Some things just can't be explained.
Some things just can't be fixed.
Some things just can't be translated.
Some things just don't make any sense.
Some things just don't matter.
Some things just happen.
Some things just never change.
Some things never change.
Some things never get old.
Some things on this earth will never be, no matter how much you wish for them.
Some things only God can forgive.
Some things resonate with me, while others don’t.
Some things should be left as is.
Some things should be simplified; others need more nuance.
Some things shouldn't be forgiven.
Some things shouldn't be forgotten.
Some things simply take time.
Some things take time to fix.
Some things that Tom told me aren't true.
Some things that were fine in the old days are seen as offensive now.
Some things were not adding up.
Some things were stolen from Tom's dressing room.
Some things will never change.
Some things with me would not exist.
Some things won't change.
Some things you can't change, no matter how unfair they are.
Some things you shouldn't even say jokingly.
Some think apple sauce is dumb and childish, but I like it a lot.
Some think it is a bad idea.
Some think it is based on love, others on control.
Some think teaching is an easy profession.
Some think that Algeria is ruled by a political mafia.
Some think that a belief in Santa Claus is on a par with belief in God.
Some think that disintegration is unavoidable in Algeria.
Some think that non-alcoholic beer is stupid.
Some think that now is a very convenient moment for the annexation of the Crimea and other regions of Ukraine to Russia.
Some think that the Berber language might die out.
Some think that the point is that people on the Lojban word contribution website should promote their own culture and not be proxy for other peoples' cultures. It looks like it's for the smart and rich.
Some think that too much intellectualizing will reduce their sexual vigour. It's like modern-day superstition.
Some think that we are not spiritually related.
Some think there are too many foreigners; I think there are too few.
Some think there are too many foreigners; I think there aren't enough.
Some thought him unkind.
Some tiles have come off the roof.
Some tiles have fallen off the roof.
Some time ago I was married. Now I don't have anymore any certainty.
Some time ago I was married. Now I don’t have anymore any certainty.
Some time had passed since the incident.
Some time has passed since then.
Some time later two prostitutes came to the king to have an argument settled.
Some time later, Ziri's lawyer showed up.
Some time later, they started to feel increasingly sad.
Some time passed before the fire was extinguished.
Some time passed, but I didn't get her return letter.
Some time passed, but I didn’t get her return letter.
Some toilets waste a lot of water every time they are flushed.
Some told of Esquimaux babies, all swaddled in furs, that are given a lump of whale blubber, instead of candy, and skewered on a stick, so that it will not swallow the tidbit, all at once, and choke.
Some tools need rubies before they work.
Some topics are timeless.
Some topics can be approached in various ways.
Some tourists have bad manners.
Some tourists visiting the city of Victoria in Canada are delighted at its hints of Britishness. Victoria has even aped London's famous double-decker buses as a mode of public transportation.
Some towns have gone from drought to flood in a day as heavy rain has fallen in New South Wales, and parts of Queensland.
Some traditional garments in the Philippines are made of linen and cotton; others are woven with fibres from banana or pineapple leaves or from the bark of a nettle plant.
Some traditions are dumb.
Some traditions are stupid.
Some trainee teachers can't cope with the recalcitrance of many pupils.
Some transgender people have trouble deciding which bathroom to go into.
Some translate while others denigrate.
Some translators changed Alice's name to Sonya or Anya, even though Alisa is a widespread Russian name.
Some translators changed Alice’s name to Sonya or Anya, even though Alisa is a widespread Russian name.
Some travel is required.
Some trees had weird symbols carved into them.
Some trees produce sprouts.
Some trees use chemicals for protection.
Some trees were charred by the flames, and a couple of trees were destroyed, but this rare species has survived Australia's bush fire crisis.
Some triple goddesses have the forms maiden, mother, and crone.
Some trips are unforgettable.
Some troops employed short-range anti-tank rockets and fired at the tracks, rear and top.
Some tropical birds are fabulously colored.
Some trousers shrink when they are washed for the first time.
Some trucks have been stuck here for four days.
Some truths are universal.
Some turtles have lived more than 100 years.
Some twins develop from two separate eggs that are fertilized at the same time. These babies are called fraternal twins. One can be a girl and the other a boy.
Some two and a half million Christmas lights, a 30 meter high artificial Christmas tree, and an ice skating trail have turned the Washington Nationals stadium into a glowing winter wonderland.
Some types of seaweed are edible and are low in fat and high in protein.
Some underpaid professors are also secretaries, and some overworked administrators are professors, but no administrator is a secretary.
Some unexpected difficulties have arisen.
Some us were allowed to stay.
Some users appear to be consistently irritated by the Algerian translator, regardless of his ongoing efforts to enhance the website's content.
Some users appear to be perpetually irritated by the Algerian translator, regardless of his ongoing efforts to enhance the website's content.
Some users of the website believe that restricting the number of example sentences an Algerian translator can contribute daily is the best solution to improve the quality of the website's content.
Some users of the website believe that restricting the number of example sentences an Algerian translator contributes daily will solve all the website's problems.
Some users on Tatoeba are in Tom's amen corner.
Some users seem to harbor frustration towards the Algerian translator, regardless of his continuous work to improve the website.
Some users seem to hold a perpetual sense of frustration towards the Algerian translator, regardless of his continuous work to improve the website's content.
Some variants exist.
Some vegetables are easily affected by ethylene, including asparagus, broccoli, cabbage and cucumbers.
Some vegetables can be eaten raw.
Some vegetables can be eaten without being cooked.
Some vegetables can be eaten without cooking them.
Some verbs are actives, others passives.
Some verbs have a fixed preposition.
Some verbs have irregular forms.
Some verbs in some languages can have up to one hundred different meanings.
Some very loud music interrupted their conversation.
Some very old beliefs are part of our world.
Some very recent German converts to Judaism are related to German Christians.
Some viewers complain of headaches and eyestrain after watching 3D films.
Some villagers defied a coronavirus curfew to join the navy and coast guard, wading into the breaking surf to push the small whales back into the water.
Some villains are more sinister than others.
Some vineyards still choose to irrigate using underground water sources.
Some viruses are wonderful magnified.
Some visitors had recently arrived by plane, wheeling luggage with baggage claim tags.
Some visitors might enjoy riding bicycles through Shark Valley. Others might want to take it more slowly. The boardwalk walking trail goes right over the slow-moving water. Visitors can take a close look at insects and other wildlife.
Some voters are ignorant.
Some voters are misinformed.
Some voters waited hours to vote.
Some walked, others cycled.
Some wasps are skilled architects.
Some water spilled out of the bucket.
Some water was found in the dead man's lungs.
Some water was found in the dead man’s lungs.
Some water was poured on my head.
Some water was spilled on my room's floor.
Some water, please.
Some waves can be dangerous.
Some way within the limits of the stretch of landscape, points of light like the topaz gleamed.
Some wealthy people don't pay their fair share in taxes.
Some wear masks while others do not.
Some weather forecasters predicted a hurricane.
Some weekends were busy.
Some well-known scientists say that study is flawed.
Some well-meaning people think that those who are depressed should just pull their socks up and get on with life.
Some went on foot, and others by bicycle.
Some went on foot, others by bicycle.
Some went on foot, others by bike.
Some were already a bit drunk.
Some were farmers, some were hunters.
Some were in their cars for over ten hours.
Some were injured and others were killed in the accident.
Some were late.
Some were lynched.
Some were never completed.
Some were playing tennis on the court.
Some were playing tennis on the tennis court.
Some were pretty badly burned.
Some were rich, others poor.
Some were talking to the people they were with, others were talking on their cell phones.
Some were under the impression that the judges had not chosen wisely.
Some were unwilling to fight.
Some wetlands, such as mangrove swamps, provide important coastal protection against storms and erosion.
Some wetlands, such as peat bogs, store large amounts of organic carbon, which can help to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Some whales travel thousands of miles to reach their breeding grounds.
Some wild animals are on the brink of extinction.
Some wild animals are on the verge of extinction.
Some wild cats live under my neighbor's house.
Some wild cats live under my neighbor’s house.
Some wild mushrooms are deadly poisonous.
Some will be wearing new shoes next year.
Some will be wearing new uniforms next year.
Some will be wearing new watches next year.
Some will gain, others will lose.
Some will never learn.
Some will resort to violence to destroy linguistic diversity.
Some will say I'm somewhat late in making my mind up, but: better late than never.
Some windows are still open.
Some windows slipped loose of their frames.
Some windows were open.
Some wise guy left the milk out of the refrigerator all night.
Some wise man has said life consists of one disappointment after another.
Some woman called you.
Some woman.
Some women are attracted to men who wear uniforms.
Some women are bad.
Some women are quick at figures.
Some women are taller than men.
Some women are very dangerous.
Some women don't prefer information, which they may think is just boring, and do prefer to rely on intuition, in which they may not be proficient.
Some women don't shave their legs.
Some women don't wear bras.
Some women enjoy anal sex, others not.
Some women find that look attractive.
Some women have a mustache.
Some women have to do that, don't they?
Some women know what they want from an early age.
Some women longed to have the right to vote.
Some women look more masculine than feminine.
Some women love their husband so much, that, in order not to wear him out too much, they borrow their friends' husbands.
Some women might buy a dress like that, but I wouldn't.
Some women prefer white collar professionals.
Some women should never give birth.
Some women spend hours putting on makeup. Others just smile.
Some women take medications to fatten up quickly.
Some women tell their hairdressers about all their problems.
Some women think bald-headed men are sexy.
Some women think they can live without men, but the truth is, men can live without women.
Some words are hard to define.
Some words are hardly ever used.
Some words are inherently funny.
Some words are pronounced the same, but written differently.
Some words are very rarely used.
Some words are written differently, but pronounced the same.
Some words don't exist on Tatoeba.
Some words don't have a direct translation in all the languages.
Some words have double meanings.
Some words should be written separate.
Some words should be written separately.
Some work is fast and some work is slow.
Some work quickly and some work slowly.
Some workers don't even earn a living wage.
Some works have several titles.
Some would say that "matter" is a mental construct we created to describe some of the things we perceive and interact with.
Some would say that he's playing with fire.
Some wounds never heal.
Some wounds time never heals.
Some writers go by pseudonyms.
Some wrote comedies, while others wrote tragedies.
Some years ago, having viewed the snowy Inuit film "Atanarjuat: The Fast Runner," I gravitated more to my syncretic Animist-Buddhist cosmology.
Some years ago, large ships were sent towards the North Pole, to explore the distant coasts, and to try how far men could penetrate into those unknown regions.
Some years ago, learning that one had tuberculosis amounted to hearing a sentence of death.
Some years ago, the presenter was suspended from appearing on TV for admitting being a marijuana user and denying her crime in an interview.
Some years ago, we were among the best and now, we're among the last.
Some years ago—never mind how long precisely—having little or no money in my purse, and nothing particular to interest me on shore, I thought I would sail about a little and see the watery part of the world.
Some years from now, maybe AI, Artificial Intelligence, will treat us humans like cats and dogs.
Some years from now, people will say the last great war was over a hundred years ago.
Some years of peace that had ended in an instant with one of those terribly frightening screams resurfaced in his mind. Their details, however minute, came back to his memory with such intensity that even reality no longer seemed as "real".
Some years, like some poets, and politicians and some lovely women, are singled out for fame far beyond the common lot, and 1929 was clearly such a year.
Some yob kicked a ball at my head.
Some young German adults have been defying the lockdown and holding so-called "corona parties."
Some young Japanese people prefer being single to being married.
Some young Koreans express more sexual ambiguity in their avant-garde clothing.
Some young Koreans express more sexual ambiguity in their music videos.
Some young bachelors don't even know how to cook.
Some young people today are none the wiser for their university education.
Some young women are attracted to bad boys.
Some young women are attracted to gang members because it looks exciting to them.
Somebody I didn't know called me yesterday.
Somebody answered.
Somebody asked Tom to do that.
Somebody asked Tom to give Mary some money.
Somebody asked me a question about Tom.
Somebody ate all the biscuits.
Somebody ate all the cookies.
Somebody ate my Easter egg.
Somebody attacked Tom.
Somebody attacked her.
Somebody attacked him.
Somebody attacked me.
Somebody bought me a new water filter.
Somebody bought me a new water purifier.
Somebody break them up!
Somebody broke in here last night.
Somebody broke into Tom's house a couple of nights ago.
Somebody broke into Tom's house last night.
Somebody broke into Tom's house while he was asleep.
Somebody broke into Tom's house.
Somebody broke into Tom's office last night.
Somebody broke into my apartment.
Somebody broke into my house last night and stole my shotgun.
Somebody broke into my locker.
Somebody broke into our house last night.
Somebody broke into our house.
Somebody brought them a new carpet.
Somebody burnt my treehouse.
Somebody call a doctor.
Somebody call an ambulance!
Somebody called Hanry wants to see you.
Somebody called Tom wants to see you.
Somebody called my name in the dark.
Somebody called the police.
Somebody called.
Somebody called. Guess who?
Somebody came in.
Somebody came into our house and stole some stuff while we were asleep.
Somebody came into our house and stole some stuff while we were sleeping.
Somebody came to our house.
Somebody came to see me while I was out.
Somebody came to see you this morning.
Somebody came.
Somebody catch him!
Somebody catch that man!
Somebody caught me by the arm.
Somebody cited his junk theory in an actual medical journal.
Somebody could be watching us.
Somebody could exchange a sheep or a horse, for example, for anything in the marketplace that they considered to be of equal value.
Somebody could get hurt.
Somebody could have followed us, I suppose.
Somebody could see us.
Somebody could've followed us, I suppose.
Somebody crashed into me on my way home yesterday.
Somebody cut the brakes.
Somebody cut us off.
Somebody deflated the tires of Tom's car.
Somebody did that already.
Somebody died in that house.
Somebody does that for me.
Somebody drank my beer.
Somebody dropped the ball.
Somebody drove by our house and yelled, "Faggot commies!"
Somebody drove by the house yelling "Cocksuckers!" in the middle of the night.
Somebody else could get hurt.
Somebody else is here.
Somebody else might get hurt.
Somebody else will do that for you.
Somebody else's life is not a conversation piece.
Somebody entered the room.
Somebody explain to me what's going on here.
Somebody farted in the elevator.
Somebody followed me.
Somebody forced open the door.
Somebody forced the door open.
Somebody forged my signature.
Somebody forgot to lock the door.
Somebody gave Tom a car.
Somebody gave Tom a ticket.
Somebody gave a ticket to Tom.
Somebody gave you something.
Somebody got there before us.
Somebody had already been in there.
Somebody had drowned her in the bathtub.
Somebody had opened the window.
Somebody had to do it, so I volunteered.
Somebody had to do it.
Somebody had to do something about it.
Somebody had to do something.
Somebody had to do that.
Somebody had to tell Tom the truth.
Somebody has been eating in the meeting room.
Somebody has been following me.
Somebody has been sleeping on this sofa.
Somebody has been spying on us.
Somebody has broken into my house.
Somebody has broken the mirror.
Somebody has broken this dish.
Somebody has confessed to the crime that Tom is in prison for.
Somebody has deflated the tires of Tom's car.
Somebody has died.
Somebody has done that already.
Somebody has got to tell Tom what to do.
Somebody has left his bag on the bench.
Somebody has left his hat.
Somebody has left the window open.
Somebody has let you down again.
Somebody has poisoned our dog.
Somebody has put a spell on Layla.
Somebody has ransacked my room.
Somebody has spray painted a message on the wall.
Somebody has stolen my bag.
Somebody has stolen my hair dryer.
Somebody has stolen my money.
Somebody has stolen my suitcase.
Somebody has to be held accountable for his death.
Somebody has to be here for Tom.
Somebody has to be responsible.
Somebody has to do it.
Somebody has to do something.
Somebody has to do that.
Somebody has to finish this job.
Somebody has to go first.
Somebody has to go for help.
Somebody has to help Tom.
Somebody has to hurry and quickly drive her to the hospital.
Somebody has to make Tom do that.
Somebody has to pay for it.
Somebody has to pick Tom up.
Somebody has to pick up Tom.
Somebody has to speak up.
Somebody has to stay here and look after Tom.
Somebody has to stay here to look after Tom.
Somebody has to stop Tom.
Somebody has to stop her.
Somebody has to stop him.
Somebody has to stop them.
Somebody has to stop you.
Somebody has to take over.
Somebody has to take the blame.
Somebody has to talk.
Somebody has to tell Tom not to do that.
Somebody has to tell Tom the truth.
Somebody has to tell Tom to do that.
Somebody has to tell Tom what happened.
Somebody has to tell Tom what to do.
Somebody has to try to stop Tom from doing that.
Somebody has written to me.
Somebody have the guts to admit that these vuvuzelas are killing the tournament.
Somebody help me.
Somebody helped to create this unbelievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive. Somebody invested in roads and bridges. If you've got a business, you didn't build that.
Somebody here has to know where Tom and Mary are.
Somebody here has to know where Tom is.
Somebody hit Yanni in those areas.
Somebody hit me.
Somebody informs against Tom.
Somebody informs on Tom.
Somebody intervened.
Somebody invited me to have sex and I agreed.
Somebody is at the door.
Somebody is blackmailing me.
Somebody is calling you from the gate.
Somebody is chasing me.
Somebody is eating.
Somebody is following me.
Somebody is following us.
Somebody is going to get killed.
Somebody is here to see you, Tom.
Somebody is hiding behind the curtain.
Somebody is in a bad mood.
Somebody is in our garage.
Somebody is knocking on the door. It must be Tom.
Somebody is looking for you.
Somebody is lying here.
Somebody is or was here.
Somebody is playing the piano.
Somebody is playing the piano. It must be Ann.
Somebody is selling something to someone for some price.
Somebody is shouting my name.
Somebody is spying on us.
Somebody is standing in front of his room.
Somebody is swimming in the river.
Somebody is trying to steal your car.
Somebody is waiting for Tom in the hall.
Somebody is waiting for Tom on the porch.
Somebody is waiting for Tom.
Somebody is waiting for us in the lobby.
Somebody is waiting for you in your office.
Somebody is waiting for you.
Somebody is watching Gunter.
Somebody is watching me.
Somebody is watching us.
Somebody is watching you.
Somebody isn't telling the truth here.
Somebody just called.
Somebody just shot Tom.
Somebody killed Tom today.
Somebody killed Tom.
Somebody killed her.
Somebody killed him.
Somebody killed them.
Somebody knocked at the door.
Somebody knocked me down.
Somebody knocked on Tom's door.
Somebody knocked on the door.
Somebody knows that.
Somebody knows.
Somebody laced my drink with something.
Somebody laid fresh flowers on Tom's grave.
Somebody laughed.
Somebody left a package here for you.
Somebody left a stroller in front of the store.
Somebody left his umbrella behind.
Somebody left the door open.
Somebody left the lights on.
Somebody left the windows open.
Somebody left their phone on the table.
Somebody left this for you.
Somebody left this note for you earlier.
Somebody loves everyone.
Somebody made a mistake.
Somebody messed up.
Somebody messed with my bike.
Somebody might have come along that way who would have asked him his trouble, and might have cheered him by saying that his notions were further advanced than those of his grammarian. But nobody did come, because nobody does; and under the crushing recognition of his gigantic error Jude continued to wish himself out of the world.
Somebody might stop me.
Somebody might stop us.
Somebody might stop you.
Somebody might've followed Tom.
Somebody might've followed her.
Somebody might've followed him.
Somebody might've followed me.
Somebody might've followed them.
Somebody might've followed us.
Somebody might've followed you.
Somebody might've overheard you talking to Tom.
Somebody might've overheard you.
Somebody might've overheard your conversation with Tom.
Somebody might've seen you.
Somebody missed the dog.
Somebody moved out in a hurry.
Somebody must be at the bottom of this affair.
Somebody must break the sad news to her mother.
Somebody must care for the patient.
Somebody must go with Tom.
Somebody must have done it.
Somebody must have followed us here.
Somebody must have made a mistake.
Somebody must have made some kind of mistake.
Somebody must have picked it up.
Somebody must have seen something.
Somebody must have seen what happened.
Somebody must have stolen your watch.
Somebody must have taken your umbrella by mistake.
Somebody must've followed us here.
Somebody must've left it there.
Somebody must've left the door open.
Somebody must've left the water running.
Somebody must've made a mistake.
Somebody must've made some kind of mistake.
Somebody must've picked it up.
Somebody must've seen something.
Somebody must've seen what happened.
Somebody must've stolen my credit card.
Somebody must've stolen your watch.
Somebody must've taken your umbrella by mistake.
Somebody needs a good spanking.
Somebody needs to be here for the children.
Somebody needs to finish the job.
Somebody needs to fix these problems.
Somebody needs to go with Tom.
Somebody needs to hire Tom.
Somebody needs to set Tom straight.
Somebody needs to stop you.
Somebody needs to tell Tom not to do that.
Somebody needs to tell Tom the truth.
Somebody needs to tell Tom to do that.
Somebody needs to tell Tom what happened.
Somebody needs to tell Tom what to do.
Somebody needs to wash the dishes.
Somebody on the subway stabbed Tom.
Somebody opened the door.
Somebody other than Tom did that.
Somebody ought to talk to Tom.
Somebody ought to talk to her.
Somebody ought to talk to him.
Somebody ought to talk to them.
Somebody ought to tell Tom the truth.
Somebody paged Ziri.
Somebody pinch me!
Somebody please help me.
Somebody poisoned Tom.
Somebody poisoned her.
Somebody poisoned him.
Somebody poisoned me.
Somebody poisoned them.
Somebody poisoned us.
Somebody pushed Tom down the stairs.
Somebody pushed me in.
Somebody put it there.
Somebody rang the bell.
Somebody sabotaged this plane.
Somebody sang.
Somebody saw you.
Somebody say something.
Somebody seems to have already cleaned this room.
Somebody seems to have done that already.
Somebody seems to have done that for us already.
Somebody sent us a gift.
Somebody set Tom up.
Somebody set fire to the house.
Somebody set him up.
Somebody set the fire.
Somebody should check to see if Tom is OK.
Somebody should check up on Tom.
Somebody should defend Tom.
Somebody should do something.
Somebody should explain to Tom how to behave.
Somebody should have told Tom that he was doing that the wrong way.
Somebody should know.
Somebody should make a movie out of this.
Somebody should put Tom in his place.
Somebody should relieve Tom.
Somebody should say hello.
Somebody should say something.
Somebody should teach her a lesson.
Somebody should tell Tom about tomorrow's meeting.
Somebody should tell Tom how to behave.
Somebody should tell Tom the truth.
Somebody should tell Tom what to do.
Somebody should tell off that rude man.
Somebody should throw them all out.
Somebody should've told Mary that she was doing that the wrong way.
Somebody should've told Tom and Mary that they were doing that the wrong way.
Somebody should've told Tom that he was doing that the wrong way.
Somebody shouted my name.
Somebody somewhere must have said that.
Somebody somewhere must've said that.
Somebody spent a lot of money to decorate this place.
Somebody spiked my drink.
Somebody spilled milk.
Somebody stepped on his foot.
Somebody stole Tom's euphonium.
Somebody stole Tom's laptop.
Somebody stole Tom's wallet.
Somebody stole Ziri's cookies.
Somebody stole it from me.
Somebody stole my Berber dictionary.
Somebody stole my bag.
Somebody stole my bicycle yesterday.
Somebody stole my bicycle.
Somebody stole my bike.
Somebody stole my camera.
Somebody stole my car.
Somebody stole my lunch.
Somebody stole my money.
Somebody stole my suitcase.
Somebody stole my umbrella.
Somebody stole my wallet.
Somebody stole my watch.
Somebody stole the Christmas tree from Tom.
Somebody stole the hubcaps off my car.
Somebody stole what they must've thought was a valuable package off my porch, but it was actually full of rocks and rigged with a glitter bomb.
Somebody stop this nightmare.
Somebody swiped my bag.
Somebody texted Ziri.
Somebody that I didn't know called me yesterday.
Somebody thought that a grey teddy bear could symbolize my Animism-Buddhism.
Somebody threw a brick through my window.
Somebody tipped off the gang members to the police surveillance.
Somebody tipped off the police.
Somebody told Tom the truth.
Somebody told her the whole truth.
Somebody told him.
Somebody told me Tom and Mary have moved to Boston.
Somebody told me Tom had moved to Boston.
Somebody told me Tom has moved to Australia.
Somebody told me Tom has moved to Boston.
Somebody told me Tom now lives in Australia.
Somebody told me Tom now lives in Boston.
Somebody told me Tom was allergic to wheat.
Somebody told me that I shouldn't trust you.
Somebody told me that Tom had moved to Boston.
Somebody told me that Tom has moved to Australia.
Somebody told me that Tom now lives in Australia.
Somebody told me that Tom now lives in Boston.
Somebody told me that Tom was allergic to wheat.
Somebody told me that man's name was Tom.
Somebody told me that the boy is deaf.
Somebody told me that today's test was identical to the one we had last year.
Somebody told me that today’s test was identical to the one we had last year.
Somebody told me that you'd died.
Somebody told me you died.
Somebody told me you had a boyfriend.
Somebody told me you had a girlfriend.
Somebody told me you'd died.
Somebody took a shot at Tom.
Somebody took a shot at her.
Somebody took a shot at him.
Somebody took a shot at me.
Somebody took a shot at them.
Somebody took a shot at us.
Somebody took away my bag.
Somebody touched me.
Somebody tried to blow up our office building.
Somebody tried to kill Tom.
Somebody tried to kill her.
Somebody tried to kill him.
Somebody tried to kill me.
Somebody tried to kill them.
Somebody tried to kill us.
Somebody tried to kill you.
Somebody tried to steal Tom's dog.
Somebody up there loves me.
Somebody wanted to kill me.
Somebody wanted to kill you.
Somebody wanted to scare you.
Somebody wants a haircut.
Somebody wants to kill me.
Somebody wants to kill you.
Somebody wants to send a message.
Somebody wants to talk to you.
Somebody was calling my name.
Somebody was chasing me.
Somebody was in Lorenzo's apartment.
Somebody was in here.
Somebody was in the car with Layla.
Somebody was in the car with Tom.
Somebody was in the house.
Somebody was knocking on my door, waking me from a deep sleep.
Somebody was murdered in that forest, and their ghost still haunts it.
Somebody was murdered.
Somebody was satisfied.
Somebody was shooting a gun.
Somebody was talking to Tom just a few minutes ago.
Somebody was talking to Tom.
Somebody was talking to her.
Somebody was talking to him.
Somebody was talking to them.
Somebody was trying to break in.
Somebody was with Tom.
Somebody whispered Tom's name.
Somebody who wavers between hope and fear over superficial things should not be appointed to a management position.
Somebody will actually have to do that.
Somebody will do that.
Somebody will have to finish this job.
Somebody will have to help Tom do that.
Somebody will have to help Tom.
Somebody will have to stand watch.
Somebody will have to tell Tom.
Somebody will probably do that tomorrow.
Somebody will see us.
Somebody wrote my name on the wall.
Somebody wrote notes in the margins of this library book.
Somebody's at the back door.
Somebody's at the door.
Somebody's at the front door.
Somebody's been here.
Somebody's behind you.
Somebody's breathing on my face. It's disgusting.
Somebody's calling my name.
Somebody's coming up the stairs.
Somebody's coming.
Somebody's elbow touched my back.
Somebody's following me.
Somebody's following us.
Somebody's going to die.
Somebody's going to get hurt.
Somebody's going to notice you.
Somebody's going to pay.
Somebody's got to do it.
Somebody's got to do something.
Somebody's got to do that.
Somebody's got to stay with you.
Somebody's got to talk to Tom.
Somebody's got to talk to her.
Somebody's got to talk to him.
Somebody's got to talk to them.
Somebody's got to tell Tom what to do.
Somebody's having a good day.
Somebody's here.
Somebody's in a good mood.
Somebody's in here.
Somebody's in trouble.
Somebody's inside the house.
Somebody's knocking at the door.
Somebody's knocking at your door.
Somebody's listening.
Somebody's made a mistake.
Somebody's on the porch!
Somebody's parked their car in my parking space.
Somebody's sensitive.
Somebody's shouting for help.
Somebody's singing.
Somebody's sleeping on the floor tonight.
Somebody's standing at the gate.
Somebody's stolen my bicycle.
Somebody's taken Tom's place.
Somebody's trying to kill me.
Somebody's waiting for you outside.
Somebody's waiting for you.
Somebody's waiting in your office.
Somebody's waiting outside.
Somebody's waiting to see us.
Somebody's watching us.
Somebody's watching you.
Somebody's yanking my chain.
Somebody, come help me.
Somebody, help me, please.
Somebody, open this door, please.
Somebody’s at the porch!
Somebody’s breathing on my face. It’s disgusting.
Somebody’s elbow touched my back.
Someday I hope I can do this as well as you.
Someday I hope that I can speak French as well as you speak English.
Someday I want to meet my girlfriend.
Someday I will build a house for her parents.
Someday I will buy a cotton candy machine.
Someday I will go to your country.
Someday I will repay him for looking down on me.
Someday I'd like to go to Australia.
Someday I'd like to go to England.
Someday I'll beat you.
Someday I'll buy a cotton candy machine.
Someday I'll explain why I did that.
Someday I'll find you.
Someday I'll go to outer space, just like my dad.
Someday I'll have all this.
Someday I'll run like the wind.
Someday I'll tell you how it all happened.
Someday I'll travel all around the galaxy, in a giant bucket.
Someday I’d like to go to England.
Someday I’ll run like the wind.
Someday Tom will realize that.
Someday a real rain will come and wash all this scum off the streets.
Someday it may be pleasing to recall even these moments.
Someday my dream will come true.
Someday my dreams will come true.
Someday planned obsolescence will be illegal in every nation.
Someday she'll have to pay for what she's done.
Someday she’ll have to pay for what she’s done.
Someday someone will stand on the Martian landscape and take a picture of Earth in the night sky.
Someday the USA will elect a woman president, and it won't be pretty.
Someday the new research work will be completed.
Someday the truth will come out.
Someday we will be able to go on a voyage to Mars.
Someday we will learn.
Someday we'll all meet again.
Someday we'll know the truth.
Someday we'll meet again.
Someday you should give it a try.
Someday you will die.
Someday you will understand everything.
Someday you'll die.
Someday you'll forget about me.
Someday you'll know the truth!
Someday you'll meet someone else.
Someday you'll meet the right person for you.
Someday you'll regret this.
Someday you'll tell the story of your life to someone you trust.
Someday you'll thank me for this.
Someday you'll understand everything.
Someday you'll wear a fur hat and play the drums in an indie rock band.
Someday your dream will come true.
Someday you’ll regret this.
Someday, I want to be a jeweler and make sapphire, emerald, ruby and diamond rings and necklaces.
Someday, I want to have my own store and make delicious food for my customers.
Someday, I will die, but I do not know when that day will be.
Someday, I would like to possess a sailboat.
Someday, I'll defeat you.
Someday, I'll find out who my real parents are.
Someday, I'll have to do that.
Someday, I'll know.
Someday, I'll need to do that.
Someday, I'll voice the battles I keep fighting in silence.
Someday, I'm going to be famous enough to be on the cover of magazines. You'll see.
Someday, I'm going to have to do that.
Someday, Ziri will catch Rima cheating.
Someday, Ziri will see Rima with Yazid.
Someday, a bright future awaits us.
Someday, after mastering the winds, the waves, the tides and gravity, we shall harness for God the energies of love, and then, for a second time in the history of the world, man will have discovered fire.
Someday, all the good people will unite and kill all the bad ones, and then the bright future will come.
Someday, all this will be yours.
Someday, all this will become Tom's.
Someday, all this will become yours.
Someday, dear language learner, you must stop poring over IPA charts and start listening to people.
Someday, everything will just end for you. The curtains will go down. The illusory show will finish.
Someday, it will happen.
Someday, perhaps, all peoples will live in peace.
Someday, soon.
Someday, the USA will elect its first woman president, and it will rejoice in the long overdue occasion.
Someday, the time will come where you understand.
Someday, we'll know.
Someday, you'll face the consequences of your actions.
Someday, you'll understand.
Someday, you'll wake up and find yourself dead.
Someday, you’ll wake up and find yourself dead.
Somehow I accidentally activated it.
Somehow I believe you.
Somehow I can't picture Tom living in Australia.
Somehow I can't picture Tom living in Boston.
Somehow I can't picture Tom working as a bartender.
Somehow I cannot settle down to work.
Somehow I don't have enough carbs in my system to do any deep thinking.
Somehow I doubt it.
Somehow I get the feeling we haven't seen the last of Tom.
Somehow I get the feeling we haven't seen the last of that Tom.
Somehow I got Irn-Bru confused with Buckfast.
Somehow I have taken a fancy to that girl.
Somehow I just can't accept that.
Somehow I just can't work up any desire to study.
Somehow I just can’t accept that.
Somehow I just don't feel like hurrying. I have enough time.
Somehow I just don’t feel like hurrying. I have enough time.
Somehow I knew this would be Ziri.
Somehow I knew you'd be the one to do that.
Somehow I managed to grab the zip behind my dress to pull it down.
Somehow I slept all day today.
Somehow I think you're right.
Somehow I thought you'd say that.
Somehow I thought you’d say that.
Somehow I understand Chinese.
Somehow I'm not convinced.
Somehow Tom doesn't seem to be Mary's type.
Somehow Tom managed to get away with it.
Somehow a bat flew into my house through the window.
Somehow he managed to work his way through college.
Somehow it's been a rough day.
Somehow it’s been a rough day.
Somehow or other I found his house.
Somehow she tore her labia.
Somehow the pitcher always proves a tough customer to me.
Somehow the silent snow, the waning traffic, the oncoming twilight, combined into a sense of ominous portent.
Somehow the woman got stuck between her car door and something in the driveway.
Somehow they made it all work.
Somehow today my throat has become dry and I can't stand it. Since the morning all I have been drinking is water.
Somehow we found out that the inhabitants of the barracks go out into the fresh air every day.
Somehow we managed to survive.
Somehow we survived.
Somehow you don't sound too good today. Is anything the matter?
Somehow you must find a way to finish this work in one month.
Somehow, I feel that we're all connected to each other.
Somehow, I knew you would make it.
Somehow, I must have given you the false impression that I cared.
Somehow, Tom knew.
Somehow, Tom returned.
Somehow, Tom's behavior is mysterious.
Somehow, Yanni's dumb idea worked.
Somehow, Ziri found out.
Somehow, Ziri made do.
Somehow, Ziri managed to fall asleep.
Somehow, a nearly bankrupt third-party publisher flashed the new Castlevania game onto the memory incompletely. As a result, an entire generation of kids in Macon, Georgia unanimously condemned it as "Simon Does Nothing but Fall into a Bottomless Pit."
Somehow, all those reasons sound rather far fetched.
Somehow, everything always seems to lead back to Tom.
Somehow, everything will work out.
Somehow, he saved himself.
Somehow, he weaseled himself out of jury duty.
Somehow, her boyfriend found out.
Somehow, his girlfriend found out.
Somehow, we have to stop them.
Somehow, what we say always reveals what we feel.
Somehow, you look different today.
Someone I can't stand lent me that book, funny enough.
Someone I didn't know called me yesterday.
Someone accompanied me.
Someone advised me to trust in God. I ask: What did he mean by that?
Someone always finds the time.
Someone always finds time.
Someone always sees through their disguises.
Someone always speaks.
Someone among them wants to hug you.
Someone anchored my boat.
Someone answered.
Someone apparently didn't want us here.
Someone apparently poisoned Tom's cats.
Someone as dumb as you is useless, no matter how hard they try.
Someone asked Tom to do that.
Someone asked Tom to give Mary some money.
Someone asked Tom to give a speech.
Someone asked about Boston.
Someone asked about Texas.
Someone asked another, "Why are you looking at me?" The other replied: "And you, how did you manage to see me?"
Someone asked for you.
Someone asked him.
Someone asked me for French help.
Someone asked me to give this to you.
Someone asked me to write something about the gut, but that topic scares me.
Someone asked me where I get the energy from. Black tea with honey and milk! It gets me through the day.
Someone asked you something.
Someone assaulted Tom.
Someone at last said what everyone had been thinking.
Someone at work ate my lunch.
Someone ate all my cupcakes.
Someone ate all the biscuits from the biscuit barrel.
Someone ate all the biscuits.
Someone ate all the cookies from the cookie jar.
Someone ate all the cookies.
Someone ate it.
Someone ate my food.
Someone attacked Tom.
Someone attacked her.
Someone attacked him.
Someone attacked me.
Someone attacked the police officer.
Someone attacked them.
Someone attacked us.
Someone beat me to the draw!
Someone began to follow Mary.
Someone began to follow Tom.
Someone began to play the piano in the otherwise empty hall.
Someone behind Antonio giggled.
Someone betrayed us.
Someone blocked me on TikTok.
Someone blocked the sun and when John looked up, he was surprised to see Jessica, fuming.
Someone broke all the bus shelter windows.
Someone broke in last night and stole food from our kitchen.
Someone broke in while he was asleep.
Someone broke into Mary's apartment and stole some of her jewelry.
Someone broke into Mary's flat and stole her jewellery.
Someone broke into Tom's house a couple of nights ago.
Someone broke into Tom's house last night.
Someone broke into Tom's house while he was asleep.
Someone broke into Tom's office last night.
Someone broke into my apartment last night.
Someone broke into my apartment.
Someone broke into my car and stole my guitar.
Someone broke into my car.
Someone broke into my house and ran away with all of my money.
Someone broke into my house last night and stole my shotgun.
Someone broke into my house last weekend.
Someone broke into my house yesterday.
Someone broke into my house.
Someone broke into my locker.
Someone broke into my office and stole some important documents.
Someone broke into my office.
Someone broke into my room and stole my wallet.
Someone broke into our apartment while we were on vacation.
Someone broke into our apartment.
Someone broke into our house last night.
Someone broke into our house while we were asleep.
Someone broke into our house while we were sleeping.
Someone broke into our house.
Someone broke my camera.
Someone broke the lock and stole my bike.
Someone broke the window.
Someone broke the windscreen of my new car.
Someone brought it to Tom.
Someone brought it to him.
Someone brought you something.
Someone burnt papers in the fireplace.
Someone call a doctor!
Someone called 911.
Someone called Mr Dell is waiting for you in your office, Mrs Stevens.
Someone called Tom.
Someone called her.
Someone called him.
Someone called my name.
Someone called on her yesterday.
Someone called on you ten minutes ago.
Someone called the cops.
Someone called them.
Someone called you ten minutes ago.
Someone called.
Someone came in his classroom and flashed a picture and he wasn't very happy about that.
Someone came in.
Someone came into our house and stole some stuff while we were asleep.
Someone came into our house and stole some stuff while we were sleeping.
Someone came onto me in the fair. My arm still hurts.
Someone came out of that room just a minute ago.
Someone came out.
Someone came ten minutes ago.
Someone came.
Someone came?
Someone can see us here.
Someone caught me by the arm.
Someone cited his junk theory in an actual medical journal.
Someone cleaned my room while I was gone.
Someone cleared it up for him.
Someone climbed in through the window.
Someone close the door.
Someone close the window.
Someone close the windows.
Someone commited suicide.
Someone coughed once.
Someone coughed.
Someone could be hurt.
Someone could be watching us.
Someone could fall into that hole.
Someone could get hurt doing this.
Someone could get hurt.
Someone could get seriously hurt.
Someone could have followed us, I suppose.
Someone could see us.
Someone could walk in here any minute.
Someone could've followed us, I suppose.
Someone crashed into me on my way home yesterday.
Someone cut the rope.
Someone deflated all the wheels on Tom's car.
Someone deleted my comment.
Someone demanded it.
Someone did that already.
Someone did this.
Someone didn't translate it correctly.
Someone didn't turn off the tap.
Someone didn't turn the tap off.
Someone died.
Someone docked my boat.
Someone does that for me.
Someone doesn't forget their first love.
Someone drank from my glass again.
Someone drank my beer.
Someone dropped something.
Someone dropped this.
Someone drove by our house and yelled, "Faggot commies!"
Someone drove by the house yelling "Cocksuckers!" in the middle of the night.
Someone else could have sent these messages.
Someone else could've sent these messages.
Someone else has joined.
Someone else is here.
Someone else is in the bunker.
Someone else might want your old desk if you don't want it any more.
Someone else might want your old desk if you don't want it anymore.
Someone else must have opened it.
Someone else must have seen what happened, too.
Someone else must have seen what happened.
Someone else must've opened it.
Someone else must've seen what happened, too.
Someone else must've seen what happened.
Someone else profits from the situation.
Someone else told Tom. It wasn't me.
Someone else took my suitcase.
Someone else was in David's room.
Someone else was with me.
Someone else will do that for you.
Someone else's life is not a conversation piece.
Someone entered the room.
Someone entered.
Someone explained it to Tom.
Someone famous said that imagination is more important than intelligence.
Someone fell into the waterhole.
Someone fell overboard.
Someone finally called 911.
Someone fixed the house.
Someone followed me.
Someone forced open the door.
Someone forced the door open.
Someone forced you to do that, right?
Someone forged my signature.
Someone forgot a bag on the bench.
Someone forgot their cap in our office.
Someone forgot their hat.
Someone found your mobile phone in the street outside.
Someone found your mobile phone outside in the street.
Someone from Australia is talking to Tom.
Someone from Australia is visiting Tom.
Someone gave Tom a car.
Someone gave Tom a ticket.
Someone gave Tom the wrong directions.
Someone gave a ticket to Tom.
Someone gave her a car.
Someone gave him a car.
Someone gave me Tom's number.
Someone gave me this.
Someone gave the criminal away to the police.
Someone gave them a car.
Someone gave this to me when I was homeless years ago.
Someone gave you something.
Someone go turn it off.
Someone got a tan.
Someone got banned from Twitter for saying "Elon Musk should pay taxes," but Musk thinks that people should be allowed to debate genocide of various groups.
Someone got out of the truck.
Someone grabbed Claudio's shoulder tight.
Someone grabbed John from behind and everything went dark.
Someone grabbed me by the arm.
Someone grabbed me from behind.
Someone hacked into my account and changed the password.
Someone hacked my account.
Someone had broken Sherlock Holmes' magnifying glass.
Someone had definitely spiked Tom's drink, because he could no longer stand up and the next morning he could remember nothing.
Someone had put up a notice about new parking rules.
Someone had to be blamed.
Someone had to do it, so I volunteered.
Someone had to do that.
Someone had to stop you.
Someone had to tell Tom the truth.
Someone handed me a note when I entered the gate.
Someone has been deleting my sentences.
Someone has been following me.
Someone has been here before us.
Someone has been here.
Someone has been in my room.
Someone has been on the ship before Gunter.
Someone has been sleeping on the sofa.
Someone has been spying on us.
Someone has been stabbed.
Someone has been stealing my sentences.
Someone has been throwing beer bottles over the fence and into my back yard.
Someone has brought us some grapes.
Someone has come.
Someone has confessed to the crime that Tom is in prison for.
Someone has cut Rima's Shawi dress up.
Someone has cut my kite string.
Someone has definitely left the door open.
Someone has died.
Someone has disturbed all my papers.
Someone has done that already.
Someone has done that.
Someone has drunk my beer.
Someone has eaten all the biscuits from the biscuit barrel.
Someone has eaten all the bread.
Someone has given me the cold.
Someone has gone off with important papers.
Someone has got to tell Tom what to do.
Someone has just phoned.
Someone has kidnapped Tom and Mary.
Someone has kidnapped my son.
Someone has killed Tom.
Someone has left a bag on the bench.
Someone has left the window open.
Someone has left their anorak hanging there.
Someone has left their cap.
Someone has moved Boris’s body.
Someone has perished.
Someone has pixelated the car's number plate in the photo.
Someone has poisoned Tom.
Someone has poisoned our dog.
Someone has probably left the door open.
Someone has ransacked the place.
Someone has ripped out the first three pages of this book.
Someone has robbed us of all our money during our absence.
Someone has rummaged through this drawer.
Someone has slept in this bed.
Someone has stolen Tom's guitar.
Someone has stolen all my money.
Someone has stolen my bag.
Someone has stolen my car.
Someone has stolen my flask.
Someone has stolen my money.
Someone has stolen my tennis racket.
Someone has stolen my traveller's cheques.
Someone has stolen our clothes.
Someone has swiped a pen from my desk.
Someone has taken all the money out of the safe.
Someone has taken my shoes by mistake.
Someone has to care for the patient.
Someone has to check this sentence.
Someone has to confront Tom.
Someone has to confront her.
Someone has to confront him.
Someone has to confront them.
Someone has to do it.
Someone has to do that.
Someone has to go with Tom.
Someone has to have seen something.
Someone has to have seen this.
Someone has to help Tom.
Someone has to help me.
Someone has to pay for it.
Someone has to pay for this.
Someone has to pay the bill.
Someone has to pay the price.
Someone has to pay.
Someone has to pick Tom up.
Someone has to put an end to this dog's torment.
Someone has to say the magic word.
Someone has to speak up.
Someone has to stop it.
Someone has to take care of Tom.
Someone has to tell Tom he should go on a diet.
Someone has to tell Tom not to do that.
Someone has to tell Tom the truth.
Someone has to tell Tom to do that.
Someone has to tell Tom what happened to Mary.
Someone has to tell Tom what happened.
Someone has to tell Tom what to do.
Someone has to tell Tom.
Someone has to tell her.
Someone has to tell him what happened.
Someone has to tell him.
Someone has to tell them.
Someone has torn two pages out of this book.
Someone has unplugged the washing machine.
Someone has walked off with my pencil.
Someone has warned Tom.
Someone hasn't translated it correctly.
Someone hasn't turned the tap off.
Someone help me, please.
Someone help me.
Someone here didn't turn off the faucet in the kitchen and now it's flooded.
Someone here just found his new favorite band.
Someone hit me on the back.
Someone hit me.
Someone important to society has passed away.
Someone in a black mask came up behind Rima and snatched her purse.
Someone in front of me was arguing with the inspector so I was able to pass unhindered.
Someone in the house has fainted. Please send an ambulance.
Someone in the huge crowd shouted a name I knew.
Someone in the huge crowd shouted a name I recognised.
Someone in this room needs a good deodorant.
Someone insulted Tom.
Someone invited me to a party, but I was too scared to go.
Someone is already there.
Someone is always on duty.
Someone is always there.
Someone is always watching.
Someone is at the door.
Someone is at the front door.
Someone is at the front door. Go and see who it is.
Someone is battering at the door.
Someone is better than no one.
Someone is blackmailing Tom.
Someone is calling for help.
Someone is calling from outside.
Someone is calling me.
Someone is calling me. It might be Adil.
Someone is calling you.
Someone is chasing me.
Someone is coming over.
Someone is coming round.
Someone is coming to visit tomorrow.
Someone is coming.
Someone is definitely lying.
Someone is definitely telling a lie.
Someone is definitely watching out for me and I feel very blessed!
Someone is dusting the futon outside.
Someone is eating something.
Someone is following me.
Someone is following us.
Someone is going to get fired. I hope it's not me.
Someone is going to get hurt.
Someone is going to get punished. I hope it isn't me.
Someone is going to have an awesome childhood.
Someone is going to notice.
Someone is going to pay for Donald's apartment for a year.
Someone is going to pay for this!
Someone is going to see you.
Someone is going to snap.
Someone is gonna be in for a big surprise.
Someone is guarding the entrance.
Someone is here to see you.
Someone is hiding behind the curtain.
Someone is hiding in the corner.
Someone is hiding in the cupboard.
Someone is impersonating Tom.
Someone is in the kitchen with Tom.
Someone is inside.
Someone is knocking at the door.
Someone is knocking at the door. It could be Tom.
Someone is knocking loudly at the door.
Someone is knocking on the door.
Someone is likely to be interested.
Someone is living there.
Someone is looking at me.
Someone is looking for a book.
Someone is looking for you.
Someone is lying.
Someone is making money somewhere.
Someone is not able to understand it.
Someone is not respected by anyone.
Someone is obviously telling a lie.
Someone is openly stealing my example sentences and this has to stop.
Someone is outside, walking around our tent.
Someone is outside.
Someone is playing a banjo over there.
Someone is playing the piano.
Someone is pulling your leg.
Someone is raking leaves outside.
Someone is ringing the bell, but I'm not expecting anyone this morning.
Someone is roaming around the house.
Someone is sad his crush doesn't like him back.
Someone is selling some delicious home-made lemonade on the village green.
Someone is shouting for help.
Someone is singing.
Someone is sitting there.
Someone is sleeping in my bed.
Someone is spying on me.
Someone is spying on us.
Someone is standing at the door.
Someone is standing at the gate.
Someone is standing behind the bushes taking pictures of us.
Someone is standing behind the wall.
Someone is stealing my sentences.
Someone is tapping at the door.
Someone is texting me.
Someone is trying to kill me.
Someone is trying to steal your car.
Someone is up.
Someone is waiting for Tom on the porch.
Someone is waiting for Tom.
Someone is waiting for me at home.
Someone is waiting for me.
Someone is waiting for us in the lobby.
Someone is waiting for you downstairs.
Someone is waiting for you in the lobby.
Someone is waiting for you in your office.
Someone is waiting for you upstairs.
Someone is waiting for you.
Someone is watching Tom.
Someone is watching her.
Someone is watching him.
Someone is watching them.
Someone is watching us.
Someone is watching you.
Someone is watching.
Someone is with Damiano.
Someone isn't telling the truth.
Someone just came in asking for Tom.
Someone just drove off in your car.
Someone just parachuted into the stadium.
Someone just ran out with the tip jar.
Someone just shot Tom.
Someone just turned off the lights.
Someone keyed the whole left side of my car!
Someone kicked me in the back.
Someone kicked my back.
Someone killed Gabriel.
Someone killed Tom in Boston.
Someone killed the neighbor's dog.
Someone knew we were coming.
Someone knocked me down.
Someone knocked on Tom's door.
Someone knocked on the door at midnight.
Someone knocked on the door to my room.
Someone knocked on the door.
Someone knocked on the front door.
Someone leaked the secret to the enemy.
Someone left a burning cigarette on the table.
Someone left a sign on my door.
Someone left a stroller in front of the store.
Someone left me a message.
Someone left me a voice mail but it was all garbled. I couldn't understand a thing.
Someone left me a voicemail when I wasn't at home.
Someone left the door open.
Someone left the lion's cage door are open, and the lion escaped.
Someone left the office window open.
Someone left the office windows open.
Someone left the water running.
Someone left the window open.
Someone left their bag on the bench.
Someone left their hat in our office.
Someone left their phone on the table.
Someone left their umbrella behind.
Someone left their umbrella in the hall.
Someone left this for you.
Someone left you a message.
Someone left.
Someone let me know when this nightmare is over.
Someone like that is destined to fail.
Someone like you can change the world.
Someone like you doesn't deserve this punishment.
Someone like you doesn't deserve to be in this place.
Someone like you won't be able to do that.
Someone liked my comment.
Someone liked my picture on Instagram.
Someone lives there.
Someone locked me in the room.
Someone looking for something to watch on TV might say, "There's nothing good on."
Someone looks funny without his beard.
Someone lost a wallet.
Someone loves the dog.
Someone loves us.
Someone made a mistake.
Someone made a threat to kill that politician.
Someone made this.
Someone may have to go help Tom.
Someone may try to kill me again.
Someone messed with Donald's truck.
Someone messed with my bike.
Someone messed with my stuff.
Someone might already be fed up with Tom.
Someone might be able to use it.
Someone might get hurt.
Someone might have helped her.
Someone might make a lot of mistakes, someone else not as many. But we all make mistakes!
Someone might see us.
Someone might stop us.
Someone might stop you.
Someone might think we're trying to steal this.
Someone might try to steal it.
Someone might visit you in the big house.
Someone might've helped Tom do that.
Someone might've helped Tom.
Someone might've seen you.
Someone motivate me!
Someone must be eating.
Someone must find a way to stop inflation.
Someone must go with Tom.
Someone must go.
Someone must have drugged Tom.
Someone must have left it there.
Someone must have left the door open.
Someone must have left the door unlocked.
Someone must have left the water running.
Someone must have left the window open.
Someone must have planted them.
Someone must have poisoned Tom.
Someone must have seen something.
Someone must have seen what happened.
Someone must have stolen your watch.
Someone must have taken my umbrella by mistake.
Someone must have taken your umbrella by mistake.
Someone must have told Tom by now.
Someone must have told Tom, but it wasn't me.
Someone must have told her, but it wasn't me.
Someone must have told him, but it wasn't me.
Someone must lead.
Someone must protect Tom.
Someone must've drugged Tom.
Someone must've left it there.
Someone must've left the door open.
Someone must've left the door unlocked.
Someone must've left the water running.
Someone must've left the window open.
Someone must've made some kind of mistake.
Someone must've planted them.
Someone must've poisoned Tom.
Someone must've seen something.
Someone must've seen what happened.
Someone must've stolen my credit card.
Someone must've stolen your watch.
Someone must've taken my umbrella by mistake.
Someone must've taken your brolly by mistake.
Someone must've taken your umbrella by mistake.
Someone must've told Tom by now.
Someone must've told Tom, but it wasn't me.
Someone must've told him, but it wasn't me.
Someone must’ve left the window open.
Someone must’ve stolen your watch.
Someone named Henry said he wants to meet with you.
Someone named Henry wanted to see you.
Someone named Juan wants to talk with you.
Someone named Mario has the opportunity to do the funniest thing now.
Someone named Tom called you.
Someone named Tom is at the door.
Someone named Tom left a message for you.
Someone named Tom stopped by this afternoon and gave me this package for you.
Someone named Tom wants to talk to you.
Someone needs to be at home in the afternoon to sign for the package.
Someone needs to clean the laboratory.
Someone needs to clean this room.
Someone needs to clean up this mess.
Someone needs to dust this room.
Someone needs to go with Tom.
Someone needs to look into this matter more thoroughly.
Someone needs to ring the bell.
Someone needs to save him, or he'll drown.
Someone needs to save him, or he’ll drown.
Someone needs to set Tom straight.
Someone needs to take Tom to the hospital.
Someone needs to take care of Tom.
Someone needs to take the bin out.
Someone needs to talk to Tom about what happened.
Someone needs to tell Mary what's expected of her.
Someone needs to tell Tom and Mary what's expected of them.
Someone needs to tell Tom not to do that.
Someone needs to tell Tom that he needs to be more polite.
Someone needs to tell Tom that.
Someone needs to tell Tom the truth.
Someone needs to tell Tom to do that.
Someone needs to tell Tom what happened.
Someone needs to tell Tom what to do.
Someone needs to tell Tom what's expected of him.
Someone needs to tell her that.
Someone needs to tell him that.
Someone needs to tell them that.
Someone needs to translate this contract into French.
Someone needs to wash the dishes.
Someone nicked my stuff.
Someone offered his handkerchief and when Rima looked up, it was Ziri.
Someone on the subway stabbed Tom to death.
Someone on the subway stabbed Tom.
Someone once said: "Don't tell a Japanese how to speak Japanese."
Someone open the door.
Someone opened the door.
Someone opened the window to help clear the air.
Someone opened the window.
Someone or something got closer.
Someone or something was inside that room.
Someone or something was walking in the woods, behind Igor's tent.
Someone other than Sami has cashed his paycheck.
Someone other than Tom did that.
Someone ought to do something about it.
Someone ought to get a doctor.
Someone ought to say something.
Someone ought to tell Tom the truth.
Someone out there knows something.
Someone owes me money.
Someone parked in my spot.
Someone phoned.
Someone picked my pocket on the train.
Someone planted a bomb under your car.
Someone please delete this sentence.
Someone please invent a mescal tequila and habanero cocktail called “Tire Fire”.
Someone ploughed into me from behind at an intersection yesterday.
Someone plundered Fyodor's tent.
Someone pocketed my wallet on the train.
Someone poisoned Tom.
Someone posted the video on YouTube.
Someone probably left the door open.
Someone probably tried to tell you that, but you weren't listening.
Someone punched Tom in the eye.
Someone pushed me inside.
Someone put a camera on top of a No Parking sign on our street.
Someone put an envelope on your desk.
Someone put it in Tom's bag.
Someone put it there, but I don't know who.
Someone put something in her drink.
Someone put something in my drink.
Someone raised by their three aunts can say they have three mothers.
Someone ran towards him.
Someone rang the bell.
Someone rang the doorbell, it's the maid.
Someone rang the doorbell.
Someone rang you ten minutes ago.
Someone rang.
Someone ratted me out.
Someone reaches the peak of fame when his name is everywhere, except in the phone book.
Someone really designed a car that looks like that?
Someone remarked that Mary was always late for meetings.
Someone repainted the bridge.
Someone ripped the Berber posters down.
Someone robbed Mary of her money.
Someone robbed me!
Someone said Tom and Mary are looking for us.
Someone said Tom is looking for us.
Someone said not long ago: "I earn 100,000 for acting and 6 million for the loss of my privacy."
Someone said something, but I could not understand it.
Someone said something, but I didn't understand what it was.
Someone said something, but we could not understand it.
Someone said that they knew the answer, but I can't remember who it was.
Someone said that you wanted to see me.
Someone said to me that you left your husband.
Someone said to the stones: "Be human." The stones said: "We are not hard enough yet."
Someone said you'd fallen ill.
Someone said you'd got ill.
Someone said, "I met two lipstick bombshells whispering. I did not catch anything."
Someone said, "I met two very beautiful women who were whispering. I did not understand a word."
Someone said: "The dead writers are remote from us because we know so much more than they did." Precisely, and they are that which we know.
Someone sang.
Someone sat on my hat.
Someone saved my life.
Someone saw him wash his car.
Someone saw it happen.
Someone say the magic word.
Someone scratched my car with a key.
Someone scratched my car.
Someone screamed.
Someone seems to be at home.
Someone seems to be calling me.
Someone seems to be in.
Someone seems to have done that already.
Someone seems to have done that for us already.
Someone sent me a gift.
Someone sent us a gift.
Someone sent you a letter from São Paulo.
Someone set Tom up.
Someone set fire to the house.
Someone set fire to the trash.
Someone should buy a round of drinks.
Someone should check to see if Tom is OK.
Someone should do something about it.
Someone should do something about that.
Someone should do something about this.
Someone should do something.
Someone should enlighten Tom.
Someone should examine Tom.
Someone should give you a whipping.
Someone should go shopping.
Someone should have been able to come up with a better title than that.
Someone should have called the police.
Someone should have told Tom that he was doing that the wrong way.
Someone should inform the police that there's a suspicious object.
Someone should look into this.
Someone should notify the next of kin.
Someone should open their mouth!
Someone should put that dog out of its misery.
Someone should remind Tom what his duty is.
Someone should set those boys straight.
Someone should talk to him and tell him what's what.
Someone should talk to him and tell him what’s what.
Someone should talk turkey to him.
Someone should tell Tom about tomorrow's meeting.
Someone should tell Tom how to behave.
Someone should tell Tom that the meeting was canceled.
Someone should tell Tom the truth.
Someone should tell Tom what to do.
Someone should tell Tom.
Someone should tell her.
Someone should tell him.
Someone should tell them.
Someone should train a chatbot on Tatoeba's corpus.
Someone should try this.
Someone should write a book about it.
Someone should write a book on the subject.
Someone should write a poem about this.
Someone should write a song about that.
Someone should've been able to come up with a better title than that.
Someone should've called the police.
Someone should've told Mary that she was doing that the wrong way.
Someone should've told Tom and Mary that they were doing that the wrong way.
Someone should've told Tom that he was doing that the wrong way.
Someone should've told me she'd gone.
Someone shouted "cops!"
Someone shouted his name.
Someone shouted my name.
Someone shoved me from behind.
Someone slept on the sofa.
Someone smashed Tom's pumpkin.
Someone smashed into the back of Tom's car while he was towing his trailer, writing off the trailer and damaging the car.
Someone smashed the windshield of my new car.
Someone somewhere must care.
Someone spiked Tom's drink.
Someone spiked her drink.
Someone spiked my drink.
Someone spilled milk.
Someone spilled something here.
Someone spilled sugar here.
Someone spoke to me in French, but I couldn't understand him.
Someone sprayed mace and everyone started coughing.
Someone stabbed Tom with an ice pick, but he's OK now.
Someone stabbed Tom with an ice pick, but he’s OK now.
Someone stabbed Tom.
Someone stained my invoice.
Someone stands at the door. Go see who it is!
Someone started running behind me.
Someone started screaming.
Someone stepped on my foot on the train.
Someone stepped on my foot.
Someone stepped on my toe in the crowded bus.
Someone stole Tom's bicycle.
Someone stole Tom's car last week.
Someone stole Tom's car.
Someone stole Tom's euphonium.
Someone stole Tom's guitar.
Someone stole Tom's laptop.
Someone stole Tom's money.
Someone stole Tom's trombone.
Someone stole Tom's wallet.
Someone stole all my money.
Someone stole her Kabyle dress.
Someone stole her money.
Someone stole money from me yesterday.
Someone stole my backpack.
Someone stole my bag.
Someone stole my belongings.
Someone stole my bicycle yesterday.
Someone stole my bicycle.
Someone stole my bike and I decided not to buy a new one.
Someone stole my bike.
Someone stole my books.
Someone stole my camera.
Someone stole my car.
Someone stole my car. It wasn't where I parked it.
Someone stole my car. It's not there where I parked it.
Someone stole my card.
Someone stole my cash.
Someone stole my credit card.
Someone stole my credit cards.
Someone stole my dartboard.
Someone stole my driver's license.
Someone stole my driving licence.
Someone stole my hubcaps.
Someone stole my jacket.
Someone stole my laptop computer.
Someone stole my laundry after I left it in the dryer.
Someone stole my lunch.
Someone stole my mandolin.
Someone stole my money somewhere.
Someone stole my money.
Someone stole my passport.
Someone stole my purse from the car.
Someone stole my purse.
Someone stole my rucksack.
Someone stole my sandwich.
Someone stole my software manual from my office.
Someone stole my stuff.
Someone stole my suitcase.
Someone stole my tennis racket.
Someone stole my traveler's checks.
Someone stole my travelers checks.
Someone stole my traveller's cheques.
Someone stole my umbrella at the bakery.
Someone stole my umbrella.
Someone stole my wallet on the train.
Someone stole my wallet, so I am going to call the police right away.
Someone stole my wallet.
Someone stole my wallet. I no longer have a cheque book or a credit card.
Someone stole my watch yesterday.
Someone stole my watch.
Someone stole something from my bag.
Someone stole the hubcaps off my car.
Someone stole the hubcaps off our car!
Someone stole the manhole cover.
Someone stole the teacher's guide.
Someone stole thirty dollars from me.
Someone stop the fight!
Someone stubbed a cigarette out on her coat.
Someone stubbed a cigarette out on his coat.
Someone suggested that it would be a good idea to do that.
Someone sure can fix it.
Someone swatted her at 4 in the morning because she said she disliked a cartoon character.
Someone swept the pantry.
Someone talked to me about this, but I don't remember who.
Someone tapped me on the shoulder.
Someone tell Tom what to do.
Someone that I didn't know called me yesterday.
Someone thought I was Tom.
Someone thought Tom could help.
Someone threatened to kill that politician.
Someone threw a party at John's place.
Someone threw a rock at Tom.
Someone threw a rock at her.
Someone threw a rock at him.
Someone threw a rock at them.
Someone threw a snowball at the policeman and he started shooting.
Someone threw a stink bomb into the classroom.
Someone threw a stone at Tom.
Someone threw out an old, beat up desktop computer out onto the streets.
Someone told Tom the truth.
Someone told Tom.
Someone told him.
Someone told me Mary left her husband.
Someone told me Tom and Mary have moved to Boston.
Someone told me Tom didn't know how to swim.
Someone told me Tom had moved to Boston.
Someone told me Tom has moved to Australia.
Someone told me Tom has moved to Boston.
Someone told me Tom has quit his job.
Someone told me Tom left his wife.
Someone told me Tom now lives in Australia.
Someone told me Tom now lives in Boston.
Someone told me Tom was allergic to wheat.
Someone told me about that.
Someone told me i'll pay you if you take care of my sheep.
Someone told me recently that hairspray is good for killing spiders.
Someone told me something.
Someone told me that Albert Einstein said, "Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen."
Someone told me that I couldn't park there.
Someone told me that I looked like Tom.
Someone told me that Tom and Mary weren't from around here.
Someone told me that Tom had joined a cult.
Someone told me that Tom had moved to Boston.
Someone told me that Tom has moved to Australia.
Someone told me that Tom hated you.
Someone told me that Tom left work.
Someone told me that Tom now lives in Australia.
Someone told me that Tom now lives in Boston.
Someone told me that Tom was allergic to wheat.
Someone told me that Tom wasn't from around here.
Someone told me that every cigarette you smoke takes seven minutes away from your life.
Someone told me that longing kills us.
Someone told me that people with type O blood attract more mosquitoes than people with any other blood type.
Someone told me that the most beautiful women in the world live in Boston.
Someone told me that this boy cannot hear.
Someone told me that this plant only grows in Australia.
Someone told me that you had died.
Someone told me that you want to join our team.
Someone told me that you were fluent in French.
Someone told me that.
Someone told me to look you up.
Someone told me you died.
Someone told me you left your husband.
Someone told me you'd died.
Someone told you I was coming, I hope.
Someone told you something.
Someone took it.
Someone took my glass when I wasn't looking.
Someone took my place.
Someone took my stuff.
Someone took my suit.
Someone tore a page out from the book.
Someone touched Tom's shoulder.
Someone touched me.
Someone tried to blow us up.
Someone tried to break in.
Someone tried to kill Bruno.
Someone tried to kill Tom.
Someone tried to kill me.
Someone tried to kill us.
Someone tried to poison Tom.
Someone tried to poison her.
Someone tried to poison him.
Someone tried to poison me.
Someone tried to poison our dog's food.
Someone tried to poison our dog’s food.
Someone tried to poison them.
Someone tried to poison us.
Someone tried to poison you.
Someone tried to shoot Tom.
Someone tried to shoot and kill Tom.
Someone tried to shoot her.
Someone tried to shoot him.
Someone tried to shoot me.
Someone tried to shoot them.
Someone tried to shoot us.
Someone tried to steal Tom's car last night.
Someone tried to steal Tom's dog.
Someone turn on the air conditioner.
Someone turned Tom in.
Someone turned her in.
Someone turned him in.
Someone turned me in.
Someone turned the alarm off.
Someone turned them in.
Someone turned us in.
Someone turned your phone in.
Someone unlocked the door.
Someone visited her yesterday.
Someone waits for me.
Someone wanted us to come.
Someone wants to come?
Someone wants to join?
Someone wants to kill Tom.
Someone wants to kill you.
Someone wants to meet you.
Someone wants to play games.
Someone was bound to come.
Someone was breathing down Ziri's neck.
Someone was calling my name.
Someone was chasing me.
Someone was clearly peeping through the gap.
Someone was clearly peeping through the slot.
Someone was coerced to kill the politician.
Someone was coming!
Someone was coming.
Someone was following me at the airport.
Someone was following me.
Someone was here.
Someone was in Tobias's closet that night.
Someone was in our house.
Someone was in the basement.
Someone was in the car with Tom.
Someone was in the house.
Someone was killed.
Someone was murdered in that forest, and their ghost still haunts it.
Someone was out there, messing with Ziri.
Someone was pranking us.
Someone was recording Robert.
Someone was running towards him.
Someone was satisfied.
Someone was singing in the dark.
Someone was sneaking up on Ziri.
Someone was there.
Someone was trying to break in.
Someone was tugging on my sleeve.
Someone was waiting for Sami.
Someone was walking behind Ziri's tent.
Someone was walking in the pond.
Someone was with Tom.
Someone was with me.
Someone was wrong.
Someone we didn't know came up to us.
Someone went in.
Someone went inside.
Someone went out.
Someone who asks wants to know.
Someone who asks wants to learn.
Someone who avoids water also avoids drowning.
Someone who can be happy with a simple illusion is much smarter than someone driven crazy by reality.
Someone who doesn't drink in company is either a thief or a spy.
Someone who doesn't make any mistakes probably doesn't do anything at all.
Someone who doesn't understand you is not necessarily an idiot.
Someone who doesn't want to change anything will lose what they'd like to keep, too.
Someone who is apolitical isn't interested in politics.
Someone who is carefree easily changes their tune.
Someone who is misanthropic dislikes people and avoids social situations.
Someone who knew Claudio was pranking him online.
Someone who knows English well must have written it.
Someone who knows English well must have written that.
Someone who knows English well must have written this.
Someone who knows English well must've written it.
Someone who knows English well must've written that.
Someone who knows French well must have written this.
Someone who knows French well must've written this.
Someone who likes flowers can't be evil.
Someone who lives in the city is called a city dweller.
Someone who looks a lot like Tom is standing near the gate.
Someone who only does good has absolutely nothing to fear.
Someone who puts off a choice will receive the choice made by circumstances.
Someone who scares easily shouldn't practice my profession.
Someone who sees something wrong being done and does nothing about it, is as culpable as the perpetrator of the act.
Someone who wants to make a career these days has to be a little bit of a cannibal.
Someone who works a lot doesn't have time to meditate on philosophical matters.
Someone will actually have to do that.
Someone will be coming for you soon.
Someone will be here soon.
Someone will be meeting you.
Someone will be sleeping on the floor tonight.
Someone will be with you in a moment.
Someone will be with you in just a moment.
Someone will close the window.
Someone will come for you.
Someone will come into your life, but it's not him.
Someone will come to rescue us eventually.
Someone will do it.
Someone will do that job.
Someone will do that.
Someone will do this job.
Someone will have to do that.
Someone will have to finish this job.
Someone will have to go and pick Tom up.
Someone will have to help Tom do that.
Someone will have to help Tom.
Someone will have to pay.
Someone will have to sleep on the floor.
Someone will have to tell Tom eventually.
Someone will have to tell Tom.
Someone will pay for that.
Someone will probably do that tomorrow.
Someone will remember to do that, I'm sure.
Someone will save you.
Someone will see us!
Someone with a positive manner, perhaps a detective, used the expression "mad man" as he bent over Wilson's body that afternoon, and the adventitious authority of his voice set the key for the newspaper reports next morning.
Someone with cancer can heal.
Someone with type A blood would not be able to get a transfusion of type B blood, because the recipient's type B antibodies would react with the antigens in the type B blood and cause agglutination.
Someone withdrew the dagger from my back.
Someone won a huge amount in the lottery.
Someone won a huge amount on the lottery.
Someone yelled for help.
Someone yelled: "Housekeeping!"
Someone! Catch that man!
Someone's at the back door.
Someone's at the door.
Someone's at the front door.
Someone's been following me.
Someone's been here before us.
Someone's been here recently.
Someone's been here.
Someone's been here. I can tell that my things aren't where I left them.
Someone's been playing with matches.
Someone's been rummaging through this drawer.
Someone's been sleeping on the sofa.
Someone's been very busy.
Someone's been watching us.
Someone's behind me.
Someone's behind you.
Someone's broken this dish.
Someone's calling my name.
Someone's calling you.
Someone's calling.
Someone's chainsawing.
Someone's coming.
Someone's coming. Close the box and hide it!
Someone's cooking out.
Someone's dog disappeared.
Someone's doing that right now.
Someone's doing that.
Someone's eating.
Someone's eyes peered out of the crack.
Someone's going to be sleeping on the floor tonight.
Someone's going to hack you.
Someone's going to have to come look at it.
Someone's going to hurt Tom.
Someone's going to hurt her.
Someone's going to hurt him.
Someone's going to hurt me.
Someone's going to hurt them.
Someone's going to hurt us.
Someone's going to hurt you.
Someone's going to pay for this.
Someone's got to be held accountable.
Someone's got to do that.
Someone's got to finish the job.
Someone's got to take responsibility for the family.
Someone's got to tell Tom what to do.
Someone's gotta do it.
Someone's guest is the guest of the entire village.
Someone's having a bonfire.
Someone's here to see you.
Someone's here.
Someone's hiding in the cupboard.
Someone's hitting.
Someone's humming.
Someone's in my room.
Someone's in our garage.
Someone's in the bathroom.
Someone's in the house.
Someone's in the kitchen with Tom.
Someone's in the next room.
Someone's in the other room.
Someone's in the shower.
Someone's in trouble.
Someone's just rung.
Someone's knocking at the door.
Someone's knocking on the door.
Someone's knocking.
Someone's left their anorak hanging there.
Someone's living there.
Someone's made off with the milk.
Someone's making hotdogs.
Someone's making sausages.
Someone's meeting me here.
Someone's missing.
Someone's nicked my flask.
Someone's nicked my stuff.
Someone's on the phone for you.
Someone's on the road. Stop the car!
Someone's outside.
Someone's parked in front of my home.
Someone's parked their car in my parking space.
Someone's pinched my flask.
Someone's pinched the milk again.
Someone's pissing me off.
Someone's playing music.
Someone's put a spanner in the works.
Someone's ringing the doorbell.
Someone's shooting.
Someone's shouted my name.
Someone's singing.
Someone's sitting in my seat.
Someone's sleeping on the floor tonight.
Someone's spying on me.
Someone's spying on us.
Someone's spying on you.
Someone's standing in front of the gate.
Someone's still in the shower.
Someone's stolen my bicycle.
Someone's stolen my stuff.
Someone's stolen my things.
Someone's taken my umbrella.
Someone's taken the umbrella.
Someone's talking.
Someone's texting me.
Someone's there.
Someone's torn a page out of this book.
Someone's trying to get in.
Someone's trying to kill me.
Someone's trying to kill us.
Someone's trying to steal your motorcycle.
Someone's voice I hear.
Someone's waiting for you outside.
Someone's waiting in the lobby.
Someone's waiting in your office.
Someone's waiting outside.
Someone's waiting to see us.
Someone's watching me.
Someone's with me.
Someone, get me a tissue.
Someone, open the door.
Someone, please help me.
Someone, tell him to get a life!
Someone, turn it off.
Someone’s knocking at the door.
Something I always wanted to do was to translate that novel.
Something I ate yesterday disagreed with me.
Something I hadn't anticipated happened.
Something Tom saw surprised him.
Something a little crazy happened in the end.
Something about Chinese characters makes me want to look at them.
Something about Dan has changed.
Something about Diego seemed dark.
Something about Mary makes Tom feel bad about himself.
Something about Ziri is off.
Something about him is odd.
Something about him just brings out the worst in me.
Something about that seems familiar to me.
Something about the situation made Tom and Mary feel very uneasy.
Something about the situation made Tom feel very uneasy.
Something about this concerns me.
Something about this doesn't add up.
Something always goes wrong.
Something always happens.
Something always sticks.
Something amazing happened to me today.
Something amazing happened today.
Something amiss was going on.
Something as serious as death can't be joked about.
Something attracted Tom's attention.
Something awful happened in that cabin.
Something awful happened to Tom.
Something awful happened to me.
Something awful has happened.
Something awful was about to happen.
Something bad happened here yesterday.
Something bad happened in Australia yesterday.
Something bad happened in Boston yesterday.
Something bad happened in the village.
Something bad happened last Monday.
Something bad happened on October 20th.
Something bad happened to Tom.
Something bad happened to her.
Something bad happened to him.
Something bad happened to me.
Something bad happened to them.
Something bad happened to you, didn't it?
Something bad happened.
Something bad has happened to Tom.
Something bad has happened.
Something bad is about to happen.
Something bad is coming.
Something bad is going to happen.
Something bad is happening.
Something bad is likely to happen if you do that.
Something bad is likely to happen.
Something bad may happen to him.
Something bad may happen.
Something bad might happen.
Something bad was about to happen.
Something bad was going on there.
Something bad's going to happen to that guy one of these days.
Something bad's going to happen.
Something bad's going to happen. I can feel it.
Something bad’s going to happen.
Something began dragging Ziri from beneath.
Something big is about to happen.
Something big was walking in circles around the campsite.
Something bit Mary.
Something bit Tom.
Something bit Ziri on the leg.
Something bit her.
Something bit him.
Something bit me.
Something bit you.
Something bizarre happened to me last week.
Something bizarre happened.
Something blue caught Igor's attention.
Something brushed against the tent.
Something burrowed under our fence.
Something came out of the fog.
Something came up.
Something can be both the beginning and the end.
Something caught Dmitri's eye.
Something caught Tom's attention.
Something caught Tom's eye.
Something caught Ziri's eye that morning.
Something caught my attention recently. I usually say hello or something similar at the start of messages before moving on to the topic of the message. But, surprisingly, I've seen a lot of people dive right into the topic and send nothing else. What's up with that?
Something changed between Ziri and Rima.
Something changed this time.
Something changed.
Something cheered Ziri up.
Something cold and slimy touched Nastya’s cheek, and she cringed, seeing it was a giant tentacle.
Something completely unexpected happened.
Something could have been overlooked.
Something could've been overlooked.
Something crawled up her ass and died.
Something crazy happened.
Something creepy has been happening.
Something criminal is afoot.
Something decidedly sweeter is the smell of roses when the weather turns warm in Washington, D.C. Many varieties and colors of these beautiful flowers, along with other outdoor plants, bloom at the Garden when warm weather and sunshine comes to town.
Something did happen, didn't it?
Something did happen.
Something didn't seem right.
Something dimmed the light.
Something doesn't add up for me.
Something doesn't add up.
Something doesn't feel right.
Something doesn't fit here.
Something doesn't make any sense.
Something doesn't make sense here.
Something doesn't seem right.
Something doesn’t feel right with him.
Something drastic needs to happen.
Something dreadful has happened to Miss Davidson.
Something else happened.
Something else has just come up.
Something else is going on.
Something else to be borne in mind here is the rapidity with which the virus can reproduce.
Something else was cooking in the kitchen.
Something else?
Something embarrassing happened last week.
Something embarrassing has happened.
Something emerged from the fog.
Something eventually will get built.
Something evil is happening behind my back.
Something evil was on the island.
Something exploded on the microwave.
Something extraordinary happened to me this morning.
Something extraordinary happened.
Something extraordinary has happened.
Something extraordinary is happening here.
Something extremely messed-up happened at work.
Something extremely weird is going on here!
Something extremely weird is going on here.
Something feels funny.
Something feels off with his behavior.
Something feels off.
Something feels out of place.
Something feels weird.
Something feels wrong here.
Something feels wrong to me.
Something fell from a tree and landed on Leonid. It was a nut.
Something fell on the patio, but I could not see what it was.
Something felt off about the situation.
Something felt wrong to me.
Something felt wrong.
Something fishy is going on here.
Something fishy is going on.
Something flew by in front of my eyes.
Something followed Ziri.
Something frightened Tom.
Something frightened her.
Something frightened him.
Something frightened me.
Something frightened them.
Something frightened us.
Something frightening lives in the abandoned temple.
Something funny happened to me on my way home.
Something funny is always happening in our class.
Something funny's going on.
Something glistened in the corner of his eye.
Something good came out of it.
Something good did it, to be honest.
Something good has happened.
Something good is about to happen.
Something good is going to happen.
Something good is likely to happen.
Something good will come from all this.
Something got stuck in Tom's throat.
Something grabbed Ziri's ankle.
Something great is about to happen.
Something great is going to happen.
Something green and slimy was on the rock.
Something had to be done.
Something had to be said.
Something happened and he couldn't keep his promise.
Something happened and he couldn’t keep his promise.
Something happened between Tom and Mary.
Something happened between Ziri and Rima.
Something happened here, but I don't know what.
Something happened here, but I'm not sure what.
Something happened here.
Something happened in Australia.
Something happened in Boston.
Something happened in the park yesterday.
Something happened recently.
Something happened that night.
Something happened to Tom in Boston.
Something happened to Tom yesterday.
Something happened to Tom.
Something happened to day.
Something happened to her.
Something happened to him.
Something happened to my car.
Something happened to my right eye.
Something happened to the car and it doesn't start.
Something happened to them.
Something happened with my computer.
Something happened.
Something has become to change in Algeria.
Something has begun to change in Algeria.
Something has begun to really change in Algeria.
Something has begun to truly change in Algeria.
Something has blocked the pipe.
Something has caught Tom's attention.
Something has caught Tom's eye.
Something has changed about Dan.
Something has changed after your trip to Egypt.
Something has changed for Yanni.
Something has changed in Algeria.
Something has changed in Dan.
Something has changed this time.
Something has changed.
Something has fallen by your feet.
Something has fallen.
Something has gone bad.
Something has gone terribly wrong.
Something has gone very wrong.
Something has gone wrong.
Something has got to change.
Something has got to give.
Something has happened to Layla.
Something has happened to Tom.
Something has happened to her.
Something has happened to him.
Something has happened to me.
Something has happened to my car.
Something has happened to my right eye.
Something has happened to the engine.
Something has happened to them.
Something has happened to this clock.
Something has happened.
Something has just occurred to me.
Something has obviously caught Tom's attention.
Something has started shaking up in Algeria.
Something has to be done to stop the bleeding.
Something has to be done with this stuff.
Something has to be done.
Something has to change.
Something has to give, but what?
Something has to give.
Something has to happen.
Something has to work.
Something here doesn't fit.
Something here doesn't jibe.
Something here isn't making sense.
Something here isn't quite right.
Something hit her and sent her sprawling to the ground.
Something hit me and it was a rock.
Something hit me hard on the side of my face.
Something hit me.
Something hit the tent hard.
Something horrible happened about three hours ago.
Something horrible happened here last night.
Something horrible happened in the busy square.
Something horrible happened to Tom.
Something horrible has happened.
Something horrible is going to happen.
Something important happened.
Something important has come up.
Something improper was going on.
Something in Dan has changed.
Something in his face really reminded me of an old boyfriend of mine.
Something in the corner of the cabin drew Igor's attention.
Something in the president's psychological makeup went awry after the failed coup attempt.
Something in the sky caught my eye.
Something in the story isn't right.
Something in the voice was really off.
Something in there smells terrible.
Something incredible happened.
Something incredible is about to happen that you won't want to miss.
Something ineffable about you fascinates me, woman.
Something interesting happened at school today.
Something interesting is about to happen.
Something is about to happen.
Something is always going wrong with the machine.
Something is always happening here.
Something is asked of me.
Something is being looked for.
Something is being skewed in the data.
Something is better than nothing.
Something is bothering Tom.
Something is bothering him.
Something is changing in Algeria.
Something is changing.
Something is coming.
Something is cooking up.
Something is definitely different.
Something is definitely missing.
Something is definitely up.
Something is definitely wrong.
Something is destroying everything.
Something is different this time.
Something is different.
Something is encompassing me.
Something is fishy here.
Something is flashing up ahead.
Something is genuinely wrong with him.
Something is going on here.
Something is going on today.
Something is going on.
Something is going seriously wrong here.
Something is going to happen.
Something is going very wrong here.
Something is going wrong again.
Something is grating on her nerves.
Something is happening here.
Something is happening in Australia.
Something is happening in Boston.
Something is happening.
Something is in the tent.
Something is in those mountains.
Something is making the door stick.
Something is missing from my life.
Something is missing.
Something is moving behind the bush.
Something is not right in this affair.
Something is not right with Mary.
Something is not right with Tom.
Something is not right.
Something is obviously not right with Mary.
Something is obviously not right with Tom.
Something is odd here.
Something is off about this.
Something is off here.
Something is off with him.
Something is rotten in the state of Denmark.
Something is said to be supernatural when it goes beyond human nature's own experience and knowledge.
Something is scratching at the door.
Something is slowing down my computer.
Something is starting to happen between Sami and Layla.
Something is starting to happen.
Something is still not right.
Something is stirring in there.
Something is strange here.
Something is strange.
Something is stuck in the pipe.
Something is telling me to bake a cake.
Something is terribly wrong with Tom.
Something is terribly wrong.
Something is terribly, terribly wrong.
Something is the matter with him today.
Something is the matter with my stomach.
Something is the matter with my watch.
Something is the matter with this TV set.
Something is very off.
Something is very wrong here.
Something is very wrong with Tom.
Something is very wrong.
Something is very, very wrong.
Something is watching me.
Something is worrying me.
Something is written in the corner of the book.
Something is written on the bottle.
Something is written there in Latin, but it's very hard to make out.
Something is wrong here.
Something is wrong with Sami.
Something is wrong with Tom.
Something is wrong with him. He isn't thinking clearly.
Something is wrong with my car.
Something is wrong with my computer.
Something is wrong with my typewriter.
Something is wrong with my watch.
Something is wrong with our electric heater.
Something is wrong with that forest.
Something is wrong with the brakes.
Something is wrong with the engine of my car.
Something is wrong with the engine of this car.
Something is wrong with the engine.
Something is wrong with the experimental apparatus.
Something is wrong with the washing machine.
Something is wrong with this bicycle.
Something is wrong with this calculator.
Something is wrong with this washing machine.
Something is wrong with this word processor.
Something is wrong with this word-processor.
Something is wrong with you today.
Something is wrong.
Something isn't adding up here.
Something isn't kosher here.
Something isn't right about this.
Something isn't right here.
Something isn't right with Tom.
Something isn't right with this.
Something isn't right!
Something isn't right.
Something just came up.
Something just didn't add up.
Something just didn't feel right.
Something just doesn't seem right.
Something just occurred to me.
Something keeps pulling Yanni and Skura together.
Something killed those gazelles.
Something leaked in the bag.
Something like 80 per cent of the calories in our food goes towards maintaining our body temperature at a constant level.
Something like a hut could be seen in the distance.
Something like pus comes out when I pass urine.
Something like that doesn't happen every day.
Something like that had never, ever happened to me.
Something like that happened here last year.
Something like that happened to me once.
Something like that happened to me, too.
Something like that happened.
Something like that is theoretically possible.
Something like that was bound to happen sooner or later.
Something like that wouldn't happen in Australia.
Something like this can be experienced only with Tom.
Something like this can happen to anyone.
Something like this could ruin your career.
Something like this doesn't happen every day.
Something like this is pretty rare.
Something like this wouldn't happen in Australia.
Something lived in those woods.
Something looking like a UFO made a sudden turn then disappeared into the distant sky.
Something mad has just happened to me.
Something made Tom angry.
Something made her angry.
Something made him angry.
Something made them angry.
Something magical happened to Matthew.
Something magical happened.
Something may have happened to Tom.
Something may have happened to him.
Something might be going on here.
Something might be lurking nearby.
Something might fall on you, so be careful.
Something might go wrong.
Something might have happened to her.
Something might've happened to Tom.
Something more was needed.
Something must be different.
Something must be done about it in no time.
Something must be done about that.
Something must be done immediately to deal with this problem.
Something must be done right away.
Something must be done with this stuff.
Something must be done!
Something must be done.
Something must be going on.
Something must be happening.
Something must be up.
Something must be wrong with our car; the engine is giving off smoke.
Something must be wrong with the camera.
Something must be wrong with the machinery.
Something must be wrong.
Something must change.
Something must have been really wrong in that marriage.
Something must have gone wrong.
Something must have happened behind the scenes.
Something must have happened down there.
Something must have happened in Boston. Tom seems really depressed.
Something must have happened to Bob yesterday.
Something must have happened to Tom yesterday.
Something must have happened to Tom.
Something must have happened to change Tom's mind.
Something must have happened to him on the way.
Something must have happened.
Something must have spooked Tom.
Something must've gone wrong.
Something must've happened down there.
Something must've happened in Australia.
Something must've happened in Boston.
Something must've happened in Boston. Tom seems really depressed.
Something must've happened to Bob yesterday.
Something must've happened to Tom yesterday.
Something must've happened to Tom.
Something must've happened to change Tom's mind.
Something must've happened.
Something must've spooked Tom.
Something must've spooked her.
Something must've spooked him.
Something must've spooked them.
Something needs to be changed.
Something needs to be done about this right away.
Something needs to be done about this.
Something needs to be done.
Something needs to change.
Something no longer useful to you might be useful to someone else.
Something obviously has upset you.
Something occurred to me.
Something offended Tom.
Something offended her.
Something on that machine must be broken.
Something on the ground caught Tom's eye.
Something outside the window caught Tom's attention.
Something really alarmed me.
Something really nice happened to me today.
Something really should be done about that.
Something really should be done about the problem, but this is cracking a nut with a sledgehammer.
Something really weird is happening here.
Something remarkable happened.
Something scratched the canvas of Fyodor's tent.
Something seemed a bit weird to me.
Something seemed amiss.
Something seemed off.
Something seemed really off about it.
Something seems off.
Something seems to be bothering Tom.
Something seems to be missing.
Something seems to be worrying you.
Something seems to be wrong with my clock.
Something seems to be wrong with my computer.
Something seems to be wrong with my stomach.
Something seems to be wrong with the stereo set.
Something seems to be wrong with this watch.
Something seems to have caught Tom's attention.
Something seems wrong.
Something serious has happened.
Something she told me makes me worry that I'm in big trouble.
Something similar could happen in Algeria.
Something similar happened to Tom.
Something similar happened to me.
Something similar once happened to me.
Something sinister is going on.
Something sinister was at play.
Something smells bad.
Something smells good in here.
Something smells good.
Something smells good. What are you cooking?
Something smells like smoke.
Something smells nice.
Something smells pretty stinky here.
Something sparkled in the box.
Something spooked the dogs for sure.
Something spooked the horse.
Something still seems to be bothering Tom.
Something stinks here.
Something stinks in here!
Something stinks in here.
Something stinks.
Something strange caught my eye.
Something strange happened that day.
Something strange happened to me today.
Something strange happened to me yesterday.
Something strange happened to us today.
Something strange happened.
Something strange has happened to Tom.
Something strange is going on.
Something strange is happening here in Australia.
Something strange is happening here.
Something strange is happening in Australia.
Something strange is happening in Boston.
Something strange is happening over there.
Something strange is happening.
Something struck the windshield.
Something sure smells good.
Something suspicious was clearly afoot.
Something suspicious was going on in the kitchen.
Something tells me I should have said no.
Something tells me I should say no.
Something tells me I should've said no.
Something tells me Tom is right.
Something tells me Tom is wrong.
Something tells me Tom will be OK.
Something tells me Tom will do that.
Something tells me that Tom is right.
Something tells me that Tom is wrong.
Something tells me that she has found them.
Something tells me that she's up to no good.
Something tells me that she’s up to no good.
Something tells me that you're hiding something.
Something tells me that you’re hiding something.
Something tells me they aren't going to last long.
Something tells me we haven't heard the last of him.
Something tells me we haven’t heard the last of him.
Something tells me we're in the way.
Something tells me you're right.
Something tells me you're wrong.
Something terrible happened here.
Something terrible happened last Monday.
Something terrible happened on October 20.
Something terrible happened on October 20th.
Something terrible happened to David.
Something terrible happened to Gunter.
Something terrible happened to Tom.
Something terrible happened to him.
Something terrible has happened to Tom.
Something terrible has happened.
Something terrible is about to happen.
Something terrible is going to happen if we don't make it stop before it's too late.
Something terrible is going to happen.
Something terrible is likely to happen if we don't leave right now.
Something terrible must have happened.
Something terrible must've happened.
Something terrible will happen if we don't leave right now!
Something terrible will happen.
Something terrible's happened to me.
Something terrible's happened.
Something terrified Ziri in the woods.
Something terrifying happened that day.
Something that a married man must never forget is the date of his wedding anniversary.
Something that for lack of any other name might be called friendship existed and always had existed between Marilla Cuthbert and Mrs. Rachel, in spite of—or perhaps because of—their dissimilarity.
Something that is failed is something that hasn't been won yet.
Something that is opaline looks like opal.
Something that’s been creating a lot of buzz within the tech industry is the “Internet of Things”, such as Wi-Fi enabled thermostats as well as washers and dryers.
Something they said must have hit a nerve, so he started yelling at them.
Something told me not to pick it up.
Something told me you wouldn't let this go.
Something totally unexpected was waiting for Ziri at school.
Something unbelievable has happened! Guess what!
Something unexpected could always happen.
Something unexpected happened in Japan.
Something unexpected happened.
Something unexpected has happened.
Something unusual happened last night.
Something urgent came up.
Something very bad happened last Monday.
Something very bad happened on October 20th.
Something very bad happened to Mennad in high school.
Something very bad was about to happen.
Something very good happened today.
Something very similar happened here last year.
Something very similar happened to me!
Something very simple doesn't need to be complicated.
Something very strange happened in Salvador city.
Something very strange happened last night.
Something very strange happened to Tom.
Something very strange is going on here!
Something very strange is going on here.
Something very strange is going on.
Something very strange is happening here.
Something very strange is happening in your office.
Something very strange just happened.
Something very unfortunate happened to Mennad.
Something very unusual has happened.
Something very unusual seems to be happening in the park.
Something very weird happened to Tom.
Something very weird happened to me yesterday.
Something was a bit off.
Something was about to happen.
Something was blocking the door.
Something was bothering Tom.
Something was bothering Ziri's dog.
Something was bothering her.
Something was bothering him.
Something was broken in my engine.
Something was coming out from the darkness of the closet.
Something was coming out of the water.
Something was crunching outside Ziri's tent.
Something was going on.
Something was hanging on the coat rack.
Something was happening.
Something was haunting Lorenzo's house.
Something was in there.
Something was irritating the parrot.
Something was just not right about Karl.
Something was making noise in there.
Something was nagging me.
Something was off about Diego.
Something was out there.
Something was outside the tent.
Something was pulling Ziri down.
Something was quite shady with Miroslav.
Something was ripping its way through the forest.
Something was rustling in the woods.
Something was stalking Felix in the woods.
Something was stirring in the dark.
Something was stuck in the dishwasher.
Something was taken.
Something was tickling me all of a sudden.
Something was unsettling Tom.
Something was very wrong with Tom.
Something was way off about Leon.
Something was wrong with Leonid's legs.
Something was wrong with Tom.
Something was wrong with her.
Something was wrong with him.
Something was wrong with me.
Something was wrong with my computer and I couldn't get on-line.
Something was wrong with my computer and I couldn’t get on-line.
Something was wrong with the clock.
Something was wrong with the watch.
Something was wrong with them.
Something was wrong.
Something wasn't adding up.
Something wasn't completely right with Ziri.
Something wasn't kosher.
Something wasn't quite right.
Something wasn't right with my head.
Something wasn't right.
Something weird happened at lunch.
Something weird happened in the woods.
Something weird happened.
Something weird has happened here.
Something weird was going on at school.
Something weird's going on here.
Something weird's going on.
Something went horribly wrong.
Something went off with a loud noise.
Something went terribly wrong.
Something went very wrong that night.
Something went wrong and Tom died.
Something went wrong on the way to the restaurant.
Something went wrong that morning.
Something went wrong with my watch.
Something went wrong with the stew.
Something went wrong.
Something wicked this way comes.
Something will definitely happen.
Something will have to be done.
Something wonderful happened last Monday.
Something wonderful happened on October 20.
Something wonderful happened on October 20th.
Something wonderful happened today.
Something wonderful has just happened.
Something worries me.
Something worse happened to Ziri.
Something wrong was about to happen.
Something wrong was going on.
Something wrong with that?
Something wrong?
Something you could do is look over our work and point out any mistakes.
Something you might want to consider buying is a new briefcase.
Something you ought to have is friends, buddy!
Something you should have is friends, buddy!
Something you should know about me is that I half of what I say is meaningless.
Something you should know about me is that I sleep late in the morning.
Something you should know about me is that I spend a lot of time reading.
Something you should know about me is that I stay up until late at night.
Something you should know about me is that I travel a lot and am seldom home.
Something you should know about me is that I want to become an actor.
Something you should know about me is that I'm a creature of habit.
Something you should know about me is that I'm addicted to computer games.
Something you should know about me is that I'm afraid of heights.
Something you should know about me is that I'm deeply in debt.
Something you should know about me is that I'm very much a country boy at heart.
Something you should know about me is that I’m a creature of habit.
Something you should know about me is that I’m addicted to computer games.
Something you should know about me is that I’m afraid of heights.
Something you should know about me is that I’m deeply in debt.
Something you should know about me is that I’m very much a country boy at heart.
Something you should know about me is that my greatest fear in life is that people will find out that I'm poor.
Something you should know about me is that my greatest fear in life is that people will find out that I’m poor.
Something you should know about me is that when I get angry, I get quiet.
Something's about to happen.
Something's always wrong.
Something's beginning.
Something's bitten me.
Something's bothering Tom.
Something's bothering her.
Something's bothering him.
Something's bothering them.
Something's burning over there!
Something's burning.
Something's changed.
Something's clearly bothering Tom.
Something's come up, so I can't attend today's meeting.
Something's coming out of your mouth.
Something's coming.
Something's dawned on me.
Something's definitely not right here.
Something's definitely out there.
Something's definitely wrong with Tom.
Something's definitely wrong.
Something's different.
Something's dreadfully wrong.
Something's fishy about this.
Something's fishy's going on here.
Something's going on down there.
Something's going on here.
Something's going on in Boston.
Something's going on in there.
Something's going on over there.
Something's going on there.
Something's going to happen. I can feel it.
Something's gone wrong.
Something's gonna happen at 2:30.
Something's got in my eye.
Something's got to be done.
Something's got to give.
Something's hanging in the air.
Something's happened to Tom.
Something's happened to her.
Something's happened to him.
Something's happened to it.
Something's happened to them.
Something's happened to you.
Something's happened, hasn't it?
Something's happening here, and what it is ain't exactly clear.
Something's happening here.
Something's happening on Park Street.
Something's happening there.
Something's happening.
Something's in my eye.
Something's just occurred to me.
Something's making noise.
Something's missing here.
Something's missing.
Something's not quite right here, though I can't put my finger on it.
Something's not quite right here.
Something's not quite right.
Something's not right about this.
Something's not right here.
Something's not right with Tom.
Something's not right with the engine.
Something's not right.
Something's obviously wrong here.
Something's obviously wrong.
Something's off.
Something's on your mind, isn't it?
Something's out of whack here.
Something's really bothering Tom.
Something's really weird here.
Something's really wrong, isn't it?
Something's still not right.
Something's strange.
Something's terribly wrong.
Something's the matter with my watch.
Something's the matter with the baby.
Something's the matter with this TV set.
Something's up with Tom.
Something's up with you.
Something's up, I can see you fidgeting in your seat.
Something's up.
Something's very wrong here.
Something's very wrong.
Something's worrying Tom.
Something's worrying her.
Something's worrying him.
Something's worrying them.
Something's wrong about this.
Something's wrong here.
Something's wrong with Tom's car.
Something's wrong with Tom.
Something's wrong with her.
Something's wrong with him.
Something's wrong with my camera.
Something's wrong with my car.
Something's wrong with my computer.
Something's wrong with my e-mail.
Something's wrong with that.
Something's wrong with the car.
Something's wrong with the dishwasher.
Something's wrong with the engine.
Something's wrong with this washing machine.
Something's wrong with this.
Something's wrong, but I don't know what.
Something's wrong, isn't it?
Something's wrong.
Something’s got to give.
Something’s wrong in the realm of sentences.
Something’s wrong with my camera.
Something’s wrong with my e-mail.
Something’s wrong with your database installation.
Sometime I'll definitely visit France. I just don't know exactly when.
Sometimes Dennis is really crazy.
Sometimes French and English words can have almost the same meaning, but with small differences.
Sometimes Hayes's boats would come to within a mile or so of the entrance to Coquille Harbour in their quests for coco-nuts, but, fortunately for the peace of the villagers, their crews never ventured so far as the village itself.
Sometimes I accept, sometimes I don't.
Sometimes I age-regress because thinking about some grown-up stuff hurts me.
Sometimes I also have non-alcoholic beer.
Sometimes I am an enigma to myself.
Sometimes I am calm.
Sometimes I am short of money.
Sometimes I ask myself if I did a good job.
Sometimes I ask myself what a raven, with its decisive final presence, and its mournful persistent color, may have to say to the aged mountains.
Sometimes I ask myself what's going on.
Sometimes I ask myself, "Have I mastered the German language?" No, it's quite the opposite: It's the German language that's mastered me!
Sometimes I believe in fairytales.
Sometimes I can run as fast as the wind.
Sometimes I can't even read my own handwriting.
Sometimes I can't fall asleep and toss and turn all night.
Sometimes I can't help myself.
Sometimes I can't help showing emotions.
Sometimes I can't hold back my emotions.
Sometimes I can't really grasp the meaning of a word.
Sometimes I can't sleep at night.
Sometimes I can't tell whether I want to look like someone or look at them.
Sometimes I can't understand Tom.
Sometimes I can't understand what comes over you. I'd like to know that.
Sometimes I can’t help showing emotions.
Sometimes I catch myself smiling at the thought of you.
Sometimes I clean my mother's vase collection.
Sometimes I correct sentences with small errors without notifying anybody.
Sometimes I cry after a great game of chess.
Sometimes I cry in the shower.
Sometimes I didn't come back at all!
Sometimes I do not understand people.
Sometimes I do that after school.
Sometimes I do that with Tom.
Sometimes I do that, too.
Sometimes I do that.
Sometimes I do, sometimes I don't.
Sometimes I don't believe I know you.
Sometimes I don't get you.
Sometimes I don't know why I'm crying.
Sometimes I don't quite get what comes over you. I wish I knew that!
Sometimes I don't understand biology.
Sometimes I don't understand myself.
Sometimes I don't understand people.
Sometimes I don't understand you.
Sometimes I don't want to talk in any language.
Sometimes I don’t come to buy something specific. Like right now, I’m just walking in to see what they have.
Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end.
Sometimes I doubt about Tom's sanity.
Sometimes I doubt your intelligence.
Sometimes I dry my herbs outdoors. At other times I dry them in a warm oven.
Sometimes I enjoy sitting down with a good book.
Sometimes I even surprise myself.
Sometimes I fail to understand your earthling ways.
Sometimes I fall, but I never give up.
Sometimes I feel afraid of myself.
Sometimes I feel dizzy.
Sometimes I feel like I have no native language.
Sometimes I feel like I need to pee, but when I try, I can't.
Sometimes I feel like I'm being tormented by tomatoes.
Sometimes I feel like I'm not fluent in my strongest language.
Sometimes I feel like I'm not good enough to deserve to be where I am.
Sometimes I feel like I'm not making myself understood.
Sometimes I feel like a burden on the people around me.
Sometimes I feel like a burden to the people around me.
Sometimes I feel like a motherless child.
Sometimes I feel like eating stew.
Sometimes I feel like just sitting on the porch.
Sometimes I feel like kicking my own rump.
Sometimes I feel like killing you.
Sometimes I feel like living a more peaceful life.
Sometimes I feel like my French isn't as good as I say it is.
Sometimes I feel like saying, "To hell with it all."
Sometimes I feel nostalgic for my childhood, I feel like things were easier back then.
Sometimes I feel sad.
Sometimes I feel the need to stir the pot, you know.
Sometimes I feel the urge to hug someone.
Sometimes I feel tired of walking.
Sometimes I find it very difficult to translate a sentence from Portuguese to Toki Pona.
Sometimes I find that I basically have no time to pay attention to irrelevant trivia.
Sometimes I forget Tom is still a child.
Sometimes I forget to breathe.
Sometimes I forget to remember how really wonderful life can be.
Sometimes I forget you're a girl.
Sometimes I found myself doubting whether it was not all some dream or some strange chimera of my unbalanced brain.
Sometimes I get a little paranoid.
Sometimes I get ahead of myself.
Sometimes I get carried away.
Sometimes I get embarrassed by something I did a few minutes ago.
Sometimes I get giddy.
Sometimes I get itchy feet.
Sometimes I get jealous.
Sometimes I get lonely.
Sometimes I get out of line.
Sometimes I get really lonely.
Sometimes I get sad.
Sometimes I get very pessimistic.
Sometimes I go and sometimes I don't.
Sometimes I go by bus and sometimes by car.
Sometimes I go hiking with Tom.
Sometimes I go to movies alone.
Sometimes I go to school by bus and sometimes I walk.
Sometimes I go to the beach.
Sometimes I go, other times I don't.
Sometimes I go, sometimes I don't.
Sometimes I go, sometimes I don’t.
Sometimes I happen to go on foot.
Sometimes I hate myself.
Sometimes I have a feeling that we are a nation of bumpkins.
Sometimes I have doubts.
Sometimes I have feelings of being tormented by loneliness.
Sometimes I have pain.
Sometimes I have premonitory dreams.
Sometimes I have the impression that we'll never come to an agreement.
Sometimes I have to read boring novels.
Sometimes I have to turn guests away because we're fully booked. When those guests who do have a booking don't then turn up, it's very annoying.
Sometimes I have to walk to school.
Sometimes I have trouble expressing myself.
Sometimes I have wished I was born a boy, but when I see Moody Spurgeon I'm always glad I'm a girl and not his sister.
Sometimes I hear my father singing in the bath.
Sometimes I hear my father singing in the shower.
Sometimes I hear rumours about her.
Sometimes I hear things.
Sometimes I hear voices.
Sometimes I just stumble upon the funniest memes.
Sometimes I just want to run away and disappear.
Sometimes I just want to watch this whole place burn down.
Sometimes I laugh sometimes I cry.
Sometimes I laugh.
Sometimes I like a lie-in until noon on Sunday mornings.
Sometimes I like to feed leftover breadcrumbs to the minnows in the neighborhood pond.
Sometimes I like to fish for trout or salmon.
Sometimes I like to grab my phone, curl up in my toasty bed, and just tap away.
Sometimes I like to stand in a field and cry about how big and small the field is at the same time.
Sometimes I make mistakes.
Sometimes I need my father.
Sometimes I need things to be spelled out to me, otherwise I don't understand.
Sometimes I need to be alone.
Sometimes I notice Tom in the nightclub meeting people face to face.
Sometimes I only read the headlines.
Sometimes I overthink things which leads me to postpone and ultimately never achieve the goal I had in mind.
Sometimes I play a game of chess.
Sometimes I prefer to speak with laborers and bricklayers than with those stupid people who call themselves cultured.
Sometimes I question if he even has a brain.
Sometimes I read so much that I forget about food and sleep.
Sometimes I really hate my dogs.
Sometimes I run into Tom at the club.
Sometimes I run out of money.
Sometimes I say "yes," even though I want to say "no."
Sometimes I say to myself, I cannot do anything.
Sometimes I say to myself: "Stop gorging yourself, Dima!" Then I keep gorging myself, since I'm not Dima.
Sometimes I see blades of grass in my cat's vomit.
Sometimes I see him at the club.
Sometimes I see him in the street.
Sometimes I sleep on my back, sometimes on my stomach, and other times on my side.
Sometimes I sleep on the sofa.
Sometimes I smoke just to give my hands something to do.
Sometimes I smoke just to have something to do with my hands.
Sometimes I stay for three hours at Tatoeba.
Sometimes I stay three hours in Tatoeba.
Sometimes I still do that.
Sometimes I still do.
Sometimes I still miss her.
Sometimes I stop and think about the true meaning of existence.
Sometimes I struggle to speak English.
Sometimes I struggle to speak French.
Sometimes I surprise myself.
Sometimes I take a bus to visit my girlfriend.
Sometimes I take the bus, and sometimes I drive.
Sometimes I talk with my friends in Toki Pona, so that other people don't know what we're saying.
Sometimes I tell myself that this damned government robbed us of our youth.
Sometimes I tell myself: "Stop stuffing your face, Dima!" Then I keep stuffing my face, since I'm not Dima.
Sometimes I think I'd be better off dead.
Sometimes I think I'll never be on my own. Both of my parents always seem to need my help.
Sometimes I think I’d be better off dead.
Sometimes I think I’ll never be on my own. Both of my parents always seem to need my help.
Sometimes I think Tom enjoys learning French.
Sometimes I think Tom knows everything.
Sometimes I think Tom likes making people sick.
Sometimes I think Tom lives at the library.
Sometimes I think Tom lives at the museum.
Sometimes I think Tom lives here.
Sometimes I think about my future and forget to breathe.
Sometimes I think life is meaningless.
Sometimes I think of Tom.
Sometimes I think that Tom lives at the museum.
Sometimes I think that Tom lives here.
Sometimes I think that you're completely incapable of love.
Sometimes I think you enjoy being miserable.
Sometimes I think, sometimes I am.
Sometimes I understand you.
Sometimes I use the scissors as a can opener.
Sometimes I wake up in the night and wonder what I'll do if I don't pass.
Sometimes I walk home from work and sometimes I cycle, because I live close to where I work.
Sometimes I walk to work, and sometimes I ride my bike, because I live very close to work.
Sometimes I want to ask God why He allows poverty, famine and injustice in the world when He could do something about it, but I'm afraid He might just ask me the same question.
Sometimes I want to break your fingers.
Sometimes I want to eat stew.
Sometimes I want to hide from this harsh, cruel world, and escape to a place where I know I'm safe.
Sometimes I will be weak.
Sometimes I will lose the context of my speech in an instant, as if a sudden gust of wind blows away the music score being played without leaving a trace.
Sometimes I wish I had a different religion.
Sometimes I wish I had a twin brother. That'd be fun.
Sometimes I wish I was a girl.
Sometimes I wish I was hard of hearing, so I wouldn't have to always suffer through the nerve-wracking grocery store music while searching for the right kind of potatoes.
Sometimes I wish I were a girl.
Sometimes I wish I were dead.
Sometimes I wish that I could just forget about all my responsibilities.
Sometimes I wish we weren't related.
Sometimes I wonder about the meaning of translating sentences that even native speakers don’t fully understand. It's clear they are sentences copied from some book; what is their true significance?
Sometimes I wonder how Mrs. Sonia would translate that sentence to Toki Pona.
Sometimes I wonder how some very old people manage to still be standing on their own two feet.
Sometimes I wonder how there can be so many stars in the sky.
Sometimes I wonder if I shouldn't have become a lawyer.
Sometimes I wonder if I shouldn't have stayed in Australia.
Sometimes I wonder if I shouldn't have stayed in Boston.
Sometimes I wonder if I shouldn’t have become a lawyer.
Sometimes I wonder if I shouldn’t have stayed in Boston.
Sometimes I wonder if he even cares about others.
Sometimes I wonder if they really change the way people think.
Sometimes I wonder if this world is just in someone's head, and he dreams us all into existence. Perhaps it's even me.
Sometimes I wonder if this world is just in someone’s head, and he dreams us all into existence. Perhaps it’s even me.
Sometimes I wonder what Tom is thinking.
Sometimes I wonder what goes on inside your head.
Sometimes I wonder what he's thinking about.
Sometimes I wonder what it's all about.
Sometimes I wonder what might have been.
Sometimes I wonder what would be the best way to learn to translate.
Sometimes I wonder what you're thinking about.
Sometimes I wonder what you're thinking.
Sometimes I wonder when the first world championship in cyberbullying will take place.
Sometimes I wonder whether I did the right thing.
Sometimes I wonder whether or not I made the right decision.
Sometimes I wonder whether or not I would have been better off never having met you.
Sometimes I wonder whether or not I'm just crazy.
Sometimes I wonder whether or not there's a point to all of this.
Sometimes I wonder whether or not you were right all along.
Sometimes I wonder who I am.
Sometimes I wonder why I even try.
Sometimes I wonder why people delete their comments. Why promote decontextualization on a site where the community means everything? Yes, sometimes they forget that when they remove a comment, all the related comments won't make much more sense.
Sometimes I work from dawn to dusk in the fields.
Sometimes I work holidays.
Sometimes I work on holidays.
Sometimes I work, and sometimes I play.
Sometimes I worry a lot about that.
Sometimes I worry about what they say about security on the Internet, because among my followers there are people that I don't know, but that I've added because they sent a request.
Sometimes I worry we're all going to end up like Tom.
Sometimes I write longer sentences because they offer more information or context and are useful to work out the meaning of words.
Sometimes I'd like to know who invented winter and the cold.
Sometimes I'd strangle him!
Sometimes I'm a bit forgetful.
Sometimes I'm criticized in my own country for professing a belief in international norms and multilateral institutions. But I am convinced that in the long run, giving up some freedom of action -- not giving up our ability to protect ourselves or pursue our core interests, but binding ourselves to international rules over the long term -- enhances our security. And I think that's not just true for us.
Sometimes I'm filled with such revulsion that I spit.
Sometimes I'm glad to see her.
Sometimes I'm missing all of them.
Sometimes I'm not the best at turning my thoughts into words.
Sometimes I'm picky, sometimes I'm not.
Sometimes I'm right and sometimes I'm wrong.
Sometimes I'm right, sometimes Tom is.
Sometimes I'm scared of the dark.
Sometimes I'm too bossy.
Sometimes I'm too noisy.
Sometimes I'm unable to hide my emotions.
Sometimes I've slept through the afternoon and went without dinner.
Sometimes Markku is a bit slow on the uptake.
Sometimes Mary does that and sometimes she doesn't.
Sometimes Mary exaggerates her own willingness to compromise.
Sometimes Mary is just unbearable!
Sometimes Mary is simply unbearable!
Sometimes Paris exhausts me, but often Brussels bores me. Therefore, I live between the two.
Sometimes Paris tires me, but often... Brussels bores me. So I live between the two.
Sometimes Sam sleeps badly.
Sometimes Sami exaggerates.
Sometimes Spenser cares so much about Trang that he leads her to believe he is being overprotective.
Sometimes Tatoeba is as slow as molasses in January.
Sometimes Tom and Mary are really crazy.
Sometimes Tom and Mary do that and sometimes they don't.
Sometimes Tom and Mary don't really understand what's going on.
Sometimes Tom and Mary get things wrong.
Sometimes Tom and Mary try too hard.
Sometimes Tom came to meet his old friends.
Sometimes Tom does that and sometimes he doesn't.
Sometimes Tom does that.
Sometimes Tom doesn't really understand what's going on.
Sometimes Tom exaggerates.
Sometimes Tom forgets to eat.
Sometimes Tom gets things wrong.
Sometimes Tom is a little weird.
Sometimes Tom is really crazy.
Sometimes Tom says things that he doesn't believe.
Sometimes Tom swims laps before breakfast.
Sometimes Tom tries too hard.
Sometimes Tom uses the preterite (past) incorrectly.
Sometimes Tom uses the preterite incorrectly.
Sometimes Tony visited his family.
Sometimes Ziri snores at night.
Sometimes a bright word comes suddenly, without any search, by itself.
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.
Sometimes a clear path can solve the problem.
Sometimes a dog can be a dangerous animal.
Sometimes a flower should be enough to smile.
Sometimes a friend is preferable to family.
Sometimes a friendly gesture is worth more than a thousand words.
Sometimes a ladder is a sign of bad luck.
Sometimes a large robotic arm is used to move astronauts on spacewalks. Astronauts are attached to the robotic arm using a foot restraint.
Sometimes a nod is enough to show someone that you're listening attentively.
Sometimes a sentence is worth more than a word, and sometimes a word is worth more than a sentence.
Sometimes a unicycle is enough to drive through life. But I prefer the tandem.
Sometimes a verb is derived from a noun and sometimes it is the other way around.
Sometimes a visit to a national park means hiking rugged trails and climbing high mountains. Other times it means crawling through caves or rafting down a wild river.
Sometimes a word is enough.
Sometimes a word will do.
Sometimes adults behave like children.
Sometimes all we have is our dreams.
Sometimes all you need is a little luck.
Sometimes an Italian street musician came to town.
Sometimes an intern is just a dogsbody.
Sometimes bad things happen to good people.
Sometimes bad things happen to people.
Sometimes bad things happen.
Sometimes bears come into our village.
Sometimes bears roam our village.
Sometimes bears wander into our village.
Sometimes because of their atmospheres and sometimes because of the gases which surround them.
Sometimes being alive isn't enough and life is too hard and I don't know why.
Sometimes being overcautious in planning could upset the apple cart.
Sometimes both sides are right about each other.
Sometimes cats' inquisitive personalities get the best of them.
Sometimes correcting is harder than writing.
Sometimes courage is more valuable than caution.
Sometimes cows are killed by coyotes.
Sometimes critics don't know what they criticise.
Sometimes critics don't know what they're criticizing.
Sometimes critics don’t know what they criticise.
Sometimes death is liberation from pain.
Sometimes dreams change.
Sometimes dreams do come true.
Sometimes emojis act as a kind of language to communicate important information about emotions or attitudes that might be difficult to express in writing, yet are part of the idea the writer wants to send.
Sometimes emojis act as a kind of language to communicate important information about emotions or attitudes.
Sometimes entertainment is provided.
Sometimes even minor errors can lead to serious accidents.
Sometimes even small mistakes can lead to big accidents.
Sometimes even that isn't enough.
Sometimes everything goes wrong.
Sometimes family feuds extend through the generations.
Sometimes first offenders are in need of help.
Sometimes friends can develop feelings for each other.
Sometimes gestures are more expressive than speech.
Sometimes giving up is no mistake.
Sometimes goodbyes aren't forever.
Sometimes guts is all you need.
Sometimes guys can be really stupid.
Sometimes he acted as if he were my boss.
Sometimes he acts as if he were my boss.
Sometimes he acts quite strangely.
Sometimes he also has lunch here.
Sometimes he behaves strangely.
Sometimes he behaves very strangely.
Sometimes he can be a strange guy.
Sometimes he disappeared without telling anyone.
Sometimes he does something naughty.
Sometimes he does that.
Sometimes he drives to work.
Sometimes he gets angry at me.
Sometimes he gets on my nerves.
Sometimes he has difficulties with being articulate about his views.
Sometimes he has difficulty being articulate about his views.
Sometimes he misses Algeria a lot.
Sometimes he reads detective stories.
Sometimes he runs, sometimes he walks.
Sometimes he says things that hurt me.
Sometimes he seems very distant.
Sometimes he sleeps longer than he should.
Sometimes he spends time by himself.
Sometimes he spent his day at the chemical laboratory, sometimes in the dissecting rooms, and occasionally in long walks, which appeared to take him into the lowest portions of the city.
Sometimes he takes the words right out of my mouth.
Sometimes he talks a little weird.
Sometimes he was desolate and innocent, but sometimes gracious and flamboyant. I couldn't know his all sides yet.
Sometimes he went off without telling anyone.
Sometimes he would give her cheeses made of cow's milk, sometimes ripe fruit, sometimes garlands of fresh flowers, or birds which he had captured in their nests. On one occasion even he presented her with a goblet, gilded at the edges, and on another with a little calf from the mountains.
Sometimes he's aware that everything is going wrong.
Sometimes he's happy, sometimes melancholic.
Sometimes her free manner seems rude.
Sometimes her mother sang old songs.
Sometimes his voice gets deep.
Sometimes history repeats itself.
Sometimes hockey players get so competitive that fights break out.
Sometimes humans don't recognize that they are naturally unempathetic.
Sometimes in life you have to take the rough with the smooth.
Sometimes in the afternoon I get a headache and I feel nauseous.
Sometimes in the course of our adventure we came upon worlds inhabited by intelligent beings, whose developed personality was an expression not of the single individual organism but of a group of organisms. In most cases this state of affairs had arisen through the necessity of combining intelligence with lightness of the individual body. A large planet, rather close to its sun, or swayed by a very large satellite, would be swept by great ocean tides. Vast areas of its surface would be periodically submerged and exposed. In such a world flight was very desirable, but owing to the strength of gravitation only a small creature, a relatively small mass of molecules, could fly. A brain large enough for complex "human" activity could not have been lifted. In such worlds the organic basis of intelligence was often a swarm of avian creatures no bigger than sparrows. A host of individual bodies were possessed together by a single individual mind of human rank. The body of this mind was multiple, but the mind itself was almost as firmly knit as the mind of a man. As flocks of dunlin or redshank stream and wheel and soar and quiver over our estuaries, so above the great tide-flooded cultivated regions of these worlds the animated clouds of avians maneuvered, each cloud a single center of consciousness.
Sometimes in the summer it gets so hot that people lose all their energy and get catatonic.
Sometimes innocent people get executed.
Sometimes it can be frustratingly difficult to find vegan wine or beer.
Sometimes it can't be avoided.
Sometimes it depends on luck.
Sometimes it does, but not always.
Sometimes it feels as if we were living in a fishbowl.
Sometimes it feels like his only purpose in life is to make me miserable.
Sometimes it feels like the only thing I do is work.
Sometimes it happens.
Sometimes it hurts, but the truth will always be welcome, no matter the situation.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
Sometimes it is better to keep quiet.
Sometimes it is difficult to find a good job.
Sometimes it is hard to tell how a quarrel comes about.
Sometimes it is important to take a decision quickly.
Sometimes it is important to take the decision fast.
Sometimes it is pleasant to look back on one's childhood.
Sometimes it is pleasant to look back on one’s childhood.
Sometimes it isn't enough for two people speak the same language.
Sometimes it just happens that way.
Sometimes it just happens.
Sometimes it looks as if people were celebrating their own stupidity.
Sometimes it makes things very complicated.
Sometimes it may seem like we're not making any progress.
Sometimes it may seem like we’re not making any progress.
Sometimes it really hurts.
Sometimes it seems like all you care about is money.
Sometimes it seems like his only purpose in life is to make me miserable.
Sometimes it seems like the law doesn't apply to the rich and powerful.
Sometimes it seems that Tom's dog is smarter than he is.
Sometimes it seems that everybody hates me.
Sometimes it seems that no matter what you do, you can't make a difference.
Sometimes it seems to me as though everybody in the world speaks English.
Sometimes it seems to me that you just don't really want to be here.
Sometimes it snows on Christmas.
Sometimes it still hurts.
Sometimes it takes a month until I get a reply.
Sometimes it takes a month until I get a response.
Sometimes it takes more than one person to do this.
Sometimes it would be good to be a believer.
Sometimes it's OK to show crazy emotion.
Sometimes it's a good thing to have a touch of madness.
Sometimes it's a little hard to tell if Tom's happy or not.
Sometimes it's a month before I get a reply.
Sometimes it's a month before I get an answer.
Sometimes it's best to stand still.
Sometimes it's better not to know.
Sometimes it's better not to say anything.
Sometimes it's better to concentrate on a modest objective in order to achieve a more ambitious one.
Sometimes it's better to just not say anything.
Sometimes it's better to keep quiet.
Sometimes it's better to leave business unfinished.
Sometimes it's better to lie.
Sometimes it's better to remain silent.
Sometimes it's better to say nothing.
Sometimes it's dangerous to tell the truth.
Sometimes it's difficult to safely navigate the internet.
Sometimes it's easier to say yes than explain why not.
Sometimes it's easy.
Sometimes it's enough simply to nod in response.
Sometimes it's fun to creep yourself out thinking about it.
Sometimes it's fun to just wander about aimlessly.
Sometimes it's fun to reminisce about one's childhood.
Sometimes it's fun to reminisce about when one was a boy.
Sometimes it's good for a married couple to go to a hot spring together—just the two of them.
Sometimes it's good to challenge yourself and step outside your comfort zone.
Sometimes it's good to try new things.
Sometimes it's great to spend some time alone.
Sometimes it's hard to be tactful and honest at the same time.
Sometimes it's hard to face the truth.
Sometimes it's hard to make decisions quickly.
Sometimes it's hard to persuade children to eat.
Sometimes it's hard to resist the impulse to burst out laughing.
Sometimes it's hard to swallow the truth.
Sometimes it's hard to tell when Tom and Mary are being serious.
Sometimes it's important to make a decision quickly.
Sometimes it's important to make decisions quickly.
Sometimes it's impossible to tell twins apart.
Sometimes it's just best to avoid topics that might be controversial.
Sometimes it's just best to let things go.
Sometimes it's just the opposite.
Sometimes it's like that.
Sometimes it's necessary to tell the truth.
Sometimes it's not possible to convey the same idea in another language.
Sometimes it's not so simple.
Sometimes it's pleasant to look back on one's childhood.
Sometimes it's simple enough to nod in response.
Sometimes it's the converts who are the most devout.
Sometimes it's the one who says no who's worse off.
Sometimes it's too hot for hillwalking.
Sometimes it's too hot to go for a walk.
Sometimes it's too hot to go walking.
Sometimes it's too late to apologize.
Sometimes it's tough being a dad.
Sometimes it's tough being a kid.
Sometimes it’s OK to show crazy emotion.
Sometimes it’s good for a married couple to go to a hot spring togetherâ€”just the two of them.
Sometimes it’s hard to be tactful and honest at the same time.
Sometimes it’s hard to persuade children to eat.
Sometimes it’s hard to resist the impulse to burst out laughing.
Sometimes it’s just best to avoid topics that might be controversial.
Sometimes just one word is enough.
Sometimes keeping silent is the only way to show how hurt one is.
Sometimes kids make bad choices.
Sometimes less is more.
Sometimes lies have nice legs.
Sometimes life can be very complicated.
Sometimes life decides for us.
Sometimes life gives you gifts.
Sometimes life hits you with a brick on your head. Don't lose faith. I am convinced that the only thing that kept me going was the fact that I loved what I did. You have to find what you love. And that goes for your work as well as for your lovers.
Sometimes life really does imitate art.
Sometimes literal translations are perfectly apt.
Sometimes little kids aspire to be strange things.
Sometimes love is all-consuming.
Sometimes love is forbidden.
Sometimes love isn't enough.
Sometimes love simply isn't enough.
Sometimes luck comes when you least expect it.
Sometimes machines can make an unconscious person breathe for years.
Sometimes machines still function even though they're missing a few pieces.
Sometimes malice is a better explanation than stupidity.
Sometimes married people long to be single.
Sometimes maybe it's better not to tell the truth.
Sometimes miracles come to see people.
Sometimes miracles still happen.
Sometimes moving out is the best choice.
Sometimes music serves as inspiration for me to create sentences for Tatoeba.
Sometimes my boyfriend flirts with other women.
Sometimes my cat acts like a dog.
Sometimes my dog barks in the middle of the night.
Sometimes my fingers type something other than what my brain dictates.
Sometimes my grandfather talks to himself when left alone.
Sometimes my hands shake.
Sometimes my own sincerity amazes me.
Sometimes my phone acts like it has a mind of its own.
Sometimes my questions are answered.
Sometimes my sister makes supper.
Sometimes my son comes to visit me.
Sometimes no matter how hard we try, it's just not enough.
Sometimes nodding is sufficient to indicate to a person that you're listening attentively to him or her.
Sometimes nodding is sufficient to indicate to a person that you're listening attentively to them.
Sometimes numbers say more than words.
Sometimes on a winter's night the Snow Queen flies through the streets of the town, and breathes with her frosty breath upon the windows, and then they are covered with strange and beautiful forms, like trees and flowers.
Sometimes one feels the need to take stock of one's existence.
Sometimes one took the entire management both of the goats and the sheep, whilst the other was engaged in some amusement.
Sometimes one word is enough.
Sometimes only expropriation can prevent a social tragedy.
Sometimes our friends are not good people.
Sometimes our minds play tricks on us.
Sometimes our prayers aren't answered the way we want them to be.
Sometimes pain makes us stronger.
Sometimes people ask, "How are you?" if the person has been away from the place for quite sometime.
Sometimes people can know each other too well.
Sometimes people correct me.
Sometimes people eat too fast.
Sometimes people make the same mistake over and over.
Sometimes people make wrong decisions.
Sometimes people need reminding that it's Friday.
Sometimes people use high heat to cauterize wounds.
Sometimes pillows also fly.
Sometimes politics is really hard to avoid.
Sometimes raisins are added.
Sometimes reading took up half his time.
Sometimes reality and fantasy are hard to distinguish.
Sometimes reality seems to me unreal.
Sometimes reality surpasses fiction.
Sometimes really bad things happen.
Sometimes repetition of a word can be applied to one's advantage as a means of emphasis.
Sometimes rich people look down on other people who do not have much money.
Sometimes rocks contain quartz.
Sometimes sacrifices are necessary.
Sometimes she also employed herself in plucking the lower bunches of grapes.
Sometimes she cries, and sometimes she laughs.
Sometimes she drives to work.
Sometimes she goes by bus, and sometimes by car.
Sometimes she punctuates her sentences with a fart.
Sometimes she says things that hurt me.
Sometimes she tried talking to him about India.
Sometimes she was careless enough to lose her way.
Sometimes she wears a red dress.
Sometimes she’s on her phone because musicians today have to be marketing wizards, video editors and so much more.
Sometimes silence is not oblivion. Sometimes silence is only patience.
Sometimes social isolation is necessary due to emergencies like a global pandemic.
Sometimes something needs to be sacrificed.
Sometimes stories that we see in movies that are based in reality you sort of have to increase the drama. This one was a real drama.
Sometimes students took textbooks in the library.
Sometimes teachers are really mean and unfair.
Sometimes telling the truth hurts.
Sometimes that happens.
Sometimes that just happens.
Sometimes that just isn't enough.
Sometimes that tired-out face of yours appears in front of my eyes.
Sometimes that's just the way it is.
Sometimes the Allies could not avoid battle.
Sometimes the best pork comes from a bad pig.
Sometimes the best things happen when you don't expect them.
Sometimes the boys would play a joke on the teacher.
Sometimes the boys would play a trick on their teacher.
Sometimes the bull wins.
Sometimes the differences in meanings can be very important, and lead to funny or strange situations if the words are used the wrong way.
Sometimes the end justifies the means.
Sometimes the facts don't seem to matter in politics.
Sometimes the film score is too loud, which irritates me.
Sometimes the first symptom of cardiovascular disease is death.
Sometimes the game lasted all day.
Sometimes the hardest thing and the best thing are the same thing.
Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same thing.
Sometimes the mind does play tricks.
Sometimes the money starts coming to an end; sometimes it stops coming in the first place.
Sometimes the most important clues are the ones that seem the most insignificant.
Sometimes the most inspired ideas seem to just come from out of the blue.
Sometimes the nanny goat wants to go into the forest to get food. She calls all seven kids and warns them about the vicious wolf.
Sometimes the nights are cool.
Sometimes the old landlady would come by and said "That child doesn't cry", but it was that my babysitting was godly.
Sometimes the old landlady would come by and said "That child doesn’t cry", but it was that my babysitting was godly.
Sometimes the only way out is 'through'.
Sometimes the opposite is also the case.
Sometimes the people you think don't want to talk to you are the ones waiting for you to talk to them.
Sometimes the people you think you can trust are the very ones you shouldn't.
Sometimes the prejudice isn't so clear.
Sometimes the rain is so intense that it gives the impression that the universal flood is just around the corner.
Sometimes the results are unwanted side effects. But sometimes they offer opportunities to treat entirely different conditions.
Sometimes the rich hold the poor in contempt.
Sometimes the silence is more talkative than the speech.
Sometimes the stock market goes up and sometimes it goes down.
Sometimes the stock market goes up, and sometimes it goes down.
Sometimes the system of checks and balances gets out of balance.
Sometimes the time flies by.
Sometimes the waves are higher than the ships.
Sometimes the wind sounded like the crying of a child.
Sometimes the world feels bored.
Sometimes the world feels boring.
Sometimes there are twelve of us sleeping in my room.
Sometimes there was only the width of the road between the imposing precipices on the right and the clear cool water on the left with its shoals of uncatchable fish skimming about through the bars of sun and shadow; and sometimes, in place of the precipices, the grassy land stretched away, in an apparently endless upward slant, and was dotted everywhere with snug little chalets, the peculiarly captivating cottage of Switzerland.
Sometimes these things happen for a reason.
Sometimes they go by bus, and sometimes by car.
Sometimes they had a whole cake for a dollar.
Sometimes they leave the monastery to stroll through the city.
Sometimes they say things. Those things hurt me.
Sometimes they say, "I can't go to school today. I'll go tomorrow."
Sometimes they say, "I can’t go to school today. I’ll go tomorrow."
Sometimes they say: "I can't go to school. I'll go tomorrow".
Sometimes they sportively began to pelt each other with apples, and on other occasions they amused themselves with adorning each other's hair, which they braided in various forms.
Sometimes they talk about revolution.
Sometimes they want to, sometimes they don't.
Sometimes they watch a movie together.
Sometimes things are best left unsaid.
Sometimes things don't work out as well as you expect them to.
Sometimes things don't work out as well as you want them to.
Sometimes things don't work out as well as you would like them to.
Sometimes things don't work out as well as you'd expect them to.
Sometimes things don't work out the way you expect them to.
Sometimes things just click.
Sometimes things that happen do not make sense.
Sometimes thinking about dealing with the minor issues that can be solved or improved is better than wasting time on the main issues that nothing can be done for them.
Sometimes this closeness is distracting and they might start "goofing off" towards the end of their study sessions.
Sometimes those photos are not very good.
Sometimes to correct is harder than to write.
Sometimes too much to drink is barely enough.
Sometimes trade-offs are made when projects are rushed.
Sometimes translations do create ambiguity.
Sometimes trying your best isn't good enough.
Sometimes trying your best just isn't good enough.
Sometimes twins can't be told apart.
Sometimes violence is useful.
Sometimes water becomes a precious commodity.
Sometimes we are told that we need to learn to cook from a mother.
Sometimes we argue about things that don't matter that much.
Sometimes we call the really high-heeled shoes that women wear "killer heels."
Sometimes we can be wrong.
Sometimes we code switch and interweave English and Spanish words when talking.
Sometimes we do need to forget our problems.
Sometimes we do what we have to do, not what we want to do.
Sometimes we don’t do things we want to do so that others won’t know we want to do them.
Sometimes we forget that life is beautiful.
Sometimes we forget that.
Sometimes we forget things.
Sometimes we forget to do things that need to be done.
Sometimes we forget we have two hands, one to help ourselves and our families, and another to help others.
Sometimes we get lost.
Sometimes we go by bus, and sometimes by car.
Sometimes we go for a drive.
Sometimes we go shopping.
Sometimes we have meetings on Mondays.
Sometimes we have to go into the distance to get close to ourselves again.
Sometimes we have to serve our husbands like slaves.
Sometimes we inclined to conceive it as sheer Power, and symbolized it to ourselves by means of all the myriad power-deities of our many worlds. Sometimes we felt assured that it was pure Reason, and that the cosmos was but an exercise of the divine mathematician. Sometimes Love seemed to us its essential character, and we imagined it with the forms of all the Christs of all the worlds, the human Christs, the Echino-derm and Nautiloid Christs, the dual Christ of the Sym-biotics, the swarming Christ of the Insectoids. But equally it appeared to us as unreasoning Creativity, at once blind and subtle, tender and cruel, caring only to spawn and spawn the infinite variety of beings, conceiving here and there among a thousand inanities a fragile loveliness. This it might for a while foster with maternal solicitude, till in a sudden jealousy of the excellence of its own creature, it would destroy what it had made.
Sometimes we judge others based on their actions.
Sometimes we just have to do things we don't want to do.
Sometimes we just have to make the time.
Sometimes we just have to tear things down.
Sometimes we just let Tom cry himself to sleep.
Sometimes we just want to give up.
Sometimes we lie so that we don't hurt the feelings of others.
Sometimes we lie to keep from hurting someone else's feelings.
Sometimes we lie to keep from hurting someone else’s feelings.
Sometimes we meet in the shop.
Sometimes we need to be guided by reason, and sometimes by intuition.
Sometimes we need to look back to know where we are going to.
Sometimes we need to take a step back and think.
Sometimes we should stop to think.
Sometimes we speak French, but we usually speak English.
Sometimes we teach, sometimes we learn.
Sometimes we watch TV in the evening.
Sometimes we wonder if life has meaning, and then we meet beings who give it meaning.
Sometimes we wonder if life has meaning, and then we meet people who give it meaning.
Sometimes what we don't do is every bit as powerful as what we do.
Sometimes when he was alone, he walked along, saying to himself: "Ah! What strange effects I feel from that kiss which Chloe gave me!"
Sometimes when it's very cold, I can't get my car to start.
Sometimes when it’s very cold, I can’t get my car to start.
Sometimes when people are uncomfortable they smile.
Sometimes with rod and line they would angle the fish which swim among the rocks; sometimes with their dogs and nets they would catch the hares which had fled from the vineyards, terrified by the noise of the grape gatherers.
Sometimes wolves gnaw at each other's throats, but the lives of sheep don't get easier from this.
Sometimes work troubles spill over into home life.
Sometimes you can indulge yourself in some luxury.
Sometimes you can see the ISS in the sky.
Sometimes you can't see the beauty which lies in front of you.
Sometimes you can't sleep at all.
Sometimes you can't tell.
Sometimes you can’t sleep at all.
Sometimes you create a website or build something on a platform that gets bought out and changed or simply vanishes after funding or interest dries up.
Sometimes you don't have to speak the same language to understand each other.
Sometimes you don't need to speak the same language in order to understand each other.
Sometimes you feel you need to take stock of where you stand.
Sometimes you get lucky.
Sometimes you go by bus, and sometimes by car.
Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do.
Sometimes you have to acknowledge the truth and move on.
Sometimes you have to choose between looking good and being comfortable.
Sometimes you have to do something bad to achieve something good.
Sometimes you have to do things you don't want to do.
Sometimes you have to forget about work.
Sometimes you have to get through failures, but it always becomes easier soon.
Sometimes you have to sacrifice something.
Sometimes you have to slay a few dragons to get to the princess.
Sometimes you have to surrender.
Sometimes you have to take chances.
Sometimes you have to walk so as not to be far away.
Sometimes you just have to do things that you don't want to do.
Sometimes you just have to do things you don't want to do.
Sometimes you just need a lot of luck.
Sometimes you just need to check the library archives to uncover the hypocrisy of some people.
Sometimes you just want to eat chocolate.
Sometimes you just want to spend the whole day doing nothing.
Sometimes you need a break.
Sometimes you need chocolate.
Sometimes you need to distance yourself to see things clearly.
Sometimes you need to have the courage to make tough decisions.
Sometimes you save time by taking the longer road.
Sometimes you say you love me, sometimes you say you hate me. Please let me know when you're going to stop it.
Sometimes you scare me.
Sometimes you should do things that you want to do.
Sometimes you should make a mistake to be properly understood.
Sometimes you sound like a girl.
Sometimes you surprise me.
Sometimes you try my patience too much.
Sometimes you will all wonder.
Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose.
Sometimes you wonder what the right decision is.
Sometimes you're so irritating.
Sometimes you're so unimaginative.
Sometimes you're the tree, sometimes you're the dog. Such is life!
Sometimes your mind plays tricks on you.
Sometimes, AI is not perfect and it can make mistakes.
Sometimes, Anna wears a Shawi dress.
Sometimes, Donald gave Jessica drugs.
Sometimes, Donald had to go to the hospital.
Sometimes, Donald hit Jessica.
Sometimes, Felix got prank calls at absurd times of the night.
Sometimes, Grandma is more dangerous than the KGB.
Sometimes, I am angry at everything.
Sometimes, I buy frozen vegetables.
Sometimes, I couldn't tell if we were rivals or friends.
Sometimes, I don't recognize who I've become.
Sometimes, I don't think he really wants to know the truth.
Sometimes, I don't think she really wants to know the truth.
Sometimes, I don't understand him.
Sometimes, I don't understand my dad when he talks to my grandmother and grandfather.
Sometimes, I even impress myself.
Sometimes, I experience so much pain that I cannot sleep at night.
Sometimes, I feel discriminated against, but it does not make me angry. It merely astonishes me. How can they deny themselves the pleasure of my company?
Sometimes, I feel like I can do anything.
Sometimes, I feel like a ghost in my own home.
Sometimes, I feel like a hamster racing on a wheel.
Sometimes, I feel like a hamster running on a wheel.
Sometimes, I feel like an unplanned project in their lives.
Sometimes, I feel like everyone is ignoring me.
Sometimes, I feel like life is passing me by.
Sometimes, I have nothing to say about Tom.
Sometimes, I hit the snooze button to get an extra 10 minutes of rest.
Sometimes, I imagine a world in which there is no computer, and no Internet.
Sometimes, I impress myself.
Sometimes, I just can't decide what I truly want.
Sometimes, I lay out some toys in that specific spot to let my partner know I'm in the right mood.
Sometimes, I miss the happiness we shared, yet it no longer feels real.
Sometimes, I sleep on the couch.
Sometimes, I think I love you too much.
Sometimes, I think I'm in a nuthouse.
Sometimes, I think Tom is a robot.
Sometimes, I think Tom isn't listening to me.
Sometimes, I think about that too.
Sometimes, I think about the future, and I forget to breathe.
Sometimes, I think about where the little green men live.
Sometimes, I think not all humans are sentient beings.
Sometimes, I think that I am like one of the Vorlons, an ancient spacefaring civilization, in the franchise Babylon 5. They have special soul-memory preservation technology.
Sometimes, I think that I think too much.
Sometimes, I think the president is just trying to ignite a controversy when he gives a speech.
Sometimes, I think too much.
Sometimes, I want to die.
Sometimes, I wish I could change what I see in the mirror.
Sometimes, I wish I could walk through time, and meet myself back when I was still a child.
Sometimes, I wish I was never born.
Sometimes, I wish Tom were more like John.
Sometimes, I wish Tom would die.
Sometimes, I wish Tom would just leave.
Sometimes, I wonder if he even cares about others.
Sometimes, I'd like to be a small bird.
Sometimes, I'm tired of translating, and I prefer writing my own sentences.
Sometimes, James would work both day and night shifts.
Sometimes, Quranic verses move me to tears.
Sometimes, Robert failed.
Sometimes, Tom embarrasses me.
Sometimes, Tom has to do things that he hates.
Sometimes, Tom likes to be alone.
Sometimes, Tom wants to be alone.
Sometimes, Ziri went overboard with his kindness.
Sometimes, Ziri would hang out with them.
Sometimes, a little bit of pride is what we need.
Sometimes, a man's got to do what a man's got to do.
Sometimes, a small change can have a big effect.
Sometimes, a small change can make a big difference.
Sometimes, accepting help is harder than offering it.
Sometimes, all it takes is a little confidence.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
Sometimes, as the Earth orbits the Sun, it comes between the Sun and the Moon. When this happens, the Earth throws a dark shadow across the Moon. This is known as an eclipse of the Moon, or a lunar eclipse.
Sometimes, authors translate their own text.
Sometimes, authors translate their own texts.
Sometimes, authors translate their texts.
Sometimes, because I didn't have a photo, I tried to somehow illustrate my explanations with a sketch or drawing.
Sometimes, boredom can be more oppressive than pain.
Sometimes, buying a cheaper product will cost you more in the long run.
Sometimes, criticism helps us grow. Sometimes not.
Sometimes, doing nothing is the best plan.
Sometimes, doing the right thing is the wrong thing.
Sometimes, doing the wrong thing is the right thing.
Sometimes, everyone is simple minded.
Sometimes, family topics are very sensitive.
Sometimes, father will ask me unexpectedly.
Sometimes, fighting isn't worth it.
Sometimes, freedom from pain comes with death.
Sometimes, friends become the family we choose.
Sometimes, having a third party present can smooth things over and give the illusion that everything is alright.
Sometimes, he appeared suddenly behind Emma, bare-headed.
Sometimes, he felt a deep loneliness even in the middle of a lively crowd.
Sometimes, he plays handball.
Sometimes, he's very strange.
Sometimes, humans are not perfect and it can make mistakes.
Sometimes, if I look at a forest of trees, I get in a trance and don't even realize until minutes later.
Sometimes, if I look at a forest of trees, I get in a trance and don’t even realize until minutes later.
Sometimes, in Tagalog, loanwords are mixed Spanish and English. There are words like "haydroponiko," being half-English, half-Spanish. These kinds of newfangled words can often be heard or seen on TV, in the news, etc.
Sometimes, in a bilingual or multilingual family, children speak to parents in Language A, and parents speak to their children in Language B, and they inter-comprehend. Such is the case in my immigrant family from the Philippines, who, in North America, have us children speak English to parents, and parents speak to us children in Tagalog. I am able to speak to other Filipinos in Tagalog. It has just become customary in my family to have the complex linguistic situation.
Sometimes, in the still of the night, I imagine how much better the world could be if everyone learned Esperanto.
Sometimes, it feels like the streets are always under construction.
Sometimes, it feels like we're on opposite teams.
Sometimes, it frightens me.
Sometimes, it is good to check out the sentences once more.
Sometimes, it's difficult to choose.
Sometimes, it's easier to ask for forgiveness, than to ask for permission.
Sometimes, it's hard to tell when Tom is being serious and when he's just joking around.
Sometimes, it's hard to tell when Tom is being serious.
Sometimes, it's in the questions, when they're well-formed, that the answers are found.
Sometimes, it's just better not to ask too many questions.
Sometimes, it's okay to say no; I’m not obliged to help you.
Sometimes, it’s hard to figure out what to choose.
Sometimes, kids are just mean.
Sometimes, knowing the truth hurts a lot.
Sometimes, labels are useful.
Sometimes, life is difficult and painful.
Sometimes, life is so unfair.
Sometimes, life is so unjust.
Sometimes, like dusty attics, your minds become cluttered with all kinds of unwanted junk.
Sometimes, loneliness feels like my only companion.
Sometimes, many problems and a lot of stress can lead you to quit your job. You must learn how to handle it quickly.
Sometimes, math problems have such improbable scenarios that I think to myself, "when would that ever happen?".
Sometimes, my alarm will go off, making me wake up on time, but I just stay in bed because I'm too drowsy to get up, making me late.
Sometimes, my friend age-regresses. It helps them feel better.
Sometimes, my memory plays tricks on me.
Sometimes, numbers are like a prison, especially in their culture.
Sometimes, one makes mistakes even in their native language.
Sometimes, one of the players manages to force the opponent to make a move that causes him to lose. It is then said that he put the opponent in zugzwang.
Sometimes, one of the politicians can be seen trying to keep the audience's opinions under control during televised debates.
Sometimes, one of the politicians can be seen trying to keep the audience’s opinions under control during televised debates.
Sometimes, parents consider the monogram that will be formed from their child’s name. A monogram is made with the first letter of each name.
Sometimes, people can become so sick from a Salmonella infection that they have to go to the hospital.
Sometimes, people have a hard time accepting the truth.
Sometimes, people lie just by staying silent.
Sometimes, people lie to protect themselves.
Sometimes, people lie.
Sometimes, people would rather be alone.
Sometimes, pictures can fool people.
Sometimes, questions provide us with more information than answers.
Sometimes, questions rather than answers provide us with more information.
Sometimes, seeing is believing.
Sometimes, simply changing my diet helps with the itching.
Sometimes, size does matter.
Sometimes, smaller is better.
Sometimes, standing still is the best thing to do.
Sometimes, the Moon passes between the Earth and the Sun. The Moon blocks the light of the Sun and a shadow of the Moon is cast on the Earth's surface. This is an eclipse of the Sun, or a solar eclipse.
Sometimes, the best response is to restrain yourself from responding.
Sometimes, the cure is worse than the disease.
Sometimes, the ewe makes jerky sudden movements.
Sometimes, the heart tells you what's right.
Sometimes, the journey is more important than the goal, for every step transforms us.
Sometimes, the only way to make the world notice your injustice is to name and shame the people responsible.
Sometimes, the pollen grains only need to reach the stigma of the same flower or another flower on the same plant. But often, the pollen must travel to the stigma of a flower on a different plant (but same plant species).
Sometimes, the simplest moments in life bring the greatest happiness.
Sometimes, the students called me Tom.
Sometimes, there are "holes" in the English language, like the non-existent "nipponogram" which can be created in Interlingua at whim with "niponogramma" as an acceptable formation. The newfangled word could apply to a symbol in the various sets of Japanese glyphs. English has other "holes" like "psychophonology," which could be formed as "psychophonologia" in Interlingua. Such "holes" in a natural language deter a writer's or speaker's creativity.
Sometimes, things are complicated.
Sometimes, things are more beautiful when you look at them from a different angle.
Sometimes, things get complicated.
Sometimes, things just get complicated.
Sometimes, to be able to do something properly, you simply need to change your approach.
Sometimes, to get ahead, you need to play a little dirty.
Sometimes, truth hurts.
Sometimes, waiting is very difficult!
Sometimes, we are right, and sometimes, we are wrong.
Sometimes, we don't know if we are in love.
Sometimes, we face challenges that feel impossible, but we must keep trying.
Sometimes, we must adapt and change to overcome the struggles we encounter.
Sometimes, we need time alone.
Sometimes, we say things we don't mean.
Sometimes, we screw up.
Sometimes, we use question words like "what" in statements instead of in questions. For example, compare "What are you saying" (a question) and "I don't know what you are saying" (a statement). In Japanese, the question-marking particle か (ka), which usually marks a question, can be used in both ways. To ask "What are you saying," you may say, "何を言っているのか" (nani o itte iru no ka), using particle か (ka) to mark the question. To state "I don't know what you are saying," you may say, "何を言っているのか分かりません" (nani o itte iru no ka wakarimasen), an extension of the former. Here, か (ka) helps us in an interesting way. An English speaker, for example, may interpret this statement as, literally: "What are you saying? I don't know." It's almost as if the speaker asks themselves a rhetorical question only to respond with their own statement.
Sometimes, we're right, and sometimes, we're wrong.
Sometimes, when the days are fine, I go out for a walk in the evening.
Sometimes, you have to face things.
Sometimes, you have to turn a blind eye.
Sometimes, you must fail before you succeed.
Sometimes, you need to be alone. Not to be lonely, but to enjoy some free time just being yourself.
Sometimes, you think too much.
Sometimes, your worst enemy is sleeping right next to you and you don't realize it.
Somewhen I was like that.
Somewhere along the way we forgot that money was a means, not an end.
Somewhere behind your eyes.
Somewhere deep inside me, I'm still a kid.
Somewhere in La Mancha, in a place whose name I do not wish to recall, there lived not long ago a nobleman. To his name he had a lance in its sheath, an old leather buckler, a scrawny workhorse and a greyhound that scurried about.
Somewhere in my innermost being I felt guilty for being unfaithful to her.
Somewhere in the far future a diabolical brain plotted the enslavement of mankind.
Somewhere in this world, there must be an apple that needs me.
Somewhere on the path to regaining her athletic form, Elyassi became passionate about bodybuilding. As with other sports she has played, Elyassi felt driven to be the best at it.
Somewhere out there, there's a girl that's perfect for Tom.
Somewhere there is a spy that speaks Esperanto fluently.
Somewhere there, on that desolate plain, was lurking this fiendish man, hiding in a burrow like a wild beast, his heart full of malignancy against the whole race which had cast him out. It needed but this to complete the grim suggestiveness of the barren waste, the chilling wind, and the darkling sky.
Sompoton is a Kadazandusun traditional bamboo aerophone.
Son is like father.
Son of a bitch stole my backpack, ate my sandwich, and shit in my Thermos!
Son of a bitch!
Son of a bitch! I can't believe this door is giving me so much trouble!
Son, I have to talk with you. Look at your mother, George.
Son, I love you.
Son, are you watching girl cartoons again?
Son, don't be foolish!
Son, don't rack your brains over this problem, we'll solve it on our own.
Son, go back to your mother.
Son, help me fix my car.
Son, let's disconnect from screens and connect with nature on a camping trip.
Son, let's escape to the wilderness for a camping trip.
Son, let's make memories on a camping trip, just you and me.
Son, marry whenever you want - daughter, marry when you can.
Son, stop always getting so close to strangers. It's very dangerous!
Son, your sins are forgiven you.
Sonar can be used to detect submerged objects, such as vehicles.
Sonar is short for Sound Navigation and Ranging.
Sonar uses sound waves to 'see' in the water.
Sonatrach has a monopoly on oil production in Algeria.
Sonatrach has launched one of its largest oil tenders ever.
Sonatrach is Algeria's biggest company.
Sonatrach is Algeria's energy company.
Sonatrach is Algeria's state oil company.
Sonatrach is Algeria's state-owned oil company.
Sonatrach is a massive commercial corporation.
Sonatrach is one of Algeria's biggest public employers.
Sonatrach is the Algerian state-owned oil company.
Sonatrach is the company that extracts, refines and exports Algerian oil.
Sonatrach is the largest company in Algeria.
Sonatrach is the state-owned company that extracts Algeria's oil.
Sonatrach operates in that part of the Sahara.
Sonelgaz is Algeria's state-owned electricity provider.
Sonepheth Sombat, a slender, muscular, amiable young man with a dark crew cut, is a police corporal on the security detail of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing in the center of Washington, D.C. Billions of dollars worth of currency are produced here each year, as well as postage stamps and various security documents.
Song Jian, a professor at Renmin University of China and deputy director of the Population and Development Research Center, told the Global Times on November 16 that encouraging couples to have children rested with implementing the measures announced in August to provide "economic support, childcare services, and paid maternity leave, the reasonable sharing of childbearing costs and the construction of a childbearing-friendly social atmosphere, focusing on family needs, and balancing work and family for childbearing couples."
Song lyrics are often misheard, even by native speakers.
Song to the Siren was co-written and recorded by Tim Buckley. Perhaps the best known version of the song, however, is the cover by Cocteau Twins, which appeared on the This Mortal Coil album It'll End in Tears.
Songs and poems were written about him.
Songs are a great way to learn languages.
Songs can be heard in the distance.
Songs from my country make me homesick.
Songwriting is a hobby of mine.
Sonia got an A in mathematics.
Sonia had a very amused look on her face.
Sonia was a cute little brunette, with soft eyes, shadowed by long lashes.
Sonia's honor was stained.
Sonic toothbrushes may clean teeth better, but they use electricity.
Sonja Lang is the creator of Toki Pona.
Sonja did the job voluntarily.
Sonja did the work voluntarily.
Sonja is the creator of Toki Pona.
Sonny, I knew even your great-great-grandfather.
Sons of God, we are divine seeds. One day, we will be what our Father is.
Sony Pictures has shared a new video clip from its upcoming blockbuster.
Sony ambitiously revealed its newest project early in order to take competitors by surprise.
Sony inspires ambition among its employees.
Sony is a brand known around the world.
Sony is a household name all over the world.
Sony's PlayStation VR headset is not natively supported on Windows.
Sony's prices tend to be higher than its competition, but Japan's thrifty consumers and deflation are forcing it to rethink its pricing strategy.
Soon Christopher Columbus got bored watching the noob toy getting repeatedly self-pwned; he then decided to make a fortune-teller advise him on what to do with such a pointless toy.
Soon I found myself wanting to meet him and talk to him.
Soon I have to go get a haircut.
Soon I will be able to speak French.
Soon I will be taking leave of high society.
Soon I will be very rich.
Soon I will have double the number of nieces and nephews I have at the moment, as my sister-in-law is pregnant with triplets.
Soon I'll be able to swim.
Soon I'll be going out to interview people.
Soon I'll be returning back to Algeria.
Soon I'll be speaking Korean.
Soon I'll have the pleasure of seeing you again.
Soon I'll know more than I already know.
Soon I'm going to lose this source of protein.
Soon a cloud will appear in the sky.
Soon after Tom and Mary got married, they moved to Boston.
Soon after being lit, the oven was very hot; an hour later, it was just hot; two hours afterwards, it was no more than lukewarm, and after three hours it was already completely cold.
Soon after graduating from trade school, Ray Murphy was taken on as a machinist at the local automobile plant.
Soon after he arrived, he received surprising news.
Soon after he enrolled in the program, Harvard Extension School required anyone enrolling in a degree program to be at least 21.
Soon after his arrival he was created a Baronet, and was subsequently appointed Lieutenant-Governor.
Soon after she became a lawyer, she wouldn't even give her old friends the time of day.
Soon after she became a lawyer, she wouldn’t even give her old friends the time of day.
Soon after that, I began to fall asleep.
Soon after the accident they found a live animal there.
Soon after the end of World War 1, people never thought such a hateful and cruel war would break out again.
Soon after the novel was published, a Danish translation was begun.
Soon after this Kay came in again, with thick gloves on his hands, and his sledge slung across his back.
Soon after, Edmundo died.
Soon after, Tom met a young woman named Mary. They married and decided to start a family.
Soon after, it began to rain.
Soon after, the King made war on Emperor Cantalabutte, his neighbor.
Soon after, the hyena left.
Soon as he saw the captured city fall, / the palace-gates burst open, and the foe / dealing wild riot in his inmost hall, / up sprang the old man and, at danger's call, / braced o'er his trembling shoulders in a breath / his rusty armour, took his belt withal, / and drew the useless falchion from its sheath, / and on their thronging spears rushed forth to meet his death.
Soon as our ships can trust the deep once more, / and South-winds chide, and Ocean smiles serene, / we crowd the beach, and launch, and town and shore / fade from our view.
Soon enough, Rima found out Ziri was a jerk.
Soon enough, countries splintered all over Terra to create over a thousand small countries.
Soon enough, the whole city got noisy.
Soon enough, there were only three enormous countries on Terra.
Soon everyone was laughing.
Soon everyone will know you're here.
Soon everything will return to the levels from before the crisis.
Soon gotten soon spent.
Soon he needed new clothes.
Soon he will be coming to live with us in Algeria.
Soon he will do business abroad.
Soon hot, soon cold.
Soon it became clear that there wasn't any hope, and that saving our lives was all we could do.
Soon it began to rain.
Soon it will be Christmas.
Soon it will be gone.
Soon it will be his birthday.
Soon it will be possible to do this at the touch of a button.
Soon it will be summer.
Soon it will be time to pick the cherries.
Soon it'll be Christmas.
Soon it'll be gone.
Soon it'll be summer.
Soon it'll be winter.
Soon learnt, soon forgotten.
Soon no one will have anything to do with you.
Soon nobody will have anything to do with you.
Soon ripe, soon rotten.
Soon she'll have been married to him for ten years.
Soon the bath was cool enough for him to get into.
Soon the cold rain came down.
Soon the day will be over and I won't have succeeded in doing anything.
Soon the disenfranchised, downtrodden laymen started a full out uprising, seeking to tear out the remnants of their oppression.
Soon the drug will take effect.
Soon the movement was no longer growing. Many people became discouraged and left the cause.
Soon the new year comes around.
Soon the plane begins to move, and then it takes off.
Soon the same waiter came back to pick up the dishes.
Soon the sky will become bright.
Soon the sound died away.
Soon the tea was ready and Anne found herself sitting opposite Mr. Harrison at his own table, pouring his tea for him, and chatting freely to him about her school and friends and plans.
Soon the tea was ready.
Soon there will be summer vacation.
Soon they will find a vaccine for Covid-19.
Soon things will work out.
Soon we saw a house whose roof was red.
Soon we were clear of the town.
Soon we will be able to make an excursion to the Moon.
Soon we will know the truth.
Soon we'll be able to send you to gaol.
Soon we'll have Corinthians and Boca Juniors in the Bombonera!
Soon we'll make a snowman.
Soon we're going to build a snowman.
Soon we’ll be able to send you to gaol.
Soon will come the first guests to bathe in the thermal baths.
Soon you are going to receive a valuable packet.
Soon you will be saying something different.
Soon you will be speaking Portuguese.
Soon you will change your tune.
Soon you will find yourself friendless.
Soon you will get used to speaking in front of people.
Soon you will have forgotten the world, and soon the world will have forgotten you.
Soon you will reap the fruits of your efforts.
Soon you will see them with your own eyes.
Soon you'll be a doctor.
Soon you'll be convinced that I'm right.
Soon you'll be saying something different.
Soon you'll be speaking French like a native.
Soon you'll be speaking Spanish like a native.
Soon you'll come to know the truth.
Soon you'll come to love this city.
Soon you'll get used to living by yourself.
Soon you'll know everything.
Soon you'll learn the truth.
Soon you'll recover fully.
Soon you'll stop thinking of him.
Soon your efforts will be rewarded.
Soon you’ll get used to living by yourself.
Soon, Collean citizens are forced to wait in long lines in order to obtain the food they needed.
Soon, David came back home.
Soon, Donald got bored in that golden cage.
Soon, Gunter will be dead.
Soon, I could only see her neck floating above the waves.
Soon, I'll be able to speak French.
Soon, I'll tell you some good news.
Soon, James started to act like a sicko.
Soon, John left and the house was at Jessica's disposal.
Soon, John's resolve began to crack.
Soon, Kalman gained a fearsome reputation.
Soon, Tom lost count of the sheep and fell asleep.
Soon, Yanni and Skura became more than just neighbors.
Soon, Ziri and Rima made up.
Soon, Ziri and Rima started hanging out together.
Soon, Ziri came back from work.
Soon, Ziri moved out.
Soon, Ziri's shoes were filled with sand.
Soon, a security guard arrived.
Soon, all the demons will awaken.
Soon, all their attention was on John.
Soon, boats will be able to enter the El Harrach River.
Soon, crowned with woods, Zacynthos we espy, / Dulichium, Same and the rock-bound steep / of Neritos.
Soon, everything was back to normal.
Soon, he learned how to speak English.
Soon, in the great theatre, the lights will be put out, and the empty stage will be left to ghosts.
Soon, it won't be unheard of to live to 150.
Soon, it won’t be unheard of to live to 150.
Soon, learning a language became as easy as taking a little pill.
Soon, neuroscientific research will rid us of serious neurological diseases such as Parkinson's and Alzheimer's.
Soon, newspapers won't be printed on paper. They'll only be available through the Internet.
Soon, swallows will come from the south.
Soon, the Hungarians will have more sentences than we do.
Soon, the airport will implement the first biometric access systems in the country.
Soon, the coffee will be ready.
Soon, the competition began.
Soon, the expanse of the galaxy became reminiscent of ancient Polynesian migrational waves throughout the Pacific Ocean.
Soon, the school reopened.
Soon, the sensations overwhelmed me.
Soon, the space agencies launched thousands of robot probes all over the Solar System to explore planets, moons, asteroids, and comets...
Soon, the swinging sounds of traditional Afrikaans music, dominated by accordions and a steady beat, turned the backyard gathering into a party.
Soon, the tea was ready.
Soon, the word "Islam" itself will be totally censored online.
Soon, the word was all over town.
Soon, their hunger turned to anger.
Soon, this will be somebody else's problem.
Soon, we are all going to sleep.
Soon, we'll all be asleep.
Soon, we'll be able to send you to prison.
Soon, we'll know why.
Soon, we'll live on Mars.
Soon, we’ll be able to send you to prison.
Soon, where Leucate lifts her cloud-capt head, / looms forth Apollo's fane, the seaman's name of dread.
Soon, you'll be going to high school.
Sooner begun, sooner done.
Sooner is probably better than later.
Sooner or later I'll find out.
Sooner or later I'll take a hammer and destroy everything I see.
Sooner or later I'll take revenge on those who made fun of me.
Sooner or later everybody becomes adjusted to life.
Sooner or later everyone dies.
Sooner or later he will drive me mad.
Sooner or later he will tell me everything.
Sooner or later he'll tell me everything.
Sooner or later his luck will end.
Sooner or later his luck will run out.
Sooner or later it had to happen.
Sooner or later it happens to everyone.
Sooner or later it will come to light.
Sooner or later secrets become widely known.
Sooner or later somebody will have to tell Tom and Mary that they have to do that.
Sooner or later someone will have to tell Tom and Mary that they have to do that.
Sooner or later the prisoners of war will be liberated.
Sooner or later the truth comes out.
Sooner or later the truth will come out.
Sooner or later the wicked are punished.
Sooner or later we won't have any other choice.
Sooner or later we'll need to make a decision.
Sooner or later you'll get sick.
Sooner or later, I'll get around to doing that.
Sooner or later, I'll have no one left to turn to.
Sooner or later, I'll have to stop doing this.
Sooner or later, I'll probably get bored.
Sooner or later, I'll probably get tired of doing this.
Sooner or later, I'll probably visit Australia.
Sooner or later, I'll probably visit Boston.
Sooner or later, Tom will do that.
Sooner or later, Tom will drive me mad.
Sooner or later, Tom will figure out how to do that.
Sooner or later, Tom will likely agree to help us.
Sooner or later, Tom will master French.
Sooner or later, Tom will tell me everything I want to know.
Sooner or later, Tom will tell me everything.
Sooner or later, Tom will work out how to do that.
Sooner or later, bankruptcy hangs over our heads and we will all die penniless like beggars.
Sooner or later, every parent has to have a talk with their children about the birds and the bees.
Sooner or later, everyone dies.
Sooner or later, everyone will know all your secrets.
Sooner or later, everything will be revealed.
Sooner or later, he will master French.
Sooner or later, he will run out of luck.
Sooner or later, he would find out the secret.
Sooner or later, he'll come back to you.
Sooner or later, he'll tell me everything.
Sooner or later, his luck will run out.
Sooner or later, it'll come out.
Sooner or later, it'll happen.
Sooner or later, it'll pass.
Sooner or later, it's going to happen again.
Sooner or later, it's going to happen.
Sooner or later, people will see you for who you really are.
Sooner or later, she will appear.
Sooner or later, she'll be back.
Sooner or later, she'll betray Jamal.
Sooner or later, she'll get over the shock.
Sooner or later, she'll tell me everything.
Sooner or later, she’ll get over the shock.
Sooner or later, somebody will betray you.
Sooner or later, someone has to speak up.
Sooner or later, someone is going to have to speak up.
Sooner or later, someone is going to have to tell Tom that he needs to behave himself.
Sooner or later, someone will betray you.
Sooner or later, someone's going to have to tell Mary that she needs to behave herself.
Sooner or later, someone's going to have to tell Tom and Mary that they need to behave themselves.
Sooner or later, that will stop.
Sooner or later, the hostages will be released.
Sooner or later, the hostages will be set free.
Sooner or later, the police are going to catch you.
Sooner or later, the truth will come out.
Sooner or later, the truth'll come out.
Sooner or later, they'll end up paying for their incompetence.
Sooner or later, they'll find out how to read these hieroglyphics.
Sooner or later, they'll pay for their incompetence.
Sooner or later, this happens to everyone.
Sooner or later, this has got to stop.
Sooner or later, we all are going to die.
Sooner or later, we'll do it.
Sooner or later, we'll have to buy a new TV as ours is a very old model.
Sooner or later, we'll have to buy a new TV since the TV we have now is a very old model.
Sooner or later, we'll have to do that.
Sooner or later, we'll have to tackle the problem in earnest.
Sooner or later, we'll know the truth.
Sooner or later, we'll need to do that.
Sooner or later, we're going to have to do that.
Sooner or later, we’ll have to buy a new TV as ours is a very old model.
Sooner or later, we’ll have to buy a new TV since the TV we have now is a very old model.
Sooner or later, we’ll have to tackle the problem in earnest.
Sooner or later, we’ll know the truth.
Sooner or later, you will be in trouble.
Sooner or later, you will consider me your friend.
Sooner or later, you will regret your idleness.
Sooner or later, you will succeed your parents won't you?
Sooner or later, you'll be in trouble.
Sooner or later, you'll fall asleep.
Sooner or later, you'll get in trouble.
Sooner or later, you'll have to accept that.
Sooner or later, you'll have to do what you've been asked to do.
Sooner or later, you'll tell me everything.
Sooner or later, you're going to get sick.
Sooner or later, your luck will run out.
Sooner or later.
Sooner would be better.
Soot sticks to anything it touches.
Sooth, then, shall she return / to Sparta and Mycenae, ay, and see / home, husband, sons and parents, safe and free, / with Ilian wives and Phrygians in her train, / a queen, in pride of triumph? Shall this be, / and Troy have blazed and Priam's self been slain, / and Trojan blood so oft have soaked the Dardan plain?
Sophia Loren's real name is Sofia Scicolone.
Sophia Loren’s real name is Sofia Scicolone.
Sophia Sloane offered to teach her a perfectly elegant new pattern of knit lace, so nice for trimming aprons.
Sophia baked fresh bread.
Sophia embarked on her epic adventure in the wilds of Patagonia.
Sophia has authority. She knows how to be obeyed.
Sophia has three large glasses.
Sophia has three sisters and five nieces.
Sophia is a multilingual name, but in Greek it is a feminine name that means "wisdom".
Sophia is their sister.
Sophia planted fragrant roses.
Sophia rode a horse at the ranch.
Sophia sang a lovely song.
Sophia speaks Polish and Czech.
Sophie Marceau is a French actress.
Sophie and Carole are exhausted.
Sophie and her brother grew up on a council estate because it was all their single mom could afford after their father took off.
Sophie had a sweet tooth.
Sophie had been looking forward to getting another letter from the unknown sender.
Sophie had her own pony. It had been given to her by her father.
Sophie is going to knock on Claudia's door.
Sophie liked animals. She already had a chicken, a squirrel, a cat and a donkey. Her mother didn't want to get her a dog because she was scared it'd catch rabies, which happened often.
Sophie spotted, just off the path, a wide array of strawberry plants loaded with strawberries.
Sophie was a glutton.
Sophie was so hungry that she ate everything that she could get her hands on.
Sophie will put the flowers on the living room table.
Sophie wrote a heartfelt letter.
Sophie's finger was bleeding so badly that blood was dripping on the ground.
Sophie, who was hungry, ate everything that she could get her hands on.
Sophie, who was hungry, ate everything that she could grab.
Sophomore Steven Fancsali had already earned a degree in architectural design and worked as a designer for four years doing residential architecture before he learned about the school on a television program.
Sophomore comes from the ancient Greek and combines the roots for "wise" and "fool". Being a "wise fool" definitely reflects the kind of self-confidence that characterises second-year college students.
Soraya can sing like a nightingale.
Sorkin is one of the rare people who has voluntary contact with bedbugs. An occasional feeding on his arms and hands keeps his study collection alive. He houses them in a jar covered with a fine-mesh screen that permits only their mouthparts through.
Sororities raise money for charity.
Soros lobbies for continuing the war; Kissinger is on the side of peace.
Sorrow filled his breast.
Sorrow fills your face.
Sorrrry. I couldn't sleep last night, and so I overslept. Teehee!
Sorrrry. I couldn’t sleep last night, and so I overslept. Teehee!
Sorry - I didn't do it on purpose.
Sorry - I’m running late. I’ll be there in 10 minutes!
Sorry I apologize so much.
Sorry I couldn't be of much use.
Sorry I couldn't come over yesterday. Something came up.
Sorry I couldn't make it last night.
Sorry I couldn't make it. Something came up.
Sorry I couldn't save you.
Sorry I didn't catch up after, but James was right crook so we left early.
Sorry I didn't e-mail you sooner.
Sorry I didn't have a chance to talk with you after the meeting.
Sorry I didn't reply sooner.
Sorry I didn't reply to your message earlier, I was busy.
Sorry I didn't understand earlier.
Sorry I didn’t catch up after, but James was right crook so we left early.
Sorry I didn’t e-mail you sooner.
Sorry I didn’t reply sooner.
Sorry I doubted you.
Sorry I got you so mad.
Sorry I haven't fixed dinner tonight. I was so tired there was just no way.
Sorry I haven't gotten back to you until now. I've been really busy with school and whatnot.
Sorry I haven't replied to your letter earlier.
Sorry I haven’t fixed dinner tonight. I was so tired there was just no way.
Sorry I haven’t replied to your letter earlier.
Sorry I laughed so much.
Sorry I left you in the dark, but I had to.
Sorry I startled you!
Sorry I won't be there.
Sorry I won’t be there.
Sorry I'm late for the meeting.
Sorry I'm late, I got stuck in traffic.
Sorry I'm late.
Sorry I'm late. I overslept.
Sorry I'm late; I forgot my sunglasses at home so I had to double back to get them.
Sorry I’m late for the meeting.
Sorry I’m late.
Sorry I’m late. I overslept.
Sorry Link, I can't give credit. Come back when you're a little... mmm... richer!
Sorry Tom, I don't believe you.
Sorry about all this.
Sorry about earlier.
Sorry about last time.
Sorry about my bad pronunciation!
Sorry about my mistakes.
Sorry about my mistakes; I'm a beginner.
Sorry about my mistakes; I'm a beginner. Corrections are welcome.
Sorry about my mistakes; I'm a beginner. I'm glad to accept corrections.
Sorry about my tendency to text people manifestos.
Sorry about that, Tom.
Sorry about that.
Sorry about that. I'm just not feeling well today.
Sorry about the last time.
Sorry about the mess.
Sorry about the other day.
Sorry about this morning.
Sorry about yesterday.
Sorry about your son.
Sorry again!
Sorry babe, no kissing.
Sorry but I accidentally deleted the email you just sent so would you please resend it?
Sorry but I accidentally deleted the email you just sent. Would you please resend it?
Sorry but I have a wife.
Sorry but I'm going to be late, I'm stuck in traffic!
Sorry dad, I'm about to dispose of your body.
Sorry dad, I'm taking your life away.
Sorry dad, this is where your life journey ends.
Sorry dad, your life journey is taking its final course here.
Sorry for all the bother.
Sorry for all the typos.
Sorry for always dumping you with all the housework. Thank you.
Sorry for any mistakes.
Sorry for arriving late: I overslept.
Sorry for asking so many questions.
Sorry for bad-mouthing you the other time.
Sorry for being late.
Sorry for being late. I overslept.
Sorry for being selfish.
Sorry for being slow to reply.
Sorry for being so inconsiderate.
Sorry for being so late.
Sorry for bombarding you with so many questions.
Sorry for bothering you at this busy time.
Sorry for bothering you even though you're under the weather.
Sorry for bothering you, Tom.
Sorry for bothering you.
Sorry for calling so late.
Sorry for calling you at this hour.
Sorry for calling you by mistake.
Sorry for calling you so early.
Sorry for commenting so soon after you were able to come.
Sorry for disturbing you.
Sorry for frightening you.
Sorry for infodumping.
Sorry for interrupting.
Sorry for keeping it secret from you.
Sorry for keeping you all waiting so long.
Sorry for keeping you waiting so long today.
Sorry for keeping you waiting.
Sorry for making you wait so long.
Sorry for mispronouncing the Berber names.
Sorry for my bad behaviour.
Sorry for my impatience.
Sorry for not answering sooner.
Sorry for not answering your question. I didn't see it.
Sorry for not contacting you recently.
Sorry for not contacting you sooner.
Sorry for not replying sooner.
Sorry for not responding earlier to your message, I was busy.
Sorry for not responding to you sooner.
Sorry for phoning at this hour.
Sorry for ringing at this hour.
Sorry for shouting.
Sorry for telephoning you so early.
Sorry for the bother, but would you be able to give me your contact information?
Sorry for the delay, it's because of the train.
Sorry for the delay.
Sorry for the dumb question.
Sorry for the harsh words.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
Sorry for the interruption.
Sorry for the intrusion.
Sorry for the late reply.
Sorry for the little tangent.
Sorry for the mess.
Sorry for the short notice.
Sorry for the stupid question.
Sorry for the wait.
Sorry for what I wrote, because I wanted to retch.
Sorry for what I wrote, because I wanted to throw up.
Sorry for what happened this morning. I had to leave in a bit of a hurry.
Sorry for worrying you.
Sorry for writing so much.
Sorry for yesterday.
Sorry for your loss.
Sorry for your trouble, may Allah rest her soul.
Sorry for your trouble, may Allah rest his soul.
Sorry guys, but I already have plans.
Sorry honey, I'm still stuck at the office.
Sorry honey, I’m still stuck at the office.
Sorry honey, there's just no way I can take a whole evening of cocktail party chitchat.
Sorry honey, there’s just no way I can take a whole evening of cocktail party chitchat.
Sorry if I butchered the pronunciation of the Berber phrases, but I guess you have understood what I said.
Sorry if I didn't understand something.
Sorry if I have startled you.
Sorry if I offended you.
Sorry if I startled you, ladies.
Sorry if I was doing the dishes.
Sorry if I was too curious in my questions.
Sorry if I'm making you feel like that.
Sorry if I've offended you, but you asked me to be sincere.
Sorry if it sounded like I was talking to you.
Sorry if that sounds harsh.
Sorry it took me so long to write to you.
Sorry my dear parents, I'm about to take your lives away.
Sorry sir, I'm afraid he may not be in.
Sorry sir, I’m afraid he may not be in.
Sorry that I can't accept your love.
Sorry that I forgot. I'm completely out of it today.
Sorry that I forgot. I’m completely out of it today.
Sorry that I haven't written for ages.
Sorry that I left you waiting so long today.
Sorry that I love you.
Sorry that I made you wait for so long.
Sorry that I'm calling so early.
Sorry that I've reduced you to someone to drag my luggage around!
Sorry that you don't love me anymore.
Sorry then. No idea what came over me.
Sorry things didn't work out for you.
Sorry this took so long.
Sorry to be late.
Sorry to be slow replying.
Sorry to be so direct, but how much did you pay for this?
Sorry to be the bearer of bad news.
Sorry to bother you this late at night.
Sorry to bother you!
Sorry to bother you, Tom.
Sorry to bother you, but I'm afraid something urgent has come up.
Sorry to bother you, but I’m afraid something urgent has come up.
Sorry to bother you.
Sorry to bother you. I have just come to apologize.
Sorry to bother, but could you give me your name?
Sorry to break up your powwow.
Sorry to burst your bubble, but you're not fair.
Sorry to butt in, but I couldn't help overhearing that you're on your way to Boston. I live there and I'd be happy to put you two up for the night.
Sorry to call you on short notice, but I need your help.
Sorry to call you so early.
Sorry to disturb you.
Sorry to have disturbed you.
Sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
Sorry to have kept you waiting.
Sorry to have to ask this, but could you please wait here for a little while.
Sorry to impose, but would you please open the window?
Sorry to interrupt this meeting, but Ziri has just arrived.
Sorry to interrupt you.
Sorry to interrupt.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Sorry to let you wait for so long.
Sorry to say, that expectation was ill-founded.
Sorry to scare you.
Sorry to trouble you, Tom, but we have a problem I think you can help us solve.
Sorry to trouble you, but can you help me?
Sorry to trouble you, but my car is broken, can you help me?
Sorry to trouble you.
Sorry we are late.
Sorry we're late.
Sorry you had to wait.
Sorry!
Sorry! I didn't mean to scare you.
Sorry! I explained that badly.
Sorry! I have to go.
Sorry! I mistakenly clicked on "Send" before I was finished.
Sorry! I mistakenly clicked on "Send".
Sorry! I thought I had already answered you.
Sorry! I won't continue.
Sorry! I'm already taken.
Sorry! I'm not good at explaining.
Sorry! I've forgotten your name.
Sorry! There's none left.
Sorry, "my hands shuddered with the cold" was a bit over the top.
Sorry, Cookie. I didn't mean to do that.
Sorry, I already have a boyfriend.
Sorry, I already have a girlfriend.
Sorry, I am late.
Sorry, I am not wearing a watch.
Sorry, I arrived late.
Sorry, I can't accommodate you.
Sorry, I can't attend your party.
Sorry, I can't be your girlfriend.
Sorry, I can't come into work today because I'm feeling under the weather.
Sorry, I can't come to the party tonight; my car's knackered and won't start.
Sorry, I can't do that.
Sorry, I can't drink alcohol.
Sorry, I can't eat that - I'm diabetic.
Sorry, I can't hear you well.
Sorry, I can't help you.
Sorry, I can't help.
Sorry, I can't leave without my cat.
Sorry, I can't let you stay here.
Sorry, I can't play tennis until my knee heals.
Sorry, I can't reach it.
Sorry, I can't see. I've lost my glasses.
Sorry, I can't show you how to weld with your left hand.
Sorry, I can't stay for long.
Sorry, I can't stay long.
Sorry, I can't tell you my name. It's too indecent.
Sorry, I can't wait.
Sorry, I can't. I have yoga practice.
Sorry, I can't. My cat is on my lap.
Sorry, I cannot make changes to this ticket.
Sorry, I can’t accommodate you.
Sorry, I can’t tell you my name. It’s too indecent.
Sorry, I complained a lot.
Sorry, I completely forgot to do that.
Sorry, I couldn't catch what you said.
Sorry, I couldn't find my seat.
Sorry, I couldn't hear you.
Sorry, I couldn't help it.
Sorry, I couldn't make you out, could you repeat?
Sorry, I couldn't refuse her.
Sorry, I couldn’t catch what you said.
Sorry, I couldn’t hear you. I was too busy translating sentences with Tatoeba.
Sorry, I couldn’t help it.
Sorry, I dialled the wrong number.
Sorry, I did not intend to post the string of "thumbs up" signs. I must have tapped on the icon on my iPhone by mistake.
Sorry, I didn't get your message. I was in another dimension at the time.
Sorry, I didn't hear you.
Sorry, I didn't hear.
Sorry, I didn't know that you were still here.
Sorry, I didn't know you were still here.
Sorry, I didn't know.
Sorry, I didn't mean that.
Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off.
Sorry, I didn't mean to get so emotional.
Sorry, I didn't mean to go off on a tangent.
Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt you.
Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt.
Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you.
Sorry, I didn't mean to snap at you.
Sorry, I didn't mean to wake you.
Sorry, I didn't notice that.
Sorry, I didn't quite catch what you said.
Sorry, I didn't read your comment until now.
Sorry, I didn't realize you were busy.
Sorry, I didn't see the sign.
Sorry, I didn't see you standing there.
Sorry, I didn't see you.
Sorry, I didn't understand earlier.
Sorry, I didn't understand that.
Sorry, I didn't understand well what you said.
Sorry, I didn't want to make you late.
Sorry, I didn't want to scare you.
Sorry, I didn’t hear.
Sorry, I didn’t know you were still here.
Sorry, I didn’t mean to snap at you.
Sorry, I do not speak French.
Sorry, I do not understand the meaning of the question.
Sorry, I don't feel well.
Sorry, I don't follow.
Sorry, I don't get your point.
Sorry, I don't have a pencil.
Sorry, I don't have any change.
Sorry, I don't have any money.
Sorry, I don't know my way around campus yet.
Sorry, I don't know what came over me.
Sorry, I don't know what to say.
Sorry, I don't know you.
Sorry, I don't make the rules.
Sorry, I don't speak Greek.
Sorry, I don't speak Russian.
Sorry, I don't speak that language.
Sorry, I don't speak very well Esperanto.
Sorry, I don't think I can do it.
Sorry, I don't think I can do that.
Sorry, I don't think I'm gonna be able to.
Sorry, I don't understand French.
Sorry, I don't understand the sentence.
Sorry, I don't understand what you are saying.
Sorry, I don't understand.
Sorry, I don’t have any money.
Sorry, I don’t think I’m gonna be able to.
Sorry, I forgot it completely.
Sorry, I forgot to bring the book I meant to return to you.
Sorry, I forgot to tell you something important.
Sorry, I forgot.
Sorry, I got distracted.
Sorry, I had completely forgotten about it.
Sorry, I had to bail out of our interview because we've got some breaking news.
Sorry, I have a part-time job starting tomorrow morning.
Sorry, I have church on Sunday. Let's meet early Monday morning.
Sorry, I have no idea what you mean.
Sorry, I have other commitments.
Sorry, I have other things to do.
Sorry, I have overstayed. I'll be going now.
Sorry, I have to fart.
Sorry, I have to run.
Sorry, I have to study.
Sorry, I haven't understood what you said.
Sorry, I hit the send button by accident.
Sorry, I just got my hair cut 10cm.
Sorry, I just wanted to drive you away.
Sorry, I know you've been sidetracked by the issue many times, but I have a question.
Sorry, I made a mistake.
Sorry, I missed that question.
Sorry, I missed that.
Sorry, I missed the train.
Sorry, I mistook you for a childhood friend.
Sorry, I mistook you for someone else.
Sorry, I misunderstood you.
Sorry, I must go. I’ve got work to do.
Sorry, I must have dialed the wrong number.
Sorry, I must have misunderstood.
Sorry, I must stay at home today.
Sorry, I must've dialed the wrong number.
Sorry, I must've dialled the wrong number.
Sorry, I need to ask a question.
Sorry, I need to ask something.
Sorry, I need to be alone with my thoughts for a while.
Sorry, I only meant it as a joke.
Sorry, I overlooked that.
Sorry, I planned to get here earlier, but I got caught up and wound up late.
Sorry, I said too much.
Sorry, I seem to have confused you.
Sorry, I should've called first.
Sorry, I so completely neglected your question.
Sorry, I still don't know enough to reply in Esperanto.
Sorry, I think I have the wrong number.
Sorry, I think you've dialed the wrong number.
Sorry, I thought I already answered.
Sorry, I thought I had already answered.
Sorry, I thought you were into it.
Sorry, I threw up in your car.
Sorry, I was a jerk.
Sorry, I was busy.
Sorry, I was detained at the department.
Sorry, I was dining and I didn't see the message.
Sorry, I was dining and I didn’t see the message.
Sorry, I was distracted.
Sorry, I was in the shower.
Sorry, I was intending on coming a little sooner than that, but I was going about my business and I lost track of time.
Sorry, I was just talking to myself.
Sorry, I was lost in thought.
Sorry, I was only trying to help.
Sorry, I was taking a nap and didn't hear you ring the doorbell.
Sorry, I was talking to myself.
Sorry, I was thinking about something else.
Sorry, I was thinking of something else.
Sorry, I was thinking.
Sorry, I was too busy reading.
Sorry, I was woolgathering.
Sorry, I wasn't listening.
Sorry, I wasn't paying attention to you.
Sorry, I wasn't paying attention.
Sorry, I wasn't thinking.
Sorry, I wish you wouldn't.
Sorry, I wish you wouldn’t.
Sorry, I won't do it again, so forgive me.
Sorry, I won't do it without a condom.
Sorry, I won't do it without a rubber.
Sorry, I won’t do it without a condom.
Sorry, I won’t do it without a rubber.
Sorry, I zoned out.
Sorry, I'd completely forgotten about it.
Sorry, I'd missed that.
Sorry, I'd overlooked that.
Sorry, I'm 30 minutes late because I overslept.
Sorry, I'm a bit drunk, so I may be saying ridiculous things.
Sorry, I'm a stranger here.
Sorry, I'm already taken.
Sorry, I'm bad at explaining.
Sorry, I'm busy at the moment.
Sorry, I'm busy right now.
Sorry, I'm going to be a bit late. I reckon I'll be there by ten past three at the latest.
Sorry, I'm going to watch a movie!
Sorry, I'm in a hurry.
Sorry, I'm late.
Sorry, I'm not familiar with this area.
Sorry, I'm not interested on that.
Sorry, I'm not interested.
Sorry, I'm not into your racist behavior.
Sorry, I'm not used to seeing a priest with a sense of humor.
Sorry, I'm offline.
Sorry, I'm probably going to be about 20 minutes late.
Sorry, I'm running late. I'm in traffic and the cars won't budge a bit.
Sorry, I'm supposed to be practicing drawing right now.
Sorry, I'm thirty minutes late because I overslept.
Sorry, I've already forgotten your name.
Sorry, I've dialed the wrong number.
Sorry, I've dialled the wrong number.
Sorry, I've gone and jumped to conclusions again.
Sorry, I've got a lot on my plate right now.
Sorry, I've got my hands full now.
Sorry, I've got to go.
Sorry, I've kept you waiting a long time.
Sorry, I’m a stranger here.
Sorry, I’m not home right now.
Sorry, I’m too cool to do drugs.
Sorry, I’ve gone and jumped to conclusions again.
Sorry, I’ve got my hands full now.
Sorry, I’ve got part-time work from the morning tomorrow.
Sorry, I’ve got to go.
Sorry, Jorge! I didn't see you!
Sorry, Sami, nature calls.
Sorry, Tom, I didn't want to get you involved.
Sorry, Tom, I don't have time to chat.
Sorry, Tom, I totally butt dialled you.
Sorry, Yanni.
Sorry, bud.
Sorry, but "What is two plus two?" is not an example of a hypothetical question.
Sorry, but I am unable to do so.
Sorry, but I can't do so.
Sorry, but I can't go along with you.
Sorry, but I can't go with you.
Sorry, but I can't go.
Sorry, but I can't have dinner with you tonight.
Sorry, but I can't hear you very well.
Sorry, but I can't stay long.
Sorry, but I can't tell you that.
Sorry, but I cannot.
Sorry, but I can’t go along with you.
Sorry, but I didn't pay attention.
Sorry, but I don't care what politicians lie.
Sorry, but I don't care.
Sorry, but I don't remember you.
Sorry, but I don't see any improvement.
Sorry, but I don't understand.
Sorry, but I don't want to lend you my books.
Sorry, but I don't want to sit next to you.
Sorry, but I hate 80’s music.
Sorry, but I have to go now. I have an appointment in one hour. Please don't forget to call me back when I get home.
Sorry, but I have to hurry. I have no time to explain this in detail.
Sorry, but I have to work tonight.
Sorry, but I must confess that I didn't quite understand your comment.
Sorry, but I need to go to the toilet urgently.
Sorry, but I prefer not to answer.
Sorry, but I really cannot tell the difference.
Sorry, but I think you've got the wrong number.
Sorry, but I think you’ve got the wrong number.
Sorry, but I want to point out a few errors.
Sorry, but I want to tell her this news face to face.
Sorry, but I want to tell him this news face to face.
Sorry, but I won't be here that weekend.
Sorry, but I won't be there that weekend.
Sorry, but I won't talk politics.
Sorry, but I'd prefer not to answer.
Sorry, but I'm a little slow-witted.
Sorry, but I'm busy.
Sorry, but I'm looking for my sister. Is she here? I haven't seen her since we arrived a couple of hours ago.
Sorry, but I'm not a fan of sweets.
Sorry, but I'm not very interested in that subject.
Sorry, but I'm still not getting it.
Sorry, but I've already won.
Sorry, but I've been a little busy.
Sorry, but I've got a lot on at the moment.
Sorry, but I've got a lot to do at the moment.
Sorry, but I’m not doing it this time.
Sorry, but I’m not very interested in that subject.
Sorry, but Mary's right.
Sorry, but Mum's not at home at the moment.
Sorry, but Tom's right.
Sorry, but badminton is just better than tennis.
Sorry, but being into pegging doesn't make you queer.
Sorry, but can you show me the way to the next village?
Sorry, but can you stop talking about Mary? I hate her so much that just hearing "Mary" makes me sick.
Sorry, but can't you help me a little?
Sorry, but could you answer the phone for me?
Sorry, but could you please wait a bit longer?
Sorry, but he is out now.
Sorry, but it all came about so suddenly that I haven't got a handle on the situation yet.
Sorry, but it all came about so suddenly that I haven’t got a handle on the situation yet.
Sorry, but it looks like I'm booked up on that day.
Sorry, but it looks like I’m booked up on that day.
Sorry, but my English is worse than yours.
Sorry, but my level of English is still too low to comprehend texts of this difficulty.
Sorry, but that is impossible.
Sorry, but that's not possible.
Sorry, but that's not what I ordered.
Sorry, but the queue at my organic baker's gets longer every morning.
Sorry, but there's no way it's happening without a condom.
Sorry, but this is not what we ordered.
Sorry, but we can't accept your request.
Sorry, but we have already chosen Tom.
Sorry, but we have orders.
Sorry, but we need your original birth certificate, not a copy.
Sorry, but we're booked up.
Sorry, but we’re booked up.
Sorry, but when you talk so fast, I can't understand a word of it.
Sorry, but who are you?
Sorry, but you can't go in there.
Sorry, but you can't sit here.
Sorry, but you must have the wrong number.
Sorry, but you're in the wrong here.
Sorry, but you're not allowed to fish here.
Sorry, but your Godzilla insurance plan doesn't cover Mecha-Godzilla.
Sorry, but your brother is an idiot.
Sorry, but your ticket is no longer valid.
Sorry, but you’re in the wrong here.
Sorry, can I borrow it for a minute?
Sorry, can you repeat your name?
Sorry, could I use the toilet?
Sorry, could you repeat that, please?
Sorry, could you repeat that?
Sorry, could you repeat the question? In whole, desirably.
Sorry, could you repeat your name?
Sorry, could you turn the radio off?
Sorry, did I say something wrong?
Sorry, did I wake you?
Sorry, do you mean me?
Sorry, dude, but you don't stand a chance. She's way out of your league.
Sorry, everything is sold.
Sorry, force of habit.
Sorry, give us the bowl!
Sorry, good looking is not enough for me. Call me again when you're beautiful.
Sorry, guys. My wife doesn't let me go.
Sorry, he is a troublesome bloke. I shouldn't really be saying these things to people though.
Sorry, he is not here.
Sorry, he's not in. He left for Madrid yesterday.
Sorry, he's over excited now, so let's leave it.
Sorry, he’s over excited now, so let’s leave it.
Sorry, is that weird?
Sorry, it can't be helped.
Sorry, it completely slipped my mind to do that.
Sorry, it doesn't fit.
Sorry, it was just a big, heartless joke.
Sorry, it's not acceptable.
Sorry, it's not good.
Sorry, it's not your decision.
Sorry, let me complain a bit.
Sorry, ma'am, but this coupon is expired.
Sorry, man. I'm a guy and I'm attracted to women.
Sorry, my bad.
Sorry, my friend.
Sorry, my mind isn't all here.
Sorry, my mind was elsewhere.
Sorry, my mistake.
Sorry, my pen doesn't work. May I borrow yours?
Sorry, no losers allowed.
Sorry, old sport. I thought you knew.
Sorry, please let me off.
Sorry, sir, but this coupon is expired.
Sorry, sir, you've got the wrong number.
Sorry, something went wrong.
Sorry, that came out wrong.
Sorry, that was a terrible explanation, but you get the idea.
Sorry, that was none of my business.
Sorry, that wasn't the word. I got confused.
Sorry, that's a typo.
Sorry, that's out of the question.
Sorry, that’s a typo.
Sorry, the book is out of stock.
Sorry, the coffee is cold.
Sorry, the flight is already full.
Sorry, the house is kind of a mess.
Sorry, the line is busy now.
Sorry, the number is engaged at the moment.
Sorry, the only CDs I have in my car are avant-garde jazz.
Sorry, the owner of the number you called has lost control of his life and is unable to talk to you at the moment. Please harass him at another time. Thank you.
Sorry, the position has already been filled.
Sorry, this must be confusing.
Sorry, this sentence is taken.
Sorry, we are closed.
Sorry, we can't fill this prescription here.
Sorry, we can’t fill this prescription here.
Sorry, we didn't mean to make you feel left out.
Sorry, we didn't mean to start the meeting without you.
Sorry, we don't accept credit cards.
Sorry, we don't allow outside food or drink.
Sorry, we don't have any vacancies.
Sorry, we don't serve Kabyle food.
Sorry, we don't take checks.
Sorry, we got mixed up; we thought it was possible to go in here.
Sorry, we're closed.
Sorry, we're full today.
Sorry, we're out of toilet paper and I can't magic any for you now.
Sorry, were you waiting long?
Sorry, we’re full today.
Sorry, what did you say? Please say that last sentence again. I couldn't hear you while that big lorry was going by.
Sorry, what was the question again?
Sorry, what was your name again?
Sorry, what was your name?
Sorry, what's your name?
Sorry, what?
Sorry, where can I find a delicatessen?
Sorry, where is the library?
Sorry, where is the nearest bus stop?
Sorry, who are you, sir?
Sorry, would you happen to have a light?
Sorry, wrong number.
Sorry, you can't. It's not allowed.
Sorry, you have the wrong number.
Sorry, you were saying?
Sorry, you're calling the wrong number.
Sorry, you're wrong.
Sorry.
Sorry. I beg your pardon?
Sorry. I burnt it.
Sorry. I can't come.
Sorry. I can't pay.
Sorry. I could hardly find this place.
Sorry. I didn't explain that very well.
Sorry. I didn't know you were here.
Sorry. I didn't mean it like that.
Sorry. I didn't mean to bother you.
Sorry. I don't have a car.
Sorry. I don't have time.
Sorry. I don't have water.
Sorry. I don't know what you're talking about.
Sorry. I explained it badly.
Sorry. I interrupted you.
Sorry. I made a mistake.
Sorry. I missed the train.
Sorry. I must be in the wrong office.
Sorry. I must have dialed the wrong number.
Sorry. I must've dialed the wrong number.
Sorry. I said too much. Disregard what I just said.
Sorry. I should move.
Sorry. I'm busy right now.
Sorry. I'm in a hurry.
Sorry. I'm in a terrible hurry.
Sorry. I'm not feeling well.
Sorry. I'm still learning how to read.
Sorry. I've kept you waiting a long time.
Sorry. It's all my fault.
Sorry. It’s all my fault.
Sorry. School policy. I don't make the rules here.
Sorry. The number you have dialled is currently unavailable.
Sorry. The traffic was heavy.
Sorry. The train was delayed.
Sorry. The train was late.
Sorry. Traffic was heavy.
Sorry. You forgot your lighter on the table.
Sorry...
Sorry; did you say eighty or eighteen?
Sorry?
Sorry? Pardon?
Sort of defeats its own purpose.
Sort the items from large to small.
Sort the numbers in ascending order.
Sort the table alphabetically.
Sort these names alphabetically.
Sort this out yourself.
Sort through your clothes and donate any items you no longer wear.
Sort your belongings and donate what you don't need.
Sorted garbage arrives at the baler, which produces the facility's final product — pressed bales of plastic and metal, each weighing up to half a ton. Sims Recycling sells the bales to industrial plants where new bottles and cans are made for New Yorkers to use again.
Sorted?
Sorting your packaging means actively participating in the preservation of the environment.
Soseki was a contemporary of Ohgai.
Soteriology treats of the divine agency in salvation.
Sotheby's auction of contemporary Chinese art raked in more than $42 million — the best result since modern art from China was first auctioned off three years ago.
Sought knowledge leads to deeper understanding.
Souksomboun and I are the same age.
Souls don't exist.
Souls have not been demonstrated to exist.
Souls never meet each other by chance.
Sound absorbing material is called acoustic material.
Sound and signification, form and function, are inseparable in the life of language.
Sound familiar?
Sound good, but what's in it for me?
Sound has value in poetry.
Sound is less quick than light.
Sound knowledge of computer systems and programming languages is integral to Tom's job.
Sound needs matter to propagate through. However, cosmic noise and electromagnetic waves don't.
Sound propagates via longitudinal waves.
Sound quality matters.
Sound sleep freshened him up.
Sound the alarm!
Sound the alarm.
Sound the trumpet!
Sound travels very quickly.
Sound waves traveling through any object – a guitar string, an organ pipe, or the interiors of Earth and the Sun – can reflect and interact, reinforcing some waves and canceling out others. This can result in orderly motion called standing waves, which create the tones in musical instruments.
Sounding like a miniature jackhammer in overdrive, a quiet morning’s peace is suddenly interrupted by bursts of loud, rapid tapping. It doesn’t take long, however, to realize that the intense and precise tapping is actually the sound of a woodpecker using his beak to search for his breakfast — usually insects or tree sap — in a neighboring tree.
Sounds about right.
Sounds all good, I would take anything.
Sounds as if you had a brilliant time.
Sounds crazy, right?
Sounds good to me.
Sounds good!
Sounds good, but before we do that, I need to make a pit stop.
Sounds good, but what's in it for me?
Sounds good.
Sounds great, I'll have a look afterwards.
Sounds great, I’ll have a look afterwards.
Sounds great.
Sounds impossible.
Sounds like a plan!
Sounds like a plan.
Sounds like a pretty good idea, after all.
Sounds like a skill issue.
Sounds like a soap opera.
Sounds like something French to me.
Sounds like you're having fun.
Sounds like you’re having fun.
Sounds odd.
Sounds reasonable to me.
Sounds travel pretty far.
Sounds vaguely familiar.
Soup can't be eaten with a fork.
Soup cannot be eaten with a fork.
Soup is God's gift to us.
Soup is eaten with a spoon.
Soup is good.
Soup is liquid.
Soup should be hot.
Soup should not be flammable.
Soup was boiling in a large cauldron.
Soup's on!
Soup's on.
Sour cream and onion is my favorite potato chip flavor.
Sour cream will only take away the flavour of the meal.
Sour grapes.
Source of life.
Sources report that part of the overpass has collapsed.
South Africa became independent in 1961.
South Africa did away with its nuclear arsenal.
South Africa has eleven official languages.
South Africa is a country in Southern Africa.
South Africa is called "Suid-Afrika" in Afrikaans.
South Africa is called "iNingizimu Afrika" in Zulu.
South Africa is far away.
South Africa is known as the rainbow nation.
South Africa is the largest country in Southern Africa.
South Africa is the most unequal nation on Earth.
South Africa just need six runs to win the cricket match.
South Africa was founded in 1910.
South Africa's foremost wine connoisseur strolls through the cool, musty interior of the wine cellar he manages in Johannesburg.
South African filmmaker Carlos Carvalho died after being hit in the head by a giraffe.
South African videographer Byron Blunt says the use of video replay in his country is called "the third umpire," and he is strongly in favor of it.
South Africa’s nearly 700,000 high-schoolers had been eagerly awaiting this week’s announcement of their matriculation exam grades—scores used by universities to determine which program of study a student is admitted to.
South American telenovelas dream of being called soap operas.
South Georgia island is home to huge colonies of penguins and seals.
South Guelderish is a dialect of Dutch spoken in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
South Korea and Japan have hailed a fresh start in ties.
South Korea and Japan have vastly different cuisines.
South Korea can get quite hot in the summer.
South Korea established diplomatic relations with Syria.
South Korea has a birth rate crisis.
South Korea has mandatory military service for able-bodied men.
South Korea is a stable democracy.
South Korea is called "Hanguk" in Korean.
South Korea is much more beautiful than North Korea.
South Korea is my favorite country.
South Korea is similar in size to New York state.
South Korea punches above its weight in the global economy.
South Korea's communications commission (KCC) says a distributed denial of services (DDoS) attack, a common way to overload computer servers making websites unreachable, was not the reason computers at broadcasters and banks became paralyzed.
South Korea's top court ruled Thursday that South Korean men can legally reject their mandatory military service on conscientious or religious ground without punishment.
South Korean President Yoon Suk-yeol used the Korean word meaning “freedom” 35 times during his first speech in office, aligning his administration with U.S. President Joe Biden’s foreign policy centered on human rights and building a coalition of liberal democratic nations, according to experts.
South Korean films and music enjoy global popularity.
South Korean pianist Cho Seong-jin played one of Mozart's previously unheard compositions for the first time at the start of the 2021 Mozartwoche Festival.
South Koreans are fervently anticommunist.
South Koreans live in South Korea.
South Korea’s football league has postponed the start of the season indefinitely.
South Korea’s second largest city is using new, inclusive technology to bring down barriers to mobility for people who are blind.
South Sudan dowry prices are spiralling out of control, critics say, and now girls are complaining that the high price their families can get for marrying them off is encouraging their parents to accept dowries for younger and younger girls.
South Sudan has officially become an independent state.
South Sudan leaders said Thursday the country's transitional leadership will stay in power for another 24 months to complete the political, security and electoral reforms needed to move the country forward.
South Sudan's independence ended a costly war.
South Sudan’s rebel leader says his group will ratify the recently signed peace agreement on Tuesday as part of efforts to restore peace and end the country’s nearly two year long conflict.
South Tarawa is the capital of Kiribati.
South Tyrol is one of the wealthiest regions in Italy and in Europe.
South Vietnam was backed by capitalist nations.
South of Illyria and Macedonia lay northern Greece, comprising Epirus and Thessalia, separated from north to south by Mount Pindo.
South of the Algerian province of Adrar lies an uninhabitable desert.
South of the Weisswurst equator, I feel as a Rhinelander as if I'm abroad.
South-southeast is the lucky direction of the year.
Southeast Bank distributed a special CSR fund to support farmers with cultivation and the purchase of farming machinery.
Southern Africa is far away.
Southern Algeria has a desert climate and a severe lack of water.
Southern Algeria is a dry and barren region.
Southern Algeria is exposed to security threats.
Southern Algeria is known for its flash floods.
Southern Germany is mountainous.
Southern Louisiana is no stranger to disasters.
Southern Mongoloids or Sundadonts have infusions of Australoids.
Southern and Mediterranean European countries attract millions of tourists like Nak and his wife each year.
Southern fried chicken. How do you prepare that?
Southern men, Northern women.
Southern newspapers attacked Lincoln.
Southern senators blocked anti-lynching legislation through the 1930s.
Southerners are regarded as polite and easygoing and Midwesterners are considered self-reliant and conscientious.
Southerners didn't like people from the North.
Southward.
Southwards.
Southwest Airlines has promised to reimburse passengers for expenses such as hotels and car rentals in addition to refunding tickets, after it canceled thousands of flights due to a massive winter storm.
Southwestern Native Americans were known for building pueblos.
Southwestern cities like Phoenix and Tucson have some of the fastest-growing populations in the country.
Souvenirs are sold or are for sale.
Sovereignty resides in the people.
Sovereignty unconditionally belongs to the nation.
Soviet and Western observers have warned that if the Muslim republics do not join the commonwealth, they may from a separate group, setting up a volatile ethnic and religious split.
Soviet cosmonaut Valentina Tereshkova was born in the Yaroslavl Region of Russia on March 6, 1937.
Sow the wind, harvest the storm.
Sow the wind, reap the whirlwind.
Sow those seeds, then you can go home.
Soy is a food for animals that's full of protein.
Soy milk comes in a bag or a box; I have never seen it in a bottle.
Soy milk is a great substitute for milk.
Soya is a cereal.
Soylent Green is people!
Soyuz 11 cosmonauts Georgi Dobrovolsky, Vladislav Volkov, and Viktor Patsayev were killed in re-entry in 1971. They were returning to Earth after successfully manning Salyut 1, the first Soviet space station.
So—Mary, have you a boyfriend? If it's 'yes', would you let me meet him?
Spa is a spa town.
Space Shuttle Atlantis has flown its last flight.
Space begins 100 kilometers above sea level, whereas the moon is 400,000 kilometers from Earth.
Space colonists thought that language was an important aspect of their lives. They sought an appropriate language.
Space debris, like old satellites, can pose a hazard to future space missions.
Space doesn't care about any of us.
Space dust may not sound very dangerous, but when even a tiny object is moving many times faster than a bullet, it can cause injury.
Space exploration may be robotic in nature for a long time yet.
Space exploration of the Solar System for the first few centuries was full of trial and error.
Space exploration opens the door to endless possibilities.
Space explorers were not without religion.
Space food has come a long way, but the menu aboard the space station has yet to earn four stars.
Space has an infinite amount of resources that could be useful for humans.
Space has no "up" or "down".
Space has no "up" or "down."
Space holds endless possibilities.
Space in Algiers is scarce and expensive.
Space is actually a good insulator because it is difficult to transfer heat to nothing.
Space is an issue in this house.
Space is big, really, really, really big.
Space is big.
Space is cold.
Space is fake.
Space is fictional.
Space is full of mysteries.
Space is full of mystery.
Space is full of radiation.
Space is incredibly cold, with temperatures close to absolute zero.
Space is really big.
Space is scary.
Space is silent, with no air to carry sound.
Space is the future.
Space is very big.
Space offers endless challenges.
Space probes have landed on Mars.
Space probes send back data from the far reaches of the solar system.
Space research and exploration are scientific enterprises that are crucial for the progress and continued survival of humanity.
Space research is necessary for the propagation and continuation of the human species.
Space research is necessary to ensure that mankind is not wiped out by global catastrophes of cosmic origin, such as meteor strikes.
Space science is still in its infancy.
Space seems endless.
Space station crews usually sleep in sleeping bags located in small crew cabins.
Space station ground controllers will test their ability to command a small flatcar to roll along tracks on a 13-meter girder that space shuttle Atlantis astronauts mounted on the station last week.
Space stations are like floating laboratories in orbit around Earth.
Space technology will remain dependant on national governments unless we find a way to make space profitable.
Space telescopes help scientists observe distant galaxies and stars.
Space travel challenges our understanding of physics and engineering.
Space travel is complex and risky.
Space travel is dangerous.
Space travel is no longer a dream.
Space travel may one day become a common experience for people.
Space travel takes a heavy toll on one's body.
Space travel was thought to be impossible.
Space travel will be commonplace some time in the future.
Space travel will not be luxurious travel for a long time yet.
Space walks, or extravehicular activities, allow astronauts to work outside their spacecraft.
Space was made up by the CIA.
Space-time around the pulsar is so distorted that light from the side of the pulsar facing away from us is “bent” and redirected into our view.
SpaceX has not privatized space; in fact, it depends on billions of dollars in government grants.
Spacecraft can travel billions of miles to explore distant planets.
Spacesuits also protect astronauts from radiation in space.
Spacesuits protect astronauts from being injured from impacts of small bits of space dust.
Spacesuits protect astronauts from extreme hot and cold temperatures, harmful space dust and radiation. They also give astronauts oxygen to breathe and water to drink during spacewalks.
Spacesuits protect spacewalkers from the harsh environment of space.
Spacesuits supply astronauts with oxygen to breathe while they are in the vacuum of space.
Spacewalkers must wear pressurized spacesuits in order to work in space. These suits have pressures significantly lower than the ambient cabin pressure of a spacecraft.
Spacewalking astronauts wear a wrist mirror on each sleeve to get better views while working.
Spacewalks usually last between five and eight hours, depending on the job.
Spacious apartments in Tokyo are hard to come by.
Spacious houses are more financially attainable than they used to be.
Spackle the walls and then we'll paint.
Spades are the trump suit.
Spaghetti don't grow on trees.
Spaghetti is best eaten with some grated Parmesan cheese.
Spaghetti is high in carbohydrates.
Spaghetti is one of Tom's favorite dishes.
Spaghetti is one of my favorite foods.
Spaghetti is one of my specialties.
Spaghetti with meatballs is an Italian-American dish.
Spaghetti with meatballs was invented by Italian immigrants living in New York City.
Spahn said the good news is the overall speed of vaccinations is increasing and vaccine orders from the states are going up.
Spain abandoned Western Sahara to Morocco and Mauritania in 1975.
Spain agreed to treat Sahrawi President Brahim Ghali for Covid-19.
Spain also imports gas produced in Algeria.
Spain and Italy buy gas from Algeria.
Spain and Portugal were previously under the rule of Muslims.
Spain and the UK continue to spar over the territory.
Spain announced Saturday that it would severely limit the movements of its 46 million people to try to contain the coronavirus.
Spain approved the treaty.
Spain attempted to exert some dominance in North Africa.
Spain came in first place in the 2010 World Cup.
Spain captured many Algerian cities in the 16th century.
Spain ceded Guam to the US in 1898.
Spain civilized America, while England exploited it.
Spain controlled Florida.
Spain declared a state of emergency Friday.
Spain endorsed Morocco's plan to give limited autonomy to Western Sahara, something considered illegal by the Sahrawi people.
Spain expelled its Jews the same year Columbus set sail. Antisemitic blood purity laws became the template for colonial race laws.
Spain had 4,200 cases of infection, with more than 2,000 of them in Madrid.
Spain has been a democracy since 1975.
Spain has been a democratic country since 1975.
Spain has cities in Morocco.
Spain has land borders with Morocco.
Spain has no right to hand Western Sahara over to Morocco.
Spain has relaxed what was one of the world’s strictest lockdowns, allowing children to go outside Sunday for the first time in more than a month.
Spain has won the 2010 FIFA World Cup and the national team logo gains the first star.
Spain hopes to help save struggling communities like Sárnago by offering visas and tax incentives to digital nomads, who work from their laptops around the world.
Spain illegally ceded Western Sahara to Morocco and Mauritania.
Spain imports gas from Algeria.
Spain is a European country.
Spain is a developed country.
Spain is a major exporter of fruit for the rest of Europe.
Spain is a tourist country.
Spain is a very sunny country.
Spain is abundant in oranges.
Spain is beautiful, but too far away.
Spain is called "Espainia" in Basque.
Spain is called "Espanya" in Catalan.
Spain is called "España" in Spanish.
Spain is currently importing gas from Algeria.
Spain is following Italy in talking about scaling back coronavirus restrictions as its numbers start to recede.
Spain is in south-west Europe.
Spain is located west of Greece.
Spain is no longer present in Western Sahara.
Spain is reeling under the onslaught of the coronavirus.
Spain is separated from the rest of Europe by the Pyrenees.
Spain is still theoretically the administering power of Western Sahara.
Spain is the Eurozone's fourth-largest economy.
Spain is the host country for the Olympics in 1992.
Spain is the land of castles.
Spain is the second largest country in Western Europe.
Spain is the winner of the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Spain left its posts in Western Sahara, letting Morocco and Mauritania to illegally occupy the territory.
Spain never accepted the right of Western Sahara to determine its own future.
Spain occupies tiny parts of Morocco.
Spain once governed the Philippine Islands.
Spain once ruled the Philippines.
Spain provided medical care for Brahim Ghali in 2021.
Spain rejects Kosovo's independence.
Spain reopened some of its beaches.
Spain ruled Cuba at that time.
Spain shares borders with France, Portugal, the principality of Andorra, and the British colony of Gibraltar. In its African territories, it shares terrestrial and maritime borders with Morocco.
Spain shares borders with five countries.
Spain still occupies two cities and countless tiny pieces of land in Morocco.
Spain still owns two cities and a bunch of rocks in northern Morocco.
Spain tried to colonize Algeria in the 16th century.
Spain walked rings around their opponents. The French looked sluggish.
Spain wallops Netherlands.
Spain was in Muslim hands for eight centuries.
Spain was one of the mightiest nations.
Spain was one of the world's mightiest nations.
Spain was one of the world’s mightiest nations.
Spain was previously under the rule of Muslims.
Spain was ruled by a dictator until 1975.
Spain was ruled by a dictator until the year nineteen seventy-five.
Spain was the European economy hit hardest by COVID-19, and its recovery has been slower than those of its continental neighbors.
Spain was the first European country to exceed one million infected.
Spain will need to borrow 100 billion euros.
Spain's High Court turned down Morocco's request to arrest Western Sahara's president, Brahim Ghali.
Spain's capital is a beautiful city.
Spain's countryside is suffering a slow demise after the long exodus of its rural population.
Spain's game has been desperate.
Spain, Italy and Greece are in Europe.
Spain, Switzerland and Japan are parliamentary monarchies.
Spain, a neutral party in the war, was the only country that reported casualty numbers accurately, hence the name Spanish flu, even though the flu did not originate there.
Spain’s health system is stressed to the breaking point.
Spain’s southern region of Andalusia supplies the rest of Europe with 90% of the early seasonal fruit at this time of the year.
Spam is annoying.
Spam is irritating.
Spam used to be questionable food in a can. Now questionable sentences on a computer are called "Spam".
Spanglish is working its way into popular culture, in music and television shows, but some Spanish language experts see Spanglish as a threat to Spanish culture.
Spaniards are sympathetic people.
Spaniards have two surnames.
Spaniards love to stroll around in the evening cool.
Spanish City is a venue in the seaside town of Whitley Bay on the North Tyneside coast.
Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez pledged Tuesday to beat the latest surge in COVID-19 cases that has hit the nation, and he urged the Spanish people to remain “alert but serene” as the country works to flatten the increase.
Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez, in announcing the measures, said that starting immediately, residents would be allowed to leave their homes only to buy food or medicine, to go to work, to find medical care or to help care for the young or elderly.
Spanish actress Sara Montiel's mortal remains now rest in Madrid's San Justo Graveyard beside her mother and sister, after a touching funeral in which relatives, friends and admirers gave her a last farewell.
Spanish and Italian are a lot alike.
Spanish and Italian are very similar.
Spanish and Portuguese are just weird accents of each other.
Spanish and Portuguese are practically the same.
Spanish and Portuguese are similar only when written.
Spanish and Portuguese are very similar languages.
Spanish class is cancelled for tomorrow.
Spanish goats are Yanni's favorite goats.
Spanish history is replete with official anti-Semitism: the 14th-century massacres of Jews in Seville, Córdoba and elsewhere, incited by a prominent Catholic clergyman; the Spanish Inquisition and forced religious conversions, beginning in the 15th century; and the expulsion of an estimated 70,000 Jews by decree of Ferdinand and Isabella.
Spanish inflects; Japanese conjugates; German declines.
Spanish is a Romance language.
Spanish is a very beautiful language.
Spanish is an open syllable language.
Spanish is closer to Portuguese than it is to Catalan.
Spanish is closer to Portuguese than to Catalan.
Spanish is easy to learn.
Spanish is easy to master.
Spanish is easy to study.
Spanish is easy.
Spanish is her mother tongue.
Spanish is her native language.
Spanish is his mother tongue.
Spanish is much easier than German.
Spanish is my mother tongue.
Spanish is not only spoken in Spain.
Spanish is spoken here.
Spanish is spoken in Central and South America.
Spanish is spoken in Mexico.
Spanish is spoken in a whole bunch of countries.
Spanish is spoken in many countries.
Spanish is spoken in more than twenty countries, it has more than five hundred thousand speakers and everyone has their own way of speaking it.
Spanish is spoken in most countries of South America.
Spanish is spoken in the Central and the South Americas.
Spanish is spoken in twenty countries.
Spanish is spoken not only in Spain.
Spanish is the second most widely spoken native language in the world, after Mandarin Chinese.
Spanish is their native language.
Spanish is very easy to learn.
Spanish is very easy.
Spanish is very similar to Portuguese.
Spanish is widely spoken in South America.
Spanish is your native language.
Spanish isn't the only language spoken in Mexico. There are also various indigenous languages.
Spanish officials said that as of Saturday, there were more than 5,700 confirmed COVID-19 cases in the country, an increase of 1,500 in 24 hours.
Spanish on the way.
Spanish opened many doors for him.
Spanish people are good.
Spanish phonology is pretty simple.
Spanish postcodes consist of five digits.
Spanish postcodes have five digits.
Spanish pronouns may seem complicated, but they quickly stop becoming a big deal.
Spanish should be an official ISO language.
Spanish society is profoundly feminist.
Spanish sounds beautiful, too.
Spanish sounds like Greek.
Spanish speakers can learn Italian easily.
Spanish speakers usually call some cacti "cojines de suegra."
Spanish used to be the Philippines' official language.
Spanish words sound sandy.
Spanish, French, Italian and Romanian are Latin languages.
Spanish, French, Italian and Romanian are Romance languages.
Spanish, Portuguese and other foreign conquerors massacred South America's Indian inhabitants at an average rate of roughly one every 10 minutes.
Spanish-speaking isn't a race.
Spank me hard!
Spank me!
Spank the bank.
Spanker? I don't even know her!
Spanning 4,241 kilometres, the Mackenzie River is Canada's longest river.
Spanning the years 1997 and 2012, Gen Zers are the first generation to be born into digital technology.
Spare me from your passive-aggressive comments and focus on finding a more constructive use of your time.
Spare me the details.
Spare me the grisly details.
Spare me the sarcasm.
Spare me the sympathy.
Spare me the technical details.
Spare me your advice, I beg of you.
Spare me your excuses.
Spare me your maudlin life stories.
Spare me your stories.
Spare me.
Spare no expense and no effort.
Spare no expense and no pains.
Spare some change?
Spare the rod and spoil the child.
Spare the rod, spoil the child.
Spare those who are buried.
Spare time; spare money.
Spare us your long-winded explanations.
Spark is a nice cat's name.
Sparks fly.
Sparks rained on the street from the burning house.
Sparks were coming out of the chimney.
Sparks were flying everywhere.
Sparks were flying from the chimney.
Sparks were flying off.
Sparrowhawks are birds of prey.
Sparrows are everywhere in the Netherlands.
Sparrows are singing in the trees.
Sparrows are ubiquitous in the Netherlands.
Sparrows were flying about.
Sparta always leaned toward war, Athens, toward politics.
Sparta and Delphi are Greek cities.
Sparta aspired to hegemony over all of Greece.
Sparta is a Greek city.
Sparta is a city.
Sparta is in Greece.
Sparta isn't an island.
Sparta isn’t an island, is it?
Sparta too is a town.
Sparta was deprived of her share in the Amphictyonic privileges; the two votes in the council possessed by the Phocians were transferred to the kings of Macedonia; and Philip was to share with the Thebans and Thessalians the honour of presiding at the Pythian games (B.C. 346).
Spartacus was a Roman slave.
Speak Berber every day.
Speak Berber naturally.
Speak Berber!
Speak Berber, OK?
Speak Berber, please.
Speak Berber.
Speak English with him.
Speak English with those you understand.
Speak English, please.
Speak English.
Speak Esperanto!
Speak French every day.
Speak French whenever you can.
Speak French with me.
Speak French, OK?
Speak French, please.
Speak French.
Speak Hungarian!
Speak Italian!
Speak Italian! I can't understand German.
Speak Japanese.
Speak Lojban and be happy.
Speak Magyar!
Speak Russian correctly!
Speak Spanish with me.
Speak Swedish!
Speak Tamazight.
Speak Toki Pona.
Speak Yiddish.
Speak a foreign language.
Speak a little French every day and you'll soon be a much better speaker.
Speak a little bit more quietly.
Speak a little louder.
Speak about it to your dog or your cat.
Speak about others as you would want them to speak about you!
Speak assertively.
Speak before it's too late.
Speak clearly and articulate your words.
Speak clearly and make yourself heard.
Speak clearly so everybody can understand you.
Speak clearly so everyone can understand you.
Speak clearly so everyone may hear you.
Speak clearly so that everybody can understand you.
Speak clearly so that everyone can understand you.
Speak clearly so that everyone may hear you.
Speak clearly!
Speak clearly, I don't understand what you are saying.
Speak clearly.
Speak concisely.
Speak either Berber or Arabic.
Speak fast.
Speak for yourself, Tom.
Speak for yourself, Ziri.
Speak for yourself.
Speak for yourself. Not others.
Speak for yourselves.
Speak gently to everyone.
Speak in Lojban or about Lojban.
Speak in a calm voice.
Speak in a loud voice when you give your speech.
Speak in a low voice.
Speak in my behalf.
Speak into the microphone.
Speak kindly to others.
Speak loud and clear.
Speak loud enough to be heard.
Speak louder for the benefit of those in the rear.
Speak louder so everybody can hear you.
Speak louder so everyone can hear you.
Speak louder so that everyone can hear you better.
Speak louder so that everyone can hear you.
Speak louder so that everyone may hear you.
Speak louder that your grandpa does not hear that well already.
Speak louder!
Speak louder, please.
Speak louder.
Speak louder. Your grandfather's hearing is not what it used to be.
Speak louder. Your grandfather's hearing isn't so good.
Speak low, if you speak love.
Speak more Berber to your children.
Speak more clearly.
Speak more quietly, please.
Speak more quietly.
Speak more slowly so I can understand you.
Speak more slowly so that we can understand you.
Speak more slowly so we can understand you.
Speak more slowly!
Speak more slowly, please!
Speak more slowly, please.
Speak more slowly.
Speak more slowly; I can't understand.
Speak not in the ears of a fool: for he will despise the wisdom of thy words.
Speak now or forever hold your peace.
Speak now, or forever be silent.
Speak of angels and you hear their wings.
Speak of angels, and you will hear their wings.
Speak of the Devil and he doth appear.
Speak of the Devil and he shall appear.
Speak of the devil and he appears.
Speak of the devil and he is sure to appear.
Speak of the devil!
Speak of the devil, and he appears.
Speak of the devil, here comes Kathy.
Speak of the devil.
Speak of the devil...
Speak of the next year, and the devil will laugh.
Speak on my behalf!
Speak on our behalf.
Speak only when you're addressed.
Speak out!
Speak out, don't be diffident.
Speak plain truth.
Speak politely about someone who has passed away.
Speak politely to each other, or say nice words to each other.
Speak precisely.
Speak quietly lest she should hear us.
Speak quietly!
Speak quietly, so your don't wake the baby up.
Speak quietly.
Speak slower, please.
Speak slower.
Speak slowly and clearly.
Speak slowly and use short words.
Speak slowly!
Speak slowly, please.
Speak slowly.
Speak softly and carry a big stick.
Speak softly around the baby so he doesn't get startled.
Speak softly or the baby will wake up.
Speak softly!
Speak softly, no need to make a racket!
Speak softly.
Speak the prophecy: disaster comes soon!
Speak the truth and shame the devil.
Speak the truth even when it's painful.
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
Speak then!
Speak to Lizzy about it yourself.
Speak to Tom about it yourself.
Speak to Tom in French.
Speak to her.
Speak to him in English.
Speak to him, and put my words in his mouth: and I will be in thy mouth, and in his mouth, and will shew you what you must do.
Speak to me freely.
Speak to me in English.
Speak to me in French, but pronounce all the silent letters.
Speak to me in French.
Speak to me, Tom.
Speak to me.
Speak to the daughter-in-law so that the mother-in-law may understand.
Speak to the manager of the firm.
Speak to the manager.
Speak to us, Tom.
Speak to your doctor.
Speak truth to power.
Speak up a bit more. I can't understand anything you're saying.
Speak up before it's too late!
Speak up for yourself, otherwise no one will hear you.
Speak up for yourself.
Speak up if you have any questions.
Speak up if you notice other viewers behaving in a way that disturbs wildlife.
Speak up if you truly believe it.
Speak up!
Speak up, I can't hear well.
Speak up, Tom.
Speak up, Tom. I can't hear you.
Speak up, and speak clearly.
Speak up, please.
Speak up.
Speak up. I can't hear you.
Speak well of the dead.
Speak when you are spoken to.
Speak when you're told to speak.
Speak with confidence.
Speak with love.
Speak with me.
Speak with my doctor.
Speak with respect to the boss, what the hell!
Speak ye to the whole assembly of the children of Israel, and say to them: On the tenth day of this month let every man take a lamb by their families and houses.
Speak your mind, please.
Speak your mind.
Speak your point.
Speak your truth quietly and clearly; and listen to others, even to the dull and the ignorant, they too have their story.
Speak!
Speak, David.
Speak, I will speak.
Speak, John!
Speak, Kawika.
Speak, if you can; what are you?
Speak, please.
Speak, then be silent. When you're silent, write.
Speak.
Speakers are sold separately.
Speakers have a natural tendency to cut down on words.
Speakers of Germanic languages can learn a lot from Romance languages.
Speakers of certain languages do not produce pulmonic consonants with the lungs, but instead make use of the oral cavity and produce non-pulmonic sounds.
Speakers of the dialect are in the majority in this region.
Speakers of the various Northern Berber dialects are aware that their dialects are mutually intelligible.
Speakers of various dialects are in the majority in this region.
Speaking Berber has become a second nature to me.
Speaking Berber in Algeria could have huge advantages.
Speaking Berber is hard.
Speaking Berber is not a crime.
Speaking Berber isn't something to be ashamed of.
Speaking Berber was illegal in Libya.
Speaking English is a lot of fun.
Speaking English is difficult.
Speaking English is not easy.
Speaking English is useful.
Speaking English is very difficult for me.
Speaking English isn't easy, but interesting.
Speaking English isn't easy, but it's fun.
Speaking English isn't easy.
Speaking English isn't something special.
Speaking English isn’t easy, but interesting.
Speaking English isn’t easy, but it’s fun.
Speaking English isn’t easy.
Speaking English well is difficult.
Speaking Esperanto is so easy that sometimes it requires a real effort.
Speaking French is a big plus for this position.
Speaking French is a lot of fun.
Speaking French is difficult.
Speaking French is easy for me.
Speaking French is hard.
Speaking French is very difficult for me.
Speaking French isn't easy, but it's fun.
Speaking French isn't easy.
Speaking French well is difficult.
Speaking French well is hard.
Speaking Friday to reporters at the White House, Obama said he would not sign any more "shortsighted" measures that cover brief periods and leave disputes over major issues unresolved.
Speaking Japanese is easy for me.
Speaking Latin around Mary can give her the creeps.
Speaking Tuesday before the United Nations' highest court, he said Japan strictly abides by international law, and its research findings help the scientific community.
Speaking a foreign language correctly is much harder than understanding one.
Speaking a foreign language gives you a new perspective and allows you to see the world from another point of view.
Speaking a foreign language is very important.
Speaking a foreign language well isn't easy.
Speaking a foreign language well isn't so easy.
Speaking a language or living somewhere doesn't mean belonging to a certain genetic lineage.
Speaking a news briefing Tuesday in Berlin, Robert Koch Institute chief Lothar Wieler told reporters the country's rate of coronavirus infections has crept up slightly since Germany eased lockdown restrictions on April 20 to allow small businesses to open.
Speaking a soft language affects your sexuality. The mouth is also a sex organ.
Speaking about a daughter's success, you can't but mention her mother.
Speaking about foreign languages, do you speak French?
Speaking about love is making love.
Speaking about trips, have you ever been to Kobe?
Speaking and writing are different.
Speaking at a news conference at the end of the three-hour meeting, Canadian Foreign Minister Lawrence Cannon said the Arctic coastal, or littoral, states have special responsibilities and must be prepared to meet them.
Speaking badly brings you nothing but loss!
Speaking colloquially isn't speaking poorly.
Speaking earlier Friday, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said people have a duty to be inoculated with the COVID-19 vaccine as a way of protecting not only themselves, but others as well.
Speaking foreign languages is not easy.
Speaking foreign languages isn't easy.
Speaking in English is fun.
Speaking in French is fun.
Speaking in front of the tomb of John Paul II, Francis recalled how the Polish pope was a good pastor who visited the people all over the world.
Speaking in public is my Achilles heel; I'm simply too shy.
Speaking in public is my Achilles heel; I’m simply too shy.
Speaking in public makes me nervous.
Speaking in public was an ordeal for Tom.
Speaking in some languages sounds like playing.
Speaking in some languages sounds like praying.
Speaking is easy.
Speaking is hard.
Speaking less can lead to wiser actions.
Speaking medically, I advise you to lose weight.
Speaking much English makes me dizzy and is disorienting.
Speaking objectively, math can be confusing for 1st graders.
Speaking of AKB, I went to their live performances twice before their debut.
Speaking of Boston, have you ever been there in the winter?
Speaking of Japan, I have gone there many times.
Speaking of Kyoto, have you ever visited the Kinkakuji Temple?
Speaking of Mary, I have not seen her for a long time.
Speaking of Mary, I haven't seen her for a long time.
Speaking of Mr. Tanaka, have you seen him lately?
Speaking of Nagoya, have you ever been to Seto?
Speaking of Switzerland, have you ever been there in spring?
Speaking of Switzerland, have you ever been there in the winter?
Speaking of Switzerland, have you ever been there in winter?
Speaking of Tom, have you seen him lately?
Speaking of adventures, here comes your wife.
Speaking of classical music, who's your favourite composer?
Speaking of dictionaries, I have benefited from various kinds.
Speaking of fall flavors in Japan, what comes to everyone's mind? For me, after all is said and done, it would be pike.
Speaking of films, why not go to the cinema tonight?
Speaking of foreign languages, can you speak French?
Speaking of foreign languages, do you speak French?
Speaking of genocide, today is Columbus Day.
Speaking of his eating habits, they're revolting aren't they?
Speaking of his eating habits, they’re revolting aren’t they?
Speaking of hobbies, I'm fond of baseball.
Speaking of hobbies, I’m fond of baseball.
Speaking of hobbies, do you collect stamps?
Speaking of last night, what time did you get home?
Speaking of religious matters is a delicate affair.
Speaking of somebody who needs help, what's up with Tom?
Speaking of sports, can you play tennis?
Speaking of television, what is your favorite show nowadays?
Speaking of thieves, how's your brother?
Speaking of traffic accidents, I saw one last year.
Speaking of travel, have you ever been to Australia?
Speaking of travel, have you ever visited New York City?
Speaking of which, this BMW is four and a half meters long.
Speaking of which; I've been eating nothing but pasta since yesterday, haven't I?
Speaking on Italian TV, Pescara mayor Carlo Masci called the events in his area truly dramatic and said those responsible must pay.
Speaking only in French all day was a good experience for me.
Speaking strictly, your opinion is different from mine.
Speaking the same language doesn't mean having the same opinion.
Speaking the same language in between several cultures sometimes is a source of more confusion than to speak different languages, since we are less aware of the different meanings that the same words can entail.
Speaking the truth is not a crime.
Speaking the truth isn't a crime.
Speaking to American Jewish leaders at the Vatican, the pope said denial or minimization of the Shoah was intolerable and unacceptable.
Speaking to his apostles, the initial ones of those to make up the new heavens that will govern the new earth, Jesus promised: “Truly I say to you, In the re-creation, when the Son of man sits down upon his glorious throne, you who have followed me will also yourselves sit upon twelve thrones.”
Speaking to reporters in Berlin, Robert Koch Institute chief Lothar Wieler said the number of new infections has since plateaued, with 22,609 reported on Thursday—roughly the same number as a week ago.
Speaking to the New York Daily News, the talk show hostess says she initially laughed when an assistant told her the newspaper was inquiring about a book her father, Vernon Winfrey, planned to write about her.
Speaking too simple a language is not easy.
Speaking with him bores me.
Speaking with reporters in Montreal, Canada, Walesa says the change of leadership in East Germany came about because the old guard leaders missed the train of history.
Speaking with your children helps build strong relationships.
Speaking without thinking is like shooting without looking.
Speaking your native language is easy, yet boring.
Speaking your native language is so boring.
Speaking.
Spearmint is a species of mint that is native to Europe and Southwest Asia.
Spearmint smells really good.
Special care should be taken on this point.
Special cases aren't special enough to break the rules.
Special events require additional fees.
Special fares are available for senior citizens, staff, faculty and students.
Special forces and marriage don't go together.
Special forces are the real tough guys.
Special forces are trained in eye gouging and attacking their opponents in the scrotum.
Special forces are trained to kill.
Special forces are used for special purposes.
Special forces might do a lot of bad things but they never talk about them.
Special forces operate in high-value strategic contexts, often undercover or abroad.
Special forces surrounded the building.
Special forces training is already a torture.
Special forces undergo intense physical training.
Special new breeds of a drought-hardy grain may help reduce iron deficiency among the world’s poor, according to two new studies.
Special services include a personal driver for each guest.
Special skills: Fluent in Berber.
Special software crunches the data that are scooped up.
Special ventilation systems will filter air for release to the atmosphere and heating systems will prevent the buildup of condensation.
Specialist workers are in demand.
Specialists are people who have only one string in their violin.
Specialists are people who have only one string on their violin.
Specialized instruments are used to uncover any hidden pockets of water.
Specialized libraries collect writings about art.
Specific Impulse can be thought of as a kind of fuel efficiency for rocket engines, analogous to the miles-per-gallon for cars.
Specifically, I'm a university lecturer.
Specifically, I’m a university lecturer.
Specifically, the Mission works with Tanzanians to fight HIV/AIDS and malaria, improve infrastructure, increase access to education, and promote economic development.
Specifications and price are subject to change.
Specificity is a virtue when you write a technical document.
Specify.
Spectators gathered as he climbed into the plane.
Specular image holds an important place in Lakan's theory of the Imaginary.
Speculation is growing apace.
Speculative fiction includes the genres of science fiction, fantasy, horror, superhero fiction, alternate history, utopian and dystopian fiction, supernatural fiction, dieselpunk, and steampunk, as well as combinations of those mentioned.
Speculators invest in wars.
Speech exposes what the brain is worth.
Speech is but a noise and books are but paper.
Speech is external thought, and thought internal speech.
Speech is silver, but silence is golden.
Speech is silver, silence is gold.
Speech is silver, silence is golden.
Speech is the garment of thought, and expression is thought's armor.
Speech is the shadow of action.
Speech is worth silver, silence worth gold.
Speech recognition software can make hilarious errors.
Speech recognition systems need to work for people with speech impediments.
Speech sounds are defined as phones.
Speech, occasionally, fails to articulate human sentiments.
Speed bumps have diverted traffic from the streets where they were installed.
Speed is a relationship between two objects.
Speed isn't everything.
Speed it up.
Speed kills.
Speed up.
Speeding boats are dangerous to marine life and people.
Speeding can be an offence.
Speeding causes accidents.
Speeding increases the risk of car accidents.
Speeding often causes car accidents.
Spell it for me!
Spell it!
Spell your first name for me.
Spell your name, please.
Spell-check solves a lot of problems.
Spellchecking will usually catch most of your typos.
Spelling bees are stupid.
Spelling is fun.
Spelling is writing or saying, in the correct sequence, the letters that make up a word.
Spelling mistakes really annoy me.
Spelt is an ancient form of wheat with a nutty flavor which is rich in fiber and minerals and counts among dozens of sometimes ancient and obscure foods scientists say benefit people and the planet.
Spencer's attitude drives me nuts.
Spend a few days getting familiar with the project, and if you want to keep working on it, we'll formalize the arrangement.
Spend as much as you want.
Spend four days in Algiers.
Spend less, smile more.
Spend money and enjoy life!
Spend quality time with loved ones, cherishing the laughter and connection that comes with it.
Spend some money on yourself.
Spend some time on things like this.
Spend some time with me.
Spend some time with your kids, too.
Spend the night with us, and I'll take you in the morning.
Spend the night with us.
Spend the time you have with the people you love. If you truly love them, it'll always be worth it.
Spend time in nature.
Spend time with people you love.
Spend what remains of the money.
Spend whatever you need to spend.
Spend whatever you need.
Spend within your means.
Spend your money elsewhere.
Spend your time wisely and you'll always have enough of it.
Spend your time wisely and you’ll always have enough of it.
Spending a month at a historic ranch as its host and caretaker is not a dream vacation description, it's a volunteer program offered by the U.S. Forest Service.
Spending all day at my computer is making my backside flat.
Spending every day like this must be boring!
Spending excessive time online disconnects me from the beauty and experiences of the physical world.
Spending less than you earn is a good way to increase your wealth.
Spending less than you earn is a good way to stay out of debt.
Spending money doesn't make me happy, but buying things does.
Spending money is as easy as pie.
Spending money stimulates the economy.
Spending time in nature is one of the best ways to improve your mood, especially if you’re living in the city, where stress is prevalent.
Spending time in the forest is good for you.
Spending time outdoors helps me feel more connected to nature and myself.
Spending time outdoors is important to our well-being.
Spending time together is important to me.
Spending time together is important.
Spending time with each other can be more valuable than any material present.
Spending time with friends on the beach is fun.
Spending time with my students is amazing.
Spending time with your children couldn't hurt.
Spending time with your family is important.
Spending time with your family should be your priority.
Spending time with your significant other should be high on your priority list.
Spending two hours writing an email that won't even take up one page of a sheet of paper is not something you can write home about. It's more like you're writing about your own inability to write coherently.
Spending will grow only a touch faster.
Spenser would not tell anyone his surreptitious plan to get back at his friends for pranking him.
Spenser's mother often scrutinizes him for every small mistake he makes.
Spenser's sarcastic and joking remarks are often misinterpreted as signs of ambivalence and often taken too seriously.
Spenser’s mother often scrutinizes him for every small mistake he makes.
Spenser’s sarcastic and joking remarks are often misinterpreted as signs of ambivalence and often taken too seriously.
Sperm are produced in the testes.
Sperm bank regulations restrict a given donor to making sperm donations at only one facility and restrict the number of children that each donor can "father".
Sperm bank regulations restricted a given donor to making sperm donations at only one facility and restricted the number of children that each donor could "father".
Sperm banks perform screenings on the donors to reduce the chance of their passing on genetic and infectious diseases.
Sperm banks store sperm for future use.
Sperm can be affected by factors like temperature and health.
Sperm can survive in a woman's body for several days.
Sperm can travel long distances to reach an egg.
Sperm is essential for the continuation of many species.
Sperm is often described as having a distinct taste and texture.
Sperm motility is one of the things tested in a semen analysis.
Sperm production continues throughout adulthood.
Sperm production is a continuous process throughout a man's life.
Sperm quality can be affected by environmental factors.
Sperm size can vary across species.
Sperm whales are the largest animals with teeth on Earth.
Sperm whales can dive to a depth of 1,000 metres.
Spermatozoa measure about five micrometres in length.
Spices and condiments should be arranged in an orderly manner.
Spices improve dishes.
Spices such as cloves came from the Spice Islands.
Spices such as cloves came from the renowned Spice Islands.
Spicy food makes me hiccup.
Spicy food makes my stomach ache.
Spicy food was forbidden for Boldi.
Spicy pepper is my favorite.
Spicy pickles are the best thing since pickles.
Spider bites are much less dangerous than scorpion stings.
Spider bites that cause fever are rare. A scorpion sting, though, can cause death.
Spider mites are a pest that damages English ivy.
Spider mites aren't the hardest pest to get rid of.
Spider mites attack ivies that are water-stressed.
Spider mites attack ivies that aren't healthy.
Spider-Man is Ziri's comic book hero.
Spider-Man is cool. Spiders are NOT.
Spider-Man left Ivan in the park for the police to apprehend.
Spider-Man managed to catch Rima before she fell.
Spider-Man was hanging from the ceiling.
Spiders always weave their webs in three dimensions.
Spiders and scorpions have eight legs.
Spiders are attracted by light.
Spiders are cute.
Spiders are fascinating.
Spiders are loathsome little creatures.
Spiders are very adaptive, especially when spinning a web.
Spiders aren't insects but arachnids.
Spiders aren't insects.
Spiders can detect electric fields.
Spiders can have arachnophobia.
Spiders can kill people.
Spiders catch prey in their webs.
Spiders creep along the walls everywhere.
Spiders disgust me.
Spiders don't have ears.
Spiders don't have wings.
Spiders don't sting, they bite.
Spiders don't want to bite us.
Spiders eat insects.
Spiders had built their webs in the angles of the walls and ceilings; and sometimes, when Oliver walked softly into a room, the mice would scamper across the floor, and run back terrified to their holes.
Spiders have blue blood.
Spiders have eight eyes.
Spiders have eight legs.
Spiders have no ears.
Spiders have scared Ziri for as long as he could remember.
Spiders like to build spiderwebs.
Spiders like to weave webs.
Spiders make webs.
Spiders need love too.
Spiders often like to sleep upside down.
Spiders only bite people in extreme situations.
Spiders prey on flies and other small insects.
Spiders scare me.
Spiders spin webs.
Spiders terrify her.
Spiders terrify me.
Spiders use electric fields to fly around the world.
Spiders wait for insects to become entangled in their nets. That's how they get their food.
Spiders wait for insects to get caught in the webs. This is how they get their food.
Spiders, a unique class of creatures known as arachnids, come in 43,000 varieties and have thrived for nearly 300 million years on every continent except Antarctica.
Spiders, as a rule, have eight eyes.
Spiders, scorpions, and ticks are arachnids.
Spielberg's new film, as expected, picked up numerous awards at the Oscars.
Spies make it their business to know things that you don't want them to know.
Spies make it their business to know things that you don’t want them to know.
Spike was only 27 years old when he died.
Spill it.
Spill the truth now and I'll let you go. I promise.
Spilled juice or drinks should be wiped up promptly to prevent sticky spots.
Spilled salt portends a quarrel.
Spills and crumbs should be cleaned up promptly.
Spills should be cleaned up immediately to prevent slipping.
Spin it.
Spin the pedals to see that they revolve easily.
Spin the wheel around.
Spin the wheel, Tom.
Spinach contains a lot of iron, but not everyone likes its texture.
Spinach is a rich source of iron and calcium.
Spinach is good for you.
Spinach is my kryptonite.
Spindrift from the waves below was reaching the clifftop.
Spinets are similar to harpsichords.
Spinoza is the greatest of modern philosophers, because he is the first philosopher who deals with the soul and the body as one, not as two separate things.
Spinoza saw, and I think with great profundity, that if a falling stone could reason, it would think, "I want to fall at the rate of thirty-two feet per second per second." Free will for us—that is, when we feel desire, when we are conscious of wanting to do what we do—may be even for us an illusion.
Spinoza was a pantheist.
Spirit manifested itself.
Spirit, are you here with us?
Spirit, are you there?
Spirits are to be found all over the world. This school was built upon the site of a shrine and thus there is a particular tendency for them to gather.
Spiritual growth is a personal journey.
Spiritual growth requires openness.
Spiritual growth transforms our worldview.
Spiritual peace brings clarity.
Spiritual peace fosters creativity.
Spirituality begins with self-reflection.
Spirituality brings harmony to chaos.
Spirituality brings us closer to peace.
Spirituality connects us to a higher purpose.
Spirituality connects us to our higher selves.
Spirituality connects us to the universe.
Spirituality guides us through life's storms.
Spirituality helps us find our true path.
Spirituality is often just religion with even less accountability.
Spirituality is the search for truth.
Spirituality isn't in the place of worship, but in every one of us.
Spirituality leads to inner peace.
Spirituality leads to self-discovery.
Spirituality provides clarity in confusion.
Spirituality reveals life's deeper meaning.
Spirituality reveals the unity of all things.
Spirituality teaches us to look inward.
Spirituality teaches us to seek balance.
Spiritualness doesn't always equal weirdness.
Spirulina is blue.
Spirulina is high in protein.
Spit in the air, and it will fall on your nose.
Spit it out now. You're going to swallow it.
Spit it out!
Spit it out, Tom.
Spit it out.
Spit it out. That's horrible.
Spit that out.
Spitting is prohibited.
Spitting on someone is never a good response.
Spitting on streets is a crime in Singapore.
Splendid!
Splinters can be quite painful.
Splinters fly when you chop wood.
Splish-splash is an example of an ideophone.
Spoilers ahead! If you don't mind that then read after highlighting (colour inverting).
Spoilers ahead! If you don’t mind that then read after highlighting (colour inverting).
Spoiling an ending is a heinous crime against humanity.
Spoken French and written French are two different languages.
Spoken Portuguese and written Portuguese are two different languages.
Spoken by a special little snowflake. Though the battle was won the war was not within reach. No joy.
Spoken language is closer to life than written language.
Spoken words fly away, written ones remain.
Sponge absorbs water so it is convenient for shading water-colours and such.
SpongeBob and Patrick are friends.
SpongeBob and Squidward went to visit Patrick Star.
Spongebob and Patrick are friends.
Spongebob immediately reminded David of his childhood.
Sponges are filter-feeders.
Sponges are porous.
Sponges live at the bottom of the sea.
Spontaneous acts of kindness should be celebrated and encouraged in our daily lives.
Spontaneously kissing guys has become a habit of Rima's.
Spooky, scary skeletons send shivers down your spine!
Spoon egg white mixture onto prepared baking sheet; spread out into a 2-inch high by 6-inch wide disc.
Sporadic gunfire was heard in the distance.
Sporadic rebel campaigns continued throughout 2006 and 2007.
Spores from Bacillus pumilus SAFR-032 are proving to have the ability to resist the techniques to clean spacecraft, like ultraviolet radiation and peroxide treatment.
Sport doesn't interest me.
Sport has made him what he is.
Sport in America is very important.
Sport in Spain is dominated by football, basketball, cycling, tennis, five-a-side football, handball and motor sport, with athletics being the most widely practised sport.
Sport is also science.
Sport is an activity involving strength, endurance and skill, in which one person or team competes against another or others for the entertainment of the participants or observers.
Sport is an effective way of cultivating friendship.
Sport is frankly mimic warfare.
Sport is good for the lungs.
Sport is good for your health.
Sport is good from a young age.
Sport is health.
Sport is physical exercise or a game.
Sport keeps us fit.
Sport kills me.
Sport knows no borders.
Sport means health.
Sport plays an important role in her life.
Sport plays an important role in his life.
Sport plays an important role in social life.
Sport strengthens the heart.
Sport transcends borders.
Sport utility vehicles don't have much to do with sports, except that they can lug bikes and other gear off-road through mud and snow.
Sporting events, including soccer games, will be played behind closed doors for the next month.
Sports activities require a slender figure.
Sports always come naturally to him.
Sports are effective to cultivate friendship.
Sports are fun.
Sports are good for your health.
Sports are my hobby.
Sports are stupid.
Sports are supposed to be a distraction from more serious things.
Sports can be dangerous if safety is ignored.
Sports can bring joy, free the mind, and make life more beautiful.
Sports cured him of his inferiority complex.
Sports fans around the world are struggling to find words to describe how they feel about the sudden death of retired U.S. basketball legend Kobe Bryant.
Sports finance analyst Borja Garcia of Britain's Loughborough University said the primary motivation for the new league is money.
Sports help to develop our muscles.
Sports is one of my favorite topics.
Sports keep us in good shape.
Sports know no borders.
Sports make us healthy in mind as well as in body.
Sports mean health.
Sports nurture friendships.
Sports play an important role in social life.
Sportswear is frequently worn as everyday wear by many college students.
Spot the office gossipers and avoid them like the plague.
Spotted dick is a British pudding made with suet and dried fruit.
Spouses are also welcome.
Spray Cookie with the water bottle.
Spread Esperanto!
Spread compost on the garden beds before planting your seedlings.
Spread it everywhere!
Spread it on slices of toast and sprinkle some pine nuts on top.
Spread love with muddy hands.
Spread over 1.8 million hectares, the Uru-eu-wau-wau Indigenous Reserve in Brazil's Rondônia state is home to rainforests, six villages and at least three Indigenous populations. It is also heavily deforested.
Spread positive ideas.
Spread the goods on the pavement so that people can see them.
Spread the guava jam slowly to cover the baguette completely.
Spread the love.
Spread the message of Islam with wisdom.
Spread the news!
Spread the news.
Spread the rug out and let me look at it.
Spread the sand evenly.
Spread the shredded filo with your fingers.
Spread the table, and contention will cease.
Spread the towel on the bed.
Spread the towel on the floor.
Spread the towel on the ground.
Spread the towel on the sand.
Spread the towel on the table.
Spread the word of my great deeds to the rest of the world. It will make them resist less when I conquer them!
Spread the word!
Spread the word.
Spread your arms apart.
Spread your fingers.
Spread your hands wide open!
Spread your hands wide!
Spread your hands!
Spread your legs apart.
Spread your wings and fly away.
Spread your wings and you will see: your destiny will be under your control.
Spreading happiness gives the best joy, and those who ignore it have a lot to learn about life.
Sprightly little goatherds, whose heads are the heads of fauns, and whose half naked and ruddy bodies are often clad in skins, ramble over the precipitous hills with nimble herds able to crop a living from mere stone-piles; and the fauns, Pan-like, pipe to their goats strains Theocritus might have loved.
Spring Festival is also known as Chinese New Year.
Spring ahead, fall behind.
Spring arrived.
Spring begins in March.
Spring break was approaching.
Spring brings mild weather after the cold winter.
Spring brings warm days and beautiful flowers.
Spring brings warm days and flowers that spark joy.
Spring brings warm weather and beautiful flowers.
Spring came late this year.
Spring came on.
Spring came.
Spring comes after winter.
Spring comes between winter and summer.
Spring comes when flowers begin to bloom.
Spring days are not always warm.
Spring days have come again.
Spring fever is not a disease.
Spring fever isn't a disease.
Spring finally arrived.
Spring follows winter.
Spring had came.
Spring has already arrived. Each day is hotter than the last.
Spring has arrived early.
Spring has arrived in Texas and the annual bloom of wildflowers is drawing people out to country lanes, hillsides and pastures to see the famous Texas Bluebonnets and other beautiful natural wonders.
Spring has arrived.
Spring has arrived. It's getting hotter each day.
Spring has begun.
Spring has come again.
Spring has come around.
Spring has come early this year compared with last year.
Spring has come early this year.
Spring has come later this year compared with last year.
Spring has come.
Spring has come. It will little by little become warmer.
Spring has finally arrived!
Spring has finally arrived.
Spring has finally come to this part of Japan.
Spring has not come.
Spring has officially arrived.
Spring has passed and summer is starting.
Spring has passed and summer starts.
Spring has returned.
Spring has returned. The Earth is like a child that knows poems.
Spring has sprung.
Spring in Algeria is a joyous time.
Spring in the north sends gales to sweep the roads.
Spring in the taiga quickly gives way to summer.
Spring is a delightful season.
Spring is a good season.
Spring is a good time to clean up in the garden.
Spring is a nice season.
Spring is a nice time of year.
Spring is a pleasant season.
Spring is a time of rebirth and regeneration.
Spring is a transition season from winter to summer conditions.
Spring is about to arrive.
Spring is almost here, and the crocuses are blooming.
Spring is almost here.
Spring is already here, and many envy the sun here.
Spring is already here.
Spring is an enjoyable season.
Spring is around the corner.
Spring is coming soon.
Spring is coming.
Spring is definitely my favorite season.
Spring is drawing near.
Spring is finally here!
Spring is finally here.
Spring is flower season.
Spring is followed by summer.
Spring is green.
Spring is here at last.
Spring is here.
Spring is here. It is getting warmer every day.
Spring is in the air.
Spring is just around the corner.
Spring is late coming this year.
Spring is late this year.
Spring is my favorite season.
Spring is my favorite time of year.
Spring is my favourite of the four seasons.
Spring is my favourite season.
Spring is on its way.
Spring is on the way!
Spring is one of the four seasons.
Spring is over and summer has come.
Spring is over, and summer has begun.
Spring is over, and summer is beginning.
Spring is over.
Spring is slow in coming this year.
Spring is the best season to visit Boston.
