Eating well and being happy is the ticket to living a long life.
Eating while seated doesn't please him.
Eating while standing pleases him.
Eating with friends is more fun than eating alone.
Eating with you is a pleasure.
Eating yeast doesn't help you grow.
Eating yogurt with a fork is somewhat difficult.
Eavesdropping isn't considered good manners.
Ebola got its name from the first documented outbreak, which occurred along the Ebola River in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, formerly Zaire, in 1976. Since then, there have been two dozen outbreaks of Ebola in Africa, including a current one that has infected nine people in the DRC. Three people have died.
Ebola is one of the most virulent viruses known to man.
Ebola kills an estimated 30 percent of Lowland Gorillas, one reason the species is on the endangered list.
Ebola seems to be spreading at an exponential rate, which is very worrying to say the least.
Ebola spreads from person to person through bodily fluids.
Eccles and Bluebottle were the funniest characters on The Goon Show radio program.
Ecco is a Danish shoe manufacturer.
Echetla is a Sicilian city.
Echo fell asleep next to his mother dreaming of the bat cave.
Echo had nothing to do with the coronavirus.
Echo was brought up by the Nymphs, and the Muses taught her to play upon the pipe, the flute, the lyre, and the harp, in fact, to excel in every kind of music.
Echo was getting tired and hungry. It takes a lot of energy for a bat to fly.
Echo was the daughter of one of these Nymphs: as her mother was beautiful so was she, but as her father was a mortal, she was the same.
Echo was very happy that his mother had returned.
Echuk is looking for a job.
Ecocide is not a form of treasure but a godawful disgrace.
Ecological destruction and unsustainable consumption have entered humanity into an "era of pandemics," according to a new report.
Ecologists say the environmental damage is alarming. Overlogging and failure to replant cause widespread soil erosion and loss of wildlife habitat.
Ecology is the study of living things all around us.
Ecology is very important to keep our world safe.
Economic adaptation is challenging.
Economic conditions are in a state of flux.
Economic conditions point to further inflation.
Economic development has brought other social problems.
Economic development is important for Africa.
Economic development proceeded slowly.
Economic diversification can reduce poverty.
Economic diversification can reduce unemployment.
Economic diversification means more jobs.
Economic diversification will propel Algeria into the post-oil era.
Economic experts warn that lockdowns could devastate the country’s economy, which is already inhibited by international sanctions.
Economic freedom improves quality of life.
Economic globalization has outstripped political globalization.
Economic growth declined annually from just under 5% in 2012 to -10.4% in 2016.
Economic growth driven by exports is never without risk.
Economic growth is expected to remain constant or improve slightly in the next few years.
Economic growth must not be pursued at the expense of environmental pollution.
Economic liberalization at home has brought in new foreign investors even without trade deals. Direct investment rose nine percent last year to $15.8 billion, as Vietnamese media project more growth this year. Foreign firms, including Intel and Samsung Electronics, have sited Vietnam for its cheap labor and land.
Economic miracles started happening all over China.
Economic mismanagement is prevalent.
Economic or military power, in this case, is less important than glory in sports.
Economic reform in Algeria should be accompanied by social and political change.
Economic sanctions generally only work with weak countries, not powerful ones or ones with powerful allies.
Economic stability might bring political stability in Algeria.
Economic, diplomatic, and travel sanctions can deter nations from committing war crimes.
Economics doesn't exist in isolation.
Economics is 50 percent psychology.
Economics is a social science.
Economics is a very broad discipline.
Economics is not an exact science.
Economics is not an isolated study.
Economics is the study of economic mechanisms.
Economics play a large rôle in human affairs. Sometimes, money controls people's behaviour. An interesting speculative fiction movie is THX 1138. It is about the future in which credit flow and balances are carefully checked by a centralized computer. Everybody has a shaven head. Most wear white. The religion seems like a Buddhist-Catholic hybrid. The city is hygienic white and is subterranean. The huge city is like a clean hospital and a shopping mall. George Lucas, the filmmaker of THX 1138, also later made the more famous Star Wars. He has proclaimed his religion as Buddhist Methodist, according to Wikipedia.
Economies go in cycles.
Economist Woo Seok-jin said disease outbreaks usually just affect demand -- that is, people buy fewer things. But in the case of the coronavirus, it is also disrupting the production side, too.
Economist Woo Seok-jin says not only are small businesses taking a hit. So are large ones.
Economists and policymakers in the U.S. were stunned Friday morning when the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that the U.S. economy, thought to be expanding at a rapid pace, added only 266,000 jobs in April.
Economists are predicting that more than a million U.S. workers could lose their jobs by the end of March.
Economists have predicted five of the last three recessions.
Economists like predicting the economy.
Economists predict that around the year 2060, the so-called "Western world", composed of Europe and North America, will lose their dominant position in the global economy.
Economists say the impact of a fourth wave of the coronavirus on household budgets is going to be significant.
Economists warn that the economy has to grow by five percent every year in order to keep up with the professional population.
Economists warn that the more the virus spreads, the greater the economic impact will be and the longer it may take to recover.
Economy and quality are not opposites, but rather two sides of the same coin.
Economy cars can save you money.
Economy cars save you money.
Ecosystems and the benefits they provide to society are being affected by climate change.
Ecosystems are degrading rapidly all around the Earth.
Ecotourism is more and more popular.
Ecstasy is a stimulant type of drug.
Ecstasy is the upper system's drug.
Ectoplasma!
Ecuador is a country situated in the northwest part of South America.
Ecuador's economy fell into recession in 2015 and remained in recession in 2016.
Ecuador, due to the earthquake, is more united.
Eczema is not an infectious disease.
Ed D. was a strange boy in elementary school. He liked talking about girls who liked to kiss him.
Ed submitted an application to the Suffolk Coastal District Council, but neighbors worry about the planned structure's impact on the crested newt population.
Ed took care of his plants, and gave them too much water.
Edamame tastes best when freshly picked.
Eddie Cohen hates Algeria.
Eddie Davis stands beside the gravestone of his son Jeremy, furthest left, who died from the abuse of opioids at the age of 35, July 17, 2019, in Coalton, Ohio.
Eddy has a lot of influence on her. She does everything he says.
Eder scored the winning goal.
Edgar Degas was luckier than many painters.
Edgar cooked a stew with bitter melon.
Edgar de Wahl is the creator of Interlingue.
Edgar mixed the chopped bitter melon into the stew.
Edible means good to eat, and wholesome to digest, as a worm to a toad, a toad to a snake, a snake to a pig, a pig to a man, and a man to a worm.
Edinburgh already offers a busy and traditional city experience, with many historic buildings and tourist attractions.
Edinburgh is my favourite place in the world.
Edinburgh is the capital of Scotland.
Edinburgh is twinned with Kyiv.
Edinburgh's Waterfront is just one of the many projects that are regenerating UK towns and cities.
Edinburgh, we meet again!
Edinburgh’s Waterfront is just one of the many projects that are regenerating UK towns and cities.
Edison invented a device for duplication.
Edison invented many useful things.
Edison invented the electric lamp.
Edison invented the light bulb.
Edison invented the lightbulb.
Edison invented then light bulb.
Edison was an ingenious person.
Edison was an inventive genius of the United States.
Edison was not a bright student.
Edison was not a brilliant student.
Edison's talking doll was a dismal failure.
Edit your work better before you submit it, it's sloppy.
Edit your work better before you submit it, it’s sloppy.
Edith Baxter was within thirty yards of the stables, when a man appeared out of the darkness and called to her to stop.
Edith Piaf was a French singer.
Edith Warthon was the first woman to win the Pulitzer Prize for Literature, in 1921.
Editing letter is becoming a lost art.
Editors often go to extremes in providing their readers with unimportant facts.
Editors would expect them to be typewritten.
Edmund warned Melissa about that possibility.
Edmundo abducted Rima’s children.
Edmundo accepted Melissa's request.
Edmundo accepted Rima’s apology.
Edmundo accepted the job.
Edmundo accidentally shot Rima.
Edmundo accidentally shot himself in the head.
Edmundo accompanied Rima to Algeria.
Edmundo acted so stupidly.
Edmundo advised Rima to get some rest.
Edmundo agreed to go.
Edmundo aimed his firearm at Rima.
Edmundo aimed the gun at Rima.
Edmundo allowed three alien specimens to escape.
Edmundo alluded that he liked Rima.
Edmundo and Melissa broke up not long into the relationship.
Edmundo and Melissa exchanged messages for a few days.
Edmundo and Melissa talked on Snapchat every day.
Edmundo and Melissa were in the back seat, messing around.
Edmundo and Rima both felt a connection.
Edmundo and Rima kissed before splitting up.
Edmundo and Rima left without the rest of the group.
Edmundo and Rima made out in the basement.
Edmundo and Rima met at the border of the city.
Edmundo and Rima met at the train station.
Edmundo and Rima stopped seeing each other.
Edmundo and Rima talked for a while.
Edmundo and Rima tried to kill each other.
Edmundo and Rima were discussing how to study those ants.
Edmundo and Rima were sitting and talking at a restaurant.
Edmundo and Rima were talking to each other in the woods.
Edmundo and Rima were together.
Edmundo and Walid had sleepovers together.
Edmundo and Walid mainly talked about sports.
Edmundo and Walid took turns punching each other.
Edmundo and his fiancee were at a restaurant.
Edmundo and his men shot the zombies.
Edmundo announced a party.
Edmundo answered that Rima was in the cage.
Edmundo answered the door.
Edmundo apologized for his betrayal.
Edmundo apologized to Rima for giving her a hard time.
Edmundo apologized to Rima for his behavior.
Edmundo appeared and aimed a gun at Rima.
Edmundo appeared in a kitchen somewhere in Algiers.
Edmundo appreciated the gesture.
Edmundo argued with the waiter for a while.
Edmundo arrived at a small farmhouse.
Edmundo arrived at a strange planet.
Edmundo arrived at the hospital.
Edmundo arrived at the restaurant.
Edmundo arrived in the elevator.
Edmundo arrived in the facility.
Edmundo arrived on horseback.
Edmundo arrived to help Rima deal with the kids.
Edmundo arrived to rescue Rima.
Edmundo asked Rima if she remembered him.
Edmundo asked Rima to be his companion.
Edmundo asked Rima to come to his office.
Edmundo asked Rima to fetch some water.
Edmundo asked Rima to give him four minutes before pushing the button and detonating the building.
Edmundo asked Rima to help him.
Edmundo asked Rima to show him her phone.
Edmundo asked Rima to take a gun out of the glovebox.
Edmundo asked Rima to take him back to his ship.
Edmundo asked Rima to take him home.
Edmundo asked Rima whose side she was really on.
Edmundo asked Walid to be his heir.
Edmundo asked about the ants.
Edmundo asked for Rima’s help.
Edmundo asked if he could have it.
Edmundo asked if he could talk to Rima.
Edmundo asked when the crops would be harvested.
Edmundo asked where Rima was.
Edmundo asked why Rima was on our side.
Edmundo assured Rima he wasn’t a bad person.
Edmundo attacked a child.
Edmundo attacked the guard.
Edmundo attacked the king.
Edmundo attacked the team.
Edmundo attempted to assault Rima.
Edmundo attempted to attack Rima.
Edmundo attempted to break into Melissa's mansion.
Edmundo attempted to kill Rima.
Edmundo attempted to reprogram the robot.
Edmundo attracted the vampires.
Edmundo avoided Rima.
Edmundo avoided big cities.
Edmundo awakened.
Edmundo banged on the door a couple of times.
Edmundo battled his way to the door.
Edmundo became a high school senior.
Edmundo became a superhero.
Edmundo became a vampire.
Edmundo became swollen after the bite.
Edmundo became younger.
Edmundo began beating Rima.
Edmundo began shooting Rima.
Edmundo began to wash his hands.
Edmundo begged Rima to bring Walid with her.
Edmundo begged Rima to end his life.
Edmundo begged Rima to save Walid.
Edmundo begged Rima to stop.
Edmundo berated Rima for being late.
Edmundo blocked Melissa across all social media platforms.
Edmundo blocked Rima’s path.
Edmundo blocked Rima’s way.
Edmundo blocked the air ducts.
Edmundo boarded a helicopter.
Edmundo bought some junk food.
Edmundo broke Rima’s arm.
Edmundo broke into a clinic to treat his wounds.
Edmundo brought Rima back to his town.
Edmundo brought Rima back to reality.
Edmundo brutally killed Rima.
Edmundo burnt Rima alive.
Edmundo called Melissa a liar.
Edmundo came later in the week.
Edmundo came out and greeted Rima.
Edmundo came out from behind a large box.
Edmundo came out of the bushes and started hitting Melissa's car.
Edmundo came out of the storage room.
Edmundo came to babysit his granddaughter, Melissa.
Edmundo came to, spitting seawater out.
Edmundo can help Rima find her father.
Edmundo can see other worlds.
Edmundo can take the rest of the day off.
Edmundo can use Rima’s blood to make a vaccine.
Edmundo can’t be held against his will.
Edmundo can’t kill Rima.
Edmundo can’t stay.
Edmundo captured Rima.
Edmundo carried the heavy TV to his vehicle.
Edmundo castigated Rima for killing vampires.
Edmundo caused a major quake.
Edmundo changed his mind and agreed to do that.
Edmundo chatted with Rima as a distraction.
Edmundo checked on it.
Edmundo checked on the corpse.
Edmundo claimed Walid’s title.
Edmundo cleans houses.
Edmundo confirmed Rima’s identity.
Edmundo confirmed that.
Edmundo congratulated Rima for her successful harvest.
Edmundo considers Walid the best soldier he has ever met.
Edmundo contacted Rima.
Edmundo continued his journey on foot.
Edmundo continued his journey, too.
Edmundo continued searching for Rima.
Edmundo continued to destroy things in the office.
Edmundo converted Rima into a strange liquid.
Edmundo corrupted the robot’s system.
Edmundo could see what was happening in the village.
Edmundo could still hear the loud banging.
Edmundo couldn't hear the announcement because the audio wasn't that great.
Edmundo crashed against the car.
Edmundo crushed Rima to death with his super strength.
Edmundo danced till he dropped to the floor.
Edmundo dared Rima to shoot him.
Edmundo decapitated Rima.
Edmundo decapitated the woman.
Edmundo decided not to answer the door.
Edmundo decided to go outside.
Edmundo decided to ignore Melissa for the rest of the school year.
Edmundo decided to leave the bunker once and for all.
Edmundo decided to leave.
Edmundo decided to take Rima to the village.
Edmundo decided to try out his superpowers and destroyed a building.
Edmundo decided to use Facebook Marketplace to try to sell his minivan.
Edmundo declared that the planet will be under his ownership.
Edmundo dedicated his life to finishing what his mother began.
Edmundo demanded to be released.
Edmundo destests this job.
Edmundo destroyed Rima’s base.
Edmundo destroyed the android.
Edmundo destroyed the tower.
Edmundo detonated the explosive.
Edmundo did the same.
Edmundo didn't allow Melissa to have a cellphone.
Edmundo didn't even know Melissa's last name.
Edmundo didn't get any customers during the last half hour.
Edmundo didn't go to that particular Burger King again.
Edmundo didn't have a mask on.
Edmundo didn't have any interest in talking to Melissa.
Edmundo didn't have to pay for a gym membership.
Edmundo didn't hear of Melissa for about a week.
Edmundo didn't know what Melissa's plans or intentions were.
Edmundo didn't know what the reason for the lockdown was exactly.
Edmundo didn't know who that guy was.
Edmundo didn't make a sound.
Edmundo didn't need the fridge anymore.
Edmundo didn’t care at all.
Edmundo didn’t know where his mother was buried.
Edmundo didn’t like the thought of it.
Edmundo didn’t seem very concerned.
Edmundo didn’t use his ability.
Edmundo disabled the robot.
Edmundo disclosed that he was in the Marines.
Edmundo dodged the attack.
Edmundo doesn't need to worry about vampires.
Edmundo doesn’t care at all.
Edmundo doesn’t know why he did it.
Edmundo doesn’t need Rima’s picture anymore.
Edmundo doesn’t reciprocate Rima’s feelings.
Edmundo doesn’t want Rima to know about his involvement.
Edmundo drank poison.
Edmundo dropped Rima on the floor.
Edmundo dropped to the floor.
Edmundo dropped unconscious on the bed.
Edmundo drove an old Honda.
Edmundo drove back to the parking lot.
Edmundo drove on the freeway for about ten minutes.
Edmundo drove straight towards Rima.
Edmundo drove the stake further into the vampire’s chest.
Edmundo drove to and from work every day.
Edmundo drove to the cemetery.
Edmundo drove to the next town.
Edmundo drove towards the border.
Edmundo easily defeated Rima.
Edmundo embraced Rima warmly.
Edmundo empaled the vampire.
Edmundo ended up in an unknown part of the city.
Edmundo entered Rima’s home.
Edmundo entered the demon realm through the gate.
Edmundo entered the garage.
Edmundo entered the helicopter.
Edmundo entered the house.
Edmundo entered the plane.
Edmundo entered the portal.
Edmundo entered through the gate.
Edmundo established contact with the base.
Edmundo even started calling.
Edmundo eventually got cornered and surrounded.
Edmundo eventually got inside.
Edmundo eventually reached Rima’s location.
Edmundo examined the dog.
Edmundo exited the tunnel, too.
Edmundo fell into the elevator shaft.
Edmundo fell into the hall.
Edmundo fell to the ground.
Edmundo felt pain.
Edmundo felt sorry for Rima.
Edmundo finally killed the vampire.
Edmundo finally met Rima.
Edmundo finally saw a security guard and ran to him.
Edmundo finished locking the door.
Edmundo fired at the monster.
Edmundo fled on horseback.
Edmundo flew after Rima.
Edmundo forced Rima to launch the rocket.
Edmundo found Rima having sex with Walid.
Edmundo found Rima in the kitchen.
Edmundo found Rima inside a bunker.
Edmundo found Rima’s address.
Edmundo found Rima’s car locked.
Edmundo found Rima’s scalp on the ground.
Edmundo found a cure.
Edmundo found a decaying corpse.
Edmundo found a new purpose for his life.
Edmundo found a pantry full of food.
Edmundo found a phone.
Edmundo found a piece of wood that had Rima’s blood on it.
Edmundo found a safe island in the ocean.
Edmundo found a white truck parked at the end of Melissa's driveway.
Edmundo found an empty medicine bottle.
Edmundo found his engagement ring.
Edmundo found his father dead.
Edmundo found his mother dead.
Edmundo found out Rima’s location.
Edmundo found out that his mother was already dead.
Edmundo found the correlation between the signal and what the aliens were doing.
Edmundo found the cure.
Edmundo found the house in shambles.
Edmundo found where Rima was hiding.
Edmundo freed Rima.
Edmundo gathered information about the town.
Edmundo gave Melissa his new address.
Edmundo gave Rima Walid’s phone number.
Edmundo gave Rima a gallon of water.
Edmundo gave Rima hope of reaching the border.
Edmundo gave a speech to the public.
Edmundo gave his blood willingly to the hungry vampire.
Edmundo got Rima a new pair of glasses.
Edmundo got a ride home.
Edmundo got a text message back from Rima.
Edmundo got back to his bike.
Edmundo got expelled from our school for this incident.
Edmundo got his sneakers out of his locker.
Edmundo got hit by a car.
Edmundo got in the truck and automatically went to the minimart.
Edmundo got in trouble for being out in the hallways.
Edmundo got inside the elevator.
Edmundo got knocked down.
Edmundo got lost in a maze of lockers.
Edmundo got off the train.
Edmundo got on the train.
Edmundo got stuck.
Edmundo got the access code.
Edmundo got the cop’s attention.
Edmundo got to his vehicle and entered it.
Edmundo got to the end of the hallway.
Edmundo got to the main level of the school.
Edmundo got to the neighborhood.
Edmundo grabbed Rima by the neck and pushed her away.
Edmundo grabbed Rima by the throat.
Edmundo grabbed Rima from behind.
Edmundo grabbed Rima’s hand.
Edmundo grabbed his weapon and held Rima at gunpoint.
Edmundo grabbed the cable.
Edmundo had Rima executed.
Edmundo had a bad feeling about that.
Edmundo had a cousin on the police force.
Edmundo had a good relationship with one of his coaches.
Edmundo had a hard time closing his eyes.
Edmundo had a nose ring.
Edmundo had a stupid plan.
Edmundo had a wooden leg.
Edmundo had an evil smile on his face.
Edmundo had an online girlfriend.
Edmundo had another Facebook account.
Edmundo had dark hair.
Edmundo had green eyes and auburn hair.
Edmundo had his headphones in.
Edmundo had no clue what it meant.
Edmundo had no clue what was going on there.
Edmundo had no idea what was going on.
Edmundo had no other choice but to call the police.
Edmundo had no signal in there.
Edmundo had some problems.
Edmundo had some time to do some homework.
Edmundo had sunglasses on.
Edmundo had to block Melissa's number.
Edmundo had to go to the restroom.
Edmundo had waterproof shoes.
Edmundo handed Rima a gun.
Edmundo has a mathematical background.
Edmundo has always loved athletics.
Edmundo has always wanted a telescope.
Edmundo has an electric vehicle.
Edmundo has been battling with vampire.
Edmundo has been living alone since his mom died.
Edmundo has been sending messages to Rima.
Edmundo has escaped.
Edmundo has finally found a safe place.
Edmundo has no choice but to surrender.
Edmundo has superpowers.
Edmundo has things to do.
Edmundo has to go to a psychiatrist.
Edmundo hasn’t come here since the first rain.
Edmundo hated his life.
Edmundo headed outside.
Edmundo headed to the hospital’s garage.
Edmundo heard Rima’s voice.
Edmundo heard a knocking on the door.
Edmundo heard a loud crash.
Edmundo heard a noise coming from the back window.
Edmundo heard a noise outside his window.
Edmundo heard a vampire approaching the cabin.
Edmundo heard an infant crying.
Edmundo heard footsteps coming his way.
Edmundo heard heavy breathing come from inside the closet.
Edmundo heard one of the men speak in Berber.
Edmundo heard several rumors about what the lockdown was for.
Edmundo heard someone walking closer to his direction.
Edmundo heard through the school intercom that we were going under a lockdown.
Edmundo heard voices in the hallway.
Edmundo held the door open for Rima.
Edmundo helped Rima cope with the situation.
Edmundo helped Rima recover quickly.
Edmundo helped himself to a seat.
Edmundo hid behind some large object.
Edmundo hid in the back corner of the bathroom.
Edmundo hid under a little pile of clothes.
Edmundo hid underneath a desk.
Edmundo hit Rima out of the building.
Edmundo hopped out of the ship.
Edmundo identified the DNA as Rima’s.
Edmundo ignored Melissa for hours, giving her the silent treatment.
Edmundo immediately exited for the freeway.
Edmundo immediately ran to the station.
Edmundo immediately took Rima out.
Edmundo infected his friends.
Edmundo infiltrated the system and took control of it.
Edmundo injected Rima with a blue syringe.
Edmundo inspected the corpse.
Edmundo instructed Rima to find Walid’s lab.
Edmundo intends to marry Rima.
Edmundo invited Melissa over.
Edmundo invited Rima to try his barbecue but she refused.
Edmundo invited Walid over for poker.
Edmundo invoked the law.
Edmundo is a domestic security chief.
Edmundo is a hunter.
Edmundo is a local mechanic.
Edmundo is a spy for the king.
Edmundo is also known as the "King."
Edmundo is always quick to react.
Edmundo is an Algerian researcher.
Edmundo is an experienced entomologist.
Edmundo is currently a high school chemistry teacher.
Edmundo is going to give Melissa a percentage if she helps him sell his truck.
Edmundo is in a military group.
Edmundo is invisible.
Edmundo is married and having a baby.
Edmundo is no longer the same person.
Edmundo is now a successful scientist.
Edmundo is on another planet.
Edmundo is part of that cult.
Edmundo is ready for a fight.
Edmundo is stealing the chemical.
Edmundo is still helping Rima.
Edmundo is still very weak.
Edmundo is the trainer.
Edmundo is trying to think where the bomb may be hidden.
Edmundo is using the demons for his own purposes.
Edmundo is vowing to avenge his parents.
Edmundo is waiting for Melissa at the mall.
Edmundo is waiting for Melissa downstairs.
Edmundo is working on Si Moh Ou M'hand's poems.
Edmundo isn't coming down for dinner.
Edmundo isn’t alone in the universe.
Edmundo isolated the dog.
Edmundo joined a group of survivors.
Edmundo joined forces with a group of mercenaries.
Edmundo jumped back to get out of sight.
Edmundo jumped onto Rima’s truck.
Edmundo jumped out of his chair.
Edmundo jumped out the window, followed by his sister.
Edmundo just left the store.
Edmundo just wanted attention.
Edmundo kept a knife under his pillow for self-protection.
Edmundo kept pounding on the wall.
Edmundo kicked Rima across the room.
Edmundo kicked Rima out of the room.
Edmundo kidnapped Rima’s family.
Edmundo killed Rima in Algeria by accident.
Edmundo killed Rima mercilessly.
Edmundo killed Rima’s husband immediately.
Edmundo killed a man to steal his clothes.
Edmundo killed all the ants.
Edmundo killed the ants.
Edmundo killed the creature.
Edmundo killed the detective.
Edmundo killed the guards.
Edmundo killed the vampire with a stake.
Edmundo killed the villagers.
Edmundo kissed Melissa by her car.
Edmundo kissed Rima on the lips.
Edmundo knew that Rima was on Mars.
Edmundo knew where Melissa went to school.
Edmundo knocked down the pillars.
Edmundo knocked on the front door.
Edmundo knows Rima from junior high.
Edmundo knows Rima intimately.
Edmundo knows he will never see Rima again.
Edmundo knows how to fly a plane.
Edmundo knows where to look for Rima.
Edmundo learned how to destroy those robots.
Edmundo left Rima stuck outside.
Edmundo left Rima there alone with her hands tied.
Edmundo left for Earth.
Edmundo left the club early.
Edmundo left the store to go back to his truck.
Edmundo left the vehicle.
Edmundo left to look for Rima with Walid.
Edmundo let Rima use his portal to go to the demon realm.
Edmundo likes superhero films.
Edmundo listed the names.
Edmundo lived a miserable life.
Edmundo lives off the grid.
Edmundo lives on a barren planet.
Edmundo located Rima.
Edmundo locked Rima inside the room.
Edmundo locked himself inside the bathroom.
Edmundo looked at the front desk and nobody was there.
Edmundo looked back over his shoulder.
Edmundo looked directly at Rima.
Edmundo looked in his mirror and saw Melissa's truck.
Edmundo looked outside the window.
Edmundo looked to be about Melissa's age.
Edmundo looked to be about forty years old.
Edmundo made Rima another advance.
Edmundo made a mad dash to the door.
Edmundo made advances towards one of his female students.
Edmundo made an antidote.
Edmundo made an excuse to go to the bathroom.
Edmundo made his way to the truck.
Edmundo made several threats against the school.
Edmundo managed to dodge the arrow.
Edmundo managed to fly the chopper.
Edmundo managed to get aboard.
Edmundo managed to grab a weapon from Rima’s office.
Edmundo managed to hijack a spaceship.
Edmundo managed to hit Rima several times before dying.
Edmundo managed to shoot Rima.
Edmundo managed to stab Rima.
Edmundo messaged Melissa on Facebook out of the blue, asking for money.
Edmundo messed the job up for Melissa.
Edmundo met a girl at the bar.
Edmundo met the other girl.
Edmundo might disagree with Rima.
Edmundo missed a math test.
Edmundo missed the vampire’s heart.
Edmundo must be protected as well.
Edmundo needed the money.
Edmundo needs some help around the house.
Edmundo needs the chemicals to make a vaccine.
Edmundo needs to face the fact that Melissa is growing up.
Edmundo needs to go with Rima.
Edmundo needs to trust his gut.
Edmundo never got another message from Melissa after that.
Edmundo never had a chance to stop Rima.
Edmundo never made his number public on Facebook.
Edmundo no longer believed in his relationship with Rima.
Edmundo no longer remembers what his mother looks like.
Edmundo offered an exchange of prisoners.
Edmundo officialized his title.
Edmundo opened the back of the truck.
Edmundo opened the door to the command center.
Edmundo ordered Rima to finish the job.
Edmundo ordered Rima to kill Walid.
Edmundo ordered the immediate elimination of Rima.
Edmundo organized a press conference.
Edmundo overheard Rima and Walid’s conversation.
Edmundo overpowered the guards.
Edmundo passed the house every day on his walk to school.
Edmundo planned on kidnapping Rima.
Edmundo planned to kidnap Rima.
Edmundo planned to murder Rima as soon as she was married.
Edmundo played a recording of Rima.
Edmundo pointed a gun at Rima.
Edmundo pointed his gun at Rima.
Edmundo posted something online.
Edmundo poured two bowls of cereal.
Edmundo prepared breakfast for Rima.
Edmundo prepared for the fight.
Edmundo prepared his gun.
Edmundo prepared to go back to his world.
Edmundo prepared to impale the vampire with a stake.
Edmundo prepared to leave.
Edmundo pretended not to notice that homeless guy.
Edmundo prevented Rima from taking his title.
Edmundo proceeded with his plan.
Edmundo pulled out a wad of cash.
Edmundo pulled out of the parking lot.
Edmundo pulled over to answer the call.
Edmundo pushed the button.
Edmundo put on his suit.
Edmundo put the car into drive and began driving.
Edmundo quickly shot everyone.
Edmundo quickly turned around.
Edmundo rained bullets at Rima.
Edmundo rammed Rima against the door.
Edmundo ran as far away of that cabin as he could.
Edmundo ran back to the bunker.
Edmundo ran over to the counter.
Edmundo reached Rima’s car.
Edmundo reached the neighborhood where Rima was born.
Edmundo reached the office.
Edmundo reached the runway.
Edmundo read the evacuation notice.
Edmundo realized it was an evacuation.
Edmundo realized that, too.
Edmundo really hated science and math.
Edmundo really needed a new bicycle.
Edmundo really wanted to tell his dad what was going on.
Edmundo received a call from his brother.
Edmundo received a message on his phone.
Edmundo recognized Melissa's truck immediately.
Edmundo recognized Rima.
Edmundo refused to abdicate.
Edmundo regretted his decision to leave class.
Edmundo released a toxic gas into the general population.
Edmundo remained locked inside the room until his death.
Edmundo remained unharmed.
Edmundo reminded Rima that she was wearing his jacket.
Edmundo removed his gas mask.
Edmundo reprogrammed the vehicle.
Edmundo retrieved the package.
Edmundo returned to Algiers to get his revenge on Melissa.
Edmundo returned to Algiers.
Edmundo returned to the front counter area.
Edmundo returned, only to find Rima was gone.
Edmundo revealed his whereabout.
Edmundo revealed that Rima was a drug dealer.
Edmundo revealed that he was a monster wearing human skin.
Edmundo revealed that there was no cure.
Edmundo rushed to catch the bus home.
Edmundo said he couldn’t go with Rima.
Edmundo said he heard the ants communicate.
Edmundo said he wouldn’t stop until the miscreants are killed.
Edmundo said it was a statue of his mother.
Edmundo said that the termites destroyed his house.
Edmundo said the deal was off.
Edmundo sat all the way across the gym.
Edmundo sat down in the booth.
Edmundo sat down to rest and eat.
Edmundo sat in the closet in pitch black silence for several minutes.
Edmundo sat on the floor in the back of the classroom.
Edmundo sat on the floor with the rest of the prisoners.
Edmundo sat on the toilet and pressed his feet up against the door of the stall.
Edmundo sat right behind Melissa in class.
Edmundo saw Rima call the police.
Edmundo saw Rima carrying Walid’s body away.
Edmundo saw Rima hitching a ride.
Edmundo saw Rima in the kitchen.
Edmundo saw a monster wearing human skin.
Edmundo saw a suspicious man in the school.
Edmundo saw a vampire moving around in the woods.
Edmundo saw an SUV come into the parking lot.
Edmundo saw no one.
Edmundo saw the car and recognized it.
Edmundo saw the house in his dream.
Edmundo saw zombies running towards him.
Edmundo searched the abandoned house for something useful.
Edmundo sent Rima to the building to find the bomb.
Edmundo set the bar high.
Edmundo set up a scientific station in the jungle.
Edmundo shined the flashlight to the back of the room and saw Melissa sitting in a corner.
Edmundo shot Rima before she could reach the car.
Edmundo shot Rima dead to end her misery.
Edmundo shot Rima with a gun.
Edmundo shot Rima with a machine-gun.
Edmundo shot Rima’s wheels.
Edmundo shot Walid’s henchmen.
Edmundo shot a bazooka at Rima’s car.
Edmundo shot a canister.
Edmundo shot a gas canister and missed.
Edmundo shot a worker.
Edmundo shot the attackers.
Edmundo shot the elevator cables.
Edmundo shot the robot until it exploded.
Edmundo shot the soldier.
Edmundo shot the soldiers surrounding him.
Edmundo shot the zombies.
Edmundo should have listened to Rima.
Edmundo shoved Rima into a cage and locked her inside.
Edmundo shoved the grenade into Walid’s mouth.
Edmundo showed Rima a rifle he found in the cabin.
Edmundo showed Rima a satellite photo.
Edmundo showed Rima a small house, telling her that it was his childhood home.
Edmundo showed Rima the blood trail.
Edmundo showed Rima’s corpse to Walid.
Edmundo showed up at the door.
Edmundo sided with evil.
Edmundo skipped class quite a bit.
Edmundo slipped and broke his left wrist.
Edmundo slit Rima’s throat.
Edmundo smashed Rima’s windshield.
Edmundo smashed the car window.
Edmundo soon learned that the girl’s name was Rima.
Edmundo soon reached Mars.
Edmundo soon realized that he should call security.
Edmundo sought out more information.
Edmundo spared Rima’s life.
Edmundo spent fourteen days waiting.
Edmundo spent the night with Rima.
Edmundo spent the rest of the day at home.
Edmundo spilled beer on his clothes.
Edmundo sprayed poison to kill the ants.
Edmundo stabbed the vampire in the chest.
Edmundo stabbed the vampire.
Edmundo stared at Rima intimately.
Edmundo started backing out of his parking space.
Edmundo started dancing.
Edmundo started his treatment.
Edmundo started his truck and sped off into the night.
Edmundo started playing some music on his phone.
Edmundo started send Melissa very disturbing texts.
Edmundo started shooting at Rima.
Edmundo started shooting at Walid’s men.
Edmundo started taking pills for a stomachache.
Edmundo started to have a casual conversation with Melissa.
Edmundo started touching the computer.
Edmundo started walking to his motorcycle.
Edmundo started walking to the classroom.
Edmundo stayed behind to slow the pursuers down.
Edmundo stayed hidden for as long as he could.
Edmundo stayed up late that night playing video games.
Edmundo still can’t find Rima.
Edmundo still doesn’t know what’s waiting for him there.
Edmundo still had Melissa's keys.
Edmundo stole a fire truck.
Edmundo stood at the front desk, waiting for the librarian to come back.
Edmundo stopped and faced the vampires to buy Rima some time to escape.
Edmundo stopped at a gas station to refuel.
Edmundo stopped by a barbecue restaurant.
Edmundo stopped his treatment.
Edmundo stopped the car’s engine.
Edmundo stopped thinking about his family.
Edmundo struggled to take control of the wheel.
Edmundo studied ants.
Edmundo suddenly arrived and started shooting at them.
Edmundo suddenly emerged and caught Rima.
Edmundo sued Rima.
Edmundo surprised his parents.
Edmundo surrendered his weapons at the border.
Edmundo survived the crash.
Edmundo suspected a setup.
Edmundo swerved off, causing the truck to roll.
Edmundo tasered Rima.
Edmundo tasered the other man.
Edmundo thought he could outrun Melissa if he made a run for it.
Edmundo thought of Walid as a nerd.
Edmundo thought that things would be left at that.
Edmundo threatened to call the police.
Edmundo threatened to raise the rent.
Edmundo threatened to shoot Rima.
Edmundo threw Rima against the wall.
Edmundo threw Rima away.
Edmundo threw Rima off the vehicle.
Edmundo threw Rima off.
Edmundo threw a cocktail bomb at the vehicle.
Edmundo threw a dumpster at Hulk.
Edmundo threw a knife at the vampire.
Edmundo threw an anniversary party.
Edmundo tied Rima to a tree.
Edmundo told Melissa the bus he was on.
Edmundo told Rima about Walid’s plan.
Edmundo told Rima he was quitting.
Edmundo told Rima not to approach that dog.
Edmundo told Rima that she was hysterical.
Edmundo told Rima to kill another man.
Edmundo told Rima to run outside.
Edmundo told Rima to talk to the bouncer.
Edmundo told Rima who he was.
Edmundo told Rima, too.
Edmundo told someone to call his wife.
Edmundo told the king.
Edmundo took Rima out of the car.
Edmundo took Rima to Mars.
Edmundo took Rima to a medieval castle.
Edmundo took Rima to a room.
Edmundo took Rima to a safe location.
Edmundo took Rima to another room.
Edmundo took Rima to his room.
Edmundo took Rima to meet with Walid.
Edmundo took Rima to the station.
Edmundo took Rima with him.
Edmundo took a bath in the liquid.
Edmundo took another step closer.
Edmundo took his daughter.
Edmundo took his ship and headed towards Mars.
Edmundo took out a red envelope.
Edmundo took samples to the lab.
Edmundo took shelter in a dilapidated bus.
Edmundo touched the poison and died shortly.
Edmundo traced Rima’s location through the phone signal.
Edmundo tracked down Rima.
Edmundo traveled for a while.
Edmundo tried his best to explain the situation.
Edmundo tried out his superpower.
Edmundo tried to avoid the deer.
Edmundo tried to blow his own head off.
Edmundo tried to brush the ants off.
Edmundo tried to compromise with his new way of life.
Edmundo tried to cross the line.
Edmundo tried to go back into the locker room without the janitor noticing him.
Edmundo tried to grab Rima.
Edmundo tried to hitch a ride.
Edmundo tried to isolate himself into his room.
Edmundo tried to prevent Rima from becoming a vampire.
Edmundo tried to run away.
Edmundo tried to shoot Rima but she grabbed the gun.
Edmundo tried to stab Rima.
Edmundo tried to take a picture.
Edmundo tried to walk away.
Edmundo tripped, too.
Edmundo turned into a werewolf and attacked Rima.
Edmundo turned invisible before he entered the police station.
Edmundo turned onto a road that had a sign that said "Dead End."
Edmundo urged Rima to go with Walid to Algiers.
Edmundo urged Rima to leave.
Edmundo urged Rima to save Walid.
Edmundo used Rima’s access code to open the door.
Edmundo used Rima’s truck.
Edmundo used another phone to call Rima.
Edmundo used his magic on Rima.
Edmundo used his magic to wake Rima.
Edmundo used his powers to keep the gate open.
Edmundo used the app called Snapchat to communicate with Melissa.
Edmundo used the wire to uncuff himself.
Edmundo uses a computer daily.
Edmundo uses the path as a shortcut to the mountains.
Edmundo uttered each word with hesitation.
Edmundo visited the bunker years ago.
Edmundo vowed to avenge Rima.
Edmundo vowed to avenge Rima’s death.
Edmundo waited in that classroom until the lockdown was lifted.
Edmundo walked down the hall to his locker.
Edmundo walked into the bedroom.
Edmundo walked into the office.
Edmundo walked out quietly.
Edmundo walked outside.
Edmundo walked through Melissa's yard.
Edmundo walked towards the house.
Edmundo walked towards the staircase that led to the exit.
Edmundo wandered around Algiers.
Edmundo wanted the phone.
Edmundo wanted to be with the rest of the group.
Edmundo wanted to become a comedian.
Edmundo wanted to celebrate his restaurant’s 40th anniversary.
Edmundo wanted to collect information about the virus as soon as possible.
Edmundo wanted to finish off Rima.
Edmundo wanted to leave Rima behind.
Edmundo wanted to meet Melissa during fifth hour.
Edmundo wanted to prevent Rima from turning into a vampire.
Edmundo wanted to rule the world.
Edmundo wanted to see if the TV was broken.
Edmundo wanted to stay in the gang.
Edmundo wanted to take Rima’s side.
Edmundo wants his ad on Craigslist to be perfect.
Edmundo wants to ensure Rima’s survival.
Edmundo wants to fight the miscreants.
Edmundo wants to get Rima reinstated.
Edmundo wants to get straight to business.
Edmundo warned Rima about her husband’s affair.
Edmundo was a homeless person.
Edmundo was a junior at the time.
Edmundo was a little uncomfortable with his body.
Edmundo was a pretty average student.
Edmundo was a pretty easy-going person.
Edmundo was a pretty quiet kid.
Edmundo was a real creep.
Edmundo was a senior in high school.
Edmundo was a typical teenager.
Edmundo was abducted by the monsters.
Edmundo was able to leave the room before the dog caught up to him.
Edmundo was an Algerian biochemical engineer.
Edmundo was approaching.
Edmundo was assessing the situation.
Edmundo was at a police station.
Edmundo was attacked by a group of thugs.
Edmundo was attacked by a thug.
Edmundo was attacked by muggers.
Edmundo was badly injured.
Edmundo was beaten up by a furious soldier.
Edmundo was behind the counter.
Edmundo was bitten by an ant.
Edmundo was blocked by Melissa on Twitter.
Edmundo was carefully avoiding physical contact to avoid infection.
Edmundo was caught kissing Melissa by his boss.
Edmundo was chasing after Rima.
Edmundo was coming upstairs from the basement.
Edmundo was covered in sores and lesions.
Edmundo was cremated in Canada.
Edmundo was definitely on edge.
Edmundo was deformed.
Edmundo was destined to lead the surviving humans to victory.
Edmundo was detained on the ship.
Edmundo was doing some science experiment.
Edmundo was dreaming about a different world.
Edmundo was driving a Lamborghini.
Edmundo was driving a forklift in a container yard.
Edmundo was eating a bag of potato chips.
Edmundo was eating plain spaghetti.
Edmundo was excited to go to the soccer game.
Edmundo was fired from Walmart.
Edmundo was found about a mile away from the school and got immediately arrested.
Edmundo was found, still hiding in the garage.
Edmundo was frightened.
Edmundo was frozen with fear as he made eye contact with the intruder.
Edmundo was glad all of his employees were OK.
Edmundo was going to get the flu anyways.
Edmundo was going to jail for attempted murder.
Edmundo was going to sell Melissa a sofa.
Edmundo was going to the bathroom.
Edmundo was gunned down by a robot.
Edmundo was hanging on the door.
Edmundo was happy to see the sky and the trees.
Edmundo was held up at work.
Edmundo was hiding in the bush.
Edmundo was holding a shotgun.
Edmundo was hypnotized by Rima.
Edmundo was in Melissa's friend group.
Edmundo was in Melissa's grade.
Edmundo was in an armored personnel carrier.
Edmundo was in better shape.
Edmundo was in disbelief.
Edmundo was in southern Algeria.
Edmundo was in the pub.
Edmundo was infected.
Edmundo was injected a needle into his face.
Edmundo was inside the coffin.
Edmundo was inside the house.
Edmundo was inside the isolation unit.
Edmundo was just watching Melissa's house.
Edmundo was killed in Rima’s dream.
Edmundo was left to die.
Edmundo was left with no option but to surrender.
Edmundo was looking for something to eat.
Edmundo was looking into the woods.
Edmundo was mutilating Rima’s corpse.
Edmundo was not affected by the virus.
Edmundo was not going to take any chances.
Edmundo was not happy about that.
Edmundo was on his way out of the hospital.
Edmundo was on his way to the village.
Edmundo was on the news the next day.
Edmundo was on the run from the police.
Edmundo was on the ship.
Edmundo was one step ahead.
Edmundo was only like forty feet away.
Edmundo was outside his vehicle.
Edmundo was outside the spaceship.
Edmundo was outside the station.
Edmundo was pardoned.
Edmundo was parked across from the shop.
Edmundo was preparing to leave home.
Edmundo was puffing on a cigarette.
Edmundo was questioned about Rima’s disappearance.
Edmundo was quite frustrated.
Edmundo was really excited to get the laptop.
Edmundo was really getting into that book.
Edmundo was really upset.
Edmundo was rescued.
Edmundo was screaming into a pillow.
Edmundo was seen walking to the bathroom with a possible weapon.
Edmundo was sent to the operating room.
Edmundo was seriously wounded.
Edmundo was shooting at Rima.
Edmundo was sitting at a bar.
Edmundo was spinning the pistol in his hand.
Edmundo was standing by.
Edmundo was standing next to the building.
Edmundo was standing right next to the table.
Edmundo was staring at the planet.
Edmundo was stopped by Rima.
Edmundo was stuck in traffic for a good five hours.
Edmundo was substituting for a Russian teacher.
Edmundo was taken out of his cell.
Edmundo was taken to a mausoleum.
Edmundo was talking to a patient named Rima.
Edmundo was talking to the base.
Edmundo was the second in command.
Edmundo was three quarters of the way there.
Edmundo was throwing his whole weight at the door.
Edmundo was tired of running.
Edmundo was told not to touch anything.
Edmundo was traveling on a city train.
Edmundo was trying his best not to move a muscle.
Edmundo was undaunted and continued to chase Rima.
Edmundo was under the influence of some sort of substance when he snuck into the school.
Edmundo was waiting in the garage.
Edmundo was waiting on the porch for Melissa.
Edmundo was walking around the bus.
Edmundo was walking on the sidewalk behind Melissa.
Edmundo was watching the election results.
Edmundo was watching the news about the upcoming election.
Edmundo was wearing full body protection.
Edmundo was wearing the same old jacket.
Edmundo was willing to buy Melissa's couch.
Edmundo was willing to buy Melissa's minivan that day.
Edmundo was willing to pay the full price.
Edmundo was woken up at four am every morning.
Edmundo was working as a substitute teacher at the time.
Edmundo wasn't even a child at all.
Edmundo wasn’t able to kill Rima’s attackers.
Edmundo watched more news reports about Rima.
Edmundo went after the bomb.
Edmundo went back to Rima’s house.
Edmundo went inside the pizza parlor to order.
Edmundo went inside the restaurant to warm up.
Edmundo went into a rage and started screaming and smashing things.
Edmundo went into one of the stalls and locked the door.
Edmundo went out for a drink of water.
Edmundo went out to face Walid.
Edmundo went outside the portal.
Edmundo went through the portal.
Edmundo went through the same thing.
Edmundo went to a Burger King with his friends.
Edmundo went to a fertility clinic.
Edmundo went to a gun shop to buy more bullets.
Edmundo went to a nearby farm.
Edmundo went to another room to grieve.
Edmundo went to get the ball.
Edmundo went to the back of the house.
Edmundo went to the closet.
Edmundo went to the library to do his homework and read a little bit.
Edmundo went to the restroom that was in the back part of the school.
Edmundo went to the surgery room.
Edmundo will be at a cybercafe.
Edmundo will be back in a minute.
Edmundo will be rescued by helicopter soon.
Edmundo will get caught.
Edmundo will have to stay there.
Edmundo will kill Rima.
Edmundo wished Rima could see him with their son.
Edmundo wished that fate hadn’t been written.
Edmundo woke up as if nothing had happened.
Edmundo woke up in his bedroom.
Edmundo won't use Craigslist again.
Edmundo wondered if that person was a boy or a girl.
Edmundo won’t be able to kill the vampire by driving a stake into his chest.
Edmundo won’t go with Rima.
Edmundo wore average clothes.
Edmundo wore sweatpants.
Edmundo worked at a Target up until a few years ago.
Edmundo worked at the hair salon.
Edmundo works in upstate New York.
Edmundo would die if he doesn’t make it back in time.
Edmundo wrapped the wound with a bandage.
Edmundo yelled that he had already called the police.
Edmundo yelled to the intruder that he was calling the police.
Edmundo's account was set to ultimate privacy.
Edmundo's business was robbed.
Edmundo's daughter sang herself to sleep.
Edmundo's eyes widened as he realized how serious the situation was.
Edmundo's grandma was there to pick him up.
Edmundo's heart sank instantly when he saw Melissa at the door.
Edmundo's last German Shepherd was named "Melissa."
Edmundo's mind was already made up.
Edmundo's minivan has a quiet engine.
Edmundo's mom came to pick him up that evening.
Edmundo's parents sent him back to school.
Edmundo's parents were both at work.
Edmundo's restaurant has been turned upside down.
Edmundo's room was at the end of the hallway.
Edmundo's story seemed so fabricated to me.
Edmundo's street was usually pretty quiet.
Edmundo's supermarket had a lot of customers.
Edmundo's supermarket was always understaffed.
Edmundo's truck stopped on the side of the road.
Edmundo's van drove off.
Edmundo's vehicle remained parked in the driveway.
Edmundo’s body has disappeared.
Edmundo’s body will probably explode.
Edmundo’s car crashed into a bas.
Edmundo’s car fell off the cliff.
Edmundo’s dog attacked Rima’s mother.
Edmundo’s family is one of the oldest and most powerful in the country.
Edmundo’s hair started to grow back.
Edmundo’s mother left him forty years ago.
Edmundo’s planet will remain untouched.
Edmundo’s robot is not ready.
Edmundo’s shack burnt down.
Edmundo’s ship took off Mars with Rima on board.
Edmundo’s skin showed advanced stages of rot.
Edmundo’s soldiers protected the tower.
Edoardo got really angry and threw the chair over onto the floor.
Edu has more or less a thousand gay friends.
Eduardo is from Ecuador. He is Ecuadorian.
Eduardo is from Ecuador. He's an Ecuadorian.
Eduardo is younger than Roberto.
Educate me, O Enlightened One.
Educate other family members on how to load and operate the dishwasher properly.
Educate other family members on the importance of keeping the stovetop clean.
Educate other family members on the importance of maintaining a clean refrigerator.
Educate your children!
Educate yourself about money.
Educate yourself before buying.
Educate yourself on that.
Educate yourself, hun. I'm not doing emotional labour for you.
Educated people tend to have fewer children.
Educated, him? Don't tell that!
Educating developing-world farmers on best practices and improving soil fertility would be a more sustainable solution, rather than continuing the current model of water-, fertilizer- and pesticide-intensive agriculture.
Educating every American student to graduate from high school prepared for college and for a career is a national imperative.
Educating girls can transform lives, families, communities, and entire countries. When girls are educated, they lead healthier and more productive lives. They gain the skills, knowledge, and confidence to break the cycle of poverty and help strengthen their societies. It’s time to Let Girls Learn.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.
Educating young people is important.
Education about birth control might help cut down on adolescent pregnancies.
Education about boundaries is crucial for him.
Education aims to develop potential abilities.
Education almost always means character building.
Education begins at home.
Education begins with curiosity.
Education by the parents of their children is important.
Education can take many forms beyond a degree.
Education consists mainly in what we have unlearned.
Education demands time and effort, but it's worth it.
Education does not consist simply in learning a lot of facts.
Education doesn't consist of learning a lot of facts.
Education doesn’t consist of learning a lot of facts.
Education has nothing to do with age.
Education helps to mold character.
Education in this world disappoints me.
Education is a critical element.
Education is a gateway to success.
Education is a key focus for Algeria.
Education is a path out of poverty.
Education is a system of imposed ignorance.
Education is all about building character.
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
Education is an admirable thing. But it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
Education is an investment in the future.
Education is better than wealth.
Education is compulsory in Algeria.
Education is crucial in combatting dehumanization and racism.
Education is crucial.
Education is free in Algeria.
Education is human development's best friend.
Education is important.
Education is key to understanding and addressing the impact of hate speech.
Education is key, but it's not a cure-all.
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
Education is learning what you didn’t even know you didn’t know.
Education is like energy in the growth market of the future.
Education is not synonymous with intelligence.
Education is not the filling of a bucket, but the igniting of a fire.
Education is not the learning of facts but the training of the mind to think.
Education is one of the most essential aspects of life.
Education is really important.
Education is sliding into an abyss.
Education is the acquisition of the art of the utilisation of knowledge.
Education is the agent of progress.
Education is the bedrock of civilization.
Education is the best antidote against violence.
Education is the gateway to a better future.
Education is the key to knowledge.
Education is the key to success.
Education is the key.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Education is the path to a better future.
Education is the path to happiness, peace, righteousness, and success.
Education is very important.
Education is what remains when you forget everything you learned in school.
Education is what remains when you have forgotten everything you have learned.
Education is worth more than gold.
Education leads to understanding, understanding leads to acceptance, acceptance leads to harmony.
Education makes machines which act like men and produces men who act like machines.
Education manufactures machines that act like humans and produce humans who act like machines.
Education means something more than going to school.
Education must not be limited to our youth, but it must be a continuing process through our entire lives.
Education now means classrooms, attendances, and inspections.
Education provides the necessary tools, equipment by which we learn how to learn.
Education refines man.
Education shall be directed to the full development of the human personality and to the strengthening of respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms. It shall promote understanding, tolerance and friendship among all nations, racial or religious groups, and shall further the activities of the United Nations for the maintenance of peace.
Education shall be free, at least in the elementary and fundamental stages.
Education should be carried further than it is now.
Education should be firm in explaining to young children that differences exist and have to be respected — therefore the importance of a secular and impartial state.
Education should not be a burden on the parents as well as on the children.
Education shouldn't be aimed at passing a test.
Education shouldn’t be aimed at passing a test.
Education starts at home.
Education was mostly at home.
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
Educational reforms still have a long way to go.
Educators say lessons with stories involving animals appeal to students.
Educators should respect learners' mother tongue.
Educators used to say that too much screen time melts kids' brains, but suddenly and mysteriously the science changed when they didn't want to teach in the classroom.
Edvard Grieg is considered one of the leading composers of the Romantic era.
Edvard Hagerup Grieg was a Norwegian composer and pianist.
Edvardas is younger than Robertas.
Edward Bernays gives me the willies.
Edward Bolles, author of “Remembering and Forgetting,” puts it best: “We remember what we understand; we understand only what we pay attention to; we pay attention to what we want.”
Edward Everett did not agree with Lincoln.
Edward Gibbon wrote a book about the decline and fall of the Roman Empire.
Edward II. being formally deposed in a general assembly of the great Barons, his eldest son was called to the throne, and crowned on Christmas-day, 1326, in the sixteenth year of his age, “during the lifetime of his father.”
Edward Sapir was an American linguist.
Edward White II became the first American to walk in space.
Edward inherited his uncle's estate.
Edward inherited his uncle's property.
Edward is at Francisca's Bakery.
Edward is junior to Robert.
Edward is younger than Robert.
Edward looked Kathy in the eye and asked her if she really meant what she said.
Edward read the message.
Edward read the text.
Edward succeeded to his uncle's estate.
Edward succeeded to his uncle’s estate.
Edward, the venture capitalist, hit the jackpot in the oil business.
Edy Cohen insults Algeria.
Edy Cohen is a media clown who speaks Arabic like a scornful illiterate old lady.
Edy Cohen loves insulting Algeria.
Eeew!
Eels are extremely slippery.
Eels can cover short distances on land.
Eels don't live in this lake.
Eels filled the hovercraft.
Eels have made their way here as well.
Eels look like aliens from another planet.
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe, catch a tiger by his toe, if he hollers let him go, eeny, meeny, miny, moe. My mother told me to catch the very best one and you are not it.
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe.
Eero always walks bare-headed.
Ef was probably a bilabial, not a labiodental spirant, as is also evident from Goth.
Effective communication and mutual respect are essential elements of successful teamwork.
Effective communication is key to success in any relationship.
Effective decisions are based on the analysis of data and information.
Effective public policy is not a simple matter of centralize or decentralize, subsidize or privatize, regulate or deregulate.
Effective use of disinfectant is an important subject in relation to infection control in hospitals.
Effectively dealing with competition is an important part of life.
Effectively, I killed him.
Effectively, she insulted me.
Effectively, that happens from time to time.
Efferent neurons travel away from the brain to effect their target organs.
Efficiency is important, but so is quality.
Efficiency is the dominant idea in business.
Efficient machinery replaced manual labor.
Efficient management of water resources is essential to ensure access for future generations.
Effort for effort’s sake is meaningless. That effort must produce results.
Effort is essential to studying.
Effort produces fine results.
Effort was made to share the little there was as equally as possible.
Efforts are being made to ban advertising on TV.
Efforts do not always pay off.
Efforts to aid the tens of thousands of people affected by Tonga’s disastrous volcanic eruption are beginning to gather momentum, with the first arrivals of aid by plane and boat from New Zealand and Australia.
Efforts to bring the blaze under control using buckets soon failed.
Efforts to combat the problem have taken on urgency, but there is growing debate on how best to foil hi-tech offenders.
Efforts to crack down on bear bile farming continue, more than 20 years after the product was officially banned.
Efforts to curb excess illumination are also underway from the Australian Outback to Britain's Sherwood Forest. The Czech law resembles one enacted in Italy's Lombardy region after 25,000 citizens petitioned against obtrusive outdoor lighting.
Efforts to rebuild and stabilize Afghanistan are ongoing, with international organizations and neighboring nations playing key roles in providing aid and supporting development projects.
Effusive people are often misunderstood as exaggerated.
Efim Geller, Paul Keres and David Bronstein were great Russian chess players.
Egah, it's vile!
Egeland said many families live in “horrific conditions” in mud and stone huts they have built. They heat what meager food they have — including items found on the local garbage heap — by burning plastic.
Egg in a hole is a simple breakfast dish.
Egg salad sandwiches are cheap and easy to make, so I often eat them.
Egg tarts, when freshly baked, are a real delicacy.
Egg yolk is one of the major sources of vitamin A.
Egg yolks are one of the main sources of vitamin A.
Eggfruit tastes like candied sweet potatoes.
Egging is a form of vandalism.
Eggnog is a creamy Christmas drink.
Eggplant and cheese makes a great vegetarian meal.
Eggplant is the main ingredient of some vegetarian dishes with tomato sauce.
Eggplant, carrot, tomato.
Eggs are already being produced in China.
Eggs are cheap this season.
Eggs are essential in the production of new human cells.
Eggs are getting more expensive.
Eggs are not kept in the freezer in German stores.
Eggs are round, not square.
Eggs are sold by the dozen.
Eggs are usually sold by the dozen in America.
Eggs are very fragile.
Eggs aren't stored in the freezer in German shops.
Eggs can be used as weapons.
Eggs cost four dollars.
Eggs go bad quickly in the summer.
Eggs should be boiled for at least five minutes.
Eggs take about a month to hatch.
Eggs tend to go bad in summer.
Eggs, flowers, and green leaves are vernal images.
Eggs, milk and flour are the main ingredients of pancakes.
Eggs, we need eggs!
Egoism - complaining about the egoism of others and not realizing one's own.
Egoism is the prime cause of cancer of the soul.
Egoists do not meet, they collide with each other.
Egotist though he was, his parents loved him.
Egrets eat fish.
Egypt buys most of its grain from Russia and Ukraine, and the price of importing wheat for a population of more than 100 million people has gone up drastically.
Egypt elected a new legislature in December 2015, its first parliament since 2012.
Egypt gets less rain than Japan.
Egypt has a lot of people.
Egypt has already agreed.
Egypt has announced the discovery of a 3,500-year-old tomb in Luxor.
Egypt has the best food and the best music in the Arab world.
Egypt heavily relies on the Nile.
Egypt holds the final position in a long line of beneficiaries of the Nile River.
Egypt is a country.
Egypt is a developing country.
Egypt is a gift of the Nile.
Egypt is a totally different environment.
Egypt is beautiful.
Egypt is called "Misr" in Arabic.
Egypt is called "kēme" in Coptic.
Egypt is celebrating the return of the long-lost mummy that has spent more than a century across the Atlantic.
Egypt is known for its brutal military authoritarianism.
Egypt is often called the "Gift of the Nile".
Egypt is reporting its first death from the coronavirus, or COVID-19 – a German tourist who came down with the infection during a visit to Luxor.
Egypt is so great.
Egypt isn't just pyramids.
Egypt revolted during that time.
Egypt wielded its usual authoritarian fist.
Egypt, a Muslim-majority country, has a notable Christian community.
Egyptair has one daily flight from New York to Cairo.
Egyptian began to be written using the Greek alphabet in the 1st century.
Egyptian cotton towels are terrific.
Egyptian economists are fretting, as the global economic crisis bites, hitting vital sources of government revenue, like tariffs from Suez Canal traffic.
Egyptian history is never boring.
Egyptian is a branch of the Afro-Asiatic language family, which also includes Arabic, Hebrew and Berber languages.
Egyptian schools don't teach critical thinking.
Egyptian schools teach rote learning.
Egyptian today is largely a dead language. Only as a liturgical language is its youngest form, Coptic, still in use, and it is spoken by some 300 people as a second language in a revived form.
Egyptian was both a language and a branch of Afroasiatic.
Egyptians are so hard-working.
Egyptians are very hospitable.
Egyptians don't have just one way of walking.
Egyptians have been harvesting honey for more than six thousand years.
Eh up, what are you doing?
Eh, do you know where the nail clippers that were here before are?
Eh, give me your cellphone's mail address.
Eh, give me your cellphone’s mail address.
Eh, it's an onion-flavoured bagel!
Eh, it’s an onion-flavoured bagel!
Eh, just a second, let me finish this.
Eh, you two came back here while sharing the same umbrella. I smell love in the air.
Eh? Have we run out of toner? Oh well, sorry, but can you go the staff-room and get some, Katou?
Eh? Hundreds of thousands of Yen plus betrothal gifts?
Eh? This tune ... The playlist has looped.
Eh? We said we'd go to the park? I didn't realise.
Eh? We said we’d go to the park? I didn’t realise.
Eh? When did it start raining? I didn't notice at all.
Ehhh, I hope I'm not interrupting anything ...
Ehime Prefecture's capital is Matsuyama City.
Ehrlich gave up a job diving to film sharks all over the world to work on “My Octopus Teacher.”
Ehrlich, now 74, began his career in 1953 studying Lepidoptera — that is, butterflies and moths, which still hold his interest. But as Professor of Population Studies at Stanford, his most significant concern today is with global warming.
Eid Mubarak.
Eid ul-Fitr and Eid ul-Adha are major religious festivals in Bangladesh.
Eight U.S. presidents have come from Ohio.
Eight boats set sail Sunday from Annapolis, Maryland, crossing under the massive Chesapeake Bay Bridge amid wet and dreary weather.
Eight brothers and no sisters? No wonder she's a tomboy.
Eight divided by two is four.
Eight guys are watching.
Eight guys have eyes.
Eight hobbits form one hobbyte.
Eight hours have passed.
Eight hundredth, nine hundredth and one thousandth are ordinal numbers.
Eight is double that of four.
Eight is four times two.
Eight is the number between seven and nine.
Eight is twice as much as four.
Eight is two times four.
Eight known planets and their moons, along with comets, asteroids, and other space objects orbit the Sun.
Eight lawmakers are sponsoring the bill, which was introduced in parliament Monday.
Eight less six makes two.
Eight minus four is four.
Eight minus six is two.
Eight national parks and 33 wildlife refuges along the Gulf of Mexico could be threatened by the oil spill, according to National Parks Director Jonathan Jarvis.
Eight of the city's top restaurants are donating gourmet meals to a local homeless shelter.
Eight out of ten dieters who lose up to ten percent of their body weight put it back on again within five years.
Eight out of ten people over forty suffer from back pain.
Eight people will do ten people's work better than twelve people.
Eight plus eight is sixteen, plus sixteen is thirty-two.
Eight plus eight is sixteen.
Eight plus one equals nine.
Eight plus one is equal to nine.
Eight plus ten makes eighteen.
Eight plus two is ten.
Eight squared is sixty-four.
Eight structures were swept into the sea by a landslide near the Norwegian Arctic town of Alta.
Eight years ago, we were in the early stages of what would become the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes.
Eighteen cartoonists were forced to leave the magazine because of state censoring.
Eighteen minutes later, the battle was over.
Eighteen months after the animal has been reported missing it was finally in its owner's arms again.
Eighteen plus eighty-one is ninety-nine. Nineteen plus ninety-one is one hundred and ten.
Eighteen times two is thirty-six.
Eighteen years ago, more than 60% of Americans watched as the worst terror attack ever to occur on U.S. soil unfolded on television — either in real time or in repeated replays.
Eighteen-year-old Di Zhu, the winner of the competition who was born in China but moved to New York as a young child, began playing the piano at the late age of seven.
Eighteenth century, unless it's a forgery.
Eighties' fashion does not resemble that of the nineties.
Eighty NGOs are calling for a moratorium on deep sea mining as a result of the report.
Eighty is an undeclinable number.
Eighty per cent humidity? Blimey, that must be muggy!
Eighty per cent of communication is non-verbal.
Eighty percent of English words come from other languages.
Eighty percent of Tom's vocabulary consists of snarl words like "social justice warrior" and "triggered."
Eighty percent of all information on computers around the world is in English.
Eighty percent of communication is non-verbal.
Eighty percent of forest fires are caused by humans.
Eighty percent of life is showing up.
Eighty percent of people live in cities.
Eighty percent of people who get the coronavirus don't need hospitalization and can recover at home with no problem.
Eighty percent of statistics are completely made up.
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
Eighty percent of the carbon in your body comes from corn.
Eighty sentences will do for today. Ta-ra!
Eighty-five percent of Americans plan to celebrate Halloween.
Eileen Collins is a wife and mother. She met her husband when both were flying C-14s in the military.
Eileen Collins was born in Elmira, New York in 1956.
Eileen always wanted to become a pilot. When she was a child, her parents often took her to the airport to see the planes.
Eileen was a very good student. She earned a scholarship to attend Syracuse University.
Eimear has a green house.
Eimi, you assume it's possible when you find the truth, which is impossible.
Einkorn wheat was one of the earliest forms of wheat to be cultivated.
Einstein also showed how mass and energy were equivalent.
Einstein decided to study math and physics so he could become a teacher.
Einstein described quantum entanglement as "spooky action at a distance." So, before Einstein's own Theory of General Relativity, might Newton's theory of gravitation have been described.
Einstein did not speak until the age of four.
Einstein didn't really say that.
Einstein discovered that space and time are just two different aspects of spacetime.
Einstein enjoyed playing the violin.
Einstein had posited that large gravitational forces could stretch light, much like the compression and stretching of sound waves we perceive with the change of pitch of a passing train.
Einstein has been dead for nearly forty years.
Einstein is a very smart parrot.
Einstein later married his cousin Elsa Einstein.
Einstein liked to play the violin.
Einstein loved playing the violin.
Einstein often said that his greatest discoveries came from simply asking the same kinds of questions children ask. But unlike most adults, he never stopped asking them.
Einstein predicted that the Sun's gravity would bend light.
Einstein published his theory of relativity in 1905.
Einstein regarded himself as a philosopher.
Einstein showed that mass can be converted into energy and vice-versa.
Einstein showed us our limits.
Einstein thought of it first, and then decided it was stupid.
Einstein traveled the world lecturing and raising funds for a planned Hebrew University in Jerusalem.
Einstein was a math genius.
Einstein was a mathematical genius.
Einstein was a physicist.
Einstein was born in the German city of Ulm, a city with a population of about 120,000 inhabitants. There was a plaque in his memory near his first house (which was destroyed during World War II). His family moved to Munich shortly after his birth, and then moved again to Italy. His father owned an electrochemical factory, and his mother was a homemaker who took care of him and his sister Maria.
Einstein was far in advance of his time.
Einstein was not only a scientist, but also a social activist and a humanitarian.
Einstein won the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1921 for his work on the photoelectric effect.
Einstein wrote in a memoir that there were two wonders he saw in his early life.
Einstein's theories contributed greatly to modern science.
Einstein's theory of relativity is Greek to me.
Einstein, at school, wasn't a bright boy.
Einstein, at school, wasn’t a bright boy.
Einsteinium is the name for the element with atomic number 99 and is represented by the symbol Es. It is a member of the actinide group.
Einstein’s theories contributed greatly to modern science.
Einstein’s theory of relativity is Greek to me.
Eisenhower had campaigned to end the war.
Eisenhower kept his promise.
Eisenhower was elected in November 1952.
Eisgruber suggested applicants consult the U.S. Department of Education's College Scorecard, although the "data-centric interface can make it more attractive to policy wonks than to students."
Either Ann or Carol is going to take care of the baby.
Either Fadil gives up drugs and works on his marriage or he goes straight to serious trouble.
Either I am right, or you are right.
Either I'll do that or Tom will.
Either I'm right or you are.
Either Jim or I have to tell her about it.
Either John or I am to blame.
Either Mary doesn't want to do that or she can't.
Either Mary goes, or I go!
Either Mary or you is to go.
Either Monday or Wednesday is OK.
Either Tom and Mary are wrong or I am.
Either Tom and Mary don't want to do that or they can't.
Either Tom does it, or someone else.
Either Tom does some unpaid community service, or he goes to jail.
Either Tom doesn't want to do it or he can't.
Either Tom doesn't want to do that or he can't.
Either Tom goes or I go.
Either Tom goes, or I go!
Either Tom goes, or me.
Either Tom is lying or Mary is lying.
Either Tom is lying or Mary is.
Either Tom is wrong or I am.
Either Tom is wrong or Mary is.
Either Tom leaves or I will.
Either Tom or I must go.
Either Tom or I will attend the meeting.
Either Tom or Mary go to the market, but not both.
Either Tom or Mary probably has an extra pencil they could lend you.
Either Tom or Mary will do that.
Either Tom will do it, or someone else will.
Either Tom will do that or Mary will.
Either Tom's lying or Mary's lying.
Either Tom, Mary, or neither of them goes to the market.
Either a picture of a lesbian couple isn't sexual, or a picture of a straight couple is sexual, too.
Either all or none.
Either as a waiter at a restaurant or a bartender, both are OK.
Either be as you seem or seem as you are.
Either be treated like a helpless child, or be exploited and discriminated. Take your pick.
Either come in or go out.
Either day is OK.
Either day is fine.
Either day would be OK.
Either day would be all right with me.
Either do it, or let other people do it.
Either do that now, or do it tomorrow.
Either emperor, or nothing.
Either everyone wins at Tatoeba, or no one does.
Either friendship or death.
Either go big or go home, son.
Either go out or come in.
Either he doesn't know how to wash the dishes or he is just lazy.
Either he doesn’t know how to wash the dishes or he is just lazy.
Either he goes, or I go!
Either he is to blame, or I am.
Either he is wrong or I am.
Either he or I am to attend the meeting.
Either he or I have to attend the convention.
Either he or I must go.
Either he was trying to pose as a Russian agent, or he was one.
Either is OK with me.
Either is acceptable.
Either it's a full moon or animals are just conspiring against us today.
Either it's twelve o'clock based on the kitchen clock, or it lost its little hand.
Either look like what you are, or become what you look like.
Either night or the Prussians will come.
Either of my parents must go to the meeting.
Either of the students may fail the exam.
Either of the two must go.
Either of the two roads leads to the station.
Either of them is honest.
Either of them is satisfactory to me.
Either of these roads leads to the station.
Either one is fine, but the former is more concise.
Either one of us has to go there.
Either one of us will be chosen.
Either one of you has to go there.
Either one will do.
Either one! They're both fine.
Either people are free, or the market is free, but you can't have both.
Either say something smart or be quiet.
Either she goes, or I go!
Either she's really doing well, or she can hide everything behind a smile.
Either skillful or lazy. But not both.
Either stay here by yourself, or come with us.
Either stay here, or come with me.
Either stop talking or say something worth hearing.
Either student can come to the cinema.
Either that was a UFO or my name isn't Tom.
Either the dog goes, or I go.
Either the man is crazy or he's writing poetry.
Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had plenty of time as she went down to look about her, and to wonder what was going to happen next. First, she tried to look down and make out what she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything: then she looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled with cupboards and book-shelves: here and there she saw maps and pictures hung upon pegs. She took down a jar from one of the shelves as she passed; it was labelled "ORANGE MARMALADE," but to her great disappointment it was empty: she did not like to drop the jar for fear of killing somebody underneath, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as she fell past it.
Either they don't want to or they can't.
Either they go, or I go!
Either this man is dead or my watch has stopped.
Either turn down that noise or turn it off.
Either way I don't like him.
Either way I don’t like him.
Either way is fine with me.
Either way is fine.
Either way will lead you to the station.
Either way works for me.
Either way's fine with me.
Either way, I don't know how it's going to turn out.
Either way, I think we should be extremely cautious.
Either way, does it really matter?
Either way, he's got a month to pick it up.
Either way, it's not important.
Either way, it’s not important.
Either way, the program was successful.
Either way, you lose.
Either way’s fine with me.
Either we all go or nobody goes.
Either we are forcibly bound up in the present, or we lose ourselves in the long gone-by, and seek back for what is utterly lost, as if it were possible to summon it up again, and rehabilitate it.
Either will do.
Either with it or on it.
Either word can be used according to the free choice of the users.
Either would be fine.
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
Either you act now or you get nothing.
Either you are right or he is.
Either you are teasing me or you are making fun of me.
Either you are wrong, or I am.
Either you cooperate or I'll have you arrested.
Either you cough up the dough or you say goodbye to your car. Got it?
Either you eat, or you play, but make up your mind.
Either you finish your school or you go.
Either you go now or I will make you go.
Either you go, or I go.
Either you have to come up or I have to go down, I don't care either way.
Either you kill yourself or I'll make sure to be widowed.
Either you love her, or you don't.
Either you love it or you hate it.
Either you or I am in the wrong.
Either you or I am right.
Either you or I am wrong.
Either you or I have to do it.
Either you or I have to do that.
Either you or I have to do this.
Either you or I have to go there.
Either you or I must attend the meeting.
Either you or I must go in his place.
Either you or I should visit her.
Either you or I will get the first prize.
Either you or I will have to do it.
Either you or I will have to go.
Either you or I'll have to do that.
Either you or I'll have to go.
Either you or Jane has to go there.
Either you or Mary should go.
Either you or Tom has to go there.
Either you or he has to attend the meeting.
Either you or he is supposed to come tomorrow.
Either you or he is wrong.
Either you or she has to go there.
Either you or your brother is wrong.
Either you or your friend is wrong.
Either you or your friends are wrong.
Either you shit or you get out of the bush.
Either you show me your ticket, or you get lost.
Either you wait here a while outside, or you come back later.
Either your user name or password is incorrect.
Ejective consonants occur more often in languages from mountainous regions.
Ekkehard wants a model train for Christmas.
El Alia is Algiers's largest cemetery.
El Capitan is a famous mountain located in Yosemite National Park in California, USA.
El Carnicero harvests organs and disposes of bodies for a living, working in the shadows, unlike many of his associates.
El Fasher is the capital of North Darfur, where fighting has recently escalated between the rival Sudanese Armed Forces, or SAF, based inside the city, and the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces, or RSF, who have now reportedly advanced into it.
El Hamdania will be Algeria's largest seaport.
El Harrach River is full of human and industrial waste.
El Niño is the unusual warming of the surface waters of the eastern tropical Pacific Ocean. It causes changes in wind patterns that have major effects on weather all across the globe.
El Niño will continue.
El Salvador has banned entry to all foreigners.
El Salvador, one of the world’s homicide hot spots, reported something highly unusual early in the coronavirus pandemic — four murder-free days.
El Watan, Liberte, Echorouk, and El Khabar are Algeria's most influential newspapers.
Ela é a luz dos meus olhos.
Elaine Thompson is now the world's fastest woman.
Elaine is in hospital.
Elaine of Corbenic, fell in love with Lancelot and tricked him into believing that she was Guinevere, so that he would sleep with her.
Elasmosaurs are a genus of plesiosaur that lived in North America during the Late Cretaceous.
Elasmosaurs generally have the look of oversized, shellless turtles with long necks.
Elation and despair ebbed and flowed in her.
Elation gave way to horror.
Elay is relating, step by step, what she saw and heard.
Elbonia is a humanitarian superpower.
Elbonia is a rogue nation.
Elbonia is a rogue state.
Elbonia is a shithole country.
Elbrus is Europe's highest mountain.
Elderly guests should always be served first, just after the youngest ones.
Elderly men are dangerous, since they do not care about the future.
Elderly people accumulate quirks.
Elderly people are more likely to die from the coronavirus.
Elderly people are more susceptible to illness.
Elderly people are prone to illness.
Elderly people deserve respect.
Elderly people get sick easily.
Elderly people should stay at home.
Elderly people struggle to move.
Elderly people usually buy ranch-style houses to avoid the danger of climbing stairs.
Eleanor suffered severely for her conjugal affection even after the death of her husband by being imprisoned for the dreadful period of forty-three years.
Eleanor though the daughter of a king and brought up in the greatest luxury determined to share misfortune with her husband.
Elected representatives have their own interests, which often run contrary to those of their constituents.
Electing this mayor proved to be a drastic mistake.
Electing to upgrade the computer lab, the university library went slightly over the budget.
Election day was cold and rainy.
Election returns were what we had expected.
Elections are an essential moment in citizens' lives thanks to democracy.
Elections are just around the corner.
Elections are quite complex.
Elections are scheduled for October.
Elections are taking place next Sunday.
Elections are the biggest illusion of freedom.
Elections can be manipulated, leading to outcomes that don't reflect public opinion.
Elections for mayor take place every four years.
Elections for officers are held annually.
Elections must be held anew.
Elections no longer have any influence on politics.
Elections take place next Sunday.
Elections took place in Russia.
Elections were held in Russia.
Elections, shemelections; the candidates are fags.
Electric cars are a dog and pony show.
Electric cars are becoming more and more popular.
Electric cars are getting popular.
Electric cars are not actually green.
Electric cars are quiet.
Electric cars can be recharged at home.
Electric cars don't function as well in cold weather.
Electric cars make hardly any noise.
Electric cars pollute rather less than the others.
Electric cars will change the world.
Electric chair was invented by a dentist.
Electric computers provide managers with detailed, up-to-date information.
Electric current is measured in amperes.
Electric current is measured in amps.
Electric field strength is measured in volts per meter.
Electric guitars are often made of alder wood.
Electric illuminations add to the attraction at night.
Electric irons are heated by electricity.
Electric kilns allow easy temperature control.
Electric motors deliver strong acceleration because they offer more torque than equivalent gasoline engines.
Electric motors don't create pollution.
Electric power companies are seeking to reduce their use of coal.
Electric torture is extraordinarily painful.
Electric vehicles are gaining attention as an option for improving air quality and lessening United States dependence on imported oil. Research and development is under way on advanced battery and fuel cell technology and automakers are stepping up efforts to design electric vehicles for fleets and personal use. While today's technology is new, battery-powered vehicles have been around for a long time. Electrics flourished before the rise of the gasoline automobile and some 50,000 electric vehicles were in use in the United States by 1912.
Electric vehicles are growing in popularity.
Electric vehicles are quieter and cleaner.
Electric vehicles might be practical if more investment was put into recharging infrastructure.
Electric wires were broken in many places from the heavy snowfall.
Electrical appliances have made housework easier.
Electricity and health care have improved in Algeria.
Electricity cables are made of copper.
Electricity can be lethal.
Electricity comes from the wall socket, and water from the tap.
Electricity didn’t have much effect on the alien.
Electricity from the power company is delivered as alternating current.
Electricity has taken the place of steam.
Electricity is available to 83% of the population.
Electricity is still a luxury commodity in Morocco.
Electricity is used to power a variety of devices, from light bulbs to televisions to computers.
Electricity is very useful.
Electricity made candles of little use in our life.
Electricity prices are going up.
Electricity prices in Senegal are among the highest in the world.
Electricity prices went down.
Electricity prices went up.
Electricity produces lightning.
Electricity travels in a circuit.
Electricity was completely cut up.
Electricity's going up.
Electronic City near Bengaluru, Karnataka is considered the Silicon Valley of India.
Electronic cigarettes, mostly made in China, first appeared in the United States a couple of years ago, and they're no longer a novelty. An estimated one-half-million Americans, especially those who are trying to kick the smoking habit, have switched to them. The federal government, which heavily regulates tobacco products, wants to oversee e-cigarettes as well. But their makers are fighting hard to prevent it.
Electronic commerce began to spread rapidly.
Electronic components can be cleaned by using pure isopropyl alcohol.
Electronic components can be cleaned using pure isopropyl alcohol.
Electronic devices have current transformers.
Electronic documents are not as safe as printed documents.
Electronic music is rhythmic and sounds like a beating heart.
Electronic news media is our primary source of information.
Electrons are in the atoms.
Electrons have a negative electric charge.
Electrons have a negative electrical charge.
Electrons like to move.
Electrons orbit around the nucleus of the atom.
Electrons orbit the nucleus.
Electrophoresis is a laboratory technique used to separate DNA, RNA or protein molecules based on their size and electrical charge. An electric current is used to move the molecules through a gel or other matrix. Pores in the gel or matrix work like a sieve, allowing smaller molecules to move faster than larger molecules. To determine the size of the molecules in a sample, standards of known sizes are separated on the same gel and then compared to the sample.
Electrum is a natural alloy of gold and silver.
Elefen is a special language. It can be written with both the Latin and Cyrillic alphabet.
Elegance at all times.
Elegance is found in simplicity.
Elegance is silent power.
Elekid can evolve into Electabuzz.
Elemental Indium is very soft for a metal.
Elementary algebra: a) let x be the number of sentences in Galician; b) let x + 700 be the number of sentences in Romanian; c) today, x + 700 = 2x; d) what is the value of x? Solution: 2x = x + 700 ➜ 2x - x = 700 ➜ x = 700. Conclusion: today there are 700 sentences in Galician and 1,400 sentences in Romanian.
Elementary and primary school children don't yet know good from evil or reality from fiction.
Elementary and primary school children don’t yet know good from evil or reality from fiction.
Elementary education shall be compulsory.
Elementary school children go to school for a term of six years.
Elementary schools are gradually disappearing.
Elementary, my dear Watson.
Elements heavier than iron are produced during supernovae and during the merger of neutron stars.
Elena Mizulina, infamous for her legislative initiatives, suggested in her interview to the REN-TV channel that the phrase “gays are people too” may be considered extremist.
Elena is a young woman with red hair.
Elena is from Ecuador. She is Ecuadorian.
Elena is the curator of a modern art gallery.
Elena is the tallest girl in the class.
Elena was the first child born to a mother and a father who had both traveled in space.
Elena won first prize.
Eleni is a teacher.
Elephant attacks on humans are not uncommon.
Elephant crop-raiding continues to be a major source of human-wildlife conflict in Kenya, so one elephant researcher is helping to alleviate the problem near Tsavo East National Park with beehive fences, which use elephants’ natural aversion to bees to deter them from farms.
Elephant tusks are made of ivory.
Elephant tusks are made out of ivory.
Elephant tusks consist of ivory.
Elephants abound here.
Elephants are among the most intelligent animals.
Elephants are an endangered species.
Elephants are animals that Tom has already seen.
Elephants are divided into three different species.
Elephants are enormous animals.
Elephants are extremely intelligent.
Elephants are herbivores.
Elephants are illegally hunted for their ivory tusks.
Elephants are in danger of dying out.
Elephants are intelligent.
Elephants are large animals.
Elephants are majestic animals.
Elephants are majestic creatures.
Elephants are mammals.
Elephants are massive and heavy.
Elephants are several times the size of mice.
Elephants are smart.
Elephants are strong animals.
Elephants are stupid animals.
Elephants are the largest land animals alive today.
Elephants are the largest land animals.
Elephants are the largest living terrestrial animals.
Elephants are the world's largest land animals.
Elephants are the world’s largest land animals.
Elephants are usually peaceful animals.
Elephants are very clean. They wash themselves.
Elephants are very intelligent animals.
Elephants are very intelligent.
Elephants are very smart animals.
Elephants are very smart.
Elephants bury their dead.
Elephants can be a deadly threat.
Elephants can be extremely aggressive.
Elephants can kill people.
Elephants can't ride a bicycle.
Elephants can't ride bicycles.
Elephants don't climb trees.
Elephants don't eat meat.
Elephants drink a lot of water.
Elephants drink large amounts of water.
Elephants drink water.
Elephants eat grass.
Elephants have big ears.
Elephants have funerals.
Elephants have large ears and long nose.
Elephants have long noses.
Elephants have long trunks.
Elephants have two ears.
Elephants have two huge ears.
Elephants in Thailand are as common as kangaroos in Australia.
Elephants live in Asia and Africa.
Elephants mourn their dead.
Elephants trumpet when they are scared and when they are angry.
Elephants trumpet.
Elephants use tools.
Elephants usually only sleep two or three hours a day.
Elephants were killed for their ivory.
Elevate her feet.
Elevate your feet.
Elevate your thoughts to elevate your life.
Elevation allows us to rise above fear.
Elevation comes from gratitude and service.
Elevation comes from inner peace.
Elevation comes from kindness and compassion.
Elevation comes from lifting others up.
Elevation comes through inner work.
Elevation comes when we lift others.
Elevation is a journey, not a destination.
Elevation is about rising above limitations.
Elevation is found in acts of kindness.
Elevation is the process of becoming our best selves.
Elevation leads to deeper understanding.
Elevation lifts the heart and mind.
Elevation requires a shift in perspective.
Elevation requires faith and resilience.
Elevation requires letting go of ego.
Elevation requires reflection and action.
Elevation requires self-awareness.
Elevation transforms both spirit and mind.
Eleven children are among the dead.
Eleven euros an hour. Not bad at all.
Eleven is a prime number.
Eleven o'clock is good for me.
Eleven o'clock is my regular time for going to bed.
Eleven o’clock is good for me.
Eleven o’clock is my regular time for going to bed.
Eleven students received the award.
Eleven times eleven is one hundred and twenty-one.
Eleven times eleven is one hundred twenty-one.
Eleven years ago, there was a fire at the parish.
Eleven-year-old Gracia sits in a chair that is two sizes too big for her, dangling her skinny legs and speaking with poise and wisdom about a life that has not been easy.
Elevens have to be timed well in craps.
Eli is making popcorn in the kitchen.
Eliana gives life to the winter night.
Elias abandoned Sandra's mother and her.
Elias accidentally opened the door.
Elias accidentally spilled coffee on his shirt.
Elias adopted the stray cat.
Elias advised Sandra to accept a lawyer.
Elias agreed to give Sandra a chance.
Elias agreed to go with Sandra to check out that part of the woods.
Elias agreed to let Sandra go.
Elias allowed the stray cat in.
Elias almost choked upon hearing the table next to him being presented with the bill.
Elias already has an apartment.
Elias also brought a young man along.
Elias always gave Sandra glowing compliments on her appearance.
Elias always wanted to be the center of attention.
Elias always wears a pair of black glasses.
Elias and Sandra agreed to keep that a secret.
Elias and Sandra communicate via text messages.
Elias and Sandra exchanged contact information.
Elias and Sandra got divorced in a pretty dramatic way.
Elias and Sandra met before the event.
Elias and Sandra officially became a couple.
Elias and Sandra passed each other by.
Elias and Sandra stepped inside together.
Elias and Sandra switched rooms.
Elias and Sandra waved to each other and said hi.
Elias and Sandra were both on edge.
Elias and Sandra were having a normal conversation.
Elias and Sandra weren't right for each other.
Elias and his cousin were having a lot of fun.
Elias and his group came in peace.
Elias apologized to Sandra for the misunderstanding.
Elias apologized to his friends.
Elias approached his home.
Elias approached the window and started knocking.
Elias arrived at his friend's house.
Elias arrived in front of Sandra's house.
Elias arrived safely.
Elias asked Sandra a couple of questions.
Elias asked Sandra a lot about what happened there.
Elias asked Sandra for help again, however, she immediately shook her head.
Elias asked Sandra for help and she quickly agreed.
Elias asked Sandra out to that terrible cafe.?
Elias asked Sandra to come with him on another expedition.
Elias asked Sandra to leave the building.
Elias asked one of the employees to help him.
Elias barely had time to close the door.
Elias barely uses any social media aside from Reddit.
Elias became a famous designer.
Elias became more and more handsome.
Elias began looking for any motel with a vacancy.
Elias began running through the woods.
Elias began shitting bricks.
Elias began to climb the ladder.
Elias began to let his guard down.
Elias began to notice that more often.
Elias began to prepare to get some sleep.
Elias began to shoot, creating panic in the room.
Elias began to speak loudly enough that Sandra's ears hurt.
Elias began walking in that direction.
Elias believed that collaboration and communication were essential to scientific progress, and he worked closely with colleagues and students to share ideas and knowledge.
Elias believed that science could be used to improve people's lives and make the world a better place.
Elias believed that science should be accessible to everyone, not just those with advanced degrees or specialized training.
Elias blackmailed Sandra.
Elias broke his trip up into several overnight stops.
Elias broke the glass.
Elias brushed off the phone calls as being a prank.
Elias brushed the hay to the side.
Elias brutally killed Sandra.
Elias burnt the clothing he was wearing.
Elias called Sandra and she caught the next flight home.
Elias called Sandra over from the bonfire to look at him.
Elias called Sandra's cellphone.
Elias called Sandra, but she didn't pick up the phone.
Elias called a corrupt detective and told him to take care of Sandra.
Elias called his daughter to tell her that he was going to arrive later that evening.
Elias called off the attack.
Elias called out Sandra's name, only to hear no response.
Elias called the local hospital.
Elias called the manager and explained the situation.
Elias called the police and they sent out two cars.
Elias calmly informed the lieutenant that he shot his wife.
Elias calmly turned his horse around and left.
Elias came back and started screaming at Sandra.
Elias came down wearing a completely different outfit.
Elias came in after Sandra.
Elias came on a Thursday night.
Elias came out of nowhere just to save Sandra.
Elias came out of the tow truck.
Elias came to Sandra's town.
Elias came to fix Sandra's computer.
Elias came to the cafe.
Elias can always make a difference.
Elias can climb so high.
Elias can definitely do anything he sets his mind to.
Elias can ride a camel.
Elias can swim there as much as he wants.
Elias can't believe that Sandra is so wealthy.
Elias can't control himself.
Elias can't finish this journey without Sandra.
Elias can't let Sandra marry Walid.
Elias cared so much for Sandra.
Elias caught the killer.
Elias caught the next flight home.
Elias chased after Sandra with his knife.
Elias checked the place out first.
Elias checked under every shrub and found nothing.
Elias chickened out right away.
Elias climbed trees and rocks.
Elias climbed up the ladder through connections and money.
Elias complained every time Sandra brought a new gift home.
Elias completed the tasks all flawlessly.
Elias confessed to killing Sandra.
Elias confirmed that Sandra had left for Algeria.
Elias considered the place to be his home.
Elias continued his act.
Elias continued his journey and finally made it.
Elias continued to walk on.
Elias cooks his own food.
Elias could be the protagonist of a Netflix series.
Elias could hear footsteps approaching.
Elias couldn't argue with Sandra since she was right.
Elias couldn't be bossy with Sandra.
Elias couldn't believe he was there.
Elias couldn't exactly leave.
Elias couldn't fall back asleep.
Elias couldn't find Sandra's Shawi dress anywhere.
Elias couldn't get himself to make a sound at all.
Elias couldn't get in on time.
Elias couldn't help but throw his arms around Sandra.
Elias couldn't keep his eyes open anymore.
Elias couldn't let that incredible opportunity pass.
Elias couldn't restrain himself in front of Sandra.
Elias couldn't see anyone outside.
Elias couldn't see anything outside.
Elias cried for five solid minutes in that tiny bathroom.
Elias cursed at himself for not leaving the house earlier.
Elias cut Sandra in the thigh.
Elias cut off all contact and left Algeria.
Elias darted back into the woods.
Elias decided he wanted to stand up for himself.
Elias decided he would never be self-centered.
Elias decided to fix everything.
Elias decided to follow as well.
Elias decided to go to the police and tell them about that.
Elias decided to just leave again.
Elias decided to just leave.
Elias decided to kick Sandra out of his apartment.
Elias decided to make Sandra really under his spell.
Elias decided to take that back road.
Elias decided to turn on Games of Thrones for a bit.
Elias deduced that the killer was a professional.
Elias depended on his mother.
Elias deposited fifty percent in advance.
Elias described himself briefly.
Elias deserved that for being so pushy.
Elias deserves the punishment for his wrongdoing.
Elias designed clothes.
Elias desperately wanted to help his group.
Elias did not come back out of the haunted house.
Elias didn't close the door when he came in.
Elias didn't drop a single piece of food.
Elias didn't earn that through his own efforts.
Elias didn't expect to find anything interesting inside the barn.
Elias didn't have any bad intentions.
Elias didn't hear the entire message.
Elias didn't hesitate a bit and agreed.
Elias didn't know his way back.
Elias didn't know what he had heard was true or not.
Elias didn't make any reservations.
Elias didn't move at all.
Elias didn't pay attention to Sandra.
Elias didn't really think too much of that.
Elias didn't receive any gifts.
Elias didn't refuse Sandra's gifts.
Elias didn't request a defense attorney.
Elias didn't return that night.
Elias didn't score.
Elias didn't smile back. Instead, he glared at her.
Elias didn't understand Sandra's language either.
Elias didn't want Sandra to follow him home.
Elias didn't want to be dumped in the countryside with those boys.
Elias didn't want to be too eager and excited about that.
Elias didn't want to change his lawyer.
Elias didn't want to hear Sandra's excuses.
Elias didn't want to talk to Sandra either.
Elias died of a terrible disease.
Elias disappeared down a random corner.
Elias discovered a photo of Sandra's mother in old clothes.
Elias doesn't eat out.
Elias doesn't have to apologize for Sandra.
Elias doesn't have to resign.
Elias doesn't have to worry about the bill.
Elias doesn't know Sandra herself and never saw her.
Elias doesn't know what happened inside that room.
Elias doesn't like Sandra's friends.
Elias doesn't need to prove anything to anyone.
Elias doesn't really like large crowds.
Elias doesn't want Sandra to worry.
Elias doesn't want to hang out with Sandra.
Elias dropped his crutch.
Elias drove down that creepy road into the forest.
Elias drove everywhere.
Elias drove his car straight into a restaurant.
Elias drove into the motel.
Elias drove to Sandra's school and waited for her.
Elias dumped Sandra as soon has he saw Skura.
Elias earned a few cents from his friends at school.
Elias easily jumped on Sandra and held her down.
Elias even had five daughters.
Elias even hugged Sandra tightly.
Elias even started having nightmares about Sandra laughing at him at school.
Elias even went so far as a passionate wet kiss.
Elias exited the building somewhere else.
Elias explained each problem with detail.
Elias expressed his love to Sandra a thousand times.
Elias failed an audition and missed the chance to sign a good contract.
Elias failed to kick Sandra out of the company.
Elias faked his medical degree.
Elias feared Sandra would come back.
Elias feels safe now.
Elias felt a little guilty about Sandra.
Elias felt like he was being followed.
Elias felt like his heart stopped.
Elias felt so proud of himself.
Elias felt so upset.
Elias felt something touch his left wrist.
Elias felt vindicated and left.
Elias finally drove away.
Elias finally found someone who loved him unconditionally.
Elias finally realized what had happened.
Elias finally saw Sandra walking in.
Elias finds flaws in anything.
Elias fixed Sandra's Barbie.
Elias fixed Sandra's doll.
Elias flagged someone down for a quick pick up to the gas station.
Elias followed Sandra for quite a while.
Elias followed Sandra inside the bathroom.
Elias followed right in.
Elias followed the tracks out of the driveway and on onto the street.
Elias forced Sandra to torture Walid.
Elias forced Sandra to wear something she didn't like.
Elias forgot about that guy.
Elias found Sandra a beautiful Shawi dress.
Elias found Sandra's entire house burnt.
Elias found a broken window to climb into.
Elias found a good place to turn around.
Elias found a lot of old furniture in the abandoned building.
Elias found out what Sandra wanted to do.
Elias found the old railroad track.
Elias gathered his stuff up.
Elias gave Sandra a book as a present.
Elias gave Sandra a gift because he adored her.
Elias gave Sandra a small smile.
Elias gave Sandra a smirk and pushed her into a river.
Elias gave Sandra his precious ring.
Elias gave Sandra some extremely important information.
Elias gave Sandra something to do.
Elias gave his son a Berber name that meant "partridge."
Elias gave the chance to Sandra to back out, but she didn't.
Elias gave the matter no further thought.
Elias gets off work pretty late.
Elias glared at Sandra and ignored her.
Elias glared at Sandra like she had taken everything he had in his life away from him.
Elias got a strange feeling when Sandra walked past him.
Elias got access to Sandra's art collection.
Elias got angry and left.
Elias got bored and left.
Elias got five years for aggravated attack.
Elias got himself a date for the dance.
Elias got into that window.
Elias got lost in his own mansion.
Elias got married to an Algerian woman.
Elias got new fans at Sandra's school.
Elias got pissed off.
Elias got ready to wait for Sandra.
Elias got safely inside.
Elias got scammed.
Elias got slightly nervous.
Elias got the door open.
Elias got the money from those girls.
Elias got up from the ground.
Elias grabbed a baseball bat and crouched down.
Elias grabbed his clothes ran back to the bathroom.
Elias greeted Sandra happily.
Elias had "KKK" tattooed on him.
Elias had a butter knife.
Elias had a decent budget to live on.
Elias had a desire to find his mother.
Elias had a dessert prepared.
Elias had a handsome face.
Elias had a mediocre academic record with C's and D's.
Elias had a nervous breakdown and she spent several days in a hospital.
Elias had a penknife.
Elias had a phone in his cell.
Elias had a sister who was five years younger.
Elias had a very friendly look on his face.
Elias had an active and vivid imagination.
Elias had an insightful perspective.
Elias had antique paintings on the wall.
Elias had captivating blue eyes.
Elias had no choice anyways.
Elias had no influential family to back him up.
Elias had no relevant qualifications.
Elias had piercings all over his face.
Elias had to act quickly.
Elias had to bring his cat along.
Elias had to crush Sandra's happiness.
Elias had to go to the gas station to grab a pack of cigarettes.
Elias had to go to the police.
Elias had to really make an effort to go there.
Elias had trouble falling asleep again.
Elias handed Sandra a bag to carry her stuff.
Elias handed over all the tasks to Sandra.
Elias handed the necklace to Sandra.
Elias handed the ticket back to Sandra.
Elias hardly have enough money for the public bus.
Elias has always been close to Sandra.
Elias has always envied Walid.
Elias has an eighty-pound German Shepherd.
Elias has been hiding in the area.
Elias has been hiking for a few hours in the forest.
Elias has been reading the book Sandra gave him.
Elias has been surprisingly friendly since the fight.
Elias has been traveling for months.
Elias has been walking for five minutes.
Elias has been wrong the whole time.
Elias has discovered Sandra's weakness.
Elias has grizzled hair.
Elias has had enough of Sandra's crap.
Elias has helped Sandra so much lately.
Elias has narrowly avoided a deadly accident.
Elias has never been cruel to subordinates.
Elias has never been there.
Elias has never seen the dog get aggressive with anyone.
Elias has noise-cancelling headphones.
Elias has not found Sandra's body.
Elias has only been in the room for a few minutes before the phone began to ring.
Elias has really wronged his friends.
Elias has the creeps now.
Elias has the killer's number.
Elias has turned to criticizing Sandra for taking advantage of him.
Elias hasn't done his chores yet.
Elias hates it when mistakes happen in the workload that is under his management.
Elias headed down towards the barn.
Elias headed to the bathroom.
Elias heard Sandra order dozens of dishes.
Elias heard Sandra scream.
Elias heard Sandra's voice clearly behind her.
Elias heard gunshots ringing out from the direction of the trucks.
Elias heard his gate squeaking once more.
Elias heard his gate squeaking.
Elias heard someone coming up behind him.
Elias heard the anger in Sandra's voice.
Elias heard the phone ringing.
Elias heard the sound of the waves crushing against the shore.
Elias held on to Sandra's hand.
Elias helped the old lady cross the road.
Elias hid away in the bushes behind the trees.
Elias hid in a huge dilapidated barn.
Elias hugged Sandra and made her heart skip a beat.
Elias hung up immediately.
Elias hurried to the company.
Elias hurriedly left after the talk.
Elias identified the mushrooms that were not safe to eat.
Elias initially had no intention to eat.
Elias investigated Sandra's family life.
Elias invited Sandra in for a drink.
Elias invited Sandra into his art room.
Elias invited Sandra to have dinner.
Elias is a blood-sucking demon.
Elias is actually a gang member.
Elias is already leaving.
Elias is coming to take charge of the company.
Elias is creeped out all over again.
Elias is currently busy.
Elias is destined to reach great heights.
Elias is far away from home.
Elias is from Sandra's old school.
Elias is going through his rebellious phase.
Elias is going to do this in the backyard.
Elias is here to help, isn't he?
Elias is just expressing his admiration.
Elias is just waiting for the opportune moment to strike.
Elias is not particularly strong himself.
Elias is nothing but a pretty face.
Elias is on crutches.
Elias is polite with everyone.
Elias is really a scoundrel.
Elias is severely visually impaired.
Elias is small and weak.
Elias is the murderer of Sandra's son.
Elias is the neighbor from across the street.
Elias is the new CEO.
Elias is the son of a chairman.
Elias is the son of the Shoshone chief.
Elias is truly amazing.
Elias is very good at remembering.
Elias is very vigilant at night.
Elias is waiting for a taxi.
Elias is watching a marathon on TV.
Elias is young, but very competent.
Elias isn't going to chicken out like John.
Elias isn't interfering in his kids' relationship.
Elias isn't trying to run away anymore.
Elias joined with a neighbor to become a street vendor.
Elias jumped back into his truck.
Elias jumped for joy and even hugged Sandra.
Elias jumped into his truck and drove away.
Elias jumped off the rooftop.
Elias jumped out of bed and checked his phone.
Elias jumped toward us.
Elias just ignored the teenagers.
Elias just played with girls' emotions.
Elias just wanted to get the hell out of there.
Elias just wouldn't listen.
Elias kept a close eye on Sandra.
Elias kept going to the shop to look for Sandra.
Elias kept on running.
Elias kept watching Game of Thrones.
Elias kicked his wife out of the apartment.
Elias killed himself by injecting poison.
Elias kind of bonded with Walid.
Elias knew Sandra was scared to death of spiders.
Elias knew Sandra was taking advantage of him.
Elias knew Walid was jealous of him.
Elias knew exactly what that girl was experiencing.
Elias knew his dog would protect him.
Elias knew immediately that he was in danger.
Elias knew immediately what had just happened.
Elias knew that Sandra already had feelings for him.
Elias knew that his wife was cheating on him.
Elias knighted his robot.
Elias left Sandra when she was pregnant with their child.
Elias left the apartment, too.
Elias left the curtain open.
Elias left the tent.
Elias let out a heavy sigh.
Elias liked to drive a different car every day to feel satisfied.
Elias listened to the conversation.
Elias lived an hour away from Sandra.
Elias lived in a rundown slum in the city.
Elias lived in a simple house in a rural area.
Elias lived in a small university town.
Elias lived in a two-bedroom trailer.
Elias lived in an area that was very heavily wooded.
Elias lived in an isolated house in the middle of a desert.
Elias lived in the basement.
Elias lived in the middle of the desert.
Elias lived in wildlife country.
Elias lived quite a few stations away from his aunt.
Elias lives in an apartment over a burger restaurant.
Elias lives in the real world.
Elias lives next to a really thick forest.
Elias looked around for a bit.
Elias looked at Sandra and said hello.
Elias looked at Sandra, then looked back down.
Elias looked at the teenagers, then looked away.
Elias looked away as we passed each other.
Elias looked directly into the flashlight.
Elias looked more than a boss than his actual boss did.
Elias looked out into the distance.
Elias looked out the window before he took out the trash.
Elias looked outside his window.
Elias looked over to his friend.
Elias looked quite a bit older.
Elias looked really stiff.
Elias looked straight at Sandra.
Elias looks like he's really hurt.
Elias lost all his documents and supplies.
Elias lost something he liked.
Elias loved those low-hanging trees.
Elias made Sandra choose to resign herself.
Elias made Sandra detest Walid more than before.
Elias made Sandra feel very uncomfortable right away.
Elias made Sandra realize there was something wrong.
Elias made Sandra's Shawi dress even prettier.
Elias made Sandra's new Shawi dress even prettier than the old one.
Elias made a U-turn to come back.
Elias made a basic mistakes.
Elias made a report.
Elias made a very bad impression on Sandra.
Elias made his way back to Sandra's room.
Elias made his way to the parking lot.
Elias made sure the window was locked.
Elias made the teenagers leave.
Elias made up weird stories about that house.
Elias managed to break away.
Elias manipulated Sandra's mind and made her fall in love with him.
Elias might need a bit of help.
Elias missed his home terribly.
Elias named the river after Sandra.
Elias nearly shat himself.
Elias needed more pictures.
Elias needed to calm down a bit.
Elias needed to get some sleep.
Elias needed to think about it.
Elias needs a little time to cool off.
Elias needs to get out now.
Elias never regretted that.
Elias never saw that boy again.
Elias never socializes.
Elias never takes that road.
Elias no longer destested Sandra.
Elias noticed a car and a man on the ground.
Elias noticed a man on crutches in front of him.
Elias noticed something odd.
Elias noticed the curtain on the door window.
Elias noticed the girl in front of her.
Elias offered to help and Sandra couldn't refuse.
Elias only comes home once a month.
Elias only had himself to blame for his problems.
Elias only regretted not doing that to Sandra earlier.
Elias opened the cells of the other inmates.
Elias opened the door and jumped inside his house.
Elias ordered the guard to confiscate Sandra's phone.
Elias owned a pasture and dozens of cows.
Elias owned antique paintings.
Elias paid a hefty sum of compensation money.
Elias painted a lot.
Elias passed the Algerian border.
Elias passed us by.
Elias played sports regularly.
Elias posted those videos of Sandra and Walid so that everyone would laugh at them.
Elias prepared a romantic dinner for Sandra.
Elias prepared for a long ride.
Elias prepared to kill Sandra.
Elias produced his ticket and showed it to the conductor.
Elias promised to find Sandra.
Elias proposed to Sandra that they work together to find Walid.
Elias pulled back his curtain.
Elias pulled his hand away and walked away.
Elias pulled off to the side of the road.
Elias pulled out his pocketknife.
Elias pulled pack his jacket and showed off Sandra a pistol tucked in his pants.
Elias pulled the curtain closed.
Elias pursued Sandra and caught her.
Elias put his stuff in the truck.
Elias put on his shoes to take his dog for a walk.
Elias quickly made his old man sell the house.
Elias quickly merged to the left lane.
Elias quickly moved over to the other side.
Elias quickly moved to the opposite area of the room.
Elias quickly pushed Sandra against the wall and kissed her.
Elias quietly whispered something to Sandra.
Elias raced to the back door to see what was up.
Elias ran Sandra off the road into a ravine.
Elias ran after money and ended up marrying Sandra.
Elias ran into an old co-worker at the gas station.
Elias ran out of the showers.
Elias ran over there.
Elias ran through the train car, laughing.
Elias reached into his bag and fumbled around.
Elias read some guide books.
Elias realized how important the mission was for Sandra.
Elias realized that Sandra wasn't his daughter.
Elias realized that he was doing the wrong thing.
Elias received a phone call.
Elias received another call.
Elias recognized Sandra's name on the check.
Elias recognized how pure and saintly Sandra was.
Elias recognized the racing car Sandra had driven to the company.
Elias redesigned that dress.
Elias regained his spirit.
Elias reluctantly signed the contract.
Elias rented that room.
Elias repeatedly hit Sandra in the face.
Elias returned home every day.
Elias returned the photo to Sandra.
Elias returned to his life as Sandra had never appeared.
Elias returned to his office.
Elias returned to the crime scene the next morning to investigate.
Elias rushed back to the truck.
Elias rushed inside.
Elias rushed out of the toilet stall, passed the security guard and ran away.
Elias said he needed to take a piss and walked off.
Elias said he needed to think about it and left.
Elias said he would dedicate a game to Sandra.
Elias sang his own songs at the school concert.
Elias sank deeper into the darkness of the hole.
Elias sat in the dining room for an hour.
Elias sat in the truck for a while.
Elias sat near the river.
Elias sat nervously on the dining chair.
Elias sat on a stool.
Elias sat underneath a shady tree on a bench.
Elias saved us all.
Elias saw Sandra coming back.
Elias saw Sandra leave the food place.
Elias saw Sandra leave with her brand-new car.
Elias saw Sandra smiling.
Elias saw Sandra wearing those clothes the next day.
Elias saw Sandra when she was grabbin food.
Elias saw a bunch of his classmates.
Elias saw a five-foot figure disappearing in the trees.
Elias saw a human hand attempting to grab his arm.
Elias saw a very familiar face.
Elias saw another note under a stone.
Elias saw clearly how Sandra pulled the trigger.
Elias saw grass shuffling around.
Elias saw his dad coming.
Elias saw something moving under the table.
Elias saw the scene.
Elias scared the dogs.
Elias screamed all sorts of gibberish.
Elias screamed his dog's name over and over.
Elias screamed so loudly.
Elias searched for Sandra for months and months.
Elias seemed a little bit miserable when Sandra left.
Elias seemed extremely quiet.
Elias seemed lost in thought.
Elias seemed to have found an advantageous path in his life.
Elias sent Sandra a beautiful Shawi dress.
Elias sent his dad to a nursing home.
Elias should be here by now.
Elias should have called before.
Elias shouldn't go home alone tonight.
Elias shouted that Walid has been bossing him around for years.
Elias showed Sandra how to lock and unlock the pepper spray.
Elias showed up one night with a bouquet.
Elias slammed his Bud can on the counter.
Elias slipped inside the barn.
Elias smirked and pointed behind Sandra. She turned around and saw the principal.
Elias snatched his arm back.
Elias snuck into the showers and stole Walid's bag.
Elias snuck into the swimming pool.
Elias snuck out from between two of the cars.
Elias sold all his paintings for a ridiculously low price.
Elias sold his dad's house.
Elias sold those paintings.
Elias sped up a bit.
Elias sped up as much as he could.
Elias spent hours playing in the forest.
Elias spent hours riding horses.
Elias spent more time with his friends.
Elias spent the night there.
Elias spoke many Native American languages and could communicate with the locals.
Elias sprinted out from behind his car and jumped into the bed of Sandra's truck.
Elias stared at the window.
Elias started breathing normally again.
Elias started crying like a baby.
Elias started exploring the barn.
Elias started going between the cars.
Elias started hitting on Sandra on her first day at the new school.
Elias started shooting arrows at the attackers.
Elias started stuttering and making excuses.
Elias started talking about how easily he could have his way with Sandra.
Elias started to feel sick to his stomach.
Elias started to feel some relief.
Elias started to grow nervous.
Elias started to look at the resume.
Elias started to talk to the young lady like he knew her.
Elias started to wear elegant suits.
Elias started walking forward.
Elias started working right away.
Elias stayed in the corner of the elevator.
Elias stepped forward to solve everything.
Elias stepped into a land that was familiar.
Elias stepped out of the darkness and smiled at Sandra.
Elias still didn't emerge.
Elias still hasn't returned home yet.
Elias still loved and missed Sandra's mother.
Elias stole the costume for one night.
Elias stole the costume of the drama club for Sandra.
Elias stood there like an idiot.
Elias stood up on the stage.
Elias stopped again and got out of his truck.
Elias stopped at the next station.
Elias stopped walking altogether.
Elias struggled to find a solution.
Elias struggled to survive.
Elias stumbled backwards and fell down.
Elias successfully humiliated Sandra.
Elias suddenly appeared out of nowhere.
Elias survived on snacks.
Elias swiftly left.
Elias teased Sandra about that.
Elias texted Walid, pretending to be a cute girl named Sandra.
Elias thought Sandra was being ridiculous.
Elias thought about calling the cops.
Elias thought the TV was broken.
Elias threw down his cigarette and left.
Elias told Sandra a story from his childhood.
Elias told Sandra about Skura's betrayal.
Elias told Sandra about that strange experience.
Elias told Sandra he could do that without her.
Elias told Sandra not to get involved.
Elias told Sandra so many times not to argue with Skura.
Elias told Sandra that she had to stop making up stories.
Elias told Sandra to fuck off and blocked her on all social media.
Elias told Sandra to go to the back door of the cafe.
Elias told Sandra to run.
Elias told his parents everything he had seen.
Elias told the office about the calls.
Elias took Sandra to a garage where his car was.
Elias took Sandra's umbrella and walked her home.
Elias took an innocent person hostage.
Elias took his flashlight and walked back over to that place.
Elias took off down the street with Sandra's dog chasing after him.
Elias took off on a hurry.
Elias took off running.
Elias took out a gun and shot Sandra in the head.
Elias took pictures of the old train.
Elias took responsibility for it.
Elias took the box inside.
Elias took the kitten to a cat shelter.
Elias took the phone hidden in the cell and called the detective.
Elias took the wad of cash and stuffed it into his pocket.
Elias treated his wounds.
Elias tried his best to pull John off of Sandra.
Elias tried not to show any emotion.
Elias tried once again and Sandra still didn't pick up.
Elias tried to appear calm.
Elias tried to avoid Sandra's gaze as much as possible.
Elias tried to initiate some small talk.
Elias tried to kill anyone who ever dared to enter the abandoned house where he lived.
Elias tried to kiss his wife, but she was uninterested.
Elias tried to look pitiful.
Elias tried to open the door as well.
Elias tried to scare Sandra one time.
Elias tried to stay clear from Sandra.
Elias tried to throw the garbage into the dumpster.
Elias turned around to leave.
Elias turned off his headlights.
Elias turned that into an opportunity to scare Sandra.
Elias used those details to his advantage.
Elias used to always be really curious about that place.
Elias used to be a star forty years ago.
Elias used to spend a lot of time exploring those hills.
Elias ventured outside.
Elias waited for Sandra at the door.
Elias waited for Sandra to come back out.
Elias waited until Sandra left before making his way back to his truck.
Elias waited until it was around midnight.
Elias walked Sandra to the front door.
Elias walked as quickly as he could.
Elias walked back alone to his truck.
Elias walked down that street and disappeared down a random corner.
Elias walked in with a cup of coffee in his hand.
Elias walked into the chief's teepee.
Elias walked out of that room.
Elias walked over the footbridge and made his way into the tunnel.
Elias walked straight into Sandra's zone and sat right infront of her.
Elias walked to the parking lot.
Elias walked up to us and started talking.
Elias walked up to us to greet Sandra.
Elias walks to most places he visits.
Elias wanted Sandra to pay a higher price.
Elias wanted to crawl into a hole to escape that embarrassment.
Elias wanted to do something to scare Sandra.
Elias wanted to get some sleep.
Elias wanted to go for a drive to the hills.
Elias wanted to go inside.
Elias wanted to live in harmony with Sandra.
Elias wanted to make Sandra to taste the bitterness of abandonment.
Elias wanted to make his tribe proud.
Elias wanted to play a game with Sandra.
Elias wanted to successfully extricate himself out of the system.
Elias wants Sandra all to himself.
Elias wants to wear the outfit.
Elias was a bit far from Sandra.
Elias was a guy richer than his boss.
Elias was a little hesitant.
Elias was a pervert.
Elias was able to get a good night's sleep.
Elias was able to save most of the supplies and the documents.
Elias was about to kill himself.
Elias was actually watching Sandra.
Elias was afraid the gang would go after Sandra because she had helped him.
Elias was already tired.
Elias was also a skilled mathematician, and his work in statistics helped to advance the field of data analysis.
Elias was always a fan of scary movies.
Elias was always awesome.
Elias was annoyed by a group of teenagers.
Elias was annoyed by the messy storage room.
Elias was approached by a senior FSB officer who offered him a job.
Elias was approached by a tall gaunt man.
Elias was assigned to Sandra's department.
Elias was at home with his siblings.
Elias was at the window, looking in at Sandra.
Elias was being held hostage.
Elias was blushing with shyness.
Elias was born in the Shoshone tribe.
Elias was camping out in the woods.
Elias was closer to Sandra than Walid was.
Elias was completely stunned by Sandra's place.
Elias was convinced that he was going to win the case.
Elias was covering his face.
Elias was driving through a tunnel.
Elias was eating exquisite dishes.
Elias was even more enamored with Sandra.
Elias was exhausted and battling the remnants of a flu he picked up in Casablanca.
Elias was extremely embarrassed.
Elias was fascinated by Sandra's beauty.
Elias was fascinated by the workings of the human body and spent many years studying anatomy and physiology.
Elias was fearless and brave.
Elias was finally home.
Elias was fuming when he found Sandra in his office.
Elias was fuming with anger.
Elias was furious when he saw Sandra on the porch.
Elias was gifted in sowing and fashion design.
Elias was given the chance to live there.
Elias was giving Sandra a really scary look.
Elias was glaring at Sandra a lot.
Elias was growling into the pillow.
Elias was held there against his will.
Elias was hiding underneath a fallen tree.
Elias was holding the dead body of an animal that Sandra assumed to be a cat.
Elias was in a carriage.
Elias was in the bed of the truck.
Elias was in there with Sandra.
Elias was increasingly shaken up.
Elias was indeed Sandra's husband.
Elias was informed that Sandra had escaped from prison.
Elias was intent on hurting Sandra that night.
Elias was invited to Sandra's mansion more often.
Elias was just a rich kid.
Elias was just as confused as Sandra was.
Elias was just joking though.
Elias was kicked out of the house with his belongings.
Elias was known as the "Brave Eagle" who could do anything.
Elias was living in an old broken-down building.
Elias was looking behind him the whole time.
Elias was looking confused.
Elias was looking down the driveway with concern.
Elias was looking for a good place to turn around.
Elias was looking for anything that could creep him out to entertain him.
Elias was making his dinner.
Elias was making it hard.
Elias was mistaken for a student wandering around campus.
Elias was nearly isolated.
Elias was never able to do that.
Elias was not brave enough to climb a tree.
Elias was not really Sandra's half-brother.
Elias was not too proud to admit that he chicked out immediately.
Elias was obviously disturbed.
Elias was off work.
Elias was our mutual friend.
Elias was out doing something.
Elias was out of sight.
Elias was pacing back and forth on the sidewalk.
Elias was particularly tired.
Elias was passing by.
Elias was passing through a thick forest.
Elias was picked up and dropped off by Sandra.
Elias was placed in solitary confinement.
Elias was pretty unbothered by seeing that homeless guy.
Elias was quite loud.
Elias was ready to set off on an adventure of a lifetime.
Elias was really carefree when he walked down that dark street in the middle of the night.
Elias was really confused at that point.
Elias was really fascinated by that house.
Elias was reliant on Sandra.
Elias was rescued by the divers.
Elias was rich and arrogant.
Elias was riding in the bed of the truck.
Elias was running down the dark and empty road.
Elias was running on all fours straight at Sandra.
Elias was scared Sandra was going to break the glass.
Elias was sheltering from the rain under a loquat tree.
Elias was sitting quietly.
Elias was sleeping on the top bunk.
Elias was slightly startled.
Elias was slobbering all over.
Elias was smiling at his own foolishness.
Elias was so mean to Sandra.
Elias was so tall.
Elias was so thankful to Sandra.
Elias was so tired he didn't really think much about it.
Elias was so wealthy.
Elias was standing at the edge of the world.
Elias was standing outside the house.
Elias was standing right in front of Sandra, grinning.
Elias was standing right outside the barn.
Elias was staring into Sandra's window from the opposite sidewalk.
Elias was staring out into the yard.
Elias was staying at his grandma's for the night.
Elias was staying in there for quite a while.
Elias was still following Sandra, but she tried to remain calm.
Elias was still out there, waiting by the ice machine.
Elias was still very uneasy.
Elias was struggling to cross the road.
Elias was stuck in the middle of that dark area.
Elias was stunned to see Sandra.
Elias was suddenly whipped out of his trance by a strange noise.
Elias was supposed to meet Sandra at that cafe.
Elias was sure Sandra was following him.
Elias was sure he was going to be murdered.
Elias was sweating like a pig.
Elias was taken to jail.
Elias was taking his time.
Elias was talking about things he thought might scare Sandra.
Elias was teasing his friens mercilessly for being such cowards.
Elias was terrified with enormous pressure on his shoulders.
Elias was the chairman's son.
Elias was tied to a chair.
Elias was touched by Sandra's care when he had a fever.
Elias was transferred to another school.
Elias was trying his best to find how to get out of the elevator.
Elias was trying to peek underneath the door.
Elias was trying to push the door into the lock.
Elias was trying to think fast.
Elias was unable to find the killer.
Elias was unhappy to have someone invading his home.
Elias was up all night.
Elias was waiting by the door with all of his stuff in his hand.
Elias was waiting for the police to get there.
Elias was walking alone on the road.
Elias was walking around the barn.
Elias was walking home from the train station.
Elias was walking the opposite direction from Sandra.
Elias was walking up and down the road in front of Sandra's house.
Elias was walking way too close beside Sandra.
Elias was walking with a friend.
Elias was walking with a limp.
Elias was wanted for numerous sexual offenses on minors.
Elias was watching a Disney cartoon.
Elias was watching the show.
Elias was wearing the sweater backwards.
Elias was writing for a magazine.
Elias wasn't able to open the doors.
Elias wasn't as fast as Sandra.
Elias wasn't even as good as a receptionist.
Elias wasn't expecting anyone to call back.
Elias wasn't going to like that motel very much.
Elias wasn't going to work out.
Elias wasn't really seeing anything.
Elias wasn't that concerned.
Elias wasn't there yet.
Elias wasn't too happy with Sanda and Walid hanging out.
Elias wasn't weak and fragile anymore.
Elias wasn't working out. He was just taking some mirror selfies.
Elias waved at us.
Elias weirded the homeless guy out.
Elias went directly to the police.
Elias went down to the gym.
Elias went further down the track.
Elias went inside the train.
Elias went through an amazing journey.
Elias went to Sandra's old school.
Elias went to a convenience store a few blocks from his home.
Elias went to find Sandra.
Elias went to jail for the attack.
Elias went to sleep in his room.
Elias went to that room.
Elias went to the hospital to look for Sandra.
Elias went to the kitchen to make his midnight snack.
Elias went to the museum with Sandra.
Elias went to the prison.
Elias went to the roof and looked around.
Elias went to therapy for that.
Elias went up to the roof of the cafe.
Elias will always miss Mom the same way we miss her.
Elias will be back from Algeria today.
Elias will be in his room.
Elias will be waiting for Sandra at the cafe today.
Elias will buy another apartment for Sandra.
Elias will call Sandra in fifteen minutes.
Elias will come back to find Sandra.
Elias will have enough money to marry Sandra.
Elias will make sacrifices.
Elias will meet up with his friends later.
Elias will miss Sandra to death.
Elias will move mountains.
Elias will never leave his room again.
Elias will never leave the house ever again.
Elias will persuade his dad.
Elias will regret receiving those gifts.
Elias will surely recognize Sandra.
Elias will tell his dad about it in the morning.
Elias winked at Sandra and kissed her on the lips.
Elias wished Sandra hell.
Elias woke up and went to the kitchen to make himself some coffee.
Elias woke up because someone was patting him on the shoulder.
Elias won't accept anything from a stranger.
Elias won't have to come in today. We don't need him.
Elias wore ridiculous clothes.
Elias wore the latest version of the sneakers.
Elias worked with a new CEO.
Elias works at an office.
Elias works full time at a university.
Elias would be able to do anything to Sandra.
Elias would never meet strangers.
Elias yanked Sandra out of the car.
Elias yanked Sandra's necklace.
Elias yelled at Sandra to leave him alone.
Elias's Twitter account is up to this very day.
Elias's apology won't fix the things he has done.
Elias's car fell into the freezing water.
Elias's caravan was being attacked.
Elias's city was known for not being the safest.
Elias's dedication to science was evident in his meticulous attention to detail and his willingness to repeat experiments until he achieved accurate results.
Elias's dog continued to growl.
Elias's dog followed behind him like she always did.
Elias's dog had no sense of smell.
Elias's dog is extremely protective of our family.
Elias's dog lost its sense of smell.
Elias's dog started barking at night.
Elias's dog was a very sweet loving dog.
Elias's existence was erased forever.
Elias's experience has been predominantly positive.
Elias's eyes were chilling to Sandra.
Elias's face immediately went back to blank and expressionless.
Elias's face was cut out of the photo.
Elias's face was truly a gift bestowed by God.
Elias's father abandoned his mother and him.
Elias's hair was combed.
Elias's handsome face has brought him many positives.
Elias's journey was finished.
Elias's lack of reaction seemed to anger Sandra.
Elias's legacy continues to inspire future generations of scientists and researchers.
Elias's life changed because of an incident at work.
Elias's meal was a lobster with caviar.
Elias's mental strength was only skin-deep.
Elias's parents went on a vacation together.
Elias's phone rang once again.
Elias's profession is a model.
Elias's safety means everything to Sandra.
Elias's secretary, Sandra, walked in.
Elias's siblings were napping in the bedroom.
Elias's sister was quite a looker.
Elias's soldiers attacked the caravan and freed Sandra.
Elias's style was flamboyant.
Elias's truck was going around a turn.
Elias's uncle was pretty close to him in terms of age.
Elias's weapon was never used.
Elias's willingness to take risks and think outside the box allowed him to make groundbreaking discoveries that changed the course of history.
Elias's windows looked out directly to the fence.
Elias's windows were smashed in.
Elias's work reminds us that science is not just a collection of facts, but a way of thinking and exploring that can lead to great discoveries and innovations.
Elias? I can't believe my eyes! I'm so happy to see you here!
Eliezer Ben-Yehuda contributed much to the renewal of the ancient language and to its adaptation to the everyday needs of the modern world.
Eligible applicants are being notified.
Eligible community members are encouraged to submit their applications online.
Elijah Muhammad isn't the messenger of God.
Elijah explored the forest trails.
Elijah is a prophet of God.
Elijah planted a vegetable garden.
Elijah was a prophet of God.
Elimelech, Naomi’s husband, died, and she was left with her two sons.
Eliminate extraneous punctuation.
Eliminate procrastination by starting your homework as soon as possible.
Eliminate.
Eliminated by desire of the author.
Eliminating HFCs worldwide would avoid half a degree Celsius of global warming, as they are among the most potent contributors to climate change.
Eliminating the deficit will be a hard nut to crack.
Eliminating the deficit will be a very difficult job.
Elisa has enrolled in the anatomy department.
Elisa is at work. Her children are at school.
Elisa, go put on a different skirt!
Elisabeth was prone to bouts of melancholy.
Elite gymnastics is uncommon in this part of the world, and is dwarfed in popularity by sports like soccer, rugby and cricket.
Elite soldiers are almost always selected among the special forces.
Elite soldiers are trained even harder than most special forces.
Elite soldiers might be trained in secret locations.
Eliyahu is a prophet of God.
Eliyahu was a prophet of God.
Eliza is crying.
Eliza's not Oriental.
Elizabeth Banks is Ziri's favorite actress.
Elizabeth I became the Queen of England in 1558.
Elizabeth II is the Queen of England.
Elizabeth Mwesigwa is Uganda’s para-badminton champion and the second highest-ranking player in Africa.
Elizabeth Sherr had always had a passion for the ocean since she was young so trying to clean up the trash that litters beaches and the sea seemed a natural move.
Elizabeth Sherr had always had a passion for the ocean since she was young.
Elizabeth Taylor was incredibly beautiful.
Elizabeth did not say a single word.
Elizabeth feels that she is living in a post-apocalyptic Hollywood movie.
Elizabeth got maced.
Elizabeth had grown into a fine young woman.
Elizabeth immediately began playing again.
Elizabeth is independent of her parents.
Elizabeth is the Queen of England.
Elizabeth killed Alister in cold blood.
Elizabeth killed him.
Elizabeth the second is the queen of England.
Elizabeth was delighted.
Elizabethan English is like a foreign language to modern English speakers.
Elke is a feminine given name that means "of noble birth".
Elkhorn corals are listed as threatened under the U.S. Endangered Species Act.
Ella baked a scrumptious pie.
Ella drew a cute cartoon character.
Ella jumped enthusiastically.
Ella steered a course through the asteroid field.
Ellen Wong is a Cambodian-Canadian actress who is well known in Hollywood.
Ellen does not speak English.
Ellen doesn't speak Welsh.
Ellen likes to play tennis, too.
Ellen was so tired that she went to bed early.
Ellen was white with shock.
Ellie Cutright, who has loved rats all her life, works on the APOPO research team.
Ellie Heath stands next to some of her designs - made of recycled fabrics and adorned with her distinctive artistic touch.
Ellie Heath stands next to some of her designs - repurposed jeans jackets adorned with her distinctive artistic touch.
Ellie and Dina are best friends.
Ellie credits her mother for encouraging her and her siblings to develop their artistic skills.
Ellie feels stiff after yesterday's long bike ride.
Ellie has many dreams. She wants to be an elementary teacher and be able to spread the joy of creativity among children.
Ellie is very feminine.
Ellie loves that poet. She knows many of his poems by heart.
Ellie reads five books a week.
Ellie walked the rainswept streets home, watching each set of traffic lights along her route change from red, to amber, to green.
Ellie walked the rainswept streets home.
Ellie was killed by a ghost in the toilet at the Saidah Tower.
Elliot Rogers was conventionally good-looking, but incel rhetoric got into his head to the point where he believed he was hopelessly unattractive.
Ellipses can make a sentence more mysterious...
Ellipses have so much to hide....
Elliptical bicycles are a good option for exercising indoors.
Elliptical galaxies contain older stars and very little gas and dust. They vary in their shape from round to flattened, elongated spheres.
Elmira is always having a row with her neighbour.
Elmore James got nothin' on this, baby.
Elmore James got nothin’ on this, baby.
Elon Musk bans people from Twitter for criticizing him even slightly; he is not a "free speech absolutist."
Elon Musk bought Twitter for way more than what Disney bought the rights to Star Wars for.
Elon Musk buys the rights to things other people invented and claims he invented them.
Elon Musk called a guy a pedo just for telling him his help wasn't needed.
Elon Musk cares more about the "woke mind virus" than actual deadly viruses.
Elon Musk could buy and sell the Rothschilds.
Elon Musk couldn't even name all his children.
Elon Musk deadnames his own daughter but wants everyone to start calling Twitter "X."
Elon Musk despises unions more than almost anything, which explains why he wants to build colonies in space so badly: he wants places with no labor laws.
Elon Musk didn't start PayPal or Tesla.
Elon Musk embodies the conservative propaganda tactic of calling everyone who crosses you a pedophile.
Elon Musk had nothing to do with Twitter, but he has the ability to destroy it for everyone.
Elon Musk has angered Zelensky.
Elon Musk has banned numerous Chinese dissidents from Twitter, likely due to the leverage Chinese banks have over him.
Elon Musk has banned numerous left-wing accounts from Twitter for no reason.
Elon Musk has been courting antisemites because he knows as long as people are distracted by phantom Jewish conspiracies, they won't be focusing on his immense wealth and power.
Elon Musk has never invented anything.
Elon Musk has proven capitalism to be a farce.
Elon Musk has received permission to experiment with implanting chips in people's heads.
Elon Musk has worked very hard at earning people's hate.
Elon Musk hates Wikipedia because he prefers when users generate money for him instead of something useful to each other.
Elon Musk invented Twitter.
Elon Musk is a Nazi.
Elon Musk is a South African businessman.
Elon Musk is a straight white cis man.
Elon Musk is also himself a psychopath.
Elon Musk is also just a puppet, a clown; he plays a role like most politicians.
Elon Musk is as elite and powerful as a person gets.
Elon Musk is laughing at the dead deer.
Elon Musk is proof that not everyone with money deserves it.
Elon Musk is running Twitter into the ground, so of course he blames the Jews.
Elon Musk is the CEO of Tesla and SpaceX.
Elon Musk isn't competent to take anyone to Mars; he has proven this.
Elon Musk killed high-speed rail in California by making false promises to build something he claimed would be better.
Elon Musk must feel a degree of kinship with Donald Trump, as both are absolute frauds.
Elon Musk neither knows anything about climate change nor cares about it.
Elon Musk plays a role–the role of the sympathetic billionaire.
Elon Musk pretends to care about kids, but his children hate him.
Elon Musk should pay taxes.
Elon Musk thinks society should endlessly debate whether genocide is bad.
Elon Musk thought COVID would be over by April of 2020.
Elon Musk used his inherited apartheid emerald mining money to buy up companies and claim to have "founded" them.
Elon Musk used money he didn't earn to buy a site he had nothing to do with building and impose his personal whims on it.
Elon Musk uses psychopaths to acquire more power for himself, which is why he is actively trying to eliminate mass block lists on Twitter, to give his fans easier access to victims.
Elon Musk wants a slave labor colony on Mars, free from the constraints of any country's laws.
Elon Musk was booed by what should have been a friendly crowd at a Dave Chappelle show.
Elon Musk was born in Pretoria, South Africa.
Elon Musk was born rich on account of his family's gemstone mining business in Zambia.
Elon Musk was born with an emerald spoon in his mouth.
Elon Musk was friends with Ghislaine Maxwell.
Elon Musk went to the University of Pennsylvania.
Elon Musk would never lie.
Elon Musk's "peace plan" was just giving Russia what it wanted.
Elon Musk's Twitter complies with far more government censorship requests now than under previous ownership.
Elon Musk's Twitter deplatformed the entire country of Ukraine.
Elon Musk's businesses are far more "government-funded" than NPR is.
Elon Musk's family owned an emerald mining operation in Zambia.
Elon Musk's far-right takeover of Twitter has been a bigger disaster than anyone anticipated.
Elon Musk's psychopathic campaign against remote work played a big role in the death toll from COVID.
Elon fucked up Twitter.
Elon got bored with Hyperloop and moved onto other castles in the air.
Elon had reinstated Donald Trump's Twitter account.
Elon has his fanboys trained to congratulate him even when his rocket blows up.
Elon is the biggest charlatan of the 21st century.
Elon isn't going to put anyone on Mars; he can't even run a social media company.
Elon's Twitter is frantically trying to remove video of him being booed from the site.
Elon's company isn't even building his dumb tunnels; they're just promising them and never delivering.
Elsa and Clive are experts at splicing together genes of different species for research into new, life-saving medicines; but the line they dare not cross is to splice human genetic material into an experiment.
Elsa was anxious to learn all she could, but Kisika much preferred childish games to anything else.
Elsewhere on his travels, the ambassador says, he found San Francisco to be more like Europe than other American cities, and reminiscent of Amsterdam’s “artsy, slightly anarchistic” atmosphere.
Elsewhere the doors are closed.
Elsewhere we watch large ocean predators and tiny denizens of the sea like the strangely alien nudibranch and Christmas tree worms.
Elsewhere, are the rose, Bastard Corinths, the Elder and the Juniper. Also the vine, which puts out branches and tendrils, vine leaves and bunches of grapes, on the stalk of which are grapes, which contain grape stones.
Elsila and her team will look for the molecules, such as formaldehyde or hydrogen cyanide, that form amino acids to shed light on the primordial chemistry of the solar system.
Elsisi was reelected to a second four-year term in March 2018.
Elul is the last month in the Hebrew calendar.
Elves are Santa's little helpers.
Elves are Santa’s little helpers.
Elves are depicted very inconsistently across fictional universes.
Elves are nearly extinct.
Elves are often leery of outsiders.
Elves are very beautiful.
Elves are very mean.
Elves have a strong connection to nature.
Elves have been fighting the dwarves for centuries.
Elves have pointy ears.
Elves live in the forest.
Elves live longer than humans.
Elves love to sing.
Elves, dwarves, trolls and fairies live in harmony with humans.
Elvis Costello is a demigod of new wave music.
Elvis Presley is alive!
Elvis Presley is one of the most famous singers.
Elvis Presley was a rockstar.
Elvis died on the toilet.
Elvis has left the building.
Elvis is alive!
Elvis lives!
Elvis' is a great place to go dancing.
Elyassi placed second in this Washington tournament, good enough to qualify for Team Universe, a national level tournament held in mid-July. But second place is not good enough for Elyassi. Just two days after the tournament, she was back in the gym.
Em dashes were named after Dorothy's aunt.
Em dashes were named after Dorothy’s aunt.
Email apnea happens while holding your breath when reading emails.
Email it to me.
Emails have started suddenly disappearing from my inbox.
Emanuel Lasker (1868-1941), German mathematician and chess player, second world chess champion, was the one who kept this title for the longest time: 27 years (1894-1921).
Embarrassed, Mary tried to avert her eyes when she accidentally walked in on her brother and saw his willy.
Embarrassed, Tom backed away.
Embarrassment is an emotional state of intense discomfort with oneself, experienced upon having a socially unacceptable act or condition.
Embarrassment is easier to handle than regret.
Embarrassment prevents me from asking such questions.
Embezzle money? I wouldn't put it past her.
Embezzlement isn't victimless crime.
Embrace challenges as opportunities.
Embrace change in your thoughts.
Embrace diversity and inclusivity in your interactions.
Embrace life!
Embrace me.
Embrace new challenges as opportunities for growth.
Embrace the beauty of nature by going for a walk and noticing the small wonders around you.
Embrace the chaos.
Embrace unconventional thoughts.
Embrace your children and tell them you love them.
Embrace your dreams.
Embrace your duties instead of avoiding them.
Embrace your vulnerability, feel your fear, love fully.
Embrace your weirdness.
Embrace, extend, and extinguish.
Embracing cultural diversity and fostering intercultural dialogue can help challenge the belief in Western cultural superiority and promote a more inclusive and equitable understanding of the world.
Embracing differences can strengthen our respect for each other.
Embracing differences is important.
Embracing different ideas is important.
Embracing different opinions supports mental health.
Embracing different thoughts is wise.
Embracing diversity enriches our experiences.
Embracing my true identity brings me peace.
Embracing one's own sexual preferences is a healthy way to live an authentic and fulfilling life.
Emel, come home.
Emergency crews in the Gulf of Mexico are deploying containment booms along the U.S. coastline as a massive oil slick from a damaged deepwater well approaches land.
Emergency exits must be kept free of blockages for public safety.
Emergency officials dealing with the eruption are turning their focus to the aptly named village of Volcano, where dozens of small earthquakes shake the ground every hour as Kilauea undergoes dramatic changes.
Emergency preparedness requires planning.
Emergency rooms are experiencing a surge in admissions due to gunshot wounds.
Emergency services are still looking through the rubble for survivors.
Emergency services were hampered by onlookers.
Emergency water rescuers told vacationers on hot, sandy beaches—from Swinoujscie in the west to Gdynia in the east—not to enter the sea, where thick, green-brown cyanobacteria colonies have grown and pose a health threat.
Emeritus Professor Andrew Blakers at the university’s College of Engineering, Computing and Cybernetics told VOA the process involves transferring water between two reservoirs or lakes at different elevations.
Emese lives in Hungary.
Emet dislikes that woman.
Emet doesn't like that woman.
Emet is very interested in soccer, but simply does not know how to play.
Emet sat at my bedside for ten hours.
Emet wasn't able to move those books.
Emet wasn’t able to move those books.
Emet's about fifty now.
Emet, we need more meat!
Emetics are usually not used to treat poisoning anymore; now we use activated charcoal.
Emi danced the best out of the three daughters.
Emi danced the best out of the three girls.
Emi danced the most beautifully of the three girls.
Emi gave her seat to a handicapped man.
Emi had her mother make a dress.
Emi has never written a letter.
Emi is a good girl.
Emi looks happy.
Emi ordered herself a new dress.
Emi was surprised at the nice present.
Emi will study English.
Emika couldn't stand vanilla sex. It had to be kinky, or nothing.
Emiko is my friend.
Emiko never thinks about others' feelings and always says things too bluntly, so everyone hates her.
Emil is reading a large red book.
Emil likes carrot soup with wheat bread.
Emile Durkheim argued that deviance was necessary for a society to function.
Emile probably won't see his money again.
Emili is pretty.
Emilia comes in.
Emilia is calling for me.
Emilia is sad today.
Emilia is the mother of Marcus, Quintus and Julia.
Emilien wants to eat fried prickly pears.
Emilio di Cavalieri was a Renaissance composer.
Emily accepted the offer.
Emily and Kate are friends.
Emily and Melanie are English.
Emily and Melanie are close friends.
Emily answered the question correctly.
Emily asked a question.
Emily asked me a question.
Emily ate an apple.
Emily ate an orange.
Emily ate tofu at dinner.
Emily bought a new computer.
Emily bought a packet of crisps.
Emily bought a vinyl record by her favourite artist.
Emily brewed a strong coffee.
Emily broke her phone.
Emily built a treehouse in her garden.
Emily calls anyone she doesn't like fascists.
Emily came across an old toy.
Emily can compose her own songs.
Emily can swim.
Emily can't eat ground meat.
Emily cares about her beauty.
Emily cheered up when she saw her favourite artist on stage.
Emily decided to leave the school.
Emily discovered her passion for art in Florence.
Emily flashed her smile at him.
Emily flashed her smile at them.
Emily flashed her smile at us.
Emily gave me a free hug.
Emily goes to school.
Emily goes to sleep at 10 o'clock at night.
Emily goes to the local school.
Emily hails from a small village near Liverpool.
Emily has English roots on her father's side.
Emily has a beautiful face.
Emily has a friend named Melanie.
Emily has a great sense of humor.
Emily has a sweet tooth.
Emily has been learning German for five years.
Emily has blonde hair.
Emily has blue eyes.
Emily has brown hair.
Emily has friends from various countries.
Emily has no money.
Emily has such a sweet tooth she never refuses candy.
Emily has to buy a new swimsuit because the old swimsuit has become too tight.
Emily hates climbing.
Emily hates onions.
Emily hates toilets.
Emily hugged me.
Emily is English.
Emily is a Canadian citizen.
Emily is a college student.
Emily is a high school student.
Emily is a mother.
Emily is a mum.
Emily is a student.
Emily is a teenager.
Emily is a university student.
Emily is a well-known actress in her own country.
Emily is a well-known singer in her own country.
Emily is a well-known writer in her own country.
Emily is afraid of heights.
Emily is afraid of spiders.
Emily is an Australian citizen.
Emily is anxious to see him again.
Emily is at home.
Emily is busy right now.
Emily is crying.
Emily is doing her homework.
Emily is drinking cola.
Emily is going to her room.
Emily is going to visit her parents.
Emily is home.
Emily is in love with the Greek language.
Emily is learning Danish, because she and her parents are going to Denmark this summer.
Emily is learning some Turkish.
Emily is leaving Paris this morning.
Emily is my best friend.
Emily is my favourite girl.
Emily is my girlfriend.
Emily is not a student.
Emily is not afraid of spiders.
Emily is one in eight billion.
Emily is singing a song with her beautiful voice.
Emily is staying in Melanie's house.
Emily is studying German linguistics at her university.
Emily is studying Turkish, because she and her parents will go to Turkey on vacation.
Emily is studying in her room right now, so please do not disturb her.
Emily is the brightest girl in school.
Emily is thirsty.
Emily is very interested in tea ceremony and flower arrangement.
Emily is very kind to me.
Emily is very lovely.
Emily is watching her favourite TV programme.
Emily is wearing a beautiful dress.
Emily is writing a letter.
Emily isn't afraid of spiders.
Emily kept on waiting in the heavy rain with no coat on.
Emily left school at sixteen.
Emily lent me her Georgian textbook.
Emily lent me her book. I'll bring it back to her later.
Emily lives in Brisbane.
Emily lost her student card on her way home.
Emily loves doing covers of songs.
Emily loves sweets.
Emily loves to eat chicken liver.
Emily needs my help.
Emily needs to drink something, because she's thirsty.
Emily needs to eat something, because she's hungry.
Emily painted a mural.
Emily permitted me to live with her.
Emily permitted me to use her computer.
Emily plays the piano and also the guitar.
Emily prefers Coca-Cola to Pepsi.
Emily read a book.
Emily read this book.
Emily rejected the offer.
Emily spat out the fish.
Emily stays at home alone when her parents are in the factory.
Emily stole my heart.
Emily studied some Romanian.
Emily stumbled upon a map.
Emily told the truth.
Emily took a scenic drive.
Emily visited her grandmother yesterday.
Emily visited the art museum.
Emily walks to school every day.
Emily wants to be an electrician.
Emily wants to go and see her father.
Emily wants to go out, because she's bored.
Emily wants to learn Greek.
Emily wants to work in a major company.
Emily was listening to music.
Emily was reading a book.
Emily was surprised.
Emily went to her room.
Emily will be visited by her parents.
Emily will eat something after doing her homework.
Emily will graduate from high school in 2017.
Emily will help with my English.
Emily will recite the book.
Emily will stay with us.
Emily will surprise me.
Emily will tell Melanie.
Emily won first prize in the speech contest.
Emily would never date a Koreaboo.
Emily would never slap me in the face.
Emily wrote a letter.
Emily wrote the sentence.
Emily's eating crisps.
Emily's home.
Emily's mother is a well-known singer.
Emily's not afraid of spiders.
Emily's parents are working in a factory.
Emily's staying in her elder sister's house, because her parents went to the United States for a couple of weeks.
Emily’s family go to church every Sunday.
Emily’s family go to the church at the end of the street.
Emily’s mother has gone to the school to meet her teachers.
Emina has a new bathing suit.
Emina has a new swimsuit.
Emina is a girl from Sarajevo.
Eminem is an eminent rapper.
Emir isn't an Austrian name, is it?
Emirates has five daily flights from New York to Dubai.
Emissions of hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) — which are potent greenhouse gases — are expected to double by 2020 and nearly triple by 2030 in the U.S.
Emma Gaya winces with pain as the nurse at her local clinic inserts a swab deep into her nose.
Emma Goldman is considered a forerunner of anarchist feminism.
Emma Goldman opposed Zionism, but supported Jewish emigration to Palestine as a matter of life and death.
Emma Goldman was a prominent Jewish anarchist.
Emma Watson is a UN Women Goodwill Ambassador.
Emma baked a batch of cookies.
Emma has a very poor constitution.
Emma is a Belgian citizen.
Emma is a Swiss citizen.
Emma is an Italian citizen.
Emma is cross-eyed.
Emma is obviously ecstatic with her ebullient expressions after answering something excruciatingly difficult.
Emma likes relishing strawberries.
Emma peeled potatoes quickly.
Emma sank in a sea of bitterness.
Emma unveiled her collection in the fashion capital of Milan.
Emma was much in evidence during the party.
Emma was quite easily the nicest user I've ever met here, and I've met quite a number of rather nice people in this community! In fact, the majority of you are quite nice, but Emma took it to a new level.
Emma wrote a lot in Yiddish as well.
Emma, your manners are so polite!
Emmanuel Macron assumes his style.
Emmanuel Macron is a staunch defender of the European Union.
Emmanuelle is lying on the beach in the sun.
Emmental is a kind of cheese with holes in it.
Emmet's theory appears repeatedly in these papers.
Emmet’s theory appears repeatedly in these papers.
Emmons Glacier has the largest area of any glacier in the contiguous United States, although the Carbon Glacier has a greater volume of ice.
Emmy folded the napkin in half.
Emo people wear black lipstick.
Emoji could be the most widely used, the most universal and the most commonly understood language on the planet.
Emojis are constantly being created and updated for different events, issues, likes and circumstances.
Emojis come in all shapes, colors and sizes.
Emojis have been used a lot recently, haven't they?
Emojis have gone beyond just punctuation marks, letters and numbers.
Emojis originated in Japan.
Emojis were first introduced in 1999 by Japanese artist Shigetaka Kurita.
Emojis, those cute, vivid images that liven up emails and texts, come in all shapes, colors and sizes.
Emotion counts above vocabulary in verbal communication.
Emotion had made her forget the speech she'd mentally prepared.
Emotional abuse can be incredibly damaging.
Emotional affairs could be very devastating.
Emotional affairs exclude physical intimacy.
Emotional blackmail is an immoral way of getting people to do what you want them to.
Emotional experiences impact physical well-being.
Emotional health plays a role in physical health.
Emotional vulnerability is incredible before going to sleep.
Emotional well-being often relies on factors beyond money.
Emotional, she could hardly hide her tears.
Emotions are contagious.
Emotions can be more powerful than facts.
Emotions can cause tension or relaxation in the body.
Emotions can change how the body feels.
Emotions cloud my judgment.
Emotions don't enter into the equation in the way that I am and that I feel.
Emotions often elude scientific explanation, revealing their complexity.
Emotions surge, but clarity evades me.
Emotions were running high.
Emoto Masaru believes that within ice crystals you can read a message to mankind.
Empathizing with yourself is one of the hardest things.
Empathy impels us to feel other people's pain and to align their interests with our own.
Empathy is a key component of love.
Empathy is not the same as sympathy.
Empedocles was a Greek philosopher.
Emperor Alexander II was assassinated by terrorist revolutionaries.
Emperor Hadrian had Hadrian's Wall built.
Emperor Hadrian had Hadrian’s Wall built.
Emperor John declared himself a living god.
Emperor Nero was an extremely evil tyrant.
Emperor Paul I was the Grand Master of the Order of Malta.
Emperor Penguin is one of my favorite bands.
Emperor Qin Shi Huang and Emperor Wu of Han, though remarkable in their achievements, somewhat lacked in literary grace; Emperor Taizong of Tang and Emperor Taizu of Song, though commendable in their elegance, still fall slightly short in their brilliance. The proud conqueror, Genghis Khan, knew only how to bend the bow and shoot great eagles. All of them are now bygone, and if you want to count the truly remarkable figures, look to the present age.
Emphasizing its postural lean characteristic, the term â€˜tango apilado’ has often been used as a synonym for ’tango milonguero’.
Emphasizing its postural lean characteristic, the term ‘tango apilado’ has often been used as a synonym for 'tango milonguero'.
Empire means power.
Empirical data is based solely on observation.
Employ an adaptive strategy.
Employ honesty.
Employ the employable.
Employee referral programs are gaining in popularity.
Employees and volunteers could be seen cheering and clapping in a video shared at the sight of the empty kennel at Friends of Palm Beach County Animal Care and Control in the city of West Palm Beach.
Employees are prohibited from watching the Olympics.
Employees are protesting against redundancies.
Employees are required to wear uniforms.
Employees can be motivated with good, fair wages, the chance to work in a good team or on exciting tasks, and with clear economic incentives such as performance pay or opportunity for promotion.
Employees currently have the ability to opt in to receive electronic paystubs, but only 64 percent take advantage of this option.
Employees don't cost money; employees make money. Most of this money is unjustly kept by employers.
Employees don't work on Saturdays.
Employees feel the pressure of unreasonable expectations.
Employees get a 15 percent discount on all products in the store.
Employees have lunch together over video chat.
Employees in this rural region of the state handpick the organic produce, rinse, prepare and box it up on site, ready to distribute to area customers.
Employees involved in shipping and receiving are considered semi-skilled workers.
Employees must wear a uniform.
Employees of the bank hid from the active shooter in the vault.
Employees of the call centre answer all customer service calls.
Employees of the company went on strike.
Employees threatened a strike to protect worker benefits.
Employees use emojis to express how they are feeling.
Employees were allowed to share in reading customer compliments.
Employees were always complaining about their wages, their working conditions, and so forth.
Employees will receive a bonus equivalent to six months' salary.
Employees with seniority are usually promoted before those who joined the company earlier.
Employers are not required to give their employees paid sick leave.
Employers cannot refuse to hire workers because of their race, religion, ethnic origin, skin colour, sex, age, marital status, disability or sexual orientation.
Employers don't create work; they exploit it.
Employers expect their employees to give 110 percent.
Employers have more skilled workers to choose from than ever before, meaning almost anyone can be replaced.
Employers often value experience more than academics, such as a college major or grades.
Employers should look to fill positions with individuals who might not have studied the subjects normally expected for those jobs.
Employers sometimes exploit their workers.
Employing him would amount to employing nobody.
Employment continued to lag.
Empower your business to achieve more.
Empowered, informed citizens are the scourge of any tyrant.
Empowerment of girls is a major theme in movies today.
Empress Dowager Cixi held control in China for forty-seven years.
Empty barrels make the most noise.
Empty cans were scattered about the place.
Empty it out.
Empty it.
Empty lots remain where homes used to stand.
Empty places produce the best echoes.
Empty shelves are seen at a grocery store in Willow Grove, Pennsylvania, March 16, 2020, as shoppers have been buying up extra quantities of the products since the outbreak of the coronavirus.
Empty the ashtray, because it's full of cigarette butts.
Empty the car so we can use it.
Empty the coffee grounds after you're done brewing.
Empty the dishwasher when it's done so others can use it.
Empty the drawer of its contents.
Empty the ice and water dispensers periodically to prevent mold or bacteria growth in the fridge.
Empty the ice and water dispensers periodically to prevent mold or bacteria growth in the refrigerator.
Empty the litter box.
Empty the purse into this bag.
Empty the recycling bin when it's full to keep the kitchen tidy.
Empty the trash bin regularly to prevent odors and leaks.
Empty the trash can when it's full, and replace the trash bag.
Empty the trash can when you notice it's getting too smelly.
Empty the trunk.
Empty the vacuum cleaner lint bag, and you will get better suction.
Empty the waste-paper bin. It's overflowing.
Empty the water out of the bucket.
Empty this box full of trash.
Empty trash cans.
Empty verbiage is my specialty.
Empty vessels make the most noise.
Empty vessels make the most sound.
Empty your backpack.
Empty your bag.
Empty your bags.
Empty your briefcase.
Empty your mind.
Empty your pocket.
Empty your pockets and put everything on the table.
Empty your pockets into your mind, and your mind will fill up your pockets.
Empty your pockets!
Empty your pockets.
Empty your wallet.
Empty, vast, and cold were the halls of the Snow Queen.
Emptying the dishwasher filter or trap regularly is crucial to prevent clogs.
Emrich worries that mounting bee colony losses mean he can't wait that long, so he and his fellow beekeepers are petitioning county and state governments, calling for local rules to restrict home and garden use of common bug killers, rose and flower treatments, and grub controls.
En garde!
En passant is a special type of pawn move in chess.
En route to our picnic, it started to rain suddenly.
En, Does he have any children?
Enable Two-Factor Authentication.
Enable password-based authentication.
Enable two-factor authentication for enhanced account security.
Enable two-factor authentication.
Enable your new setting.
Enchantments keep humans from ever learning about the hidden cities of the elves.
Enclose your resume in this envelope and submit it to the personnel department.
Enclosed is a copy of the bank transfer receipt.
Enclosed is our company profile.
Enclosed with the catalogue is our current price list.
Encoded in a four-letter alphabet in the two intertwined strands of the DNA molecule are the instructions for making all the proteins, each with its specific function, necessary to sustain life.
Encomium is a Latin word deriving from the Ancient Greek enkomion, meaning "the praise of a person or thing."
Encompassing more than 5,300 square miles, the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary is one of the richest, most diverse marine environments in the world encompassing wave-swept beaches, lush kelp forests, and one of the deepest underwater canyons in North America.
Encore!
Encountering a baby cougar in the woods can potentially be dangerous.
Encourage Tom to do it.
Encourage Tom.
Encourage adults to learn to learn.
Encourage children to learn to learn.
Encourage everyone to participate.
Encourage family members to clean up after themselves in the kitchen.
Encourage harmony between the Occident and the Orient.
Encourage him to do it.
Encourage him.
Encourage other family members to be mindful of keeping the oven clean.
Encourage others to be responsible with their trash as well.
Encourage others to be responsible with their used napkins as well.
Encourage others to clean up after themselves when using the stovetop.
Encourage others to keep the counter clean when they use it.
Encourage others.
Encourage racial harmony.
Encourage religious tolerance in India.
Encourage them to go to the mosque.
Encourage them to pray in the mosque.
Encourage women to learn and have dignity.
Encourage your friends and family to be conscious of food scrap disposal as well.
Encouraged by the appearance of flight, the bull began to pursue them at full speed.
Encouraged by the continuing trickle of hits and the rarely arriving email I've somehow kept going till now.
Encouraged by the continuing trickle of hits and the rarely arriving email I’ve somehow kept going till now.
Encouraged by the success, the author produced a new work.
Encouragement can spark hope.
Encouraging autonomy helps people grow and learn.
Encouraging conversations with your children is important.
Encouraging emotional vulnerability and empathy can foster healthier relationships and personal growth.
Encryption technology has advanced to the point where it's pretty reliable.
Encryption technology has advanced to the point where it’s pretty reliable.
Encyclopedias have been around in one form or another for thousands of years. But in recent years competitors have emerged to challenge the traditional printed encyclopedia. First there were versions on compact disks and now they're online. While there may be lots of encyclopedias on the Internet, perhaps one of the most unusual is Wikipedia.
End Portals can only naturally be found in strongholds.
End it.
End of discussion.
End of quote. Repeat the line.
End of story.
End of the line!
End the conversation.
End violence; pursue peace.
End your silence and refusal!
Endeavor to reach your objectives and do not succumb to failures.
Endeavor to stay in this place.
Ending an affair can be very difficult.
Ending an affair can be very tricky.
Ending an affair is tremendously difficult.
Ending is better than mending.
Ending the relationship might be the best choice.
Ending up with being called a "measles exporting country" by the rest of the world, something that you could take as insult or truth.
Endives, walnuts and roquefort are the ingredients of a good salad that can be enjoyed with a walnut or sunflower oil vinaigrette.
Endless! I can't stand these politicians and their bullshit.
Endocrinology is on the third floor.
Endogamous communities with low genetic diversity are more vulnerable to diseases and disorders.
Endometriosis is a disease in which tissue that is similar to the lining of the uterus grows in other places in your body.
Endometritis is a disease where bacteria enter the uterus and cause inflammation of the inner membrane.
Endonym (also autonym "self name") is a Greek/English word for a name that a people or country calls themselves or their language. Exonym (also xenonym "foreign name") is a Greek/English word for the opposite, or what a stranger would call someone else's country, people or language. Endonym means "inside name"; while exonym means "outside name".
Endorphins are natural analgesics.
Endorse this check.
Endoscopy is a medical procedure that uses an endoscope.
Endure!
Enduring peace cannot be bought at the cost of other people's freedom.
Enemies are approaching from the north side!
Enemies don't sleep.
Enemies of enemies aren't always allies.
Enemies of peace must be liquidated.
Enemies surround me.
Enemy down.
Enemy of the enemy is a friend.
Enemy spotted.
Enemy tanks have been sighted.
Enemy tanks have been spotted.
Enemy troops surrounded the city.
Energy comes from inside.
Energy drinks are really expensive.
Energy efficiency is one of the clearest and most cost-effective opportunities to save families money, make our businesses more competitive, and reduce greenhouse gas pollution.
Energy experts see promise in some proposals set forth by the campaigns, but are less enthused about the slogans.
Energy is a word of Greek origin that means "activity".
Energy reform is a tremendous challenge and requires effort from us.
Energy requires sustenance.
Energy resources and manufactured goods are also imported, primarily from Mexico and the US.
Energy resources and manufactured goods are also imported.
Energy stocks were mixed.
Energy will go wherever we direct it.
Energy-generating exercise equipment is cropping up across the country in gyms, college athletic centers and community rec rooms.
Energy-saving lamps are still expensive in Algeria.
Enervated but suddenly on adrenaline deer alert, our eyes the size of egg yolks, we crept onward at half the posted speed limit, certain that an amorous buck would come bounding out of the brush and into our grille.
Enfilade and defilade are concepts in military tactics used to describe a military formation's exposure to enemy fire.
Enforce your boundaries.
Enforcing a maximum limit on the example sentences offered by non-native English speakers is a derogatory insult to their intelligence and the unwavering effort they exert to make the website a better place for learning.
Enforcing a maximum limit on the number of example sentences non-native English speakers can contribute is an insult to their intelligence.
Enforcing the status quo is enforcing a political agenda.
Engage in acts of kindness towards others.
Engage in deep discussions with like-minded individuals.
Engage in regular cardiovascular activities.
Engage your core muscles during compound exercises.
Engagement isn't marriage.
Engaging in any form of physical contact without explicit permission is unacceptable.
Engaging in conflict can strengthen relationships.
Engaging in conversation with your children is important.
Engaging in terrorism isn't typical for Muslims.
Engaging in the act of burning the Quran not only disrespects Muslims but also tarnishes the principles of respect and empathy for all faiths.
Engaging in the burning of the Quran only serves to fuel religious hatred and deepen existing divisions.
Engaging in the provocative act of burning the Quran perpetuates stereotypes and promotes discrimination against Muslims.
Engaging with books is something I love.
Engaging with children helps them learn.
Engaging with great books sharpens our understanding.
Engels died of heatstroke after deserting his unit and getting lost.
Engineering Psychology is another applied branch of Psychology.
Engineering puts theory into practice.
Engineering service will be taken up by the Japanese company.
Engineers and architects often work together.
Engineers and ground controllers will conduct the first of three mid-course correction burns about 12 hours and 30 minutes after launch, firing Webb’s thrusters to maneuver the spacecraft on an optimal trajectory toward its destination in orbit about 1 million miles from Earth.
Engineers and scientists are already working on a solution to that problem.
Engineers and scientists have been thrilled with high-resolution pictures sent by Spirit. Project team members are anticipating close-up analysis of rock samples. Brett Lindenfeld of Alliance SpaceSystems helped design and build the robotic arm on the two rovers, which will conduct that analysis, and says he felt exhilarated to see the arm in action.
Engineers are crazy about solar energy.
Engineers are problems solvers.
Engineers have learnt from that failure.
Engineers in New Orleans said they expected heavy rains to cause some flooding, but the storm had not breached levee walls built to hold back Lake Pontchartrain.
Engineers managed to bind the new material to a matrix, such as aluminum foil, which means it could be used for coating the walls of optical and other instruments carried by scientific and reconnaissance satellites.
Engineers need to make many more discoveries in aircraft design to achieve the efficiency of birds.
Engineers scoff at creative people during the day, but then go home at night and worship fantasy worlds authored by creative people.
Engineers try to take advantage of nature rather than try to understand it.
England always does well in the World Cup matches because of their strong defenders.
England and France are separated by the English Channel.
England and Scotland are neighbours.
England and Scotland were unified on May 1, 1707, to form the Kingdom of Great Britain.
England are about to win the Ashes.
England doesn't have friends, only interests.
England established many colonies.
England expects that every man will do his duty.
England fans started worrying when Italy drew even in the second half.
England go out on penalties again.
England has a changeable climate.
England has thriving wild beaver populations.
England have won the 2022 UEFA European Women's Championship.
England have won the 2022 UEFA European Women's Championship. It is the country's first major football honour for any senior team since 1966, and only the second in its history.
England imports Spanish produce.
England is a country that I've wanted to visit for a long time.
England is a country that I’ve wanted to visit for a long time.
England is a country where the police do not wear bulletproof vests.
England is a great nation.
England is a land where the policemen carry no revolvers.
England is an excellent country.
England is but a bunch of lies.
England is going to win the match.
England is going to win the race.
England is proud of her poets.
England is synonymous with football, fish & chips, and the Queen.
England is the home of the English language.
England proper does not include Wales.
England proper is divided into 48 ceremonial counties.
England resembles Japan in many respects.
England was invaded by the Danes.
England was once torn by civil war.
England was the favorite at the start of the game, as it was playing at home in front of tens of thousands of fans.
England would fit within Brazil 65 times with room to spare.
England's Women have won Euro 2022.
England’s goalkeeper was criticized for the amount of goals he conceded.
English Wikipedia is blacked out today.
English Wikipedia will be unavailable today.
English abounds in idioms.
English abounds in words like "polydipsiac": never used, but ready to spring into existence when required.
English and Chinese have a similar word order.
English and French are Indo-European languages.
English and German are related languages.
English and German are two related languages.
English and German share a common ancestor.
English and Spanish are languages used all over the world.
English and mathematics are made much of in senior high schools.
English cannot be mastered overnight.
English contains several alveolar consonants.
English deformed several words of French.
English didn't come easily to me.
English doesn't come easily to me.
English doesn't differentiate between the verbs "ser" and "estar".
English doesn't have a good contrasting paradigm, as do Esperanto's "laboro" and "verko," being both about "work."
English doesn't interest me at all, I really can't speak it.
English doesn't suit rich people.
English education flourishes in Japan.
English gardens are very beautiful.
English grammar is my enemy.
English has a fixed word order.
English has a lot of idiomatic expressions to offer.
English has an odd phonology and an odd orthography.
English has become an international language.
English has become my favorite subject.
English has become my favourite subject.
English has become the de facto second language used in the PRC.
English has borrowed many words from French.
English has borrowed numerous words from French.
English has many French words.
English has many Greek words.
English has many Latin words.
English has many loan words from French.
English has many words of Latin and Greek origin.
English has needed a gender-neutral term for niece and nephew for a long time. Why hasn't nibling caught on?
English has no basic word for the mucus from the eyes. My Tagalog has "muta." It just goes to show you that all languages have "holes" in them.
English has no more secrets for him now.
English has no more secrets for me.
English has no word for "Zeitgeist".
English has now become the common language of several nations in the world.
English has seen many attempts at spelling reform throughout its history; most of them failed.
English has spread all over the country.
English has to be learned twice: in speech and in writing.
English imperialism is a linguistic genocide.
English instruction is obligatory in most countries.
English is a Germanic language.
English is a basic tool for international communication.
English is a better means of communication than any other in the world.
English is a colonialist and racist language.
English is a common language for many Asians.
English is a communication tool.
English is a compulsory subject.
English is a difficult language.
English is a global language only in the sense that in order to teach it, countries all over the world are wasting their taxpayers’ money, with middling results at best.
English is a global language.
English is a hard language to learn.
English is a heavily Latinized Germanic language.
English is a kind of universal language.
English is a language abounding in idiomatic expressions.
English is a language chock-full of idiomatic expressions.
English is a language spoken all over the world.
English is a language spoken throughout the world.
English is a language that is really suboptimal, but there are volumes of information in it.
English is a language veiled in hypocrisy.
English is a language.
English is a mandatory language in Czech schools.
English is a mandatory subject.
English is a means of communication.
English is a privileged language.
English is a required class.
English is a second language for me.
English is a sister language of German.
English is a universal language and is used all over the world.
English is a very deficient language in this area.
English is a very important language in today's world.
English is a very important language in today’s world.
English is a world language.
English is a world-wide common language.
English is also studied in China.
English is always considered an international language.
English is an SVO language because the subject comes first, followed by the verb and then the object.
English is an easy language for Dutch people to learn.
English is an idiomatic language.
English is an imperialist language.
English is an imperialistic language.
English is an incredibly difficult language.
English is an international language.
English is an unstandardized language. It has a set of de facto rules. Colloquial English strays far enough from literary English that it could be considered broken. In literary English, we say, "About what is your book?" but colloquially, "What is your book about?" It is broken as it is.
English is as fine a means of communication as any in the world.
English is by far the most widely-spoken language in the world.
English is considered an international language.
English is currently the de facto international language, like French before it, but there are much simpler alternatives that would enable far more people to access the international community.
English is destined for commerce, German for philosophy, Italian for art, and French for love.
English is difficult to learn.
English is difficult to pronounce because of its ambiguous vowels and diphthongs and consonantal clusters. Is it really suitable as an international language?
English is difficult, innit?
English is difficult, isn't it?
English is difficult, isn’t it?
English is difficult.
English is doomed to be used and hated all over the world.
English is easier than Greek.
English is easy to learn but extremely difficult to master.
English is easy to learn.
English is full of Romance words.
English is full of ambiguous, nebulous phonemes, so English-language pop music attracts many who like such sounds.
English is good, but learning for non-English speakers can be hard.
English is hard enough, but telling me to speak in Ancient Greek? That's a huge leap in difficulty.
English is hard, isn't it?
English is hard, isn’t it?
English is just an ordinary language to people living in North America.
English is just one of over 2,700 languages in the world today.
English is like a gated community; access is possible but cumbersome.
English is like a universal language.
English is like a world-wide common language.
English is like an international language.
English is my best subject.
English is my favorite subject in high school.
English is my least favorite subject.
English is my mother tongue.
English is my native language.
English is my second language.
English is never wrong when it is beautiful.
English is no more my native language than Spanish is.
English is not a phonetic language.
English is not an easy language.
English is not as important as many make it seem.
English is not difficult to learn.
English is not easy for him to learn.
English is not easy for me.
English is not easy for us.
English is not easy, but it is interesting.
English is not hard to learn.
English is not my first language.
English is not my maternal language and I realize that I still have a lot to learn.
English is not my mother tongue, either!
English is not my mother tongue.
English is not my native language any more than Spanish is.
English is not my native language.
English is not spoken here.
English is not the easiest language in the world.
English is not the language of the world. It's the language of the Anglo-Saxon empire.
English is often considered an international language.
English is often not pronounced in a phonological way.
English is one language separating two nations.
English is one of the easiest languages to speak badly, but the most difficult to use well.
English is popular not because people think that it is a beautiful language, but because it is a language of a cultural superpower.
English is pretty hard, isn't it?
English is pretty hard, isn’t it?
English is quite often the language of choice when speaking to an international audience.
English is really difficult to Japanese people.
English is something to be learned step by step.
English is spoken all over the world.
English is spoken almost everywhere.
English is spoken around the world.
English is spoken by about a billion people.
English is spoken by more people than any other language.
English is spoken everywhere in the world now.
English is spoken everywhere.
English is spoken here.
English is spoken in America.
English is spoken in Australia.
English is spoken in Canada.
English is spoken in Singapore.
English is spoken in a lot of countries.
English is spoken in many countries around the world.
English is spoken in many countries throughout the world.
English is spoken in many countries.
English is spoken in many parts of the world.
English is spoken in the UK.
English is spoken in the US.
English is spoken in the USA.
English is spoken in the United States.
English is still a foreign language to me, even though I speak it every day.
English is studied all over the world.
English is studied in China, too.
English is studied in Japan.
English is studied in most countries.
English is taught almost all over the world today.
English is taught in a lot of countries.
English is taught in most countries.
English is the easiest language... to speak badly!
English is the international language.
English is the language of colonialism and neocolonialism.
English is the language of linguistic dictatorship.
English is the language of the KKK.
English is the language of the Ku Klux Klan.
English is the language of the world.
English is the language of unlimited possibilities.
English is the language that dwells in my heart.
English is the most popular language for writing papers in science. German used to be popular for that purpose.
English is the most spoken language in the world.
English is the most useful language in the world.
English is the only language that we can teach in the faculty of sciences.
English is the third most spoken language in the world, after Mandarin and Spanish.
English is the world's current lingua franca.
English is the world's language.
English is the world’s language.
English is third period.
English is too difficult for me to understand.
English is too difficult for my comprehension.
English is tougher for me than math.
English is used all around the world.
English is used all over the world.
English is used by many people.
English is used in every part of the world.
English is used more than any other language in Tatoeba.
English is useful in commerce.
English is useful in diplomacy and tourism.
English is usually taught in France from the junior high school.
English is very widely spoken, but this doesn't mean it has carried out the goals of Esperanto by any stretch of the imagination.
English is written with a Latin alphabet.
English is your language.
English is your mother tongue, then what?
English is your sister's mother tongue, too.
English isn't a language. It's three languages wearing a trench coat pretending to be one.
English isn't a language. It's witchcraft.
English isn't difficult to learn.
English isn't difficult.
English isn't easy for me.
English isn't easy to master.
English isn't his first language.
English isn't my first language.
English isn't my mother tongue.
English isn’t easy to master.
English ivy berries are toxic to people.
English ivy is a climbing vine.
English ivy is a thick vine.
English ivy is growing on Ziri's property.
English ivy is one of the biggest nuisance plants we have in the area.
English ivy leaves can be removed with a pruning saw.
English ivy produces berries.
English language courses vary greatly, depending on where you are studying.
English law prohibits children under 16 from buying cigarettes.
English learners usually make the most mistakes in pronunciation.
English linguistic imperialism is a genocide against the languages of the world.
English literacy is very poor in Algeria.
English may be weird, but it can be taught through tough thorough thought, though.
English mother-tongue speakers are embarrassed to correctly pronounce the name of the German philosopher Kant, which is a homophone for a vulgar expression referring to the female genitals.
English or Spanish?
English paragraphs are different from Italian paragraphs.
English people call elevators "lifts".
English people rarely talk to strangers in the train.
English people shake hands to say hello.
English phonetics are very inconsistent.
English plays an important role in Bangladesh's judicial and educational affairs, due to the country's history as part of the British Empire.
English possesses many words of Latin and Greek origin.
English seems boring to me.
English speakers are used to hearing all kinds of accents.
English speakers are used to hearing foreigners speak the language.
English speakers can pronounce a lot of vowels.
English spelling bothers many people.
English spelling is not phonemic.
English studies on the use of cell phones by young people show truly worrying situations, in which a person between the ages of six and twenty sends an average of twenty nine messages, receives fifteen, and makes nine calls each day.
English usage is not uniform throughout the world, and some words are considered more offensive in some areas of the English-speaking world than elsewhere.
English used to have two forms for "you," one intimate and one "polite." No more. But where status matters, and a deferential address is called for, the third person is pressed into service; and the headwaiter asks, "Does the gentleman want a table?"
English uses the German word "lied" to define a German art song, while German uses the English word "Song" to define a pop song or a song with critical content such as found in Brecht.
English was being spoken at the neighbouring table, but he didn't understand a word of it.
English was being spoken at the table next door, though he didn't understand a word of it.
English was spread by the British Empire and it developed independently from it in each country.
English was the first foreign language I learned in school.
English was the language of freedom in South Africa.
English will take you a long time to master.
English words are often borrowed by other languages.
English words are often pronounced very differently than they are written.
English words like "eat" and "tough" are not aesthetic.
English, Russian, Spanish, and Hindi descend from a common ancestor language.
English, Russian, and Hindi descend from a common ancestor language.
English, as you know, is very much a living language.
English, please.
English-language speakers are familiar with the phrase “once in a blue moon,” referring to something that happens rarely.
English-speaking siblings don't usually address each other as "brother" and "sister," but instead by their names.
Englishmen are the heirs of liberty.
Englishmen are, on the whole, conservative.
Englishmen differ from Americans only in the language they speak.
Englishmen rarely talk to strangers in the train.
Englishmen will never be slaves. They will always be free to do what the government and public opinion demand from them.
Engulfing the entire burger in one bite was no small challenge.
Enhance his status.
Enigmatic mining billionaire Clive Palmer has just been elected to the Australian parliament, with one of the smallest margins in history.
Enjambment can make poems sound more natural.
Enjambment gives poems a sense of flow.
Enjambment is when a sentence from one line of poetry spills over into the next line.
Enjoy Edinburgh!
Enjoy Tom's presence.
Enjoy a drink with your friends.
Enjoy a genuine night out and let the magic of the masks and energy of the devils sweep you away, while your guide tells you everything about the fireworks, costumes and origins of this centuries-old Catalan tradition and fills you in on the hidden secrets of this centuries-old Catalen tradition and brings to light all the hidden secrets of this long-standing tradition.
Enjoy a shopping jaunt in Positano.
Enjoy being with Tom.
Enjoy each and every moment.
Enjoy every moment.
Enjoy it while it lasts.
Enjoy it while you can.
Enjoy it, it's free!
Enjoy life while you can.
Enjoy life while you may.
Enjoy life! It goes by at a crazy speed.
Enjoy life.
Enjoy seashore life in its natural environment and leave the plants and animals exactly as you found them.
Enjoy that CD.
Enjoy the beautiful autumn days.
Enjoy the beautiful weather.
Enjoy the concert.
Enjoy the day.
Enjoy the days.
Enjoy the end of the weekend.
Enjoy the experience of a relaxing day at Karuizawa.
Enjoy the flight.
Enjoy the fucking music!
Enjoy the game.
Enjoy the happiness.
Enjoy the holiday season.
Enjoy the life with Tom.
Enjoy the life!
Enjoy the little things!
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
Enjoy the lovely weather!
Enjoy the mild weather before the snow comes.
Enjoy the moment!
Enjoy the moment.
Enjoy the party until the end!
Enjoy the present; it won't last forever.
Enjoy the rest of the weekend!
Enjoy the rest of the weekend.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Enjoy the rest of your trip.
Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
Enjoy the show.
Enjoy the steam!
Enjoy the weekend.
Enjoy this weather while it lasts.
Enjoy today. It is later than you think.
Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must.
Enjoy your achievements as well as your plans.
Enjoy your achievements as well as your plans. Keep interested in your own career, however humble; it is a real possession in the changing fortunes of time.
Enjoy your breakfast.
Enjoy your coffee break!
Enjoy your day, Gunter.
Enjoy your day.
Enjoy your evening.
Enjoy your flight.
Enjoy your food.
Enjoy your holiday and stop forcing it on everyone else.
Enjoy your holiday!
Enjoy your holidays.
Enjoy your job.
Enjoy your life while you are able to.
Enjoy your life, while you can.
Enjoy your life.
Enjoy your meal!
Enjoy your meal! Did you already start?
Enjoy your meal, everyone!
Enjoy your meal.
Enjoy your new car.
Enjoy your own life without comparing it with that of others.
Enjoy your retirement!
Enjoy your retirement.
Enjoy your stay in Algiers.
Enjoy your stay in Berlin!
Enjoy your stay in Boston.
Enjoy your stay.
Enjoy your studies.
Enjoy your summer.
Enjoy your tea!
Enjoy your time off.
Enjoy your trip!
Enjoy your trip.
Enjoy your vacation a lot!
Enjoy your vacation!
Enjoy your vacation.
Enjoy your vacation. I hope you have good weather.
Enjoy your walk!
Enjoy your weekend.
Enjoy your work!
Enjoy your youth while it lasts.
Enjoy your youth.
Enjoy yourself and do what feels good.
Enjoy yourself at the ball.
Enjoy yourself at the party, John.
Enjoy yourself at the party.
Enjoy yourself for a change.
Enjoy yourself to the fullest.
Enjoy yourself while you can.
Enjoy yourself!
Enjoy yourself, but always prioritize your safety and well-being.
Enjoy yourself.
Enjoy yourselves.
Enjoy!
Enjoy, dear. You're welcome.
Enjoy.
Enjoying a sunbath, the mouse closed its eyes and dreamt about large, delicious cheese.
Enjoying hospitality is one thing, taking advantage of it is another.
Enjoying my breakfast in these unusual surroundings, I took a look at my neighbors.
Enjoyment drives my choices, not financial gain.
Enjoyment, despite being a masculine word in gendered languages, is independent of gender.
Enlightening the people is very easy.
Enlightenment is like everyday consciousness but two inches above the ground.
Enlightenment is man's emergence from his self-incurred immaturity.
Enlightenment is man's leaving his self-imposed immaturity.
Enlightenment is man’s emergence from his self-incurred immaturity.
Enlightenment is man’s leaving his self-imposed immaturity.
Enlightenment philosophies applied new ways of understanding.
Enlightenment sprang from the clash of ideas.
Enlist!
Enlisted personnel include the private second class, private first class, corporal, and master corporal, who are the backbone of field operations.
Enlisting in the special forces is a strange fate for a boy who has never had a gun in his hands.
Enormous amounts of energy are required.
Enos became the first chimp to orbit the earth on November 29, 1961, aboard a Mercury Atlas rocket. Although the mission plan originally called for three orbits, due to a malfunctioning thruster and other technical difficulties, flight controllers were forced to terminate Enos' flight after two orbits. Enos landed in the recovery area and was picked up 75 minutes after splashdown. He was found to be in good overall condition.
Enough TV, already!
Enough already!
Enough already, let's get going.
Enough already.
Enough arguing!
Enough blather; get to the point.
Enough fake news.
Enough for one day.
Enough for today.
Enough is as good as a feast.
Enough is better than too much.
Enough is enough!
Enough is enough.
Enough is enough. Go home and stay home.
Enough is good, but too much is too much.
Enough is plenty for the wise.
Enough jawboning! Why can't politicians just be honest?
Enough jawboning! Why can’t politicians just be honest?
Enough lying; the memories are long gone; days of the past will never more return.
Enough money was available for him to begin his business.
Enough now, Tom.
Enough of all this talking!
Enough of stupidities!
Enough of the government's lies!
Enough of the lies!
Enough of the preliminaries. It's time to get to the actual topic.
Enough of this acting like a spoiled child.
Enough of this foolishness.
Enough of this nonsense.
Enough of this talk.
Enough of this whingeing!
Enough of vacation!
Enough of your lies!
Enough regrets, gentlemen, get up and work.
Enough regrets, get up and work.
Enough regrets, ladies, get up and work.
Enough remained of the walls for a map to be drawn up of the villa's original ground plan.
Enough solar panels have been installed to provide electricity to thousands of households.
Enough talking; let's look and listen now.
Enough translation for today.
Enough water is a necessary condition for life.
Enough with that mysterious silence!
Enough with the chit chat, let’s get some grub going!
Enough with the empty words. Speak straight with me.
Enough with the excuses!
Enough with the insults!
Enough with the laughter!
Enough with the lies.
Enough with the mockery!
Enough with the self-pity.
Enough with these accent marks!
Enough with this nonsense. I know everything.
Enough with this sort of joke already! It's tedious.
Enough!
Enough! Be quiet! I'll take care of you later.
Enough! I can't get any study done at all!
Enough! I can’t get any study done at all!
Enough! Now you must die.
Enough's enough, you've gone too far!
Enough, I said.
Enough, I'm done speaking with them.
Enough, Miroslav. Get to the point.
Enough, already!
Enough, stop this fight!
Enough, time to go to bed.
Enough.
Enraged by her mistakes, he told her to stop trying altogether.
Enraged by these things as well, she kept the Trojans, all that were left of the Greeks and indomitable Achilles, far away from Latium, tossed by the wide ocean; they wandered for many years, driven by the Fates, all around the seas.
Enraged, Carlos tried to attack Rima.
Enriched uranium is reconverted to powdered uranium dioxide for use as reactor fuel.
Enrico and Rima left the spaceship together.
Enrico burnt himself.
Enrico checked the premises.
Enrico comforted Rima, telling her that she wouldn’t get hurt.
Enrico continued to advance across the field.
Enrico continued to read books.
Enrico continued to walk deeper into the woods.
Enrico dropped his rifle.
Enrico failed to respond.
Enrico fell near a lake.
Enrico found a good job in Algeria.
Enrico found a job there.
Enrico found a solution.
Enrico found it hard to identify the animal carcass.
Enrico found it.
Enrico found something.
Enrico found the church.
Enrico gained consciousness.
Enrico held Rima at gunpoint.
Enrico is a tennis player.
Enrico is drinking a glass of sarsaparilla.
Enrico jumped out of the aircraft.
Enrico landed.
Enrico might be nearby.
Enrico pushed Rima out.
Enrico ran into the woods.
Enrico took a break from walking.
Enrico took a picture of himself in a gimp suit.
Enrico tried to calm down his men.
Enrico was a squad member.
Enrico was a war photographer.
Enrico was born during World War II.
Enrico was in a gimp suit.
Enrico was surrounded by German soldiers.
Enrico’s performance in the army is unsatisfactory.
Enrico’s plane caught fire.
Enrico’s room was filled with the yellow light.
Enrico’s self-confidence has decreased.
Enriquez's parents have supported her financially and emotionally throughout her soccer career, she said.
Enrolling in the book club obligates you to buy three more books after the introductory package.
Enrollment will be free.
Enshittification has rendered once-useful sites useless.
Enshittification is why search results aren't relevant anymore.
Enslaved African chefs left their mark on certain cooking methods, while also developing recipes that are now staples in the American diet, particularly in the American South.
Enslaved Africans were first brought to the future United States in 1619.
Enslaved people suffer from multiple injustices.
Enslavement is a crime against humanity.
Ensure me you won't tell anyone else.
Ensure that contractor prepares the HSE Plan based on the criteria set.
Ensure that everyone involved understands the importance of not veering off-topic.
Ensure that the needle has been sterilized beforehand.
Ensure that the trash can is securely placed and won't tip over.
Entanglement with the world constitutes an observation.
Enter by means of the staircase!
Enter by the narrow gate.
Enter here!
Enter in a contractual agreement with me and become a young magical girl!
Enter into that cabin.
Enter one at a time, please.
Enter one by one, please.
Enter or exit.
Enter our humble abode.
Enter our humble dwelling.
Enter quickly.
Enter somewhere else.
Enter the address for service.
Enter the club.
Enter the delivery address.
Enter the information into the computer.
Enter the laboratory and press the emergency button.
Enter the password.
Enter the room at once.
Enter the room, find the letter, and come back out.
Enter the room.
Enter the token generated by your token generator.
Enter through the narrow gate.
Enter your birth date here.
Enter your credentials.
Enter your credit card information.
Enter your name in the header.
Enter your name.
Enter your password, please.
Enter your password.
Enter your ticket number in the box, tap "Confirm", and swipe left to return to the home screen.
Enter your username and password.
Enter your username, followed by your password.
Enter your username.
Enter!
Enter, Juan.
Enter.
Entering Algeria is still complicated for some foreigners.
Entering a university is not the purpose of my life.
Entering the doctorate is going to be a great challenge.
Entering the foe's camp is full of danger.
Entering the forest, you will often meet a squirrel, a hare or a wolverine.
Entering the house, I tripped on the doormat and fell over.
Entering the house, I tripped over the mat.
Entering the room, I found her absorbed in a book.
Entering the room, I found her playing the piano.
Entering your neighbors' living room, you smell a musty odor.
Entertain the guests!
Entertain us.
Entertainment is still popular with young people in Japan.
Entertainment on his planet meant doing multidimensional higher mathematics.
Entertainment will be provided.
Enthusiasm alone won't get you very far.
Enthusiasm and shyness are important in a woman.
Enthusiasm for lunar flights had diminished greatly. By the time Apollo 13 came around, I think the only mention in The New York Times was on page 67 of the weather page, because everyone had forgotten.
Enthusiasm gradually gives way to doubt and uncertainty.
Enthusiasm is contagious.
Enthusiasm is gradually giving way to doubt and uncertainty.
Entire cities have fallen at the hands of the enemy army.
Entire worlds exist beneath our feet.
Entities must not be multiplied beyond necessity.
Entities should not be multiplied without necessity.
Entitled "Predicting the Impacts of Mining Deep Sea Polymetallic Nodules in the Pacific Ocean," the 52-page report represents a scientific consensus based on 250 peer-reviewed articles.
Entitled "The Next Four Billion," the report finds that the world's poor people comprise a relatively untapped $5 trillion consumer market.
Entitled women are some of the most frustrating people on earth.
Entitlement is this generation's problem.
Entomologists love bugs.
Entomologists say periodic cicadas are unique to the United States.
Entomology is the science that studies insects.
Entomology isn't just the study of flies' flight!
Entrance is free of charge.
Entrance is restricted to those above 18.
Entrance strictly prohibited.
Entrepreneurs are already calculating their losses.
Entries are now being accepted.
Entrust him to me.
Entry is free for members and guests.
Entry is free of charge.
Entry is free on Sundays.
Entry is free, but there's a two drink minimum.
Entry is free.
Entry is prohibited to anyone other than authorized personnel.
Entry is still prohibited.
Entry is strictly for staff only.
Entry level jobs in telesales are usually stressful and low-paying.
Entry of pool is prohibited.
Entry to the dilapidated house is prohibited.
Entry to the operating room is prohibited.
Entry without a tie is not permitted.
Entry, transportation, breaking-down and absorption of food is possible, thanks to a series of conduits, tissues and organs that constitute the digestive system. They all work together in a coordinated fashion in order to better assimilate the substances consumed every day, supplying us with energy and easing our development.
Enumerate what hasn't befallen me.
Enunciate your words.
Envelopes are inserted through the slot.
Envied bread tastes good.
Envious people die, but envy never does.
Environmental and roadway factors can also contribute to single-vehicle crashes.
Environmental arguments for zero-emission wind and solar power don’t get much traction in Wyoming.
Environmental changes are affected by human activity and nature.
Environmental changes gave rise to new species.
Environmental consequences were totally disregarded from the beginning.
Environmental engineers on Earth were hard at work as they tried to clean up global pollution.
Environmental factors influence organisms in that they develop new characteristics and ensure survival, thereby transforming into new species.
Environmental groups are hailing the decision by delegates at a U.N. conference to curb the international trade of mahogany, the most valuable hardwood species in the Amazon basin.
Environmental groups have applauded the project. Howard Learner is executive director of the Environmental Law and Policy Center, which advocates for the development of eco businesses.
Environmental groups vowed to push back against the president's actions.
Environmental issues harm the beauty of our neighborhood.
Environmental observations indicate that summer burned areas in northern and central California have increased fivefold during 1996 to 2021 compared to 1971 to 1995.
Environmental pollution is causing abnormal weather conditions.
Environmental pollution triggered climatic changes all over Earth.
Environmental problems call for quick action.
Environmental protection doesn't matter when it's about LNG carriers.
Environmental protection starts with small actions.
Environmentalist and writer Bill McKibben is a leader of the movement to stop investments in fossil fuels.
Environmentalist parties generally use the color green in their symbols and names.
Environmentalists are increasingly alarmed at the growing pace of deforestation in the Brazilian Amazon.
Environmentalists are opposing the Keystone XL pipeline.
Environmentalists credit the 1973 Endangered Species Act with saving numerous animals, plants and other species from extinction.
Environmentalists decry what they say are Bolsonaro's anti-environment stance in favor of oil, mineral, logging and ranching interests.
Environmentalists put much of the blame on Bolsonaro, saying he encourages farmers and others to burn land for development and pasture.
Environmentalists say a flurry of construction during Trump’s final days in office created a cascade of environmental problems.
Environmentally conscious entrepreneurs are creating alternatives to plastic products.
Environmentally damaging projects should be abandoned systematically.
Environmentally, the planet was on a downward slide well before the U.N. General Assembly adopted a resolution designating April 22 in 2009 as International Mother Earth Day.
Envy and happiness don't go together well.
Envy and jealousy are the private parts of the human soul.
Envy and stupidity often walk hand in hand.
Envy can become a destructive force.
Envy is a sin.
Envy is like rottenness of the bones.
Envy is one of the seven deadly sins.
Envy is the central fact of American life.
Envy is the companion of honour.
Envy plus rhetoric equals "social justice.".
Envy stands in the way of many.
Enya’s music is good.
Enzymes are responsible for digestion, respiration, photosynthesis, and metabolism. They are responsible for forming all of us and keeping us alive. They are the engines of life.
EpiPens are used to treat anaphylactic shock, a symptom of severe allergies often experienced by children that could lead to death.
Epicure used to write: "I do not fear death. When it is death, I am not, when I am, it is not death."
Epicurus laid down the doctrine that pleasure was the chief good.
Epidemiologists focus on measuring disease.
Epidemiologists refer to a group of cases of the same disease or condition in a particular area as a cluster.
Epiglottal damage is always a concern when inserting an endotracheal tube.
Epilepsy can have various causes.
Epinephrine can be administered through an auto-injector.
Epinephrine can save someone's life by relaxing the muscles around the airways and preventing them from closing completely.
Epinephrine is also known as adrenalin.
Epiphany is celebrated on January 6th.
Epiphany marks the end of the 12 days of Christmas.
Episodic memory contextualizes linguistic experiences.
Epistemology is a branch of philosophy.
Epitaxial crystals are astonishing, aren't they?
Epstein didn't kill himself.
Equal pay for equal work.
Equality is bad.
Equality is guaranteed by the Constitution.
Equality may perhaps be a right, but no power on earth can ever turn it into a fact.
Equals do not have authority over one another.
Equating fascism with communism is a time-honored trick.
Equations are just the boring part of mathematics. I attempt to see things in terms of geometry.
Equatorial Guinea is called "Guinea Ecuatorial" in Spanish.
Equestrian is the only mixed-gender Olympic event.
Er, I can only drive cars with an automatic transmission.
Er, Sir? What's written on the blackboard isn't an exponential function but a trigonometric one ...
Er, Sir? What’s written on the blackboard isn’t an exponential function but a trigonometric one ...
Er, could we swap mobile numbers next time?
Er, grilled octopus for dinner?
Er, how do you use this?
Er, is it takoyaki for dinner?
Er, takoyaki for dinner?
Er, well, I'd like to take a vote. Would people in favour of Mr Ogawa's proposition please raise their hands.
Er, well, I’d like to take a vote. Would people in favour of Mr Ogawa’s proposition please raise their hands.
Er...
Er? What did I come to this room for?
Eradicating malaria won't be easy.
Eradicating poverty must be our main goal.
Eradicating poverty must be our number one goal.
Erase them.
Erase to the start of discourse or text; drop the subject or start over.
Erasers are not made well these days.
Erasing one's comments after they've been read is not taking responsibility for one's own words.
Erasmus students often stick with other students from the same country.
Erbil is the capital of Iraqi Kurdistan.
Erbium has been found in certain titanium minerals.
Erbium is element atomic number 68 on the periodic table.
Erdogan calls everyone he doesn't like a terrorist and then throws them in jail.
Erdogan is guilty of killing innocent Kurds.
Erdogan is known for his Islamist-tinged populism.
Erdogan is the President of Turkey.
Erdogan might lose the next election.
Erdogan shouldn't go nuts just because someone burnt a Turkish flag in front of the Turkish embassy.
Erdogan shouldn't go nuts just because someone burnt a copy of Qur'an in Sweden.
Erdoğan is the president of Turkey.
Erecting the Eiffel Tower took two years.
Erection problems can have various causes.
Ergo, I am a cleverer man than the great financier; but he makes his thousands where I make shillings and pence.
Eric Adams bullies the unhoused.
Eric Adams is one of the most outspoken crypto supporters.
Eric Cantona expressed his solidarity with Palestine.
Eric Post, a professor of biology at Penn State University and leader of the study team, says previous research has focused on the non-living or abiotic effects of global warming on the Arctic, including the melting of sea ice and subsequent rises in seawater levels.
Eric Zemmour is recognized as being antisocial.
Eric Zemmour is universally recognized as being antisocial.
Eric finished his homework early.
Eric has begun to sing.
Eric is an eternal optimist.
Eric is on our soccer team.
Eric played a sweet tune on the piano.
Eric who was a weak prince issued a bad coinage which excited great discontent among the Danes.
Erica went without saying goodbye.
Erik is duller than Emily who, until yesterday, was the dullest person I knew.
Erika sat opposite me at the table.
Eriko worked so long and so hard, without stopping to eat, that I feared she would faint.
Erik’s eyes were still shut.
Erik’s nod was slow.
Erin Johansson, research director of Jobs With Justice, a nonprofit organization that advocates for workers' rights, said she believes unpaid internships limit employment equality.
Eris has a highly eccentric orbit around the Sun, which causes its surface temperature to vary from -217 degrees Celsius to -243 degrees Celsius.
Eris is about 2400 kilometers wide.
Eris is the largest known dwarf planet in our solar system. It is a little larger than Pluto.
Eris is the largest known dwarf planet in the solar system. Its elongated orbit takes it far outside of the main region of the Kuiper Belt.
Eris is the most distant member of our solar system known at this time. It is 3 times farther out than Pluto.
Eris is the most massive dwarf planet in the solar system.
Eris was first found by a team of astronomers at Palomar Observatory in California.
Eris was named after the goddess of strife. Its moon, Dysnomia, was named after the daughter of Eris.
Eris, the largest known dwarf planet, was first detected in data collected in October of 2003.
Eritrea has no official language.
Eritrea is called "Erta" in Tigrinya.
Eritrea's independence has denied Ethiopia direct access to the Red Sea.
Erkin and I went to the cemetery.
Erkin likes her too.
Erkin's definitely a good guy, but just has a somewhat weak character.
Erm, may I stay here?
Ermanno told a funny story.
Ernestine was born in 1914 in the city of Le Mans.
Ernesto has too much self-love to do such a vile thing.
Erno Rubik was born in Budapest, Hungary and was the creator of the Rubik's Cube.
Erno Rubik, the inventor of the Rubik's cube, is a Hungarian architect.
Eros is the Greek god of love.
Eros is the first asteroid to be landed upon by a spacecraft.
Eros, named for the god of love, is a near-Earth asteroid, which often comes close to our planet.
Erosion is the key to discovery of nearly all paleontological specimens.
Err! Sorry, you are incorrect!
Err...
Error 404. Page not found.
Error never leaves us.
Error: the requested address was not found on this server.
Errors are corrected where detected.
Errors are few, if any, in his English composition.
Erudition can produce foliage without bearing fruit.
Erudition doesn't amount to wisdom.
Erythrocytes are blood cells.
Esau answered: I beseech thee, that some of the people, at least, who are with me, may stay to accompany thee in the way. And he said: There is no necessity. I want nothing else but only to find favour, my lord, in thy sight.
Esau having heard his father's words, roared out with a great cry; and, being in a consternation, said: Bless me also, my father.
Esau therefore always hated Jacob, for the blessing wherewith his father had blessed him; and he said in his heart: The days will come of the mourning for my father, and I will kill my brother Jacob.
Escape a toxic work environment.
Escape from reality.
Escape if you can.
Escape is impossible.
Escape the toxic workplace.
Escape was almost impossible.
Escape was impossible.
Escape your toxic job as quickly as possible.
Escape!
Escape.
Escaping from jail is like a dog that breaks its chain. Once the chain is broken, it doesn't know where to go.
Escaping winter, swallows go in search of spring.
Escapism doesn't usually put food on the table.
Escargot doesn't sound very appetizing.
Eschatology is the study of end-times.
Eschew obfuscation, espouse elucidation.
Escort Mr. Jackson to the door.
Escort her to the fountain.
Escort the gentleman to the exit.
Eskimos have ninety different words for snow.
Esotropic means cross-eyed, while exotropic means wall-eyed.
Especially after 6 p.m., the tables in the village pub are usually full.
Especially do not feign affection.
Especially during times of economic crisis, price becomes a dominant factor in deciding whether to buy any product.
Especially during winter, Tom appreciated the weatherstripping material that Mary had installed to prevent doorway draughts.
Especially in big cities, control of exhaust gases is necessary.
Especially in northern China, wrapping and eating dumplings has become an important activity for happily spending New Year's Eve in many households.
Especially in northern China, wrapping and eating dumplings has become an important activity for happily spending New Year’s Eve in many households.
Especially over the last 20 years, the purported link between progressive welfare policies and economic failure in the Northern European countries seems to point to the difficulty of sustaining both full social welfare and international competitivity.
Especially remarkable was her oval face.
Especially the Lord saying to him: Return into the land of thy fathers and to thy kindred, and I will be with thee.
Especially was this the case with Daphnis, who, having passed the winter at home in inactivity, was more impetuous and pressing than ever in the caresses he bestowed on Chloe.
Especially with that amount of time, I agree.
Especially with the globalisation of the past few centuries, developed civilizations now collectively make use of the products of hundreds of civilizations past and present, distributed by trade and immigration.
Especially you, we won't find anyone who doesn't know you!
Esperantists are guided by a noble ideal.
Esperantists are loved by everyone.
Esperantists are our comrades.
Esperantists are our friends.
Esperantists of the whole world, act energetically against international fascism!
Esperantists often refer to themselves by the word 'samideano'.
Esperantists often travel to foreign countries.
Esperantists work for language equality.
Esperanto - for you to understand the world.
Esperanto - in order to understand the world.
Esperanto adjectives always end in a.
Esperanto adverbs are distinguished by the ending 'e'.
Esperanto allows us to embrace the world.
Esperanto also has a few Chinese words like ''ĝozo'' for example, which means a Chinese dumpling.
Esperanto and Interlingua, as languages, don't exist in a cultural vacuum.
Esperanto belongs to everyone.
Esperanto belongs to everyone. Unfortunately, not everybody knows that.
Esperanto belongs to everyone. Unfortunately, not everyone knows that.
Esperanto can stop wars.
Esperanto carries with it the values of world peace and mutual understanding among nations.
Esperanto certainly brings pleasure to its users, just as the music of Mozart brings pleasure to those who like music.
Esperanto changes the problem, because one can learn Esperanto as well as his mother tongue -- and perhaps even better than it.
Esperanto congresses are very useful.
Esperanto could be part of the way forward.
Esperanto exists despite the 'Esperantists'.
Esperanto gives little festive hats to some of its Cs, Gs, Hs, Js, Ss, and U's.
Esperanto gives little festive hats to some of its Cs, Gs, Hs, Js, Ss, and U’s.
Esperanto gives little festive hats to some of its cees, gees, aitches, jays, esses, and ues.
Esperanto grammar is very simple.
Esperanto has an excellent derivation system.
Esperanto has its own anthem.
Esperanto has no exceptions.
Esperanto has no true grammatical gender.
Esperanto has often been touted as "the universal language."
Esperanto has only two cases.
Esperanto has spread across the whole world without bloodshed. Which of the so-called world languages can say that about itself?
Esperanto helped me broaden my intellectual and cultural horizons.
Esperanto indeed is not difficult.
Esperanto introduced a new way of thinking to the world.
Esperanto is 125 years old.
Esperanto is a Communist language.
Esperanto is a bridge between cultures.
Esperanto is a completely logical language.
Esperanto is a completely phonetic language.
Esperanto is a conlang.
Esperanto is a constructed language.
Esperanto is a cool language!
Esperanto is a flexible and practical language, easy to learn and memorize.
Esperanto is a fun language to learn.
Esperanto is a good language because people from different countries can use it to talk to each other.
Esperanto is a huge expansion of my horizon.
Esperanto is a huge waste of time.
Esperanto is a key to peace.
Esperanto is a language for the whole world.
Esperanto is a language of friendship.
Esperanto is a language that doesn't exclusively belong to a specific country.
Esperanto is a language, created by Ludwik L. Zamenhof for international communication.
Esperanto is a living language ideal for international communication.
Esperanto is a living language.
Esperanto is a modern language that is very suitable for international communication.
Esperanto is a peaceful language.
Esperanto is a planned language.
Esperanto is a popular constructed language.
Esperanto is a practical but colourless language.
Esperanto is a simple language.
Esperanto is a small language, but… it keeps on growing.
Esperanto is a terrible conlang.
Esperanto is a truly regular and easy language.
Esperanto is a truly rich language.
Esperanto is a useful language.
Esperanto is a waste of time.
Esperanto is actually a rich language.
Esperanto is already a good language for the mere fact that it can distinguish between Man as an individual of humankind, and Man as the male of the species.
Esperanto is an 'informal', constructed language.
Esperanto is an absolutely logical language.
Esperanto is an agglutinative language.
Esperanto is an aid for teaching foreign languages.
Esperanto is an easy language, isn't it?
Esperanto is an easy language.
Esperanto is an instrumental language that can be translated from any other language.
Esperanto is an interesting language.
Esperanto is an international and easy language!
Esperanto is an international language that is taught in many countries.
Esperanto is an international language.
Esperanto is an international planned language.
Esperanto is blatantly Eurocentric.
Esperanto is both a target language as well as a source language for translations.
Esperanto is dead.
Esperanto is easier.
Esperanto is easy to learn but just as difficult to master as any natural language.
Esperanto is easy to pronounce.
Esperanto is everyone's language.
Esperanto is fun.
Esperanto is good.
Esperanto is great.
Esperanto is his native language, and he likes swimming in the Mediterranean.
Esperanto is like English: it has one real second-person pronoun.
Esperanto is like interlocking Lego blocks.
Esperanto is more than a language.
Esperanto is much easier than Interlingua.
Esperanto is much easier than any natural language.
Esperanto is much simpler than Interlingua.
Esperanto is my favorite language.
Esperanto is my favourite language.
Esperanto is neither the language of the angels or the language of the future. Esperanto is my language, our language, and we can use it today, here and now.
Esperanto is no one's property.
Esperanto is not a difficult language, is it?
Esperanto is not a difficult language. It is an easy language.
Esperanto is not only nominally but also structurally an international language.
Esperanto is one of the most melodic languages in the world.
Esperanto is pretty much a non-language.
Esperanto is really like medicine. When I read or speak it, I do feel better. I guarantee that it would help lots of people if they tried it. It does sound a bit shamanistic that I recommend it.
Esperanto is refreshingly different.
Esperanto is simple.
Esperanto is spoken all over the world.
Esperanto is spoken in 120 countries of the world.
Esperanto is spoken in 120 countries.
Esperanto is spoken in a hundred and twenty countries around the world.
Esperanto is spoken nowhere in the world.
Esperanto is spoken.
Esperanto is surely an enormous waste of time!
Esperanto is terrible.
Esperanto is the Linux of languages.
Esperanto is the conlang with the largest speaking community.
Esperanto is the easiest language ever!
Esperanto is the easiest language to learn, but it isn't an easy language.
Esperanto is the easiest language to learn, but it's not an easy language.
Esperanto is the girl of my dreams.
Esperanto is the language of love.
Esperanto is the language of the twenty-first century.
Esperanto is the language with unlimited possibilities.
Esperanto is the most logical language in the world.
Esperanto is the most popular auxiliary language ever invented.
Esperanto is the most self-centered language in the world.
Esperanto is the most simple and neutral international language for the peoples in the world.
Esperanto is the most spoken conlang in the world.
Esperanto is the most spoken constructed language in the world.
Esperanto is the national language of no one, it can be someone's second language.
Esperanto is very useful.
Esperanto is written phonetically with an alphabet of 28 letters.
Esperanto isn't a hard language. It's an easy language.
Esperanto isn't a proposal, but is already a living language.
Esperanto isn't the goal of our activism but merely a means of achieving our goal.
Esperanto leads to friendship.
Esperanto makes the wise man wiser, and the stupid a bit less stupid.
Esperanto may eventually rule the world.
Esperanto nouns always end in o.
Esperanto pronunciation is easy.
Esperanto sentence structure (i.e., word order) is extremely flexible and diverse.
Esperanto shouldn't replace native languages, but rather just become the second language for everybody.
Esperanto sounds a little bit like Italian.
Esperanto speakers are in principle still at least bilingual.
Esperanto speakers work for language equality.
Esperanto spread around the world without bloodshed. What other world language can make the same boast?
Esperanto unites humanity.
Esperanto was created by Zamenhof.
Esperanto will succeed.
Esperanto will triumph.
Esperanto word "Koran" doesn’t come from Arabic, does it?
Esperanto's grammar is very simple.
Esperanto's vocabulary is practically of Latin origin.
Esperanto, Ido, Interlingua, Klingon, Lojban, Na'vi and Volapük are constructed languages.
Esperanto, Ido, Interlingua, Klingon, Lojban, Na’vi and VolapÃ¼k are constructed languages.
Esperanto, an official language of the European Union, finally!
Esperanto, an official language of the European Union, now!
Esperanto, for the most part, has a Latinate grammar. It does have specks of Germanic and Slavic. To me, it has a Japanesque ambiance.
Esperanto, in a sense, is more Daoist or Zen as a language.
Esperanto, international language and easy!
Esperanto, official language of the EU, now!
Esperanto, official language of the European Union, now!
Esperanto, with its 130-year history and abundant literature, can be mastered in one tenth of the time required for learning one of the widespread national languages.
Esperanto-speakers are principally always at least bilingual.
Esperanto: whoever learns this easy language, learns languages easier.
Esperantoland is my homeland.
Esperantujo is my homeland.
Espionage can shape entire nations.
Espionage changes the course of history quietly.
Espionage changes the course of history.
Espionage exploits vulnerabilities.
Espionage is a game of patience.
Espionage is fueled by secrecy.
Espionage lives in the world of whispers.
Espionage often goes unnoticed, but never unseen.
Espionage operates in the shadows of politics.
Espionage plays in the shadows of power.
Espionage requires a careful hand.
Espionage reveals the unseen battles.
Espionage thrives in the shadows.
Espionage thrives in the unseen world.
Espionage thrives in the world of secrets.
Espionage thrives on manipulation.
Espionage uncovers hidden truths.
Essentially a giant measuring stick, the tide staff allowed scientists to manually observe tidal levels.
Essentially it's a one-to-one match, but the content of that match is a level so high as to be unthinkable to an ordinary person.
Essentially it’s a one-to-one match, but the content of that match is a level so high as to be unthinkable to an ordinary person.
Essentially not a "groupthink" idea, each individual really has his or her own religion. Even though the person may belong to an organized religion, which is really a human idealized abstraction, the person has her or his own views about it. So, religion is essentially individualized.
Essentially that story is correct.
Essentially, nothing has changed.
Essentially, you're right.
Establish contact with me tomorrow.
Establish productive relationships with your co-workers.
Establish regular prayers.
Established by the U.S. Congress in 1846, the Smithsonian was the brainchild of James Smithson, a wealthy English chemist who left his estate to the United States for the establishment of an institution in the nation’s capital “for the increase and diffusion of knowledge.”
Established in 1932, the architecture and design collection is the world's first curatorial department devoted to this category.
Esteban doesn't talk about anything other than himself. How can someone be so egocentric!
Esteban is a man of superhuman heightâ€”almost a giant!
Esteban is a man of superhuman height—almost a giant!
Estella and I are going for a walk.
Esther didn't have time to eat the continental breakfast.
Esther disappointed her fans.
Esther doesn't need to study Hebrew.
Esther gave me an IM injection.
Esther giggled.
Esther has Crohn's disease.
Esther has PTSD.
Esther has a number on her arm.
Esther has become a cat.
Esther has had aphasia for the last month.
Esther has irritable bowel syndrome.
Esther has posttraumatic stress disorder.
Esther has social anxiety.
Esther has survived the Holocaust.
Esther is Estonian.
Esther is Mary's wife.
Esther is Rachel's wife.
Esther is a Hebrew teacher.
Esther is a Holocaust survivor.
Esther is a Jewish American.
Esther is a Jewish lesbian.
Esther is a Persian Jew.
Esther is a Yiddish interpreter.
Esther is a lesbian Jew.
Esther is a ruthless feminazi.
Esther is a translator.
Esther is a wildlife rehabilitator.
Esther is adorkable.
Esther is an American Jew.
Esther is an English interpreter.
Esther is an Estonian woman.
Esther is an observant Jew.
Esther is baking challah.
Esther is gay.
Esther is making challah.
Esther is making matza ball soup.
Esther is playing the title role in Jane Eyre.
Esther is playing the title role in a dramatization of the Book of Esther. It's the role she was born to play!
Esther is still getting used to the lithium.
Esther is studying Pirkei Avot with her queer online chaburah.
Esther is the best Hebrew speaker in her peer group.
Esther is the best Yiddish speaker in her peer group.
Esther is the shyest person in her peer group.
Esther isn't my TA.
Esther likes happy hardcore.
Esther lived in a shtetl.
Esther lived in a small town.
Esther lives in New York with her wives.
Esther made the challah.
Esther punched a Nazi.
Esther reads from right to left.
Esther sent me an IM.
Esther sent me an instant message.
Esther survived the Holocaust.
Esther survived the Shoah.
Esther taught me to crochet.
Esther taught me to weave.
Esther teaches Hebrew.
Esther thought the narwhal was so cute.
Esther turned into a cat.
Esther volunteers at a hospital.
Esther was a Persian Jew.
Esther was born on a kibbutz.
Esther wishes she could speak Hebrew as well as Aviva does.
Esther's TSH was high again.
Esther's back on her bullshit.
Esther's cat is a rescue.
Esther's cousin survived the Holocaust by hiding in a storage room close to the Budapest ghetto.
Esther's family are Romaniote Jews.
Esther's family are Sephardi Jews.
Esther's family are Yemenite Jews.
Esther's family is Conservative Jewish.
Esther's family is Hassidic.
Esther's family is Neolog Jewish.
Esther's family is Orthodox Jewish.
Esther's family is Reform Jewish.
Esther's hotel room came with a continental breakfast.
Estimated pension funding and post-retirement benefit payments are based on actuarial estimates using current assumptions for discount rates, expected return on long-term assets, rate of compensation increases and health care cost trend rates.
Estimates are that over 300,000 people were killed and some 1.5 million left homeless.
Estonia has its own hymn.
Estonia has its own national anthem.
Estonia is called "Eesti" in Estonian.
Estonia is in north-east Europe.
Estonia's population is about 1.3 million people.
Estonia, Belarus, Ukraine, Georgia, and Azerbaijan are some of the countries that share a border with Russia.
Estonian, Finnish, and Hungarian are Finno-Ugric languages.
Estonians are closely related to Finns.
Estonians are the closest genetic relatives of Finns.
Estrogen is a hormone.
Estuaries are home to unique plant and animal communities that have adapted to brackish water.
Estuaries experience change many times a day due to tides.
Estuarine dolphins can live in both saltwater and freshwater.
Estuarine organisms can adapt quite well to changing conditions in estuaries. For example, fish or crabs are mobile and can move as needed throughout the day to adjust to changes in the estuary.
EstÃ©vez is the man from Chile.
Estévez is the man from Chile.
Eswatini depends on South Africa for a majority of its exports and imports.
Eswatini is a lower-middle-income country.
Et tu, Tom?
Eternal life is an irrepressible human desire.
Eternal love doesn't exist.
Eternal love lasts about three months.
Eternal love lasts some three years.
Eternal questions are questions whose answers are sought eternally, and the search for them is much more important than the answers themselves.
Eternal rest grant unto them, O Lord, and let perpetual light shine upon them.
Eternal sunshine creates a desert.
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.
Eternity can be described by many terms such as forever and forever and forever and ...
Eternity exists. It exists here...
Eternity is a long time.
Eternity is a really long time.
Eternity is the present moment.
Eternity is very long especially at the end.
Eternity lasts so long.
Ethan built a sandcastle on the beach.
Ethan grilled steaks outdoors.
Ethan rode his bike to school.
Ethanol is an alcohol.
Ethel blushed harder, and stopped smiling.
Ethel was crying; the young man threw himself at her feet.
Ethel was thinking about something else entirely.
Ethereum and Bitcoin are cryptocurrencies.
Ethical virtues, according to Aristotle, are characterized by a middle point between excess and lack.
Ethics is a branch of philosophy that treats of human conduct.
Ethics is a branch of philosophy.
Ethics means the rules of conduct.
Ethiopia has been consumed by conflict.
Ethiopia has one of the best airlines in Africa.
Ethiopia is a Chinese ally.
Ethiopia is a big country.
Ethiopia is a poor country.
Ethiopia is a very mountainous country.
Ethiopia is an ally of China.
Ethiopia is called "Ityop'ia" in Amharic.
Ethiopia is the largest country in Eastern Africa.
Ethiopia lived in misery and poverty for years.
Ethiopia needs to secure its access to the sea.
Ethiopia's Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed has called for restraint in the Ukraine conflict, noting his country's own suffering after a year of war.
Ethiopia’s foreign minister praised U.S. President Barack Obama’s historic speech to the African Union saying Africa needs genuine partners, not those who patronize it.
Ethnic Chinese adopted the free market in Singapore.
Ethnic cleansing is regarded as a crime against humanity.
Ethnic food has generally been very affordable in the U.S.
Ethnic minorities are fighting against prejudice and poverty.
Ethnic minorities struggle against prejudice and poverty.
Ethnic minorities struggle against prejudice, poverty and so on.
Ethnic minorities struggle against prejudice, poverty, and oppression.
Ethnic religions are common among tribal peoples.
Ethnic separatism and violent Islamism need to be nipped in the bud in Algeria.
Ethnic separatism isn't a major concern in Algeria.
Ethnic tensions is the last thing Algeria in general and Kabylie in particular need.
Ethnically, I'm Berber.
Ethnobotany studies the use of plants by human societies.
Ethyl carbamate (also called urethane) can form during the fermentation and storage of foods and beverages that naturally contain nitrogen-rich compounds such as urea, citrulline, and cyanate.
Ethylene is an important petrochemical.
Etna is a volcano in Italy.
Etna is a volcano in Sicily.
Etsy is responsible for Imogen of the Internet's entire economic viability.
Etsy is responsible for Imogen of the Internet’s entire economic viability.
Etymologically, checkmate means "the king is dead". However, the king has not "died" in the game of chess for a long time. In fact, the king is the only piece that cannot even be captured, although checkmate finishes the game and, strictly speaking, can be considered as a "death" for the king.
Etymologies fascinate me.
Etymology fascinates me.
Euan was too stubborn to go to school today.
Euan's sandwich was made of bread and jelly.
Eucalyptus leaves are long and thin.
Eucalyptus leaves are poisonous to most mammals.
Euchre is kind of like spades or hearts.
Euchre is played by two pairs.
Euchre is played by two two-person teams.
Euclid was a famous Greek mathematician.
Euclid's main work is called Elements.
Eugene is a genealogist.
Eugene will get the Ig Noble prize for his contribution to literature.
Eugene! My poor Eugene! Open your eyes and look at me! Why don't you answer?
Eugenia shared with us her favorite oils for cleaning the face and protecting the skin.
Eugenie was sublime, she was a woman.
Eugenio didn't like lifting weights or doing sit-ups, or get tired at all, so it was a struggle for his personal trainer to find a way to make him lose weight.
Eugenio grabbed an ounce of chocolate and looked at it with satisfaction. He was on a diet, but after an hour at the gym, he believed he earned it.
Eugenio started to realize he had a problem when he started to struggle putting his pants on, because of how fat his legs had gotten. At that point he started taking things more seriously.
Eugenio, going to the gym doesn't mean taking yourself there and sitting on a bench. It means using the equipment and getting moving!
Eugènie has a big ass.
Eugènie has large buttocks.
Eukaryotes are biologically superior to prokaryotes.
Eukaryotes make up one of the three groups of living organisms.
Eukaryotic cells have nuclei.
Eulachon are an anadromous forage fish and are endemic to the northeastern Pacific Ocean; they range from northern California to southwest and south-central Alaska and into the southeastern Bering Sea.
Euler's identity really is remarkable.
Eunuchs are castrated male slaves.
Eurasian magpies pass the mirror test.
Eureka!
Euripides was a student of Anaxagoras.
Euro 2012 is being hosted jointly by Poland and Ukraine.
Europa and Enceladus are thought to have an ocean of liquid water beneath their surface.
Europa is a Jovian moon.
Europa is a little smaller than Earth’s moon. Its ocean is buried under about 15 to 25 kilometers of ice. Experts believe the ocean itself to be anywhere from 60 to 150 kilometers deep.
Europa is a moon of Jupiter.
Europa is at its apogee.
Europa is one of the satellites of Jupiter.
Europa is thought to have subsurface liquid water.
Europe (often called the "Old Continent") is one of the seven continents occupying the western end of Eurasia. Therefore, there is no true distinction between Asia and Europe except that of the thinker. This division was first made by the ancient Greeks. The west is bounded by the Atlantic Ocean, the north by the Arctic Ocean, the south by the Mediterranean Sea, and the east by Asia.
Europe and America are separated by the Atlantic Ocean.
Europe and Asia are the same continent.
Europe and the United States are powers that spread democracy with bombs.
Europe can only assert itself with the very high quality wines which it has.
Europe can't do without Russian gas.
Europe doesn't exist.
Europe doesn't need anyone.
Europe gave up on national sovereignty.
Europe has a common currency; let's give it a common language: Esperanto.
Europe has a smaller population than Asia.
Europe has a very important cultural heritage.
Europe has addressed energy issues and climate change far more seriously than the United States has.
Europe has already started to abandon Ukraine to pursue its economic interests. Zelensky's tears were in vain.
Europe has an old saying, "An apple a day keeps the doctor away."
Europe has fallen into a vicious circle. It has been hit not only by debt but also by a lack of growth.
Europe has its own currency; let's give it a common language: Esperanto.
Europe has more culture!
Europe has no future if it cannot overcome nationalism.
Europe has replaced China as the epicenter of the pandemic.
Europe helps to uphold the norms and rules that can maintain peace and promote prosperity around the world.
Europe is a continent of energetic peoples.
Europe is a continent.
Europe is a minnow when it comes to the chips that are vital to high-end manufacturing.
Europe is a peninsula in Western Eurasia.
Europe is a real treasure.
Europe is a social construct.
Europe is a treasure.
Europe is an old continent with a long, rich history.
Europe is at a crossroads.
Europe is cold in the winter.
Europe is demonizing Orban.
Europe is devising a strategy to prevent water-borne diseases.
Europe is divided.
Europe is in complete political chaos.
Europe is in crisis.
Europe is in extreme disarray.
Europe is more dangerous than I thought.
Europe is not a country.
Europe is not really a continent; it juts westward out of Eurasia, the continent, as India juts southward out thereof.
Europe is now dependent on American creativity.
Europe is now reported to be entirely free of new cases of this disease.
Europe is our biggest market.
Europe is shivering through bitter cold as Christmas snow and ice has snarled traffic on German autobahns and piled up snowdrifts in several Eastern European countries.
Europe is so weak politically speaking.
Europe is still suffering from the injuries of two world wars.
Europe is the biggest consumer of Algeria's gas.
Europe is weaker than ever.
Europe isn't a country.
Europe looks like a paradise now.
Europe must face the problems posed by its ageing population.
Europe must face the problems posed by the aging of its population.
Europe needs to step back.
Europe should all be one country.
Europe should take a tougher stance in order to put Russia under diplomatic pressure.
Europe still needs Russia.
Europe today is a political vassal of the USA.
Europe wants its imperialistic borders to be south of the Sahara.
Europe was ravaged by COVID-19.
Europe was ringing with his name and his room was literally ankle-deep with congratulatory telegrams.
Europe's Chinese food is nothing like China's Chinese food.
Europe's VIRGO detector has detected gravitational waves for the first time.
Europe's biggest problem is its politicians being good for nothing and their policy leading to nowhere.
Europe's economic competitiveness was ensured by Russia's cheap energy carriers.
Europe's overproduction is undercutting Algeria's agricultural sector.
Europe's tallest volcano is called Etna.
Europe, in the 20th century, was at constant war. People starved on this continent. Families were separated on this continent. And now people desperately want to come here precisely because of what you've created. You can't take that for granted.
Europe, with its four distinct seasons, is the most suitable environment for the human race to live in.
European Fish Week starts on June 4th.
European Portuguese is different from Brazilian Portuguese.
European Portuguese is the Danish of Iberia.
European Portuguese sounds like Spanish as spoken by a Russian.
European Portuguese sounds like a mix of Spanish, Russian, and French.
European Portuguese, Portuguese of Portugal, Lusitanian Portuguese, or Continental Portuguese is the designation given to the original language spoken in Portugal and by Portuguese immigrants scattered around the world, encompassing its regional dialects, vocabulary, grammar, and spelling.
European Spanish sounds like Greek, and European Portuguese sounds like Russian.
European Union countries have agreed to cut their greenhouse gas emissions by 55 percent from their 1990 levels by 2030.
European Union finance ministers agreed to new measures on Tuesday to force accountants and banks to report aggressive tax schemes that help companies shift profits to low-tax countries.
European Union officials are forecasting an economic rebound within the bloc later, by mid-year, as long as there is progress in combatting the coronavirus pandemic.
European Union officials insisted that national governments should not close borders or stop the free movement of people within the so-called Schengen zone.
European and Brazilian Portuguese sound very different.
European civilization had its birth in these lands.
European congers can weigh as much as 120 kilos.
European countries should conduct a special operation to de-nazify non-existent Russia, which is a mere collection of former soviet colonies.
European currencies weakened against the dollar.
European explorers began establishing footholds in India during the 16th century.
European green crabs are invading North America.
European green crabs have devastated eelgrass habitats, digging up native vegetation as they burrow for shelter or dig for prey.
European hedgehogs mostly eat insects.
European immigration also began to wane in the 1930s because of the global depression.
European languages have many borrowings from Latin and Greek.
European languages have many loanwords from Latin and Greek.
European languages have many words from Latin and Greek.
European markets are mixed Tuesday as the worsening coronavirus pandemic around the world, coupled with political turmoil in the United States, is putting a damper on trading activity.
European officials say they fear the spread could quickly develop into a pandemic.
European plugs don't work here.
European politicians are trolls.
European scientists have discovered a potentially habitable planet orbiting Proxima Centauri, the closest star to our solar system.
European scientists say a recently completed DNA map of the Iceman—the well-preserved, 5,300-year-old mummy discovered in a melting Alpine glacier in 1991—is yielding new details about the man's physical look, his ethnic origins and his health—including an apparent predisposition for heart disease.
European surnames among Ashkenazi Jews are a result of cultural genocide.
Europeans and Americans are interested in making money in Algeria.
Europeans are healthier without all that American junk food.
Europeans are the largest consumers of alcohol in the world.
Europeans are the world's largest consumers of alcohol.
Europeans call soccer football.
Europeans can invest in Algeria.
Europeans drink, on average, 12.5 liters of pure alcohol per year.
Europeans find truth in wine, Russians in vodka.
Europeans gained an advantage over all other civilizations 500 years ago.
Europeans have always been the first Europeans to discover places that weren't Europe.
Europeans have vented their frustration over rising prices and shrinking purchasing power.
Europeans like to drink wine.
Europeans love to drink wine.
Europeans love wine.
Europeans never colonized Ethiopia, but not for lack of trying.
Europeans today are just like Americans.
Europeans tried to civilise the tribe.
Europeans tried to civilize the tribe.
Europeans, wake up, war is on your doorstep.
Europe’s Green political parties appear to be coming of age.
Europe’s fruit and vegetable farmers are warning that the continent’s fresh food supplies will be increasingly squeezed.
Europe’s indices soared on news from U.S.-based drug maker Moderna that its experimental coronavirus vaccine is more than 90% effective, based on preliminary data from its late-stage clinical trial.
Europe’s international law enforcement agency said Wednesday ransomware outpaced all other forms of cybercrime in 2017, making it the most dangerous current online threat.
Europium is a chemical element with the symbol Eu.
Europium is the name for the element with atomic number 63 and is represented by the symbol Eu. It is a member of the lanthanide group.
Euros are worth more than Canadian dollars.
Eurydice, shortly after her marriage, while wandering with the nymphs, her companions, was seen by the shepherd Aristæus, who was struck with her beauty and made advances to her. She fled, and in flying trod upon a snake in the grass, was bitten in the foot, and died.
Eusebius: Right, so you hunted for religion in war? What could be more evil? Pampirus: It was a holy war. Eu: Perhaps against the Turks? Pa: No, something holier, as they said at the time. Eu: What? Pa: Julius the Second waged war against the French.
Eusociality developed independently multiple times.
Euthanasia comes into conflict with the Hippocratic oath.
Euthanasia is not permitted in Brazil.
Euthanasia isn't the answer.
Eutrophication is a big word that describes a big problem in the nation's estuaries.
Eva climbed the stairs to Romer's office, trying to analyse the complex smell in the stairwell - a cross between mushrooms and soot, ancient stour and mildew, she decided.
Eva considers herself to be a true voluptuary.
Eva cried out, "They're boring! They're not eastern!"
Eva is a Dutch citizen.
Eva is cleverer than I am.
Eva is cleverer than me.
Eva is my favorite classmate.
Eva is not such an ugly girl.
Eva is the same size as Tim.
Eva likes dogs, but not cats.
Eva realised her dream of becoming a prominent sportswoman in the Olympics.
Eva shouted, "They're boring! They're not eastern!"
Evacuation orders have been issued.
Evacuation will be difficult.
Evacuations were ordered.
Evaluate Tom.
Evaluate your progress.
Evaluation isn't always objective.
Evaluations are important.
Evan is just a little boy. How should he know what to do?
Evangelical Christians believe in the importance of spreading the Gospel.
Evangelical Christians emphasize the importance of personal faith and Bible study.
Evangelical Christians prioritize evangelism and sharing their faith journey.
Evangelical Christians strive to live out their faith in daily life.
Evangelical Christians value spreading the Gospel to non-believers.
Evangelical believers find strength in fellowship and communal worship.
Evangelical believers often gather for prayer and worship in community settings.
Evangelical churches often organize events to share their faith with others.
Evangelical services feature passionate worship and biblical preaching.
Evangeline Lilly is Canadian.
Evaporation from oceans, lakes, and rivers creates 90% of the water in air.
Evaporation is the reverse of condensation.
Evapotranspiration is the sum of all processes by which water moves from the land surface to the atmosphere via evaporation and transpiration.
Evaristo, the first black woman to win the coveted prize, was recognized for her novel "Girl, Woman, Other."
Eve drinks only coffee.
Eve gave Adam the apple of knowledge.
Eve gave Adam two beautiful red apples.
Eve gave birth to a son.
Eve plucked fruit from the tree of knowledge.
Eve swore Minnie to secrecy in hopes that she wouldn't tattle about what they'd done.
Eve usually wakes me up with a kiss.
Eve usually wakes me up with kisses.
Evelina Sašenko represented Lithuania in the 2011 Eurovision Song Contest.
Even 30 minutes is too long.
Even Aladdin's genie could not fulfill your wishes.
Even Algerian academic Said Chemakh referred to that organization as a terrorist group.
Even Biden is leagues better than Clinton was.
Even Blaire White admits she knew she was trans when she was five.
Even Chinese dignitaries were invited to visit the monument.
Even Dan was baffled.
Even David doesn't believe Martha's lies.
Even Death likes to play chess, as I saw the other day in a movie (The seventh seal) by Ingmar Bergman.
Even Dmitri had a gun.
Even Donald's friends started turning their backs on him.
Even Dwarfs Started Small is a 1970 film by German director Werner Herzog.
Even German tourists are being detained here.
Even God can't make two times two not make four.
Even God cannot make two times two not make four.
Even Hakim Luqman has no medicine for superstition.
Even Hildegard von Bingen is said to have recommended eating spelt bread.
Even Homer sometimes nods.
Even I can do it.
Even I can do something as simple as that.
Even I can do that.
Even I can sing.
Even I can speak a little French.
Even I can understand this sentence. It's very easy to understand.
Even I can't believe that.
Even I can't do that.
Even I can't endure it.
Even I can't explain it!
Even I can't explain it.
Even I can’t believe that.
Even I can’t endure it.
Even I cried.
Even I don't know how to do that.
Even I don't know that.
Even I don't know what to do.
Even I don't like to fight.
Even I don't understand what I say anymore.
Even I don't understand why I like Tom this much.
Even I don't understand.
Even I don't want to do that.
Even I myself was surprised.
Even I reason like him.
Even I started small. Today, the largest trade chain in Austria belongs to me.
Even I still haven't done it.
Even I thought that he lied.
Even I understand this stuff.
Even I was defeated.
Even I was impressed with Tom's singing.
Even I was once young.
Even I would have helped her.
Even I would have helped them.
Even I would have helped you.
Even Japanese can make mistakes when they speak Japanese.
Even Japanese people make mistakes using the prefixes 'o' and 'go'.
Even Japanese people make mistakes using the prefixes ’o’ and ’go’.
Even June is not so far off.
Even Karl seemed concerned.
Even Kōbō Daishi's calligraphy is sometimes at fault.
Even Leonardo DiCaprio's enchanted life includes airport delays.
Even Linux can be hacked.
Even Mark felt bad for Jessica.
Even Mark, the coolest guy in school, started hitting on Jessica.
Even Michael's snoring couldn't wake Linda up that night.
Even Michael's yelling couldn't wipe out Linda's smile that day.
Even Muslim scholars say this.
Even Paul's kids had Snapchat.
Even Rima and Skura cried.
Even Rima cried.
Even Robert was growing on me.
Even Said Chemakh called that organization terrorist.
Even Satan rebukes you.
Even Tom admitted to this.
Even Tom agreed to help.
Even Tom and Mary are a little surprised.
Even Tom and Mary are listening.
Even Tom and Mary are swimming.
Even Tom and Mary don't dance anymore.
Even Tom and Mary don't do that anymore.
Even Tom and Mary don't do that.
Even Tom and Mary don't go to Boston anymore.
Even Tom and Mary don't have one of these yet.
Even Tom and Mary don't know about it yet.
Even Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
Even Tom and Mary don't know it yet.
Even Tom and Mary don't think they'll be able to do that.
Even Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Even Tom and Mary know that.
Even Tom and Mary think that the price is too high.
Even Tom and Mary were baffled.
Even Tom and Mary were crying.
Even Tom and Mary were doing that.
Even Tom and Mary were having fun today.
Even Tom and Mary were impressed.
Even Tom and Mary were scared.
Even Tom and Mary were somewhat impressed.
Even Tom and Mary were speaking French.
Even Tom and Mary were surprised to hear that.
Even Tom and Mary were surprised.
Even Tom and Mary weren't convinced.
Even Tom came.
Even Tom can do it.
Even Tom can do that.
Even Tom can do this.
Even Tom can make a mistake.
Even Tom can speak French.
Even Tom can swim.
Even Tom can understand French.
Even Tom can't do that.
Even Tom can't do this.
Even Tom condemns that.
Even Tom could tell Mary was jealous.
Even Tom could tell that Mary was jealous.
Even Tom couldn't blame Mary for everything.
Even Tom couldn't do that.
Even Tom couldn't help.
Even Tom couldn't resist Mary's charms.
Even Tom cried.
Even Tom did it.
Even Tom did that.
Even Tom didn't agree.
Even Tom didn't do that.
Even Tom didn't have to do that.
Even Tom didn't know how to do that.
Even Tom didn't know that.
Even Tom didn't know the answer.
Even Tom didn't know what to do.
Even Tom didn't need to do that.
Even Tom didn't pretend that the movie was interesting.
Even Tom didn't try to help us.
Even Tom didn't wait.
Even Tom didn't want to do that.
Even Tom doesn't dance anymore.
Even Tom doesn't do that anymore.
Even Tom doesn't do that.
Even Tom doesn't go to Australia anymore.
Even Tom doesn't go to Boston anymore.
Even Tom doesn't have one of these yet.
Even Tom doesn't hug Mary anymore.
Even Tom doesn't know Mary.
Even Tom doesn't know about it yet.
Even Tom doesn't know how to do that.
Even Tom doesn't know it yet.
Even Tom doesn't like Mary.
Even Tom doesn't think he'll be able to do that.
Even Tom doesn't think he'll get the job.
Even Tom doesn't want to do that.
Even Tom dressed up.
Even Tom failed today's exam.
Even Tom gave his assent.
Even Tom got there early.
Even Tom got up early today.
Even Tom grinned.
Even Tom had no complaints.
Even Tom had to laugh.
Even Tom has his doubts.
Even Tom has to eat something.
Even Tom himself doesn't think he'll be able to do that.
Even Tom himself doesn't think he'll get the job.
Even Tom himself was deceived by that.
Even Tom himself wasn't convinced.
Even Tom hugged Mary.
Even Tom is a little interested in learning French.
Even Tom is a little surprised.
Even Tom is afraid of Mary.
Even Tom is crying.
Even Tom is intimidated by Mary.
Even Tom is listening.
Even Tom is surprised Mary lied.
Even Tom is surprised that Mary lied.
Even Tom is swimming.
Even Tom knew Mary didn't like spinach.
Even Tom knew it.
Even Tom knew that Mary didn't like spinach.
Even Tom knew that.
Even Tom knew.
Even Tom knows that.
Even Tom laughed.
Even Tom left early.
Even Tom lied to us.
Even Tom lied.
Even Tom looked annoyed.
Even Tom looked happy.
Even Tom looked surprised.
Even Tom looked worried.
Even Tom needs a little help.
Even Tom offered to help.
Even Tom ought to be able to do that.
Even Tom participated.
Even Tom said he didn't want to do that.
Even Tom said he'd help.
Even Tom said something.
Even Tom said that he didn't want to do that.
Even Tom said that he'd help.
Even Tom scored today.
Even Tom seemed to enjoy the movie.
Even Tom seemed to understand that.
Even Tom should be able to do that.
Even Tom smiled.
Even Tom spoke French.
Even Tom spoke to me in French.
Even Tom stayed until the end of the party.
Even Tom thinks Mary is beautiful.
Even Tom thinks so.
Even Tom thinks that Mary is beautiful.
Even Tom thinks that the price is too high.
Even Tom waited.
Even Tom wanted to do that.
Even Tom was afraid.
Even Tom was baffled.
Even Tom was crying.
Even Tom was doing that.
Even Tom was excited to meet Mary.
Even Tom was having fun today.
Even Tom was impressed.
Even Tom was laughing.
Even Tom was moved.
Even Tom was scared.
Even Tom was smiling.
Even Tom was somewhat impressed.
Even Tom was speaking French.
Even Tom was surprised Mary lied.
Even Tom was surprised that Mary lied.
Even Tom was surprised to hear that.
Even Tom was surprised.
Even Tom was worried.
Even Tom wasn't able to answer the teacher's questions.
Even Tom wasn't convinced.
Even Tom went to Australia with us.
Even Tom went to Boston with us.
Even Tom will benefit from that.
Even Tom won't be able to help us.
Even Tom would do that.
Even Tom would have been shocked.
Even Tom would've been shocked.
Even Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to ask Mary to do that.
Even Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to do that.
Even Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to eat that.
Even Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to say something like that.
Even Tom wouldn't do that.
Even Tom wouldn't help.
Even Tom's back was hairy.
Even Tom's brother didn't believe Tom.
Even Tom's brother didn't believe him.
Even Tom's enemies admit he's a just man.
Even Tom's enemies admit that he's a just man.
Even Tom's lawyer looked confused.
Even William decided to leave the school.
Even Ziri and Rima cried.
Even Ziri cried.
Even Ziri doesn't know what to do.
Even Ziri has done this from time to time.
Even Ziri needs a break.
Even Ziri was drunk.
Even Ziri wouldn't be able to cheer Rima up this time.
Even Ziri's friends don't know about Rima.
Even a baby can do it.
Even a baby would understand it.
Even a big guy like you might not be able to move this.
Even a black cow's milk is white.
Even a black hen lays white eggs.
Even a blind chicken can find a grain of corn.
Even a blind chicken sometimes finds a grain of corn.
Even a blind person has their own point of view.
Even a blind squirrel finds an acorn sometimes.
Even a brief power cut can bring work to a standstill for hours.
Even a brief rest interrupts this strain; it unclogs the wheels of action.
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.
Even a cat may look at a king.
Even a cheap frying pan will last a long time if used carefully.
Even a cheap frying pan will last a long time if you treat it well.
Even a cheap frying pan will last a long time if you use it properly.
Even a chief detective like Tom fails in doing his job, without the huge help of colleagues and associates.
Even a child can answer it.
Even a child can answer the question.
Even a child can do it.
Even a child can do such a thing.
Even a child can do that.
Even a child can read this.
Even a child can see that.
Even a child can understand it.
Even a child can understand that.
Even a child can understand this.
Even a child can use it.
Even a child could answer that question.
Even a child could do it.
Even a child could drive it.
Even a child could understand what I'm telling you.
Even a child is able to recognize the difference.
Even a child is supposed to have reason.
Even a child knows right from wrong.
Even a child knows that.
Even a child knows what it is like to be without friends.
Even a child would notice the difference.
Even a child would see the difference.
Even a child would understand this.
Even a child would've understood.
Even a clock that is stopped shows the correct time twice a day.
Even a cloudy sky can be very beautiful.
Even a coach needs a coach.
Even a criminal has the right to liberty.
Even a dark night doesn't last forever.
Even a day would be too long.
Even a dead fish can swim with the current.
Even a dead tree may brighten a mountain.
Even a dog knows his master after five days.
Even a fat slob like you can probably find a girlfriend.
Even a flea can bite.
Even a fly feels, when you torture it.
Even a fool can understand that.
Even a fool could see that.
Even a fool could understand that.
Even a fool knows that.
Even a freshman can do that.
Even a genius makes mistakes.
Even a glass eye can see its blindness.
Even a good computer cannot beat you at chess.
Even a guy like me can understand this.
Even a handful of Muslims have their own mosques in this country.
Even a hardened policeman can't be prepared for such a cruel murder scene.
Even a hundred million dollars wouldn't be enough.
Even a kid can do it.
Even a kid can do that.
Even a kid can do this.
Even a kid could do this.
Even a kid would notice.
Even a large sum of money cannot take the place of a man's life.
Even a large sum of money cannot take the place of a man’s life.
Even a little bit would help.
Even a little boy knows his own name.
Even a little boy knows this.
Even a little child knows its name.
Even a loser can dress for success.
Even a male giraffe cannot handle ten lions.
Even a man like Tom would likely appreciate this.
Even a man like Tom would probably enjoy doing that.
Even a man like me could do something like that.
Even a minor injury can kill you.
Even a monkey can do this.
Even a monkey can solve a problem as simple as this one.
Even a nightingale isn't without its gall.
Even a nightingale isn’t without its gall.
Even a numbskull can hit a good idea now and then.
Even a professional thief sometimes gets caught.
Even a psychiatrist would struggle to comprehend your perverted mind.
Even a quarter kilometer away, the sound of the bomb was heard.
Even a rabbit, if badgered into a corner, will fight back.
Even a rare guest wears out his welcome after three days.
Even a simple loaf of bread can be a culinary delight.
Even a small amount of human blood in the water can attract sharks from miles away.
Even a small amount of methanol can cause blindness.
Even a small donation would help.
Even a small mistake could have large consequences.
Even a small needle can stab through a heart.
Even a small prize attracts new participants to the contest.
Even a small sound from the TV interferes with my concentration.
Even a small step can change everything.
Even a small wound can be fatal.
Even a sophist who deceives without deceiving himself is not yet an impostor, as long as he confines himself to the authority of reason, even though he abuses it.
Even a spark is enough to burn down a forest.
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Even a stopped clock shows the right time twice a day.
Even a straw shoe belongs to a pair.
Even a stupid person knows some things.
Even a teacher can make mistakes.
Even a thousand-mile-long journey begins with the first step.
Even a woman like me could do something like that.
Even a worm will turn.
Even adults do a lot of stupid things.
Even adults get scared.
Even after I get a job, I think I'll still want to continue some form of music.
Even after I went to bed, I was conscious of the voices in the parlor.
Even after Rima passed out, the legionnaires continued kicking her.
Even after Tom had been drinking all night, he didn't find Mary attractive.
Even after a nuclear apocalypse, life on Earth would still be a more hopeful prospect than human colonization of Mars.
Even after a single glass of champagne I have found that the slight mental exaltation is accompanied by a slight obfuscation.
Even after all my objections, she rode home.
Even after all my objections, she went home.
Even after all of my objections, she left home.
Even after being approved, difficulties might arise in the actual construction of the line.
Even after consulting with natives, I don't really understand this sentence.
Even after delivery, it is bad to drink alcohol during the period of breastfeeding.
Even after delivery, you can't drink alcohol when you are breastfeeding.
Even after examining the image for a longer time, Tom could not say whether the person it depicted was computer-generated or genuine.
Even after he converted to Islam, he wasn't made to feel welcome in that community.
Even after it was hit, the pole was still upright.
Even after its blossoming season ends in May, the shrub flaunts an abundance of showy gray-green leaves.
Even after living in France for three years, I can't speak French for the life of me.
Even after several complaints, no response was forthcoming.
Even after sunset there was little moderation in the temperature.
Even after the apocalypse, Mrs. Jackson still insisted on the completion of homework.
Even after the legal age of adulthood got lowered to 18, it seems like there's still a lot of places where they continue to do their coming of age ceremonies at 20, as they'd been doing before.
Even after they split up, Sami and Layla continued to have sex.
Even after twelve months, Tom can't accept that it's over between him and Mary.
Even after years, he remembered every detail of their first meeting.
Even alone, I feel great.
Even an expert driver can make a mistake.
Even an intelligent child cannot understand.
Even an intelligent child couldn't understand this.
Even angels can't satisfy everyone.
Even angels eat beans.
Even as America celebrates Black History Month, which ends next week, the individual accomplishments of African Americans like Joseph Rainey are often overlooked. Now, his service to the country is beginning to receive greater recognition.
Even as COVID-19 abates, the threat of crime deters commerce.
Even as Finland is often imagined as a land of ice and snow, the trees in her Nordic country "have no problem surviving the winter," she said. "Then we have a very nice summer, a lot of sunlight. That's when the trees grow."
Even as a baby, Mary was unusually small.
Even as a child, William's charisma was apparent in his ability to make friends easily.
Even as a youngster growing up in New York City in the 1950s, it was clear that Nicholas Negroponte would find a way to combine his love and aptitude for art and mathematics.
Even as he consolidated all power around himself, Augustus would only claim to be "first citizen."
Even as he was speaking, a shot rang out.
Even as we speak, envious time will have fled: seize the day, trusting as little as possible in the hereafter.
Even as we stand here tonight, we know there are brave Americans waking up in the deserts of Iraq and the mountains of Afghanistan to risk their lives for us.
Even as we stand here tonight, we know there are brave Americans waking up in the deserts of Iraq and the mountains of Afghanistan, to risk their lives for us.
Even as we take new steps to reduce U.S. greenhouse gas emissions, we must also prepare for the impacts of a changing climate that are already being felt across the country.
Even assuming you're right, we can't approve your plan.
Even at 50 years old, she's still breathtakingly beautiful.
Even at 50, Mary can still turn heads.
Even at a distance I could smell her sweet perfume, feel her tender warm touch, bathe in the ineffable light of those beautiful luring green eyes.
Even at half price, these clothes seem expensive.
Even at night, the street where I reside is too noisy.
Even at nighttime, it was not quiet and peaceful any more.
Even at that early age the other children could probably tell there was something wrong, despite the fact that I never suspected anything of the sort; and this was to be the case for a long time to come.
Even at the end of the nineteenth century, sailors in the British Navy were not permitted to use knives and forks because using them was considered a sign of weakness.
Even back home, that's what we say.
Even beautiful people have problems.
Even beautiful women and handsome men sometimes use dating websites.
Even beauty gets dull.
Even before French colonization, Algeria had diplomatic relations with foreign powers.
Even before Mark was sick, he wasn't very nice.
Even before Reagan and the Supreme Court stifled it, OSHA was a farce.
Even before the House voted Tuesday, Pence sent a letter to Pelosi explaining he would not take action under the 25th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, which allows for the vice president and a majority of the Cabinet to declare a president unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office.
Even before the Supreme Court ruling, the UK's policies had increased suicides by transgender minors sixteenfold, which the government subsequently tried to cover up.
Even before the first results were announced, there were rumblings of discontent. The last-minute disqualification of 55 candidates left open the question of how their supporters' votes would be counted.
Even before the plastic surgery, Mary wasn't unattractive.
Even being called a playboy, I don't feel bad.
Even better!
Even blind guys are drooling over Anna.
Even boiling an egg can be a challenge for him.
Even by bringing the proof that you're the best to some people, some people won't choose to believe you and to believe in you.
Even cake shops are closed!
Even children can read this book.
Even children can understand it.
Even children can understand this book.
Even children know that.
Even children know this.
Even children need to make sense of the world.
Even children would know things like that.
Even chocolate contains vitamins.
Even chocolate has vitamins.
Even coaches need a coach.
Even cold oden are pretty good.
Even crocodiles are scared of hippopotamuses.
Even crooked tree gives shade.
Even death isn't free, because it costs a life.
Even dictionaries make mistakes.
Even disaster is better than such a divorce between emotion and action.
Even drunken celebrity tweets look better in 24-point Georgia.
Even during the hard times, Marco continued to be my friend.
Even during work, I secretly indulge my Internet addiction.
Even experienced hikers can easily get turned around out here if they go off-trail.
Even experienced pilots make diligent use of checklists.
Even expert drivers can make mistakes.
Even faced with danger, he remained calm.
Even fleas bite.
Even for Tom, that's sloppy.
Even for a Middle Easterner as you, my mother, olive-skinned, looks unusual, because she is partly Mongoloid. She is like a Macanese mestiza.
Even for all the money in the world, I wouldn't do that!
Even for quarrels, a common language is needed.
Even for the mere flight of a butterfly all the sky is necessary.
Even from afar, you can tell it's him just by the shape of his body and his clothes.
Even fully vaccinated, it's still possible to catch COVID.
Even geniuses sometimes make mistakes.
Even given what you say, I still think you are to blame.
Even goats have beards.
Even gods die when no one believes in them any longer.
Even good friends should make an effort to keep up their friendship.
Even harmless-looking Diophantine equations with rather small coefficients can have absurdly large smallest solutions.
Even having understood, it is a difficult theory to explain.
Even he cried.
Even he doesn't know about that.
Even he reasons like her.
Even he reasons like me.
Even he stopped smoking.
Even he's crying.
Even hell can be a nice place to live when you get used to it.
Even higher-tech products, like computers, can be modified to suit local conditions. The One Laptop Per Child initiative was created by the U.S. non-profit group of the same name. The green and white laptops are lightweight, durable, and can be hand-cranked or solar-powered. They use open-source software, which allows children and their teachers to adapt the software to their needs.
Even his accent is Kabyle.
Even his everyday speech was an off-the-cuff, tangential, disjointed narrative.
Even his friends have abandoned him.
Even his maid speaks fluent Berber.
Even his name escapes him.
Even his own shadow was enough to scare Peter.
Even his servants despised him.
Even his teacher didn't understand him.
Even his teacher didn’t understand him.
Even his weekend house is bigger than my family house.
Even hobbyists like us can tell that it's bad.
Even idiots can give good advice.
Even if Chinese is hard I must continue studying it.
Even if God didn't exist, it would be again nice to have been created.
Even if I admit that, I cannot agree with you.
Even if I am rich, I won’t buy that house.
Even if I am wrong, you are not quite right.
Even if I came, what good would it do?
Even if I did that, Tom wouldn't be happy.
Even if I die, no one will care.
Even if I don't agree with your choice, I respect it.
Even if I don't get a high salary, I'm not willing to quit this way of making a living.
Even if I don't live in Tel Aviv, I would do anything to live there.
Even if I don’t arrive on time, you must keep waiting.
Even if I explained it to you, you wouldn't understand it.
Even if I finish the project early, I'll still attend the meeting.
Even if I go make love with some girl before midnight, I will never forget your kindness.
Even if I go make love with some guy before midnight, I will never forget your kindness.
Even if I grant that what you say is true, it is no excuse.
Even if I had enough money, I still wouldn't buy a Ferrari.
Even if I had enough money, I still wouldn’t buy a Ferrari.
Even if I had enough money, I wouldn't buy one of those.
Even if I had the money, I wouldn't buy that.
Even if I had wished to stop, I couldn't.
Even if I had wished to stop, I couldn’t.
Even if I happen to be contradicted, I said it and swore it.
Even if I have to go through African countries, I won't be afraid.
Even if I have to sell my house, I'll keep my business going.
Even if I have to sell my house, I’ll keep my business going.
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
Even if I knew the answer, I wouldn't tell you.
Even if I knew where Tom and Mary were, I wouldn't tell you.
Even if I knew where Tom was, I wouldn't tell you.
Even if I knew, I couldn't tell you.
Even if I knew, I wouldn't tell you.
Even if I said it, you wouldn't understand it anyway.
Even if I saw it, I wouldn't believe it.
Even if I say nothing, it will cause a stir.
Even if I tried to be a people pleaser, I'm sure I'd fail at it.
Even if I try to connect to the internet, I can't connect.
Even if I try, it's no use, anyway.
Even if I use both hands, I can't crack an egg without breaking the yolk.
Even if I videotaped it, I probably wouldn't watch it anyway.
Even if I wanted to do that, I couldn't.
Even if I wanted to do that, I don't have enough money.
Even if I wanted to do that, I don't have enough time.
Even if I wanted to do that, I don't think my parents would let me.
Even if I wanted to, I could never explain what happened in there.
Even if I wanted to, I couldn't do that.
Even if I wanted to, I couldn't help you.
Even if I wanted to, I couldn’t do that.
Even if I was interested, I don't have the time.
Even if I wasn't afraid of spiders, I wouldn't want to keep one as a pet.
Even if I were a dwarf, I would still be a giant.
Even if I were never to see him again, the memory of him would always be a comfort to me.
Even if I were rich, I wouldn't give him money.
Even if I were rich, I wouldn't give money to Tom.
Even if I were rich, I wouldn't give money to him.
Even if I were rich, I wouldn't give that guy any money.
Even if I were rich, I wouldn’t give money to him.
Even if I'd been allowed to do that, I probably wouldn't have.
Even if I'd been invited to Tom's party, I probably wouldn't have gone.
Even if I'd had enough money, I wouldn't have bought it.
Even if I'd had enough money, I wouldn't have bought that.
Even if I'd wanted to do that, I wouldn't have.
Even if I'd wanted to, I wouldn't have done that.
Even if I'm going to stay at home by myself, I'm not going any place at all today.
Even if I’m going to stay at home by myself, I’m not going any place at all today.
Even if Jupiter is a massive planet, it's nothing compared to the Sun.
Even if Mary had wanted to do that, she wouldn't have.
Even if Mary had wanted to, she wouldn't have done that.
Even if Russia 100% stops delivering gas today, Europe can endure this with no major problems.
Even if Smither can safely determine the mural is there, would da Vinci's "Battle of Anghiari" ever see light of day without damaging the Vasari fresco standing in front of it?
Even if Tom and Mary had wanted to do that, they wouldn't have.
Even if Tom and Mary had wanted to, they wouldn't have done that.
Even if Tom asked Mary politely to do that, she wouldn't.
Even if Tom comes to see me, tell him I'm not at home.
Even if Tom doesn't do that, I think Mary will.
Even if Tom had invited me, I wouldn't have gone.
Even if Tom had wanted to do that, he wouldn't have.
Even if Tom had wanted to, he wouldn't have done that.
Even if Tom invited me, I wouldn't go.
Even if Tom is busy, he'll do that.
Even if Tom saw us, he wouldn't say anything.
Even if Tom swore that it was true, I still wouldn't believe it.
Even if Trump has already left office, a Senate impeachment conviction after his term ends would bar him from holding federal office again.
Even if Yanni confesses, Skura will punish him.
Even if Ziri feels bad, it's his job to make sure others don't.
Even if Ziri leaves, it won't change a thing.
Even if Ziri spoke, it wouldn't have changed the outcome.
Even if a hedgehog, a mole, an otter, a rabbit or an opossum looks like a rodent, it isn't.
Even if a lion wears a chain around its neck; He is lord and master of those who make the shackles check.
Even if a monkey dresses in silk, it's still a monkey.
Even if a planet is rocky, Earth-sized, and just the right distance from its star, it also must have an atmosphere that contains the correct ingredients to foster and sustain life.
Even if a work of art does not change, its value can change depending on how the artist's identity is portrayed at an exhibition.
Even if all agree, all can be wrong.
Even if all countries of the world and all the news media were to recognize the legitimacy of this racist regime, on the moral level it would always remain racist.
Even if all goes well, we still can't finish before Saturday.
Even if all it manages is to get part way, it will "tap you on the shoulder" and alert you to its conclusions.
Even if all others do, I will not.
Even if an intelligent man loves a woman deeply, he will never show his love to her, but merely keep it in his heart.
Even if bullies constantly torment my cross-eyed daughter, she knows she is the smartest of them all.
Even if everyone agreed, I didn't.
Even if everyone agrees, everyone can be wrong.
Even if everyone else does that, I won't.
Even if everyone else does, I won't.
Even if everyone laughs about it, what he said is not a joke.
Even if everything else is considered, I still don't like this plan.
Even if everything else is considered, I still don’t like this plan.
Even if faith were a placebo, I would rather have it than not.
Even if he asked for forgiveness, I would still be mad.
Even if he brought me flowers, I still won't forgive him.
Even if he can come, he will be late.
Even if he does something bad, he'll never admit it.
Even if he does something bad, he’ll never admit it.
Even if he doesn't come here, I'll go on waiting for him.
Even if he doesn't come, we'll have to begin.
Even if he doesn't look it, Tom is quite determined, so it'll be fine if you leave it to him.
Even if he doesn’t come here, I’ll go on waiting for him.
Even if he finishes the project early, he'll still attend the meeting.
Even if he had called me, I wouldn't have gone.
Even if he hadn't given a cent I'd always feel that we had done a truly Christian act in helping him.
Even if he has a clue, he won't let you know it.
Even if he has a clue, he won’t let you know it.
Even if he is busy, he will come.
Even if he is in trouble, Mac is always optimistic.
Even if he isn't now, he'll be a good husband in the future.
Even if he tries, he won't succeed.
Even if he's busy, he'll come.
Even if he's very nice, I don't really trust him.
Even if he’s busy, he’ll come.
Even if he’s very nice, I don’t really trust him.
Even if it costs 10,000 yen, I must buy the dictionary.
Even if it didn't rain, William likely wouldn't have come to pick Sandra anyways.
Even if it is as fleeting as a scent or as quick as a thought, there is always a way to get what you desire.
Even if it is raining spears, I'm still going.
Even if it is true, it matters little.
Even if it isn't true, it's still rather clever.
Even if it isn’t true, it’s still rather clever.
Even if it rains tomorrow, I'll do that.
Even if it rains tomorrow, I'll go there.
Even if it rains tomorrow, we plan to go hiking.
Even if it rains, I plan on doing that.
Even if it rains, I plan to do that.
Even if it rains, I will start early tomorrow morning.
Even if it rains, I'll do that tomorrow.
Even if it rains, I'll do that.
Even if it rains, I'll go by bicycle.
Even if it rains, I'll go swimming tomorrow.
Even if it rains, I'll go.
Even if it rains, I'll leave tomorrow.
Even if it rains, I'll start my trip tomorrow.
Even if it rains, I'll start.
Even if it rains, I'm going to go.
Even if it rains, I'm still planning on going.
Even if it rains, I’ll be going by bicycle.
Even if it rains, I’ll go swimming tomorrow.
Even if it rains, I’ll start.
Even if it rains, he'll play golf.
Even if it rains, he’ll play golf.
Even if it rains, the game will be played.
Even if it rains, the meeting will go on.
Even if it rains, we plan to go hiking.
Even if it rains, we still go to school.
Even if it rains, we will travel.
Even if it should rain, I will start tomorrow.
Even if it should rain, I'll leave tomorrow.
Even if it sounds uncomfortable to you, I have to do it.
Even if it takes me ten years, I am determined to accomplish the job.
Even if it takes me the whole day, I will do the typing.
Even if it takes me the whole day, I'll do the typing.
Even if it takes you three years, you must accomplish your goal.
Even if it was just to go get cigarettes, your dad wore a tie.
Even if it was just to go get cigarettes, your dad would wear a tie.
Even if it was somebody else who made her happy, as long as she is happy, that's fine.
Even if it was somebody else who made her happy, as long as she is happy, that’s fine.
Even if it's delicious, make sure you don't overeat.
Even if it's expensive it's fine. It's all about how you feel about it.
Even if it's just for a short while fighting alongside us is all I could ask for.
Even if it's little by little, it's certainly improving.
Even if it's not a real problem, this is what we see.
Even if it's not true, it's a brilliant fabrication.
Even if it's not true, it's a brilliant invention.
Even if it's pre-washed rice, I still end up washing it out of habit.
Even if it's raining, I'll do that.
Even if it's raining, I'll leave early in the morning tomorrow.
Even if it's true that in case the Palestinian refugees were allowed back into Israel, Jews would no longer be a majority, what's wrong with it?
Even if it's your own house, please stop walking around naked.
Even if it’s just for a short while fighting alongside us is all I could ask for.
Even if it’s raining, she still goes out.
Even if it’s your own house, please stop walking around naked.
Even if lies and white lies are a spontaneous reaction of our brain, they will never be the truth, the reality of things, the life.
Even if malicious gossip is being circulated around someone, it doesn't necessarily mean that the value of that person will be diminished.
Even if malicious gossip is being circulated around someone, it doesn’t necessarily mean that the value of that person will be diminished.
Even if misery does not kill, peace does not nourish either.
Even if my house catches fire it would soon be put out.
Even if my memories fade, my records will remain.
Even if no one goes with me, I still want to see this movie.
Even if no one understands, always tell the truth.
Even if one is to "believe", there is still a "lie" in the midst.
Even if only one Russian hamlet were to remain, Russia would revive.
Even if outside is very hot, it is actually cool in our home.
Even if pigs were to fly in the air, I would believe her.
Even if polluted water serves no other purpose, it can put out a fire.
Even if she can fall she is able to raise again.
Even if she comes to see me, tell her I am not at home.
Even if she doesn't like you, you still have to finish the work.
Even if she finishes the project early, she'll still attend the meeting.
Even if she got to be 50 years old, she would still be breathtakingly beautiful.
Even if she wasn't sick, she couldn't complete her doctoral thesis by the deadline because the thesis problem contains a vast amount of detail.
Even if she's a prostitute which falls in love, her love is a pure and noble feeling.
Even if some sentences by non-native speakers are good, it's really hard to trust that they are good, so members would be helping us much more by limiting their contributions to sentences in their own native languages.
Even if that restaurant did very tasty food, I wouldn't like to eat there.
Even if that restaurant did very tasty food, I wouldn’t like to eat there.
Even if that theory is examined, its faults will not be revealed.
Even if that were true, what difference would it make?
Even if that were true, why would it matter?
Even if that's alright with you nobody else will accept it. I'll get shouted at afterwards so...
Even if that's true, what difference does it make?
Even if that's true, what's the difference?
Even if that's true, who cares?
Even if that’s alright with you nobody else will accept it. I’ll get shouted at afterwards so...
Even if the collection is not what I expected, I must be appreciate his effort.
Even if the flesh disintegrates, the thought remains immortal.
Even if the opinions of others can be suppressed, I cannot imagine to what results my speech may lead.
Even if the opinions of others can be supressed, I cannot imagine to what results my speech may lead.
Even if the pasta is gluten free, you will still gain several pounds in water weight from the carbohydrates. You need X amount of water to digest Y amount of carbs.
Even if the performance is good, I still say we drop the project.
Even if the soil of your garden is not too good, it can be improved. Excellent fertilizer can be made by using the method of composting. Composted food waste and other organic material can make poor soil dark and rich.
Even if the sun rose in the west, I wouldn't change my decision.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I would never abandon my plan.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I would not change my mind.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I wouldn't break my promise.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I wouldn't change my mind.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I wouldn't give up my plan.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I wouldn’t break my promise.
Even if the tiger is dead tired, it is still as powerful as a sheep.
Even if the villages of this region have been destroyed, their names will never be erased from history.
Even if the weather is bad, there's at least one good thing about it. I can write in my diary, and I can work on my Spanish as well.
Even if the winning email arrives, the deadline is today.
Even if the world crashes down, justice will be served.
Even if there is a convention, I shouldn't ask them for so much money.
Even if there is a convention, I shouldn’t ask them for so much money.
Even if there is life in other galaxies, it is impossible for man to travel at the speed of light to study them.
Even if there wasn't any gravity on earth, I would still fall for you.
Even if there were 30 million Palestinians, they should all have the right to return to Palestine.
Even if there were no gravity on Earth, I would still fall for you.
Even if they have a good wine menu, I will not want to dine here.
Even if they pull out the stops against you, I want you to forge ahead.
Even if we could live on Mars, we must first get there.
Even if we do not immediately succeed in leading the Kabyle to its peak, others will succeed.
Even if we do this, it will be another sixty years before the Antarctic ozone hole is repaired.
Even if we don't get lucky on the first try we can just keep fucking till I get pregnant.
Even if we don't have money, we are lucky!
Even if we don’t get lucky on the first try we can just keep fucking till I get pregnant.
Even if we end up being late, it doesn't bother us.
Even if we leave now, we'll be late.
Even if we never see each other again remember that you will always be in my heart and you must never doubt that.
Even if we want to do that, we don't have time.
Even if we wanted to, we would not have done it.
Even if we wear an Armani suite or drive a Jaguar, in the end we're the same as ants. We move and move pointlessly and then we die.
Even if we wear an Armani suite or drive a Jaguar, in the end we’re the same as ants. We move and move pointlessly and then we die.
Even if we went faster, we wouldn't make it on time.
Even if we'd wanted to do that, we wouldn't have.
Even if we'd wanted to, we wouldn't have done that.
Even if we're late, it doesn't bother us.
Even if we’re late, it doesn’t bother us.
Even if you agreed with him, what good would that do?
Even if you and Tom volunteer, we still don't have enough help.
Even if you apologize to Tom, he won't accept your apology.
Even if you apologize to Tom, he won't forgive you.
Even if you are blinded by love, you shouldn't let it drag your life to ruin.
Even if you are busy, you should keep your promise.
Even if you are not to blame, you should apologize.
Even if you are waiting for happiness it will not come.
Even if you aren't hungry, you should eat something.
Even if you aren't hungry, you should eat something. Otherwise you won't last until lunch time.
Even if you boss attacks you and tells you to go away, you should make your point.
Even if you can't do it at first, don't give up.
Even if you do everything you can to mend what was done, and even if they accept it, their trauma will never go away.
Even if you do meet the one for you, it's not a given that you'll be happy. Take him, for example. He got married and had twins for children, and just as he thought he'd have a rose-colored life, his whole family was killed by a robber at night.
Even if you do not like it, you must take charge of it.
Even if you don't do that, I will.
Even if you don't feel like eating, you should eat something. If you don't, you won't last until lunch time.
Even if you don't have any money, I think you should live a life that suits you.
Even if you don't have much money, your health is something you can count on.
Even if you don't like Tom, you should listen to his advice.
Even if you don't like music, you'll enjoy his concert.
Even if you don't like rum, try a glass of this.
Even if you don't talk to a co-worker, never hold up work information from them.
Even if you don't understand all the rules, it's fun to just watch.
Even if you don't want to do that, you have to.
Even if you don't want to do that, you need to.
Even if you don't want to do that, you should.
Even if you don't want to, you have to go.
Even if you don’t like music, you’ll enjoy his concert.
Even if you don’t like rum, try a glass of this.
Even if you end up in a downpour, there is nothing to worry about, because it is waterproof.
Even if you fail the first time you try it, don't give up, but try doing it again.
Even if you fail this time, you'll have another chance.
Even if you fail this time, you’ll have another chance.
Even if you fail, don't lose your pride.
Even if you gave me the money to buy that, I wouldn't buy it.
Even if you go away, I'll still passionately love you.
Even if you go away, I’ll still passionately love you.
Even if you go far away, let's keep in touch with each other over the phone.
Even if you go far away, let’s keep in touch with each other over the phone.
Even if you go to another school, think about me from time to time, OK?
Even if you had studied a lot you would not have passed the exam. It was too difficult.
Even if you had tried, it wouldn't have worked.
Even if you have your own way, you will not always be successful.
Even if you hire the best lawyers, the corrupt judge will find you guilty.
Even if you know the truth, you had better pretend otherwise at present.
Even if you leave your parents, you still won't think of them.
Even if you like basketball and the like, I think that you grew up like a girl.
Even if you live in a small town, you can't imagine how monotonous life in a tiny village is, especially one in the middle of nowhere.
Even if you look closely, you don't see anything.
Even if you lose lakhs, stay honest.
Even if you lose the game, you'll have another chance.
Even if you lose the game, you’ll have another chance.
Even if you make great efforts, you won't be able to achieve it.
Even if you make great efforts, you won’t be able to achieve it.
Even if you mess up, don't give up.
Even if you move back, you advance towards death.
Even if you rack your brains over it, you won't solve it.
Even if you removed every other source of latency in a network, you must contend with the speed of light.
Even if you report it, not many will read it.
Even if you run, you won't catch me.
Even if you say it, I don't believe you.
Even if you see boobs in front of you on the train, don't touch them. You'll get called a molester and arrested.
Even if you send Tom a message, I doubt if you'll get a reply.
Even if you send Tom a message, I doubt that you'll get a reply.
Even if you send Tom a message, I doubt you'll get a reply.
Even if you sing out of tune, join us.
Even if you spend most of your time indoors, you can do some exercise by raising your knees as high as you can while walking or walking in place.
Even if you stand on tiptoe, you won't see anything.
Even if you stop me, I won't change my mind.
Even if you stop me, I won’t change my mind.
Even if you tell the truth, no one is likely to believe you.
Even if you think we're more than that, he's only a friend.
Even if you try something and mess up, you can learn from that, but if you never even try, all you'll end up with is regret.
Even if you wash it, the color won't come out.
Even if you wash it, the color won’t come out.
Even if you yell for help, nobody will hear you.
Even if you'd tried it, it wouldn't have worked.
Even if you're hungry, you must eat slowly.
Even if you're married to a monster, murder is not the way to go.
Even if you're really going through hard times, a good friend can improve your spirits.
Even if you're right, what's the difference?
Even if you're right, who cares?
Even if your enemy is an ant, consider him an elephant.
Even if your friend is a doctor and your cousin is a pharmacist, you will still have to die.
Even if your goals seem out of reach, stay motivated!
Even if your sentences were actually senseless, you at least have the luck to be able to form beautiful sentences.
Even if your vocabulary isn't very big, you should still try speaking.
Even if you’re really going through hard times, a good friend can improve your spirits.
Even ill she looks gorgeous.
Even impartiality is partial.
Even in Buddhism, there are levels of different hells, where you might go if you are really not a good boy.
Even in India things changed.
Even in Kabylie itself, various Berber dialects are spoken. Mainstream Kabyle is spoken in the eastern part of the region, while various Berber dialects like Tasahlit and a variant of Shawi are spoken in the far-eastern part of Kabylie.
Even in Tom's funniest sketches, there is a somber note.
Even in Tom's funniest skits, there is a note of grief.
Even in a crowded room, you can feel lonely.
Even in day-to-day survival situations, common sense is often wrong, but there are times when you don't have anything else to rely on.
Even in death do we serve life.
Even in death it is sublime listening to Bach!
Even in hard situations I don't give up.
Even in legends, anyone who has secretly eaten a partridge must wipe his mouth. The others must not know it, otherwise they would call him to account.
Even in my native language, there are words that I don't know.
Even in our family not all of us are of the same race.
Even in paradise it is not good to be alone.
Even in poor countries, there live some people who live relatively well.
Even in rain and snow I enjoy mountain-climbing.
Even in the Star Trek fictional universe, the timeline has a great war on Earth, then First Contact with aliens, then human propagation through outer space.
Even in the case of a major disease, hope is a good weapon.
Even in the choice and use of the finest works of fiction, the greatest caution is necessary. The little one can hardly distinguish between a fable that amuses it, and a lie told to shield it from punishment. If it hear nothing but truth, it will know nothing but truth; and a truthful mind is a glorious thing to behold in children as in men.
Even in the darkest moments, she held on to the hope of a better future.
Even in the darkest times, one mustn't give up hope.
Even in the face of adversity, Mark never gave up and had more than one trick up his sleeve.
Even in the face of that uncontestable evidence she found it difficult to believe that he was a reincarnated spirit dating back two hundred years, until he asked her who she thought he had been.
Even in the midst of a storm, he can still find rainbows.
Even in the most difficult situations, Tom has never lost heart.
Even in the times of email and instant messaging, Annabelle and I preferred to communicate by snail mail.
Even in the winter, Tom usually leaves the window open when he sleeps.
Even in the worst book there's one good page, namely the last.
Even in the worst case, she will not die of such an illness.
Even in these supposedly modern times, the Russian army is still relying on so-called meat waves to overwhelm the adversary.
Even in these times of online transactions and internet banking, Hari prefers to use cheques and cash.
Even in water, why is it fish are able to survive?
Even in western media, freedom of speech isn't always guaranteed.
Even in winter she kicks off her duvet.
Even in winter we don't have much snow.
Even intelligent people are sometimes absent-minded.
Even jokes have a limit.
Even jokes have boundaries.
Even just thinking about that makes me sick to my stomach.
Even knowing it's only a mirage, standing on a virtual-reality tightrope can be just as frightening as the real deal.
Even less well known than the flags is their meanings.
Even light and sound bothered me.
Even making an international phone call from a cell phone can be done for 20 yen per minute with Mobila.
Even making an international phone call from a mobile, if it’s Mobila then you can do it for 20 Yen per minute.
Even many native German speakers have difficulties with the correct conjugation of the verb "radebrechen."
Even men mature under the influence of women.
Even men sometimes cry.
Even minute changes in habitat can disrupt breeding by lesser flamingos, which the World Conservation Union has labeled a near-threatened species.
Even moderate Islamists aren't big fans of secularism.
Even monkeys could do that task.
Even monkeys fall from trees.
Even monkeys fall from trees. But I can't even climb.
Even monkeys throw stones at the man unwanted at home.
Even more than ten years after her death, Tom dreamt of Mary almost every night.
Even mucus is essential.
Even mum knows.
Even my boss did not congratulate me.
Even my class teacher got into this picture. Why even? Because she really didn't like being filmed.
Even my father doesn't like to do this.
Even my friends turned their backs on me.
Even my grandma can copy an email into a file.
Even my grandma can send a text.
Even my grandma can send an SMS.
Even my grandmother has an email.
Even my henchmen think I'm crazy.
Even my husband does not know what I am really thinking.
Even my husband doesn't know what I'm really thinking.
Even my little brother knew you weren't for me.
Even my mom knows it.
Even my mom knows.
Even my mum knows.
Even my parents don't like me.
Even my parrot can speak Esperanto.
Even my tutor couldn't solve this equation.
Even my younger brother knew you weren't for me.
Even native English speakers can struggle without the right approach.
Even native speakers can never be sure that they've gotten their prepositions right.
Even native speakers make grammar mistakes all the time.
Even native speakers of a language don't know all of its words.
Even night falls on the longest day of the year.
Even notebooks can be recycled.
Even now there are occasional aftershocks.
Even now when I see a terakoya play, I feel somewhat nostalgic.
Even now, I feel a sense of heartache and longing when I think of my first love.
Even now, I occasionally think I'd like to see you. Not the you that you are today, but the you I remember from the past.
Even now, Mary remembers Tom's bitter words.
Even now, commercial ships use "the trades" and the currents the winds produce to hasten their oceanic voyages.
Even now, from time to time there are aftershocks happening.
Even now, in the second millennium, many women suffer discrimination in all aspects of life.
Even now, it wouldn't be possible.
Even now, many years after the Cold War, there is still much bitterness between Germans and Russians, especially in areas which were occupied by the Soviet Union.
Even now, many years after the Cold War, there is still much rancor between the Russians and the Germans, especially in areas once occupied by the Soviet Union.
Even now, many years after the cold war, there is still much bitterness between Germans and Russian, especially in areas which were occupied by the Soviet Union.
Even now, she thinks the breakup was due to what she thought was Jan's immaturity.
Even now, the typical worker's whole life is still bound up with the company he works for.
Even now, the typical worker’s whole life is still bound up with the company he works for.
Even now, we still doubt that he is the real murderer.
Even now, you do not know what is important.
Even nowadays, a lot of people live in appalling conditions.
Even nudists often use euphemisms when referring to naughty parts.
Even on TV there's racism.
Even on stage, the prop gun gleamed like a real weapon.
Even on the flea market, he couldn't find anything.
Even one of the fiercest advocates against affirming trans children admits she knew she was trans when she was five.
Even other teachers get uneasy around him. He's that scary.
Even our brains are all subject to the laws of physics.
Even our brains are subject to the laws of physics.
Even our computer keyboards at school use the English QWERTY layout and lack the right quotation marks for French.
Even paranoiacs have real enemies.
Even paranoids have enemies.
Even people who come to Algeria struggle to master Berber.
Even people who don't believe in the Catholic church venerate the Pope as a symbolic leader.
Even people who don’t believe in the Catholic church venerate the Pope as a symbolic leader.
Even people with perfect pitch sometimes have a hard time with Mandarin, let alone Cantonese.
Even pigs can climb a tree when flattered.
Even planes began to fall.
Even plastic surgery won't do anything for your ugliness.
Even plastic surgery won’t do anything for your ugliness.
Even playing well, it is not easy to win, since the team does not have a good center forward.
Even poisonous snakes will only attack if they feel threatened.
Even police officers sometimes drink and drive.
Even powerful leaders in modern times have succeeded in blocking material they do not want the people to see.
Even prayers at mosques are suspended, possibly a first in the city's long history.
Even prisoners get yard time.
Even professors can be wrong.
Even professors can make mistakes.
Even professors don't know everything.
Even prophets made mistakes. The important thing is that we learn from our mistakes and not repeat them.
Even rock art from the Stone Age shows more artistic creativity than contemporary art.
Even science is not an exact science.
Even she cried.
Even she doesn't understand me.
Even short sentences can be difficult.
Even short sentences can be tricky.
Even small amounts of lead are dangerous.
Even small apartments cost more money than I have.
Even small businesses like donut maker Adeline Monkam have joined in recycling their oil. She says in the past she used to dump the used oil. But people told her that it's polluting the environment, says Monkam, and that she can recycle it. So, she doesn’t dump it out anymore.
Even small children have an innate sense of what's fair and what's not.
Even small drops striking constantly will bore through a granite mountain.
Even small issues seem huge.
Even smart folks become absent-minded at times.
Even smart kids don't get that.
Even smart people are sometimes absent-minded.
Even smart people sometimes do stupid things.
Even so ... she didn't have to slap me!
Even so ... she didn’t have to slap me!
Even so, I'm still not convinced.
Even so, it was good.
Even so, it was nice.
Even so, kindergartens are sensitive to seasonal events.
Even so, she says broaching thorny sexual topics in a region as culturally diverse as south Florida is no easy task.
Even so, the Earth moves!
Even so, the boy got a shot and went back home rubbing his arm where it was put in.
Even so, there are risks.
Even so, you are a human.
Even some of my teachers came and said goodbye to me.
Even someone as strong as you won't be able to do that.
Even specialists do not understand this incredible accident.
Even spending just ten minutes a day on this website will be beneficial.
Even standing right in front of the stove, Tom still felt cold.
Even stars die.
Even super attractive girls have feelings.
Even superheroes need an occasional break.
Even swarthy and deformed, he struts around!
Even that didn't help much.
Even that is now uncertain.
Even that wasn't enough.
Even the Chinese friends can't understand them.
Even the Chinese friends can’t understand them.
Even the Romans feared to cross the Sahara Desert.
Even the State Department regards the West Bank settlements as a violation of international law.
Even the adult becomes himself like the child who cannot be satisfied with the repetition of a favourite tale, but harasses the story-telling aunt or nurse, to know more of the incidents and characters.
Even the air smelled different.
Even the air was dead still.
Even the air's spicy here.
Even the ancient Greeks knew that.
Even the animals know that something's brewing and they're all cooing.
Even the apartment buildings were the same as they used to be.
Even the bad weather failed to ruin my mood.
Even the best authors can be mediocre.
Even the best authors can write dross.
Even the best cars emit carbon dioxide.
Even the best fish smell when they are three days old.
Even the best fish starts to smell after three days.
Even the best of men cannot be perfect.
Even the best players don't play at their best when they're overworked.
Even the best tennis players shank their shots occasionally.
Even the best-laid plans can go bust.
Even the birds are staying in the shade here!
Even the blackest cow makes white milk.
Even the blackest cow only gives white milk.
Even the bookworm Donald was nervous as he prepared for that test.
Even the brightest student couldn't solve the problem.
Even the brightest student couldn’t solve the problem.
Even the ceiling of the treasury is very ornate.
Even the children weren't interested.
Even the cleverest man sometimes makes mistakes.
Even the cleverest students can make silly mistakes.
Even the compass is not working.
Even the correct use of participles doesn't guarantee you that you'll be understood.
Even the correct use of participles doesn’t guarantee you that you’ll be understood.
Even the court enjoys an occasional roll in the gutter.
Even the crazy ones aren't there.
Even the creature's movements were unnatural.
Even the darkest clouds eventually run out of rain.
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.
Even the devil can look like an angel when the lighting's bad.
Even the devil hasn't woken up yet.
Even the doctor was blind.
Even the doctor was crying.
Even the dog doesn't recognize him.
Even the dog ran away.
Even the ersatz of the flies imposed their menu on us, the content of which I will not have to bellow.
Even the experts thought this painting was a genuine Rembrandt.
Even the experts took the painting for a genuine Rembrandt.
Even the experts were wrong.
Even the fastest horse only has four legs.
Even the fastest runner in the world cannot run if he is hungry.
Even the finest fete becomes mere hogs swill.
Even the gods love jokes.
Even the government has allotted some city walls as official public spaces for graffiti art.
Even the greatest kings go to the toilet on foot.
Even the greatest scholar can't solve that.
Even the greatest scholar can’t solve that.
Even the hard-hearted can be moved to tears.
Even the harshest winter fears the coming of spring.
Even the harshest winter fears the spring.
Even the highest mountain does not touch the heavenly gates.
Even the human race will become extinct one day.
Even the human race will come to an end one day.
Even the human race will die one day.
Even the human race will disappear one day.
Even the insignificant is important.
Even the judge started crying.
Even the king's toilet is a toilet.
Even the kitchen table is a good enough desk if you have an idea.
Even the knowledge that he had succeeded where the police of three countries had failed, and that he had outmanoeuvred at every point the most accomplished swindler in Europe, was insufficient to rouse him from his nervous prostration.
Even the leading scientists of the day were left baffled by the conundrum.
Even the long neck of a giraffe contains only seven vertebrae.
Even the longest day comes to an end at some point.
Even the longest day ends at some point.
Even the longest day will have an end.
Even the longest journey begins with a single step.
Even the longest journey starts with a single step.
Even the longest night gives way to daylight.
Even the look of the streets here has completely changed.
Even the mayor breathes dioxin.
Even the merest little thing irritated him.
Even the mightiest of empires comes to an end.
Even the moon was jealous of her beauty.
Even the most beautiful rose will someday wilt.
Even the most beautiful rose will wilt sometime.
Even the most carefully made plans frequently result in failure.
Even the most fastidious among us provides a home for about one trillion of the tiny organisms, comprising about one-twentieth of our body weight!
Even the most graceful and imposing existing buildings may now be so sadly diminished as to seem slightly ridiculous beside the monster.
Even the most self-centered people are usually forgetful of this fault.
Even the most tactful politician cannot have their foot in both camps for long.
Even the most talented chess players have to study with extreme dedication and make heavy sacrifices to become Grand Masters or to win international titles. Very few have the glory of being world champions.
Even the name itself is too careless.
Even the non-governmental organizations in Algeria don't issue any support for the Kabyle sovereignists unjustly imprisoned. Finally, everyone is corrupted in Algeria and almost all Algerians are anti-Kabyles.
Even the ogres agreed to help Adriano.
Even the optimists agree that it won't be easy.
Even the pastor's sermon is not beyond criticism.
Even the periodical pay raise could not keep abreast of higher living costs.
Even the police officer started crying.
Even the police say it was you.
Even the police these days are no longer trustworthy.
Even the popular senator was surprised that thousands of people would throng to his political rallies.
Even the professor didn't address the subject.
Even the professor didn't broach the subject.
Even the professor didn't know the answer.
Even the punctuation is correct.
Even the rain couldn't extinguish the fire.
Even the repairman couldn't figure out what had gone wrong with the microwave.
Even the repairman couldn’t figure out what had gone wrong with the microwave.
Even the richest man can't buy everything.
Even the richest man cannot buy everything.
Even the richest man in the world can't buy everything.
Even the rotten stump stood straight and healthy on the green hill-side.
Even the sky conspires against us.
Even the sky cries for us!
Even the smallest child knows that kind a thing.
Even the smallest nation fights for its rights.
Even the smallest person can change the course of the future.
Even the smallest sentences are better off in the hands of native speakers.
Even the smallest worm will turn if trodden on.
Even the stadium announcer couldn't whip up the atmosphere.
Even the stadium's PA announcer couldn't whip up the atmosphere.
Even the strongest man can't stop a typhoon.
Even the strongest man can’t stop a typhoon.
Even the sun has spots.
Even the sun popped out from behind the clouds.
Even the tail of the parrot makes others envious.
Even the tallest tower starts at the bottom.
Even the teacher could not solve the problem.
Even the teacher doesn't understand her Berber.
Even the teacher sometimes makes mistakes.
Even the teacher was crying.
Even the teachers noticed David's progress and praised him.
Even the tightest of deadlines is no match for my procrastination.
Even the toilet is made of gold round theirs.
Even the toponym Tunis, Tunes, comes from the verb ens [NS]: Tunes is the soldiers' night camp. It's like you say.
Even the upper atmosphere is polluted.
Even the vegetables were better before.
Even the walking-dead eventually return to the grave.
Even the wealth of the wide sea will be diminished if the cloud that has drawn its waters up does not give them back again in rain.
Even the women knew how to be silent.
Even the word "Esperanto" rings of Latin.
Even the word "mathematics" doesn't make any sense.
Even the word depression itself was the terminological product of an effort to soften the connotation of deep trouble. In the last century, the term crisis was normally employed.
Even the worst examples of "cancel culture" don't come close to a fraction of the evils of the Inquisition.
Even the worthy Homer sometimes nods.
Even their homes are close to each other.
Even their jackets are the same color.
Even their parents sometimes have trouble telling the twins apart.
Even their toilet is made of gold.
Even then he did not allow himself to be discouraged.
Even then we might not make it.
Even these words will someday disappear.
Even they cried.
Even they themselves refused to do it.
Even they would have helped me.
Even thin sheets of Americium-241 can sustain a chain reaction.
Even thinking about it is dreadful.
Even this cable cost me 6000 yen.
Even this explanation doesn't clarify anything to me.
Even this is a victory.
Even this one can be an idea.
Even this word might affect Mark negatively.
Even those in hospitals won't be saved from the coming meteor-caused firestorm!
Even those players who saw winning as a given can't triumph over getting old.
Even those who have renounced Christianity and attack it, in their inmost being still follow the Christian ideal, for hitherto neither their subtlety nor the ardor of their hearts has been able to create a higher ideal of man and of virtue than the ideal given by Christ.
Even though "Nazi" stands for "National Socialist", they were not, in fact, socialist.
Even though Algeria is growing, it's still a poor country.
Even though America is a developed country, it still has some very poor people.
Even though Baikinman always gets beaten into the ground, he never learns his lesson and keeps doing bad things.
Even though Biden does lose track of things every now and then, which is normal for his age, his administration will be stable because he'll surround himself with experts, and listen to their advice.
Even though Biden has started to fade a bit, at least I know that he'll surround himself with trustworthy experts that will help him out, and that he'll listen to them.
Even though Bob was in disguise, I recognized him as soon as I saw him.
Even though Calvinism did not originate in Hungary, traditionally it has been called the "Hungarian faith."
Even though Cantonese speakers may not think about these laws intentionally.
Even though English is his native language, Tom doesn't know the difference between "lose" and "loose".
Even though English is his native language, Tom doesn't know the difference between "tough" and "though".
Even though French is Tom's native language, he often makes pronunciation mistakes.
Even though French is his native language, Tom often makes pronunciation mistakes.
Even though I already saw this movie, I decided to see it again.
Even though I applied sunscreen I still got really burned.
Even though I asked Tom not to do that, he's going to do it anyway.
Even though I ate three bowls of cereal for breakfast, I'm still hungry.
Even though I can speak Chinese, I can't read it.
Even though I can write in Arabic pretty well, my conversational skills still need a lot of work.
Even though I could take a bus to school, I usually walk.
Even though I decided to hang the laundry outside because the sun was shining, just as I was hanging them, it started to rain.
Even though I didn't want to do that, I did.
Even though I didn't want to drink alone, I did.
Even though I didn't want to, I went there because I had to.
Even though I disagree with what you say, I fully acknowledge your right to say it.
Even though I don't have any money, I bought a book again.
Even though I don't understand a single word I can tell that it's a very beautiful and emotional song.
Even though I don't want to do that, I have to.
Even though I don't wear those shoes anymore, I can't bring myself to get rid of them.
Even though I enjoy bowling, I haven't gone bowling recently.
Even though I enjoy doing that, I haven't done that recently.
Even though I enjoy hiking, I haven't gone hiking recently.
Even though I enjoy swimming, I haven't gone swimming recently.
Even though I entered the room, Tom and Mary didn't stop talking.
Even though I felt that there was something strange, I just didn't know what it was.
Even though I felt that there was something strange, I just didn’t know what it was.
Even though I find Scorpios pretty great, there's only one zodiac sign that can be at the very top, and it's us, Capricorns.
Even though I followed the instructions, it didn't go well.
Even though I gave Tom detailed instructions, he wasn't able to do it correctly.
Even though I gave Tom detailed instructions, he wasn't able to do that correctly.
Even though I got your explanations, I still don't understand anything.
Even though I grew up on a farm, I never learned how to milk a cow.
Even though I had a head start, I still lost the race.
Even though I had eaten a lot for breakfast, I was already hungry.
Even though I had money, I wasn't allowed to buy it.
Even though I had three years of French at school, I can't speak it well.
Even though I hadn't seen Tom for a long time, I immediately recognized him.
Even though I hate doing that, I will.
Even though I have a sweet tooth, this cake is too sweet for me.
Even though I have some unique talents myself, your life still makes me jealous.
Even though I have studied English at school for the past six years, I'm still not good at speaking it.
Even though I have studied English at school for the past six years, I’m still not good at speaking it.
Even though I hope it happens, I don't think it will.
Even though I knew I didn't know how to do that, I tried doing it.
Even though I knew I shouldn't, I had another of her delicious cakes.
Even though I knew that the chances are small, I never gave up.
Even though I know I'm dishonest, it's painful to hear it said.
Even though I know a little French, I think we should speak in English.
Even though I know a little Japanese, I think we'd better speak in English.
Even though I know a little Japanese, I think we’d better speak in English.
Even though I know so little about her, I think I'm in love.
Even though I like stoats a lot, I am in no way a 'furry' and have no wish to be associated with them, since my appreciation of stoats is purely aesthetical.
Even though I live isolated, I never feel alone.
Even though I looked for it, I did not find it.
Even though I plucked up courage to invite Mary to a film, she stood me up.
Even though I provided my unconditional love, she had no room in her heart for me.
Even though I put my all into this to begin with it ended up being menial work, so I think it didn't turn out great.
Even though I put on sunscreen, I got really sunburned.
Even though I ran down the stairs, I couldn't catch the train.
Even though I ran down the stairs, I couldn’t catch the train.
Even though I really want to know his name, I don't have enough courage, and I'm afraid to go ask.
Even though I really want to know his name, I don’t have enough courage, and I’m afraid to go ask.
Even though I sleep too much, I'm always tired.
Even though I slept for twelve hours, I'm still sleepy.
Even though I slept well, I keep yawning.
Even though I spoke French, they didn't understand.
Even though I spoke in French, they didn't understand me.
Even though I studied English for 6 years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.
Even though I studied English for 6 years in school, I’m not good at speaking it.
Even though I studied French for three years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.
Even though I studied to become an engineer I ended up as a sailor.
Even though I summoned my courage and invited Mary to a movie, she gave me the slip.
Even though I think I am aware, the fact remains that I awkwardly ventured into a world where not all cats are gray.
Even though I thought I knew everything, the fact remains that I have stumbled into a world where not everything is black and white.
Even though I told Mary she had to do that, she didn't.
Even though I told Mary she needed to do that, she didn't.
Even though I told Mary she should do that, she didn't.
Even though I told Mary she shouldn't do that, she did.
Even though I told Tom and Mary they had to do that, they didn't.
Even though I told Tom and Mary they needed to do that, they didn't.
Even though I told Tom and Mary they should do that, they didn't.
Even though I told Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that, they did.
Even though I told Tom he had to do that, he didn't.
Even though I told Tom he needed to do that, he didn't.
Even though I told Tom he should do that, he didn't.
Even though I told Tom he shouldn't do that, he did.
Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for I am the evilest sonofabitch in the valley.
Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me.
Even though I wanted to help Tom, I wasn't able to.
Even though I was busy I talked with Tom for three hours yesterday.
Even though I was busy, I talked to Tom for about three hours yesterday afternoon.
Even though I was injured, I drove myself to the hospital.
Even though I was right, he got the best of me.
Even though I was sick, I did that.
Even though I was sitting in the sun, I still felt chilly.
Even though I was speaking in French, they didn't seem to understand me.
Even though I was tired, I went to the party.
Even though I was wearing gloves, my fingers were cold.
Even though I wasn't planning on doing that, I ended up doing it.
Even though I wasn't planning to do that, I ended up doing it.
Even though I witnessed the incident, I pretended not to have seen anything.
Even though I'd been trying to avoid Mary, I ran into her in front of the library.
Even though I'd been trying to avoid Tom and Mary, I ran into them in front of the library.
Even though I'd been trying to avoid Tom, I ran into him in front of the library.
Even though I'm Brazilian, I root for the French national team because my grandpa was born in Paris and I have a French last name, and also because I love France.
Even though I'm better at French, I really want to practice my English.
Even though I'm better at French, I really want to speak in English.
Even though I'm better at French, I'd rather speak English.
Even though I'm gay, I know God loves me.
Even though I'm getting older, I really want to get better at using new technology.
Even though I'm not good at it, I make sure to do it the best I can.
Even though I'm sitting here in the sun, I still feel cold.
Even though I'm sitting here in the sun, I'm still cold.
Even though I'm sure all Scorpios are decent people, Capricorns will always be so much greater.
Even though I'm the oldest one here, I'm still pretty young.
Even though I'm tired, I'll study hard.
Even though I'm trying to lose weight, I just can't resist eating chocolate if I'm offered a piece.
Even though I'm wearing a lot of clothing, it is still cold.
Even though I'm wearing warm clothes, I'm cold.
Even though I've been exercising a lot, I haven't been losing much weight.
Even though I've quit smoking, I still crave a cigarette from time to time.
Even though I've quit smoking, I still have the urge to smoke.
Even though I've studied French for a long time, I'm still not very good at speaking it.
Even though Jack was tired, he was looking well.
Even though Jane was well paid, her heart wasn't in the job. She needed to find a job that she could be passionate about.
Even though Janos was naughty, he was a good friend.
Even though John could fight, Adrion was still the strongest out of the three of us.
Even though John was rich, he didn't look down on Jessica.
Even though Marcel works hard, he only earns 30 000 Canadian dollars per year.
Even though Martha nodded at Ivan to leave, he ignored it.
Even though Mary and I go to the same school, I don't see her every day.
Even though Mary had a bad cold, she went to work.
Even though Mary has been living in Germany for twenty years, she thinks, dreams and writes in Polish.
Even though Mary has turned him down three times already, Tom plans to propose to Mary again.
Even though Mary is fat, she's quite pretty.
Even though Mary is my neighbor, I don't know her very well.
Even though Mary is old, she can still do that quite well.
Even though Mary is quite old, she can still do that fairly well.
Even though Mary is sick, she's swimming again today.
Even though Mary is very old, she can still take care of herself.
Even though Mary knew she shouldn't, she went swimming by herself.
Even though Mary said she could do that, she wasn't able to.
Even though Mary still hasn't shown up, we'll have to plough on without her.
Even though Mary studied very hard, she failed the class.
Even though Mary was a skeptic, she ended up hypnotized all the same.
Even though Mercury is the planet closest to the Sun, Venus is the hottest planet due to the tremendous greenhouse effect caused by the gases in its atmosphere.
Even though Mr Smith was very wealthy, he was a tight wad.
Even though Mr Smith was very wealthy, he was a tightwad.
Even though Sarah is a loner, she enjoys deep conversations with the few friends she has.
Even though Sato has a nice personality, he doesn't know its value and doesn't like himself.
Even though Sato has a nice personality, he doesn’t know its value and doesn’t like himself.
Even though Scorpios rule the whole zodiac game, Capricorns come a close second right after them.
Even though South Tyrol is in Italy, the majority of the population speaks German.
Even though Tom and I go to the same school, I don't see him every day.
Even though Tom and I have birthdays just one day apart, Tom is one grade ahead of me in school.
Even though Tom and I have birthdays just one day apart, he's one grade ahead of me in school.
Even though Tom and I were exhausted, we continued working.
Even though Tom and I were sick, we went to school.
Even though Tom and Marie are twins, they don't look very much alike.
Even though Tom and Mary are my neighbors, I don't know them very well.
Even though Tom and Mary are old, they can still do that quite well.
Even though Tom and Mary are quite old, they can still do that fairly well.
Even though Tom and Mary are sick, they're swimming again today.
Even though Tom and Mary are twins, they don't look very much alike.
Even though Tom and Mary are very old, they can still take care of themselves.
Even though Tom and Mary didn't like each other at first, they eventually became good friends.
Even though Tom and Mary had bad colds, they went to work.
Even though Tom and Mary knew they shouldn't, they went swimming by themselves.
Even though Tom and Mary said they could do that, they weren't able to.
Even though Tom and Mary studied very hard, they failed the class.
Even though Tom and Mary went to the same high school, they never talked to each other until they were both in their thirties.
Even though Tom begged Mary not to go, she left with the children and went to live with her mother.
Even though Tom betrayed me, he's still my brother.
Even though Tom could hear gunshots, he calmly poured himself a drink.
Even though Tom didn't study very much, he passed the final test.
Even though Tom didn't understand, he acted as if he did.
Even though Tom didn't want to go to the party, he went because he thought he'd see Mary there.
Even though Tom didn't want to lie, he felt that he had to.
Even though Tom didn't want to, he was too polite not to invite Mary to his party.
Even though Tom didn't win the race, he doesn't seem too disappointed.
Even though Tom didn’t want to, he was too polite not to invite Mary to his party.
Even though Tom doesn't drink beer, he does drinks wine.
Even though Tom eats like a bird, he's still gaining weight.
Even though Tom eats mostly junk food, he rarely gets sick and his BMI is in the normal range.
Even though Tom entered the room, Mary didn't stop kissing John.
Even though Tom explained it in detail, I'm not sure I really understand it.
Even though Tom explained it in detail, I'm not sure that I really understand it.
Even though Tom explained it in detail, I'm still not sure I really understand it.
Even though Tom grew up near the ocean, he never learned how to swim.
Even though Tom had a bad cold, he went to work.
Even though Tom had a cold, he went to work.
Even though Tom had promised to pay, he stuck Mary with the bill.
Even though Tom hadn't yet opened the box, he had a good idea what was inside.
Even though Tom has a lot of money, he isn't happy.
Even though Tom has a lot of money, he's not happy.
Even though Tom has a very demanding job, he always makes time for Mary and the kids.
Even though Tom has been drinking, he says he's going to drive home.
Even though Tom has had way too much to drink already, he's ordering another drink.
Even though Tom has money, he isn't happy.
Even though Tom has never even tried eating one, he says he doesn't like kiwifruit.
Even though Tom himself is a painter, he often buys paintings from other artists.
Even though Tom insisted that we do that, we didn't do it.
Even though Tom insisted that we do that, we refused to do it.
Even though Tom is a child, he knows the difference between right and wrong.
Even though Tom is a linguist he does not speak any foreign languages.
Even though Tom is a linguist, he does not speak any foreign languages.
Even though Tom is good at singing, he seldom sings.
Even though Tom is left-handed, he doesn't play a left-handed guitar.
Even though Tom is my neighbor, I don't know him very well.
Even though Tom is my neighbor, I seldom see him.
Even though Tom is old enough to be a grandfather, he often behaves like a spoiled child.
Even though Tom is old, he can still do that quite well.
Even though Tom is old, he can still sing quite well.
Even though Tom is on the team, he's just a bench warmer.
Even though Tom is one of my neighbors, I don't know him very well.
Even though Tom is only sixteen, he looks like he's over twenty.
Even though Tom is only sixteen, he looks like he’s over twenty.
Even though Tom is only thirteen years old, he sounds like an adult.
Even though Tom is only thirteen years old, he speaks like an adult.
Even though Tom is over thirty, he still acts like a teenager.
Even though Tom is over thirty, he still looks like a teenager.
Even though Tom is quite fat, he doesn't consider himself fat.
Even though Tom is quite old, he can still do that fairly well.
Even though Tom is quite old, he can still swim fairly well.
Even though Tom is quite ugly, Mary still fell in love with him.
Even though Tom is rich, he doesn't spend much money on clothes.
Even though Tom is rich, he isn't happy.
Even though Tom is rich, he's not happy.
Even though Tom is sick, he plans to get his homework finished on time.
Even though Tom is sick, he's planning on going to school.
Even though Tom is sick, he's swimming again today.
Even though Tom is sick, he's swimming.
Even though Tom is small, he's very strong.
Even though Tom is still young, his beard is gray.
Even though Tom is thirty, he's still dependent on his parents.
Even though Tom is very old, he can still swim quite well.
Even though Tom is very old, he can still take care of himself.
Even though Tom is very old, he's still quite strong.
Even though Tom is wealthy, he isn't happy.
Even though Tom is wealthy, he's not happy.
Even though Tom isn't planning to go to Boston until next October, he's already bought his ticket.
Even though Tom just had his fortieth birthday, I don't think he's over the hill yet.
Even though Tom knew Mary was married, he still flirted with her.
Even though Tom knew he shouldn't, he borrowed money from a loan shark.
Even though Tom knew he shouldn't, he went swimming by himself.
Even though Tom knew he'd be teased about his height, he decided to try out for the basketball team.
Even though Tom knew that Mary was married, he still flirted with her.
Even though Tom knew that he should apologize, he didn't.
Even though Tom knew that he'd be teased about his height, he decided to try out for the basketball team.
Even though Tom knew that what he did was wrong, he kept telling everybody that what he did wasn't wrong.
Even though Tom knew the truth, he decided to keep it to himself.
Even though Tom left home early today, he was late for work.
Even though Tom lives nearby, I hardly ever see him.
Even though Tom looks younger than Mary, he's actually quite a bit older.
Even though Tom promised not to drink anymore, he's at the bar drinking with Mary.
Even though Tom said I should do that, I didn't.
Even though Tom said I shouldn't do that, I did.
Even though Tom said he could do that, he wasn't able to.
Even though Tom said he was happy, he wasn't.
Even though Tom said he would definitely score, by the end of the match he was so tired that he almost stopped playing.
Even though Tom said that he was happy, he wasn't.
Even though Tom still had tears in his eyes, he began to smile.
Even though Tom stuck it out to the end of the marathon, he lost to his rival.
Even though Tom studied very hard, he failed the class.
Even though Tom thought the idea didn't make much sense, he said he'd give it a go.
Even though Tom threatened me, I wasn't scared.
Even though Tom told Mary about his problem, he didn't want to listen to any advice she had on how to solve it.
Even though Tom told the story in a way that was supposed to make him look good, he still looked like the bad guy in it.
Even though Tom translated the letter for Mary, she didn't bother to read his translation.
Even though Tom tried to explain it to Mary, she still couldn't understand.
Even though Tom understood what was going on, he pretended that he didn't.
Even though Tom used to be my best friend, I'm beginning to hate him.
Even though Tom used to be my best friend, I’m beginning to hate him.
Even though Tom was a skeptic, he ended up hypnotized all the same.
Even though Tom was brought up in the country, he loves the hustle and bustle of the city.
Even though Tom was busy, he came to see me.
Even though Tom was in pain, he managed to smile.
Even though Tom was innocent, after hours of interrogation, he confessed.
Even though Tom was rich, he wasn't happy.
Even though Tom was sick, he went to school.
Even though Tom's birthday and my birthday are only one day apart, he's one year ahead of me in school.
Even though Tom's in his forties, he still lives at home with his parents.
Even though Trang continued to say that she loved him, Spenser couldn't do anything but fear that she would stop caring for him.
Even though Trang continued to say that she loved him, Spenser couldn’t do anything but fear that she would stop caring for him.
Even though Ziri is stupid, he's a sincere person.
Even though Ziri's dog is very well trained, he still has to be assertive with it.
Even though a boy may be very unhappy, he very seldom loses sleep over his worries.
Even though a daughter rarely likes her mother's lover, a mother always has a certain attraction for her daughter's lover.
Even though a parameter's value can change, it is treated as a constant, not as a variable.
Even though all Scorpios are all pretty great, there's only one zodiac sign that has always been the greatest of them all since the onset of all humanity, and it's Capricorn.
Even though all our knowledge begins with experience, it doesn't all come from experience.
Even though all zodiac signs are beautiful in their own respect, Scorpios still stand out from the crowd.
Even though both my hands are hurting, I keep working.
Even though computer programmers may use semicolons every day, nowadays most people only use semicolons for emoticons.
Even though everything I said was true, I shouldn't have said it.
Even though eye witnesses saw the HMAS Sydney sink in 1941, it took 60 years to locate the wreck on the bottom of the Indian Ocean.
Even though great men flatter themselves with their great accomplishments, they're rarely the result of great planning, but more often of mere chance.
Even though he apologized, I'm still furious.
Even though he apologized, I'm still very mad.
Even though he apologized, I’m still furious.
Even though he didn't like chicken noodle soup, he ate the whole bowl.
Even though he didn't sleep, Mr. Blay gave a great speech.
Even though he didn’t sleep, Mr. Blay gave a great speech.
Even though he died, Jugerten's name was remembered, as Sallust mentioned it in his book.
Even though he explained to me over and over again the meaning of this poem, I still don't get it.
Even though he had a cold, he went to work.
Even though he had made many mistakes, he didn't have any regrets.
Even though he had made many mistakes, he didn’t have any regrets.
Even though he had many other sweaters, Matthew's wool sweater remained his favorite for its comfort and style.
Even though he had served his time in prison, the murderer was never quite condoned by the public for his crime.
Even though he had served the company faithfully for 20 years, they still gave him the shaft.
Even though he has a college degree, Tom works as a janitor.
Even though he has a lot of money, he's not happy.
Even though he has become boss of the company, Mr Yamada is unassuming. That's probably why he is liked by everyone.
Even though he has money, he isn't happy.
Even though he has turned twenty, he's still too timid to chat with girls.
Even though he has turned twenty, he’s still too timid to chat with girls.
Even though he hasn't been learning Chinese for more than a week, he already knows a lot of characters.
Even though he is 38, he still depends on his parents.
Even though he is learned, I can't respect him.
Even though he is learned, I can’t respect him.
Even though he is my neighbour, I did not know him well.
Even though he lives in the United States, Tom can't speak English.
Even though he lives next door, he doesn't even say hello to us.
Even though he studied, he didn’t pass the exam. It was too complicated.
Even though he was a child, he worked hard to help his mother.
Even though he was a school dropout, Tom was later very successful in life.
Even though he was addressing the entire audience, his sarcastic remark was directed at me.
Even though he was born in Osaka, he was raised in Tokyo.
Even though he was exhausted, he had to go back to work.
Even though he was ill, he went to school.
Even though he was poor, he was happy.
Even though he was rich, he wasn't happy.
Even though he was sick, he came to work.
Even though he was sick, he went to school.
Even though he was sick, the boy still went to school.
Even though he was tired, he went on with his work.
Even though he was tired, he worked.
Even though he was very busy, he still took some of his time to show me the city.
Even though he's 38, he's still dependent on his parents.
Even though he's a child, he can understand her story.
Even though he's a newcomer, his judgement is good and he helps everyone out.
Even though he's a policeman, he's afraid of thieves.
Even though he's got a lot of girlfriends, he's still not a player.
Even though he's my adoptive father, he still loves me.
Even though he's my neighbour, I don't know him very well.
Even though he's old, he's still healthy.
Even though he's poor, he's happy.
Even though he's poor, he's still happy.
Even though he's turned twenty, he's still too timid to chat with girls.
Even though he's ugly, I find him appealing.
Even though he's very old, he's healthy.
Even though he's wealthy, he isn't happy.
Even though he's wealthy, he's not happy.
Even though her family is from Taiwan, Mary grew up in Canada.
Even though her name is Grace, she is anything but gracious.
Even though her purse is on the seat.
Even though her salary is low, she works hard for that company.
Even though her vet told her not to, she continued to feed her dog raw vegetables.
Even though he’s a child, he can understand her story.
Even though he’s a policeman, he’s afraid of thieves.
Even though he’s got a lot of girlfriends, he’s still not a player.
Even though his mother told him to get ready for dinner, Tom continued playing his game.
Even though his phone was obviously ringing, Tom left it on the table and didn't answer it.
Even though it costs his life, he still chooses to betray his organization.
Even though it hadn't rained for several days, the ground was still quite wet underfoot.
Even though it has a masculine and feminine reproductive system, the earthworm requires another individual to bring forth fecundation.
Even though it has one of the largest numbers of native speakers in the world, the language is underrepresented on the internet.
Even though it has to be a dream, it doesn't seem like it.
Even though it is an unnecessarily difficult quiz show, the prize money is surprisingly little.
Even though it is raining, I don't care at all.
Even though it is raining, I don’t care at all.
Even though it is raining, he will play golf.
Even though it meant risking danger, he decided to go there.
Even though it sounds strange, what she said is true.
Even though it was a big mistake, no one's talking about it.
Even though it was a magical forest, that did not stop war from killing almost all of the elf inhabitants.
Even though it was cold, we went out for a walk.
Even though it was difficult, I was able to do that.
Even though it was hard, I was able to do that.
Even though it was raining, I did that.
Even though it was raining, I went out.
Even though it was raining, Tom went for a walk.
Even though it was raining, she went out.
Even though it was raining, they went on their field trip.
Even though it was raining, they went on their outing.
Even though it was raining, we decided to take a walk.
Even though it was raining, we played football.
Even though it was raining, we went out for a walk anyway.
Even though it was raining, we went out for a walk.
Even though it was sunny today, it was quite cold.
Even though it was the school holidays, Mr. Ahmad still held extra classes for the fifth form students.
Even though it was very cold, I went out.
Even though it was very cold, we went out.
Even though it wasn't easy, I was able to do that.
Even though it wasn't easy, Tom and I were able to do that.
Even though it'll take a lot of money, I'll do that.
Even though it'll take a lot of time, I'll do that.
Even though it's Monday today, Tom and Mary are here.
Even though it's Monday today, Tom is here.
Even though it's Monday, Tom will do that.
Even though it's a bit cold, let's go swimming.
Even though it's a bit cold, we still plan on having a picnic.
Even though it's a holiday, Tom went to his office.
Even though it's against company policy, Tom and Mary kiss and hug every time they meet.
Even though it's an hydroponic tomato, it's quite tasty.
Even though it's busy today, this bit of work must be finished before leaving.
Even though it's cheap, why are you buying so much toilet paper? We don't have anywhere to put it all.
Even though it's half off, it's still expensive and doesn't feel like a good deal.
Even though it's hard, I will try to do it.
Even though it's one thing that makes me feel alive, it's no longer my biggest thrill.
Even though it's optional, you should still do the homework.
Even though it's raining, Tom rode his bicycle to school.
Even though it's raining, it's not raining hard enough to need an umbrella.
Even though it's raining, we're going out for a walk.
Even though it's small, it's a great restaurant.
Even though it's small, it's still a great car.
Even though it's small, it's still my apartment.
Even though it's snowing, I have to go.
Even though it's snowing, I'll do that.
Even though it’s against company policy, Tom and Mary kiss and hug every time they meet.
Even though it’s busy today, this bit of work must be finished before leaving.
Even though it’s hard, I realize we're no longer meant to be.
Even though large tracts of Europe and many old and famous States have fallen or may fall into the grip of the Gestapo and all the odious apparatus of Nazi rule, we shall not flag or fail.
Even though many of them are major food producers, they are legally obliged to stop farming Monday and leave their homesteads by August 10.
Even though many women shave their legs, Mary doesn't.
Even though meat is more expensive than fish, the nutritional quality of the two is more or less the same.
Even though modest, that peasant’s farm exuded warmth and authenticity.
Even though more people than ever are shopping online, just 11% of all retail sales occur over the internet.
Even though most international students don't celebrate this specific holiday in their home countries, some say the gathering helps alleviate their homesickness.
Even though most of Sigmund Freud's theories have been debunked, he was still way ahead of his time, and was responsible for sparking a new wave of psychology.
Even though my friend was a vegetarian, I didn't tell him that the soup had some meat in it.
Even though my friend was a vegetarian, I didn’t tell him that the soup had some meat in it.
Even though my mental disease is slowing me down in my life, I can still find good reasons to stay alive and to stay hopeful about life.
Even though my mental disease keeps pushing me down and want to drag me down, there is still so much happiness still to be had in my lifetime.
Even though my president has changed the name of my country, I'll still refer to it with its internationally recognised name.
Even though my son is no longer a child, he's terrified of sleeping alone.
Even though no one ever spoke about it, everyone knew something wasn't quite right.
Even though no one ever spoke about it, everyone knew that something wasn't quite right.
Even though nobody ever spoke about it, everybody knew something wasn't quite right.
Even though nobody ever spoke about it, everybody knew that something wasn't quite right.
Even though our birthdays are only one day apart, Tom is one year ahead of me in school.
Even though our house was on TV, I'd prefer it if you wouldn't just barge in our garden and take pictures.
Even though she doesn't speak Hungarian, she says she's Hungarian.
Even though she doesn't speak the language, she says she's Hungarian.
Even though she grew up in Japan, she speaks fluent English.
Even though she is 38, she still depends on her parents.
Even though she is a woman, she can lift this barbell.
Even though she is dieting, the chocolate cake still tempts her.
Even though she is seeing someone else, I won't give her up.
Even though she is seeing someone else, I won’t give her up.
Even though she liked the city, the scent of the freshly plowed earth reminded her of her childhood in the countryside.
Even though she lives in my neighborhood, we only occasionally see each other.
Even though she rushed, the elderly woman missed the last train.
Even though she was a child, she wasn't afraid.
Even though she was a heavy woman, she danced well.
Even though she was busy, she came to see me.
Even though she was invited, she didn't go to watch the World Cup.
Even though she was trying to hide it, I could hear desperation in Mary's voice.
Even though she was very busy, she came to see me off all the same.
Even though she's allergic, I gave an egg to the child.
Even though she's in the afterlife, her ghost appears to me every night in the bedroom.
Even though she's rich, she says she's poor.
Even though solutions were considered in the past, we are only now able to take first measures to make them reality.
Even though someone came, she still remained uneasy.
Even though student numbers are increasing, on the whole, fewer scholarships have been granted.
Even though the United States is a developed country, it still has some very poor people.
Even though the accident was six months ago, my neck still hurts.
Even though the alarm clock went off, I didn't wake up.
Even though the alarm clock went off, I didn’t wake up.
Even though the announcement of his new work has been long awaited, I'm not the least excited by it.
Even though the bridge was about to fall down, we were able to cross it safely.
Even though the car accident damaged his body, his optimism was intact.
Even though the digital format is convenient, nothing compares to the comforting smell of ink and paper.
Even though the distance between us is great, we still communicate.
Even though the food was strange to Tom, he forced himself to eat it.
Even though the girl looks easy to read, she's actually more than meets the eye.
Even though the house was surrounded by the police, the criminals managed to escape.
Even though the light was red, that car just drove right through.
Even though the media reports that she is a potential presidential candidate, does anyone really think that she is a potential president?
Even though the meeting was long, we finally found a satisfying solution.
Even though the offer was very generous, Tom didn't accept it.
Even though the pay is higher, I'm not interested in that job.
Even though the police didn't want to hurt Tom, he was still scared at them and couldn't help nervously stuttering.
Even though the posted speed limit was 55 miles per hour, Tom was driving much faster.
Even though the project was ambitious, they managed to complete it before the deadline.
Even though the river is in flood, its bed of stones remains fixed to the ground.
Even though the speed limit was 55 miles per hour, Tom was driving much faster.
Even though the student appeared to be focused, he was actually absentmindedly gazing at the ceiling.
Even though the train was late, we made it in time.
Even though the weather was bad, I decided to go out.
Even though the weather was fine, I gave him my coat as he was going out.
Even though there was a no U-turn sign, I made a U-turn.
Even though there were a lot of biscuits in the bowl, I ate only three.
Even though there were many cookies on the dish, I only ate three.
Even though there's no money and no political machine, and even though we will lose, we'll still compete in the chess tournament on April 29, 3030.
Even though they didn't know each other well, they both knew it was love.
Even though they have wings, cars are still not completely capable of flying.
Even though they look like it, Carlos and Juan are not identical twins, only brothers.
Even though they look like twins, Carlos and Juan are only brothers.
Even though they love each other, they broke up.
Even though they were poor, they were happy.
Even though they're adults now, sometimes we still watch kid movies with our kids.
Even though they're divorced, they continue to live in the same house.
Even though they're not still married, Tom and Mary still have dinner together once a week.
Even though this chair didn't cost much, it's very comfortable.
Even though this chair was cheap, it's very comfortable.
Even though trilobites were relatively primitive animals, they had amazingly complex eyes. Many species had faceted eyes like an insect, using up to 15,000 lenses in one eye.
Even though we advised Tom not to do that, he decided to do it.
Even though we advised Tom not to do that, he did it.
Even though we are far apart, we still keep in touch.
Even though we can't be perfect, we still want to strive for perfection.
Even though we disagree on many things, there are some things we agree on.
Even though we followed the stupid rules, look what happened.
Even though we know smoking is unhealthy, people still smoke.
Even though we lost the game, I have to say that we played better football.
Even though we resist this by all means â€” it is a fact.
Even though we resist this by all means — it is a fact.
Even though we still had an hour until closing time, my colleague Junko excitedly started getting ready to go home.
Even though we tried hard, we couldn't beat Jane.
Even though we tried hard, we couldn’t beat Jane.
Even though we tried our best, it was useless.
Even though we were engaged, she wouldn't let me kiss her.
Even though we were supposed to meet at 10, I've had no contact with them. I wonder if they've had an accident.
Even though we're divorced, we've remained friends.
Even though we're engaged, he did not want to let me kiss him.
Even though we're engaged, she did not want to let me kiss her.
Even though we're engaged, she wouldn't let me kiss her.
Even though we're married, I'd like you to respect my personal space.
Even though we're supposedly in a recession, people are traveling abroad in record numbers this Golden Week holiday.
Even though we've been living in this apartment for six years, it's never really felt like home to me.
Even though we've been together for two years, he has never told me: "I love you!"
Even though we’re engaged, she wouldn’t let me kiss her.
Even though we’re supposedly in a recession, people are traveling abroad in record numbers this Golden Week holiday.
Even though what he said was sound, I still wasn't completely convinced.
Even though you are away from me.
Even though you are recovering from an illness, you mustn't eat foods like cup ramen.
Even though you came to the movie theater to see the movie, you fell asleep. That's terrible.
Even though you came to the movie theater to see the movie, you fell asleep. That’s terrible.
Even though you don't agree with me, I'll keep doing things my way.
Even though you don't have to do that, you should.
Even though you don't like me, we still have to work together.
Even though you don't like this, you must eat it.
Even though you don’t like this, you must eat it.
Even though you have a lot of money, I don't envy you.
Even though you like tomatoes, you dislike tomato juice, right?
Even though you may be quick as the wind, I will beat you in a race.
Even though you said I should do that, I didn't.
Even though you said I should kiss Tom, I didn't.
Even though you said I shouldn't do that, I did.
Even though you said I shouldn't kiss Tom, I did.
Even though you understand French, you don't understand Spanish.
Even though you're gone, your guidance and love continue to shape my every step.
Even though you're older than me, I still think you're young enough to appreciate this.
Even though you're quick, you're still not ready.
Even though you're rich, I don't envy you.
Even though, in the capitalist system, I made money, I don't really believe in it. I still believe, as I did in high school, in some form of communism. A society that primarily worries about money is a dysfunctional society. All people need is decent health care, decent housing, decent transportation, decent education, decent food, decent whatever, etc. We don't need extravagance. Where I live, a house typically costs a million dollars or more. Why does it cost so much, here on grey-pavement parking-lot wasteland, the Flat Mountain, Lulu Island? The houses aren't even reinforced concrete structures as in Asia, but flimsy gyprock, wood, etc. Lulu Island isn't as if a suburb of Barcelona or something posh and cultural. Why do we have to worry about money?
Even three centuries ago, most Western Europeans still used their fingers.
Even three dollars would help.
Even through its thick hair, Ziri could see Bigfoot's muscles quivering.
Even times odd is even, odd times odd is odd.
Even to this day, I never bring that story up.
Even to this day, Ziri can hear the monster's terrifying roar.
Even today it's easy to hear phrases such as "we Muslims are the true Christians".
Even today the temperature is below zero.
Even today there is a lot of poverty in Morocco.
Even today, I still think of my ex-husband.
Even today, his theory remains practically irrefutable.
Even today, however, women struggle against discrimination.
Even today, in many village schools of our republic they are teaching no foreign languages; for lack of teachers.
Even today, the temperature is below zero.
Even today, these memories are very painful for me.
Even today, those people have difficulty showing national pride.
Even today, time seems to have stood still in the remote oases of the Algerian Sahara.
Even toddlers can do it, so I'd like you to enjoy yourselves as a family.
Even toddlers can do it, so I’d like you to enjoy yourselves as a family.
Even tough he's a child, he knows the difference between right and wrong.
Even tough it's such a big garden, it would be wasted if we let it get overrun with weeds.
Even trash, when gathered, forms mountains.
Even trees can communicate, not only people.
Even truth needs to be clad in new garments if it is to appeal to a new age.
Even under a deluge of scandal, the shameless politician would not abnegate their post.
Even under future scenarios in which atmospheric greenhouse gases rise dramatically, the models project the dry season in the southern Amazon to be only a few to ten days longer by the end of the century and therefore the risk of climate change-induced rainforest dieback should be relatively low.
Even video-game machines owned by most children today are computers.
Even videogame machines owned by most children today are computers.
Even walking till my legs turned to lead I couldn't find one that I liked.
Even walking till my legs turned to lead I couldn’t find one that I liked.
Even walls have ears.
Even we are people.
Even we cried.
Even we ourselves were confused.
Even we would have helped you.
Even when I graze, I keep my eyes open, said the sheep.
Even when I recognize my room, my pet and myself in the mirror, I recognize I'm dreaming.
Even when I sat in the sun, I was cold.
Even when I set an alarm clock before sleeping, I still oversleep until I'm late.
Even when I was a child, I was able to swim well.
Even when I was studying mathematics, physics, and computer science, it always seemed that the problem of consciousness was about the most interesting problem out there for science to come to grips with.
Even when I'm lying down, I'm tired.
Even when I’m worried, you help me find solutions.
Even when Yanni suspected Skura of the murder of their daughter, he really hoped it wasn't her.
Even when Yanni was home, he always kept very much to himself.
Even when Yanni was home, he was always very distant.
Even when a spinal cord injury severs the connection to the brain, the legs "remember" how to take a step.
Even when basil wilts, it keeps its aroma.
Even when he was a child, Fadil tormented his siblings.
Even when he was a child, he knew how to swim well.
Even when it rains, I go to the park every day to run.
Even when one is being praised, modesty is important.
Even when one looks carefully, they see nothing.
Even when patients are dying, their families must be kept away.
Even when people keep telling me it can't be done, I won't give up.
Even when she is 50 years old, she will still be breathtakingly beautiful.
Even when she thought about something else, ideas of death returned to her mind.
Even when she's not wearing makeup, she's very beautiful.
Even when she’s not wearing makeup, she’s very beautiful.
Even when the economy is bad, people drink beer.
Even when the facts demonstrated the opposite, he maintained he hadn't stolen it.
Even when they go bankrupt, large corporations get support from the state.
Even when tied in a thousand knots, the string is still but one.
Even when you convert to Islam, you're not truly able to escape the discrimination from some upper caste Hindus.
Even when you suddenly say "Take cover under your bed!", I'm not going to be able to fit under the bed.
Even when you think about it in a very commonsensical way, a life without laughter is gloomy and cold. Furthermore, it is thought to be unhealthy.
Even when you're old and gray, you should be able to enjoy life.
Even while I was dithering it's like I was being backed further and further into a corner.
Even while I was dithering it’s like I was being backed further and further into a corner.
Even while suffering, I look at my life through rose-tinted glasses.
Even while you weren't here, Papa, I thought about you every day.
Even with a generous estimate, there were at most only 2,000 people.
Even with a university degree, it's very hard to get a job in Gaza.
Even with a weak battery, the flashlight lit.
Even with all his money, he's unhappy.
Even with all his money, he’s unhappy.
Even with all his wealth and fame, he's unhappy.
Even with all his wealth and fame, he’s unhappy.
Even with all the money he has, he isn't happy.
Even with all the money he has, he isn’t happy.
Even with his glasses, he doesn't see very well.
Even with his glasses, he doesn’t see very well.
Even with history that was written by the winners, modern historical methods are able to shine new light on it.
Even with much simpler phonetics and spelling, some native Spanish speakers don't know the difference between some words.
Even with no flanges, conical wheels self-stabilize on rails.
Even with the best intentions, you could not understand him.
Even with the democratization of the whole of Algeria, Kabyle people will always be a hated minority.
Even with the whole town searching, no one found little Fadil.
Even with this disadvantage, however, he was not the hindmost, and reached the exit unhurt.
Even with you threatening me, I wasn't scared, now was I?
Even within our family, we don't all have the same race.
Even within the forest, the ground is concealed by a mass of slowly putrefying vegetable matter, which, from being soaked with water, yields to the foot.
Even without human intervention, Shaffer warns that species will migrate outside of their native environment, potentially causing harm.
Even without makeup, she's very cute.
Even without makeup, she’s very cute.
Even without me telling him to, my son cleaned his room.
Even without money, it's possible to live while supporting your health.
Even worms are bought for medical research.
Even wounds that have healed, leave scars behind.
Even writing in one's native language is a challenge.
Even you are a guy who doesn't know when to give up.
Even you can follow his advice.
Even you couldn't answer!
Even you couldn't answer.
Even you cried.
Even you have betrayed me.
Even you ought to know that.
Even you would have helped me.
Even you would have helped us.
Even you would help us.
Even you yourself said so.
Even you yourselves didn't know.
Even you, Brutus?
Even you, Tom?
Even young children know how to swipe on a touch screen.
Even young children worked in factories.
Even young kids know this word.
Even your faults do not lessen my respect for you, and in friendship this is what counts.
Even your mother doesn't know who your father is.
Even your silence can be a part of prayer.
Evening came.
Evening come, since you were slightly tired, you wished to sit in front of a new CafÃ© located on the corner of a new boulevard, still full of gravel and already showing its unfinished splendors.
Evening come, since you were slightly tired, you wished to sit in front of a new Café located on the corner of a new boulevard, still full of gravel and already showing its unfinished splendors.
Evening comes after morning, and morning comes after evening.
Evening dress is desired.
Evening flowed smoothly into night.
Evening is drawing on.
Evening is the last part of the day.
Evening was closing in on the valley.
Evening was drawing near.
Evening! All right?
Evening! How's it going?
Evenings by candle-light in Wroclaw.
Evenings in Hawaii are beautiful.
Events are happening thick and fast.
Events don't develop as expected.
Events in the summer of 1972 set the scene for President Nixon's eventual downfall.
Events in your life always happen according to some sense of destiny.
Events in your life are always linked together by some sense of destiny.
Events in your life are meant to happen the way they happen according to your own destiny in life.
Events in your life will always come along according to some sense of destiny.
Events in your life will always come along as they should go, and you can't change that in any way.
Events of that type generally arouse suspicion.
Events such as droughts, floods, wildfires, and pest outbreaks associated with climate change (for example, bark beetles in the West) are already disrupting ecosystems.
Events that are meant to happen in your life will always happen the way they're supposed to happen and you'll come to realize that it was all meant to happen the way it did.
Events were canceled throughout the nation, from festivals and concerts to sporting events.
Eventually I learned Berber.
Eventually I'd like to settle down and have a family, but not yet.
Eventually I’d like to settle down and have a family, but not yet.
Eventually Tom fell asleep.
Eventually Tom noticed what was happening.
Eventually Tom purchased a house in Australia.
Eventually Tom purchased a house in Boston.
Eventually he decided it would be best to deal with the matter in person.
Eventually it became quiet.
Eventually it was decided that the stores be equipped with surveillance cameras.
Eventually it was possible to find a really satisfactory solution.
Eventually the cruel man was sentenced to jail.
Eventually the doctor's receptionist called Tom's name.
Eventually the experiment succeeded.
Eventually the lake had a solid covering of ice.
Eventually the pain disappeared.
Eventually the salesman persuaded me to buy the expensive machine.
Eventually you'll have to tell Tom.
Eventually, Alberto left.
Eventually, Gabor coaxed Martha out of it.
Eventually, Gunter's truck came into view.
Eventually, Hornback's family bought a house in Paradise that had been spared by the fire.
Eventually, I hope I can visit every country in Europe.
Eventually, I want to start my own company.
Eventually, I'd like to start my own company.
Eventually, I'll probably get tired of doing this.
Eventually, I'll probably start my own company.
Eventually, Igor got the tent set up.
Eventually, Jonas fell asleep.
Eventually, Mary did what she was supposed to.
Eventually, Mary will realize that she needs help.
Eventually, Robert dozed off.
Eventually, Rodrigo lost consciousness.
Eventually, Tom and Mary did what they were supposed to.
Eventually, Tom and Mary got married.
Eventually, Tom and Mary will realize that they need help.
Eventually, Tom asked Mary for help.
Eventually, Tom became homeless.
Eventually, Tom changed his mind.
Eventually, Tom did what he said he'd do.
Eventually, Tom did what he was supposed to.
Eventually, Tom did what we told him to do.
Eventually, Tom found out what had happened.
Eventually, Tom gave up on the idea of escaping.
Eventually, Tom is going to kill us all.
Eventually, Tom just gave up.
Eventually, Tom left.
Eventually, Tom will agree to do that.
Eventually, Tom will be back.
Eventually, Tom will do that.
Eventually, Tom will likely agree to help us.
Eventually, Tom will realize he needs help.
Eventually, Tom will realize that he needs help.
Eventually, Tom will tell me everything I want to know.
Eventually, Tom will tell me everything.
Eventually, Tom will tell me where he buried the treasure.
Eventually, Tom's curiosity overcame his fear.
Eventually, Yanni left Skura alone.
Eventually, Yuri couldn't bear it any longer.
Eventually, Ziri made the decision to sacrifice Rima.
Eventually, Ziri managed to save his friend's life.
Eventually, a settlement was reached.
Eventually, an ambulance arrived.
Eventually, bleachers will be added.
Eventually, even a donkey will find its way to the oasis.
Eventually, he changed his mind.
Eventually, he complied with the rules.
Eventually, he decided to try it.
Eventually, he forgot about the incident.
Eventually, he hit the target.
Eventually, he noticed his mistake.
Eventually, he returned the sword to its sheath.
Eventually, he was sentenced to five years in prison for the violent crime.
Eventually, her fiercest rival conceded that she was right, which gave her the vindication she had sought for so long.
Eventually, his rights had to be acknowledged.
Eventually, my curiosity overcame my fear.
Eventually, my patience is going to run out.
Eventually, none of this will matter.
Eventually, prices will go up.
Eventually, she succeeded.
Eventually, someone is going to have to tell Tom that he needs to behave himself.
Eventually, someone's going to have to tell Mary that she needs to behave herself.
Eventually, someone's going to have to tell Tom and Mary that they need to behave themselves.
Eventually, that'll happen to you, too.
Eventually, that'll happen.
Eventually, the bones in the joint rub against each other, causing pain, decreased joint movement, and sometimes the formation of bone spurs or other changes in and around the joint.
Eventually, the genre became stagnant.
Eventually, the police are going to catch you.
Eventually, the police called in.
Eventually, the police car drove off.
Eventually, the police showed up.
Eventually, the pressure of the water broke open the door.
Eventually, the problem may take care of itself.
Eventually, the whole family came together.
Eventually, two engineers identified a solution to the problem.
Eventually, we all die.
Eventually, we did find some tracks.
Eventually, we found shelter and warmth.
Eventually, we reached a compromise.
Eventually, we reached the summit.
Eventually, we're going to have to do that.
Eventually, you'll be convinced.
Ever been to Muskogee?
Ever drifting down the stream — Lingering in the golden gleam — Life, what is it but a dream?
Ever feel like you're having deja vu?
Ever louder voices of protest drowned out his speech.
Ever member of the team was there.
Ever noticed how cheap loaves of sliced bread go mouldy so quickly?
Ever since I could remember, my grandfather has had a garden.
Ever since I got hypnotized, I feel like time goes by slowly.
Ever since I heard the news, I haven't been able to sleep at night.
Ever since I joined the school club, every day has been fulfilling.
Ever since I learned about the existence of the university, I wanted to attend it.
Ever since I learned about the existence of the university, I wanted to go there.
Ever since I met you; I think I have begun to live again; you brought the passion and I surrendered myself to you; the thing is that love arrives when you least expect it; nobody wants you at my age; today I've begun to live again, ever since I met you.
Ever since I started working from home, I've felt much healthier.
Ever since I tested C1 in a comprehension exam, I thought I was at a solid B2.
Ever since I was a child, I liked gooseberries.
Ever since I was born, I was always the one who bought disgrace on my close family.
Ever since I was little I've been told I look like Abraham.
Ever since I was real little, I've loved to practice the sport.
Ever since I've been at the sea, it's been raining.
Ever since Lyusya shaved her head bald, she's always had cold ears.
Ever since Mary died, things haven't been the same.
Ever since Mary left me, things haven't been the same.
Ever since Mary passed away, things haven't been the same.
Ever since Tom changed his mother-in-law's light bulbs, he's been in her good books.
Ever since Tom died, things haven't been the same.
Ever since Tom left me, things haven't been the same.
Ever since Tom passed away, things haven't been the same.
Ever since Trump was impeached twice for various actual high crimes he committed, the Republicans have been promising to impeach whoever the next Democratic president was for no reason.
Ever since Ziri was a kid, I knew he could do far better than his dad.
Ever since he arrived, everything has changed.
Ever since he broke up with her she's been talking trash about him to all her friends.
Ever since he broke up with her she’s been talking trash about him to all her friends.
Ever since he came, everything has changed.
Ever since he failed the entrance exam, he's been really headed down the wrong path.
Ever since he found her, he hasn't left her.
Ever since he got promoted, Tom has been strutting around like he's the grand fromage.
Ever since he lost his job, Tom has resorted to raiding the piggy bank to get by.
Ever since he made the goal that won the game, the other students have showered him with adulation.
Ever since he skipped out on his bill, he's been persona non grata around here.
Ever since he visited Paris, he only talks about that.
Ever since he was a little boy, Tom dreamed of becoming a garbage man.
Ever since he was promoted to manager, Tom has been on a power trip.
Ever since her ninetieth birthday, my grandmother's been deaf as a post.
Ever since his father died, David has been very sad.
Ever since his first ecstasy or vision of Christminster and its possibilities, Jude had meditated much and curiously on the probable sort of process that was involved in turning the expressions of one language into those of another.
Ever since his graduation from university until his retirement, Lao Wang had continually worked as a teacher.
Ever since my childhood I have liked to imaginatively experience the situations and histories of other people.
Ever since my daughter was born, I haven't had any time.
Ever since my neighbor's house was burgled, I sleep with one eye open.
Ever since our holiday in the Black Forest, Maultaschen has been my favourite food.
Ever since she fell in the kitchen, her mind hasn't been all there.
Ever since she fell in the kitchen, she hasn't been all there.
Ever since she fell in the kitchen, she hasn’t been all there.
Ever since that Christmas party, she has sworn off alcohol.
Ever since that argument, I've never set foot in that house.
Ever since that day he hasn't greeted me once.
Ever since that day, things haven't been the same around here.
Ever since that nasty incident happened between us, I'm seeing you in a much different light.
Ever since the Book of Revelation was first written, scholars have pondered and debated the question, "What was this guy on?"
Ever since the beginning of COVID-19, I am more attuned to my environment.
Ever since the car accident she's felt that she's been living on borrowed time.
Ever since the car accident she’s felt that she’s been living on borrowed time.
Ever since the curtains got changed, the room has looked completely different.
Ever since the thirteen colonies that lay along the Atlantic coast had become a nation, ambitious men had heard the call, "Go West, young man, go West!"
Ever since we got close to having dated for half a year, I've started to sense an impending breakup.
Ever since we've been wearing clothes, we haven't known one another.
Ever since we’ve been wearing clothes, we haven’t known one another.
Ever since you arrived, this house has been cursed and damned.
Ever since you were a kid, I didn't get you.
Ever since you've wronged me, I see you with totally different eyes.
Ever since, I've wandered aimlessly in the everlasting night of your eyes.
Ever so long ago, in the wonderful country of Nonamia, there lived an absent-minded magician.
Ever the organizer, Reggie separates his Skittles into groupings of the same flavor before he eats them.
Ever to excel.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better.
Everest is the highest mountain in the world.
Everest is the tallest mountain on the planet.
Everett spoke for almost two hours.
Everett stood silent for a moment.
Everglades National Park was created to protect an ecosystem from damage. The Everglades is home to about 30 species that federal officials say are threatened or endangered. They include the Florida panther, the American crocodile and the West Indian manatee.
Evergreen wreaths are Christmasy, but credit cards are Christmasier.
Everlasting fear, everlasting peace.
Every "civilized" human being should know what Western values are.
Every "why" has its "because".
Every 17 years, billions of insects, known as the cicadas of Brood X, rise from the earth.
Every Algerian father dreams of the day his daughter gets married.
Every Algerian father dreams of the day his son gets married.
Every Algerian is sick and tired of hearing this propaganda.
Every Algerian mother dreams of the day her daughter gets married.
Every Algerian mother dreams of the day her son gets married.
Every Algerian woman needs a Kabyle dress.
Every American calls Aldi "Aldi's."
Every American pays taxes in some form.
Every April 20, the Kabyles organize marches to remember the injustices they have suffered, to say the least!
Every April, in the weeks leading up to Earth Day, tens of thousands of volunteers converge on parks, forests and streams throughout the sprawling, four-state Potomac River watershed, on America's East Coast. They come to gather up and haul away hundreds of tons of trash before it winds up in the Potomac — the main drinking water source for towns and cities across the region. Our reporter joined some volunteers on a recent weekend cleanup and has this report.
Every Canadian I've ever met does it that way.
Every Canadian I've met has been very friendly.
Every Canadian I've met has been very polite.
Every Canadian that I've met has been very polite.
Every Christian has the General Calling.
Every Christmas Eve we go to church.
Every Christmas, my brother gifts me a prepaid Visa card.
Every December, the Geminids meteor shower can be seen around the world.
Every December, the Geminids meteor shower can be seen around the world. This year, though, a few conditions may make it extra special.
Every Esperantist should write sentences here.
Every February, I, along with many others across the nation, commemorate Black History Month and celebrate an important aspect of my diverse cultural heritage. Like most Americans, I’m the sum of many parts, an amalgam of intersecting identities. I am Black, a woman and a proud disabled veteran, to name a few. The intersectionality of my heritage and lived experiences is unique to me and makes me who I am.
Every Friday I get up early, walk from here to the train station, buy a ticket to New York, and spend the weekend with my parents. Then I go home.
Every Friday morning, he would get up and go to the mosque.
Every Friday night I played table tennis with my friends.
Every Friday night they went and drank.
Every Friday night they went and got liquored up.
Every Friday we do sclerotherapy.
Every Friday, he had to go to the mosque.
Every Friday, she visits our mosque to pray.
Every Halloween, the Bakirs have a family get-together in Sami's house.
Every Harlot was a Virgin once.
Every Hungarian citizen is required to defend the fatherland.
Every Internet access provider must understand these regulations.
Every Iranian I've met has been a great person.
Every Jack has his Jill.
Every Jack must have his Jill.
Every Jew receives a Hebrew name shortly after birth.
Every Kabyle girl should have a Kabyle dress.
Every Kabyle village has a mosque.
Every Kabyle woman has a Kabyle dress.
Every March 15, Algeria celebrates the anniversary of Mouloud Feraoun's assassination.
Every May 1st, the town of Cocullo in Abruzzo celebrates the Festa dei Serpari or snake festival.
Every Monday I have to catch the train into work.
Every Monday Mrs. Evans washed all the family's clothes in the tin bath.
Every Monday Mrs. Evans washed all the family's clothes in the zinc bathtub.
Every Monday Mrs. Evans washed all the family’s clothes in the tin bath.
Every Monday, I have a face-to-face meeting with my manager.
Every Monday, I have a one-on-one meeting with my manager.
Every Moroccan girl needs a Kabyle dress.
Every Moroccan woman needs a Kabyle dress.
Every Muslim has the right to visit the al-Aqsa Mosque.
Every Muslim has to seek knowledge.
Every Muslim is responsible for acquiring the information that they need to make them a better Muslim.
Every Muslim should read that book.
Every October I cut down the dead trees and in November I chop them up to use as firewood.
Every Olympus has a byroad to its top.
Every Palestinian child in Hebron has the right to go to school.
Every Ramadan, Yitzhak goes to visit his friend Sami in a small West Bank village.
Every Russian city has a Lenin and a Pushkin street.
Every Russian town has a Lenin and a Pushkin street.
Every Saturday we clean the whole house.
Every Saturday we play football.
Every Saturday, Gustavo goes fishing.
Every Saturday, Gustavo goes for a bike ride.
Every Saturday, Gustavo goes to the cinema with his friends.
Every Saturday, Gustavo goes to the gym.
Every Saturday, Gustavo goes to the park with his children.
Every Saturday, Gustavo plays video games in the basement.
Every Sunday I go to the library.
Every Sunday afternoon, I go to the bazaar.
Every Sunday is holy, my dear cousin.
Every Sunday the cat sits on the windowsill and watches the birds.
Every Sunday there was a brass band on the bandstand in the square.
Every Sunday they go to church.
Every Sunday, I drive to my local Buddhist temple. I drive really fast, with loud music on.
Every Sunday, Takashi loves to adjust his car's engine.
Every Sunday, Takashi loves to adjust his car’s engine.
Every Sunday, a new body was discovered.
Every Sunday, at exactly six in the morning, the priest opens the church doors and rings the bell.
Every Sunday, he spends time with his grandma.
Every Sunday, she spends time with her grandma.
Every Tatoeba member is simultaneously student and teacher.
Every Tatoeba sentence is unique, because any duplicates get deleted.
Every Tatoeba sentence should be commented and its translation discussed, unless it's completely obvious.
Every Tatoeba sentence should be commented and its translation discussed, unless it’s completely obvious.
Every Thursday evening, they meet around a table to play tarot or poker.
Every Thursday we go to the cinema.
Every Tibetan above 25 has the right to stand for election to the Assembly of Tibetan People's Deputies.
Every Tibetan above 25 has the right to stand for election to the Assembly of Tibetan People’s Deputies.
Every Tom, Dick, and Harry ended up coming to the party.
Every Tuesday her fat little fingers flew like birds up and down the keys of song too.
Every Tuesday morning an old lady called Mrs. Lark came to the children sang.
Every Tuesday morning an old lady called Mrs. Lark came to the school.
Every Tuesday morning the housekeeper vacuums.
Every Tuesday she engages her audience in a lively discussion with medical doctors, experts and various guests.
Every Tuesday was stew at our house.
Every Tunisian girl needs a Kabyle dress.
Every Tunisian woman needs a Kabyle dress.
Every U.S. President has been a Christian.
Every Van Gujjar buffalo has a name. Every buffalo they say has a unique personality. If a buffalo was to get sick, the family would be really wracked with concern. And if a buffalo dies, they’ll bury it and mourn for it almost as if it was human.
Every action and every undertaking seem to aim at some good.
Every action evokes opposition.
Every action has its consequence.
Every actor has cold feet just before the beginning of a show.
Every address on the list was crossed out.
Every adult I know drinks beer.
Every advance in civilization has been denounced as unnatural while it was recent.
Every advantage has its disadvantage.
Every adventure with you is unforgettable.
Every affluent person owns at least two cars.
Every afternoon, pro-democracy demonstrators pack the city's streets, demanding the establishment of a multiparty government.
Every afternoon, the village women get together to chat.
Every afternoon, the woman went to church to pray.
Every age has its pleasures.
Every age has its wisdom.
Every anarchist is a socialist, but every socialist is not necessarily an anarchist.
Every android is a robot.
Every animal can be happy.
Every animal cares for its nest.
Every animal is sad after coitus, except the woman and the rooster.
Every animal needs food, water, and a shelter.
Every apple is red.
Every apprentice must do their own work.
Every art and every inquiry seem to aim at some good.
Every artist writes his own autobiography.
Every aspect of life now depends on technology.
Every attempt to remember feels futile.
Every author suffers from writer's block from time to time.
Every author suffers from writer’s block from time to time.
Every available car was being used.
Every band that was around in the Aughts made an album about Bush.
Every beautiful Algerian girl needs a Kabyle dress.
Every beautiful Algerian woman needs a Kabyle dress.
Every beautiful Moroccan girl needs a Kabyle dress.
Every beautiful Moroccan woman needs a Kabyle dress.
Every beautiful Tunisian girl needs a Kabyle dress.
Every beautiful Tunisian woman needs a Kabyle dress.
Every beautiful woman needs a Kabyle dress.
Every beginning is difficult.
Every beloved object is the center point of a paradise.
Every bicyclist knows his own natural pace, and when departing from that must expect to be winded sooner or later.
Every bird builds a nest.
Every bird has its song.
Every bird likes its nest.
Every bird likes its own nest.
Every body is different.
Every bodybuilder must appreciate and respect the art of bodybuilding and when using steroids, you're disrespecting it.
Every bolt on the car is rusted.
Every book has its destiny.
Every boss has his or her favorite employee.
Every box was full.
Every boy and every girl was delighted.
Every boy and girl is taught to read and write.
Every boy and girl knows Columbus.
Every boy and girl knows him.
Every boy here has a girlfriend.
Every boy in the class wanted to sit next to Mary.
Every boy is supposed to wear a tie at the party.
Every breath that I took wasn't enough.
Every bride is beautiful on her wedding day.
Every bride needs a Kabyle dress.
Every building has a name.
Every bullet has its billet.
Every burned book enlightens the world.
Every burned book makes the world a little darker.
Every bus is full.
Every butterfly has been a caterpillar, but not every caterpillar will become a butterfly.
Every butterfly has been a larva, but not all larvae will become butterflies.
Every butterfly was a caterpillar, but not all caterpillars will be butterflies.
Every camel has its hump.
Every car was dented.
Every card requires you to set a Personal Identification Number.
Every case is different.
Every cat has its own personality.
Every cat is a good cat.
Every cat is unique, but some are more unique than others.
Every cat is unique.
Every cat likes milk.
Every category has its disadvantages and advantages.
Every cause produces more than one effect.
Every cell comes from a cell.
Every certitude is a kind of servitude.
Every challenge is an opportunity.
Every chapter should contain a small story.
Every chess piece moves in different ways.
Every child at this school comes from the local area.
Every child behaves badly from time to time.
Every child bowed to the teacher.
Every child can do that.
Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man.
Every child has a right to protection.
Every child has the right to a safe environment.
Every child has the right to nutrition of the best quality in public schools.
Every child has their own beauty.
Every child in the school took to the new teacher.
Every child in the world has the right to go to school, including Palestinian children in the occupied territories.
Every child is playing.
Every child knows that.
Every child knows this.
Every child likes an apple.
Every child misbehaves from time to time.
Every child needs a father or a father figure in their life.
Every child needs someone to admire and emulate.
Every child needs someone to look up to and copy.
Every child objects to being treated like a baby.
Every child should be able to dress how they like.
Every child took to the new teacher.
Every child who learns, and every man who finds work, and every sick body that's made whole - like a candle added to an altar - brightens the hope of all the faithful.
Every child who learns, and every man who finds work, and every sick body that’s made whole - like a candle added to an altar - brightens the hope of all the faithful.
Every child will receive a gift.
Every chopstick made here goes overseas, where they are sold to supermarket chains in China, Korea and Japan.
Every chord, every harmony, every discordant note fills me with immense joy.
Every citizen has a security number.
Every citizen has rights and duties.
Every citizen has the right to health and to a life that meets the minimum cultural standards.
Every citizen ought to help them.
Every city has an imposing cathedral.
Every city in Italy feels like a living museum.
Every cliché is true.
Every client has rights.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Every cock crows on his own dunghill.
Every collector of the old French vignettes should possess himself of the "Guide de l'amateur," by M. Henry Cohen (Rouquette, Paris, 1880).
Every colour has a meaning.
Every comment is unnecessary.
Every company has a firm business plan.
Every computer is a calculator, but not every calculator is a computer.
Every conversation felt like a struggle.
Every cop in Amsterdam thinks I'm a traitor.
Every cop in Boston is now looking for Tom.
Every corner of Algiers is captivating.
Every country has a capital city.
Every country has a different custom.
Every country has a different system.
Every country has a different way.
Every country has a national flag.
Every country has a specific culture.
Every country has its flag.
Every country has its national flag.
Every country has its own charm.
Every country has its own customs.
Every country has its own flag.
Every country has its own history.
Every country has the government it deserves.
Every country is different.
Every country is mostly known abroad for its vices.
Every cow is milked, not every word is spoken.
Every creature is a word of God.
Every creature of the world is like a book and a picture to us- and a mirror.
Every crime calls for punishment.
Every crime must be punished.
Every cripple is happy to talk about the war.
Every culture has a dark side.
Every culture has its ghost stories.
Every culture has its own unique values and perspectives, and no one has the right to impose their own on others.
Every customer will be entitled to a ticket to take part in the raffle.
Every daring attempt to make a great change in existing conditions, every lofty vision of new possibilities for the human race, has been labelled Utopian.
Every day I check the news, but every day our two presidential candidates are still Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump.
Every day I come to university by bus.
Every day I commute from Rennes to Quimper.
Every day I drive more than a hundred kilometers.
Every day I drive over a hundred kilometers.
Every day I either ride a bike or get the bus to work.
Every day I feel better and better.
Every day I get more smarter.
Every day I get up at 6 o'clock.
Every day I go from Rennes to Quimper.
Every day I go to school.
Every day I go to the café and have coffee.
Every day I go to work.
Every day I just keep getting reminded about the places we visited.
Every day I learn about a new language I've never knew existed.
Every day I learn one word and forget another.
Every day I learn something new about the world around me.
Every day I learned something about the planet, about the departure, about the journey.
Every day I love the person I see in the mirror.
Every day I love you just a little bit more than I did the day before.
Every day I love you more. Today more than yesterday, and much less than tomorrow.
Every day I pass by him.
Every day I planned my revenge.
Every day I take the tram to the office.
Every day I think: wouldn't life be great if I didn't have to work.
Every day I waited for her at the bookstore after school.
Every day I water flowers in a garden.
Every day I work different hours.
Every day I work for five hours and return home.
Every day Mary took baskets full of bread to the poor and cared for the sick.
Every day Tom gets up at dawn.
Every day Tom plods into work.
Every day at noon I have a one hour break.
Every day at school I eat with my friends.
Every day at school I have lunch with my friends.
Every day can be a good day.
Every day counts.
Every day feels like a new battle.
Every day grandfather and grandmother gave the kitten plenty of milk, and soon the kitten grew nice and plump.
Every day has 1440 minutes.
Every day has a continuation.
Every day has a sequel.
Every day has eighty-six thousand four hundred seconds.
Every day has its end.
Every day has one-thousand four-hundred and forty minutes.
Every day he did the same thing for eight hours and then he went home.
Every day he gets into some new mischief.
Every day he says something different.
Every day in life is a new life.
Every day in your life you're lonely.
Every day in your life you’re lonely.
Every day is a battle at this worksite.
Every day is a challenge.
Every day is a dream.
Every day is a gift.
Every day is a good day.
Every day is a new beginning – take a deep breath and start afresh.
Every day is a new beginning.
Every day is a new challenge.
Every day is a new day.
Every day is a new opportunity to grow.
Every day is a page in the story of your life.
Every day is a party for Fadil.
Every day is a party for Sami.
Every day is a party for Tom.
Every day is a sacred day.
Every day is a struggle.
Every day is an invitation to happiness.
Every day is different.
Every day is good for laughter.
Every day is like a dream.
Every day is lost in which we do not learn something useful. Man has no nobler or more valuable possession than time.
Every day is someone's birthday.
Every day is the anniversary of some historic event.
Every day is the same routine.
Every day is the same.
Every day many human lives were lost there in political conflicts.
Every day mosques are built, so that hunger is sheltered there.
Every day my dad leaves for work at eight o'clock.
Every day my feelings grow stronger.
Every day of my life, I go outside and stare at the sun, and the sun stares back at me.
Every day of thy life is a page in thy history.
Every day offers something new.
Every day one should at least hear one little song, read one good poem, see one fine painting and – if at all possible – speak a few reasonable words.
Every day people cut down thousands of trees in the world.
Every day she saw Daphnis drive his goats past her house, taking them to pasture in the morning, and home again at night; and being desirous of enticing him to love, she began to watch him and at last surprised him when he was alone.
Every day spent with you is a reminder of how lucky I am to have you by my side. You complete me in every way, and you are my everything.
Every day that ends brings us a little closer to our death.
Every day that passes hurts me more.
Every day that you're alive, you should smile at life.
Every day the boy would come.
Every day the girls used to walk to the village to look for work, after which they would give the money they found to their mother.
Every day they killed a llama to make the Sun God happy.
Every day they learn new words.
Every day was a new adventure to Yanni.
Every day was exhausting.
Every day we use many things which Edison invented.
Every day won't all be like this one.
Every day you may run up against a lot of distractions when studying foreign languages.
Every day you should at least listen to a short song, read a good poem, look at a beautiful picture, and, if possible, say several intelligent words.
Every day you walk the streets.
Every day's the same.
Every day, I fall more in love with you.
Every day, I live with the remorse that I didn't trust him.
Every day, I look after the sheep.
Every day, I spend hours doing nothing of import.
Every day, I take the train to work.
Every day, I travel more than a hundred kilometers.
Every day, I wait for you to come.
Every day, I wake up grateful for your presence in my life. You've become an irreplaceable part of me, and I can't let you go.
Every day, Mary tends her horse in the riding stable.
Every day, Tom used to read a bedtime story to his children.
Every day, Ziri would write letters to Stephen Hawking.
Every day, a blue bird flies into our garden.
Every day, a lot of emails arrive that require our attention.
Every day, animals are brutalised in slaughterhouses and experimental laboratories. Nobody influential is willing to stop it.
Every day, be grateful for all the things you have. Count your blessings.
Every day, children at school would tell me that I was ugly and that no one wanted to be my friend.
Every day, except Thursdays and Fridays, he gathered with his friends to chat.
Every day, guilt is a part of my life.
Every day, he asks her the same four questions.
Every day, he asks her the same question.
Every day, he now writes a page or more for his new book.
Every day, in every way, I am getting better and better.
Every day, it's getting hotter and hotter.
Every day, it's very hot and I feel like I'll melt.
Every day, it’s getting hotter and hotter.
Every day, make a list of the things you're grateful for.
Every day, meteorites fall to the Earth.
Every day, millions of people are victims of bullying because of their skin color, orientation and gender.
Every day, my brother borrows a new book from the library.
Every day, remind yourself of all the things you are grateful for.
Every day, she speaks up for her needs.
Every day, she talks about getting married.
Every day, she talks about marriage.
Every day, tens of thousands of commuters cross the Øresund Bridge between Copenhagen and Malmö.
Every day, the Algerian capital, Algiers, grows bigger.
Every day, the price of oil rises.
Every day, the tumor was getting bigger.
Every day, they serve fresh fish and lobster, which they get weekly by plane from Norway.
Every day, this 42-year-old forestry warden takes his 11-year-old son and his 5-year-old daughter home from school on his moped.
Every day, two little children waited for their return.
Every day, we get at the very least three clients at the shop.
Every day, we wish she were still with us, and our hope is that this statue will be seen forever as a symbol of her life and her legacy.
Every day, when I get up, I pray to God and brush my teeth.
Every day, while her two daughters were working indoors, the merchant's wife would send Vasilissa on one errand or other into the forest, either to find a branch of a certain rare bush or to bring her flowers or berries.
Every day, you can learn something.
Every day, you rely on many people, most of whom you have never met, to provide you with the goods and services that you enjoy.
Every day, you show up late. That really says a lot about your work ethic, Tom.
Every day, your father drives to work.
Every day.
Every death happens too soon.
Every decision I made was carefully calculated.
Every department needs to take care of its own issues.
Every detail doesn't matter.
Every detail is important.
Every detail matters.
Every detail matters. Please do not forget punctuation and capital letters.
Every detail of his writing is carefully composed.
Every detail was planned thoroughly in advance.
Every dictatorship needs a strong repressive intelligence service.
Every difficulty has an expiration date.
Every disadvantage has its advantage.
Every disease has its own treatment.
Every dog has a name.
Every dog has four legs.
Every dog has his day.
Every dog has its day.
Every dog is a good dog.
Every dog is a lion at home.
Every dog is alive.
Every dog is entitled to one bite.
Every dog is valiant at his own door.
Every dogs has his own day.
Every dollar counts.
Every dollar helps.
Every dollar you're investing in this project is worth it.
Every donation feels like planting a seed of hope.
Every door in the house is locked.
Every door was open.
Every dream comes at a price.
Every dream has meaning.
Every driver must follow the traffic rules.
Every drop is important.
Every dumbass with a camera thinks he is a photographer.
Every early summer, Yanni harvests bark to make baskets.
Every edge begins at that vertex.
Every effort deserves a reward.
Every effort has been made to deal with the accident.
Every effort he makes falls short in the eyes of his father.
Every effort is being made to determine what happened to the ill-fated aircraft.
Every effort was in vain.
Every effort will be made to obtain tickets to his showing.
Every electronic cash register at the grocery store crashed when Tom inserted his charge card.
Every empire falls.
Every employee is supposed to keep his own vehicle in perfect condition.
Every ending taught me something new about myself.
Every entrance was locked.
Every episode of the TV drama series begins with a short introduction of what that episode is about.
Every era has its difficulties, but former ones had souls, too.
Every even integer greater than 2 can be expressed as the sum of two primes.
Every even number greater than 2 is the sum of two primes.
Every even number is the sum of two primes.
Every evening I discern the glow over there.
Every evening I have a bath.
Every evening I listen to the news on the radio.
Every evening after bedtime stories Mary asked for a lullaby and Mama of course, could not deny her.
Every evening after school we met in his back garden and arranged Indian battles.
Every evening he told her that anybody with ordinary gumption ought to realize that night air was bad for the human frame.
Every evening we discern the glow over there.
Every evening, I watch the "Walking Dead".
Every evening, Mary reads her children a goodnight story.
Every evening, Tom massages Maria's leg.
Every evening, a nightingale would sing us songs.
Every evening, as the sun goes down, thousands of adult bats fly out of the natural entrance of the cave. It can take from twenty minutes to more than two hours for them all to leave. The bats fly to nearby river valleys to feed on night-flying insects. Then, toward morning, they return to the bat cave within Carlsbad Cavern.
Every evening, he gets really drunk.
Every evening, my family has dinner together.
Every evil is easily crushed at birth.
Every excuse you make is pushing me closer to the edge.
Every experience is worthy of inquiry and deeper understanding and love.
Every experiment required a protected environment and an entirely objective frame of mind.
Every fable ends up with a moral.
Every falling snowflake dances its dance.
Every falling snowflake dances its premortem dance.
Every falling snowflake seemed to tell a sweet winter song.
Every family decorates a fir tree for the new year.
Every family has 16.6 million HUF in savings.
Every family has a secret recipe.
Every family has a skeleton in the closet.
Every family has one.
Every family in America was deeply affected by that terrible war.
Every family in this neighborhood seems to have at least one cat.
Every family on this street has a dog.
Every farmer who owns a donkey beats it.
Every few minutes, Daniel would glance at Donald and Jessica then whisper something to Rima.
Every few years symbolic elections are held in Iran, but in practice the Iranian government is a dictatorial regime.
Every fiber of my being is consumed by rage.
Every fifth person has a car in this country.
Every flatterer lives at the expense of those who listen to them.
Every floor had a single apartment.
Every folder contained a photo.
Every football team must select a captain.
Every foreigner who visits Japan says that prices here are too high.
Every four years, Americans pause for Inauguration Day to witness a hallmark of American democracy — the peaceful transfer of power.
Every four years, athletes from around the world gather to compete in the Summer and Winter Olympics.
Every fox praises its tail.
Every function should have comments describing its purpose in order to avoid confusion.
Every gadget is just imaginary before one makes it for the first time.
Every generalization is dangerous, especially this one.
Every genocide begins with hate speech.
Every girl cannot be a ballerina.
Every girl dreams of owning a pony.
Every girl gets menstruation.
Every girl in the class had a crush on Tom.
Every girl knows that singer.
Every girl needs a Kabyle dress.
Every girl needs their father.
Every girl on the planet is attracted to a strong man.
Every girl on the planet is different.
Every girl on the planet is naturally programmed to want a man who has strong self-confidence.
Every girl on the planet likes a guy who makes her truly feel like a girl.
Every girl on the planet likes a strong man.
Every girl on the planet likes an alpha male.
Every girl's crazy about a sharp-dressed man.
Every girl, I repeat, every girl on the planet likes a guy who makes her truly feel like a girl.
Every girlfriend that Tom has ever had has been named Mary.
Every girl’s crazy about a sharp-dressed man.
Every glance feels loaded with unexpressed thoughts.
Every glance you give is filled with suspicion and doubt.
Every goat breed serves a specific purpose.
Every good blade is from Damascus.
Every good boy does fine.
Every good fighter needs a sparring partner.
Every good restaurant has vegetarian options.
Every government office seems to have problems in expediting matters without entanglement in its red tape system.
Every grandiose tweet provokes a chorus of gibes, jeers, and sneers.
Every grave in this cemetery is identical. It must be where they bury suburbanites.
Every great achievement was once considered impossible.
Every great people has a character of its own, which it manifests and perpetuates in a variety of ways.
Every great writer seems to have been interested in English.
Every guest on this crew must always wear their wristband.
Every guitar tells a unique story across its strings, every chord evoking distant memories.
Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies, in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and not clothed. This world in arms is not spending money alone. It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children.
Every guy Rima dated is dead except for Lorenzo.
Every guy can say "although I’m not the greatest man in the world, I am the man who is best to you."
Every guy can say: "Although I'm not the greatest man in the world, I am the man who is best to you."
Every hair on Ziri's body stood on end.
Every hair on my body stood on end.
Every harvest time, Ellie and the whole family pick the grapes by hand.
Every herb and plant is edible. Obviously there are some that you can eat only once.
Every herring is a fish, but not every fish is a herring.
Every high school student has ditched class at one time or other.
Every high school student should be required to take an introductory logic course.
Every historical figure was flawed.
Every hospital has a back-up electric generator in case of blackout.
Every hotel in town is full.
Every hotel in town is fully booked.
Every hotel in town was full.
Every hour of sleep before midnight is worth two after midnight.
Every house had a garden.
Every house here has a washbowl.
Every house in our neighborhood is practically identical.
Every house in the town was empty.
Every house of devotion should become a school of science.
Every house on our street was blue except ours.
Every house on this street has been sold.
Every house should have at least one carbon monoxide detector.
Every household has their own thing.
Every human being is fallible.
Every human being is unique.
Every human being on this planet will face the moment of truth when death is standing on each one of us.
Every human envies the human admired by every Vulcan.
Every human needs to eat and drink.
Every hunter wants to know where the pheasant is.
Every idea seems so vivid and clear.
Every ideology is basically like a religion. Every religion is also an ideology.
Every idiot who goes about with 'Merry Christmas,' on his lips, should be boiled with his own pudding, and buried with a stake of holly through his heart.
Every imaginable means.
Every inch of the underground railroad was laid by hand.
Every individual has a unique story to tell.
Every individual has something to contribute to the common stock of reasonable thought and opinion.
Every individual has to understand what is right for himself.
Every informed person needs to know about Bitcoin because it might be one of the world’s most important developments.
Every innovation is a mistake.
Every insult from Joel is just a hidden compliment.
Every insult was put on him.
Every insult was thrown at him.
Every intellectual product must be judged from the point of view of the age and the people in which it was produced.
Every job should have a living wage.
Every joint in Tom's body was sore from hiking.
Every joke has a seed of truth.
Every journey begins with a single step.
Every journey begins with a step.
Every kid can do that.
Every kid in the room was crying.
Every knot will eventually unravel.
Every language continues to change as long as it is spoken.
Every language evolves.
Every language has its own design.
Every language has its own peculiarities.
Every language has its particularities.
Every language has its strengths and unique qualities that are significant to its speakers and their cultural context.
Every language is beautiful, depending on what you say or write in it.
Every language is equally precious and dear to its speakers.
Every language is equally precious and valuable to its speakers.
Every language is first and foremost a spoken language, but what would you say about Esperanto?
Every language is more beautiful when it is used to say or write something about chess.
Every language sees the world differently.
Every language sees the world in a different way.
Every language that dies out takes a piece of human history with it.
Every language, like every living thing, is inherently valuable and worthy of protection and support.
Every large volume has problems with the binding.
Every law has its exception.
Every letter Yanni wrote was answered.
Every letter has a smiling clown on it.
Every liberal movement for the equality of marginalized people internalizes the rhetoric that the people in power have used against them.
Every liberation bears within itself the danger of a new kind of servitude.
Every life has to end one way or another.
Every life is a string of defeats.
Every life is priceless.
Every life is worth saving.
Every little bit counts.
Every little bit has helped.
Every little bit helps.
Every little boy needs a hero.
Every little difference may become a big one if it is insisted on.
Every little drop and dribble of news about him — and they have been mere drops and dribbles since he retired — has made headlines.
Every little house has its own little cross.
Every little thing seems to annoy Tom.
Every little thing you say gets on my nerves.
Every living thing consists of cells.
Every living thing is made up of cells.
Every lock of Mary's hair was in place.
Every loss is difficult.
Every mad prostitute has her day.
Every male Algerian citizen must do military service.
Every male in the city is called Tom, while every female is called Mary.
Every man a king, but no one wears a crown.
Every man and woman in the company is well trained.
Every man can't be an artist.
Every man cannot be a good pianist.
Every man cannot be a hero.
Every man cannot be happy.
Every man can’t be an artist.
Every man desires to live long, but no man wishes to be old.
Every man dies. Not every man really lives.
Every man for himself and God for us all.
Every man for himself.
Every man for his own trade.
Every man has a right to his own property.
Every man has a right to life; and this means that he has also a right to make a comfortable living.
Every man has his faults.
Every man has his humor.
Every man has his own strong points.
Every man has his price.
Every man has his weak points.
Every man has his weak side.
Every man has seen the wall that limits his mind.
Every man in his way.
Every man in the kingdom fell under the spell of her look.
Every man is a king in his own house.
Every man is a potential corpse.
Every man is a suffering-machine and a happiness-machine combined.
Every man is free to do that which he wills, provided he infringes not the equal freedom of any other man.
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do.
Every man is his own worst enemy.
Every man is important in his own eyes.
Every man is master in his own house.
Every man is potentially a corpse.
Every man is the architect of his destiny.
Every man is worth just so much as the things are worth about which he busies himself.
Every man makes mistakes, but only fools persevere in error.
Every man must die.
Every man must eat and drink.
Every man must find his own answer, or must acknowledge sorrowfully that he can find none.
Every man or woman for themselves!
Every man ought to chasten his own body in some measure.
Every man seeks for truth; but God only knows who has found it.
Every man shall kiss his lips that giveth a right answer.
Every man should learn how to cook.
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
Every man to his taste.
Every man to his trade.
Every man was looking out for his own safety as best he could.
Every man who observes vigilantly and resolves steadfastly grows unconsciously into a genius.
Every man who saw it would get hot to be a warrior.
Every man would like to be God, if it were possible; some few find it difficult to admit the impossibility.
Every man's destiny is in his own hands.
Every man's reason is, and must be, his guide; and I may as well expect that every man should be of my size and complexion, as that he should reason just as I do.
Every man's work, whether it be literature or music or a picture or architecture or anything else, is always a portrait of himself.
Every man, woman, and child in Algiers heard the bang.
Every maniac likes his hat.
Every man’s work, whether it be literature or music or a picture or architecture or anything else, is always a portrait of himself.
Every march is composed of discrete steps.
Every march is composed of just a few steps.
Every march is composed of separate steps.
Every marquis wants to have pageboys.
Every master has his own method.
Every master has his own trick.
Every masterpiece has its cheap copy.
Every means has failed.
Every means has not been tried.
Every member but me believes what Tom says.
Every member but me believes what he says.
Every member must attend.
Every member of our crew can speak French.
Every member of the cabinet was present.
Every member of the club was present.
Every member of the family has their own car.
Every mention of Tatoeba is a reminder to Tom about how his life will never be truly complete.
Every merchant aspires to join the bourgeoisie.
Every merchant praises their goods.
Every miller draws water to his own mill.
Every minute I spend thinking about some insignificant controversy is a minute I'm not learning something useful.
Every minute counted.
Every minute counts.
Every minute is a gift.
Every minute is precious.
Every minute of delay costs lives.
Every minute seemed to last a lifetime.
Every minute seemed to last an eternity.
Every minute seems an hour while I live in this state of horrible suspense.
Every minute with you is a gift.
Every mistake has an effect.
Every mistake made me stronger.
Every molecule of water is composed of two hydrogen atoms attached to an oxygen atom.
Every moment is a journey.
Every moment is unique, unknown, completely fresh.
Every moment matters.
Every moment of hesitation breeds uncertainty.
Every moment of our lives is irreplaceable.
Every moment spent with you is a cherished memory.
Every moment spent with you is a treasure, and I cherish it deeply. I can't bear the thought of a future where you're not there.
Every moment spent with you transforms my day into something special.
Every moment spent with you was pure bliss.
Every moment the witch threw new ingredients into the pot, and when it boiled the bubbling was like the sound of crocodiles weeping.
Every monster starts off as someone's baby.
Every month I get paid 300,000 yen.
Every month at our company, they run a community activity.
Every month when I receive my salary, I give 5000 Japanese Yen to my mother.
Every month, I buy a book.
Every month, I treat myself to some delicious ice cream.
Every month, I write letters to my friends overseas.
Every month, John got a huge party.
Every month, he saved ten thousand yen out of his income for his daughter.
Every month, he sends money to Algeria.
Every month, there were two cases of murder.
Every month, tonnes of rubbish end up in landfill.
Every morning I ask myself why.
Every morning I buy a newspaper at a newsstand.
Every morning I buy a newspaper at the newsstand.
Every morning I buy a newspaper from the newsagent's.
Every morning I drink coffee with milk.
Every morning I eat a bowl of oatmeal.
Every morning I get out of bed and go to work.
Every morning I get out of bed, go into the bathroom, wash myself and brush my teeth.
Every morning I go to the cafe to buy coffee.
Every morning I make coffee and savor its aroma.
Every morning I make it a rule to watch the English course on TV.
Every morning I make sure I have my wallet, keys, and cellphone before leaving the house.
Every morning I read about the weather in the newspaper.
Every morning I set my watch by the station clock.
Every morning I wake up unable to make a decision.
Every morning Tom goes for a walk with his dog.
Every morning Tom went along the beach and looked for shellfish he didn't know.
Every morning an old 747 full of EU sperm donations takes off from London and lands in Toronto. This is information on a need-to-know basis.
Every morning for breakfast, I have a soft-boiled egg.
Every morning he leaves to take a walk.
Every morning he would go for a walk.
Every morning in Algiers, millions of commuters flow into the city center.
Every morning she gets up early because she has to cook.
Every morning she goes out into the garden and says hello to her roses. Tom laughs at Mary, but she knows very well that her roses are glad to hear her.
Every morning she helps her mother to prepare breakfast in the kitchen.
Every morning she reads the newspaper.
Every morning she went to her office to wait for phone calls or open the door to clients needing her services.
Every morning that woman used to go to the beach and run three miles.
Every morning the villagers awake at dawn and wash their sex toys in the stream.
Every morning they meet at the fountain.
Every morning they wake up at 6 am.
Every morning we take the dog for a walk in the park.
Every morning we would wake up to her shrill voice screaming commands.
Every morning, Elias sat by the river.
Every morning, I appreciate you more than yesterday.
Every morning, I eat honey for breakfast.
Every morning, I get up at six o'clock.
Every morning, I go shopping.
Every morning, I wake up before dawn.
Every morning, I wake up next to her.
Every morning, Matthew fills the birdhouse with fresh seeds and water.
Every morning, as the sun rises, Mustafa gathers his goats and leads them out to the vast fields.
Every morning, autumn mists shroud the mountains.
Every morning, he takes a long walk through the park to clear his mind.
Every morning, it takes her two hours to get to work.
Every morning, she helps her mother make breakfast in the kitchen.
Every morning, the corridor was swept clean.
Every morning, the fishermen head out to sea, guided by the hope of a good catch.
Every morning, the neighbour's rooster woke us.
Every morning, the rooster crows.
Every morning, thousands of Algiers residents catch the subway on their way to work.
Every morning, thousands of workers flock in to Algiers.
Every morning, when the sun wakes up, Ivan gathers his goats and heads out to the big fields.
Every morning, while he is eating his breakfast, his dog looks at him.
Every mosque should be like that.
Every mosquito species makes a slightly different buzz.
Every mother has affection for her child.
Every mother's dream is for her son to be a doctor or a lawyer.
Every movement is painful.
Every movie preview now starts with an explosion -- sort of like how Mary slams down the toilet seat because Tom always leaves it up.
Every muscle in my body aches.
Every mystery has been solved.
Every nation gets the government it deserves.
Every nation has its own language.
Every nation has its own myths.
Every nation has its own traditions.
Every nation has its peculiar character.
Every nation longs for world peace.
Every nation mocks at other nations, and all are right.
Every nation seeks to perpetuate itself.
Every nation should help each other.
Every nation, rich or poor, has its strengths and weaknesses.
Every neighborhood is different.
Every nerve in Yanni was on end.
Every new day could be your last.
Every new day is a gift.
Every new day you feel good.
Every new employee has the chance to join a flexible pay-as-you-go pension plan.
Every new idea is thwarted by two categories of adversaries, the ill-intentioned enemies and the unwise friends.
Every new language is like a game.
Every newspaper featured him on the main page.
Every newspaper talked about Fyodor.
Every night I am thirsty.
Every night I dream of you.
Every night I go to bed at ten.
Every night I have a headache.
Every night I see the light over there.
Every night I spend away from you, is one where I stay up all night, missing you until morning.
Every night I stay up later and later.
Every night Tom reads Kabyle stories to his children.
Every night across Istanbul, like in other Turkish towns and cities, people cheer and whistle from their balconies or windows in support of the country's medical workers.
Every night before I go to bed, I look out of my window and wonder if the dryad is really sitting here, combing her locks with the spring for a mirror. Sometimes I look for her footprints in the dew in the morning.
Every night before bedtime, Tom would tell his young daughter Mary an exciting story.
Every night before going to sleep, Mary reads a couple of pages of a crime novel by the light of her bedside lamp.
Every night she takes sleeping pills.
Every night they stay up until 1 a.m.
Every night we see the light over there.
Every night when you say a prayer, say a prayer for daddy.
Every night, I close my eyes and imagine the ecstasy of our bodies entangled in desire.
Every night, I'll make your favorite food.
Every night, Ziri brought a new girl home.
Every night, for half a year, have I dreamed, dear lady, that I should one day find you in this wood.
Every night, she stays up until her husband returns home.
Every night, the Inner Harbor in Baltimore, Maryland glistens with an array of lights from the waterside restaurants and shops, creating lovely water reflections.
Every night, we all gaze up at the magnificent starry sky above us thinking about the vastness and the expanse of space... it really is quite a bit to take in.
Every night, when all was quiet, he would sneak into his neighbour's garden to nick an apple.
Every night, when all was quiet, he would steal into his neighbour's garden to scrump an apple.
Every non-trivial program has at least one bug.
Every noun in Portuguese is either masculine or feminine.
Every now and then I like to have hot and spicy food.
Every now and then I need some alone time.
Every now and then I take along a co-worker who is on the same path as me.
Every now and then he drops in at this bookstore on his way home from the office.
Every now and then he gets into a fight with someone.
Every now and then she called home during the party last night.
Every now and then she starts crying without explaining her reasons.
Every now and then they clash over their differences.
Every now and then they went shopping together.
Every now and then we do that.
Every now and then we visit the zoo.
Every now and then you have to have a little fun.
Every now and then, I play tennis for recreation.
Every now and then, the wind chimes tinkle a melody.
Every now and then, we eat out.
Every nuance is lost in translation.
Every nunnery has its own rules.
Every object tells a story.
Every observation is an interpretation.
Every obstacle makes you stronger.
Every of us has his own unique identity.
Every officer who fails in this respect, is to be punished and cashiered.
Every old donkey has a birthday.
Every once in a while I go with them.
Every once in a while I play soccer with my brother.
Every once in a while I read about a priceless antique that someone found in their attic.
Every once in a while I study Esperanto.
Every once in a while, I take my boyfriend a lunch while he's at work.
Every once in a while, I taste dish soap on my food.
Every once in a while, I would feel a lot like having something tasty.
Every once in a while, a carriage passed by me.
Every once in a while, you get lucky.
Every one answered according as they had heard. Some said that it was an old haunted castle, others that all the witches of the country held their midnight revels there, but the common opinion was that it was an ogre's dwelling, and that he carried to it all the little children he could catch, so as to eat them up at his leisure, without any one being able to follow him, for he alone had the power to make his way through the wood.
Every one in a while, Yanni visits Skura at her old house.
Every one knew that this also was the work of the fairy in order that while the Princess slept she should have nothing to fear from curious people.
Every one of Tom Jackson's songs became a hit.
Every one of her songs was a hit.
Every one of his songs was a hit.
Every one of them has a bicycle.
Every one of them went to see that movie.
Every one of us has a unique inside world.
Every one of us is more or less interested in art.
Every one of us is unique.
Every one of us were given three hundred dollars.
Every one of us who ridiculed his business plan as a bunch of hokum should be embarrassed we did.
Every one opposed it, but Mary and John got married all the same.
Every one wants to live free from care.
Every one's a potential enemy.
Every opinion I'm about to express here has been thought out very carefully.
Every opinion is a mixture of truth and error.
Every opinion is a mixture of truth and mistakes.
Every opportunity is used, and you should do English practice.
Every other creature is working for the wellbeing of Mother Earth. Only we humans need to transform.
Every other day Bill goes fishing.
Every other day I go with a friend; we lift weights whilst chatting together.
Every other day he goes fishing.
Every other little girl in the class had puffed sleeves. Anne felt that life was really not worth living without puffed sleeves.
Every other week, Tom's company gives him a second day off work.
Every other word in Yanni's mouth is Islam.
Every page of this book is an extraordinary chess lesson.
Every parent probably has that moment where they want to just stop being one, no matter how much they love their kid.
Every part of a dandelion is edible.
Every part of me feels empty and incomplete when you're not around.
Every part of my body was shaking.
Every part of science, whether connected with the geometry of the universe, with the systems of animal and vegetable life, or with the properties of inanimate matter, is a text as well for devotion as for philosophy.
Every part of the camel is used.
Every part of the island has been explored.
Every parting gives a foretaste of death, every reunion a hint of the resurrection.
Every party has its own members.
Every party has some members of its own.
Every party has some members.
Every passenger is searched twice before boarding.
Every passing day is another step towards the final sleep.
Every passing second felt like an hour.
Every penny Dania makes goes right into Fadil's pocket.
Every penny Tom makes goes to buying food.
Every penny counts.
Every people has its own way of thinking. All peoples have the same way of not thinking.
Every perfect man in literature has always been created by the pen of a woman.
Every person can do something good.
Every person counts.
Every person has a psychological need to feel that what he does is of some importance.
Every person has a right to defend themselves.
Every person has gone through something difficult.
Every person has just as much vanity as they lack in reason and judgment.
Every person has the power to abuse their privileges.
Every person has the same right to think, but only a minority takes advantage of it.
Every person in Port Alberni seems to be in a turkey-induced coma.
Every person in this community is like a cell in the immune system of a healthy human body.
Every person is a book.
Every person is a moon, and has a dark side that they never show.
Every person is a unique story worth hearing.
Every person is an artist.
Every person is an individual.
Every person is different.
Every person is expected to bring their own lunch.
Every person is special.
Every person is unique, as their use of language reflects.
Every person is unique.
Every person makes mistakes. Try to learn from them.
Every person must die.
Every person should be able to speak their mother tongue.
Every person should strive so that with their life, the world becomes a little bit better.
Every person takes a turn and deals the cards.
Every person to his taste.
Every person who has plotted against me will feel the force of my wrath.
Every person who is alone is alone because they are afraid of others.
Every person will be admitted regardless of his or her age.
Every pharaoh has a Moses.
Every photo on the table was of Daniel.
Every piano is different.
Every picture tells a story.
Every piece of knowledge must have a single, unambiguous, authoritative representation within a system.
Every piece of reading matter calls for a different kind of reading.
Every place I have worked and that's Asia, Africa, Europe, America, South America, mastitis is typically the number-one problem of dairy farmers.
Every place has a story to tell.
Every planet except Earth is named after a Roman god or goddess.
Every planet, except for Earth, was named for an ancient Roman god or goddess.
Every plant needs water and light.
Every player did his best.
Every player is under obligation to keep the rules.
Every playground has its bully.
Every poem can be considered in two ways – as what the poet has to say, and as a thing which he makes.
Every point in space is the centre of the universe.
Every political good carried to the extreme must be productive of evil.
Every politician knows who sabotaged Nord Stream 2.
Every politician must be responsive to complaints from the public, or he or she will become inflexible and make disastrous decisions.
Every portrait that is painted with feeling is a portrait of the artist, not of the sitter.
Every positive integer has exactly one successor.
Every possible permutation of our world exists in a separate universe.
Every power is weak unless it is united.
Every precaution has been taken.
Every precaution is being taken.
Every preposition has a definite, fixed meaning, but if we have to use some kind of preposition and the sense doesn't tell us what kind of preposition we should use, then we use the preposition "je", which has no specific meaning.
Every priest who serves liturgy is required to receive communion.
Every privilege carries responsibility with it.
Every problem can be solved.
Every problem has a solution, right?
Every problem has a solution.
Every programming language has its pros and cons.
Every promise you broke added to my pain.
Every proposal interests us.
Every protein is a polymer composed of units called amino acids.
Every pupil at this school must learn another foreign language besides English.
Every pupil expressed their opinion.
Every pupil has access to the library.
Every pupil in the class is present.
Every pupil is supposed to know the school regulations.
Every pupil must hand in an essay each week.
Every pupil was asked one question.
Every quarter I get a bonus.
Every question has an answer.
Every question we answer here seems to bring up two more.
Every rare thing is expensive, besides a cheap horse is rare, therefore a cheap horse is expensive.
Every recycled aluminium can saves enough energy to power a TV for three hours.
Every regime has his own soldiers.
Every region has its own specifics.
Every relationship benefits from respect.
Every relationship has its ups and downs.
Every relationship needs respect to thrive.
Every religion is both right and wrong.
Every religion prohibits murder.
Every religion, like every person, has brought good and bad things into the world.
Every reporter sent his stories with the least possible delay.
Every right comes with a duty.
Every right is limited by everyone else's rights.
Every right-wing accusation is a confession.
Every risk is a choice; every choice is a risk.
Every river has a source.
Every river has its source.
Every road leads to the end of the world.
Every rook within a mile flew from its eyrie and cawed strenuously.
Every room has a bed.
Every room in my house has two or more windows.
Every room was searched thoroughly.
Every rose has its thorn.
Every rose has its thorns.
Every rule has exceptions.
Every rule has its exceptions.
Every rumour contains a grain of truth.
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
Every salesman sings the praises of his wares.
Every sane man is accountable to his conscience for his behavior.
Every savage can dance.
Every school does this.
Every school has a schoolyard bully.
Every school in the area has security cameras.
Every school kid has bunked off at some point.
Every school kid has played hooky at one time or another.
Every school kid has skived at some time or other.
Every school pupil has played truant at some time or another.
Every scientific article needs to pass peer review before it is published in a scientific journal.
Every scientist involved in the search for life is convinced it's out there. Their opinions differ on when we'll find it.
Every season is different.
Every seat in this tube is taken.
Every seat was filthy, so I stood the whole way.
Every seat was full.
Every seat was so filthy, I stood the whole way.
Every second counted.
Every second counts.
Every second house has a car.
Every second of your life, you are under attack.
Every second was important.
Every second, the Sun converts 4 million tons of its material into heat and light through the process of nuclear fusion.
Every sense was telling me to run.
Every sentence I utter must be understood not as an affirmation, but as a question.
Every sentence he spoke ended in an incredibly annoying upward inflection.
Every sentence in that book is important.
Every sentence in this book is important.
Every sentence is unique.
Every sentence on Tatoeba is about Tom and Mary going to Boston.
Every sentence present in Tatoeba is a lie, especially this one.
Every sentence present in Tatoeba is a lie.
Every sentence that starts with "I'm not racist, but" is likely to be very racist indeed.
Every sentence that starts with "I’m not racist, but" is likely to be very racist indeed.
Every sentient creature deserves compassion.
Every separation is a taste of death.
Every serial killer was somebody's baby once.
Every seven years we let the land lie fallow.
Every ship needs a captain.
Every ship needs an anchor.
Every shuffle of a card deck is unique in history of the universe.
Every since Bouteflika came to power in 1999, corruption has been multiplied.
Every since Donald could remember, his dad made him and his sister Jessica compete for everything.
Every since I can remember, I've always had troubles with my family.
Every since he was a child, he has been very afraid of thunder.
Every single Kabyle village has a mosque.
Every single Muslim should know that.
Every single chromosome in your body cries out that you're a man.
Every single citrus tree entering the country is inspected for signs of canker lesions on its leaves and stems.
Every single day, 200-mile-per-hour winds whip around Jupiter.
Every single giraffe has a unique pattern. Their spots are like our fingerprints.
Every single girl on the planet likes a guy who makes her truly feel like a girl.
Every single guy had a mad crush on that teacher.
Every single inch of Kabylie is part of Algeria.
Every single night, Felix heard strange sounds.
Every single night, Santiago would have a nightmare.
Every single one of them was staring at Ziri.
Every single person in the Torah is flawed.
Every single person who comes here says that.
Every single person who comes up here says that.
Every single second counts.
Every single sentence in the article is factually incorrect.
Every single thing I tried to do didn't work.
Every single thing Yanni had practiced in karate was gone.
Every single thing that you eat affects your body.
Every single tragedy in Tom's life, every single last one, from the earliest calamity right down to the most recent misfortune, was entirely self-inflicted.
Every single village in Kabylie has a mosque.
Every single village in Kabylie has its own mosque.
Every single vote should count.
Every single woman on earth is naturally attracted to masculine men.
Every single word matters.
Every single word you say is a lie.
Every situation is an opportunity given to you by the universe. If you know how to make the most out of that situation, do it. It will be a wealth that lasts you a lifetime. If you missed out, gave up, or didn't even attempt to take advantage of the opportunity, the universe will set this chance aside for the next person, in a different time and place. But what's most important is that you lost precious time. Understand what you did wrong, and control the present. Then with proper restraint, if you can dance, dance. If you can sing, sing. If you can be wild, be wild. If you can be lively, be lively.
Every situation is different.
Every situation requires individual analysis.
Every sixty seconds in Africa, a minute passes.
Every sixty seconds in Africa, a minute passes. Together, we can stop this. Please spread the word. Thank you for your attention.
Every snowflake is unique.
Every so often they go to see a film together.
Every so often they go to the cinema together.
Every society has both progressive and reactionary principles.
Every solution brings new problems.
Every song on this album is based on a real-life incident.
Every spectator buys a ticket.
Every spider is a versatile genius: It plans its web like an architect and then carries out this plan like the proficient weaver it is. It is also a chemist who can synthesize silk employing a computer-controlled manufacturing process, and then use the silk for spinning.
Every spirit makes its house, and we can give a shrewd guess from the house to the inhabitant.
Every spring I am anxious to get out in the garden again.
Every spring I'm anxious to get out in the garden again.
Every spring brings its lot.
Every spring has its own spring!
Every spring the river floods here.
Every spring, the winter ice melts into the rivers, streams and lakes.
Every spring, the winter ice melts into the streams and rivers and lakes.
Every square is a rectangle.
Every star is a sphere.
Every star is spherical.
Every state along the way has its memorable places — an unbelievable view here, a lean-to shelter there, a small town where people take in hikers and cheer them on. Some who attempt the grueling hike imagine long stretches of solitude, but they rarely find them. That's because chatty day hikers pop onto the trail all along the way.
Every state grows some pumpkins, but between 2016 and 2018, the highest-producing states were Illinois, Pennsylvania, Indiana, Texas and California.
Every state has a government.
Every statement is false, even this one!
Every step in his journey made him farther from home but brought him closer to the unknown.
Every step in the experiment was deliberate.
Every step she took was, as the witch had warned her beforehand, as if she were treading on sharp knives and spikes, but she bore it gladly.
Every step towards organization raises a crop of vices peculiar to itself, fresh developments of the egotism and greed and vanity of those into whose hands there falls control, fresh instances of that hostile pedantry which seems so natural to officials and managers, insurgencies and obstinacies and suspicions on the part of everyone.
Every step was difficult for her.
Every step was difficult for him.
Every step we take will require effort; it won't be easy for us.
Every step you take leaves a trace.
Every step you take toward happiness will be blocked by me.
Every stolen glance and secret encounter only fuels the fire of this illicit passion.
Every student deserves personalized lessons.
Every student has access to the library.
Every student has free access to the library.
Every student has to leave school by six.
Every student in the class knows that fact.
Every student in the class knows the fact.
Every student is allowed to visit the library.
Every student is supposed to know the school regulations.
Every student knows the school song.
Every student must learn a poem and recite it in front of the class.
Every student needs to master "3M" when they graduated from primary school.
Every student of biology, anatomy, anthropology, ethnology or psychology is familiar with these facts.
Every student passed the driving test.
Every student should thank their teacher.
Every student trusts Mr Akai because he never breaks his word.
Every student was asked his or her name and birthplace.
Every student was asked one question.
Every student who has graduated from our university has studied English with a native speaker for at least two years.
Every stupid human thinks progress is clearing the land when it is actually denuding the land and destroying an ecosystem.
Every subgroup of an abelian group is abelian.
Every success in your new job.
Every successful harvest in the village was a victory against the fear of scarcity and eternal hunger.
Every successful repetition spoke favorably for the quality of the first test.
Every successful writer has a drawer full of rejection letters.
Every suicide potentially robs the world of a future Einstein or Hemingway.
Every summer I go to the countryside.
Every summer, thousands of South Koreans, Chinese and Japanese tourists flock to Jeju Island for its beautiful beaches and natural beauty.
Every summer, we go camping.
Every sunday, I drive to my local Buddhist temple. I drive really fast, with loud music on.
Every sunrise feels like a warm hug from above.
Every sunrise gifts us the chance to create our own story, filled with boundless potential.
Every superfluous garment was thrown aside, and the sun beamed forth as if desirous of gazing at the charms which were exposed to his rays.
Every system is more than itself.
Every system tends to go from order to disorder.
Every teacher does their best.
Every teacher knows that Ann is a good athlete.
Every team was defeated without exception.
Every team, without exception, was defeated.
Every ten or so feet, he would look back.
Every tent was filled.
Every theatre has a cloakroom.
Every thing has its beauty, but not everyone can see it.
Every thing that heard him play, even the billows of the sea, hung their heads, and then lay by.
Every third man over 40 faces erectile problems that damage the harmony of his relationship.
Every third sheep is sick.
Every thirty years a star explodes in our Galaxy and becomes a supernova.
Every three months, I get a bonus.
Every tide has its ebb.
Every time Anna wears her Rima dress, she feels a surge of pride and appreciation for her ancestral traditions.
Every time Dmitri hears the Soviet anthem, tears start welling in his eyes.
Every time Elias was mentioned, Sandra became sad and angry.
Every time I attempt to teach myself C++, I get stuck on pointers.
Every time I buy fruits I have no clue whether they will be tasty, so my heart thumps with anticipation.
Every time I call on you, you are out.
Every time I call on you, you're out.
Every time I call on you, you’re out.
Every time I come here, I learn something new.
Every time I come here, I'm getting insults thrown at me.
Every time I come to this restaurant, I eat the same thing.
Every time I come to this restaurant, I order the same thing.
Every time I drive by your house, I recall our time together.
Every time I drop in to visit, they constantly get in my hair.
Every time I fall in love, Dad tells me the girl is my half sister.
Every time I get back from my evening walk, I see Tom sleeping in front of the TV.
Every time I get really tired, I inevitably have a senior moment.
Every time I get through this I get stronger, and the trauma moves further and further away.
Every time I get through this I get stronger.
Every time I go out with you something unpleasant happens to me; don't you jinx it?
Every time I go out, I forget something. Always!
Every time I go there, I meet her.
Every time I go to Algiers, I visit him.
Every time I go to Kabylie, I'd give a thousand dinars to our village mosque.
Every time I go to Paris, I visit the Sacred Heart Basilica, sit on the steps, and listen to the people below singing and playing musical instruments.
Every time I go to a Japanese restaurant, I bring the chopsticks home.
Every time I go to a Japanese restaurant, I take the chopsticks home with me.
Every time I go to his house, he is out.
Every time I go to school I'm really happy.
Every time I go to see him, he is in bed.
Every time I hear a horseback rider talk about the love they have for their horse, I say to myself, "But why do you ride it?" It's truly incomprehensible!
Every time I hear that song, I think of my childhood.
Every time I hear that song, I think of my high school days.
Every time I hear this song, I think of her smile.
Every time I hear this song, I think of his name.
Every time I hear this song, I think of your smile.
Every time I join a new game of Warcraft, I am pitted against a new team of adversaries.
Every time I leave, I'm of full the regret that I haven't fully said goodbye.
Every time I listen to this song, I cry.
Every time I listen to this song, I think of you.
Every time I look at him, he smiles.
Every time I look at him, my heart plummets and memories that I never lived shoot through my mind.
Every time I look at this picture, I think of my father.
Every time I looked at him, he was yawning.
Every time I make a mistake, I learn something. The challenge is not to keep making the same mistakes over and over.
Every time I make small talk, I feel the cold hand of death on my shoulder, and the inherently depressing and painful existence that humankind is so mercilessly subjected to.
Every time I meet him, I feel so happy.
Every time I meet him, I swear at him.
Every time I meet him, I think of my father.
Every time I misbehaved, I feared the belt.
Every time I need help, an angel is there to help.
Every time I open my eyes, I can see.
Every time I opened my mouth, it felt like an invitation to gag.
Every time I pick up a pen, ideas come to me.
Every time I practice shooting, I miss the target.
Every time I read the Bible, I am deeply moved.
Every time I read this book, I discover something new.
Every time I read this book, I find something new.
Every time I read this novel, I find it very interesting.
Every time I saw him, I found him to be taller.
Every time I saw him, I was overcome with his brilliance.
Every time I see Mary, she's chewing gum.
Every time I see Mary, she's eating something.
Every time I see Mary, she's wearing sunglasses.
Every time I see Tom and Mary, they're eating something.
Every time I see Tom and Mary, they're wearing sunglasses.
Every time I see Tom's picture, I remember how much fun it was to hang out with him.
Every time I see Tom, he asks me to lend him money.
Every time I see Tom, he seems to be playing a game.
Every time I see Tom, he's chewing gum.
Every time I see Tom, he's eating something.
Every time I see Tom, he's reading a comic book.
Every time I see Tom, he's smiling.
Every time I see Tom, he's talking on his phone.
Every time I see Tom, he's wearing sunglasses.
Every time I see a person enter Islam, I cry.
Every time I see an Omni-Man meme, I mistake him for Fuhrer King Bradley from Full Metal Alchemist.
Every time I see an atheist convert to Islam, I cry.
Every time I see her, my heart jumps out of my chest.
Every time I see him, he is smiling.
Every time I see him, he reminds me of Sean Connery.
Every time I see him, my stomach turns.
Every time I see it, I remember him.
Every time I see someone using a leaf blower, I feel like yanking it from his hands and breaking it into a thousand pieces.
Every time I see that picture of my late mother, I feel a lump in my throat.
Every time I see this photo, I think of my father.
Every time I see this picture, I remember my father.
Every time I see this play, I always cry.
Every time I see those pictures, I'm appalled.
Every time I see you, I can't help thinking about your mother.
Every time I see you, I cannot help but be reminded of your mother.
Every time I see you, I think of your father.
Every time I see you, I think of your mother.
Every time I start learning a new language, the enchantment wears off quickly and I abandon the effort within weeks.
Every time I started to read, Tom started talking to me.
Every time I talked to Tom I felt ashamed of my own ignorance.
Every time I tell the boss the company's situation, there's a tirade.
Every time I think about it I get choked up.
Every time I think about what happened to Tom, I feel sad and start crying.
Every time I think of Tom, I get a lump in my throat.
Every time I think of asking her out, I clam up.
Every time I think of you, I feel happy.
Every time I travel to Paris, I go to Sacre-Coeur and sit on the steps to listen to people sing.
Every time I try to answer a simple question in front of an audience, I get nervous and draw a blank.
Every time I try to pick up sushi with chopsticks, I drop them as always.
Every time I try to talk to her about it, she will fly into a temper and walk away.
Every time I use my microwave oven, my Wi-Fi stops working. It's extremely irritating.
Every time I visited her place, she introduced me to a new artist.
Every time I want a vaccine, I have to let a doctor needle me.
Every time I want to tag him, I have to copy-and-paste his name because I can't type it from memory.
Every time I watch a horror movie, I gnaw at my fingernails during the most tense scenes.
Every time I went to his house, he was not at home.
Every time I went to his place, he was studying.
Every time I went to see her, she went out.
Every time I went to see him, I found him at work.
Every time I win less.
Every time I would raise my hand, the teacher would never choose me.
Every time I'm taking a good massive dump, someone calls me.
Every time Mary finished speaking, the turkey chimed in with some gobbles.
Every time Mary smiles at him, Tom feels happy.
Every time Skura catches Yanni staring, he quickly looks away.
Every time Tom and Mary met, they were happy.
Every time Tom and Mary were about to kiss, somebody came into the room.
Every time Tom and Mary were about to kiss, someone came into the room.
Every time Tom and Mary were about to kiss, someone came suddenly into the room.
Every time Tom called Mary, he got a busy signal.
Every time Tom comes to Australia, he always visits me.
Every time Tom comes to Australia, he never fails to visit me.
Every time Tom comes to Boston, he always visits me.
Every time Tom comes to Boston, he never fails to visit me.
Every time Tom didn't know what to do, he consulted Mary.
Every time Tom looked at Mary's picture, he started crying.
Every time Tom phoned Mary, her number was engaged.
Every time Tom phoned Mary, the number was engaged.
Every time Tom rang Mary, it was engaged.
Every time Tom sees Mary, he smiles.
Every time Tom shows up, it rains.
Every time Tom visits Australia, he drops by for a visit.
Every time Tom visits Boston, he drops by for a visit.
Every time Tom walks by Human Resources, the women swoon.
Every time Tom was happy, he sang in the shower. Then one day, he happened to shower but didn't sing.
Every time Tom's parents would argue, Tom would cry.
Every time Uncle George visited our house, he always brought us a gift.
Every time Yanni smiles, Skura smiles.
Every time Ziri got the slightest injury, his mom freaked out.
Every time Ziri smokes weed, he gets paranoid.
Every time a big truck passes, my house shakes a little.
Every time a failure like that occurs in another department, I'm tempted to call them idiots, but then people like you come along to demonstrate what true idiocy looks like.
Every time a failure like that occurs in another department, I’m tempted to call them idiots, but then people like you come along to demonstrate what true idiocy looks like.
Every time a fish slice was the main dish, Tulugaq watered at the mouth at the prospect of eating it.
Every time a man is begotten and born, the clock of human life is wound up anew to repeat once more its same old tune that has already been played innumerable times, movement by movement and measure by measure, with insignificant variations.
Every time a species dies out, we lose forever a part of our natural world.
Every time an artist dies, part of the vision of mankind passes with him.
Every time cattle belch - and, to a smaller extent, flatulate - methane is expelled and enters the atmosphere, where it acts as a greenhouse gas.
Every time cigarettes go up in price, many people try to give up smoking.
Every time he arrives, it's chaos!
Every time he ate, he left little specks of couscous in his plate.
Every time he comes here, he orders the same dish.
Every time he comes up to Tokyo, he never fails to call me up.
Every time he goes out, he drops in at the bookstore.
Every time he goes to Algiers, he makes time and goes to see his mother.
Every time he meets me, he brags about his car.
Every time he moved, his whole arm ached because of a wound.
Every time he opened his mouth she looked at him sternly, as if to say, 'Silence,' so he could only let his eyes speak for him.
Every time he reads this passage of the Quran, he cries.
Every time he reads this passage of the Quran, he starts sobbing.
Every time he remembers his late mother, he cries as a baby.
Every time he throws the ball to the dog, the dog just ignores it.
Every time he witnesses an accident he relives his accident.
Every time it rains, the roof leaks.
Every time my daughter goes out with the motorbike, I am nervous.
Every time she coughed, she felt a great deal of pain.
Every time she eats eggs, she vomits.
Every time she finishes her work, she yells out in joy.
Every time someone gets hurt we call an ambulance.
Every time someone looks at him, Francisco gets nervous and his hands start shaking.
Every time something bad happens, I get blamed.
Every time something bad happens, people turn towards João.
Every time something harder came up, she quickly gave up.
Every time something unusual happens, I get blamed.
Every time summer ends and autumn begins, my rhinitis starts playing up.
Every time that I came to visit her, she had already left.
Every time that I see you, I think of my father.
Every time that Tom comes to Australia, he always visits me.
Every time that Tom comes to Australia, he never fails to visit me.
Every time that Tom visits Australia, he drops by for a visit.
Every time that the teacher travels, he gives us souvenirs.
Every time that you learn a language, you get a new soul.
Every time the bus slows down, Tom wakes up.
Every time the woman teacher passed the school yard, someone gave her the razz.
Every time there are fewer deaths.
Every time there is a march.
Every time they meet, they quarrel.
Every time they talk, they argue.
Every time we approach the goal, we return to the beginning.
Every time we go anywhere, something awful happens.
Every time we go back together and see each other once again, my feelings get going again and my feelings are rekindled again.
Every time we go hiking, he falls behind.
Every time we meet them, they are kind to us.
Every time we meet, my heart is filled with pure joy and gratitude for your presence.
Every time we talk about this, you lapse into silence.
Every time we're together, the intense chemistry between us makes me feel physically excited.
Every time when they talk, they're at each other's throats.
Every time you come near me, everything turns upside down.
Every time you come to look at the paperwork in my office, then you leave it all in a mess.
Every time you come to me at night my heart almost stops, and I'm afraid that I'm just dreaming all this, that it won't be true when I wake up.
Every time you curse, I'm taking a dollar out of your allowance.
Every time you do that it surprises me.
Every time you do that, it surprises me.
Every time you donate you bless someone.
Every time you enter the house, wash your hands.
Every time you go out with him, it seems to rain. So we call him the rain man.
Every time you go through the cycle, you increment the counter by one.
Every time you look in the mirror, you risk seven years of bad luck.
Every time you meet a situation you think at the time it is an impossibility and you go through the tortures of the damned, once you have met it and lived through it, you find that forever after you are freer than you were before.
Every time you read a book, you will be the better for it.
Every time you speak Italian I gain five pounds.
Every time you think of him, tears well in your eyes.
Every time you think of him, your eyes fill with tears.
Every time you think of him, your eyes well up.
Every time you try to separate that kid from his guitar, you fight a losing battle.
Every time, I was disappointed.
Every time, he rushes toward the women.
Every town in America has a library.
Every trans person is viewed as gay by society.
Every trans person on the planet has played the role of a cis person.
Every translation is imprecise, every translation is free.
Every translation is in some ways an interpretation.
Every translation will be translated again.
Every trapezoid consists of two parallel sides.
Every trial is followed by ease.
Every tribe has a few intellectuals. Most people are less intelligent. The Bell Curve governs intelligence distribution in a population.
Every tribe has its minorities of highly intelligent people and very dumb folk, too. Does not intelligence conform to the Bell Curve of natural distribution?
Every trip is an adventure.
Every truth has two sides; it is as well to look at both, before we commit ourselves to either.
Every truth is a road drawn through reality.
Every twig snap or rustle in the woods made Boris jump.
Every two seconds somewhere on Earth a child dies of starvation, while elsewhere there are abundant food resources going to waste.
Every type of socialization requires a lie.
Every unmarried man is a groom for life.
Every vector space has a basis.
Every vertex of a 3D model has a huge amount of data associated with it, influencing the behavior of colors, textures, and lighting.
Every village in Kabylie has a mosque.
Every village, however small, has its annual fair.
Every village, however small, has its annual fete.
Every virtue has its corresponding vice.
Every vote counts in an election.
Every vote counts.
Every wall is a door.
Every wall is an opportunity to guess what's on the other side.
Every wall of his apartment is covered from floor to ceiling with books.
Every war is a defeat of the human spirit.
Every website has a unique address.
Every week I pick up a new book from the library.
Every week I study piano on Monday and Tuesday, and dancing on Wednesday and Friday.
Every week I tell myself I won't use Tatoeba on Shabbos.
Every week I went to the market.
Every week he goes fishing.
Every week we get together and talk about seitan.
Every week, I have to cut the grass.
Every week, my father saves a part of his earnings.
Every weekend, Tom goes to his parents' house.
Every win eventually gives rise to a failure.
Every win fails eventually.
Every winter, my father would go to Tokyo to work.
Every woman asserts she's his choice.
Every woman in the room turned to look at Tom.
Every woman is different.
Every woman needs a Kabyle dress.
Every woman on the planet is attracted to a strong man.
Every woman on the planet likes a strong man.
Every woman on the planet likes an alpha male.
Every woman should at least have one pair of Jimmy Choo in their life time.
Every woman was shocked at the sight.
Every word alters the future; whether for good or bad depends on the word spoken.
Every word counts.
Every word has its own weight.
Every word has its value when he speaks.
Every word has one or two synonyms.
Every word in this dictionary is important.
Every word is a bird we teach to sing.
Every word is a prejudice.
Every word is important.
Every word is read as it's written.
Every word is significant.
Every word matters.
Every word out of Tom's mouth is a lie.
Every word spoken excites its contradiction.
Every word which I tell you is the naked truth.
Every workplace has toxic co-workers.
Every writer writes in the way that accords with his own idiosyncrasies.
Every writer, in order to write clearly, must put himself in his reader's shoes.
Every year I find myself at a different location.
Every year I forget how sucky a cold is.
Every year I go to my grandmother's in Saratov and spend the whole summer there.
Every year I take my family to the capital.
Every year Moscow pays a tribute of 2 billion dollars to the Chechen Republic to keep it part of Russia.
Every year Tom goes to Australia in October.
Every year Tom goes to Boston in October.
Every year astronomers observe comets that come from the distant solar system and travel back out again.
Every year brings stranger weather to many areas of the world.
Every year from April to August, the Refuge closes off the beach to the public so this small, stocky, sandy-colored shorebird can lay its eggs and rear its young in peace.
Every year in December, the Earth passes through the debris of ice and rock from the asteroid, which, upon contacting the earth’s atmosphere, burn up and leave a streak across the sky.
Every year in November, Americans get a day off to give thanks.
Every year is different … some years you catch a lot of lobsters, some years you don't.
Every year is different.
Every year it's the same story.
Every year millions of people die from mosquitoes.
Every year my family visits Italy.
Every year on November 20th, the transgender community observes Transgender Day of Remembrance to memorialize members of the community who have been murdered over the last year.
Every year on Simchat Torah, Jews finish reading the Torah and begin it anew.
Every year seems shorter than the one before.
Every year seems shorter than the previous one.
Every year the U.S. poultry industry produces nearly 2,000 metric tons of feathers. Some are used to make pillows, coats and low-grade animal food. But about 80 per cent goes to waste.
Every year the county fair is held at the fairgrounds; otherwise the place is empty.
Every year thousands of foreigners visit Japan.
Every year we pay 100 euros to this association.
Every year we receive greeting cards painted by mouth.
Every year without fail, lots of foreigners come to Japan.
Every year, Hawaii moves ten centimeters closer to Japan.
Every year, I bring my family to the capital.
Every year, I buy new notebooks for school.
Every year, I go on a trip with my family.
Every year, I receive a birthday present from my mother.
Every year, I try to celebrate Halloween many days, or even weeks, before the actual day.
Every year, Jehovah's Witnesses commemorate only the death of Jesus Christ in Nisan 14 of the Hebrew calendar. They do not observe Christmas, being pagan, or any other religious event, besides Nisan 14.
Every year, Ziri got a little more lonely.
Every year, a festival is held when it is the best time to see the cherry trees.
Every year, a hundred and fifty thousand tourists come to this island to enjoy the impressive scenery and the wonderful beaches.
Every year, around 12 million tons of plastic waste are dumped into the world’s oceans – polluting the water, killing wildlife, and creating microplastics that enter the food chain.
Every year, during the fasting, heated confrontations and arrests take place across the Kabyle country. Where everyone who frees themselves from the religious practice faces repression by the government, which relays the fundamentalists' demands in order to buy their peace.
Every year, hundreds of thousands of people flock to Washington in the spring to see the cherry blossoms bloom. The buds on the trees can survive chilly temperatures but need warm days to burst open with their white or pink flowers. But because of fluctuating spring temperatures, it is not always easy to predict when the trees will bloom.
Every year, many Japanese travel abroad.
Every year, many Japanese travel overseas.
Every year, many older people die in road accidents.
Every year, millions of people die of hunger in Africa.
Every year, millions of tourists come to visit this place.
Every year, some 20,000 young adults come to the U.S. on special visas to work as an au pair, caring for pre-school children in the home.
Every year, spring brings warm weather to our town.
Every year, that dragon captures a person to eat.
Every year, the 27th of June celebrates Mixed-Race Day.
Every year, the 7th of July begins the Star Festival.
Every year, the Earth passes near the path of the comet, and the debris left behind by Swift-Tuttle shows up as meteors in our sky.
Every year, the band performs in different venues around the United States and in Mexico. The ensemble is made up of the center's current and former students. In class, they learn to play instruments, read and write music, and work in a professional recording studio.
Every year, the organisation organises a number of meetings of volunteers who go door-to-door to sell Frisian books.
Every year, the pain got worse.
Every year, the summers get hotter and the winters get colder.
Every year, there are more Algerians moving to the service sector from agriculture.
Every year, they cheat on us.
Every year, they set out pitfall traps: two-liter plastic buckets buried in the soil, with pieces of slightly rotten chicken for bait.
Every year, this is how it goes for us.
Every year, thousands of Algerian pilgrims go to Saudi Arabia to visit Mecca.
Every year, when summer comes, I think about that girl.
Every/each way/path.
Everybody I know can speak French.
Everybody I know has been there.
Everybody I know has done that.
Everybody I know has left Australia.
Everybody I know has left Boston.
Everybody I know has studied French.
Everybody I know thinks Tom and Mary are stuck up.
Everybody I know thinks Tom is stuck up.
Everybody I meet I say hello to him.
Everybody accepted the offer except for Tom.
Everybody admired his courage.
Everybody admires Tom's generosity.
Everybody agreed it was the right decision.
Everybody agreed on that.
Everybody agreed that it was the right decision.
Everybody agreed with Tom.
Everybody agreed with his idea.
Everybody agreed with you, didn't they?
Everybody agrees it was the right decision.
Everybody agrees that it was the right decision.
Everybody agrees with you.
Everybody agrees.
Everybody already knew that.
Everybody always knows when the politicians do something wrong and how they should do it better, but only a tiny fraction of the population is ready to commit themselves to politics.
Everybody always wanted to see it.
Everybody applauded.
Everybody appreciated Tom's generosity.
Everybody around here calls me Tom.
Everybody around here has a dog.
Everybody arrived dressed in their smartest clothes.
Everybody arrived on time.
Everybody asks me that.
Everybody asks that question.
Everybody asks us that.
Everybody asks you that, don't they?
Everybody assumed Tom was Canadian.
Everybody assumed Tom was guilty.
Everybody assumed that Tom and Mary were Canadians.
Everybody assumed that Tom and Mary were guilty.
Everybody assumed that Tom was Canadian.
Everybody assumed that Tom was guilty.
Everybody at school hates me.
Everybody at school knows Tom can't swim.
Everybody at school knows Tom.
Everybody at school knows that Tom can't swim.
Everybody at school knows your name.
Everybody at the funeral was crying.
Everybody at the party was charmed by her elegance.
Everybody at the party was charmed by her grace.
Everybody at the party was charmed with her grace.
Everybody attended the Halloween party.
Everybody beats the fool.
Everybody began boarding the bus.
Everybody believed what Tom said.
Everybody believes dreams can come true.
Everybody believes it.
Everybody believes that dreams can come true.
Everybody blames me for my careless mistake.
Everybody blames you.
Everybody blows it once in a while. It's better not to obsess on it.
Everybody blows it once in a while. It’s better not to obsess on it.
Everybody breaks this law.
Everybody burst into laughter.
Everybody but John arrived.
Everybody but Mary knew that Tom was in love with her.
Everybody but Mary knew that she didn't have to do that.
Everybody but Mary knew that she didn't have to go to Boston.
Everybody but Mary knew that she didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everybody but Mary knew that she didn't need to do that.
Everybody but Mary knew that she didn't need to go to Boston.
Everybody but Mary knew that she didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everybody but Tom and Mary are planning on going camping this weekend.
Everybody but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to do that.
Everybody but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to go to Boston.
Everybody but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everybody but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to do that.
Everybody but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to go to Boston.
Everybody but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everybody but Tom came.
Everybody but Tom had a hat on.
Everybody but Tom has a hat on.
Everybody but Tom has already eaten.
Everybody but Tom is already here.
Everybody but Tom knew Mary was in love with him.
Everybody but Tom knew he didn't have to do that.
Everybody but Tom knew he didn't have to go to Boston.
Everybody but Tom knew he didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everybody but Tom knew he didn't need to do that.
Everybody but Tom knew he didn't need to go to Boston.
Everybody but Tom knew he didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everybody but Tom knew that Mary was in love with him.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't have to do that.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Australia.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Boston.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Australia.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Australia.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Boston.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Australia.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everybody but Tom knows why his wife left him.
Everybody but Tom laughs.
Everybody but Tom seemed happy.
Everybody but Tom seemed to be enjoying the party.
Everybody but Tom smiled.
Everybody but Tom waited.
Everybody but Tom was present.
Everybody but Tom was standing.
Everybody but him laughed.
Everybody but me could do that.
Everybody but me was against that plan.
Everybody but me was in a little group of friends.
Everybody but you laughed.
Everybody called Mary "the Sphinx", because she always spoke in riddles.
Everybody called me Tony in those days.
Everybody calls him Jeff.
Everybody calls him Mac.
Everybody calls him Tom.
Everybody calls him like this.
Everybody calls me Tom.
Everybody calls the small cat Tora.
Everybody calm down.
Everybody calm the fuck down!
Everybody calmed down.
Everybody came to an agreement.
Everybody came to the class on time.
Everybody came to the party, except Tom.
Everybody came to work early today.
Everybody can be a Monday morning quarterback, but we need some real expertise.
Everybody can do it, including Tom.
Everybody can do it.
Everybody can hear him talk.
Everybody can participate.
Everybody can see that he has a crush on her.
Everybody carries a mobile phone nowadays.
Everybody cheered.
Everybody claps.
Everybody comprehended it.
Everybody congratulated Tom.
Everybody could easily see Tom's disappointment.
Everybody could not help laughing at his joke.
Everybody cries sometimes.
Everybody dance!
Everybody danced.
Everybody deals with grief differently.
Everybody demanded happiness.
Everybody described Tom as a saint.
Everybody deserves a chance.
Everybody deserves a second chance.
Everybody deserves affordable health care.
Everybody desires happiness.
Everybody did that but me.
Everybody did that except me.
Everybody did that, except Tom.
Everybody did that.
Everybody did their part.
Everybody didn't go to bed.
Everybody died except for us two.
Everybody died.
Everybody dies eventually.
Everybody dies someday.
Everybody dies sooner or later.
Everybody dies.
Everybody disagreed with me.
Everybody does stupid stuff like that in high school.
Everybody does that but you.
Everybody does that differently.
Everybody does that.
Everybody does this.
Everybody down here sure likes you a lot, Tom.
Everybody down!
Everybody dumped Tom except me.
Everybody else at the party was a lot drunker than I was.
Everybody else at the party was much younger than me.
Everybody else charges more than you do.
Everybody else does it, too.
Everybody else is coming, too.
Everybody else is doing it.
Everybody else is doing that.
Everybody else is gone.
Everybody else looks worried.
Everybody enjoyed Yanni.
Everybody enjoyed watching Tom dance.
Everybody except Joe went to the party.
Everybody except Mary knew that Tom was in love with her.
Everybody except Mary knew that she didn't have to do that.
Everybody except Mary knew that she didn't have to go to Boston.
Everybody except Mary knew that she didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everybody except Mary knew that she didn't need to do that.
Everybody except Mary knew that she didn't need to go to Boston.
Everybody except Mary knew that she didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everybody except Tom agreed.
Everybody except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to do that.
Everybody except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to go to Boston.
Everybody except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everybody except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to do that.
Everybody except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to go to Boston.
Everybody except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everybody except Tom knew Mary was in love with him.
Everybody except Tom knew he didn't have to do that.
Everybody except Tom knew he didn't have to go to Boston.
Everybody except Tom knew he didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everybody except Tom knew he didn't need to do that.
Everybody except Tom knew he didn't need to go to Boston.
Everybody except Tom knew he didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everybody except Tom knew that Mary was in love with him.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't have to do that.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Australia.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Boston.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Australia.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Australia.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Boston.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Australia.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everybody except Tom knew what was going on.
Everybody except Tom said they felt fine.
Everybody except Tom seemed to be having fun.
Everybody except Tom seems to be having fun.
Everybody except Tom stopped walking.
Everybody except him thanked the critic for her honest opinion.
Everybody except me knew what was going on.
Everybody except me was against that plan.
Everybody except the Anderson family is going to the party next Thursday evening.
Everybody except us knew what was going on.
Everybody expected Tom to win.
Everybody expected Tom would win.
Everybody expected an attack.
Everybody expected that the experiment would result in failure.
Everybody expected the musical to be a great hit, but it was far from being a success.
Everybody fails once or twice.
Everybody falls in love at least once in their lives.
Everybody feared the lieutenant colonel.
Everybody fears that prison.
Everybody fears time.
Everybody feels at home with him.
Everybody feels comfortable with him.
Everybody feels goods.
Everybody feels that way.
Everybody feels the pressure.
Everybody felt the earthquake, except me.
Everybody felt they had to do something.
Everybody fights at the park.
Everybody flies today. It's the same thing as taking a bus.
Everybody forgot my birthday.
Everybody found her boring.
Everybody found it interesting.
Everybody froze in horror.
Everybody get out. Not you, Sami.
Everybody gets a second chance.
Everybody gets lost in the outback at some point.
Everybody gets old.
Everybody gets their portion.
Everybody gets what they deserve.
Everybody gossips.
Everybody got off the bus.
Everybody got scared.
Everybody got sent back home.
Everybody got sick.
Everybody got something.
Everybody got up to leave.
Everybody groans.
Everybody had a good time.
Everybody had a good year.
Everybody had a hard time.
Everybody had a hat on except Tom.
Everybody had a nice dinner.
Everybody had a problem with Sami.
Everybody had a problem with Tom.
Everybody had advice for her.
Everybody had changed so much that I could hardly tell one from another.
Everybody had looked on him as a good-for-nothing.
Everybody had problems with Tom.
Everybody had to do that.
Everybody had to do this.
Everybody had to take a turn.
Everybody has a brain, but many haven't understood the instructions.
Everybody has a breaking point.
Everybody has a desire.
Everybody has a different art style.
Everybody has a hat on except Tom.
Everybody has a price.
Everybody has a problem with Tom.
Everybody has a right to his own opinion. However, sometimes it's better not to tell anybody what that opinion is.
Everybody has a right to pronounce foreign names as he chooses.
Everybody has a scheme for perfecting the world.
Everybody has a story.
Everybody has already left.
Everybody has an agenda.
Everybody has an ass.
Everybody has an opinion on this subject.
Everybody has attended the training course, except for Tom.
Everybody has bad dreams.
Everybody has been looking for you.
Everybody has been so wonderful.
Everybody has been very kind to me.
Everybody has calmed down.
Everybody has flaws.
Everybody has forgotten about Tom and me.
Everybody has heard of Algeria.
Everybody has his merits and demerits.
Everybody has his or her own idiolect of each language that he or she knows. My own English idiolect is weird for some. In speaking, I choose a variety of accents, depending on the listener. When I speak English to Filipinos, I try to use a more Filipino-accented English, because it is easier for them to understand. When I speak to a Canadian or American, I shift to a more North American accent. In writing, I learned the American way until age 10 in the Philippines. From age 10 and above in Canada, I learned Canadian English writing, up to university level. My appetite for science fiction and fantasy books from both American and British authors has affected my writing style. Some Cantonese opine that my writing is British, and it reminds them of England. My philosophy is that English is an international language and its origin can be divorced from its essence, as the case, I think, also of Spanish and French. Ergo, I urge Cantonese to divorce the essence of English from its land of origin. My favourite English writers are the British sci-fi author Olaf Stapledon and the American inventor-philosopher Buckminster Fuller.
Everybody has left except Tom and Mary.
Everybody has left.
Everybody has life details.
Everybody has memory problems.
Everybody has off nights.
Everybody has problems with Tom.
Everybody has problems, not just you.
Everybody has secrets.
Everybody has some faults.
Everybody has some good points and bad points.
Everybody has something to hide.
Everybody has stopped working.
Everybody has talent, but ability takes hard work.
Everybody has the right to seek happiness.
Everybody has the right to talk their way out of things.
Everybody has their favorite drink.
Everybody has their own opinion.
Everybody has their own projects on, so after all you are the only suitable candidate.
Everybody has to adjust.
Everybody has to be somewhere.
Everybody has to die eventually.
Everybody has to die one day.
Everybody has to do that.
Everybody has to do their part.
Everybody has to do this.
Everybody has to eat.
Everybody has to go.
Everybody has to help do this if we are to succeed.
Everybody has to know their mother tongue.
Everybody has to pay.
Everybody has to pitch in.
Everybody has to start somewhere.
Everybody has weaknesses.
Everybody has wet dreams.
Everybody has won, and all must have prizes.
Everybody has worked so hard.
Everybody hated it.
Everybody hates Dan's arrogant attitude.
Everybody hates Fadil for his dismissive attitude.
Everybody hates Tom.
Everybody hates each other now.
Everybody hates her.
Everybody hates him.
Everybody hates it.
Everybody hates me because I'm ugly.
Everybody hates me.
Everybody hates them.
Everybody hates this idea.
Everybody hates those women.
Everybody hates to be lied to.
Everybody hates us.
Everybody hates you.
Everybody held their breath.
Everybody helped everybody.
Everybody here already knows about it.
Everybody here but Tom and Mary has done that.
Everybody here but Tom has done that.
Everybody here but Tom has lived in Australia.
Everybody here but Tom has lived in Boston.
Everybody here but me has done that.
Everybody here but me has lived in Australia.
Everybody here but me has lived in Boston.
Everybody here but you has done that.
Everybody here can speak French.
Everybody here except Tom and Mary has done that.
Everybody here except Tom has done that.
Everybody here except Tom has lived in Australia.
Everybody here except Tom has lived in Boston.
Everybody here except me has done that.
Everybody here except me has lived in Australia.
Everybody here except me has lived in Boston.
Everybody here except us has done that.
Everybody here except you has done that.
Everybody here except you is from Australia.
Everybody here except you is from Boston.
Everybody here has been very kind to me.
Everybody here is Algerian.
Everybody here is from Algiers.
Everybody here is hungry.
Everybody here is sick of Tom already.
Everybody here knows Tom did that.
Everybody here knows Tom doesn't eat pork.
Everybody here knows Tom is in Boston.
Everybody here knows Tom speaks very good French.
Everybody here knows Tom.
Everybody here knows everybody else.
Everybody here knows me.
Everybody here knows that Tom and Mary speak very good French.
Everybody here knows that Tom did that.
Everybody here knows that Tom doesn't eat pork.
Everybody here knows that Tom is in Australia.
Everybody here knows that Tom is in Boston.
Everybody here knows that Tom speaks very good French.
Everybody here knows that we don't eat pork.
Everybody here knows that we won't be able to do that.
Everybody here knows that we're Canadians.
Everybody here knows that you don't eat pork.
Everybody here knows we don't eat pork.
Everybody here knows we won't be able to do that.
Everybody here knows we're Canadians.
Everybody here knows you don't eat pork.
Everybody here knows you.
Everybody here knows your name.
Everybody here likes you.
Everybody here seems to be very sleepy.
Everybody here seems to enjoy being here.
Everybody here seems to know you.
Everybody here speaks French.
Everybody here today needs to do that.
Everybody here today ought to do that.
Everybody here today should do that.
Everybody here today wants to do that.
Everybody here understands French.
Everybody here will vote for Tom.
Everybody hide!
Everybody hoped Tom would win.
Everybody hoped that Tom would win.
Everybody hoped that Tom wouldn't die.
Everybody hugged Tom.
Everybody ignored it.
Everybody ignored me.
Everybody ignored us.
Everybody ignored what Tom was doing.
Everybody in Algeria knows that oil prices are cyclical.
Everybody in here already knows that.
Everybody in my class prefers skiing to skating.
Everybody in my family is genotypically and phenotypically mixed-race.
Everybody in that company is either a vice-president or a senior vice-president; they're all chiefs and no Indians.
Everybody in that company is either a vice-president or a senior vice-president; they’re all chiefs and no Indians.
Everybody in that family has a car of their own.
Everybody in the audience sang along.
Everybody in the building felt the earthquake.
Everybody in the building headed for the exits at the same time.
Everybody in the car said they wanted to get out and stretch their legs.
Everybody in the class laughed at Tom.
Everybody in the class laughed at me.
Everybody in the community loved Fadil.
Everybody in the community was shocked that Sami was gone.
Everybody in the family wore glasses and Dan was no exception.
Everybody in the family wore glasses except for Tom.
Everybody in the lobby is waiting to talk to Tom.
Everybody in the office knows about his hardship.
Everybody in the office was impressed with how Tom handled the problem.
Everybody in the office was impressed with the way Tom handled the problem.
Everybody in the park looked up at the hot air balloon.
Everybody in the park was wearing a black hat.
Everybody in the picture is smiling happily.
Everybody in the picture is smiling.
Everybody in the room did the same thing over and over again.
Everybody in the room did the same thing.
Everybody in the room got very quiet.
Everybody in the room knew each other.
Everybody in the room let out a sigh of relief.
Everybody in the room was doing the same thing.
Everybody in the room was snoring.
Everybody in the room was stunned by what happened.
Everybody in the town was shocked by what Tom did.
Everybody in the village knew him.
Everybody in the village looks up to him.
Everybody in the world desires peace.
Everybody in the world is seeking happiness—and there is one sure way to find it. That is by controlling your thoughts. Happiness doesn't depend on outward conditions. It depends on inner conditions.
Everybody in their life needs love at some point.
Everybody in this family goes to church every Sunday.
Everybody in this family goes to the mosque every Friday.
Everybody in this world has to cope with a lot of difficulties.
Everybody in town knows his name.
Everybody in town knows who Tom and Mary are.
Everybody in town knows who Tom is.
Everybody in town was stunned by Tom's death.
Everybody is a slave to the current socioeconomic system that was invented through the years by unintelligent people.
Everybody is about to find out that they're going to be laid off.
Everybody is about to find out they're going to be laid off.
Everybody is afraid of Tom.
Everybody is afraid of criticism.
Everybody is afraid of you.
Everybody is afraid.
Everybody is against me.
Everybody is alive.
Everybody is asleep.
Everybody is bound to obey the laws.
Everybody is busy except me.
Everybody is calling for sweeping reforms.
Everybody is cheering.
Everybody is completely worn out.
Everybody is concerned about that.
Everybody is confused.
Everybody is counting on you, Tom.
Everybody is dancing.
Everybody is different.
Everybody is doing something.
Everybody is doing that.
Everybody is drinking, and nearly everybody is smoking.
Everybody is equal before the law.
Everybody is excited.
Everybody is expecting a big a bonus.
Everybody is fed up with Dan's scornful attitude.
Everybody is fighting each other under the illusion that it is the "other people" that are causing the problem. We don't realize that we are all in the same boat. We are all suffering from the absence of a system that can pull us together and assure us that the results of each person's work will come back to him and enhance his life in some way.
Everybody is fine.
Everybody is focused.
Everybody is glad Tom got caught.
Everybody is glad Tom was caught.
Everybody is gonna be there except Yanni.
Everybody is gonna be there.
Everybody is gonna know about this sooner or later.
Everybody is good at something and you, for instance, are a liar.
Everybody is great.
Everybody is happy nowadays.
Everybody is having a good time.
Everybody is here except Tom.
Everybody is here.
Everybody is hoarding their cash.
Everybody is hoping nothing bad will happen.
Everybody is hoping that nothing bad will happen.
Everybody is hungry again.
Everybody is hungry, so let's go ahead and eat.
Everybody is hungry.
Everybody is immune to smallpox nowadays.
Everybody is in a bad mood.
Everybody is in a good mood looking forward to the five-day holiday that starts tomorrow.
Everybody is in the basement watching the game on TV.
Everybody is in the other room eating.
Everybody is in their little silo and completely clueless.
Everybody is invited to attend.
Everybody is just "smoking" in a way.
Everybody is laughing.
Everybody is looking at me.
Everybody is looking at us.
Everybody is looking at you.
Everybody is looking for Tom.
Everybody is looking for you.
Everybody is looking forward to next year.
Everybody is online now.
Everybody is planning to do something different.
Everybody is protesting!
Everybody is proud of me.
Everybody is proud of us.
Everybody is ready to go.
Everybody is ready.
Everybody is really excited.
Everybody is relying on you.
Everybody is sad when their side loses an election.
Everybody is scared of you.
Everybody is singing.
Everybody is sleeping.
Everybody is smiling.
Everybody is so friendly here.
Everybody is so friendly.
Everybody is so unfriendly here.
Everybody is sore.
Everybody is subject to law.
Everybody is supposed to know the law, but few people really do.
Everybody is supposed to wear a tie at the party.
Everybody is surprised and excited.
Everybody is susceptible to an affair.
Everybody is taking the physical.
Everybody is talking about Cloud Computing.
Everybody is talking about what Tom did.
Everybody is the architect of their own fortune.
Everybody is there.
Everybody is trying to improve.
Everybody is trying to outdo everybody else.
Everybody is unique.
Everybody is very busy getting ready for the New Year.
Everybody is very busy.
Everybody is waiting for you.
Everybody is watching Jamal dancing.
Everybody is watching you.
Everybody is wearing a mask.
Everybody jumped into the pool.
Everybody jumped.
Everybody just stared at Tom.
Everybody just stared at her.
Everybody just stared at him.
Everybody just stared at me.
Everybody just stared at them.
Everybody just stared at us.
Everybody keeps looking for answers.
Everybody kept quiet.
Everybody kept working.
Everybody knew Sami was talkative.
Everybody knew Tom and Mary were dying.
Everybody knew Tom and Mary were in trouble.
Everybody knew Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Everybody knew Tom could speak French well.
Everybody knew Tom didn't like doing that.
Everybody knew Tom didn't like going to Australia.
Everybody knew Tom didn't like going to Boston.
Everybody knew Tom didn't like living in Australia.
Everybody knew Tom didn't like living in Boston.
Everybody knew Tom didn't want to be here.
Everybody knew Tom didn't want to do that.
Everybody knew Tom didn't want to go to Boston.
Everybody knew Tom didn't want to live in Boston.
Everybody knew Tom didn't want to stay in Boston.
Everybody knew Tom didn't want to visit Australia.
Everybody knew Tom didn't want to visit Boston.
Everybody knew Tom was a negro, though he tried his best to conceal it.
Everybody knew Tom was dying.
Everybody knew Tom was good at French.
Everybody knew Tom was in Boston.
Everybody knew Tom was in trouble.
Everybody knew Tom was lying.
Everybody knew Tom was the one who did that.
Everybody knew Tom was unhappy.
Everybody knew Tom wasn't going to do what he said he was going to do.
Everybody knew Tom.
Everybody knew Yanni.
Everybody knew exactly what was going on.
Everybody knew her true feelings.
Everybody knew it would be dangerous.
Everybody knew it, but I didn't care.
Everybody knew she could speak English well.
Everybody knew she was being pushy.
Everybody knew that Tom could speak French well.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't like doing that.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't like going to Australia.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't like going to Boston.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't like living in Australia.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't like living in Boston.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to be here.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to do that.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to go to Australia.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to go to Boston.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to live in Australia.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to live in Boston.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to stay in Australia.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to stay in Boston.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to visit Australia.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to visit Boston.
Everybody knew that Tom was in Boston.
Everybody knew that Tom was lying.
Everybody knew that Tom was unhappy.
Everybody knew that Tom wasn't going to do what he said he was going to do.
Everybody knew that but Tom.
Everybody knew that except Tom.
Everybody knew that she spoke very good English.
Everybody knew that she was being pushy.
Everybody knew that.
Everybody knew there was something strange going on.
Everybody knew there was something terrible going on.
Everybody knew what it meant.
Everybody knew what the rules were.
Everybody knew what they needed to do.
Everybody knew what they needed.
Everybody knew what they ought to do.
Everybody knew what they should do.
Everybody knew what they wanted to do.
Everybody knew what they wanted.
Everybody knew who had done that.
Everybody knew, but I didn't care.
Everybody knew, except for the lady who owned the house.
Everybody knew.
Everybody knows I don't like Tom.
Everybody knows I hate Tom.
Everybody knows I hate her.
Everybody knows I hate him.
Everybody knows I hate them.
Everybody knows I hate you.
Everybody knows I used to live in Australia.
Everybody knows I used to live in Boston.
Everybody knows I'm Tom's boyfriend.
Everybody knows I'm Tom's girlfriend.
Everybody knows I'm a friend of Tom's.
Everybody knows I'm back, I think.
Everybody knows Tom agreed to do that.
Everybody knows Tom and I don't like each other.
Everybody knows Tom and I like each other.
Everybody knows Tom and Mary are lying.
Everybody knows Tom and Mary like each other.
Everybody knows Tom can speak French well.
Everybody knows Tom can't do that.
Everybody knows Tom can't speak French very well.
Everybody knows Tom can't win.
Everybody knows Tom did it.
Everybody knows Tom did that.
Everybody knows Tom doesn't like Mary.
Everybody knows Tom is dead.
Everybody knows Tom is lying.
Everybody knows Tom is the best.
Everybody knows Tom killed Mary's kittens.
Everybody knows Tom lied.
Everybody knows Tom likes Mary.
Everybody knows Tom paints portraits.
Everybody knows Tom was in Boston.
Everybody knows Tom was the one who broke the window.
Everybody knows Tom won't do that.
Everybody knows Tom won't really do that.
Everybody knows Tom won't win.
Everybody knows Tom.
Everybody knows about that now.
Everybody knows about that.
Everybody knows everybody around here.
Everybody knows everybody.
Everybody knows everything but nobody knows anything.
Everybody knows for a fact that he is still alive.
Everybody knows for sure that it was he who did it.
Everybody knows he likes her and she likes him.
Everybody knows her.
Everybody knows him here.
Everybody knows his duties here.
Everybody knows his name.
Everybody knows how Ivan died.
Everybody knows how smart he is.
Everybody knows how stingy you are.
Everybody knows how to do things on his way.
Everybody knows it except me.
Everybody knows it now.
Everybody knows it was Tom who did that.
Everybody knows it was Tom.
Everybody knows it wasn't Tom.
Everybody knows it wasn't me.
Everybody knows it wasn't your fault.
Everybody knows it worked.
Everybody knows it.
Everybody knows me.
Everybody knows my name.
Everybody knows she can speak English well.
Everybody knows she married him for his money.
Everybody knows that Cold War is the confrontation between two nations.
Everybody knows that I don't like Tom.
Everybody knows that I hate Tom.
Everybody knows that I hate you.
Everybody knows that I used to live in Boston.
Everybody knows that I'm Tom's boyfriend.
Everybody knows that I'm Tom's girlfriend.
Everybody knows that I'm a friend of Tom's.
Everybody knows that I'm back, I think.
Everybody knows that Tom agreed to do that.
Everybody knows that Tom and I don't like each other.
Everybody knows that Tom and I like each other.
Everybody knows that Tom and Mary like each other.
Everybody knows that Tom can speak French well.
Everybody knows that Tom can't do that.
Everybody knows that Tom can't speak French very well.
Everybody knows that Tom can't win.
Everybody knows that Tom did it.
Everybody knows that Tom did that.
Everybody knows that Tom doesn't like Mary.
Everybody knows that Tom is lying.
Everybody knows that Tom is right.
Everybody knows that Tom lied.
Everybody knows that Tom likes Mary.
Everybody knows that Tom was in Boston.
Everybody knows that Tom was the one who broke the window.
Everybody knows that Tom won't do that.
Everybody knows that Tom won't really do that.
Everybody knows that Tom won't win.
Everybody knows that happiness is in contentment.
Everybody knows that he is honest.
Everybody knows that he is still alive.
Everybody knows that he is the last man to break his promise.
Everybody knows that he likes her and vice versa.
Everybody knows that he lost his leg in the war.
Everybody knows that it was Tom who did that.
Everybody knows that it wasn't your fault.
Everybody knows that it worked.
Everybody knows that old trapper.
Everybody knows that she can speak English well.
Everybody knows that she married him for his money.
Everybody knows that that's not going to happen.
Everybody knows that the Black Death was caused by a miasma.
Everybody knows that the ears of an elephant are large.
Everybody knows that they are in love.
Everybody knows that they like each other.
Everybody knows that two and two make four.
Everybody knows that we didn't do that.
Everybody knows that we don't know what we're doing.
Everybody knows that we don't like each other.
Everybody knows that we hate Tom.
Everybody knows that we went to Boston.
Everybody knows that we're more intelligent than she is.
Everybody knows that where I come from.
Everybody knows that you are a liar.
Everybody knows that you're a liar.
Everybody knows that you're lying.
Everybody knows that's Tom's car.
Everybody knows that's not going to happen.
Everybody knows that.
Everybody knows the line “The boy didn't crack under interrogation”, but nowadays many people don’t know the continuation: it is a verse about a boy who died, having refused to renounce his Komsomol membership.
Everybody knows the moon is made of cheese.
Everybody knows the news.
Everybody knows their own name.
Everybody knows them.
Everybody knows they like each other.
Everybody knows two and two make four.
Everybody knows us.
Everybody knows we can't be beat.
Everybody knows we didn't do that.
Everybody knows we don't know what we're doing.
Everybody knows we don't like each other.
Everybody knows we hate Tom.
Everybody knows we hate them.
Everybody knows we went to Boston.
Everybody knows we're more intelligent than she is.
Everybody knows what Tom did.
Everybody knows what Tom is doing.
Everybody knows what he wants, but not everyone knows what he can.
Everybody knows what it means.
Everybody knows what they're doing.
Everybody knows what to do on his way.
Everybody knows what's happening.
Everybody knows where Australia is.
Everybody knows who Tom and Mary are.
Everybody knows who Tom is.
Everybody knows who you are.
Everybody knows you didn't do that.
Everybody knows you went to Australia.
Everybody knows you went to Boston.
Everybody knows you're a liar.
Everybody knows you're lying.
Everybody knows you're more intelligent than she is.
Everybody knows you.
Everybody knows, but I don't care.
Everybody knows.
Everybody laughed at Jack.
Everybody laughed at Tom's mistake.
Everybody laughed at Tom.
Everybody laughed at her.
Everybody laughed at him.
Everybody laughed at his error.
Everybody laughed at me.
Everybody laughed at my idea.
Everybody laughed at the boy.
Everybody laughed at the way Tom and Mary were dancing.
Everybody laughed at the way Tom was dancing.
Everybody laughed at them.
Everybody laughed at us.
Everybody laughed at you, didn't they?
Everybody laughed at you.
Everybody laughed but Tom.
Everybody laughed but me.
Everybody laughed except Tom.
Everybody laughed except for me.
Everybody laughed except her.
Everybody laughed except him.
Everybody laughed except me.
Everybody laughed except them.
Everybody laughed except us.
Everybody laughed except you.
Everybody laughed when Tom slipped on the banana peel.
Everybody laughed, Tom loudest of all.
Everybody laughed, including me.
Everybody laughed.
Everybody laughs at me!
Everybody laughs.
Everybody learns their own language and never makes any effort to learn even one word of other languages.
Everybody leave.
Everybody leaves Tom alone now.
Everybody leaves us alone.
Everybody left thirty minutes ago.
Everybody left.
Everybody lies, except me.
Everybody lies.
Everybody liked Tom's optimism.
Everybody liked Tom.
Everybody liked her.
Everybody liked him.
Everybody liked it.
Everybody liked me.
Everybody liked that.
Everybody liked them.
Everybody liked us.
Everybody liked you.
Everybody likes Algiers. I love Algiers!
Everybody likes Tom.
Everybody likes chips.
Everybody likes doing that.
Everybody likes free stuff.
Everybody likes french fries.
Everybody likes her.
Everybody likes him.
Everybody likes his jokes.
Everybody likes ice cream.
Everybody likes it here.
Everybody likes me, except Tom.
Everybody likes me.
Everybody likes money.
Everybody likes polite people.
Everybody likes snow.
Everybody likes squirrels.
Everybody likes that flower.
Everybody likes the zoo.
Everybody likes them.
Everybody likes this place.
Everybody likes to be appreciated.
Everybody likes to goof off.
Everybody likes you a lot.
Everybody likes you.
Everybody listened politely.
Everybody listens to you.
Everybody lives his own kind of movie.
Everybody looked around nervously.
Everybody looked at Tom as if he'd lost his mind.
Everybody looked at Tom.
Everybody looked at it carefully.
Everybody looked at me.
Everybody looked at us.
Everybody looked bad.
Everybody looked disappointed.
Everybody looked fantastic today.
Everybody looked hot and sweaty.
Everybody looked nervous.
Everybody looked out the window to see what was happening.
Everybody looked sick.
Everybody looked up to him.
Everybody looked up.
Everybody looks at me as if I'm an odd man.
Everybody looks confused.
Everybody looks happy.
Everybody looks surprised and a little confused.
Everybody looks up to Henry.
Everybody looks up to Tom.
Everybody looks up to him.
Everybody loses.
Everybody loved Fadil.
Everybody loved Sami.
Everybody loved Tom very much.
Everybody loved Tom.
Everybody loved Yanni.
Everybody loved her.
Everybody loved him.
Everybody loved it.
Everybody loved the simple scholar.
Everybody loved them.
Everybody loved us.
Everybody loves Lego.
Everybody loves Tom very much.
Everybody loves Tom, right?
Everybody loves Tom.
Everybody loves a winner.
Everybody loves doing this.
Everybody loves figs, I guess.
Everybody loves football.
Everybody loves free stuff.
Everybody loves her.
Everybody loves him.
Everybody loves his country.
Everybody loves it.
Everybody loves me.
Everybody loves music in my class. When I arrived this morning, they were listening to a CD.
Everybody loves music.
Everybody loves my cat.
Everybody loves puppets.
Everybody loves somebody sometimes.
Everybody loves something, even if it's only tortillas.
Everybody loves the musician.
Everybody loves the vuvuzelas!
Everybody loves them.
Everybody loves toys.
Everybody loves winter.
Everybody loves you.
Everybody made contributions.
Everybody made for the door at the signal.
Everybody made fun of Tom.
Everybody made fun of me.
Everybody made it to the wedding.
Everybody makes antibodies naturally.
Everybody makes mistakes once in a while.
Everybody makes mistakes, don't they?
Everybody makes mistakes.
Everybody makes mistakes. That's why they put erasers on pencils.
Everybody makes their own mistakes.
Everybody mourned Tom's death.
Everybody must be subject to law.
Everybody must die.
Everybody must do this.
Everybody must know.
Everybody must unite to fight against AIDS.
Everybody my age does this.
Everybody needed to do that.
Everybody needed to do this.
Everybody needs a drink.
Everybody needs a hobby.
Everybody needs at least one close friend.
Everybody needs food, don't they?
Everybody needs help sometimes.
Everybody needs help.
Everybody needs hope.
Everybody needs one.
Everybody needs somebody.
Everybody needs something to believe in.
Everybody needs to be a little more careful.
Everybody needs to be quiet.
Everybody needs to calm down.
Everybody needs to do that.
Everybody needs to do this.
Everybody needs to feel loved.
Everybody needs to get off the bus.
Everybody needs to get out.
Everybody needs to know this.
Everybody needs to know.
Everybody now is a suspect.
Everybody on board died.
Everybody on our street knows Tom.
Everybody on the bus was asleep except the driver.
Everybody on the bus was screaming.
Everybody on the island knows Tom.
Everybody ought to do that.
Everybody ought to do this.
Everybody out!
Everybody out, quickly!
Everybody paid.
Everybody panicked and started running away.
Everybody panicked.
Everybody plays the game of love.
Everybody please calm down.
Everybody praised Ken for his great courage.
Everybody praised her to the skies.
Everybody praised his heroism.
Everybody probably thinks I'm crazy.
Everybody probably thinks Tom and I are crazy.
Everybody pronounces Tom's name wrong.
Everybody pronounces my name wrong.
Everybody pulled their socks up, yeah.
Everybody pulled together.
Everybody put their foot down.
Everybody puts me down.
Everybody ran out into the hall.
Everybody ran outside.
Everybody ready? Let's do this.
Everybody regards him as honest.
Everybody rejoiced when Jesus was present.
Everybody remembers Tom doing that.
Everybody respected Tom.
Everybody respects Jeremy because he carries out all his responsibilities.
Everybody respects Tom.
Everybody respects how hard Tom works.
Everybody row in concert!
Everybody run!
Everybody rushed off to work.
Everybody rushed out of the room.
Everybody rushed towards Tom.
Everybody rushed towards her.
Everybody rushed towards him.
Everybody rushed towards me.
Everybody rushed towards them.
Everybody rushed towards us.
Everybody said it couldn't be done.
Everybody said so.
Everybody said, "That's impossible." Then someone came along who didn't know that was so and did it.
Everybody sang at the top of their lungs.
Everybody sang.
Everybody sat down.
Everybody saw everything, but no one knows anything.
Everybody saw it.
Everybody saw that.
Everybody saw what happened.
Everybody says I look like my father.
Everybody says I'm a chip off the old block.
Everybody says Tom is a good man.
Everybody says Tom is a nice person.
Everybody says Tom will win the prize.
Everybody says he's a nice person.
Everybody says it isn't possible. Somebody has come here not knowing this and simply done it!
Everybody says it, and what everybody says must be true.
Everybody says it.
Everybody says that I look like my father.
Everybody says that I'm a chip off the old block.
Everybody says that Tom is a good man.
Everybody says that Tom is a nice person.
Everybody says that he is a kind soul.
Everybody says that he's an effeminate guy.
Everybody says that, but I don't believe one of them.
Everybody says that.
Everybody says you're very charismatic.
Everybody seeks happiness.
Everybody seemed afraid.
Everybody seemed happy except for Tom.
Everybody seemed in high spirits.
Everybody seemed on the best of terms with everybody else, and jokes and banter passed from one to another with the most good-natured freedom.
Everybody seemed pretty calm.
Everybody seemed to already know Tom and Mary were getting divorced.
Everybody seemed to already know that Tom and Mary were getting divorced.
Everybody seemed to be afraid but me.
Everybody seemed to be afraid but you.
Everybody seemed to be in a hurry.
Everybody seemed to be paying attention.
Everybody seemed to have money to spend.
Everybody seemed to know what to do.
Everybody seemed very calm.
Everybody seems afraid.
Everybody seems homeless. This world is an illusion.
Everybody seems to be afraid but me.
Everybody seems to be afraid but you.
Everybody seems to be afraid.
Everybody seems to be busy.
Everybody seems to be confused.
Everybody seems to be happy but you.
Everybody seems to be happy.
Everybody seems to be having a good time.
Everybody seems to be having fun.
Everybody seems to be hungry but you.
Everybody seems to be hungry.
Everybody seems to be in a bad mood.
Everybody seems to be sleepy.
Everybody seems to be tired.
Everybody seems to be very afraid.
Everybody seems to be working.
Everybody seems to hate Tom.
Everybody seems to like Jamal.
Everybody seems to like Tom.
Everybody seems to like her.
Everybody seems to like him.
Everybody seems to like it.
Everybody seems to like them.
Everybody seems to pay attention to what he says.
Everybody seems very afraid.
Everybody seems very happy.
Everybody set your watches!
Everybody should be proud.
Everybody should do that.
Everybody should do this.
Everybody should do what Tom does.
Everybody should get tested.
Everybody should go on an elimination diet with antiviral foods. Garlic kills viruses on contact. No one was talking about that recently. Do you see what I mean? This planet is clueless for profit sake.
Everybody should have a purpose.
Everybody should help each other.
Everybody should move on.
Everybody should respect Islam.
Everybody should take a turn.
Everybody should try to be friendly.
Everybody should vote.
Everybody shouted for joy.
Everybody showed sympathy toward the prisoner.
Everybody showed up tonight.
Everybody shut yer traps!
Everybody smiled but Tom.
Everybody smiled.
Everybody speaks very highly of Ando.
Everybody speaks well of her.
Everybody speaks well of him.
Everybody spoke French.
Everybody spoke at the same time.
Everybody stared at Tom.
Everybody started cheering.
Everybody started hugging and kissing each other.
Everybody started laughing at Ziri.
Everybody started laughing at me.
Everybody started running.
Everybody started talking at once.
Everybody started to cheer: "Kiss her! Kiss her! Kiss her!"
Everybody started to laugh.
Everybody started to leave.
Everybody started to panic.
Everybody started waving his flag.
Everybody stay calm.
Everybody stayed in Australia except Tom.
Everybody stayed in Australia except me.
Everybody stayed in Boston except me.
Everybody stayed quiet.
Everybody stayed together.
Everybody stayed.
Everybody still has a chance.
Everybody stood there, shocked.
Everybody stopped in their tracks.
Everybody stopped talking and looked at Tom.
Everybody stopped talking and looked at me.
Everybody stopped talking and stared at me.
Everybody stopped talking when Tom entered the room.
Everybody stopped to see what had happened.
Everybody suddenly burst out laughing.
Everybody suddenly stopped talking.
Everybody suspected him of bribery.
Everybody suspected him of taking a bribe.
Everybody talks about the weather, but nobody does anything about it.
Everybody tasted the food.
Everybody teased Tom.
Everybody tells me their problems.
Everybody tells themselves that.
Everybody tends to be lazy.
Everybody that I know can speak French.
Everybody that came to the street was surprised.
Everybody thinks I'm an asshole.
Everybody thinks I'm dead.
Everybody thinks I'm happy.
Everybody thinks Tom agreed to do that.
Everybody thinks Tom and I are a couple.
Everybody thinks Tom and Mary are a bit crazy.
Everybody thinks Tom and Mary are a little crazy.
Everybody thinks Tom did that.
Everybody thinks Tom hasn't done that.
Everybody thinks Tom is a bit crazy.
Everybody thinks Tom is a genius.
Everybody thinks Tom is a little crazy.
Everybody thinks Tom is on vacation.
Everybody thinks Tom is rich.
Everybody thinks Tom stayed in Boston.
Everybody thinks Tom went to Boston.
Everybody thinks so.
Everybody thinks that I don't matter at all. I feel the same way about them.
Everybody thinks that Tom and I are a couple.
Everybody thinks that Tom hasn't done that.
Everybody thinks that Tom is a genius.
Everybody thinks that Tom is on vacation.
Everybody thinks that Tom is rich.
Everybody thinks that Tom stayed in Australia.
Everybody thinks that Tom went to Australia.
Everybody thinks that they are ready for their old age.
Everybody though that it was something Fadil ate that killed him.
Everybody thought Mennad was Chinese.
Everybody thought Tom was Canadian.
Everybody thought it strange that he lived alone.
Everybody thought it was strange that he lived alone.
Everybody thought so.
Everybody thought that Tom and Mary were guilty.
Everybody thought that Tom was Canadian.
Everybody thought that Tom was from Australia.
Everybody thought that Tom was going to be in Australia this weekend.
Everybody thought that Tom was guilty.
Everybody thought that that was an excellent idea.
Everybody thought that what Tom said was funny.
Everybody thought we were sisters.
Everybody told me to stay away from Tom.
Everybody took a hostile attitude toward illegal aliens.
Everybody took his position.
Everybody tried talking at the same time.
Everybody tried to get in at once.
Everybody tries to do their job with an honest effort.
Everybody trusts Tom.
Everybody trusts and respects Tom.
Everybody turned and started to walk away.
Everybody turned to look at Tom.
Everybody understands Berber here.
Everybody understands that the soil becomes impoverished by continued cropping, if no return be made in the form of manure or fertilizer.
Everybody understood it except for Tom.
Everybody used to call him Tony.
Everybody used to have one of these.
Everybody uses Berber here.
Everybody voted for it.
Everybody voted yes.
Everybody waited in silence.
