They told us that they couldn't help.
They told us that they couldn't win.
They told us that they had a headache.
They told us that they had headaches.
They told us that they knew the risks.
They told us that they loved skiing.
They told us that they thought doing that would be dangerous.
They told us that they thought they'd do that.
They told us that they thought they'd win.
They told us that they wouldn't cry.
They told us that they wouldn't do that.
They told us that they'd cooperate.
They told us that they'd cried.
They told us that they'd do that again.
They told us that they'd do that.
They told us that they'd study French.
They told us that they'd to go with us.
They told us that they'd win.
They told us that we should wait here.
They told us they could do that.
They told us they could help.
They told us they could speak French.
They told us they could win.
They told us they couldn't do that.
They told us they couldn't eat peanuts.
They told us they couldn't help.
They told us they couldn't win.
They told us they had a headache.
They told us they knew the risks.
They told us they loved skiing.
They told us they thought doing that would be dangerous.
They told us they thought they'd do that.
They told us they thought they'd win.
They told us they wanted to call off the mission.
They told us they wouldn't cry.
They told us they wouldn't do that.
They told us they'd cooperate.
They told us they'd cried.
They told us they'd do that again.
They told us they'd do that.
They told us they'd study French.
They told us they'd to go with us.
They told us they'd win.
They told us to sit here.
They told us to wait here.
They told us to wait until 2:30.
They told us to wait.
They told us we could go home because of the snow.
They told us what they knew.
They told us why they'd been absent.
They told us you had an accident.
They told us you hit them.
They told you everything.
They told you something, didn't they?
They told you they were going to get off in the village.
They told you to say that, didn't they?
They told you what happened, didn't they?
They told you what to do, didn't they?
They told you what to prepare.
They tolerate pain.
They took Berber in college.
They took Berber in high school.
They took French classes for 3 months when they were in Paris.
They took Lina to an amazing Algerian restaurant in Paris.
They took Lina to one of her favorite restaurants.
They took Linda to a posh restaurant.
They took Rima to the beach.
They took Tom away on a stretcher.
They took Tom away.
They took Tom into safety.
They took Tom into their own family.
They took Tom to hospital.
They took Tom to the hospital to have his stomach pumped because he ate something poisonous.
They took Tom to the hospital.
They took Tom with them.
They took a bad way.
They took a big risk.
They took a bite from each apple.
They took a bite out of each apple.
They took a boat to a small island known for its wildlife.
They took a boat tour around the nearby islands.
They took a brief vacation.
They took a day off.
They took a dump.
They took a ferry to a nearby island for the day.
They took a hard hit.
They took a helicopter tour to see the island from above.
They took a leap of faith.
They took a life.
They took a little blood from my fingertip.
They took a look at the computer.
They took a nap.
They took a picture of me with their camera.
They took a picture together in the mosque.
They took a quick moment to pray together.
They took a risk.
They took a ritual bath.
They took a sample of my blood at the hospital.
They took a scenic drive along the coastal road.
They took a shit at the fountain.
They took a shortcut.
They took a shower.
They took a sunset cruise along the coastline.
They took a test today.
They took a train to New York.
They took a trip to the capital.
They took a twenty-minute nap.
They took a two week vacation on Phuket island in southern Thailand through a travel agency.
They took a vote on the motion.
They took a walk on the beach.
They took a walk.
They took advantage against us.
They took advantage of it.
They took advantage of me.
They took advantage of the commotion to sneak out.
They took advantage of the stock price increase to raise the idea of building a new factory.
They took all his land.
They took all the money.
They took all their clothes off.
They took an airplane from Berlin to Istanbul.
They took away all of our paperwork.
They took away my daughter.
They took away the remains of a civilization lost in history.
They took away your hope.
They took baskets and went straight to the market.
They took blackcurrant.
They took care of the business.
They took care of thouse house.
They took cover.
They took credit for the tax cut.
They took daily swabs and blood samples throughout his stay in the hospital.
They took dead wood from the forest floor.
They took down entire battalions.
They took down the hashtag.
They took drastic measures.
They took enough provisions for three years at sea.
They took every possibility into consideration.
They took every possible step to avoid this disaster.
They took everything I had.
They took everything away from Tom.
They took everything he had.
They took everything with them.
They took everything.
They took food and clothing.
They took for themselves wives of the women of Moab. The name of the one was Orpah, and the name of the other was Ruth. They lived there about ten years.
They took good care of their children.
They took him by force.
They took him to Algeria.
They took him to the hospital for his fever.
They took hold of my hand.
They took it by force.
They took it from you.
They took it out into the street, and Tom let them have it. Tom put them down one by one, and the spectacle really drew a crowd.
They took it.
They took me away from there.
They took me seriously.
They took me to the mosque.
They took me!
They took my baby.
They took my child away from me.
They took my children away from me.
They took my dog away from me.
They took my idea.
They took my ring.
They took my suitcases away from me.
They took no part in the social revolution.
They took notebooks out of their bags.
They took notes, didn't they?
They took notes.
They took off after Tom.
They took off after her.
They took off after him.
They took off all their clothes.
They took off from Arlanda early in the morning.
They took off my clothes in front of her eyes.
They took off on a rocket.
They took off on their bicycles.
They took off on their bikes.
They took off on their motorcycles.
They took off one of their gloves.
They took off running to the woods.
They took off their boots.
They took off their caps.
They took off their clothes.
They took off their coats and gloves.
They took off their cowboy hats.
They took off their earphones.
They took off their gardening gloves.
They took off their gloves.
They took off their goggles.
They took off their headphones.
They took off their helmets.
They took off their jackets.
They took off their muddy shoes.
They took off their name tags.
They took off their packs.
They took off their raincoats.
They took off their shoes and socks.
They took off their shoes.
They took off their ski boots.
They took off their socks.
They took off their sunglasses.
They took off their sweaters.
They took off their uniforms.
They took off their watches.
They took off their wedding rings.
They took off their wigs.
They took on more than they could handle.
They took one of their gloves off.
They took our passports.
They took out a kidney.
They took out a loan in order to buy a car.
They took out a loan to build their house.
They took out the horse for a ride.
They took out the trash.
They took out the whole tumor out of James's brain.
They took out their cameras.
They took out their earplugs.
They took out their false teeth.
They took over Dad's empire.
They took part in the assembly.
They took part in the effort to bring order to the chaos.
They took photos at the café.
They took photos.
They took pictures of the winners.
They took refuge in Algeria.
They took revenge.
They took riding lessons first.
They took risks.
They took shelter under a tree.
They took shelter under an oak tree.
They took sips from their coffee mugs.
They took some cute pictures together.
They took some things out of their bags.
They took that subject into account.
They took that treasure.
They took that.
They took the abandoned houses through eminent domain.
They took the day off.
They took the dog home.
They took the elected mayor in custody.
They took the elevator.
They took the fun out of everything by not taking offense to it.
They took the injured man to hospital by car.
They took the job.
They took the kids to ice cream.
They took the kids to the movies.
They took the kids to the waterpark.
They took the life of this goat for a religious offering.
They took the lift.
They took the metro.
They took the money.
They took the needed measures to re-establish peace.
They took the patient on a trolley.
They took the reed and smote him on the head.
They took the refugees into their home.
They took the road to Lekseur.
They took the subway.
They took the train to Tokyo.
They took the tube to Camden Town.
They took the tube.
They took the underground.
They took the women to tizi.
They took the wrong bag.
They took the wrong path.
They took the wrong plane.
They took their boots off.
They took their cameras with them.
They took their caps off.
They took their children to the park.
They took their children to the zoo.
They took their clothes off.
They took their coats and gloves off.
They took their coats off.
They took their dog for a walk.
They took their dog to the vet.
They took their dogs for a walk.
They took their dogs to the vet.
They took their glasses off.
They took their gloves off.
They took their goggles off.
They took their hats off.
They took their headphones off.
They took their helmets off.
They took their jackets off.
They took their keys out of their pockets.
They took their own lives.
They took their pens out of their pockets.
They took their places at the table.
They took their reading glasses off.
They took their respective places in line.
They took their seats.
They took their shahada.
They took their shoes and socks off.
They took their shoes off at the door.
They took their shoes off.
They took their socks off.
They took their sunglasses off.
They took their time walking home.
They took their time.
They took their wedding rings off.
They took them away from you.
They took them off for you that day.
They took them.
They took these pictures themselves.
They took these pictures, didn't they?
They took to the field with all the panoply of modern warfare.
They took to their heels.
They took turns drinking from the water fountain.
They took turns driving the car.
They took turns on duty.
They took turns sipping sugar water.
They took us by surprise.
They took us to court.
They took what they wanted.
They tore down the old house.
They tore off their clothes.
They tore pages out of their notebooks.
They tore the old house down.
They tortured Tom.
They tortured every civilian.
They tortured her.
They tortured him for two days.
They tortured him.
They tortured my father to death.
They tortured prisoners.
They tortured the prisoner first and then killed him.
They tortured you.
They tossed their dog some bread.
They tossed their dogs some bread.
They totaled their car.
They totaled their cars.
They totally lack any accountability.
They touched Nuja.
They touched down in the Pacific Ocean to the excitement – and relief – of millions, making the mission what NASA called a “successful failure.”
They touched down in the Pacific Ocean to the excitement – and relief – of millions.
They touched it.
They toured France during their honeymoon.
They toured the Scottish islands.
They toyed with their empty glasses.
They toyed with their food.
They traded stamps with him.
They traded with the surrounding towns and islands.
They train dogs.
They train you on how to do something without thinking twice about it.
They train you to act before thinking. Just execute orders.
They trained Berber teachers.
They trained consistently.
They trained the dog well.
They trampled each other.
They transferred to that school.
They transformed since the accident.
They transformed their small smart-looking car into a successful racing car.
They translate the text without understanding its meaning.
They translated each other's sentences.
They translated it.
They translated the novel from Russian into Armenian.
They translated the text.
They trapped Mina.
They trapped the fox.
They trashed the place.
They travel a lot.
They traveled across the vast desert.
They traveled and experienced new things.
They traveled around.
They traveled at night so no one would see them.
They traveled by boat.
They traveled by car.
They traveled for work so much.
They traveled for work.
They traveled to Algeria.
They traveled to Reims.
They traveled to a foreign country and explored its culture.
They traveled to buxlifa.
They traveled to seduk.
They traveled together in 2004 through Algeria.
They traveled together.
They traveled.
They travelled across Europe with me.
They travelled all throughout Europe with me!
They travelled by bike across Europe.
They travelled by boat.
They travelled day and night.
They travelled eastwards.
They travelled north with a desire to continue their recent upturn in fortunes.
They travelled together.
They treasured their collection of signed books.
They treat me like a child.
They treat others very well.
They treat their children like garbage.
They treat their employees well.
They treat us like idiots.
They treated her so cruelly as to leave few joys in life for her.
They treated him badly.
They treated him like garbage.
They treated me badly.
They treated me like a child.
They treated me like a criminal.
They treated me like a slave.
They treated me unfairly.
They treated me well.
They treated my grandmother well when she was alive.
They treated them differently for being Algerians.
They treated them unfairly.
They treated us like dirt.
They treated us like family.
They treated us unfairly.
They tremble with fear.
They trembled with fear.
They trespassed against God's word. They did otherwise than what he told them.
They tricked me!
They tricked me.
They tricked the enemy so he'd fall into their ambush.
They tried a third time.
They tried again.
They tried and failed to ban the flag.
They tried doing that by themselves.
They tried everything.
They tried in vain to hide their pain.
They tried listening.
They tried not to show their fear.
They tried staying calm.
They tried that.
They tried the bus.
They tried the food that Mary had prepared.
They tried the loquats.
They tried their best not to be late.
They tried their best to look busy.
They tried their best to look happy.
They tried their best to look serious.
They tried their best.
They tried their luck hitchhiking.
They tried their luck.
They tried to alter the human genome.
They tried to ban that, too.
They tried to blow up the city hall, but they failed.
They tried to burn the hotel down.
They tried to bury us. They didn't know that we were seeds.
They tried to catch their breaths.
They tried to cheer me up.
They tried to collect wood from the forest.
They tried to come up with a believable excuse.
They tried to compose themselves.
They tried to conceal their anger.
They tried to control their anger.
They tried to control their emotions.
They tried to control their fear.
They tried to control their tempers.
They tried to convince me to do it three times.
They tried to cover up their mistake.
They tried to cover up their mistakes.
They tried to cut their own hair.
They tried to damp down the fire using sand.
They tried to defend themselves.
They tried to discourage him from going.
They tried to disguise their voices.
They tried to do it by themselves.
They tried to do it, but they couldn't.
They tried to do that by themselves.
They tried to drown themselves.
They tried to enjoy the evening as best they could.
They tried to enter a joint venture with the Bouteflika regime.
They tried to eradicate my culture.
They tried to escape.
They tried to exterminate my people.
They tried to fasten their seatbelts.
They tried to find out the truth.
They tried to fire him, but he did not get the hint.
They tried to fool him, but he didn't fall for it.
They tried to get him to sign the papers, but he refused.
They tried to get on the bull, but were thrown off of it.
They tried to give Coco a new pet.
They tried to handcuff Tom.
They tried to handcuff her.
They tried to handcuff him.
They tried to have a conversation in English.
They tried to help the old lady.
They tried to hide their anger.
They tried to hide their annoyance.
They tried to hide their anxiety.
They tried to hide their concern.
They tried to hide their confusion.
They tried to hide their excitement.
They tried to hide their fear.
They tried to hide their feelings.
They tried to hide their nervousness.
They tried to hide their pain.
They tried to hide their smiles.
They tried to hide their surprise.
They tried to hide their tears.
They tried to hide their xenophobia.
They tried to hide what was really going on.
They tried to hold back their tears.
They tried to impress their boss.
They tried to impress their bosses.
They tried to impress their friends.
They tried to intimidate Muslim students on the campus.
They tried to keep their voices low.
They tried to kill him.
They tried to kill me.
They tried to kill themselves last week.
They tried to kill themselves yesterday.
They tried to kill us.
They tried to lie to the world.
They tried to make Native American children ashamed of their origins.
They tried to make each other look foolish.
They tried to make the world a better place, but they were really just mobsters as usual.
They tried to make time for the kids.
They tried to memorize the Quran.
They tried to murder him.
They tried to poison us.
They tried to prepare themselves.
They tried to prevent the news from leaking out.
They tried to protect their children.
They tried to protect their faces.
They tried to protect their families.
They tried to protect their kids.
They tried to protect themselves.
They tried to push those thoughts away.
They tried to put out the fire using sand.
They tried to put us out of business.
They tried to regain their balance.
They tried to relax, but they couldn't.
They tried to rob me.
They tried to save the stork with a broken wing out of humanism.
They tried to scam me.
They tried to scare the kids with threats.
They tried to sell their houses.
They tried to shake me down for more money.
They tried to smother the flames with sand.
They tried to sneak into the movie theater.
They tried to speak, but they couldn't.
They tried to stay calm.
They tried to steal the crown.
They tried to stop them.
They tried to swim to a safe place.
They tried to swim to safety.
They tried to take control of the gold market.
They tried to take our cameras.
They tried to talk me out of it three times.
They tried to talk, but they couldn't.
They tried to unfasten their seatbelts.
They tried to use an iron bar to pry open the lock.
They tried to walk past Tom.
They tried to walk past her.
They tried to walk past him.
They tried very hard to gain an advantage over one another.
They tried, but they couldn't do that.
They tried.
They trimmed the branch carefully.
They trimmed the ivy.
They tripped and sprained their ankles.
They trudged across the tussocky grass and up on to a footpath.
They trudged up the frosted hill, every step a testament of their will to live.
They truly won't forget about it; I myself noted it on the calendar.
They trust Tom.
They trust each other.
They trust her.
They trust him.
They trust me.
They trust their doctors.
They trust us.
They trust you.
They trusted Tom.
They trusted each other completely.
They trusted each other without question.
They trusted her with an important task.
They trusted her.
They trusted him.
They trusted their instincts.
They trusted us.
They trusted you.
They try not to ask too many questions.
They try the rice.
They try to attack.
They try to do right and not look at what others are doing.
They try to do what's right and not worry about what others do.
They try to forget.
They try to kill (and sometimes they succeed!) any stranger foolish enough to set foot on their small island.
They try to kill her.
They try to kill him.
They try to offer something for everyone.
They try to resolve the problems of the city.
They tucked the kids in bed.
They tuned their guitars.
They turned Linda down.
They turned Tom in to the police.
They turned a TV set on.
They turned a desert into a green garden.
They turned against Germany.
They turned around.
They turned down our offer.
They turned him over to the police.
They turned in their resignations.
They turned me into a sacrificial sheep.
They turned off all the lights in the park.
They turned off at the wrong exit.
They turned off the computer.
They turned off the music.
They turned off their desk lamps.
They turned off their headlights.
They turned off their phones.
They turned on Linda.
They turned on their flashlights.
They turned on their headlights.
They turned our offer down.
They turned our proposal down.
They turned over rocks to look for crayfish.
They turned pale.
They turned the book into a movie.
They turned the country into a pit.
They turned the garage into a little mosque.
They turned the garage into a mosque.
They turned the garage into a prayer room.
They turned the room completely upside down.
They turned their attention to another source of transmission, theorizing that the virus was coming directly from its host, bats.
They turned their bowls upside down.
They turned their flashlights on.
They turned themselves in to the police.
They turned themselves in.
They turned to face each other, and then kissed each other on the lips.
They turned to look at Tom.
They turned to look at her.
They turned to look at him.
They turned up at my place during the second half of the day.
They turned us down.
They tutored Silya.
They two parties joined forces because of their mutual dislike of the Islamists.
They typed comments.
They unanimously concluded that he had violated the rules against unfair imitation as well as good business practices under marketing law.
They unanimously converted to Islam.
They unbuckled their seatbelts.
They unbuttoned their jackets.
They unclenched their fists.
They uncrossed their legs.
They underestimate Mina.
They underestimated her worth.
They underestimated their opponents.
They understand French, don't they?
They understand each other.
They understand it's important.
They understand now.
They understand one another.
They understand that.
They understand us.
They understood each other.
They understood early.
They understood everything.
They understood my plight.
They understood nothing.
They understood that making money is really hard.
They understood that war might come.
They understood that.
They understood what Skura meant.
They understood what we meant in the end.
They understood why.
They understood.
They undressed Tom.
They undressed.
They unfolded their napkins.
They unfurled the Algerian flag.
They united against him.
They unleashed their dog.
They unleashed their dogs.
They unloaded it.
They unloaded the car and carried the goods up to the flat.
They unloaded the ship.
They unlocked the door.
They unlocked the entrance for us.
They unlocked the front gate.
They unlocked their office door.
They unlocked their office doors.
They unlocked their suitcases.
They unpacked their suitcases.
They unplugged their guitars.
They unrolled their sleeping bags.
They unrolled their yoga mats.
They untied their ponytails.
They unveiled new ballistic missiles.
They unwrapped their sandwiches.
They unzipped their coats.
They unzipped their jackets.
They upgraded to a ductless air conditioner.
They uplift him when he needs it most.
They urged close economic and diplomatic ties with Britain.
They urged him in vain to sell them his prosperous firm.
They urged him not to go to war over the issue.
They urged him to punish the rebels.
They urged them to buy the products.
They use Berber.
They use Japanese style jiggers.
They use Snapchat.
They use illustrations to convey their message.
They use manipulative tactics.
They use modern tools.
They use neither tables nor chairs.
They use other natural ingredients to deepen the authenticity of their carpets, such as walnut hulls to create deep browns, and pomegranate skins to create a beautiful bronze green.
They use the walkman to listen to the radio.
They use this book in Spanish class.
They use tractors and equipment that clean stones and sift soil, allowing them to detect gold faster than locals who use manual tools.
They used Rima for attention.
They used a high-speed camera.
They used a proxy to contact us.
They used a pump to take out the water.
They used abusive language to her.
They used an RT PCR assay to study the genome of the coronavirus.
They used condoms.
They used data from over ten thousand different books to compile their corpus.
They used every means in their power to instigate the people against him.
They used flint to create sparks for the campfire.
They used local wood to build the ships.
They used math to calculate the shape of the universe immediately before and after the Big Bang.
They used poison gas.
They used that table.
They used the Internet too much because they had some underlying problem that also caused them to neglect their child.
They used the phone.
They used their guns to hit each other.
They used their key.
They used this table.
They used those primitive tools.
They used to be on the basketball team.
They used to be poor.
They used to be sweethearts back in high school.
They used to believe Tom.
They used to buy Nike shoes.
They used to call him.
They used to carry everything on their backs.
They used to date actors.
They used to date actresses.
They used to do that, didn't they?
They used to eat popcorn when they sat around listening to the radio.
They used to extract teeth.
They used to get on well together but now they are always quarreling.
They used to get really scared of making speeches in class.
They used to go for a drive to Nagoya Port on weekends.
They used to go to the mosque together.
They used to go to the mosque.
They used to have breakfast.
They used to have dogs lick people's wounds.
They used to hold raves in those dilapidated warehouses on the quay.
They used to hunt monkeys in the forest.
They used to like that game.
They used to live in London, but they've since moved out of the city.
They used to live in Nagoya.
They used to live in luxury.
They used to live next door to us.
They used to look up to their father.
They used to love jokes.
They used to love their jobs.
They used to ride through scented woods, where the green branches brushed her shoulders, and little birds sang among the fresh leaves.
They used to sell eggs here.
They used to share an apartment.
They used to smile at each other.
They used to start school at the age of six.
They used to think Troy was a myth.
They used to watch that movie all the time.
They used to watch that movie with Dad.
They used to watch those cartoons on Disney Channel.
They used to win a lot, didn't they?
They used to wrestle all the way home.
They used tools similar to those used there.
They used towels to dry their hair.
They used truth serum.
They used up all their money.
They used up all their water.
They used vivid colors.
They used weed eaters for the rest of the day.
They usefully managed to construe an efficient work ethic.
They usually arrested people, then either tortured or killed them.
They usually bike to school.
They usually cry when they're scared.
They usually cycle to school.
They usually do that by themselves.
They usually don't notice faces.
They usually drum their fingers at red lights.
They usually eat chef-made food.
They usually eat their lunches alone.
They usually get home later than us.
They usually get home later than we do.
They usually get what they ask for.
They usually get what they want.
They usually go fishing by themselves.
They usually go rowing by themselves.
They usually go to Tazmalt.
They usually go to school by bicycle.
They usually go to school by bike.
They usually go to school from Monday to Friday.
They usually have breakfast at half past seven o'clock and eat their lunch at twelve.
They usually have breakfast at half past seven o’clock and eat their lunch at twelve.
They usually have their evening meal here.
They usually keep their promises.
They usually keep things to themselves.
They usually keep to themselves.
They usually order burgers.
They usually sail in calm waters.
They usually say that women live longer than men.
They usually shear sheep in spring.
They usually sleep in this room.
They usually sleeps on their backs.
They usually use an anchor to hold a yacht in place.
They usually wear red shirts.
They usually went to the shopping mall on Monday.
They usurped the victory.
They vacationed in France last year.
They vacationed in Hawaii.
They vacationed together.
They vacuumed their bedroom.
They vacuumed their bedrooms.
They value Mina.
They value deep thinking.
They value experimentation and creativity.
They value persistence over talent.
They valued her contributions to the team.
They valued honesty and trust above all.
They valued my efforts.
They vandalized Nuja’s restaurant.
They vandalized mosques.
They vandalized my BMW!
They vandalized the school.
They vanished.
They ventured into the abyss.
They verbally abused Tom.
They verbally abused her.
They verbally abused him.
They verbally abused me.
They verbally abused them.
They verbally abused us.
They view Islam as oppressive to women.
They view Islam as oppressive towards women.
They view foreigners with suspicion; I view everybody with suspicion.
They view foreigners with suspicion; I view everyone with suspicion.
They view scientific research as something to suspect rather than embrace.
They view the Devil as a symbol of temptation, evil, and the embodiment of sin.
They viewed her as a nuisance.
They violated the constitution.
They violated the law.
They violated the terms of the contract.
They visit Kabylie every summer.
They visit Mina.
They visit us from time to time.
They visited Belarus.
They visited Boston.
They visited Dad's new mansion for the first time.
They visited Disneyland, where they enjoyed seeing many kinds of shows.
They visited Gabor's treehouse.
They visited Italy.
They visited Lebanon.
They visited London.
They visited Mexico.
They visited Mom at the office.
They visited Oslo for the first time yesterday.
They visited a famous lighthouse overlooking the ocean.
They visited a farm and fed the animals.
They visited a museum and admired the artwork.
They visited a small fishing village on their trip.
They visited all countries together.
They visited all the bars.
They visited an abandoned village.
They visited an amazing space park.
They visited me occasionally.
They visited the capital.
They visited the haunted house.
They visited the monastery gardens.
They visited the place.
They visited the town every now and then.
They visited their grandmother.
They visited their parents yesterday.
They visited them.
They visited us at the camp during summer vacation.
They visited us.
They vomited all over the floor.
They vomited on the bus.
They vote in secret, may seek public office, and may demand the removal of public officials who behave improperly.
They voted Tom out.
They voted against it.
They voted against the project.
They voted for her.
They voted for themselves.
They voted no.
They voted to create a committee.
They voted unanimously.
They voted.
They vowed that they'd never do it.
They vowed that they'd never do that.
They vowed they'd never do it.
They vowed they'd never do that.
They vowed to marry after the war.
They waited a long time for their guest. Finally, an odd man arrived whom they had not expected in the least.
They waited by the door.
They waited for a decision.
They waited for a few days but nobody came.
They waited for about an hour.
They waited for an ambulance.
They waited for him for hours.
They waited for hours at the café.
They waited for the Messiah.
They waited for the enemy to attack.
They waited for the sheriff’s orders.
They waited for the signal to move.
They waited for the storm to calm down and then they set out.
They waited for their coffee eagerly.
They waited for their teacher.
They waited in line for the bus.
They waited in silence for the ambush.
They waited in the car.
They waited inside the car.
They waited long.
They waited on the porch until it stopped raining.
They waited outside.
They waited their turn.
They waited until the heat dissipated.
They waited until the last moment.
They waited until the virus killed all the infected people.
They waited up for Skura.
They waited, but nothing happened.
They waited.
They waived their rights.
They wake up at 6 o'clock every morning.
They wake up at six every morning.
They wake up early.
They walk along the white street.
They walk arm in arm each other.
They walk arm in arm with each other.
They walk around Uzellagen.
They walk backwards, unlike us.
They walk barefoot.
They walk daily.
They walk hand in hand, bound by trust and understanding.
They walk in a line.
They walk in harmony with the world.
They walk in quiet unity.
They walk in the footsteps of the wise.
They walk on the street.
They walk one behind the other.
They walk paths carved by time.
They walk slowly.
They walk the line between strength and grace.
They walk the path of quiet courage.
They walk the path of truth, unafraid.
They walk the path of understanding.
They walk the path of wisdom.
They walk their dog twice a day.
They walk through life with quiet determination.
They walk together, hand in hand.
They walk together, stronger than before.
They walk together, unafraid of the dark.
They walk together, unafraid of the future.
They walk too slow.
They walk with grace.
They walk with purpose, never rushing, always sure.
They walk with quiet courage.
They walk with quiet determination.
They walk without faltering.
They walk.
They walked a great amount without drinking water.
They walked a great distance without drinking water.
They walked about.
They walked all the way round the lake.
They walked all the way to Boston.
They walked alone, protected by the dark shadow of the night.
They walked along a narrow path.
They walked along the avenue, arm in arm.
They walked along the avenue.
They walked along the road three abreast.
They walked along the road together until they reached the village, but then their paths diverged.
They walked along the street side by side.
They walked and talked for most of the afternoon.
They walked and talked.
They walked arm in arm.
They walked around the corner of the street.
They walked around the corner.
They walked around the store.
They walked around.
They walked as far as the next town in an hour.
They walked as far as they could.
They walked at the rate of three miles an hour.
They walked away from their car.
They walked away from their cars.
They walked away swiftly.
They walked away, leaving Mom behind.
They walked away.
They walked back into their apartment.
They walked back into their apartments.
They walked back into their office.
They walked back into their offices.
They walked back to their car.
They walked back to their cars.
They walked back to their hotel.
They walked back to their hotels.
They walked back toward Tom.
They walked barefoot over the sand dunes.
They walked between the trees' low branches.
They walked by without even saying hello.
They walked by without so much as a hello.
They walked down Amizour.
They walked down the beach, holding hands.
They walked down the hall by themselves.
They walked down the street, singing a song.
They walked downstairs.
They walked five blocks just to make a phone call.
They walked for some time in silence.
They walked for ten miles, rested for ten minutes, then walked again.
They walked hand in hand to the bridge, leant over the parapet, and watched the river eddying below.
They walked hand in hand.
They walked home together after school.
They walked home together.
They walked home.
They walked in front of you.
They walked in silence, lost in thought.
They walked in silence.
They walked inside.
They walked into the garage.
They walked into the hospital.
They walked into the house.
They walked into the living room.
They walked into the mosque.
They walked into the restaurant.
They walked into the saloon together.
They walked into their house.
They walked into their houses.
They walked me home.
They walked miles and miles.
They walked out of the coffee shop.
They walked out.
They walked outside.
They walked over the mat.
They walked over the sand dunes.
They walked past that room and saw Mom.
They walked past you.
They walked side by side.
They walked side-by-side.
They walked silently through the park.
They walked slowly along the path.
They walked slowly towards Tom.
They walked slowly towards her.
They walked slowly towards him.
They walked slowly.
They walked the dog together.
They walked the elderly lady home.
They walked the neighbor's dog.
They walked the path, steady and sure.
They walked their dog every day.
They walked their dog in the park.
They walked their dog.
They walked their dogs every day.
They walked their dogs every morning.
They walked their dogs in the park.
They walked their dogs.
They walked three miles farther.
They walked through the market.
They walked through the tall grass.
They walked to the end of the jetty and sat down, their feet dangling above the water.
They walked to the island on the frozen lake.
They walked to the mall, where they ate and watched a movie.
They walked to the side of the stage.
They walked together.
They walked toward the bridge.
They walked toward the gate.
They walked toward their car.
They walked toward their cars.
They walked towards the bridge.
They walked towards the gate.
They walked towards the school.
They walked towards their car.
They walked towards their cars.
They walked two abreast.
They walked up the stairs.
They walked up the stairway to the second floor.
They walked up to the well.
They walked upstairs.
They walked very slowly.
They walked while trying to avoid the lines in the sidewalk.
They walked with him to an old wooden building near the farmhouse.
They walked.
They wallowed in the mud.
They wander.
They wandered alone.
They wandered around.
They want Tom back.
They want Tom to be their leader.
They want Tom to stay overnight.
They want Tom.
They want a better life.
They want a car.
They want a cat.
They want a centralized European Union.
They want a civil war in Kabylie.
They want a few more hours to finish the report.
They want a lawyer.
They want a linguistically homogeneous country.
They want a million dollars for this place.
They want a new phone.
They want a reaction.
They want a tasteful wedding ceremony.
They want all of their teachers to be Muslim.
They want answers.
They want change. They hate staying in one place.
They want everything right now that you said you'd give them.
They want fewer Muslim immigrants in their country.
They want her back.
They want him back.
They want him to come back.
They want him.
They want it back at any price.
They want it back.
They want it for themselves.
They want it for tomorrow.
They want it.
They want justice.
They want me on their team.
They want me to believe them.
They want me to buy them a pony.
They want me to coach them.
They want me to confess to a crime I didn't commit.
They want me to cook dinner for them.
They want me to do that for them.
They want me to feel their lizard.
They want me to fix this for them.
They want me to follow them.
They want me to give them a loan.
They want me to give them some space.
They want me to go in.
They want me to help them tomorrow.
They want me to join them.
They want me to lie for them.
They want me to organize the party.
They want me to quit, but I'm not ready to throw in the towel yet.
They want me to sell the restaurant.
They want me to stay away from them.
They want me to talk to Tom.
They want me to talk to her.
They want me to talk to him.
They want me to talk to you.
They want me to wait for them.
They want me to work with them.
They want me.
They want more money.
They want more space.
They want more.
They want my death.
They want nothing more than division amongst ourselves.
They want nothing more than to see us fighting amongst ourselves.
They want one.
They want our help.
They want our souls.
They want paraffin.
They want peace.
They want people to pity them.
They want pepperoni on their pizza.
They want sex, wealth and fame.
They want some coffee.
They want some food.
They want some more cake.
They want some more popcorn.
They want some online activists to stop raising awareness.
They want some relaxation on the dress code.
They want somebody to help them.
They want someone to help them.
They want someone to love them.
They want something from them?
They want something from us, but I don't know what.
They want something to write with.
They want that.
They want the best.
They want the changes to be accepted upstream in the main distribution.
They want their children to learn it.
They want their justice.
They want their money back.
They want their money today.
They want their umbrellas back.
They want them back.
They want things done their way.
They want this.
They want to accompany me.
They want to ban Islam in their country.
They want to ban Islam in their state.
They want to ban the Quran in the Netherlands.
They want to ban the Quran in the West.
They want to ban the Quran in their country.
They want to ban the hijab in their country.
They want to ban the religion of Islam from their country.
They want to ban the wearing of the hijab in public places.
They want to ban the wearing of the hijab in the Netherlands.
They want to ban the wearing of the hijab in their city.
They want to be lawyers.
They want to be with you.
They want to become better.
They want to become citizens.
They want to become rich.
They want to better their working conditions.
They want to book a trip to Australia.
They want to build a fence around their home.
They want to build a hotel in proximity to the beach.
They want to build a house.
They want to build an app.
They want to build one of the most beautiful buildings in the world.
They want to bury us alive.
They want to buy a new house and a new car.
They want to buy books.
They want to call their lawyer.
They want to call their lawyers.
They want to cause divisions.
They want to change the law.
They want to change their plan.
They want to change their plans.
They want to choose their mates by their own will.
They want to choose their own Berber teacher.
They want to come home.
They want to come with me.
They want to come.
They want to control your minds.
They want to create a synthetic life form.
They want to cut down the forest to build a hotel and a shopping mall.
They want to cut us away from our identity.
They want to deprive us of our national identity.
They want to destabilize civilization.
They want to destroy civilization.
They want to destroy linguistic diversity.
They want to destroy the Algerian republic.
They want to destroy us.
They want to destroy your freedoms.
They want to determine whether there were any unreported malfunctions and whether or not all test objectives were met.
They want to discourage us.
They want to divorce again.
They want to do everything themselves.
They want to do it.
They want to do this right.
They want to donate money.
They want to drag Algeria into a war.
They want to drink.
They want to dye their hair.
They want to ease the heart.
They want to eat.
They want to encourage those companies to take more responsibility.
They want to erase our identity.
They want to establish an Islamic state in Algeria.
They want to fight.
They want to find out who broke the window.
They want to finish what they're doing.
They want to follow me.
They want to force me to marry.
They want to get back on the court by next month.
They want to get better.
They want to get married.
They want to get out of the house.
They want to get over their fears.
They want to get paid today.
They want to go abroad.
They want to go back.
They want to go home, but they can't.
They want to go home.
They want to go overseas.
They want to go, but they can't.
They want to grow their money.
They want to have a car.
They want to have a good Berber teacher.
They want to have a little bit of fun.
They want to have a meeting with us today.
They want to have a meeting with you.
They want to hear you sing.
They want to help the children living on the street.
They want to help us.
They want to help.
They want to hurt me.
They want to impoverish us.
They want to improve their abilities.
They want to improve themselves.
They want to improve working conditions.
They want to improve.
They want to increase food production by growing new kinds of rice.
They want to isolate Russia.
They want to keep it that way.
They want to keep people divided.
They want to kill me.
They want to kill themselves.
They want to kill us all.
They want to knock down a load-bearing wall.
They want to know about Tom.
They want to know about her.
They want to know about him.
They want to know what happened.
They want to know what your plan is.
They want to know what's going on.
They want to know what's happening.
They want to know.
They want to learn Berber.
They want to learn English.
They want to learn French.
They want to learn how to drive.
They want to learn the Berber language.
They want to learn to cook.
They want to learn to sing.
They want to leave Algiers.
They want to leave, but they can't.
They want to leave.
They want to listen.
They want to live close to the station.
They want to live in a small town where everyone knows each other.
They want to live in a social cohort, like a retirement community, and things like that where it's much more socially amenable to them.
They want to live in the city.
They want to live on their own.
They want to make Islam look bad.
They want to make a small swimming pool in their garden.
They want to make it bigger.
They want to make me talk.
They want to make our kids their guinea pigs.
They want to make the BDS movement illegal.
They want to meet her in Czechia.
They want to meet her in the Czech Republic.
They want to meet tonight for a double date.
They want to meet you.
They want to move abroad.
They want to move forward.
They want to normalize that kind of behavior.
They want to participate in the Olympic Games.
They want to participate in the game.
They want to photograph every city.
They want to plant lettuce this year.
They want to poison the air, water, and soil.
They want to poison you with their poison.
They want to poison you with their religious ideas.
They want to rape our women.
They want to read only interesting books.
They want to remodel their kitchen.
They want to remodel their kitchens.
They want to rent bikes.
They want to return to their countries.
They want to return to their country.
They want to return.
They want to riot.
They want to ruin the farmers all over.
They want to say yes, but they can't.
They want to see how we react.
They want to see the camera.
They want to see the entire regime collapsing.
They want to see the light with their eyes.
They want to see us alone.
They want to see us apart.
They want to see you dead.
They want to see you hurt.
They want to see you.
They want to see.
They want to sell Algeria to foreign powers.
They want to sell their car.
They want to sell their cars.
They want to sell things on Facebook.
They want to send girls her age away on their own.
They want to separate after 40 years of marriage.
They want to sever us from our identity.
They want to silence us.
They want to snazz up their home.
They want to speak Berber like you.
They want to speak English.
They want to speak to you.
They want to speak with you.
They want to spend the night at your house.
They want to start a cane farm in Algeria.
They want to start a family.
They want to start a revolution.
They want to start their own business.
They want to start their own businesses.
They want to stay at my place.
They want to stay under budget.
They want to stay with me.
They want to stay.
They want to steal our hard-earned taxpayer money.
They want to steal our jobs.
They want to steal the car.
They want to steal their souls.
They want to suppress Islam everywhere.
They want to take land, but there are men on that land. They want to get rid of them, so they call them the 'savage'. Once called the 'savage', these men are not considered as humans anymore. So it's permitted to kill them off to the last one. And this is how somebody's land becomes somebody else's land.
They want to take part in the Olympic Games.
They want to take revenge.
They want to take them with them.
They want to talk about religion.
They want to talk to Tom only.
They want to talk to their lawyer.
They want to talk to their lawyers.
They want to talk to you a moment.
They want to talk to you about areas of mutual interest.
They want to talk.
They want to tell us something.
They want to tell us that they are there for us.
They want to tell you that they love you.
They want to tell you that you are appreciated.
They want to tell you their story.
They want to thank us for watching Tom.
They want to travel.
They want to understand Islam.
They want to understand life.
They want to ward off bad luck.
They want us to abandon our brothers.
They want us to be Muslim.
They want us to be Muslims.
They want us to believe that we are in a democracy.
They want us to come in right away.
They want us to cooperate.
They want us to die with them.
They want us to do it.
They want us to find it.
They want us to follow them.
They want us to go with them.
They want us to help them do that.
They want us to help them.
They want us to just be happy when the stonks go up and ignore what's happening around us.
They want us to know that they did it.
They want us to know that they did that.
They want us to know they did it.
They want us to know they did that.
They want us to pay the bill now.
They want us to think that they're OK.
They want us to think that they're happy.
They want us to think they're OK.
They want us to think they're happy.
They want water.
They want you back at the office.
They want you back.
They want you dead.
They want you guys.
They want you out there right away.
They want you to do it for them.
They want you to do that for them.
They want you to do them a favor.
They want you to help them do that.
They want you to help them today.
They want you to help them.
They want you to resign.
They want you to sing with them.
They want you to take that away.
They want you to take this away.
They want you to wait for them.
They want you to wash their car.
They want you to wash their cars.
They want you to write feminine things. I understand.
They want you.
They want your advice.
They want your analysis.
They want your help.
They want your recipe.
They want, above all things to live in peace.
They want, above all things, to live in peace.
They want, more than anything else, to live in peace.
They wanted Hawaii to be part of the United States.
They wanted Tom dead even more than you did.
They wanted Tom gone.
They wanted Tom to be there with them.
They wanted Tom to leave.
They wanted a bigger discount.
They wanted a fight.
They wanted a red Porsche.
They wanted a wedding picture in front of the Eiffel Tower.
They wanted an apology.
They wanted an economy car.
They wanted burgers.
They wanted change now.
They wanted her to come to hate her fiance.
They wanted isolation.
They wanted it.
They wanted jobs with the government.
They wanted me out of the way.
They wanted me there.
They wanted me to buy them a pony.
They wanted me to come get them.
They wanted me to do that for them.
They wanted me to do that with them.
They wanted me to do that, didn't they?
They wanted me to do them a favor.
They wanted me to finish by 2:30.
They wanted me to get a summer job.
They wanted me to go.
They wanted me to help them today.
They wanted me to help them.
They wanted me to hold that for them.
They wanted me to leave.
They wanted me to see Tom immediately.
They wanted me to sell drugs for them, but I refused.
They wanted me to show Tom around the factory.
They wanted me to show Tom round the factory.
They wanted me to teach them French.
They wanted me to tell you that they're busy.
They wanted me to tell you they're busy.
They wanted me to visit them.
They wanted me to wait for them.
They wanted me to walk home with them.
They wanted me.
They wanted much more than we were able to give them.
They wanted no further spread of slavery.
They wanted online voting at all costs.
They wanted people to like them.
They wanted proof.
They wanted protection.
They wanted some more popcorn.
They wanted something better.
They wanted the best.
They wanted the right to govern themselves.
They wanted the sword.
They wanted the war to end quickly.
They wanted their freedom.
They wanted their land back.
They wanted their money back.
They wanted their own room.
They wanted their own rooms.
They wanted this to happen.
They wanted this.
They wanted to adopt you.
They wanted to arrive early.
They wanted to ban slavery everywhere in the United States.
They wanted to be just like Dad.
They wanted to be with Tom.
They wanted to build one of the most beautiful buildings in the world.
They wanted to call their lawyer.
They wanted to call their lawyers.
They wanted to centralize power.
They wanted to change something.
They wanted to change the color.
They wanted to change things.
They wanted to clean up their room themselves.
They wanted to clear Dad's name.
They wanted to come themselves.
They wanted to continue to fight.
They wanted to control the drug distribution network.
They wanted to cry, but they didn't.
They wanted to cut down an entire forest to build a factory.
They wanted to deal in gold and silver.
They wanted to die because they didn't manage to please their parents.
They wanted to do better.
They wanted to do everything themselves.
They wanted to do that by themselves.
They wanted to do their jobs properly.
They wanted to dry snow behind the oven and then sell it as salt.
They wanted to dye their hair.
They wanted to earn money.
They wanted to eat pizza.
They wanted to escape on vacation.
They wanted to fight.
They wanted to get drunk.
They wanted to get married as soon as possible.
They wanted to get married as soon as they could.
They wanted to get some media attention.
They wanted to get their children back.
They wanted to get their money's worth.
They wanted to give Koko a new pet.
They wanted to go live with their dad.
They wanted to go live with their dads.
They wanted to go live with their father.
They wanted to go live with their fathers.
They wanted to go there.
They wanted to go to Romania?
They wanted to go with Tom.
They wanted to go, but they couldn't.
They wanted to go, but they didn't.
They wanted to have a fight.
They wanted to help me.
They wanted to help you every time.
They wanted to impress their friends.
They wanted to keep southern states weak.
They wanted to kill Tom by drowning.
They wanted to kill me.
They wanted to kill themselves.
They wanted to know everything about Mary.
They wanted to know how to raise a bilingual child.
They wanted to know more about the accident.
They wanted to know on what grounds he wished to quit.
They wanted to know the time.
They wanted to know what happened.
They wanted to know where Tom was.
They wanted to lead the country ignoring the will of the people.
They wanted to learn Berber.
They wanted to leave as soon as possible.
They wanted to live in peace with the Indians.
They wanted to live on their own.
They wanted to make amends.
They wanted to make him a Muslim.
They wanted to make sure I was going to be there.
They wanted to meet the principal.
They wanted to move here.
They wanted to negotiate the contract on equal terms.
They wanted to oust the communist government of Fidel Castro.
They wanted to pay off their debts.
They wanted to pay off their loan.
They wanted to play with makeup.
They wanted to polish their shoes.
They wanted to protect their families.
They wanted to protect themselves.
They wanted to punish me.
They wanted to re-open the discussion.
They wanted to revive the business.
They wanted to run for class president.
They wanted to say more than they did.
They wanted to see each other.
They wanted to see more pictures of Tom.
They wanted to see their children.
They wanted to sell the house.
They wanted to sell their car.
They wanted to sell their cars.
They wanted to sign the agreement first.
They wanted to stay home by themselves.
They wanted to stay in their houses.
They wanted to stay out of international conflicts.
They wanted to stay.
They wanted to steal the car.
They wanted to succeed in life.
They wanted to take pictures of Kyoto.
They wanted to take things to the next level.
They wanted to talk to their children.
They wanted to talk to their lawyer.
They wanted to talk to their lawyers.
They wanted to teach the kids a lesson.
They wanted to throw out the computer whose software hasn't yet been updated.
They wanted to try new ways of living.
They wanted to turn themselves in.
They wanted to upscale their industrial power.
They wanted to use a sledgehammer to crack a nut.
They wanted to use the restroom.
They wanted to wash their hands.
They wanted to wear their new shoes.
They wanted to win the war quickly and return to normal life.
They wanted to win the war, and win it right away.
They wanted to win, but they couldn't.
They wanted to win, but they didn't.
They wanted us to come.
They wanted you to do this.
They wanted you to think they'd died.
They warmed themselves by the fire.
They warmed themselves in the sun.
They warmed up the bun.
They warmly greeted each other with hugs and smiles.
They warned Mina.
They warned me not to do it.
They warned the ship about the danger.
They warned the ship of the danger.
They warned us of our possible failure in this plan.
They warned us.
They warned you.
They was mesmirized by the many colorful test tubes in the lab.
They was sitting on a bench.
They was standing on the side, just watching the drama unfold.
They wash clothes in the river.
They wash his apples.
They wash lettuce.
They wash the car.
They wash their car every Saturday.
They wash their car every morning.
They wash their car every week.
They wash their car once a week.
They wash their cars every morning.
They wash their cars every week.
They wash their cars once a week.
They wash their hair every day.
They wash their hands all the time.
They wash their hands with soap.
They wash their hands.
They washed the apples.
They washed the dirt off their faces.
They washed the dog.
They washed the loquats.
They washed the potatoes.
They washed their car.
They washed their cars.
They washed their clothes.
They washed their dog yesterday.
They washed their dogs yesterday.
They washed their ears.
They washed their faces and hands.
They washed their faces.
They washed their feet.
They washed their hair.
They washed their hands quickly.
They washed their hands.
They washed their legs.
They washed themselves in the river.
They washed themselves in the stream.
They washed themselves.
They washed your clothes.
They washed your dog.
They waste their money.
They wasted energy.
They wasted money.
They wasted no time.
They wasted time.
They wasted too much time in Paris.
They watch Doctor Who.
They watch PBS.
They watch each other.
They watch football alone.
They watch football.
They watch telly only on Fridays.
They watch that show.
They watch the multicoloured birds.
They watch too much television.
They watched "The Godfather."
They watched TV until they fell asleep.
They watched TV while they ate dinner.
They watched TV yesterday.
They watched Tom carefully.
They watched YouTube videos.
They watched a TV series tonight.
They watched a breathtaking sunset together.
They watched a film.
They watched a romantic comedy.
They watched as the branch bent.
They watched as the sun set behind the mountains.
They watched baseball.
They watched dolphins swimming near the shore.
They watched fireworks.
They watched four hours at night in turn.
They watched from their porch.
They watched from their porches.
They watched her carefully.
They watched her gradually weaken as the disease progressed.
They watched him carefully.
They watched intently.
They watched me in silence.
They watched our play in total awe.
They watched pay-per-view movies in the hotel room.
They watched some rare episodes of their favorite police procedural.
They watched spaghetti westerns all night.
They watched the bird swoop down.
They watched the bird take off.
They watched the dog play.
They watched the geese till it was dark.
They watched the horizon for dust clouds.
They watched the next video.
They watched the runner's triumphant jaunt across the finish line.
They watched the snow fall.
They watched the solemn ceremony in the church with awe.
They watched the stars in silence.
They watched the sun dip below the horizon.
They watched the sunset in silence.
They watched the sunset over the horizon.
They watched the sunset.
They watched the treeline.
They watched their chance.
They watched you carefully.
They water down the beer in that pub.
They water the fruit trees.
They water the plants daily.
They watered the flower garden.
They watered the flowers daily.
They watered their horse.
They watered their sound down for the mainstream.
They waved at us and then we waved back.
They waved at us.
They waved back.
They waved flags all together.
They waved flags to welcome the princess.
They waved good-bye to their parents as the train pulled out.
They waved good-bye with their hands.
They waved goodbye enthusiastically as the train pulled away.
They waved goodbye to Grandma.
They waved goodbye with their hands.
They waved their arms.
They waved their hands and smiled.
They waved their hands.
They waved to everybody they saw.
They waved to everyone they saw.
They waxed their car.
They waxed their cars.
They wear their hair bobbed.
They wear used clothes.
They wear very little clothing.
They wear wigs, don't they?
They weave mats.
They weigh more than Skura does.
They weigh sixty kilograms.
They weigh sixty kilos.
They weigh themselves every morning.
They weigh too much to be moved.
They weighed 70 kilos.
They weighed forty pounds.
They weighed seventy kilograms.
They weighed their options.
They weighed themselves.
They welched on the deal.
They welcomed Tom aboard.
They welcomed as many men as came.
They welcomed everyone.
They welcomed her warmly.
They welcomed him with open arms.
They welcomed him with respect when he came back.
They welcomed me warmly, so I felt at home.
They welcomed the guests.
They welcomed their guests.
They welcomed us with open arms.
They went aboard the plane.
They went across Europe by bike.
They went across the road.
They went after the parade.
They went against my wishes.
They went ahead of all the others.
They went ahead with the plan since there were no objections.
They went ahead with their plan.
They went ahead with their plans.
They went ahead.
They went all out to beat the record, and they succeeded.
They went all together.
They went along and along, but they couldn't seem to find just the right place.
They went along and along, but they couldn’t seem to find just the right place.
They went along the street singing the song.
They went an hour ago.
They went and sat down at a table.
They went around the lake.
They went at each other.
They went away on a second honeymoon for their silver wedding anniversary.
They went away quietly.
They went away without saying a word.
They went away.
They went back and forth all day and part of the night.
They went back home.
They went back into the mountain.
They went back into their offices.
They went back into their room.
They went back into their rooms.
They went back on board.
They went back to Islam.
They went back to Kabylie.
They went back to Taza.
They went back to playing.
They went back to school.
They went back to the car.
They went back to the living room.
They went back to the mountain.
They went back to the woods this morning.
They went back to their bedroom.
They went back to their bedrooms.
They went back to their car.
They went back to their cars.
They went back to their desks.
They went back to their dorm.
They went back to their dorms.
They went back to their farm.
They went back to their farms.
They went back to their hometown.
They went back to their hometowns.
They went back to their hotel room.
They went back to their hotel rooms.
They went back to their hotel.
They went back to their hotels.
They went back to their offices.
They went back to their rooms.
They went back to their seats.
They went back to their writing.
They went back.
They went by bus.
They went by metro.
They went by subway.
They went by themselves.
They went by tube.
They went by underground.
They went by without saying 'hello'.
They went by without saying ’hello’.
They went crazy.
They went dancing after the contest.
They went down into the netherworld.
They went down the slide.
They went down to the country.
They went down to the third floor.
They went downstairs.
They went downtown with their friends.
They went exploring a small cave in Kabylie, Algeria.
They went farther.
They went first.
They went fishing for bream.
They went fishing yesterday.
They went fishing.
They went for a romantic moonlight walk on the beach.
They went for the water slide.
They went forward.
They went from mosque to mosque.
They went from one place to the next.
They went goth.
They went grocery shopping.
They went hand in hand.
They went home after they had finished the task.
They went home and relaxed.
They went home by themselves.
They went home for Eid al-Adha.
They went home to their respective houses.
They went home together, Tess holding one arm of her father, and Mrs Durbeyfield the other. He had, in truth, drunk very little—not a fourth of the quantity which a systematic tippler could carry to church on a Sunday afternoon without a hitch in his eastings or genuflections; but the weakness of Sir John's constitution made mountains of his petty sins in this kind. On reaching the fresh air he was sufficiently unsteady to incline the row of three at one moment as if they were marching to London, and at another as if they were marching to Bath—which produced a comical effect, frequent enough in families on nocturnal homegoings; and, like most comical effects, not quite so comic after all.
They went home.
They went hunting most days of the season.
They went hunting.
They went ice-skating together.
They went in by themselves.
They went in opposite directions.
They went in search of Tom.
They went in search of happiness.
They went in search of treasure.
They went in there.
They went in.
They went inside.
They went into a bus shelter to escape the rain.
They went into the garage.
They went into the great mirrored hall, where they supped, and were served by the officers of the Princess's household.
They went into the hallway.
They went into the restaurant without me.
They went into the woods for a picnic.
They went into the woods.
They went into their bedrooms.
They went into their dressing rooms.
They went jetskiing.
They went livid.
They went off by themselves.
They went on a camping trip.
They went on a cruise and bought jewellery, paid for by Health Canada dollars.
They went on a family camping trip.
They went on a family holiday in their caravan.
They went on a guided tour of the volcanic island.
They went on a hike, though it rained.
They went on a journey through the Scottish islands.
They went on a mission to Mars.
They went on a picnic to the lake.
They went on a snorkeling adventure in the coral reef.
They went on a ten-mile hike through the forest.
They went on a torch procession.
They went on a trip a few days ago.
They went on a trip abroad for the first time.
They went on a voyage.
They went on an expedition to the Antarctic.
They went on an expedition to the North Pole.
They went on arguing for hours.
They went on board a liner.
They went on board the ship.
They went on deck.
They went on doing what they were doing.
They went on eating in silence.
They went on eating without talking.
They went on fighting the fire at the risk of their lives.
They went on many adventures together.
They went on putting aside fallen stones.
They went on stage.
They went on strike for their rights.
They went on talking all night.
They went on talking for hours.
They went on the offensive in the first half.
They went on their honeymoon.
They went on travelling for two days through a great forest, without food or drink, and without coming across a single house, and every night they had to climb up into the trees for fear of the wild beasts that were in the wood.
They went on travelling for two days through a great forest, without food or drink, and without coming across a single house, and every night they had to climb up into the trees through fear of the wild beasts that were in the wood.
They went on vacation to Libya.
They went on vacation together.
They went on walking farther.
They went on welfare.
They went on working for hours.
They went on.
They went out after they finished lunch.
They went out barhopping.
They went out for dinner at an upmarket restaurant.
They went out for dinner at an upscale restaurant.
They went out of sight at last.
They went out of the room very silently.
They went out of the room, one after another.
They went out on their bicycles.
They went out the door.
They went out to Australia seeking gold.
They went out to do their chores.
They went out to eat.
They went out to get the whole kit and caboodle.
They went out to their car.
They went out to their cars.
They went out with their friends.
They went out without me.
They went out.
They went outside.
They went over the road.
They went over there.
They went pale.
They went quiet.
They went rock climbing.
They went round their grandmother's.
They went shopping with Mom.
They went shopping with their families.
They went shopping.
They went silent.
They went skiing during their date.
They went skiing in the mountains.
They went somewhere.
They went straight to bed.
They went straight to their computers to chat.
They went straight to their rooms.
They went surfing.
They went swimming with their friends.
They went swimming.
They went their separate ways.
They went there together.
They went there.
They went three by three.
They went through many things.
They went through the medical check-up.
They went through the woods.
They went through with many difficulties.
They went to Ahnif.
They went to Alexander Hamilton for orders.
They went to Algeria.
They went to America last month.
They went to At Melikeche.
They went to Australia, didn't they?
They went to Australia.
They went to Bible camp.
They went to Boston with Mary.
They went to Boston.
They went to Boudafal.
They went to Chicago by car.
They went to Disney World.
They went to Edinburgh to escape from the summer heat.
They went to Germany, France and England.
They went to Ibiza.
They went to Italy for their honeymoon.
They went to Kabylie in August.
They went to Kabylie the next day.
They went to Kabylie together.
They went to Kabylie without me.
They went to Kyoto last year.
They went to Mary's place.
They went to Mom's room.
They went to New Zealand.
They went to Paris by way of Calais.
They went to Sao Paulo.
They went to Spain to study in the university.
They went to Tottori.
They went to Van Buren's house for dinner.
They went to Van Buren’s house for dinner.
They went to a Kabyle music concert.
They went to a bar.
They went to a fortune teller.
They went to a huge rodeo in Nashville.
They went to a little restaurant.
They went to a motel.
They went to a pretty big school.
They went to a resort in the mountains last summer.
They went to a restaurant.
They went to a swanky hotel.
They went to a tattoo shop.
They went to all the bars.
They went to an expensive restaurant for lunch.
They went to bed late.
They went to bed very late.
They went to buy a bike.
They went to buy a motorcycle.
They went to buy a shovel.
They went to check.
They went to church on Christmas Eve.
They went to church.
They went to collect wood.
They went to college, didn't they?
They went to complain about us.
They went to forget.
They went to get dried sausage.
They went to get some help.
They went to get some ice cream.
They went to get the chutney.
They went to get their stuff.
They went to great lengths to resolve the problem.
They went to high school in Algeria.
They went to high school.
They went to honeymoon in Algeria.
They went to live in a weeny-teeny little yellow house in Bolingbroke.
They went to night school.
They went to play in the park after school.
They went to school early.
They went to school every day.
They went to school this afternoon.
They went to school this morning.
They went to school together.
They went to sleep happy.
They went to that place in Algeria.
They went to that school.
They went to the United States last month.
They went to the attic to draw.
They went to the beach.
They went to the boy's rescue.
They went to the boy’s rescue.
They went to the bus stop, and the bus took off.
They went to the cemetery by themselves.
They went to the cinema yesterday.
They went to the city for college.
They went to the community pool.
They went to the construction site despite the fact that it was prohibited.
They went to the construction site despite the prohibition.
They went to the desert.
They went to the front of the mansion.
They went to the funeral.
They went to the hospital.
They went to the library.
They went to the mall, where they ate and watched a movie.
They went to the manicure.
They went to the maritime museum.
They went to the market.
They went to the mosque to pray.
They went to the mosque together.
They went to the mosque.
They went to the mountain, but the weather was not good.
They went to the mountains, but the weather wasn't nice.
They went to the movies last night.
They went to the museum of natural history.
They went to the music festival.
They went to the old dune to watch the surfers.
They went to the park by themselves.
They went to the park the next morning.
They went to the park with their dog.
They went to the park with their dogs.
They went to the park.
They went to the party.
They went to the pharmacy.
They went to the post office to mail a letter.
They went to the post office.
They went to the public swimming pool.
They went to the register to pay.
They went to the restaurant hand in hand.
They went to the side of the stage.
They went to the station by car.
They went to the station today.
They went to the station.
They went to the swimming pool.
They went to the theater with Skura.
They went to the zoo by bus yesterday.
They went to the zoo.
They went to their bedrooms.
They went to their parents' house.
They went to their parents' place.
They went to their rooms to study.
They went to their rooms.
They went to war in those days.
They went to work in nearby fields.
They went to work.
They went together.
They went trudging across the desert.
They went under.
They went underground for a while.
They went up the stairs.
They went up to the attic.
They went upstairs into the little room, where all looked just as it used to do. The old clock was going "tick, tick," and the hands pointed to the time of day, but as they passed through the door into the room they perceived that they were both grown up, and become a man and woman.
They went upstairs to their bedroom.
They went upstairs to their bedrooms.
They went upstairs to their rooms.
They went upstairs.
They went upstream.
They went well.
They went whale watching.
They went with Mina.
They went with the same academic path.
They went with their parents.
They went with us to the field.
They went with us.
They went without knowing where.
They went wrong.
They wept when the dog died.
They were Algerian.
They were FBI.
They were Muslim.
They were Muslims.
They were OK.
They were Spaniards.
They were Spanish.
They were Yanni's kids.
They were a beautiful family.
They were a bit embarrassed.
They were a bit late.
They were a good group as a whole.
They were a great success.
They were a match made in heaven.
They were a mess.
They were a rich, noble family, born in affluence and nurtured in luxury.
They were a team.
They were abandoned by their mother.
They were abandoned by their parents.
They were abandoned.
They were abducted.
They were able to answer all the questions.
They were able to be silent together. This was what bound them.
They were able to buy what they needed.
They were able to defend themselves.
They were able to do it on their own.
They were able to do that by themselves.
They were able to do that on their own.
They were able to extend their visas.
They were able to fix the computer.
They were able to flank the enemy.
They were able to get their jobs back.
They were able to get their own way.
They were able to identify him by his wrist watch.
They were able to live as they wanted in Massachusetts.
They were about 25 cents a pound cheaper.
They were about to announce the jackpot.
They were about to give up hope.
They were about to leave when I arrived there.
They were about to start the pyrotechnic show.
They were about to walk to school.
They were above me.
They were absent from school because they were ill.
They were absolutely sure of themselves.
They were absorbed in their talk.
They were abused constantly.
They were accepted by the school.
They were accepting guests.
They were accompanied by a carter, a second man, and a boy, who now kicked a large stone behind one of the wheels, and allowed the panting animals to have a long rest, while those in charge took a flagon off the load and indulged in a drink round.
They were accompanied by their parents.
They were accompanied.
They were accused of supplying arms to terrorists.
They were acting on their own.
They were acting strangely.
They were active.
They were acts of war.
They were admirable things for the observer — excellent for drawing the veil from men’s motives and actions.
They were admiring themselves.
They were adopted.
They were adults.
They were advancing.
They were advised to force back the flames using water.
They were afforded the opportunity to work for the government.
They were afraid of Muslims.
They were afraid of Tom's reaction.
They were afraid of Tom.
They were afraid of being overheard.
They were afraid of that big dog.
They were afraid of the big dog.
They were afraid of the teacher.
They were afraid of you.
They were afraid that they might be deported.
They were afraid that they might be evicted.
They were afraid that they might be expelled.
They were afraid that they might be fired.
They were afraid that they might be laid off.
They were afraid that they might die.
They were afraid that they might get evicted.
They were afraid that they might get fired.
They were afraid that they were going to die.
They were afraid that you had made a mistake.
They were afraid their way of life would soon end.
They were afraid they might be deported.
They were afraid they might be evicted.
They were afraid they might be expelled.
They were afraid they might be fired.
They were afraid they might be laid off.
They were afraid they might get evicted.
They were afraid they might get fired.
They were afraid they were going to die.
They were afraid they'd be late.
They were afraid they'd lost their keys.
They were afraid to do it by themselves.
They were afraid to tell their parents.
They were afraid we wouldn't get there.
They were afraid, weren't they?
They were afraid.
They were after Tom.
They were after her.
They were after him.
They were after me.
They were after them.
They were after us.
They were after you.
They were afterwards seen together upon the platform.
They were against everything I wanted to do.
They were agog to hear the latest news.
They were airlifted.
They were alarmed at the news.
They were all actors.
They were all against me.
They were all agog for the news.
They were all annihilated.
They were all anxiously waiting for the passing of this Bill.
They were all at the table.
They were all busy.
They were all by themselves.
They were all charmed by her song.
They were all crazy.
They were all crying.
They were all dead.
They were all democratically elected.
They were all destroyed.
They were all done up like clowns.
They were all dressed in uniforms.
They were all dressed up as clowns.
They were all dying with fright.
They were all ears for the news.
They were all ears while the pianist was playing.
They were all exterminated.
They were all fed up with the noise.
They were all found.
They were all friends as children.
They were all friends.
They were all fully grown, manly men.
They were all good stories.
They were all good swimmers.
They were all great men.
They were all guilty.
They were all happy.
They were all here.
They were all hoarse from shouting.
They were all hungry.
They were all hysterical.
They were all in Kabyle dresses.
They were all in accord.
They were all in convulsions of laughter.
They were all in high spirits when they set out on their travels.
They were all innocent.
They were all looking for the missing child.
They were all mad at us.
They were all moved.
They were all muscled and sweaty.
They were all out of apples, so I bought some bananas instead.
They were all outside.
They were all over each other.
They were all perfectly matched. The men had the same height and wore similar clothes.
They were all right.
They were all scared.
They were all shrieking with fear.
They were all smiling.
They were all so tired that they could do nothing but yawn.
They were all sold out.
They were all staring at Ziri.
They were all strong men.
They were all students, as I came to know from their talks.
They were all surprised to see me there.
They were all teachers.
They were all the same age as Bruno.
They were all there.
They were all tired out.
They were all waiting for me to say something.
They were all waiting for me.
They were all waiting impatiently for the break.
They were all weak.
They were all wearing seat belts.
They were all worried.
They were almost entirely Muslim.
They were almost run over by a truck.
They were almost starving.
They were almost two days without eating, so much were they transported with joy. They broke above a dozen laces in trying to lace themselves tight, that they might have a fine, slender shape, and they were continually at their looking-glass.
They were alone in the dark.
They were alone in the library.
They were alone.
They were already falling for Mina.
They were already in a full-on argument.
They were alright.
They were also asked.
They were always being invited here.
They were always good competition.
They were always good friends.
They were always good to their children.
They were always good to their kids.
They were always late.
They were always making jokes.
They were always playing.
They were always sus.
They were always together.
They were amazed at his courage.
They were amazing.
They were ambidextrous.
They were ambushed.
They were among the first people to settle here.
They were among the passengers of the ill-fated steamer Norah Creina, which was lost some years ago with all hands upon the Portuguese coast, some leagues to the north of Oporto.
They were amused by what they saw.
They were an essentially modern-looking couple as they sat there.
They were an on-again-off-again couple.
They were angered at his decision.
They were angrier.
They were angry about several things.
They were angry at each other.
They were angry at his not coming to the meeting.
They were angry to find the door locked.
They were angry with Skura.
They were angry.
They were annoyed.
They were anxious I would help them.
They were anxious about his health.
They were apprehensive that the situation would worsen.
They were approaching.
They were arguing about money.
They were arguing about same-sex marriage.
They were arguing about something very important.
They were arguing about where to go on holiday.
They were arguing about who should sit in front.
They were arguing for hours.
They were arguing over the phone.
They were arguing with each other for hours.
They were arguing.
They were armed to the teeth.
They were around.
They were arrested along with their friends.
They were arrested at their home.
They were arrested at their homes.
They were arrested for helping him get away.
They were arrested for theft.
They were arrested immediately.
They were arrested.
They were artists, not biologists.
They were as poor as church mice.
They were ashamed of themselves.
They were asked about the accident.
They were asked to leave for burning an effigy on the school lawn.
They were asking a lot of good questions.
They were asking questions about Tom.
They were asking to speak to somebody named Carol.
They were asking to speak to someone named Carol.
They were asking, and Tom was answering their questions.
They were asleep in their rooms.
They were asleep when they were shot.
They were asleep.
They were assaulted.
They were assembling an atomic bomb.
They were assimilated into the Berber population.
They were astonished by what they saw.
They were at Mom's side.
They were at a party.
They were at a restaurant today.
They were at each other's throats.
They were at high school.
They were at home by themselves all day.
They were at school when their father came.
They were at the airport to say goodbye to him.
They were at the airport to see her off.
They were at the airport to see him off.
They were at the bottom of the scheme.
They were at the bottom of the stairs.
They were at the party, weren't they?
They were at the railway station.
They were at the right place at the right time.
They were at the station.
They were at the train station.
They were attacked on the street.
They were attacked.
They were attacking against overwhelming odds.
They were attacking people, not peaceful people.
They were attracted to each other like moths to a flame.
They were available.
They were avoiding standing too close to each other.
They were aware of the difficulties.
They were back in Algiers during the summer break.
They were back in the dance group.
They were backpacking.
They were bad students.
They were badly in need of water.
They were badly injured in a car accident.
They were badly off at that time.
They were badly off in the village.
They were barefoot.
They were barely seen at home.
They were barking at the wrong tree.
They were barred from entering Algeria.
They were based on goods which the members of a society recognized as having value.
They were beasts in human skins and not true men at all.
They were beaten constantly.
They were beggars.
They were begging him to come to Kabylie.
They were begging.
They were beginning to lose faith in their commander.
They were beheaded.
They were behind a computer screen.
They were being aggressive.
They were being stubborn.
They were being tortured.
They were being very optimistic.
They were beside themselves.
They were better than I expected.
They were better than us last year.
They were bewildered.
They were beyond cruel.
They were biting like crazy yesterday.
They were bitten.
They were blessed.
They were blinking angrily at each other.
They were blowing up my phone, so I turned notifications off.
They were bluffing.
They were bored with their jobs.
They were bored.
They were boring.
They were born Muslim.
They were born in Algeria.
They were born in Algiers.
They were born in Tacuarembó.
They were born in Thailand.
They were born one month apart in 1970.
They were born privileged.
They were born somewhere else.
They were born to parents with very different personalities.
They were born to the CEOs of a multi-billion dollar aerospace company.
They were both Canadians.
They were both Muslim.
They were both arrested.
They were both born in Algeria.
They were both complaining about Tom.
They were both completely exhausted.
They were both deported from Algeria.
They were both dirty.
They were both drunk.
They were both happy.
They were both naked.
They were both orphaned when they were three.
They were both raised Muslim.
They were both scared.
They were both sentenced to death.
They were both silent for a long time.
They were both silent for a while.
They were both slightly embarrassed.
They were both smitten with her.
They were both so charming, and they loved each other so much, that every one was delighted at the match.
They were both so cute!
They were both staring at me.
They were both throwing bottles at each other.
They were both tired.
They were both under the age of consent.
They were both wide awake.
They were both wise and incorruptible men.
They were both young and attractive.
They were bound to each other by a love stronger than any impulses which could have marred it.
They were breastfeeding their babies.
They were broke.
They were broken.
They were brought out accordingly, and the executioners were just going to throw them into the tub, when the King, who was not so soon expected, entered the court on horseback and asked, with the utmost astonishment, what was the meaning of that horrible spectacle.
They were brought up in luxury.
They were brushing down the horse.
They were building a new neighborhood on the other side of the creek.
They were building the bridge when I came to see you.
They were bullied by their classmates.
They were bullied when they were kids.
They were bullied.
They were burdened with heavy taxes.
They were buried in a mass grave.
They were buried.
They were burned at the stake.
They were burning with enthusiasm.
They were busy developing new solar cells.
They were busy with housework.
They were busy working for social reforms.
They were busy.
They were buying time.
They were called names.
They were called out three times last night.
They were called.
They were calm in the face of disaster.
They were calm.
They were careful crossing the courtyard.
They were careful when traversing the forest.
They were careful.
They were carelessly unaware of the danger.
They were carried away by the police.
They were carrying a huge sign.
They were carrying guns.
They were caught by surprise, as they weren't prepared at all.
They were caught in a blizzard.
They were caught in a shower on the way.
They were caught in an embarrassing situation.
They were caught in friendly fire.
They were caught off-guard.
They were caught on camera kissing.
They were caught red-handed.
They were caught smoking.
They were caught with some of the haul.
They were caught.
They were certainly enjoying themselves.
They were chanting something in Berber.
They were chased.
They were chasing Linda.
They were chatting at the back of the class all the way through the lesson.
They were chatting in Berber.
They were chatting on the campus.
They were chatting to each other.
They were cheerful.
They were chilling.
They were choosing from the pictures.
They were chosen at random.
They were chosen.
They were clearing the snow from the sidewalk with a shovel.
They were close friends during their school years.
They were close-knit friends.
They were closed.
They were closing the gate.
They were clothed.
They were coaches.
They were collecting information.
They were coming close.
They were coming down.
They were coming to see Mom.
They were coming to the door.
They were committed to maintaining law and order in the city.
They were communists in the former political system.
They were companions on the journey.
They were compelled to postpone their departure.
They were completely forgotten.
They were completely gone.
They were completely surprised.
They were completely unharmed.
They were complicit in those murders, and this I'll prove to you during the course of the trial.
They were condemned without trial!
They were confronted with many problems.
They were confused.
They were confusing the students.
They were conservative men.
They were considered special.
They were considering something different.
They were constantly fighting over money.
They were constantly laughing.
They were constantly quarreling.
They were consumed with worry for them.
They were contract killers.
They were convicted.
They were convinced that Tom wanted to kill them.
They were cooking dinner.
They were cooking eggs.
They were cooking lunch.
They were cooperative.
They were correct.
They were coughing.
They were counting on sneaking in to the venue unobserved.
They were cousins.
They were covered in blood.
They were covered in scabs.
They were covered.
They were cowards for not talking about that.
They were cowards.
They were cracking up.
They were crammed in there like sardines in a can.
They were crazy for each other.
They were creeps.
They were criticising each other.
They were criticizing each other.
They were crossing on foot.
They were crossing the road.
They were crossing the street.
They were crying in pain.
They were crying.
They were cuddling on the couch.
They were cursed and killed.
They were cursing.
They were cussing at each other.
They were cut off from food supplies.
They were cut off in the middle of their telephone conversation.
They were cute.
They were damaged.
They were dancing a lot!
They were dancing at work.
They were dancing on the beach.
They were dancing to Kabyle music.
They were dancing to the music.
They were dancing with the music.
They were dancing.
They were dating.
They were dead drunk.
They were dead.
They were deaf.
They were deceiving the people.
They were decorating the house.
They were dedicated.
They were deep in the red and closed up shop.
They were defeated in battle.
They were defeated.
They were defending the village.
They were defending themselves.
They were definitely hard to convince.
They were delayed due to heavy snowfall.
They were delegates from India to the U. N.
They were delighted at the good news.
They were demanding more economic freedom and further political rights.
They were denigrating Muslim women.
They were denigrating Muslims.
They were denigrating the hijab.
They were deported after their belongings had been confiscated.
They were depressed.
They were deserters.
They were desperate to get to Europe.
They were desperate.
They were destined never to meet.
They were determined to get rid of Tom at any cost.
They were determined to travel the length of Vietnam in just eight days.
They were different in those days.
They were different.
They were dining.
They were dirty.
They were disadvantaged.
They were disappointed that you could not come.
They were disappointed, weren't they?
They were disappointed.
They were discharged.
They were discontented.
They were discussing the plans for the party.
They were disfigured.
They were disfiguring their enemies.
They were disfiguring themselves.
They were disgusted by his offensive jokes.
They were disgusted by the taste of the food.
They were dismissed from their jobs.
They were dismissed.
They were disrespectful to them.
They were disrespectful, weren't they?
They were disrespectful.
They were disrespecting Mina.
They were distraught.
They were disturbed.
They were divorced two years later.
They were dizzy.
They were doing OK.
They were doing construction work outside my office building.
They were doing drugs.
They were doing eighty kilometers and they passed us.
They were doing exactly what Tom was doing.
They were doing something.
They were doing their job on the computer.
They were doing what they loved.
They were done trying to make Dad happy.
They were done trying to make Mom proud.
They were done, but Skura wasn't.
They were down.
They were drafted.
They were drawn to each other by a magnetic attraction.
They were drawn to each other like magnets.
They were dreaming.
They were dressed in Algerian traditional clothes.
They were dressed.
They were drinking champagne.
They were drinking cola.
They were drinking dry white wine.
They were drinking.
They were driven out by the pogroms, but they've done well.
They were driving all day.
They were driving the entire day.
They were drooling.
They were drunk.
They were dumbfounded by the news of his resignation.
They were dying out.
They were dying.
They were eager for the game to begin.
They were eager to get started.
They were eager to learn Berber.
They were early for their appointment.
They were early for their appointments.
They were eaten by a dragon.
They were eating and chatting.
They were eating beans.
They were eating spaghetti.
They were eating.
They were educated at a state school.
They were elderly men, and had genial voices.
They were elected to the Senate in 2008.
They were embarrassed by the incident.
They were embarrassed.
They were embraced on the floor.
They were encouraged not to let their cattle roam freely.
They were enemies.
They were engaged in a heated argument.
They were engaged in friendly banter.
They were engaged.
They were enjoying themselves.
They were entertaining themselves in the sand.
They were entranced by that voice.
They were entrepreneurs.
They were erected to commemorate a certain event or to tell an ancestral legend.
They were established to celebrate a certain event or to tell an age-old legend.
They were evacuated by force.
They were evacuated by helicopter.
They were evacuated to Algeria.
They were evacuated.
They were even more interested in his beautiful wife.
They were even scared of a rope bitten by the snake.
They were everywhere.
They were evicted from their apartment.
They were evicted from their apartments.
They were evicted without notice.
They were evicted.
They were evil.
They were exaggerating.
They were excellent.
They were excited about their travel plans.
They were excited at the game.
They were excited at the news.
They were excited over the news.
They were excited over their travel plans.
They were excited to buy those products.
They were excited to meet Jamal.
They were excited.
They were executed.
They were exhausted.
They were expected to score an easy victory, but it proved anything but easy, if one might even call that a victory at all.
They were expecting more.
They were expelled from school for fighting.
They were experimenting on the bear.
They were explaining that.
They were exposed to Islam.
They were exposed to the enemy's gunfire.
They were exposed to the enemy’s gunfire.
They were extremely anxious about them.
They were extremely delighted.
They were extremely excited.
They were extremely pleased with the result.
They were facing the bedroom door.
They were fainting.
They were fake.
They were familiar with a good portion of that airport.
They were family.
They were famous.
They were far away.
They were fat the last time I saw them.
They were fearless.
They were feeling.
They were fighting and arguing.
They were fighting for hours.
They were fighting on the street.
They were fighting with each other like beasts over a cigarette.
They were fighting.
They were filming giraffes.
They were finally able to catch him.
They were finally living the life they had always imagined.
They were finally out of things to talk about.
They were fine.
They were fined for running a red light.
They were finished.
They were fired from their jobs.
They were firm.
They were first cousins.
They were first.
They were fishing.
They were flabbergasted.
They were floating.
They were flown to Algeria.
They were flushed with success.
They were flying.
They were following Mina.
They were following different streets.
They were following him.
They were fond of each other from the outset.
They were fooled.
They were fooling themselves.
They were for the most part high school students.
They were for the most part young girls.
They were for the most part young people.
They were forced back into the forest.
They were forced to embed their agent in order to dismantle the terrorist organization.
They were forced to face the future.
They were forced to kill and eat several of their horses.
They were forced to leave the country.
They were forced to leave the house against their will.
They were forced to leave.
They were forced to resign.
They were forced to return to the South.
They were forced to sell their farm.
They were forced to sell their farms.
They were forced to withdraw.
They were forced to work on Friday.
They were forecasting rain for today.
They were forgotten, but not lost.
They were forgotten.
They were found dead in their beds.
They were found dead.
They were found unharmed.
They were framed.
They were free at that moment.
They were free to return to their homes.
They were free.
They were freed to work for themselves.
They were freezing.
They were friends at first.
They were friends.
They were frightened by the storm.
They were frightened.
They were from Algeria.
They were from Australia.
They were from Boston.
They were from Liverpool.
They were from a filthy rich family.
They were from the same province.
They were frozen to death.
They were frustrated.
They were full of an unexplainable longing to be humiliated and insulted.
They were fully armed.
They were fully clothed.
They were furious with Skura.
They were gazing at that girl from afar.
They were genuinely tired after working all day long.
They were gesticulating.
They were getting by until the U.N. and its partner agencies, like the Norwegian Refugee Council, ran into funding shortfalls last year and most rations were cut in half.
They were getting dressed.
They were getting made fun of.
They were getting married.
They were getting on in years now.
They were getting ready to go to bed when I rang their doorbell at 11pm.
They were getting undressed.
They were gifted tickets to an amazing waterpaker.
They were girding for the exam.
They were given a chance.
They were given a hearty welcome.
They were given an ultimatum.
They were given another chance.
They were given enough time.
They were given four thousand dollars.
They were given one more chance.
They were given over to drinking.
They were giving away free stuff.
They were giving food to the poor for free.
They were giving me weird looks.
They were glad they got there early.
They were glad to see me.
They were gluten-intolerant.
They were going back home.
They were going to come themselves.
They were going to do that themselves.
They were going to hang Tom.
They were going to hang her.
They were going to hang him.
They were going to hang you.
They were going to invite Mom to the party.
They were going to kill Tom.
They were going to kill her.
They were going to kill him.
They were going to kill you.
They were going to lose.
They were going to shoot Tom.
They were going to shoot her.
They were going to shoot him.
They were going to shoot you.
They were going upstream.
They were gone to never be seen again.
They were gone.
They were good at school.
They were good at their jobs.
They were good kids.
They were good opponents.
They were good rivals at go.
They were good.
They were graduating middle school.
They were grateful to have any food at all.
They were grateful.
They were great adversaries.
They were great friends.
They were great.
They were greeted.
They were grieved by the illness of their aunt.
They were growing.
They were handcuffed.
They were hanging on her words.
They were hanging on to the metal bar.
They were hanging out with the wrong crowd.
They were hanging out.
They were hanging tight until the police came to rescue them.
They were hanging up the laundry.
They were happy and had many children.
They were happy at first, but then the bubble burst.
They were happy in their home.
They were happy to be home again.
They were happy together.
They were happy when I told them.
They were happy when they heard the good news.
They were happy.
They were harassed from all sides.
They were hard to convince.
They were having a conversation they didn't want anyone else to hear.
They were having a discussion about the wedding.
They were having a picnic in the meadow.
They were having breakfast.
They were having fun on the sand.
They were having fun playing computer games.
They were having fun playing video games.
They were having lunch together.
They were having lunch.
They were having marriage problems.
They were having so much fun.
They were having the time of their lives.
They were heading upstream.
They were healthy.
They were heard singing.
They were held at a military base.
They were held up in a traffic jam for half an hour.
They were helped.
They were her favorite flower.
They were here earlier, weren't they?
They were here last week.
They were here not long ago. They'll probably be back soon.
They were here yesterday.
They were here, weren't they?
They were here.
They were heroes.
They were hesitant.
They were hidden.
They were hiding in a closet.
They were hiding in plain view.
They were high school sweethearts.
They were highly attuned to the possibility of there being scheduling issues.
They were highly delighted with the invitation, and wonderfully busy in choosing the gowns, petticoats, and head-dresses which might best become them.
They were hiking up a hill.
They were hindered in their study.
They were hired.
They were hiring interns.
They were hit.
They were holding their ground.
They were home earlier.
They were home-schooled.
They were home.
They were homeless and slept on park benches.
They were homeless at the time, but they always tried to help other people out.
They were homozygotic twins.
They were honest.
They were honeymooning in Algeria.
They were hopeless.
They were hoping they could do that.
They were hoping they could win.
They were hoping they'd win.
They were hoping to contribute in their spare time.
They were hoping we'd do that for them.
They were horrified by what happened.
They were horror stricken at the news.
They were hostile to any attempt at reconciliation.
They were hostile to any attempts at rapprochement.
They were hot.
They were humiliated.
They were hung up in a traffic jam for half an hour.
They were hungry.
They were hunting for bodies among the ruins.
They were hurt.
They were identical twins.
They were identified.
They were ignorant men.
They were ill.
They were immigrants.
They were important leaders who loved their country.
They were impressed by what they saw.
They were impressed with what they saw.
They were in Berlin.
They were in Egypt last year.
They were in Joe's class last year.
They were in Joe’s class last year.
They were in Kabylie at the time.
They were in Kabylie.
They were in Mexico.
They were in a bad mood as we left the restaurant.
They were in a car accident.
They were in a coma.
They were in a dead heat for first.
They were in a hurry to get home.
They were in agreement.
They were in an accident.
They were in diving suits.
They were in her way.
They were in high school back then.
They were in high school.
They were in large numbers.
They were in love.
They were in middle school.
They were in pain.
They were in perfect health.
They were in space suits.
They were in such a hurry to start riding.
They were in that room with me all night.
They were in the accident, too.
They were in the bathroom.
They were in the city.
They were in the conference room, waiting.
They were in the meadow, making hay.
They were in the midst of an escape.
They were in the office, doing the regular clean.
They were in the right place at the right time.
They were in the room by themselves.
They were in the shower.
They were in their bedrooms, studying.
They were in their bedrooms.
They were in their beds asleep.
They were in their offices all morning.
They were in their offices at that time.
They were in their thirties.
They were in this hole together, and he might well need the blubbery loudmouth's help to get out—if there were any way to get out.
They were in thrall to the charismatic leader.
They were in time for their appointment.
They were in time for their appointments.
They were in trouble.
They were inappropriately speaking their native language instead of Esperanto.
They were incestuous.
They were incredibly close.
They were indifferent.
They were infected.
They were informed.
They were injured in a car accident.
They were injured.
They were insane.
They were insanely jealous.
They were inscribing the memorial with the soldiers' names.
They were inseparable from the start.
They were insulted.
They were insulting Linda.
They were intelligent.
They were interested in Islam.
They were interested.
They were interrupted by a knock on the door.
They were invited to the amusement park.
They were invited to the party, too.
They were invited, but they didn't come.
They were involved in a money laundering scheme.
They were involved.
They were ironing their pants.
They were irresponsible.
They were jealous of each other.
They were jealous of her perfect figure.
They were jealous.
They were joking about retiring.
They were jumping about in excitement.
They were just average.
They were just being themselves.
They were just breathing.
They were just crying.
They were just doing their duty.
They were just doing their job.
They were just doing their jobs.
They were just gambling.
They were just having nightmares.
They were just here.
They were just in time.
They were just laughing.
They were just lucky.
They were just playing.
They were just practising.
They were just sitting at home, watching cartoons.
They were just soldiers.
They were just taking a walk.
They were just there to pick up the kids.
They were just thinking about the kids' future.
They were just too different.
They were just trying to help Mom.
They were just trying to help.
They were just walking together.
They were kept naked in their cells.
They were kept there for observation.
They were kicked out of school on their birthday.
They were kicked out of the band.
They were kicked out of the mosque.
They were kidnapped.
They were kids.
They were killed horrifically.
They were killed just because they were Europeans and Christians.
They were killed just because they were not whites.
They were killed.
They were killing themselves laughing.
They were kind enough to assist us.
They were kind to me despite us being strangers.
They were kind to me even though we had no connection or relationship.
They were kind.
They were kissing freely in front of the others.
They were kissing in the backyard.
They were kissing in the office.
They were kissing passionately in front of the other people.
They were kissing.
They were knocking.
They were known far and wide.
They were labeled radicals.
They were laid off.
They were last to arrive.
They were late because of the storm.
They were late because they overslept.
They were late for dinner.
They were late for school because it was raining hard.
They were late for school.
They were late for the press conference.
They were late for their appointments.
They were late in the lab with the professor.
They were late to the café.
They were late.
They were laughing at me.
They were laughing constantly.
They were laughing like crazy.
They were laughing.
They were laundering money in Algeria.
They were laundering the dirty money in Algeria.
They were lazy.
They were learning the Quran.
They were learning.
They were leaving Japan the next day.
They were led astray.
They were left alone together.
They were left behind enemy lines.
They were left behind.
They were left speechless.
They were left to babysit.
They were left to fend for themselves.
They were left with only a glimmer of hope.
They were left with residual feelings of guilt even though they knew they had done nothing wrong.
They were like inseparable.
They were like that when we got them.
They were like two ships that pass in the night.
They were limping.
They were listening in on the phone call.
They were listening to him, not understanding what he really meant.
They were listening to the fight behind the front door.
They were listening to the lecture attentively.
They were listening to the radio.
They were listening.
They were livid.
They were living a safe life in Algeria.
They were living in Nagoya then.
They were living there.
They were located.
They were locked in a passionate embrace.
They were locked up.
They were lonely.
They were looking at Skura's dog.
They were looking at a picture.
They were looking at a pretty rose.
They were looking at me weirdly.
They were looking at themselves in the mirror.
They were looking for a fight.
They were looking for a girl.
They were looking for a place at which they could pitch the tent.
They were looking for jobs.
They were looking for me in the village.
They were looking for their locker keys.
They were looking for their son. Luckily, the found him.
They were looking for trouble.
They were looking forward to Tom's arrival.
They were looking on the beautiful garden.
They were looking.
They were lost at sea, at the mercy of wind and weather.
They were lost but didn’t panic.
They were lost in the pages of that book.
They were lost.
They were loving, caring parents.
They were low enough in cost so many Americans could buy them.
They were lucky Tom didn't hurt them.
They were lucky that Tom didn't hurt them.
They were lucky the game went into extra time because they ended up winning.
They were lucky they could do that.
They were lucky to find their keys.
They were lucky.
They were lying on the grass.
They were lying on the lawn.
They were lying the whole time.
They were lying to Dad all this time.
They were lying to Tom, they are lying to us as well.
They were lying to us.
They were lying to you the whole time.
They were lynched on the streets.
They were mad at Skura.
They were mad.
They were made of rough brown leather.
They were made redundant.
They were making a fool of me.
They were making a hell of a noise.
They were making fun of Islam and Muslims.
They were making fun of Tom.
They were making fun of that boy.
They were making good money.
They were making great progress in architecture.
They were making small talk in Berber.
They were making violent threats.
They were male and female first cousins.
They were managing the house.
They were manipulative.
They were marooned on a desert isle.
They were married in Algiers.
They were married in October of 1975.
They were married.
They were massacring people in Australia.
They were mean to the kids.
They were meant for each other.
They were mediocre.
They were members of the Nation of Islam.
They were members of the local governments.
They were members of the middle class.
They were messed up.
They were mine.
They were mining when it collapsed.
They were miserable.
They were mistaken, weren't they?
They were modestly dressed.
They were more comfortable with they/them than anything else.
They were more or less surprised at the news.
They were more than happy.
They were most attentive to his speech.
They were mostly women.
They were motivated by revenge.
They were moved.
They were moving to Algiers.
They were moving.
They were much higher.
They were mugged on their way home.
They were mumbling to themselves.
They were mumbling.
They were murdered in their beds.
They were murdered in their sleep.
They were murdered.
They were my friends.
They were my patients.
They were naive.
They were naked.
They were natural.
They were nearly killed themselves.
They were neck-and-neck until the final sprint.
They were needed in South America.
They were negative.
They were neglecting themselves.
They were negotiating with Tom for three hours.
They were never alone.
They were never favored to win.
They were never seen together.
They were never to meet again.
They were never to return to their country.
They were never to see each other again.
They were nice to each other.
They were nice.
They were none the wiser from their experience‎.
They were normal kids.
They were normal.
They were nose to nose.
They were not a handsome family; they were not well dressed; their shoes were far from being water-proof; their clothes were scanty; and Peter might have known, and very likely did, the inside of a pawnbroker's. But they were happy, grateful, pleased with one another, and contented with the time; and when they faded, and looked happier yet in the bright sprinklings of the Spirit's torch at parting, Scrooge had his eye upon them, and especially on Tiny Tim, until the last.
They were not able to respect their new lord.
They were not afraid to speak up.
They were not allowed to leave the house.
They were not amused.
They were not at all like average Americans.
They were not at school because they were ill.
They were not aware that I was not there.
They were not brave at all.
They were not breastfed by their mother.
They were not brother and sister, but they loved each other almost as much as if they had been.
They were not brother and sister, but they loved each other as much as if they had been.
They were not careful when they crossed the forest.
They were not convinced by my arguments.
They were not democracies; women, slaves, and the propertyless could not vote.
They were not dirty!
They were not disappointed.
They were not especially good pupils at school.
They were not forty children conducting themselves like one, but every child was conducting itself like forty.
They were not ill.
They were not impressed.
They were not in class yesterday.
They were not invited.
They were not listening to music.
They were not lying.
They were not permitted to cross into Canada.
They were not pleased.
They were not prepared.
They were not ready.
They were not right.
They were not speaking Spanish.
They were not sure whether they could come or not.
They were not sure.
They were not sympathetic.
They were not taking care of themselves.
They were not told what the professors had written in their letter of reply.
They were not watching TV.
They were notified.
They were nowhere to be found.
They were numerous.
They were obsessed with detail.
They were of a respectable family in the north of England.
They were offended.
They were offered the job of messenger.
They were offered their jobs back.
They were offering discounted tickets.
They were old.
They were on a camping trip.
They were on a mission to space.
They were on board the same airplane.
They were on call to assist during any emergency situation.
They were on duty by turns.
They were on sale.
They were on television last week.
They were on the lookout for a storm.
They were on the radio.
They were on the ship at 2.30 a.m.
They were on the slide.
They were on the team.
They were on the verge of tears before you got here.
They were on their knees.
They were on their way back up to bed.
They were on their way out into the taiga to cut wood and hew timbers under a guard of Cossacks.
They were on vacation last July.
They were on vacation last October.
They were one of my favorite bands in high school.
They were only interested in selling books.
They were only playing.
They were only smiling.
They were opening the gate.
They were opening.
They were oppressed from all sides.
They were ordered to fire at will.
They were organized.
They were originally farmers.
They were out all night dancing and drinking.
They were out late drinking.
They were out of breath after swimming across the river.
They were out of control.
They were out of ideas.
They were out shopping.
They were out with their friends.
They were outraged by his lies.
They were outraged.
They were outside.
They were overjoyed.
They were pacifists.
They were paid.
They were painting in the living room.
They were panting.
They were parachuted deep into enemy territory.
They were part of the accident.
They were part of the effort to fight organized crime.
They were part of the effort to maintain peace and order.
They were passing through Whitby when they decided to stop to get some fish and chips.
They were passionate about the products they made.
They were passionately in love.
They were peaceful.
They were perfect.
They were persecuted.
They were photographed.
They were picking at girls.
They were pieces of paper, cut in the size of bills.
They were pioneers in the investigation of cancer.
They were pioneers of space flight.
They were pirates.
They were placed in a sterile plexiglass box for observation.
They were plain folk.
They were plainly dressed.
They were planning a day at the beach.
They were planning on wrecking the company's software.
They were planting a tree.
They were planting trees.
They were playing a game of checkers.
They were playing a joke on her.
They were playing baseball in the park.
They were playing checkers.
They were playing football.
They were playing footsie under the table.
They were playing guitar in the barn.
They were playing guitar.
They were playing in a tiny venue in Las Vegas.
They were playing in the sand.
They were playing music on the subway.
They were playing music.
They were playing sports all afternoon. Etienne played very well.
They were playing tennis.
They were playing together at the playground.
They were playing too loud.
They were playing.
They were pleased at the birth of their first child.
They were pleased to see Skura.
They were pleased with the gift.
They were pleased.
They were plowing their soil.
They were pointing to that elderly lady.
They were polar opposites: one was honest and reliable, whilst the other was unpredictable and irresponsible.
They were poor, so they couldn't afford to send him to school.
They were popular at school.
They were powerless.
They were praying in public.
They were praying in the mosque.
They were praying.
They were predicting this would happen.
They were prepared for any contingency.
They were preparing for the rehearsal.
They were present.
They were pressuring us to sign that contract.
They were presumed extinct by the 1880's, after being exploited by hunters and whalers seeking to use the animals' thick layer of blubber as an oil source.
They were pretty busy themselves.
They were pretty old.
They were pretty small.
They were pretty tired after having worked all day.
They were pretty upset.
They were primarily interested in the creation of the universe.
They were probably drunk anyway.
They were probably rich.
They were professional killers.
They were prohibited from leaving the hotel.
They were promptly surrounded by policemen, who tried to break up the demonstration.
They were provided with bathrooms and electric lighting.
They were provoked.
They were pulling into the driveway by 7 p.m.
They were punished for doing that.
They were punished for lying.
They were punished for their crimes.
They were punished.
They were pupils I could not bear.
They were pupils I could not keep in hand.
They were pupils that were too much to handle.
They were pupils that were too much to manage.
They were put in prison.
They were put in the jungle.
They were put on the wait list.
They were qualified.
They were quiet at school.
They were quite beside themselves with joy.
They were quite pleased with themselves.
They were quite unanimous in agreeing that the Senhor Mathias Araujo, the hotelkeeper at Thomar, could not have received the letter or he would certainly have sent the carriage, of that there could be no doubt whatever.
They were quivering.
They were raised Muslims.
They were raised as Muslim.
They were raised by nannies.
They were ranged against the king.
They were raped.
They were reading a comic book.
They were reading books to the kids.
They were reading in the closet.
They were reading the Quran.
They were reading the menu.
They were ready for action.
They were ready for any possibility.
They were ready for school.
They were ready for that.
They were ready to respond to any urgent situation.
They were ready to run the risk of being shot by the enemy.
They were ready.
They were real hurt.
They were really Italy's main problem.
They were really annoyed.
They were really close.
They were really cold.
They were really concerned.
They were really cut from the same cloth.
They were really drunk.
They were really excited.
They were really happy.
They were really hurt.
They were really nice.
They were really unlucky.
They were really weird.
They were rebellious.
They were receiving the guests.
They were reciting the Quran.
They were reckless.
They were recording.
They were refused admission into the cinema because they were too young.
They were registered.
They were rehearsing.
They were rejected.
They were released recently.
They were released.
They were relocated to Algiers.
They were reluctant to go by themselves.
They were reluctant to leave.
They were reluctant, but they agreed.
They were renovating the library in 2013.
They were reported missing to the police.
They were reported missing.
They were reported.
They were requested to sing another song.
They were rescued by a passing ship.
They were rescued by helicopter.
They were rescuing Tom for two hours.
They were responsible for restoring peace and order.
They were responsible for the accident.
They were resting.
They were resurrected.
They were returned to the concentration camp.
They were rewarded.
They were rich as well as happy.
They were ridiculously expensive.
They were riding a poney.
They were riding back on a horse.
They were riding their bikes.
They were right about everything.
They were right about love.
They were right about that.
They were right here.
They were right to laugh at him.
They were right, weren't they?
They were right.
They were robbed of all their money.
They were rude, weren't they?
They were ruining their clothes.
They were running all around the house.
They were running out of the park.
They were sacked.
They were sad because Tom hadn't come.
They were safe.
They were said to have been in a bad way.
They were sanguine about the company's prospects.
They were satisfied with the meals.
They were satisfied with the result.
They were satisfied.
They were saying something in Japanese.
They were scammed.
They were scandalously silent.
They were scared at the sight of the ghost.
They were scared of that big dog.
They were scared of the teacher.
They were scared of you.
They were scared out of their wits.
They were scared to be alone all the time.
They were scared to do it.
They were scared to go by themselves.
They were scared.
They were scattered in all directions.
They were school children then.
They were schoolchildren then.
They were scolded by the teacher.
They were scratched.
They were screaming for someone to help.
They were screaming.
They were searched.
They were seated at a table in a restaurant.
They were seated at the kitchen table.
They were seated side by side under an oak, and, having once tasted of the pleasure of kissing, were unable to cease their endearments.
They were seen going.
They were seen here last week.
They were seen leaving.
They were seen to go out.
They were seen.
They were selected.
They were selling fridges.
They were selling refrigerators.
They were sent away.
They were sent into certain death.
They were sent to the principal's office today.
They were sentenced to death by stoning.
They were sentenced to death.
They were separated by ten steps.
They were separated into two groups.
They were serious mad at the kids.
They were serious, weren't they?
They were serious.
They were servants.
They were severely injured in a car accident.
They were severely mistreated.
They were sexually abused.
They were sexually violated.
They were shaking.
They were shocked by what they saw.
They were shocked.
They were shopping and Tom was paying.
They were short-haired.
They were shorthanded.
They were shot dead.
They were shot in the back.
They were shot.
They were shouting at me in Berber.
They were shoveling the snow away.
They were shovelling snow.
They were shown the door.
They were shown to their seats.
They were shrieking with delight.
They were shunned by society.
They were shy.
They were sick, so they didn't come.
They were sick.
They were silent for a moment.
They were silent.
They were silhouettes against the horizon.
They were silhouettes on the horizon.
They were simply doing their jobs.
They were singing the national anthem.
They were singing.
They were single all their lives.
They were sipping their margaritas.
They were sisters, the four teachers I had in primary school, in the years 1940 (Iracema), 1941 (Helena), 1942 (Corália) and 1943 (Miriam).
They were sitting all by themselves.
They were sitting around the coffee table.
They were sitting around the table.
They were sitting at either end of the couch, looking at each other as if some question had been asked, or was in the air, and every vestige of embarrassment was gone.
They were sitting at our computer, working.
They were sitting between their parents.
They were sitting in the yard, eating pudding.
They were sitting next to a box, crying.
They were sitting on a bench outside the house, waiting for Tom.
They were sitting on a bench.
They were sitting on that beach.
They were sitting on the branch.
They were sitting on the grass.
They were sitting on the sofa in our living room.
They were six beautiful children, but the youngest was the prettiest of all, her skin was as soft and delicate as a roseleaf, her eyes as blue as the deepest sea, but like all the others she had no feet, and instead of legs she had a fish's tail.
They were skiing.
They were skipping school.
They were slaughtered by dragons.
They were sleeping in the same room.
They were sleeping.
They were slow.
They were smart.
They were smeared by the media.
They were smiling at the kids.
They were smiling.
They were smoking cigars.
They were smoking.
They were snowbirds who always spent winters in Texas, and summers in Wisconsin.
They were snowed in for a whole week.
They were so angry at Dad.
They were so angry they could spit nails.
They were so busy they didn't realize what time it was.
They were so busy they didn’t realize what time it was.
They were so busy they skipped lunch.
They were so busy.
They were so confused.
They were so cute together.
They were so cute, those two.
They were so different from you.
They were so different.
They were so embarrassed and they ran away in tears.
They were so excited.
They were so frightened that they couldn't move an inch.
They were so frightened that they couldn’t move an inch.
They were so furious.
They were so good at riding.
They were so happy to be together again.
They were so happy to get money again.
They were so happy together.
They were so heavy.
They were so judgmental.
They were so lucky to have that old car.
They were so nice to Tom.
They were so playful.
They were so poor that they had little money to buy food with.
They were so proud of that progress.
They were so proud of their beautiful park, they had never let people even walk on the grass; and now this bold man actually dared to propose that they should put swings and teeter boards and tennis courts right where the grass was most beautiful!
They were so rude.
They were so terrified that they hid behind one another, and said: "Good-morning, granny; our step-mother has sent us to wait upon you, and serve you."
They were so terrified.
They were so tired of that life.
They were so worried they were going to call the police.
They were so young at the time of their father's remarriage that they always thought of her as their own mother.
They were so young.
They were sold as photocopy books in Comic Market 67. We had no problem selling all of them, so we had bound copies made.
They were sold to an Algerian recycler.
They were soldiers.
They were somewhere else.
They were sorrowfully silent.
They were speaking Berber around me.
They were speaking Berber.
They were speaking German.
They were speaking a foreign language, possibly Berber.
They were speaking a language that I didn't recognize.
They were speaking in Berber, but I couldn't make out what they were saying.
They were speaking in a Southern dialect.
They were speaking in a language that I didn't recognize.
They were speaking in a low voice.
They were speaking in riddles.
They were spending a lot of time together.
They were spending money.
They were spending so much time together.
They were spoiled, as might have been expected.
They were spotted.
They were spreading rumors.
They were squeezed against each other.
They were stabbed in the back.
They were standing face to face.
They were standing in a line.
They were standing in a queue.
They were standing in a row.
They were standing in the middle of the mosque.
They were standing still with their eyes wide open.
They were standing.
They were staring at the kids from the kitchen.
They were staring at us, like we were aliens.
They were starting to doubt themselves.
They were starved to death.
They were staying in the United States after their visa had run out.
They were stealing from strangers.
They were stealing money for decades.
They were stealing.
They were still breathing.
They were still in college at that time.
They were still mad at Mom.
They were still together.
They were still young when they got married.
They were stopped and arrested.
They were stopping passers-by.
They were stranded on a deserted island.
They were strange books.
They were strange.
They were strangled.
They were strict.
They were strolling side by side.
They were struck on their own territory.
They were stubborn.
They were stuck for hours in a traffic jam.
They were stuck in that situation.
They were stuck in the elevator for four hours.
They were stuck in the elevator for two hours.
They were stuck in the mud.
They were students.
They were studying.
They were stung by wasps.
They were stung.
They were stunned after finding out about his resignation.
They were stunned by what they heard.
They were stunned by what they saw.
They were stupid not to follow your advice.
They were subjected to terrible conditions.
They were successful in solving the problem.
They were successful.
They were suddenly aware of a noise in the back of the room.
They were suddenly overcome with passion.
They were suffering, and nobody cared.
They were suffering.
They were suing the company.
They were sunbathing on the balcony.
They were sunbathing on the beach.
They were sunning themselves on the balcony.
They were supportive of the project.
They were supposed to be at the game.
They were supposed to be here at nine.
They were supposed to have been done by lunchtime.
They were supposed to have gotten married in May, but they didn't.
They were supposed to have gotten married in May.
They were supposed to have the party at the apartment.
They were supposed to help Tom.
They were supposed to protect you.
They were supposed to start five minutes ago.
They were supposed to watch over Tom.
They were sure he would always fail.
They were sure of themselves.
They were sure that everybody saw them.
They were sure that they could do that again.
They were sure that they could win.
They were sure they could do it again.
They were sure they could do that again.
They were sure they could win.
They were sure they had done the right thing.
They were sure.
They were surprised at the city's rapid growth.
They were surprised at the city’s rapid growth.
They were surprised by the café's menu.
They were surprised by what they saw.
They were surprised to hear the news.
They were surprised when I told them.
They were surprised, weren't they?
They were surprised.
They were surrounded by their friends.
They were suspected.
They were suspended from school.
They were suspended upside down.
They were suspicious of him, and not without reason.
They were swearing at each other at the top of their voices.
They were swimming against the tide.
They were swimming.
They were symptoms of the earthquake.
They were taken by surprise.
They were taken prisoner.
They were taken to a psychiatric hospital.
They were taken to the concert.
They were taken.
They were taking care of Grandma.
They were taking care of a girl from India and a boy from Italy.
They were taking different streets.
They were talented.
They were talking about Esperanto.
They were talking about Kabyle dresses.
They were talking about a divorce.
They were talking about me like I wasn't even there.
They were talking about me.
They were talking about their engagement.
They were talking about them.
They were talking about themselves.
They were talking about you.
They were talking business.
They were talking from 8 to 10 o'clock.
They were talking from 8 to 10 o’clock.
They were talking in Berber.
They were talking in their sleep.
They were talking to each other.
They were talking to themselves.
They were talking together like old pals.
They were tangled in a dispute between friends.
They were teaching their children Russian.
They were teasing Linda.
They were terribly hungry.
They were terribly upset.
They were terrified of that basement.
They were terrified once they were told they were assigned as partners for this mission.
They were terrorizing people.
They were tested.
They were testing a new weapon.
They were texting in Berber.
They were thankful to have a therapist who was sensitive to their needs.
They were the first to get into the bus.
They were the good old days.
They were the handsomest couple in London, and had not a penny-piece between them.
They were the last to arrive.
They were the losers.
They were the nation's biggest business.
They were the nation’s biggest business.
They were the native New Zealanders before the Western people came.
They were the nightmare of the elderly.
They were the ones who gave it to her.
They were the ones who gave it to him.
They were the ones who were hungry.
They were the only ones in the library.
They were the only ones present there.
They were the perfect match.
They were the worst.
They were there for a while.
They were there with some other motive in mind which she still didn't know about.
They were there with some other motive in mind which she still didn’t know about.
They were there, weren't they?
They were there.
They were thin.
They were thinking about how to get him out of there.
They were thinking of getting an SUV.
They were thirsty.
They were thought to have died many years before.
They were thoughtless, weren't they?
They were thrashed.
They were threatened.
They were three and they were all armed.
They were three tall guys.
They were thrilled.
They were through with work.
They were thrown from their horses.
They were thrown in prison.
They were thrown off the bike and landed on the pavement.
They were thrown off the motorbike.
They were thrown out of school.
They were tiny.
They were tired after their visit to the museum.
They were tired of waiting.
They were tired, but happy.
They were tired.
They were to clean out the building last week.
They were to have been married last month.
They were to have cleaned out the building last week.
They were to have got married in May.
They were to meet here at seven.
They were together again.
They were together once more.
They were together three years.
They were together.
They were told by their doctor to remain in bed.
They were told that they couldn't do that.
They were told that they couldn't win.
They were told that they had to do that.
They were told that they needed to do that.
They were told that they should do that.
They were told that they shouldn't do that.
They were told that they were too short.
They were told they couldn't do that.
They were told they couldn't win.
They were told they had to do that.
They were told they needed to do that.
They were told they should do that.
They were told they shouldn't do that.
They were told they were too short.
They were told to do that by themselves.
They were told to play in the nearby park.
They were told to stay on the ship.
They were too afraid to do anything.
They were too busy for the kids.
They were too busy to deal with the kids.
They were too close to the door to close it.
They were too different.
They were too naive to understand the necessity of studying.
They were too scared to tell Dad.
They were too shy to talk to people.
They were too tired to climb a mountain.
They were too tired to fight.
They were too tired to work any more.
They were too young for smartphones.
They were tortured horrifically.
They were tortured to death.
They were tortured.
They were tossing Ziri's prosthetic arm around, laughing.
They were totally drenched with sweat.
They were tough.
They were trained to respond to emergencies at a moment's notice.
They were traitors.
They were trampled by the crowd.
They were transferred from one office to another.
They were trapped.
They were traumatized.
They were traveling.
They were travelling across Europe by bike.
They were travelling to Windsor.
They were treated for hypothermia.
They were treated unfairly.
They were treating me so rudely that I suddenly just lost it.
They were tricked.
They were tried in federal courts.
They were tried.
They were troubled deeply by the changes they saw.
They were true patriots.
They were truly happy.
They were trusted to make good decisions.
They were trying their darndest to act natural, but once in a while one of them would slip.
They were trying to break out of that prison.
They were trying to compete with MrBeast.
They were trying to control their anger.
They were trying to feed the kids.
They were trying to find the girl.
They were trying to fly a kite, but the wind wasn't on their side.
They were trying to kill Tom.
They were trying to kill her.
They were trying to kill him.
They were trying to kill you.
They were trying to protect us.
They were trying.
They were turned away without wages.
They were turned out of doors.
They were two fatherless boys.
They were two identical guys.
They were two in number.
They were ugly.
They were unable to conceal their anger.
They were unable to control their anger.
They were unable to explain themselves.
They were unable to have any children, but they adopted that child.
They were unable to help her.
They were unable to help him.
They were unable to help me.
They were unable to help us.
They were unable to hide their reactions.
They were unable to hide their tears.
They were unable to meet our demands.
They were unable to prise open the box because it was too rusty.
They were unable to restrain themselves.
They were unanimous that the war should be brought to a halt.
They were uncomfortable.
They were unconscious.
They were under the magical influence of the night.
They were under the shower.
They were under the yoke of a tyrant.
They were undressed when I came in.
They were undressing.
They were unfair to him.
They were unfair.
They were unfamiliar with that airport.
They were unfriendly, weren't they?
They were ungrateful.
They were unhappy with Islamic rule.
They were unharmed.
They were unimpressed.
They were unlucky, weren't they?
They were unlucky.
They were unmanageable pupils.
They were unprepared.
They were unrecognizable.
They were unsure what they should do.
They were unwilling or otherwise unable to participate.
They were unwilling to go by themselves.
They were up.
They were upset about that.
They were upset with Skura.
They were upset.
They were urgent in their demand.
They were used.
They were using Mina.
They were vacant apartments or homes.
They were vandalizing the car.
They were verbally abusive to Mary.
They were very aggressive, weren't they?
They were very amused.
They were very angry, weren't they?
They were very annoyed.
They were very appreciative.
They were very assertive.
They were very busy.
They were very calm.
They were very cheap a few years ago.
They were very compatible.
They were very concerned.
They were very confused.
They were very considerate.
They were very convincing, weren't they?
They were very demanding.
They were very difficult days.
They were very dirty when they got home.
They were very excited.
They were very friendly, weren't they?
They were very glad to please them, but they danced to please themselves (or at least you would have supposed so); and you could no more help admiring, than they could help dancing.
They were very good as a couple.
They were very grateful.
They were very happy together.
They were very happy when we arrived.
They were very happy with the new CDs.
They were very happy.
They were very hungry.
They were very kind to me when I was at their house.
They were very kind to me.
They were very late, weren't they?
They were very loud.
They were very nice.
They were very patient, weren't they?
They were very persuasive, weren't they?
They were very polite with me.
They were very polite.
They were very poor.
They were very popular.
They were very pretty.
They were very professional.
They were very proud of themselves.
They were very reckless, weren't they?
They were very respectful.
They were very rude, weren't they?
They were very saddened to hear of his death.
They were very sarcastic, weren't they?
They were very shocked.
They were very strict.
They were very stubborn, weren't they?
They were very sure that they had to do that.
They were very sure they had to do that.
They were very talkative, weren't they?
They were very tall.
They were very tired indeed.
They were very tired, hungry, and thirsty that night.
They were very unhappy, weren't they?
They were very welcoming.
They were very well-read individuals.
They were very well-read people.
They were victims of a miscarriage of justice.
They were victorious.
They were vulnerable.
They were waiting for Tom.
They were waiting for her.
They were waiting for him.
They were waiting for me at home.
They were waiting for the gate to open.
They were waiting for the go-ahead.
They were waiting for the rain to stop to go out on the street.
They were waiting for the signal to start.
They were waiting for us.
They were waiting to be rescued.
They were waiting, hoping for news.
They were waiting.
They were walking along the street arm in arm.
They were walking alongside each other.
They were walking down the aisle.
They were walking on all fours.
They were walking out of the diner.
They were walking three abreast.
They were walking through the corridors of one of the private dormitories where the boy roomed.
They were walking through the market.
They were walking to school.
They were walking together.
They were walking towards the airport’s exit.
They were walking two abreast.
They were walking two hundred meters in advance.
They were walking under a brilliant moonlight.
They were wallowing in the mud.
They were wanted.
They were washing clothes.
They were washing the sand off their feet.
They were washing up.
They were watching Al-Jazeera in Algiers, Algeria.
They were watching Linda.
They were watching YouTube.
They were watching a film.
They were watching an old black-and-white movie on TV.
They were watching for the signal to start.
They were watching from the shadows.
They were watching television.
They were watching the sunset then.
They were weak and broken in spirit.
They were weak.
They were wealthy.
They were wearing Kabyle dresses.
They were wearing clothes.
They were wearing orange.
They were wearing prison jumpsuits.
They were wearing shorts.
They were wearing their new hats.
They were weighed down like packhorses.
They were welcoming the guests.
They were well liked by their teammates.
They were well-trained and well-supplied.
They were well.
They were wet.
They were where they said they'd be.
They were whispering around that he frequently steals office supplies.
They were whispering.
They were whistling in the dark.
They were white.
They were wild men, bursting ever and anon into quarrel, into all kinds of fierce sincerity; without right worth and manhood, no man could have commanded them.
They were willing to speak to me in Berber.
They were winning.
They were with Tom in front of the house.
They were with some girls when I saw them.
They were with you in every event.
They were woefully unprepared.
They were wonderful.
They were words he had spoken without thinking.
They were working all day.
They were working crazy hours.
They were working in the vegetable garden with Mom.
They were working the whole day.
They were working there.
They were working.
They were worried about Skura.
They were worried about getting caught.
They were worried about their children.
They were worried about their grades.
They were worried about their health.
They were worried sick about them.
They were worried that they'd get lost.
They were worried they'd get lost.
They were worried.
They were wrangling.
They were wrong about that.
They were wrong and I told them so.
They were wrong, of course.
They were wrong, weren't they?
They were wrong.
They were yelling at the principal.
They were yelling for help.
They were yet speaking, and behold Rachel came with her father's sheep; for she fed the flock.
They were young and foolish.
They were young.
They were your friends, weren't they?
They were your teachers, weren't they?
They were yours.
They were, for the most part, college students.
They were, in fact, sheltered, but they had ceased to remember it.
They were, so to speak, casualties of war.
They were, though, badly wrong because their samples were skewed.
They weren't able to agree on anything.
They weren't able to defend themselves.
They weren't able to discover any secrets.
They weren't able to explain themselves.
They weren't able to find a sliver of information on Santiago.
They weren't able to find their shoes.
They weren't able to pass on that tradition unto the next generation.
They weren't able to start their cars.
They weren't able to swim.
They weren't able to understand each other.
They weren't afraid.
They weren't all boys.
They weren't allowed to come today.
They weren't allowed to ride horses in town.
They weren't angry.
They weren't around.
They weren't ashamed.
They weren't at home yesterday.
They weren't at home, were they?
They weren't at home.
They weren't at school because they were ill.
They weren't being supervised.
They weren't bluffing.
They weren't breastfed by their mother.
They weren't busy, were they?
They weren't busy.
They weren't careful while crossing the square.
They weren't careful.
They weren't cold.
They weren't convinced by that.
They weren't disappointed.
They weren't doing anything wrong.
They weren't drunk.
They weren't enemies.
They weren't enjoying themselves.
They weren't especially good pupils at school.
They weren't even a part of the family.
They weren't exactly the best of friends.
They weren't expecting me to help them.
They weren't expecting to run into Dad.
They weren't fighting, were they?
They weren't fighting.
They weren't from Boston.
They weren't going to go to bed.
They weren't great people.
They weren't happy here.
They weren't happy with what they saw.
They weren't here earlier, were they?
They weren't home yesterday, were they?
They weren't home.
They weren't home?
They weren't hungry.
They weren't hurt in the accident.
They weren't ill.
They weren't impressed by what they saw.
They weren't impressed.
They weren't in class yesterday.
They weren't in their bedrooms.
They weren't in their rooms this morning.
They weren't in their rooms.
They weren't into singing.
They weren't invited.
They weren't kidding.
They weren't laughing then.
They weren't listening to music.
They weren't listening.
They weren't lying.
They weren't made for work.
They weren't much help.
They weren't paying me much.
They weren't prepared for that.
They weren't prepared.
They weren't punished for what they did.
They weren't quite themselves today.
They weren't ready for love.
They weren't ready for that.
They weren't ready.
They weren't really enjoying themselves.
They weren't right.
They weren't satisfied with the result.
They weren't serious, were they?
They weren't sick.
They weren't sleeping, were they?
They weren't sleeping.
They weren't so sure of themselves.
They weren't so sure themselves.
They weren't speaking French.
They weren't still asleep, were they?
They weren't strong enough to help us.
They weren't sure how they could help.
They weren't sure if there were any survivors from the shipwreck.
They weren't sure of it.
They weren't sure that they could do that.
They weren't sure that they could win.
They weren't sure that they had to do that.
They weren't sure that they liked the plan.
They weren't sure that they should do that.
They weren't sure they could do that.
They weren't sure they could win.
They weren't sure they had to do that.
They weren't sure they liked the plan.
They weren't sure they should do that.
They weren't sure what they should do.
They weren't sure.
They weren't sympathetic.
They weren't talking about Tom.
They weren't telling us the truth.
They weren't that interested in sports.
They weren't there, were they?
They weren't there.
They weren't thrilled at the idea.
They weren't told they couldn't do that.
They weren't told they should do that.
They weren't very assertive, were they?
They weren't very enthusiastic about getting an SUV.
They weren't very good at school.
They weren't very talkative, were they?
They weren't very well prepared.
They weren't warned of the tidal wave.
They weren't watching TV.
They weren't wearing their hats.
They weren't wearing their new coats.
They weren't wearing their seat belts.
They weren't wearing their uniforms then.
They weren't wearing their uniforms.
They weren't wearing their wedding rings.
They weren't well-educated.
They weren't where they should've been.
They weren't willing to go by themselves.
They weren't with me.
They weren't worried about their grades.
They weren’t able to discover any secrets.
They weren’t able to pass on that tradition unto the next generation.
They weren’t at home yesterday.
They weren’t warned of the tidal wave.
They wet their lips with their tongues.
They which play with the devil's rattles will be brought by degrees to wield his sword.
They whisper in the streets and in the squares that we’re going to get divorced soon.
They whispered among themselves.
They whispered to each other.
They whispered.
They whistled as they worked.
They whistled for the dog.
They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety.
They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
They widened the road.
They widened this road last year.
They will accept your proposal.
They will accompany you.
They will agree on that.
They will all come back on Wednesday at three p.m.
They will all come tomorrow.
They will already be at the airport.
They will already be closed.
They will already be shut.
They will announce the winner tomorrow.
They will applaud you.
They will arrive a week from today.
They will arrive at six, and then we will all have dinner.
They will arrive at the train station in seven hours.
They will arrive later.
They will arrive.
They will ask Tom.
They will ask you about the party.
They will ask you why you want to become a teacher.
They will assign a guardian for him.
They will assist us.
They will attack with full force.
They will be able to survive in one way or another.
They will be accepted by their peers in adulthood.
They will be arrested and judged for crimes against humanity.
They will be arrested by the police.
They will be arriving by train at eleven.
They will be back in force.
They will be back within a week.
They will be back.
They will be coming every morning.
They will be cooking for you.
They will be eliminated.
They will be evicted in July.
They will be fighting for the championship this time tomorrow.
They will be filming at Nuja’s school.
They will be forced to beg in the streets.
They will be furious.
They will be glad to see you, I am sure.
They will be happy to teach you about God and will help you and encourage you.
They will be here any minute.
They will be here by sunset.
They will be here for at least a week.
They will be important.
They will be in Budapest from Monday to Sunday.
They will be in their offices all morning.
They will be jealous.
They will be loved.
They will be pleased to see you.
They will be proud of themselves.
They will be punished.
They will be safe with her.
They will be safe with him.
They will be safe with me.
They will be sick.
They will be sleepy.
They will be staying here for several days.
They will be surprised to hear the news.
They will be surprised to see you here.
They will be taken good care of.
They will be there, too.
They will be tired.
They will be two in one flesh.
They will be used for making people happy.
They will be valuable.
They will be very afraid.
They will be very glad.
They will be waiting for you to call them.
They will be working hard on the field tomorrow.
They will begin distributing free syringes and needles to drug users.
They will boycott that product.
They will bring Tom.
They will bring you together with benevolent language.
They will build you a statue.
They will bury us all.
They will bury us.
They will buy a record.
They will buy some bread.
They will care for him.
They will carry you.
They will catch up with the lead runner soon.
They will catch you.
They will certainly catch the thief sooner or later.
They will certainly kill us.
They will certainly pass.
They will change it.
They will come back one day.
They will come before long.
They will come for Tom.
They will come in April.
They will come look for Tom after school.
They will come to an agreement among themselves if possible.
They will come yelling at the mess you've made.
They will come.
They will congratulate you.
They will consider this.
They will contact us before mid-day.
They will contact us before midday today.
They will contribute greatly to the growth of the town.
They will create an alliance.
They will cut down on their expenses.
They will debate the question tomorrow.
They will demand a lot of effort. But, if you're up to doing the work, they can change your life as they changed mine.
They will demolish the building and replace it with a park.
They will destroy three-quarters of humanity.
They will die if we don't help them.
They will die.
They will discuss it.
They will dispatch four charter buses to pick everyone up.
They will do all they can.
They will do that.
They will do their best.
They will do their utmost.
They will do what I tell them.
They will do what they can.
They will drive Skura to the airport.
They will drive to London.
They will eat a delicious duck.
They will eat beans.
They will eat my delicious cherries.
They will eat our bread.
They will eat your bananas.
They will eat your bread.
They will eat your delicious cherries.
They will eat your raspberries.
They will eat your strawberries.
They will fall in love with each other.
They will fight with great courage to protect the encampment.
They will figure out the location from the surveillance footage.
They will file a complaint with the Kabyle government.
They will find a cure for my disease.
They will find a solution together.
They will find out sooner or later.
They will find them in the end.
They will find them.
They will finish serving their sentence next month.
They will fix it.
They will follow Tom.
They will follow her.
They will follow him.
They will follow you.
They will forget each other.
They will gather you with positive speech.
They will get Tom as much money as he needs.
They will get exhausted from running.
They will get married in due course.
They will get married next month.
They will get the worst beating of their lives.
They will get these.
They will get up a party for Tom's birthday.
They will get up a party for Tom’s birthday.
They will give a conference tonight.
They will give the can another big kick down the road.
They will give us the answer in five or six days.
They will give us time to gather more information.
They will give way to you if your opinion is reasonable.
They will go for a walk.
They will go shopping.
They will go there with me.
They will go to North America.
They will go to any lengths to destroy linguistic diversity.
They will go to the hospital.
They will go to the store the week after next.
They will go to the woods to pick mushrooms, weather permitting.
They will hammer their swords into ploughshares and their spears into sickles. Nation will not lift sword against nation, no longer will they learn how to make war.
They will harvest their wheat in July.
They will have a good laugh when they see you like this.
They will have a moon-viewing party tomorrow.
They will have a party for her 15th wedding anniversary.
They will have achieved their goal.
They will have arrived at Morioka by noon.
They will have arrived there before you start.
They will have been dealt with.
They will have been in America for ten years next year.
They will have been in the United States for ten years next year.
They will have been staying here for two months next Sunday.
They will have closed.
They will have difficulty in achieving their goal.
They will have dinner.
They will have gone to school by eight tomorrow morning.
They will have less free time next week.
They will have money, you will not have the land.
They will have placed the billboard on that building's facade before July ends.
They will have shut.
They will have their wedding tomorrow.
They will have to cut down their expenses.
They will have to learn to cope with it, but they will have lost a part of themselves, and there is no getting it back.
They will have value.
They will have vertigo.
They will help the poor.
They will help us.
They will help you to get warm.
They will help.
They will hide it.
They will highlight various aspects of mobile services in Bangladesh.
They will hold a meeting at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
They will hold talks tomorrow.
They will infiltrate our network unless we do something to stop them.
They will insist on her staying there longer.
They will keep their promise.
They will keep those sweets.
They will kill me.
They will kill the hope on him.
They will kill us.
They will kill you all.
They will kill you and feed you to the dogs.
They will lay another scheme.
They will let her know.
They will like it.
They will live forever.
They will lodge by twos and threes in lonely farmhouses.
They will look at beautiful flowers.
They will look at beautiful hens.
They will look at my beautiful chicken.
They will look up to him as their benefactor.
They will lose weight.
They will lose.
They will make an assault on the summit, weather permitting.
They will make it.
They will make us regress.
They will make you happy.
They will make you slaves.
They will meet Lwiza tomorrow.
They will meet at the old café tomorrow.
They will meet face to face.
They will meet tomorrow.
They will miss the train.
They will need credit for their mobile phones.
They will need to reduce their expenditures.
They will need to rest.
They will never accept each other.
They will never accept. It's too far.
They will never accept; it's too far.
They will never accept; it’s too far.
They will never again let fear stop them from doing what they want.
They will never agree.
They will never find us.
They will never forget this moment.
They will never forgive me.
They will never have enough money.
They will never leave.
They will never relinquish power willingly.
They will never save his life again.
They will never understand you.
They will never use a computer again.
They will not accept any excuses for not joining the meeting.
They will not accompany the children to school.
They will not be at school tomorrow afternoon.
They will not be beholden to special interests.
They will not be looking for us here.
They will not consent to your proposal.
They will not die.
They will not do it.
They will not eat meat.
They will not give the prize to her.
They will not like this game.
They will not pass!
They will not sanction copying without permission.
They will not stand for such treatment.
They will not succeed in laughing at his expense.
They will not succeed in laughing at my expense.
They will not succeed in laughing at our expense.
They will not succeed.
They will not wash the dishes.
They will notify Tom.
They will notify her.
They will notify him.
They will obliterate the opposition.
They will only receive legal sanction in the event that they are accepted by the first international congress of Esperantists to which this work, along with its preamble, is presented.
They will order a new desk.
They will organize a labor union.
They will outlast us all.
They will outlive us all.
They will paint the fence tomorrow.
They will pay by cheque.
They will pay.
They will phone their mother-in-law.
They will present me with the annual accounts.
They will probably handle this well.
They will probably have many psychological problems as a result, and that would be worse in the long run.
They will protect you.
They will punish all of us.
They will put the project into operation next spring.
They will quake with fear.
They will reach a mutual understanding if there's a means.
They will read a book.
They will recall him.
They will refuse to listen to you.
They will regret their decision.
They will release the hostages.
They will relinquish power and dismantle the single-party state.
They will remember him.
They will reminisce about him.
They will rent an apartment with a view of the sea.
They will resolve it among themselves.
They will return to the country.
They will return with him.
They will return.
They will run to us again.
They will run.
They will sail for Bombay next Monday.
They will save us.
They will say 'Aha!'.
They will say your car is very lovely.
They will see each other tomorrow at 5. Maria called yesterday.
They will see me again another day.
They will send us lumber.
They will set limits for her.
They will set limits for him.
They will set sail for Bombay next Monday.
They will set up a new company.
They will set us back a century.
They will settle it between them.
They will shiver from fear.
They will shiver with fear.
They will show the city to the tourists.
They will sing a song.
They will sleep well tonight.
They will speak Kabyle.
They will speak in foreign languages.
They will speak.
They will start crying.
They will starve to death.
They will survey the desert island.
They will survive.
They will take advantage of this occasion to maintain an informal conversation.
They will take down the house in a day.
They will take it.
They will take the 8:30 train.
They will take the garlic.
They will talk to us tomorrow morning.
They will tear down the old building in two days.
They will tear you to pieces!
They will tell you that you will go gaga when you grow older. What they do not tell you is that you will not miss it very much.
They will threaten you.
They will tire of running.
They will travel by car.
They will tremble with fear.
They will trust you.
They will try it.
They will try to beat us with brute force.
They will turn to Sidi-Aïch.
They will understand each other if there's a way.
They will understand.
They will unite you with kind words.
They will use an innovative technique to perform such a task.
They will vote.
They will wait for us.
They will wash dishes.
They will wash the potatoes.
They will wash your apples.
They will win, since their military is renowned for its discipline.
They will win.
They willingly took that risk.
They win hands down!
They winked at each other in a fraction of a second.
They wiped away their tears.
They wiped out an entire species.
They wiped out entire villages.
They wiped out the enemy.
They wiped the door clean.
They wiped their eyes.
They wiped their feet on the doormat.
They wiped their feet on the mat.
They wiped their foreheads.
They wiped their hands on their jeans.
They wish for them to accompany them.
They wish that they could fly.
They wish that they could speak French.
They wish that they hadn't done that.
They wish that they hadn't won.
They wish that they'd done that, too.
They wish that they'd done that.
They wish that they'd won.
They wish they could fly.
They wish they could speak French.
They wish they had a bigger car.
They wish they had a larger office.
They wish they had bigger cars.
They wish they had larger offices.
They wish they hadn't done that.
They wish they hadn't won.
They wish they were better swimmers.
They wish they were millionaires.
They wish they'd done that, too.
They wish they'd done that.
They wish they'd won.
They wish to accompany me.
They wish to enlarge it.
They wish to get even.
They wish to go there for vacation.
They wish to go with me.
They wish to investigate.
They wish to learn.
They wish to lighten the burden.
They wish to rent it for how long?
They wish to study.
They wish to trigger a revolt.
They wished Tom dead and then they were killed themselves.
They wished a hard job on him.
They wished for a poney.
They wished that they could dance the tango.
They wished that they could fly.
They wished that they had more free time.
They wished that they had more friends.
They wished that they had more money.
They wished that they had something to do.
They wished that they hadn't done that.
They wished that they hadn't looked.
They wished that they hadn't said that.
They wished that they hadn't won.
They wished that they were dead.
They wished that they were still single.
They wished that they were taller.
They wished that they'd been more careful.
They wished that they'd studied harder.
They wished they could dance the tango.
They wished they could fly.
They wished they had a dog.
They wished they had decent jobs.
They wished they had more free time.
They wished they had more friends.
They wished they had more money.
They wished they had something to do.
They wished they hadn't done that.
They wished they hadn't gone to Kabylie.
They wished they hadn't looked.
They wished they hadn't said that.
They wished they hadn't won.
They wished they were dead.
They wished they were still single.
They wished they were taller.
They wished they'd been more careful.
They wished they'd studied harder.
They wished we would calm down.
They withdrew completely.
They withdrew to the room next door to talk to each other in private.
They witnessed a terrible accident.
They woke up at about the same time.
They woke up at about two in the morning, freaking out.
They woke up early in the morning to go to the airport so that they won't be left behind by the plane.
They woke up early in the morning.
They woke up early to watch the sunrise over the mountains.
They woke up early.
They woke up from their nap.
They woke up quite late.
They woke up to some strange sound.
They woke up.
They won a free car.
They won again.
They won an award for it.
They won because they believed more.
They won by a small number of votes.
They won by force of numbers.
They won everything.
They won for the third time in a row.
They won for the third year in a row.
They won for the third year in succession.
They won many competitions.
They won prizes in the spelling competition.
They won that game.
They won the Japan Cup three years in succession.
They won the battle at the cost of many lives.
They won the challenge.
They won the contest.
They won the day.
They won the election.
They won the fight.
They won the game, but have been eliminated nonetheless.
They won the game, but nevertheless are out of the competition.
They won the game, but still have been knocked out of the competition.
They won the kissing contest.
They won the lottery.
They won the match again.
They won the match.
They won the silver medal.
They won the war.
They won the world cup.
They won us over with their small-town hospitality.
They won!
They won't accept the gifts.
They won't admit that they were wrong.
They won't admit that they're wrong.
They won't admit they were wrong.
They won't admit they're wrong.
They won't all be like this.
They won't allow Tom to do it.
They won't allow dogs in their house.
They won't allow dogs in their houses.
They won't allow it.
They won't allow me to do what I'm being paid to do.
They won't allow us to enter the garden.
They won't allow you to do that here.
They won't back off.
They won't be able to do anything about that problem today.
They won't be able to evade punishment.
They won't be able to find a hotel.
They won't be able to get up so early.
They won't be able to sleep anytime soon.
They won't be able to stop you.
They won't be able to tell.
They won't be able to understand it.
They won't be afraid.
They won't be back until five.
They won't be back.
They won't be beholden to special interests.
They won't be cold.
They won't be coming tomorrow.
They won't be competing in rodeos anymore.
They won't be disappointed.
They won't be getting a penny.
They won't be happy about that.
They won't be happy until they've taken everything we own.
They won't be happy until we're all dead.
They won't be here long.
They won't be honest because they know what they did was wrong.
They won't be in time for the meeting.
They won't be in time.
They won't be jealous.
They won't be late, will they?
They won't be left jobless.
They won't be looking for us here.
They won't be needing that.
They won't be ready for another month.
They won't be ready.
They won't be returning to that area ever again.
They won't be selling anything.
They won't be shot.
They won't be studying tomorrow.
They won't be successful.
They won't be the first ones to get off the bus.
They won't be there, will they?
They won't be together for long.
They won't be very effective.
They won't believe it.
They won't believe me even if I swear it is true.
They won't believe me.
They won't believe us.
They won't believe you.
They won't bother me again.
They won't bother you anymore.
They won't budge.
They won't build mosques in Ukraine.
They won't care.
They won't catch me.
They won't change their minds.
They won't change their opinions.
They won't come back.
They won't come in.
They won't come out of their rooms.
They won't come until tomorrow.
They won't come upon him somewhere else.
They won't come.
They won't compromise with us.
They won't dare lay a finger on you.
They won't dare touch you.
They won't detect anything out of the ordinary.
They won't die.
They won't discharge me until tomorrow.
They won't discover him in another place.
They won't do anything about it.
They won't do anything by themselves.
They won't do anything.
They won't do it.
They won't do that again, will they?
They won't do that by themselves.
They won't do that here, will they?
They won't do that now, will they?
They won't do that themselves.
They won't do that today, will they?
They won't do that, will they?
They won't do that.
They won't do the dishes.
They won't do what they say they'll do.
They won't drop it.
They won't eat anything I give them.
They won't eat by themselves, will they?
They won't eat meat.
They won't even listen to you.
They won't even notice the difference.
They won't even talk to me.
They won't ever change.
They won't find Tom there.
They won't find Tom.
They won't find anything.
They won't find her there.
They won't find her.
They won't find him elsewhere.
They won't find him there.
They won't find him.
They won't find it.
They won't find us here.
They won't find us.
They won't find you here.
They won't find you.
They won't fire me.
They won't forget you.
They won't get any special treatment.
They won't get away.
They won't get far.
They won't get past me.
They won't get the chance.
They won't give them to him?
They won't give themselves up.
They won't give us our passports back.
They won't give you anything.
They won't go camping by themselves.
They won't go even if they're invited.
They won't go to the hospital.
They won't go to the show.
They won't go, will they?
They won't have a chance.
They won't have arrived yet.
They won't have to do any work.
They won't have to do that themselves.
They won't help us.
They won't help us...
They won't help you.
They won't help, will they?
They won't help.
They won't hurt themselves again.
They won't hurt us.
They won't hurt you.
They won't intervene.
They won't know we're there.
They won't know what hit them.
They won't know.
They won't last that long.
They won't last until the end of the week.
They won't lead the children into the temple.
They won't leave her alone.
They won't leave her in peace.
They won't leave voluntarily.
They won't leave.
They won't let Tom escape.
They won't let Tom in.
They won't let Tom out.
They won't let anyone into their house.
They won't let anyone into their houses.
They won't let her escape.
They won't let her in.
They won't let him escape.
They won't let him in.
They won't let me go until my fever drops.
They won't let me go.
They won't let me help them.
They won't let me hug them anymore.
They won't let me in.
They won't let me move my finals.
They won't let me see Tom.
They won't let me see her.
They won't let me see him.
They won't let me see you.
They won't let this pass.
They won't let us help them.
They won't let us sing with their band.
They won't let you do that here.
They won't let you do that.
They won't let you escape.
They won't let you go.
They won't let you guys help them.
They won't let you in their house.
They won't let you in their houses.
They won't let you in, Tom.
They won't let you in.
They won't let you into that restaurant if you're not wearing a tie.
They won't like me.
They won't likely change their opinions.
They won't likely do that by themselves.
They won't listen to you.
They won't listen.
They won't live here a minute longer.
They won't make it.
They won't mind.
They won't need money.
They won't need you.
They won't need your help.
They won't occupy those areas anymore.
They won't overtake me.
They won't permit you to do that here.
They won't play tennis this Saturday.
They won't put up with this, when they find out.
They won't really do that, will they?
They won't refuse to listen.
They won't risk doing that.
They won't risk hurting themselves.
They won't sack you.
They won't say that, will they?
They won't see me without an appointment.
They won't sleep.
They won't speak to Tom.
They won't speak to her.
They won't speak to him.
They won't speak to you.
They won't start the meeting without us.
They won't stay.
They won't stop arguing; it's tiring.
They won't stop at that.
They won't stop calling me.
They won't stop complaining.
They won't stop interrupting me.
They won't stop screaming.
They won't stop.
They won't succeed.
They won't surely like it.
They won't swim.
They won't take Tom back.
They won't take a break.
They won't take her back.
They won't take him back.
They won't take it away.
They won't take you away from me.
They won't talk.
They won't teach French anymore.
They won't tell anybody, will they?
They won't tell anyone, will they?
They won't tell me anything.
They won't tell me when they were born.
They won't tell us anything.
They won't tell us what they know.
They won't tell us where they live.
They won't tell us.
They won't tell you the truth.
They won't tell you what you want to hear.
They won't touch the PS5.
They won't try to stop us, will they?
They won't turn a deaf ear.
They won't understand.
They won't wait long.
They won't waste time.
They won.
They wonder why.
They wondered if they had to do that.
They wondered if they should do that.
They wondered if they'd be safe here.
They wondered if they'd been lied to.
They wondered if we create our destiny.
They wondered what they could do.
They wondered what they should do next.
They wondered what they should do.
They wondered what they should say.
They wondered what to do first.
They wondered where to hang their coats.
They wondered why they'd been invited.
They wondered.
They won’t allow us to enter the garden.
They won’t be able to get up so early.
They won’t be ready for another month.
They won’t believe me even if I swear it is true.
They won’t come until tomorrow.
They won’t need to go to school anymore.
They won’t play tennis this Saturday.
They wore animal skins.
They wore beautiful rings.
They wore designer clothes.
They wore gloves.
They wore identical dresses.
They wore matching blue uniforms.
They wore sunglasses indoors.
They wore their Kabyle dresses.
They wore themselves out.
They work a lot and earn a good living.
They work a lot for little money.
They work all day.
They work as announcers on television.
They work as hard as ever.
They work as teachers at the school.
They work at a Swedish supermarket.
They work at night.
They work eight hours a day.
They work five days a week in Italy.
They work for a multinational company.
They work for a packaging company.
They work for free.
They work for me.
They work for so much a week.
They work hard to reach their goals.
They work hard.
They work harder than they used to.
They work here.
They work in a small mountain resort.
They work in near total darkness.
They work in the fields.
They work in the medical field.
They work on an assembly line.
They work on their emotional intelligence.
They work on their own.
They work only during the day.
They work out of their homes.
They work outside.
They work poorly.
They work really hard.
They work the night shift.
They work there.
They work to correct this defect.
They work together to innovate.
They work together very well.
They work together.
They work too much.
They work toward creating a better future.
They work very hard every day.
They work very hard.
They work very slowly.
They work with a lot of autistic kids.
They work with their hands.
They work with us.
They work you to death at this company.
They worked all day.
They worked all night.
They worked all their lives.
They worked alone.
They worked around the clock.
They worked as diligently as a hive of bees.
They worked at a big firm.
They worked at a local shop.
They worked at a restaurant.
They worked at a whaling station.
They worked at different restaurants.
They worked at the hospital.
They worked brilliantly together.
They worked each day from the time the sun rose until it set.
They worked for an agency.
They worked hard day and night.
They worked hard for the sake of their children.
They worked hard for weeks on that presentation.
They worked hard from morning till night.
They worked hard in order to develop a new machine.
They worked hard in school.
They worked hard like so many bees.
They worked hard only to fail.
They worked hard to aid the victims of the flood.
They worked hard to maintain order during the public event.
They worked hard to make that song.
They worked hard writing their speeches.
They worked hard.
They worked here.
They worked in perfect harmony with each other.
They worked in the carbon mines twelve hours a day, with barely any rest.
They worked in the fields all day long, harvesting crops.
They worked it out on their own.
They worked jointly on this project.
They worked like bees.
They worked like so many ants.
They worked like so many bees.
They worked more than eighty hours a week.
They worked most of their lives.
They worked on laptops at the café.
They worked on the message for three days.
They worked out a last minute deal.
They worked out the system with much thought and labor.
They worked the land when they were in their prime.
They worked the whole day.
They worked their way through college.
They worked there.
They worked through the night.
They worked tirelessly to maintain law and order.
They worked to ensure that peace was maintained across the region.
They worked to help people.
They worked to maintain peace and order in their district.
They worked to restore peace and order after the conflict.
They worked together side by side.
They worked together to extinguish the fire.
They worked together to improve people's life.
They worked together to maintain peace in their town.
They worked together to put out the fire.
They worked together to restore order after the chaos.
They worked toward unity.
They worked until they dropped.
They worked with me.
They worked.
They wormed it out of me.
They worried about increased political tension in Asia.
They worry a lot about their families.
They worry about his future constantly.
They worry about their weight.
They worry about them.
They worry for him.
They worship Ashtoreth.
They worship Satan.
They worship every Sunday.
They worship the almighty dollar.
They worship their leader like a god.
They worshiped him as a hero.
They worshiped the idols.
They worshipped him as a hero.
They worshipped the idols.
They would agree.
They would arm administrators with so much detailed and up to date information.
They would ask you about the party.
They would be in the same class.
They would be killed if captured by the British.
They would buy anything on vacation.
They would buy anything while on holiday.
They would buy anything while on vacation.
They would call for help.
They would capture as many people as possible.
They would compare people to cattle.
They would do anything for Tom.
They would even die for Tom.
They would have been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.
They would have done him no harm, but would perhaps have been on their guard against injury.
They would have failed without help from the government.
They would have found Tom if they'd only looked harder.
They would have fun.
They would have got a better exchange rate if they had gone to a bank.
They would have gotten a better exchange rate if they had gone to a bank.
They would have gotten a better exchange rate if they'd gone to a bank.
They would have returned them to us.
They would have starved Tom out.
They would have to move fast.
They would have visited the Eiffel Tower.
They would kill me if they found out.
They would kill to live in a home this nice.
They would like to book a trip to Australia.
They would like to bring them along.
They would like to hire bicycles.
They would like to know the details.
They would like to make reservations for a trip to Australia.
They would like to see me.
They would like to see your father.
They would like to stay at home.
They would like you to be gentle with them.
They would make a great pair.
They would make a perfect couple.
They would make them rich!
They would negotiate a peace treaty.
They would never believe us.
They would never dye their hair.
They would never fuss about me if I were Fred Smith.
They would never hurt their children.
They would never meet again.
They would never meet again. Not after last time.
They would never sell their car to you.
They would never sell their cars to you.
They would not approve my loan.
They would not believe me even if I swore it was the truth.
They would not fight to free the slaves.
They would not let him write anything.
They would not surrender.
They would not tell me the truth.
They would not understand.
They would often go sailing on the lake.
They would participate in charity events organized by the mosque.
They would pay back the loans when they sold their crops.
They would prefer a hotel that is close to the airport.
They would prefer stay.
They would prefer that we wait.
They would pretend to hate her.
They would pretend to hate him.
They would pretend to hate it.
They would rather stay.
They would run.
They would sell themselves for a fist of peanuts.
They would stay there for the winter.
They would support his financial plan.
They would tell us if they knew of anything.
They would think the person is modest or lazy.
They would unquestionably diminish his bellicose outbursts.
They would've been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.
They would've found Tom if they'd only looked harder.
They would've gone if they could've.
They would've got a better exchange rate if they'd gone to a bank.
They would've gotten a better exchange rate if they'd gone to a bank.
They would've kept their mouths shut.
They would've stayed if they could've.
They would've told us if they'd known.
They wouldn't admit their mistakes.
They wouldn't agree.
They wouldn't allow me to do that.
They wouldn't allow me to enter.
They wouldn't allow me to help them.
They wouldn't allow me to leave.
They wouldn't allow me to say anything at the meeting.
They wouldn't allow me to tell you the truth.
They wouldn't allow me to visit Tom in prison.
They wouldn't allow us to help them.
They wouldn't ask so much if they knew what there really was.
They wouldn't believe me.
They wouldn't change their minds.
They wouldn't come out of their rooms.
They wouldn't do that by themselves.
They wouldn't do that themselves.
They wouldn't do that, would they?
They wouldn't eat that, would they?
They wouldn't follow us.
They wouldn't give Tom a visa.
They wouldn't give me a refund.
They wouldn't go hiking by themselves.
They wouldn't have cancelled the game if it hadn't rained so heavily.
They wouldn't have come here if Tom hadn't invited them.
They wouldn't have done anything.
They wouldn't have ordered that dish if they'd known what it was.
They wouldn't have recognized Tom.
They wouldn't help us.
They wouldn't hit anyone, would they?
They wouldn't let Tom in because he was wearing a hoodie.
They wouldn't let anybody help them.
They wouldn't let anyone help them.
They wouldn't let anyone in their rooms.
They wouldn't let anyone talk to me.
They wouldn't let me buy them drinks.
They wouldn't let me do that.
They wouldn't let me drive their car.
They wouldn't let me go.
They wouldn't let me help them.
They wouldn't let me in the building.
They wouldn't let me in the pool.
They wouldn't let me in their rooms.
They wouldn't let me in.
They wouldn't let me into the bar because I was underage.
They wouldn't let me into the club because I was underage.
They wouldn't let me into their house.
They wouldn't let me into their rooms.
They wouldn't let me join the team.
They wouldn't let me join them.
They wouldn't let me kiss them.
They wouldn't let me on the golf course.
They wouldn't let me sing.
They wouldn't let us help them.
They wouldn't let us in.
They wouldn't let us into the building.
They wouldn't let us leave the building.
They wouldn't let us speak French.
They wouldn't lie.
They wouldn't listen.
They wouldn't mind if you were dead.
They wouldn't pay their bills.
They wouldn't refund my ticket.
They wouldn't say how Tom died.
They wouldn't say how their dog died.
They wouldn't say how their dogs died.
They wouldn't serve Tom a drink because he was underage.
They wouldn't stop hitting me.
They wouldn't stop singing.
They wouldn't stop torturing me.
They wouldn't stop.
They wouldn't take any excuse for not attending the meeting.
They wouldn't take me seriously.
They wouldn't tell anybody, would they?
They wouldn't tell anyone, would they?
They wouldn't tell me anything over the phone.
They wouldn't tell me how Tom died.
They wouldn't tell me how to do it.
They wouldn't tell me the truth.
They wouldn't tell me their plans.
They wouldn't tell me where they lived.
They wouldn't tell me where they went.
They wouldn't understand.
They wouldn’t serve Tom a drink because he was underage.
They wouldn’t understand.
They wracked their brains.
They wrapped themselves in blankets.
They wrapped themselves in their blankets.
They wrapped towels around themselves.
They wrecked the company's software.
They wrecked us.
They wrestled playfully for a few minutes.
They wrestled playfully in the grass.
They wrestled playfully on the ground.
They write and sing their own songs.
They write books.
They write for themselves not others.
They write in German.
They write letters for them each year.
They write lyrics together.
They write to each other every day.
They write very neatly, don't they?
They write well.
They write with their left hands.
They write young-adult fiction.
They write.
They wronged me.
They wronged them.
They wronged us.
They wrote a book.
They wrote a fascinating book about their research in linguistics.
They wrote a letter to each other once a month.
They wrote a letter to their parents.
They wrote a letter.
They wrote a lot of bad things about him in the newspaper.
They wrote a lot of nasty gossip about him in the newspaper.
They wrote a lot of nasty gossip about them in the newspaper.
They wrote a lot of things about her in the newspaper.
They wrote a lot of things about it in the newspaper.
They wrote a story together and illustrated it.
They wrote about that in their journals.
They wrote about their experiences.
They wrote about their families.
They wrote about their ideas.
They wrote comments.
They wrote crazy things about Islam.
They wrote down their phones numbers.
They wrote each other a cheque.
They wrote each other letters.
They wrote it in the history of Kabylia.
They wrote it on Twitter.
They wrote it.
They wrote letters to each other frequently.
They wrote sentences in Berber.
They wrote something in their notebooks.
They wrote that song together.
They wrote that.
They wrote the letter themselves.
They wrote the letters themselves.
They wrote the message themselves.
They wrote the messages themselves.
They wrote the report all by themselves.
They wrote this report by themselves.
They wrote three books.
They wrote to each other in Berber.
They wrote to each other.
They wrote to them.
They yawned.
They yelled as loud as they could.
They yelled at their computers.
They yelled.
They yielded the town to the enemy.
They yielded their land to the invaders.
They yomped through the mountains.
They zapped Tom with the defibrillator.
They zipped up their bags.
They zipped up their coats.
They zipped up their leather jackets.
They'd agree.
They'd all think I was a saddo trainspotter, which is not the image I want to convey.
They'd also like sandwiches, salad, and juice.
They'd be arrested if they did that.
They'd be fined if they did that.
They'd be fired if they did that.
They'd be fired if they didn't do that.
They'd be forgiven if they did that.
They'd be furious if they knew.
They'd be punished if they did that.
They'd be the last people I'd trust.
They'd been friends since high school.
They'd better be right.
They'd better beef up their report or it won't be accepted.
They'd better fix it soon.
They'd better tell me now.
They'd better tell the truth.
They'd cry if they saw you doing that.
They'd defied the world to be together.
They'd do anything you ask them to do.
They'd do that again if they had to.
They'd do that if they could.
They'd do that if they had more time.
They'd do that if they had time to.
They'd do that if they had time.
They'd do that if they knew how to.
They'd do that if they knew how.
They'd do that if you asked them to.
They'd do that whenever they could.
They'd do whatever you ask them to do.
They'd find a way to do whatever they want to do anyway.
They'd get in trouble if they did that.
They'd had a big fight.
They'd have been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.
They'd have fun.
They'd help us if they could.
They'd help us, wouldn't they?
They'd help you if you asked them to.
They'd help you if you asked them.
They'd kill me if they knew I told you.
They'd know, wouldn't they?
They'd lend you money if they had any.
They'd like sandwiches, salad, and juice, too.
They'd like that.
They'd like to be healthy.
They'd like to do that, but they can't.
They'd like to hire some bikes.
They'd like to keep that to themself.
They'd like to pay cash.
They'd like to pay in cash.
They'd never allow a man into the ladies' room.
They'd never do that by themselves.
They'd never go swimming by themselves.
They'd never go there by themselves.
They'd never kill themselves.
They'd never let you go.
They'd never talked about anything important.
They'd rather stay.
They'd read more if they didn't spend all day playing on the street with their friends.
They'd stay if they could.
They'll accept the gifts.
They'll adore me. You only like me.
They'll all be fine.
They'll all be here tonight.
They'll all go to the can.
They'll all go to the slammer.
They'll all need to work hard.
They'll also be there.
They'll announce the winner tomorrow.
They'll arrive at 3 o'clock.
They'll arrive in Rome.
They'll arrive on the 11 o'clock train.
They'll arrive to the market.
They'll arrive tonight.
They'll ask her.
They'll ask him.
They'll attack.
They'll attend the national conference in Las Vegas.
They'll be OK, won't they?
They'll be OK.
They'll be afraid.
They'll be all right, won't they?
They'll be all right.
They'll be arrested.
They'll be arriving any moment.
They'll be asleep.
They'll be attacked if they carelessly express an original viewpoint, so they only report on the safe options.
They'll be back on their feet soon.
They'll be back soon.
They'll be back within a week.
They'll be back.
They'll be building a new bridge across this river next year.
They'll be burying Tom tomorrow.
They'll be buying their tickets today.
They'll be coming after you.
They'll be coming to the party too.
They'll be crying their eyes out, my poor parents.
They'll be easy to reach.
They'll be fine, won't they?
They'll be fine.
They'll be friendly.
They'll be furious when they find out.
They'll be furious.
They'll be glad if it rains soon.
They'll be glad that they did that.
They'll be glad that they didn't do that.
They'll be glad they did that.
They'll be glad they didn't do that.
They'll be grateful.
They'll be happy that they did that.
They'll be happy that they didn't do that.
They'll be happy they did that.
They'll be happy they didn't do that.
They'll be happy to help you.
They'll be happy to welcome you on Sunday.
They'll be here any minute.
They'll be here as soon as they can.
They'll be here at three.
They'll be here every day.
They'll be here in ten minutes.
They'll be here later.
They'll be here soon enough.
They'll be here soon.
They'll be here tonight.
They'll be home soon.
They'll be hungry.
They'll be in big trouble.
They'll be jealous.
They'll be late if they don't hurry.
They'll be left without power.
They'll be like "ahaa!"
They'll be looking for Tom.
They'll be looking for help.
They'll be looking for her.
They'll be looking for him.
They'll be looking for you.
They'll be more sensitive to the cold as they grow older.
They'll be next.
They'll be playing soccer tomorrow.
They'll be pleased to see you.
They'll be pleased.
They'll be provided all the help they require.
They'll be punished for what they did.
They'll be quick.
They'll be ready for that.
They'll be really busy, won't they?
They'll be repaving the road in front of my house next week.
They'll be right back.
They'll be rooting for you.
They'll be safe here.
They'll be so grateful.
They'll be so happy to have Tom back.
They'll be sorry that they did that.
They'll be sorry that they didn't do that.
They'll be sorry they did that.
They'll be sorry they didn't do that.
They'll be starved when they get home.
They'll be surprised, won't they?
They'll be surprised.
They'll be taking turns teaching the class.
They'll be tearing down the old post office soon.
They'll be tearing this building down in a few months.
They'll be there, won't they?
They'll be thirsty.
They'll be tired when they get home.
They'll be tough to beat.
They'll be unbeatable.
They'll be upset if they don't win.
They'll be very afraid.
They'll be very glad they did that.
They'll be very happy they did that.
They'll be very happy together.
They'll be very sorry they did that.
They'll be waiting.
They'll be watching you.
They'll be well paid.
They'll become teachers.
They'll believe anything.
They'll believe that.
They'll blame Tom for everything.
They'll bring Tom.
They'll bring her.
They'll bring him.
They'll bring the kids next time.
They'll build a house.
They'll build you a house.
They'll bury us all.
They'll buy a house.
They'll buy anything.
They'll buy it at a high price.
They'll buy something.
They'll call back.
They'll call security.
They'll call tonight.
They'll call us.
They'll call.
They'll catch me.
They'll catch the 8.30 train.
They'll catch us.
They'll catch you.
They'll change the world.
They'll change their minds again.
They'll change their minds.
They'll cheer you up.
They'll come after us, won't they?
They'll come after you if you stand out.
They'll come and help Mom in just one second.
They'll come at five o'clock?
They'll come back in a few days.
They'll come back one day.
They'll come back.
They'll come back. I'm sure they will.
They'll come for us.
They'll come home soon.
They'll come if you ask them to.
They'll come if you ask them.
They'll come if you call them.
They'll come looking for Tom.
They'll come looking for her.
They'll come looking for him.
They'll come looking for me.
They'll come looking for you.
They'll come to us.
They'll come when they're ready.
They'll come with their children.
They'll come.
They'll confide a secret in you.
They'll contact us before midday.
They'll contact us before noon today.
They'll contact us before noon.
They'll damage their clothing.
They'll dance.
They'll debate raising taxes.
They'll definitely hear me.
They'll delete the pictures.
They'll determine what she can and can't do.
They'll die if they do that.
They'll die.
They'll do all they can.
They'll do anything to stay in power.
They'll do anything to win.
They'll do everything they can.
They'll do it their own way.
They'll do it tomorrow.
They'll do it when they come in.
They'll do it when they have time.
They'll do it, too.
They'll do it.
They'll do my surgery another day, because it's not urgent.
They'll do something.
They'll do that as soon as they can.
They'll do that by themselves.
They'll do that for their children.
They'll do that if no one stops them.
They'll do that if nobody stops them.
They'll do that if they can.
They'll do that if they have to.
They'll do that if you help them.
They'll do that if you pay them to.
They'll do that if you pay them.
They'll do that on their own.
They'll do that only if they have to.
They'll do that themselves.
They'll do that when their turn comes.
They'll do that when their turns comes.
They'll do that when they come in.
They'll do that when they have time.
They'll do that, won't they?
They'll do that.
They'll do the shopping.
They'll do their best.
They'll do their utmost.
They'll do this and we'll do that.
They'll do this.
They'll do what I tell them to do.
They'll do what has to be done.
They'll do what must be done.
They'll do what they can to help you.
They'll do what they can.
They'll do what they have to do.
They'll do what they've got to do.
They'll do what we tell them to do.
They'll do whatever they can.
They'll eat all your raspberries.
They'll eat as soon as they get home.
They'll eat those.
They'll eat when they get home.
They'll eat your bananas.
They'll eat your raspberries.
They'll eventually discover it's a fraud.
They'll execute the criminal by sunrise.
They'll execute the prisoner by dawn.
They'll fail.
They'll fall in love with each other.
They'll fall one after the other.
They'll figure out it was Tom who did it.
They'll finance your trip to Algeria.
They'll find Tom.
They'll find her sooner or later.
They'll find her.
They'll find him.
They'll find it.
They'll find me.
They'll find out about what happened.
They'll find out that one day everybody must atone.
They'll find out.
They'll find us here soon.
They'll find us jobs.
They'll find us.
They'll find you.
They'll find your cigarette cache, and then you'll have problems.
They'll fine you if you leave your car here.
They'll finish by noon.
They'll finish this another day.
They'll fix it as soon as they can.
They'll get all the help that they need.
They'll get all the help they need.
They'll get along just fine.
They'll get caught.
They'll get dirty if they do that.
They'll get fired if they do that.
They'll get here later.
They'll get home by themselves.
They'll get hurt if they aren't careful.
They'll get hurt if they're not careful.
They'll get it figured out.
They'll get mad if they don't win.
They'll get mad with me.
They'll get married in June.
They'll get married next month.
They'll get married sooner or later, I think.
They'll get married.
They'll get one soon enough.
They'll get out of class in forty minutes.
They'll get over it.
They'll get paid next week.
They'll get some help.
They'll get their revenge.
They'll get their vaccines.
They'll get them back to Algeria next week.
They'll get themselves killed.
They'll get used to living alone very quickly.
They'll give in to us some day.
They'll give me that if I ask them to.
They'll give us their answer soon.
They'll go away.
They'll go back to Belgium.
They'll go fishing by themselves.
They'll go on arriving late.
They'll go on consuming too much.
They'll go on lazing around.
They'll go on not eating fruit.
They'll go on pigheadedly.
They'll go shopping.
They'll go skiing by themselves.
They'll go to France in the spring.
They'll go to Ireland.
They'll go to lord eyad.
They'll grow.
They'll handle it.
They'll have a blast.
They'll have a lot of free time.
They'll have a wallet full of money.
They'll have closed.
They'll have no problem.
They'll have their house repainted.
They'll have their houses repainted.
They'll have to accept it.
They'll have to catch us first.
They'll have to do it all by themselves.
They'll have to do it by themselves.
They'll have to do that by themselves.
They'll have to do that on their own.
They'll have to do that themselves.
They'll have to fish in the island's lagoon.
They'll have to get used to it.
They'll have to go by themselves.
They'll have to go there by themselves.
They'll have to move again.
They'll have to wait.
They'll hear me.
They'll hear us.
They'll help her.
They'll help him.
They'll help if you ask them.
They'll help me.
They'll help them.
They'll help us get better.
They'll help us, won't they?
They'll help us.
They'll help you as soon as possible.
They'll help you do that, won't they?
They'll help you if you ask them to.
They'll help you.
They'll hurry with them to Ouirdja.
They'll identify a cure for my health issue.
They'll ignore it.
They'll impose certain limits on her.
They'll impose new restrictions.
They'll keep pressing the foreman.
They'll keep saying what they want.
They'll keep their promise, I'm pretty sure.
They'll kill me if they find me.
They'll kill me!
They'll kill me.
They'll kill you all!
They'll kill you!
They'll kill you.
They'll know how to speak French at the end of their studies.
They'll know what that means.
They'll know what to do.
They'll know.
They'll laugh when they see this.
They'll lead the presentation today.
They'll leave soon.
They'll let her know.
They'll let me do whatever I want.
They'll let us know what happens.
They'll let us know.
They'll like it.
They'll like that.
They'll like this game.
They'll like what you did for them.
They'll like what you made for them.
They'll likely be inspecting the deserted island.
They'll likely change their minds.
They'll look after me.
They'll look at beautiful flowers.
They'll lose this war.
They'll lose.
They'll love it.
They'll love that one.
They'll love that.
They'll make a new logo.
They'll make a new mistake.
They'll make a room available for you to sleep.
They'll make their own decision.
They'll miss the train.
They'll multiply just like you.
They'll murder him.
They'll murder us in our sleep.
They'll need help.
They'll need to do that by themselves.
They'll negotiate.
They'll never admit that they have failed completely.
They'll never admit that they're wrong.
They'll never agree to that.
They'll never be abandoned.
They'll never believe us.
They'll never call me back.
They'll never catch on.
They'll never change their minds.
They'll never change.
They'll never come to an agreement.
They'll never destroy us.
They'll never find gold in those mountains.
They'll never find us here.
They'll never find you here.
They'll never forget this.
They'll never forget you.
They'll never forgive me.
They'll never forgive themselves.
They'll never give up.
They'll never give upon Mina.
They'll never hear me.
They'll never know if he's trustworthy.
They'll never know we're here.
They'll never know.
They'll never make it long-term on the radio.
They'll never make it.
They'll never meet again.
They'll never pay me what they owe me.
They'll never reach us in time.
They'll never silence us.
They'll never stop talking.
They'll never succeed.
They'll never tell me to go.
They'll never truly understand the essence of Japanese culture anyway.
They'll never understand you.
They'll never understand.
They'll never work in radio again.
They'll no doubt be searching for us.
They'll only be happy when we're all dead.
They'll only believe what the experts say!
They'll only do that if they have to.
They'll outlast us all.
They'll outlive us all.
They'll paint the fence tomorrow.
They'll pay a price for their arrogance.
They'll pay attention to you.
They'll pay by cheque.
They'll pay for the dinner.
They'll pay for what they did to us.
They'll pay for what they did.
They'll pay me a ton of money to do this commercial.
They'll pay reparations.
They'll pay.
They'll play duets at the start of each show, then perform solo sets with their own bands before reuniting for encores.
They'll play football.
They'll probably be able to cope with the difficulties.
They'll probably be calling you.
They'll probably be safe where they are.
They'll probably change their minds.
They'll probably come by car.
They'll probably do that by themselves.
They'll probably forget their promises.
They'll probably give me something else.
They'll probably just throw money at the problem like always.
They'll probably never see each other again.
They'll probably regret what they did.
They'll probably sweep it under the rug.
They'll promise you anything, Tom.
They'll put her in jail.
They'll put you up for a day or two.
They'll put you up.
They'll readily help you.
They'll rebuild the road.
They'll refund your money if you're not satisfied.
They'll refuse to listen to you.
They'll regret it.
They'll remember.
They'll rescue us.
They'll respond.
They'll return home tomorrow.
They'll say what they always say.
They'll see something in the future.
They'll show them how to do it or not.
They'll show you.
They'll sleep well tonight.
They'll soon be married.
They'll soon find out.
They'll speak.
They'll start their new jobs on Monday.
They'll starve.
They'll stay with me.
They'll stick you to a desk until you retire.
They'll stop at nothing to achieve their political goals.
They'll surely like it.
They'll survive.
They'll suspect me.
They'll take a nap.
They'll take care of Tom.
They'll take care of her.
They'll take care of him.
They'll take care of you.
They'll take control of the situation.
They'll take me away.
They'll take you to the airport.
They'll talk to the principal.
They'll tell Dad the truth.
They'll tell Mom the truth.
They'll tell me in my room.
They'll tell you everything there.
They'll tell you the truth.
They'll tell you tomorrow.
They'll tell you.
They'll thank me.
They'll thank us.
They'll think about it.
They'll think of something.
They'll think we cheated them.
They'll try again.
They'll try to kill you.
They'll try to manipulate you.
They'll turn a deaf ear.
They'll understand that.
They'll understand us.
They'll understand.
They'll unlikely do that by themselves.
They'll wait as long as they have to.
They'll wait for us to arrive.
They'll wait for us, won't they?
They'll wait.
They'll walk there in half an hour.
They'll want Tom.
They'll want to punish him.
They'll want to remember this.
They'll win the fight.
They'll win the war.
They'll win, won't they?
They'll win.
They'll work it out.
They're 30 minutes behind schedule.
They're Algerian in any sense of the word.
They're Algerian, too.
They're Asian.
They're Berber teachers.
They're Berber-Arabic bilingual.
They're Bosnian citizens.
They're Bretons.
They're Canadians, aren't they?
They're Canadians.
They're Christians.
They're English.
They're French teachers.
They're French, aren't they?
They're French.
They're Greek, aren't they?
They're Italian Kabyle.
They're Italian.
They're Italians.
They're Kabyle.
They're Muslim but they're dressed in Western clothing.
They're Muslim.
They're Muslims and they're bothered by the lightly dressed Western tourists.
They're Muslims from Algeria.
They're OK now.
They're OK.
They're Polish.
They're Portuguese, aren't they?
They're Romanian, aren't they?
They're Russian.
They're Salafis.
They're Salafists.
They're Serbian.
They're Spanish Kabyle.
They're Tom and Mary.
They're Tom's.
They're Venetians.
They're a big, happy family.
They're a bit small for their age.
They're a brass quintet.
They're a bunch of contradictions.
They're a bunch of cowards.
They're a bunch of greedy fools.
They're a bunch of gun nuts.
They're a bunch of idiots.
They're a bunch of klutzes.
They're a bunch of losers.
They're a bunch of stupid idiots.
They're a bunch of windbags.
They're a complete joke.
They're a complete shower.
They're a couple of cowards.
They're a couple of hippies.
They're a couple.
They're a craftsperson.
They're a cult.
They're a devoted Muslim couple.
They're a dime a dozen.
They're a dollar. They're a buck. They're a pound. They're a euro.
They're a fascist.
They're a friend.
They're a good baseball team.
They're a good basketball team.
They're a good crew.
They're a good hockey team.
They're a good singer.
They're a good team.
They're a great band and deserve the cash.
They're a happy couple.
They're a happy family.
They're a happy-looking couple.
They're a little tight.
They're a lot better at selling their products than they are at servicing their customers.
They're a lot like I was at their age.
They're a loud minority.
They're a motley crew.
They're a perfect couple.
They're a perfect match.
They're a really wonderful couple.
They're a sweet talker with a cruel heart.
They're a team.
They're a vocal minority.
They're a weird cult.
They're a wrestling tag team.
They're a young married couple living in Algeria.
They're able students.
They're able to do that by themselves.
They're able to do that on their own.
They're able to sing.
They're able to speak French.
They're able to speak Spanish.
They're able to speak a smattering of Spanish.
They're able to take care of themselves.
They're about 170 centimeters tall with big eyes and a bit of chub.
They're about 4 weeks old.
They're about four weeks old.
They're about ready.
They're about the same age.
They're about to go to sleep.
They're about to go.
They're about to leave.
They're about to return!
They're about to start.
They're absolutely certain.
They're absolutely guilty of something.
They're absolutely right.
They're absurd.
They're abusing their power.
They're abusing their powers.
They're academic champions.
They're accomplices.
They're accusing other people of what they're doing.
They're accustomed to having better facilities than they have here.
They're acting like idiots.
They're acting on their own.
They're acting out of character.
They're acting very strangely.
They're active in their church.
They're active.
They're activities that I have no interest in.
They're actresses.
They're actually quite decent people.
They're adamant.
They're adaptive to challenges.
They're addicted to drugs.
They're adding fuel to fire.
They're adopted.
They're adorable.
They're adults.
They're afraid of Tom.
They're afraid of dogs.
They're afraid of flying.
They're afraid of her.
They're afraid of him.
They're afraid of losing their jobs.
They're afraid of me.
They're afraid of telling the truth.
They're afraid of them.
They're afraid of us.
They're afraid of what they don't know.
They're afraid of you, because they don't know you.
They're afraid of you.
They're afraid that they'll get lost.
They're afraid to go there by themselves.
They're afraid to leave their house.
They're afraid to leave their houses.
They're afraid to make one more stupid mistakes.
They're afraid we might know.
They're afraid.
They're after me.
They're after us.
They're after you.
They're against animal abuse.
They're against us.
They're aggressive.
They're aging.
They're ahead of us.
They're alcoholics.
They're alive.
They're all Algerian and exclusively men.
They're all Algerian.
They're all Algerians.
They're all Muslim.
They're all actors.
They're all against me.
They're all alike.
They're all alone.
They're all around me.
They're all arseholes, apart from Tom – he's all right.
They're all at risk.
They're all back on track.
They're all bad.
They're all barefoot.
They're all by themselves, aren't they?
They're all chasing Tom.
They're all chasing her.
They're all chasing him.
They're all children.
They're all citizens except for one.
They're all clamoring to get their money back.
They're all college students.
They're all con men.
They're all conscripts.
They're all coordinating their talking points.
They're all corrupt.
They're all covered in dust.
They're all crazier than your brother.
They're all dead! All dead! All dead!
They're all dead.
They're all delicious.
They're all demanding their money back.
They're all different.
They're all doing it.
They're all drunk except for Tom.
They're all dying.
They're all either dead or dying.
They're all equal.
They're all excited to see you.
They're all excited.
They're all expected to recover.
They're all extraordinary.
They're all fake.
They're all feeling pretty good.
They're all figments of your imagination.
They're all fine, thank you.
They're all fine, thanks.
They're all fine.
They're all fools.
They're all for you.
They're all fucking mental.
They're all going to church.
They're all going to die.
They're all going to prison.
They're all gone now.
They're all gone.
They're all good guys.
They're all good, especially that one.
They're all good.
They're all great sprinters.
They're all grinning at Tom.
They're all grinning at her.
They're all grinning at him.
They're all grinning at them.
They're all guilty.
They're all happy without a doubt.
They're all happy.
They're all having fun now.
They're all here.
They're all high school students.
They're all hungry.
They're all idiots.
They're all in cahoots.
They're all in love.
They're all in there somewhere.
They're all in there.
They're all innocent children.
They're all inside.
They're all irritable.
They're all jackasses.
They're all jerks.
They're all just a bunch of hypocrites.
They're all just words.
They're all laughing at you.
They're all lazy bums.
They're all lazy.
They're all liars.
They're all lying.
They're all meditating.
They're all mine.
They're all new recruits.
They're all normal.
They're all nuts.
They're all older than you.
They're all on drugs.
They're all on vacation.
They're all pigs.
They're all pretty tired.
They're all right.
They're all safe.
They're all scared of Tom.
They're all scared of her.
They're all scared of him.
They're all scared of you.
They're all scared.
They're all secretly snakes.
They're all serious.
They're all set.
They're all sick.
They're all similar.
They're all slackers.
They're all sleeping.
They're all special.
They're all strong.
They're all students.
They're all talking about his death.
They're all terrified.
They're all the same size.
They're all the same.
They're all thieves.
They're all tourists.
They're all upstairs.
They're all very similar.
They're all waiting for you.
They're all waiting to see you.
They're all waiting.
They're all watching TV.
They're all watching us.
They're all weaklings.
They're all wearing name tags.
They're all worthless.
They're all yours.
They're alleging I bribed someone.
They're allergic to dairy.
They're allies.
They're almost done.
They're almost here.
They're almost never home.
They're almost never late.
They're almost new.
They're almost on top of us.
They're almost there.
They're almost three times as big as we are.
They're alone in their apartment.
They're alone over there.
They're alone.
They're already annoyed at me.
They're already at their desks, aren't they?
They're already at their desks.
They're already being cared for.
They're already cleaned their rooms.
They're already dead.
They're already done their homework.
They're already finished their chores.
They're already giving away free burgers.
They're already gone.
They're already half an hour late.
They're already here.
They're already in their offices.
They're already made up their minds.
They're already occupied.
They're already standing at our door.
They're already struggling.
They're already there.
They're already waiting for you.
They're also a couple in real life.
They're also too good.
They're always angry with the kids.
They're always arguing.
They're always biting their fingernails.
They're always blaming themselves.
They're always bunking off school.
They're always busy.
They're always careful.
They're always cheating on us.
They're always complaining.
They're always contradicting themselves.
They're always deep in debt.
They're always dissatisfied.
They're always fighting among themselves.
They're always fighting.
They're always going downtown and slumming it.
They're always good.
They're always having trouble with their word processor.
They're always hungry.
They're always laughing.
They're always losing their umbrellas.
They're always right.
They're always skiving school.
They're always so late!
They're always so late.
They're always there.
They're always together.
They're always wrong.
They're amateurs.
They're amazed at what they do.
They're amazing.
They're ambidextrous.
They're amused.
They're an amorphous group of activists, artists, and burnouts.
They're an aristocrat.
They're an hour late.
They're an idiot who believes that everything written on Facebook is true.
They're an old family from Bejaia, Algeria.
They're analyzing the samples.
They're angry with you.
They're angry.
They're animals.
They're anxious for peace.
They're archenemies.
They're are indomitable.
They're are trying.
They're arguing about who's right.
They're arguing again, you know.
They're arguing next door.
They're arguing.
They're armed to the teeth.
They're armed with guns.
They're armed with knives.
They're armed.
They're around back.
They're arriving in Rome.
They're arriving in half an hour.
They're arriving now.
They're arriving on the 11 o'clock train.
They're arriving within a half hour.
They're arriving; be ready!
They're arrogant.
They're art buddies.
They're as good as gold.
They're as poor as church mice.
They're as tall as their father.
They're as tired as we are.
They're ashamed of their father's poverty.
They're ashamed.
They're asking for three million dollars and I think it would be a steal at twice the price.
They're asking questions.
They're asking us to help them.
They're asleep in their bedrooms.
They're asleep in their beds.
They're asleep in their rooms, aren't they?
They're asleep in their rooms.
They're asleep.
They're astonishing.
They're at Mary's house.
They're at a party.
They're at home now.
They're at home with their children.
They're at home with their mother.
They're at home with their parents.
They're at home.
They're at it again.
They're at law school.
They're at school at the moment.
They're at such a disadvantage.
They're at the airport.
They're at the bar drinking beer.
They're at the bar drinking.
They're at the beach.
They're at the diner, looking at the menu.
They're at the eatery looking at the menu.
They're at the market.
They're at the park.
They're at the pool with their friends.
They're at the restaurant looking at the menu.
They're at the top of their class.
They're at the train station.
They're at their desk eating sandwiches.
They're at their desks doing paperwork.
They're at their desks working, aren't they?
They're at their desks working.
They're at their desks, aren't they?
They're at their desks.
They're at university.
They're at war.
They're attached to you.
They're attacking our base.
They're attacking us.
They're attempting to contact her.
They're attracted to each other.
They're average students.
They're awaiting the results impatiently.
They're awake.
They're aware of it.
They're aware of their mistakes.
They're aware of their own limitations.
They're aware of their shortcomings.
They're away.
They're awesome.
They're awful people.
They're awfully close.
They're awfully friendly.
They're awfully noisy.
They're awfully nosy.
They're babbling.
They're babies.
They're back at it again.
They're back from China.
They're back from their trip, aren't they?
They're back from their trip.
They're back home with their family.
They're back in Algeria, in Kabylie.
They're back in Algeria.
They're back in business.
They're back in their apartment.
They're back in their hometown.
They're back in their offices.
They're back on their feet.
They're back where they want to be.
They're back-pedalling frenetically.
They're back.
They're bad.
They're barely paid minimum wage.
They're barmy.
They're basking in the sun.
They're bastards.
They're beautiful.
They're begging Linda.
They're beginning to believe their own lies.
They're behaving very strangely.
They're behind in their payments.
They're behind schedule.
They're behind us.
They're being decimated.
They're being evacuated.
They're being shot.
They're being starved to death.
They're being told to go from one place to another.
They're being watched.
They're best friends.
They're better now.
They're better than me.
They're better than we are.
They're big.
They're binding up the meat.
They're black.
They're bleeding.
They're blue.
They're bluffing.
They're bored out of their minds.
They're bored.
They're boring.
They're both Algerian officials.
They're both Algerian.
They're both Berber teachers.
They're both Canadians, aren't they?
They're both Christian.
They're both Christians.
They're both Muslim.
They're both Muslims.
They're both alive.
They're both already looking forward to the coming weekend.
They're both artists.
They're both at home.
They're both awful.
They're both bad chess players.
They're both beautiful.
They're both colleagues of mine.
They're both crazy.
They're both crying now.
They're both dead.
They're both doing well.
They're both dreadful.
They're both drunk.
They're both empty.
They're both expecting babies.
They're both fine.
They're both free of charge.
They're both free.
They're both from Algeria.
They're both from Australia.
They're both from Boston.
They're both gay, but they're not a couple.
They're both gone.
They're both good chess players.
They're both good pupils.
They're both good students.
They're both good.
They're both grinning.
They're both guilty.
They're both handsome.
They're both in love with the same girl.
They're both in love with the same guy.
They're both in there.
They're both incredibly cute!
They're both laughing.
They're both learning Berber.
They're both lying on the same side, one has his back to the other.
They're both musicians.
They're both new Muslims.
They're both older than you.
They're both personally convinced of that.
They're both quiet.
They're both really brilliant.
They're both right.
They're both single.
They're both smiling.
They're both staring at me.
They're both teachers.
They're both terrible.
They're both trying to learn Berber.
They're both unmarried.
They're both very smart.
They're both very young and very pretty.
They're both wearing hats.
They're both wearing uniforms.
They're both weirdos.
They're both well.
They're both winners.
They're both wrong.
They're bothering me.
They're boys adrift.
They're boys.
They're brainy people, the whole family.
They're brainy types.
They're brave people.
They're brave.
They're breaking it off.
They're breaking the law.
They're breeding like rabbits.
They're brilliant kids.
They're brilliant.
They're bringing him in for questioning now.
They're broke.
They're broken.
They're brother and sister.
They're brothers.
They're brown.
They're brushing their teeth.
They're brutal because they're weak.
They're buddies from my technical school.
They're buddies from school.
They're building a fire.
They're building a house.
They're building a new amusement park down the street.
They're building a new hotel downtown.
They're building a new plaza.
They're building a new square.
They're building a new viaduct there.
They're building a wall.
They're building computers here.
They're building it themselves...
They're building something across the street, but we're not yet sure what it is.
They're busy preparing for their trip.
They're busy repairing that now.
They're busy today.
They're busy with their homework.
They're busy with their research.
They're busy with their work.
They're busy.
They're buying a baguette.
They're buying a house.
They're buying a new house.
They're buying their children some toys.
They're by far the greatest team the world has ever seen.
They're by themselves, aren't they?
They're by themselves.
They're called treats for a reason.
They're calling for violence against Muslims.
They're calling it a homicide.
They're calling me.
They're calling me. I have to go.
They're calling off the fight.
They're cannibals.
They're canvassing for the governor.
They're capoeira dancers.
They're careful.
They're carnations.
They're carrying heavy packages.
They're carrying out a book burning.
They're casual acquaintances.
They're catching the eight-thirty train.
They're catching up to us.
They're catching up with us.
They're celebrating the fall of the wall.
They're celebrating their wedding anniversary.
They're changing the color of my dress.
They're changing their clothes.
They're charismatic.
They're chasing us off the dock, but we're not leaving.
They're chatting about business.
They're chatting in Berber.
They're chatting with their friends.
They're chatting.
They're cheap, aren't they?
They're checking this time.
They're cheering now.
They're chewing.
They're children.
They're chummy with all their neighbours.
They're circulating lies.
They're classmates.
They're clean.
They're cleaning the beach.
They're cleaning their rooms, aren't they?
They're cleaning their rooms.
They're clearly busy.
They're clearly not happy about that.
They're clearly not happy that they got stuck with that job.
They're clearly not happy to be here.
They're clearly out of their minds.
They're cleverly changing how we perceive them.
They're close to the Germans.
They're close.
They're closed today.
They're closed.
They're closing in on us.
They're closing their borders.
They're cold.
They're collecting camel excrement.
They're collecting donations for the synagogue.
They're collecting money.
They're collecting tissue from critically endangered animals.
They're coming after us.
They're coming again.
They're coming back now.
They're coming back.
They're coming early.
They're coming for me.
They're coming for us.
They're coming for you next.
They're coming for you, too.
They're coming from Algeria.
They're coming from Kabylie.
They're coming here.
They're coming home from school early.
They're coming home.
They're coming later.
They're coming next week.
They're coming now.
They're coming out.
They're coming really soon.
They're coming right now.
They're coming to Algeria from Germany.
They're coming to Algeria.
They're coming to Boston.
They're coming to get us.
They're coming to our house. We aren't going to their house.
They're coming to the park by bus.
They're coming today, aren't they?
They're coming together.
They're coming towards me.
They're coming your way.
They're coming your way. Hide.
They're coming! Don't move a muscle or you'll ruin the surprise.
They're coming, Tom.
They're coming.
They're coming. Scatter!
They're committing crimes in the name of Islam.
They're competing against each other for the job.
They're completely content.
They're completely satisfied.
They're completely wrong.
They're complicit in the loss of their own goods.
They're concerned about her.
They're concerned about him.
They're concerned about the budget.
They're concerned about their future.
They're concerned about their health.
They're concerned about their safety.
They're conducting a war through PMCs.
They're conducting genocide.
They're confident they'll win, aren't they?
They're confusing everything.
They're conscientious.
They're considered the greatest rock band in history.
They're considering their options.
They're considering you for the position.
They're constantly humiliating Tom. I'm surprised that he tolerates it.
They're constantly reading.
They're constructing a bridge over the river.
They're contradicting themselves.
They're convinced everybody hates them.
They're convinced everyone hates them.
They're cooking broccoli.
They're cooking now.
They're cooking something.
They're cooking.
They're cool people.
They're cool.
They're cool. After all, they're the main character.
They're coordinating in this way.
They're cops.
They're copying people's sentences again.
They're copying your sentences.
They're correct in this.
They're correct.
They're corrupt.
They're counting their money.
They're countless.
They're courageous.
They're cousins.
They're covering the children because it's cold.
They're craving chocolate.
They're crazy about each other.
They're crazy, these Romans!
They're crazy, those Romans!
They're crazy.
They're creating stunning works of art to force people to stop and appreciate the beauty of the universe.
They're creative.
They're creepy.
They're criminals.
They're criticizing Algeria.
They're cruel.
They're crying in their rooms.
They're crying.
They're curious.
They're cute as all hell.
They're cute.
They're cutting the water off tomorrow between 1 and 3 in the afternoon because of building work. Don't forget, all right?
They're dancing.
They're dangerous, and they have no natural predators.
They're dangerous.
They're dead ringers for each other.
They're dead to me.
They're dead.
They're debating about raises.
They're decorating their room.
They're decorating their rooms.
They're defaming Algeria.
They're defenseless.
They're definitely more than just friends.
They're definitely up to something.
They're dehumanizing Muslims.
They're delicious.
They're deluding themselves, aren't they?
They're deluding themselves.
They're demanding that I be quiet.
They're demolishing Tom's house.
They're demonstrating for free elections and freedom to travel.
They're dentists.
They're depressed.
They're desperately seeking to reestablish deterrence.
They're desperately trying to reestablish deterrence.
They're desperately trying to silence us.
They're destroying the planet out of animus.
They're destroying their own society.
They're detectives.
They're determined to have their way.
They're developing a building in central Algiers.
They're devoted to their work.
They're different from their classmates.
They're different.
They're digging a hole.
They're digging a well.
They're digging with their bare hands.
They're diligent in their studies.
They're dimming the lights. The play is about to begin.
They're disappointed in their son.
They're discriminated against.
They're discussing a mission to Mars.
They're discussing the problem.
They're discussing their next project.
They're disoriented.
They're disposable.
They're dissatisfied with their jobs.
They're doctors.
They're doing OK.
They're doing a good job.
They're doing a great job.
They're doing a pagan ritual in the backyard.
They're doing a snow job on us.
They're doing all they can do, aren't they?
They're doing all they can, aren't they?
They're doing everything they can.
They're doing fine on their own.
They're doing fine.
They're doing great.
They're doing it by themselves.
They're doing it now.
They're doing it right.
They're doing it to me out of spite.
They're doing some good things.
They're doing sport.
They're doing that by themselves.
They're doing that for their children.
They're doing their French homework.
They're doing their best not to cry.
They're doing their best to change that.
They're doing their best to fit in.
They're doing their best to stay calm.
They're doing their best, aren't they?
They're doing their homework now.
They're doing their homework, aren't they?
They're doing their homework.
They're doing their job.
They're doing their part, aren't they?
They're doing their part.
They're doing their work at a snail's pace!
They're doing their work.
They're doing this for their children.
They're doing this just for Mom.
They're doing very badly.
They're doing well at school.
They're doing well in their classes at school.
They're doing what they can, aren't they?
They're doing what they can.
They're doing what you told them to do.
They're done for now.
They're done with stealing computers. They're stealing boats now.
They're done with stealing computers. They're stealing cars now.
They're done with stealing computers. They're stealing guns now.
They're done with stealing computers. They're stealing jewelry now.
They're done with their neighborhood watch.
They're done.
They're doomed to die.
They're downstairs.
They're dragging their heels.
They're dreadful.
They're dreaming.
They're drenched.
They're drinking a lot of water.
They're drinking coffee together.
They're drinking milk.
They're drinking soda.
They're drinking tea.
They're drinking.
They're driving me crazy.
They're driving.
They're drowning.
They're drunk.
They're drying their faces with a towel.
They're dwarves.
They're dying out.
They're dying.
They're eager to see you.
They're early.
They're easily flattered.
They're easy to make and they're cheap.
They're eaten raw.
They're eating a rat!
They're eating apples now.
They're eating apples.
They're eating at the hotel.
They're eating brioche bread.
They're eating dinner now in the dining room.
They're eating ham.
They're eating high on the hog.
They're eating ice cream.
They're eating in the hotel.
They're eating rolls.
They're eating sandwiches.
They're eating spaghetti.
They're eating stale bread.
They're eating sweets.
They're eating the apples.
They're eating the cats.
They're eating the dogs.
They're eating their apples.
They're eating their favorite ice cream.
They're eating their sandwiches.
They're eating your tasty cherries.
They're eating your yummy cherries.
They're eating.
They're eggs.
They're either in the shed or in the den.
They're embarrassed when they're around strangers.
They're empty.
They're encouraging their children to learn Berber.
They're enemies.
They're enforcing their gender ideology on our children.
They're engaged at the moment.
They're engaged.
They're enjoying themselves on the beach.
They're enjoying themselves, aren't they?
They're enjoying themselves.
They're enraged.
They're entering the workforce.
They're entering uncharted waters.
They're entertaining the children.
They're entertaining themselves.
They're entitled to do that.
They're envious of the Americans because they think they're richer.
They're escaping.
They're euphoric.
They're everyday heroes.
They're everywhere!
They're everywhere.
They're evil.
They're exactly what we want.
They're excellent.
They're excited about their jobs.
They're excited to head for home sweet home.
They're exercising.
They're exhausted.
They're expected to dress well.
They're expected to make a decision soon.
They're expected tomorrow.
They're expected.
They're expecting a baby.
They're expecting to have these measures applied in all French schools.
They're expecting you.
They're expensive.
They're experienced.
They're experiencing white water rafting on a class five river.
They're experimenting with a new car.
They're experts in their field.
They're experts.
They're explaining.
They're expressing their love by hugging.
They're extremely busy up there.
They're extremely cunning.
They're extremely hostile to Islam and Muslims.
They're extremists.
They're extroverted.
They're fabulous.
They're facing up to ten years in prison.
They're failing classes.
They're failing to give off the impression of seeming scary but actually being a good person.
They're fake.
They're falling through the cracks.
They're falsifying the numbers.
They're family.
They're fantastic, aren't they?
They're fantastic.
They're far away.
They're farmers and it's the first time they come to the city.
They're farmers.
They're fascinated by blood and violence.
They're fast runners.
They're fast.
They're fat.
They're fathers.
They're fearless.
They're feeling lost.
They're fighting against each other for a stupid thing.
They're fighting fiercely now but I assure you they'll bury the hatchet before long.
They're fighting for liberty.
They're fighting for their lives.
They're fighting like rats in a sack.
They're fighting over Skura.
They're fighting over a girl.
They're fighting over me.
They're fighting.
They're filming.
They're filthy rich now.
They're filthy rich.
They're finally here.
They're fine on their own.
They're fine.
They're finished eating their lunch.
They're finished their homework.
They're finished.
They're finishing their work.
They're firing at us.
They're fish.
They're fishermen.
They're fishers.
They're fisherwomen.
They're fixing it.
They're fixing that.
They're fixing the latch.
They're fleeing that country.
They're fleeing their towns and villages.
They're fleeing war.
They're fleeing.
They're fluent in Berber.
They're flying to Ouzellaguen.
They're flying tomorrow.
They're flying.
They're following me.
They're fooling themselves.
They're fools.
They're footing the bill.
They're for me.
They're forcing me to do it.
They're foreigners.
They're forty years old.
They're free to go.
They're free.
They're freezing.
They're fresh out of the oven.
They're freshly made.
They're friend with all the neighbours.
They're friend with all their neighbours.
They're friends for life.
They're friends of Tom's.
They're friends of mine.
They're friends of ours.
They're friends of yours, aren't they?
They're friends.
They're frolicking naked on my bed.
They're from Algeria.
They're from Algiers.
They're from Alsace.
They're from America.
They're from Boston.
They're from Bulgaria.
They're from Greece.
They're from Iceland.
They're from Iran.
They're from Kabylie.
They're from Rochester, New York.
They're from Seychelles.
They're from a small town in Texas.
They're from an American company.
They're from here.
They're from the same litter.
They're from the same team.
They're frustrated with the rest of the world.
They're frying more chips in the canteen.
They're funny.
They're gaining on us.
They're gay.
They're generous with their money.
They're generous with their time.
They're getting away with it.
They're getting closer.
They're getting closer. We should alert the chieftain.
They're getting dressed in their rooms.
They're getting dressed.
They're getting fat.
They're getting further and further away from Islam.
They're getting into the lift.
They're getting married in a month.
They're getting married tomorrow.
They're getting married.
They're getting off.
They're getting onto us!
They're getting paid next month.
They're getting ready for their trip.
They're getting ready to leave.
They're getting ready.
They're getting rid of their old car.
They're getting the 8.30 train.
They're getting their things together.
They're getting used to their new jobs.
They're getting worse.
They're giving Tom medication.
They're giving a big ball at the American Embassy tonight.
They're giving away a huge cash prize for the winners.
They're giving away free samples.
They're giving away samples free.
They're giving me an old book.
They're giving out free pens.
They're giving their Hun their hen.
They're giving their hen to their Hun.
They're giving this drug to pedophiles.
They're giving those homeless guys some food.
They're globular structures that tend to knit together, forming large clots.
They're glued on tight.
They're glued shut.
They're glued together.
They're gluten-free.
They're going alone.
They're going back to school.
They're going back to their hotel.
They're going by horse.
They're going crazy.
They're going down.
They're going home.
They're going in the same direction.
They're going in the wrong direction.
They're going into her room.
They're going into the lift.
They're going jetskiing this afternoon.
They're going now.
They're going on tour.
They're going on vacation in Sicily.
They're going on vacation to Libya.
They're going out.
They're going shopping tomorrow.
They're going shopping with Dad.
They're going there alone.
They're going to Australia.
They're going to Boston.
They're going to Disneyland.
They're going to Ishikawa.
They're going to Sweden to study.
They're going to Tighil.
They're going to Uzbekistan.
They're going to a charity event.
They're going to answer.
They're going to arrest you.
They're going to attack.
They're going to be OK.
They're going to be fine.
They're going to be furious.
They're going to be here next week, too.
They're going to be here.
They're going to be kicked out.
They're going to be late for the reservation.
They're going to be teachers.
They're going to blame Tom for this.
They're going to blow up the crowd.
They're going to build a new bridge across the river.
They're going to buy a house.
They're going to buy those shoes.
They're going to call the cook.
They're going to class.
They're going to consider it a great injustice.
They're going to demand a pay raise.
They're going to demolish that old building.
They're going to die.
They're going to do it for us.
They're going to do it right away.
They're going to do it their own way.
They're going to do it.
They're going to do something.
They're going to do that by themselves.
They're going to do that on their own.
They're going to do that themselves.
They're going to do their best.
They're going to eat the shit sandwich no matter what.
They're going to enlarge their store.
They're going to exact their justice.
They're going to execute you.
They're going to explain it to you.
They're going to fill in the contract.
They're going to find Tom.
They're going to find her.
They're going to find him.
They're going to find me.
They're going to find us.
They're going to find you.
They're going to find your stash of cigarettes, and then you'll be in trouble.
They're going to fire me.
They're going to get mad at me.
They're going to get married at a church.
They're going to get their chance.
They're going to get themselves killed.
They're going to give me an estimate.
They're going to go back to Belgium.
They're going to go skiing by themselves.
They're going to go.
They're going to hang Tom.
They're going to hang her.
They're going to hang him.
They're going to hang you.
They're going to have a baby.
They're going to have a look.
They're going to have a lot more questions than we do.
They're going to have a party next week.
They're going to have a problem, I think.
They're going to have problems.
They're going to have their hands full.
They're going to have to learn to cook.
They're going to hear us.
They're going to hide the boss.
They're going to hurt themselves.
They're going to kick me off the course.
They're going to kick me out of the country.
They're going to kick me out of the house.
They're going to kill Tom.
They're going to kill her.
They're going to kill him.
They're going to kill me.
They're going to kill themselves.
They're going to kill us all!
They're going to kill us all.
They're going to kill us.
They're going to kill you.
They're going to knock down that monument.
They're going to leave a night earlier.
They're going to lie down now.
They're going to like me.
They're going to look for Tom at the airport.
They're going to love it.
They're going to love me.
They're going to make 50 new job positions.
They're going to make dinner.
They're going to make fun of you!
They're going to make it.
They're going to make mistakes.
They're going to miss their flight.
They're going to murder him.
They're going to need help.
They're going to need to quarry a lot of limestone in order to build the new church.
They're going to open another restaurant just like this, but with a beach view.
They're going to operate on Tom.
They're going to paint the fence tomorrow.
They're going to paint their car blue.
They're going to paint their car.
They're going to paint their cars blue.
They're going to paint their cars.
They're going to pay by cheque.
They're going to pay him back.
They're going to pay it back.
They're going to plant a garden next spring.
They're going to play baseball after school.
They're going to refund it.
They're going to reimburse him.
They're going to reimburse it.
They're going to rewatch the episode.
They're going to school.
They're going to scold me.
They're going to see the artist.
They're going to see the president.
They're going to sell their house.
They're going to sell their houses.
They're going to send up a rocket.
They're going to shoot Tom.
They're going to shoot her.
They're going to shoot him.
They're going to shoot you.
They're going to show us the documents.
They're going to sleep now.
They're going to sleep well tonight.
They're going to sleep.
They're going to spread rumors about you.
They're going to start a business some day.
They're going to stay a while with them, aren't they?
They're going to take care of it themselves.
They're going to take care of it.
They're going to take care of themselves.
They're going to take me with them.
They're going to take their time.
They're going to tear their house down.
They're going to tear their houses down.
They're going to tear this house down next month.
They're going to tell me the results on Monday.
They're going to tell you.
They're going to the bakery.
They're going to the basketball game tomorrow.
They're going to the concert.
They're going to the doctor.
They're going to the hospital.
They're going to the mosque.
They're going to the party tomorrow.
They're going to the pharmacy.
They're going to the toilet.
They're going to the war.
They're going to think I've lost it.
They're going to think I've lost my mind.
They're going to throw me out of the country.
They're going to throw me out of the house.
They're going to torture Tom.
They're going to torture her.
They're going to torture him.
They're going to torture us.
They're going to torture you.
They're going to trap us.
They're going to try.
They're going to wait here for their sister.
They're going to walk to that place.
They're going to water the garden.
They're going to win.
They're going to work for her.
They're going to write a sentence in German.
They're going with her.
They're going without knowing where.
They're going.
They're gone.
They're gonna auction off some of his art this week.
They're gonna go crazy for us.
They're gonna know that you converted to Islam.
They're good at their jobs, aren't they?
They're good boys.
They're good enough.
They're good folks.
They're good friends of ours.
They're good friends.
They're good neighbors.
They're good people.
They're good principles.
They're good to go.
They're good, aren't they?
They're good.
They're gorgeous.
They're gossiping about you.
They're gotten their confidence back.
They're grateful for the support.
They're great kids.
They're great!
They're great.
They're green.
They're greeting the guests.
They're grounded for the entire summer.
They're grounded.
They're grouped into fives.
They're growing lettuce in Algeria.
They're grown men.
They're guests.
They're had their licenses suspended.
They're handcuffed.
They're handed in their resignations.
They're handing out free samples.
They're handling the issue with levity.
They're hanging up in the closet.
They're happy traveling by themselves.
They're happy with that old Volvo.
They're happy with their new flat.
They're happy with their new jobs.
They're happy.
They're hard on themselves.
They're hard to find.
They're hard to make.
They're hard to please.
They're hardly ever home.
They're harmless.
They're having a Mexican dinner on their date.
They're having a baby.
They're having a break at the moment.
They're having a conversation.
They're having a dispute about money.
They're having a diving contest this afternoon.
They're having a going-out-of-business sale.
They're having a hard time.
They're having a little chat with the principal.
They're having a meeting.
They're having a party in the apartment upstairs.
They're having a really good time.
They're having a sleep after lunch.
They're having a social at the church tonight.
They're having an afternoon kip.
They're having an afternoon nap.
They're having extreme money problems.
They're having fun with it.
They're having fun with this.
They're having fun.
They're having guests over to eat tonight.
They're having lunch.
They're having problems with their budget.
They're having sex tonight.
They're having the final exam this Friday.
They're having the same problems we are.
They're having the time of their lives.
They're having their wedding ceremony today.
They're headed this way.
They're heading for ticci.
They're heading in my direction.
They're heading my way.
They're heading straight for us.
They're heading this way.
They're heading to Algeria.
They're heading towards Algeria in the belief they can find a good life there.
They're headquartered in Algiers.
They're healthy.
They're heavily armed.
They're helping Skura.
They're helping the kids with the math test.
They're here because they're my friends.
They're here for a computer.
They're here for good.
They're here for me.
They're here now.
They're here to fix the heating system.
They're here to pick up the bracelet.
They're here to promote their new book.
They're here to promote their new books.
They're here to protect Tom.
They're here to protect her.
They're here to protect him.
They're here to protect you.
They're here to save us.
They're here until the end of the week.
They're here.
They're heroes.
They're hesitating to invade.
They're hesitating.
They're hiding in the closet.
They're hiding in the woods.
They're hiding it from you because what they did is indefensible.
They're hiding something from me.
They're hiding.
They're hiking.
They're his adoptive parents.
They're hitting.
They're holding Tom prisoner.
They're holding a clearance sale.
They're holding a liquidation sale.
They're holding a parents' meeting today.
They're holding hands under their desks.
They're holding packages in their hands.
They're hollow.
They're home.
They're homeless.
They're homosexual.
They're honking their horns.
They're hookers.
They're hoping for the rain to come.
They're hoping that the weather will be good.
They're hoping the wheat harvest will be good this year.
They're hoping we'll do that for them.
They're hoping we'll do that with them.
They're hoping you'll help them.
They're horrible.
They're hostile to Islam and Muslims.
They're hot chips.
They're hot.
They're hungry this morning.
They're hungry.
They're hunting deer today.
They're hunting hornbills in the area.
They're hurt.
They're hypothetical data.
They're identical.
They're idiots.
They're ignoring me.
They're ignoring us.
They're ill, that's why they haven't gone to school.
They're ill.
They're imbeciles.
They're immature.
They're immodestly dressed.
They're immune.
They're impressed.
They're imprisoning gourmands for their sinful gluttony.
They're improving the road.
They're improving.
They're in Algiers, waiting to board a plane home.
They're in Australia.
They're in Boston.
They're in China.
They're in Kabylie.
They're in Maths class.
They're in a bad mood.
They're in a crisis right now.
They're in a library.
They're in a long-distance relationship.
They're in a singing group.
They're in aisle two.
They're in bed.
They're in big trouble.
They're in charge with reconciling the bank statements.
They're in control.
They're in custody.
They're in danger.
They're in ecstasy.
They're in favor of your plan.
They're in here.
They're in love with each other.
They're in love.
They're in math class.
They're in much bigger trouble than that.
They're in my head.
They're in my office.
They're in need of gold.
They're in no hurry to sell their car.
They're in no hurry to sell their cars.
They're in prison.
They're in separate rooms.
They're in so much trouble.
They're in the car.
They're in the eye of the storm.
They're in the forest.
They're in the garden as well.
They're in the garden too.
They're in the garden.
They're in the hallway outside the bedroom.
They're in the hallway.
They're in the hospital.
They're in the hot tub.
They're in the library.
They're in the living room.
They're in the middle of finalizing a transaction.
They're in the mountains.
They're in the pocket of big corporations.
They're in the restaurant.
They're in the same ballpark.
They're in the same team.
They're in the science lab.
They're in the shower.
They're in the staffroom.
They're in the store. It'll be a while!
They're in the street.
They're in the swimming pool.
They're in the tub with warm water.
They're in the way.
They're in the well.
They're in their bedrooms, aren't they?
They're in their bedrooms, sound asleep.
They're in their bedrooms.
They're in their car, aren't they?
They're in their car.
They're in their cars, aren't they?
They're in their cars.
They're in their early thirties.
They're in their element.
They're in their first year at college.
They're in their house.
They're in their late teens.
They're in their late thirties.
They're in their mid-thirties.
They're in their offices at their desks.
They're in their offices waiting.
They're in their offices, aren't they?
They're in their offices, working.
They're in their offices.
They're in their pajamas.
They're in their prime.
They're in their room, changing clothes.
They're in their rooms now, aren't they?
They're in their rooms now.
They're in their rooms packing right now.
They're in their rooms sleeping.
They're in their rooms studying French.
They're in their rooms, aren't they?
They're in their rooms.
They're in their seats, aren't they?
They're in their seats.
They're in their tent, aren't they?
They're in their tent.
They're in their tents, aren't they?
They're in their tents.
They're in their thirties, aren't they?
They're in their thirties.
They're in training.
They're in trouble.
They're in trouble. Can you help them?
They're in.
They're incorrigible.
They're incredible.
They're indecisive. They don't know what they want.
They're independent women.
They're indifferent.
They're individualists who don't belong here.
They're infected.
They're inflicting violence on women.
They're innocent men.
They're inquisitive.
They're insane.
They're inseparable friends.
They're inseparable.
They're inside.
They're insincere.
They're insufferable.
They're insulting Algeria.
They're insulting Muslims.
They're intelligent and voracious.
They're interested in politics.
They're interested in swimming.
They're interested in us.
They're interested.
They're interesting people.
They're interesting.
They're interns.
They're interrogating Tom.
They're interrogating her.
They're interrogating him.
They're interviewing Tom.
They're interviewing her.
They're interviewing him.
They're intimidating.
They're investigating a crime.
They're investigating the problem.
They're invited.
They're involved.
They're jealous of my noodles.
They're jealous of you.
They're jealous.
They're jealous; that's all.
They're jealous; that's it.
They're jittery.
They're joking.
They're just a bunch of scammers trying to keep their funding coming in.
They're just a bunch of uneducated superstitious idiots.
They're just a few bad apples.
They're just about to solve the mystery.
They're just actors.
They're just an ordinary couple.
They're just apologizing because they got caught and have no choice.
They're just as busy as Tom is.
They're just as busy as Tom.
They're just back from school.
They're just being themselves.
They're just cats being cats.
They're just different.
They're just doing it for Internet points.
They're just doing their duty.
They're just doing their job.
They're just evil.
They're just fake swords.
They're just fiddling around with that computer.
They're just for you.
They're just going along with everything.
They're just going to the shop over there.
They're just grackles.
They're just growing pains, Tom.
They're just grumbles. There's no need to take it seriously.
They're just guesses.
They're just human.
They're just jealous of you and me.
They're just jealous of you.
They're just jealous that we're having fun.
They're just jealous.
They're just lazy.
They're just like rats leaving a sinking ship.
They're just looking at the pictures they took on the trip last week.
They're just messing around with that computer.
They're just normal people.
They're just out of my price range.
They're just passengers in this life.
They're just regular people.
They're just rich kids.
They're just students.
They're just taking care of themselves.
They're just talking shit.
They're just telling the truth.
They're just trying to help.
They're just using you.
They're just words.
They're just young boys.
They're keeping it under wraps.
They're keeping silent.
They're keeping their dream alive.
They're keeping their fingers crossed.
They're keeping their promise.
They're keeping their promises.
They're kidding.
They're kids' toys.
They're kids, you know.
They're kids.
They're killing me.
They're killing the planet.
They're kind of a cult, but not a very harmful one.
They're kind of fun.
They're kind of serious.
They're kissing.
They're known for their pioneering technique.
They're late again.
They're late, as usual.
They're late.
They're laughing their heads off.
They're laughing themselves silly.
They're laughing.
They're launching a new production line.
They're lazy men.
They're lazy people.
They're lazy.
They're leading a country into a huge danger.
They're learning Berber.
They're learning English.
They're learning Esperanto.
They're learning French.
They're learning the Qur'an.
They're leaving for the church now.
They're leaving the house.
They're leaving us.
They're leaving.
They're lesbians.
They're less a political party and more one conman and his retinue of suckers.
They're lifting the cow out of the well.
They're lighting the candle and asking the great kind God for happiness.
They're like a married couple.
They're like a state within a state.
They're like chalk and cheese.
They're like chess pieces moving on the chessboard.
They're like family.
They're like kids themselves sometimes.
They're like one big happy family.
They're like prostitutes.
They're like two lovebirds.
They're likely to cancel school tomorrow because of the heavy snow.
They're likely to do that by themselves.
They're likely to forget their promise.
They're likely to forget their promises.
They're listening to music.
They're listening to the news.
They're listening to the radio.
They're listening.
They're lively dogs.
They're living by themselves now.
They're living by themselves, aren't they?
They're living by themselves.
They're living here.
They're living in Algeria but their goal is Europe.
They're living in a dream.
They're living in a fantasy world.
They're living in a world of delusion.
They're living in lala-land.
They're living in poverty.
They're living in their own world of delusion.
They're living their dream.
They're living under siege.
They're living with their mother.
They're living with their parents.
They're loading coal into the ship now.
They're loading crude oil onto the ship.
They're loading now.
They're locked in.
They're looking at a pretty tulip.
They're looking at my beautiful chickens.
They're looking at my pretty rose.
They're looking at the menu at the diner.
They're looking at us.
They're looking at you.
They're looking at your beautiful roses.
They're looking at your beautiful tulips.
They're looking for Tom in Australia.
They're looking for Tom.
They're looking for a babysitter for tonight.
They're looking for a book.
They're looking for a friend of theirs.
They're looking for a scapegoat.
They're looking for an excuse.
They're looking for chopsticks.
They're looking for each other.
They're looking for gold.
They're looking for her.
They're looking for him.
They're looking for it.
They're looking for my book.
They're looking for someone.
They're looking for the emergency exit.
They're looking for their car keys.
They're looking for their cat.
They're looking for their dog, aren't they?
They're looking for their dog.
They're looking for their glasses.
They're looking for their keys.
They're looking for their parents.
They're looking for their passports.
They're looking for trouble.
They're looking for us.
They're looking for volunteers.
They're looking for where Tom hid the cash.
They're looking for work.
They're looking for yams in the jungle.
They're looking for you.
They're looking into it.
They're looking into the problem.
They're losers.
They're losing the media battle.
They're losing the media war.
They're losing their patience.
They're losing.
They're lost.
They're loud.
They're lovely.
They're low-quality.
They're lucky no one saw them do that.
They're lucky nobody saw them do that.
They're lucky that they have a job.
They're lucky that we helped them.
They're lucky to be alive.
They're lucky to have a job.
They're lucky.
They're lying in the shade.
They're lying in wait.
They're lying next to each other.
They're lying on the table.
They're lying to us.
They're lying to you about that.
They're lying.
They're mad about each other.
They're mad at you for lying to them.
They're mad at you.
They're mad.
They're made for each other.
They're made of meat.
They're made their feelings clear.
They're made their intentions clear.
They're making a biopic about Tom.
They're making a fire.
They're making a gallows just for you, buddy.
They're making a hell of a noise.
They're making a movie.
They're making a musical.
They're making a sitcom about Tom and Mary.
They're making easy money.
They're making everyone in the tribe laugh!
They're making fools of themselves.
They're making fun of Jesus, peace be upon him.
They're making fun of you.
They're making me do it.
They're making money in Algeria.
They're making out in a coffee shop.
They're making out in the car.
They're making progress.
They're making something or other here.
They're making their beds.
They're making their way from sub-Saharan Africa to Europe via Algeria.
They're making themselves sandwiches.
They're making too much noise. I can't concentrate.
They're making very sophisticated weapons.
They're managing all right on their own.
They're manipulating you.
They're manipulative.
They're married now.
They're married.
They're master manipulators.
They're meeting on Tuesday, 11 July at 7 p.m.
They're meeting the professor.
They're meeting the teacher.
They're melting!
They're men.
They're merely assumptions.
They're miles away.
They're mine.
They're mine. I got them from the freezer, and I put them on my plate.
They're minors.
They're missing a player.
They're mistaken.
They're mixed up; they wanted to say something else.
They're mobilizing the military in this area.
They're mocking Italians.
They're mocking you.
They're models.
They're monitoring proceedings.
They're more emotional than us.
They're more emotional than we are.
They're more scared of us than we are of them.
They're more scared of you than you are of them.
They're more than friends.
They're mortal enemies.
They're mostly Algerian.
They're mostly Muslim.
They're mostly of Berber origin.
They're mostly refugees.
They're mothers.
They're motivated.
They're moving away.
They're moving back to Kabylie, Algeria.
They're moving fast.
They're moving house next month.
They're moving houses.
They're moving out of Algeria.
They're moving out.
They're moving to Kabylie, Algeria.
They're moving to Serbia.
They're moving toward us.
They're moving.
They're much less direct than that.
They're much older than they say they are.
They're much taller than we are.
They're multiplying faster than we can kill them off.
They're multiplying like rabbits.
They're mumbling.
They're murderers.
They're my allies.
They're my books.
They're my classmates.
They're my cousin.
They're my cousins.
They're my enemies.
They're my father's parents, so they're my paternal grandparents.
They're my favorite.
They're my favourite.
They're my fellow Muslims.
They're my friends from work.
They're my friends.
They're my godparents.
They're my grandma's dentures.
They're my guests.
They're my leaders.
They're my parents.
They're my partner.
They're my patients.
They're my pens.
They're my students.
They're my teacher.
They're my therapist.
They're nail clippers.
They're natural.
They're nearby.
They're nearly there.
They're needy.
They're neighbors.
They're nerds.
They're nervous.
They're never afraid.
They're never direct.
They're never happy.
They're never in the same bed anyway.
They're never there.
They're never wrong.
They're new Muslims.
They're new.
They're next door.
They're next-door neighbours.
They're nice guys.
They're nice kids.
They're nice people.
They're nice words, but far from the truth.
They're nice.
They're no competition; our team can beat them hands down.
They're no fools.
They're no good.
They're no longer a couple.
They're no longer dominating the narrative.
They're no longer my neighbours.
They're no longer young.
They're no use to me.
They're noisy.
They're nomads.
They're non-GMO.
They're non-binary.
They're nonbinary.
They're normal kids.
They're normal people.
They're not Bosnian citizens.
They're not Chinese.
They're not Chinese. They're British.
They're not Chinese; they're British people.
They're not French.
They're not Muslim anymore.
They're not Muslim.
They're not a cooperative; they just appropriate the aesthetic of one.
They're not a cult.
They're not a threat.
They're not able to agree on anything.
They're not able to say that.
They're not afraid anymore.
They're not afraid at all.
They're not afraid of attacks.
They're not afraid of hard work.
They're not afraid of love.
They're not afraid of me.
They're not afraid of political correctness.
They're not afraid to speak their minds.
They're not afraid.
They're not all asleep.
They're not all bad.
They're not all busy.
They're not all criminals.
They're not all violent.
They're not allowed in here.
They're not alone! Many young people are uniting to share a solidarity recital and support those affected by the storm.
They're not alone.
They're not always right.
They're not always there.
They're not anxious.
They're not as bad as they look.
They're not as bossy as they used to be.
They're not as busy as they seem to be.
They're not as busy as they used to be.
They're not as crazy as they used to be.
They're not as cute as they used to be.
They're not as fast as I am.
They're not as fast as they once were.
They're not as fast as they used to be.
They're not as fat as they used to be.
They're not as fun as they used to be.
They're not as funny as they used to be.
They're not as fussy as they used to be.
They're not as good as they think.
They're not as happy as they should be.
They're not as heavy as they used to be.
They're not as innocent as they seem.
They're not as lazy as they used to be.
They're not as lucky as they used to be.
They're not as naive as they used to be.
They're not as nasty as they used to be.
They're not as neat as they used to be.
They're not as nice as they used to be.
They're not as old as they look.
They're not as old as they say they are.
They're not as old as they seem.
They're not as picky as they used to be.
They're not as poor as they used to be.
They're not as pushy as they used to be.
They're not as quick as they once were.
They're not as rich as they say they are.
They're not as rich as they used to be.
They're not as rude as they used to be.
They're not as scary as they used to be.
They're not as shy as they used to be.
They're not as slow as they used to be.
They're not as smart as they look.
They're not as spry as they used to be.
They're not as stupid as they seem.
They're not as thin as they used to be.
They're not as tidy as they used to be.
They're not as timid as they used to be.
They're not as tough as they look.
They're not as tough as they seem.
They're not as tough as they used to be.
They're not as ugly as they used to be.
They're not as weak as they used to be.
They're not as weird as they used to be.
They're not as witty as they used to be.
They're not as young as they look.
They're not as young as they say they are.
They're not ashamed of what they did.
They're not at all alike.
They're not at all similar.
They're not auditors or even consultants.
They're not back yet.
They're not bad at all!
They're not bad!
They're not bad.
They're not big fans of mine.
They're not big, but they're strong.
They're not born racists.
They're not busy at all.
They're not busy.
They're not cold.
They're not coming after us.
They're not coming after you.
They're not coming back.
They're not coming today.
They're not coming.
They're not comparable — the original knocks the spots off the copyists.
They're not compatible.
They're not confused.
They're not criminals.
They're not daft.
They're not dead.
They're not disappointed.
They're not doctors.
They're not doing anything wrong.
They're not doing the best they can.
They're not done with the autopsy yet.
They're not done.
They're not drunk, but they've been drinking.
They're not educated about Islam.
They're not entirely of Berber heritage.
They're not even Algerian.
They're not even trying to understand.
They're not evil.
They're not examples.
They're not excited.
They're not expensive.
They're not fairy tales.
They're not farmers.
They're not fat.
They're not fed accurate information.
They're not following me.
They're not following.
They're not foreigners; they've been here longer than you have.
They're not freaks.
They're not friends.
They're not fully dire wolves, though.
They're not funny.
They're not getting a penny.
They're not getting married.
They're not giving him the time of day.
They're not going anywhere.
They're not going away.
They're not going to accompany the children to school.
They're not going to act against it.
They're not going to be able to find the hotel.
They're not going to be ready.
They're not going to build bridges in France.
They're not going to build libraries in Turkey.
They're not going to bust Sami.
They're not going to catch us.
They're not going to change.
They're not going to die.
They're not going to give up on us.
They're not going to give up.
They're not going to give you this job.
They're not going to learn anything in Finland.
They're not going to learn their lesson.
They're not going to leave us alone.
They're not going to let anything happen to Tom.
They're not going to make a move without Tom.
They're not going to make it easy for us.
They're not going to make it out of this place.
They're not going to make it work.
They're not going to play the next game.
They're not going to quit.
They're not going to regret this decision.
They're not going to sack you.
They're not going to sell their house.
They're not going to sell their houses.
They're not going to stop Tom.
They're not going to stop her.
They're not going to stop him.
They're not going to stop you.
They're not going to stop.
They're not going to take Dad's money.
They're not going to take the children to school.
They're not going to tell the truth.
They're not going to use a helicopter.
They're not gonna bust Sami.
They're not good people.
They're not good.
They're not green.
They're not happy.
They're not hard to find.
They're not helping.
They're not here for you.
They're not here yet.
They're not here.
They're not here. They went home.
They're not home now.
They're not home yet.
They're not hungry.
They're not idiots.
They're not illegal.
They're not important.
They're not in China.
They're not in a position to say that.
They're not in that meeting.
They're not in the city.
They're not in the habit of showing their feelings.
They're not in their bedrooms.
They're not in their tent.
They're not interested in other languages.
They're not interested in politics.
They're not interested in the causes of the haze.
They're not jealous.
They're not just roommates. They're also lovers.
They're not just roommates. They're lovers.
They're not just telling stories.
They're not kidding.
They're not leaving anywhere.
They're not leaving.
They're not leaving. They'll never leave.
They're not like people say they are.
They're not like us.
They're not like you.
They're not likely to catch me.
They're not likely to get married.
They're not listening to me.
They're not living together.
They're not local.
They're not looking at me.
They're not looking.
They're not lying.
They're not made anymore.
They're not making it easy for themselves.
They're not man enough to confront their sensitive inner natures.
They're not married.
They're not metal.
They're not mine.
They're not moving.
They're not my books.
They're not my enemies.
They're not my family.
They're not my friends.
They're not my neighbors anymore.
They're not my neighbours any more.
They're not my prisoners.
They're not my real parents.
They're not my rules.
They're not my words.
They're not native speakers of Berber.
They're not natural curls!
They're not offering us anything.
They're not old.
They're not open.
They're not our cars.
They're not paying attention.
They're not people; they're animals.
They're not picky about what they eat.
They're not practicing Islam.
They're not prepared for the consequences of this provocation.
They're not prepared for this.
They're not prepared.
They're not prisoners.
They're not pull-ups! They're my night gear.
They're not quarreling, but rather rehearsing a play.
They're not quiet at all.
They're not ready for tattoos.
They're not ready for us.
They're not ready yet, are they?
They're not ready.
They're not real.
They're not related.
They're not responding.
They're not rich.
They're not rocks. They're minerals.
They're not roommates. They're lovers.
They're not ruining their clothing.
They're not saying that.
They're not saying this.
They're not selling drugs.
They're not serious about their studies.
They're not serious.
They're not sick.
They're not similar.
They're not so bad.
They're not soldiers.
They're not standing.
They're not stopping.
They're not stupid.
They're not such a bad lot.
They're not supervillains.
They're not sure how much they drank.
They're not sure how they got here.
They're not sure if they're right.
They're not sure that they can do that again.
They're not sure that they can do that.
They're not sure that they can win.
They're not sure that they have to do that.
They're not sure that they need to do that.
They're not sure that they ought to do that.
They're not sure that they should do that.
They're not sure that they want to do that.
They're not sure that they want to do this.
They're not sure that they're ready.
They're not sure they can do that again.
They're not sure they can do that.
They're not sure they can win.
They're not sure they have to do that.
They're not sure they need to do that.
They're not sure they ought to do that.
They're not sure they should do that.
They're not sure they want to do that.
They're not sure they want to do this.
They're not sure they're ready.
They're not sure what else they can do.
They're not sure what else they should do.
They're not sure what they did wrong.
They're not sure what they should do.
They're not sure what they'll do.
They're not sure what to do with Tom.
They're not sure what to do, are they?
They're not sure why they're here.
They're not sure.
They're not suspicious.
They're not taking no for an answer.
They're not taking the kids to the party.
They're not talking.
They're not telling me the whole truth.
They're not telling us much.
They're not telling us the truth.
They're not that good.
They're not that stupid.
They're not the only ones.
They're not the problem, we are.
They're not the problem.
They're not the same thing.
They're not their enemies.
They're not there.
They're not thirsty.
They're not together any more.
They're not together anymore.
They're not together anymore. They're taking a break.
They're not together anymore?
They're not used to showing their feelings.
They're not used to their new jobs.
They're not very friendly at this restaurant.
They're not very friendly.
They're not very good at what they do.
They're not very transparent.
They're not watching TV now.
They're not wealthy.
They're not wearing their glasses today.
They're not wearing their glasses.
They're not wearing their hats.
They're not wearing their lab coats.
They're not wearing their new coats.
They're not wearing their seatbelts.
They're not wearing their uniforms.
They're not well known.
They're not well-suited for each other.
They're not what they seem.
They're not what they used to be.
They're not where I told them to wait.
They're not where they should be.
They're not where they want to be.
They're not willing to die for the land.
They're not young any more.
They're not young anymore.
They're not your friends anymore.
They're not your ideas anyway.
They're nothing but a miserable bunch that of people who miss the Franco regime.
They're nothing but ghouls.
They're now Muslim.
They're now a steady couple.
They're now alone.
They're now at home with their family.
They're now home with their family.
They're now in Tom's office.
They're now investigating the cause of the accident.
They're now living by themselves.
They're now making minimum wage.
They're now on their own, aren't they?
They're now on their own.
They're now straightening up their rooms.
They're now studying in their rooms.
They're nowhere to be found.
They're nuts.
They're observing me.
They're obsessed.
They're obviously a good team.
They're obviously enjoying themselves.
They're obviously too busy.
They're of Berber ancestry.
They're of Berber origin.
They're of Czech nationality.
They're of Portuguese nationality.
They're of human origin.
They're of no consequence.
They're of no use to you.
They're of partial Berber descent.
They're off of school tomorrow.
They're offended.
They're offering him a lifetime supply of shampoo.
They're often seen together.
They're old friends.
They're old now.
They're old.
They're older than Tom.
They're older than her.
They're older than him.
They're older than they look, aren't they?
They're older than they say they are.
They're older than you.
They're on a campaign to win hearts and minds.
They're on a diet.
They're on a strict diet.
They're on an island paradise.
They're on campus.
They're on commercials.
They're on good terms with their neighbors.
They're on good terms with their neighbours.
They're on his trail.
They're on our side.
They're on pins and needles.
They're on schedule.
They're on television.
They're on the eighth floor.
They're on the offense.
They're on the same side.
They're on the same team.
They're on their lunch break.
They're on their own now, aren't they?
They're on their own now.
They're on their own, aren't they?
They're on their own.
They're on their way back home.
They're on their way back to the office.
They're on their way back.
They're on their way here.
They're on their way home from school.
They're on their way home, aren't they?
They're on their way in.
They're on their way now.
They're on their way over.
They're on their way to school.
They're on their way to the airport.
They're on their way to the hospital.
They're on their way to work.
They're on their way, aren't they?
They're on their way.
They're on top of the books stacked in the corner.
They're one of my favourite bands but, unfortunately, I didn't get to see them live before they split up.
They're only $50 with two cans of shoe polish free of charge.
They're only crocodile tears.
They're only deceiving themselves.
They're only ideas.
They're only in it for the money.
They're only punishing themselves.
They're only rumours.
They're only thirty minutes away.
They're only trying to help.
They're only words.
They're onto us.
They're open till eight.
They're opening a new express lane at the supermarket.
They're opening the box.
They're opening the window.
They're organic.
They're organizing rallies everywhere.
They're original. Go ahead, smell them. They smell original.
They're orphans.
They're our English teacher.
They're our brothers.
They're our clients.
They're our friends.
They're our future.
They're our heroes.
They're our leaders.
They're our neighbors in Kabylie.
They're out front honking their horns.
They're out of breath.
They're out of control.
They're out of options.
They're out of sugar now.
They're out of their minds, aren't they?
They're out of their minds.
They're out of town.
They're out to get you.
They're out to lunch.
They're out walking their dog.
They're out walking their dogs.
They're out.
They're outside.
They're over here.
They're over there, you know, with their dog.
They're over there.
They're over there: the grandfather and his son.
They're packed like sardines on the bus.
They're packing their bags, aren't they?
They're packing their bags.
They're packing their suitcases.
They're packing their things into boxes.
They're paid to do that.
They're painting the cemetery wall.
They're painting the fence tomorrow.
They're painting the house themselves.
They're painting their fence.
They're painting their house, aren't they?
They're painting their rooms.
They're panning for gold.
They're parched.
They're parents who are always on their children's side.
They're parents.
They're part of a Christian extremist group.
They're part of a football team.
They're part of the family.
They're part of us.
They're part-time employees.
They're partying upstairs.
They're passionate about their work.
They're pathetic.
They're paying by cheque.
They're paying for the wedding.
They're paying him a ton of money to do that.
They're paying him a ton of money.
They're paying me a bundle to try their newest products.
They're paying really close attention.
They're paying rent.
They're paying too much.
They're peculiar and colored people.
They're people too.
They're people we work with.
They're perfect for each other.
They're perfectly safe, aren't they?
They're petrified with fear.
They're pigs.
They're pinning their hopes on a new deal being struck.
They're pinning their hopes on their new striker.
They're pirates.
They're pissing me off.
They're pitiful.
They're planning a small wedding with family and friends.
They're planning a trip to New York.
They're planning on building a bridge here.
They're planning to renovate their home.
They're planning to renovate their homes.
They're planning to repaint their house.
They're planning to repaint their houses.
They're planning to settle the score after dinner.
They're planning to tear this building down next year.
They're planning to visit the city late this afternoon.
They're playing Kabyle music.
They're playing a game.
They're playing baseball at the park.
They're playing baseball in the park.
They're playing basketball.
They're playing cards.
They're playing chess.
They're playing fetch with their dog.
They're playing fetch with their dogs.
They're playing football tomorrow.
They're playing football.
They're playing games on their phones.
They're playing good cop and bad cop with us.
They're playing hopscotch.
They're playing in the courtyard.
They're playing in the garden.
They're playing now.
They're playing on the slide.
They're playing our favorite song on the radio.
They're playing our song.
They're playing so nicely.
They're playing so well.
They're playing their saxophones.
They're playing together.
They're playing with their cat.
They're playing with their cats.
They're playing with their dog.
They're playing with their dogs.
They're playing with their toys.
They're plotting something sinister.
They're plotting to kill the king.
They're police officers.
They're policemen.
They're poor.
They're positive.
They're practicing their clarinets.
They're praying in the mosque.
They're praying.
They're predicting rain.
They're predominantly Muslim.
They're preoccupied with their studies.
They're prepared.
They're preparing a meal for us.
They're preparing food.
They're preparing for another attack.
They're preparing for possible tsunamis.
They're preparing for their own deaths.
They're pretty busy themselves.
They're pretty dedicated.
They're pretty friendly guys.
They're pretty good at it.
They're pretty good cooks themselves.
They're pretty good.
They're pretty harmless.
They're pretty loud.
They're pretty much alone.
They're pretty much in agreement.
They're pretty new.
They're pretty proud of themselves.
They're pretty sick.
They're prisoners.
They're probably American.
They're probably Americans.
They're probably Canadians.
They're probably all dead now.
They're probably alone in their rooms.
They're probably already dead.
They're probably dead.
They're probably drunk.
They're probably going to call off the wedding.
They're probably having sex right now.
They're probably in their rooms.
They're probably scared.
They're probably sleeping.
They're probably still in their offices.
They're probably still in their rooms.
They're probably studying.
They're probably tired.
They're probably together.
They're probably up in their rooms.
They're probably waiting for the traffic police.
They're professional singers.
They're protecting themselves.
They're protestants.
They're proud of me.
They're proud of their Berber heritage.
They're proud of their Berber identity.
They're proud of their children.
They're proud of their families.
They're proud of their family.
They're proud of their sons.
They're proud of their stamp collections.
They're proud of their students.
They're proud of their team.
They're proud of their work.
They're proud of themselves.
They're providing two relief trains for this route today.
They're public comments.
They're pushing their children to pick up Berber.
They're pushing their luck.
They're putting Algeria at risk.
They're putting a fence round the property.
They're putting down their weapons.
They're putting me in a difficult position.
They're putting on their coats.
They're putting on their jogging shoes.
They're putting on their shoes.
They're putting our area under a tornado watch.
They're putting stuff in their backpacks.
They're putting their house up for sale.
They're putting their shoes on.
They're putting up a big top in the field.
They're quicker than we are.
They're quiet.
They're quite big.
They're quite disagreeable, aren't they?
They're quite entertaining.
They're quite funny.
They're quite good at their jobs.
They're quite hard on themselves.
They're quite safe.
They're quite sharp.
They're quite small.
They're racists.
They're radicals in the sense that they're true to their roots.
They're raising a Quebec flag in front of their house.
They're raising my beautiful bunnies.
They're raking it in.
They're rapists.
They're rather important.
They're reactivating Three Mile Island's reactor for Microsoft.
They're reading a book.
They're reading books in their rooms.
They're reading from our computer.
They're reading her book.
They're reading his book.
They're reading in their bedrooms.
They're reading in their rooms.
They're reading the newspaper.
They're reading the text.
They're reading their newspapers.
They're reading.
They're ready for you.
They're ready to go, they just need to get out.
They're ready to leave for the airport.
They're ready to start.
They're ready, Tom.
They're ready.
They're really afraid.
They're really big.
They're really comfortable shoes.
They're really cool.
They're really gifted.
They're really good at making clothes.
They're really good at their jobs.
They're really good with their hands.
They're really good.
They're really harmless.
They're really incredible.
They're really obese.
They're really poor.
They're really pretty.
They're really proud of their children.
They're really proud of their kids.
They're really proud to speak Berber.
They're really scared.
They're really something.
They're really starting to gel as a team.
They're really tight.
They're really tired out.
They're really tired.
They're really ugly.
They're recovering from their injuries.
They're red.
They're redecorating.
They're refusing to do that.
They're refusing to pay their bills.
They're refusing to work.
They're related to each other.
They're relentless.
They're reluctant to accept anything new.
They're remodeling a portion of the store.
They're renovating their home, aren't they?
They're renovating their home.
They're renovating their homes.
They're renovating their house.
They're renovating their houses.
They're repairing their bicycles.
They're replacing the rotten piles under the bridge.
They're required to work eight hours every day.
They're rereading their favorite books.
They're respectful.
They're responsible for the money.
They're resting right now.
They're resting.
They're retreating.
They're reviewing all their options.
They're reviewing their options.
They're rich.
They're ridgy!
They're ridiculous.
They're riding their bicycles.
They're riding their bikes.
They're riding through the town in a horse-drawn carriage.
They're right behind me.
They're right behind us.
They're right behind you.
They're right here.
They're right outside.
They're right there, the sick black-and-white freight fare, prepping for the fight where no-one wins.
They're right, of course.
They're right.
They're ringing the doorbell.
They're rivals.
They're rolling in dough.
They're rough characters.
They're rubbing it in.
They're rude.
They're ruining the band.
They're ruining their clothing.
They're running away from the law.
They're running in place.
They're running late.
They're running out of ammunition.
They're running without shoes.
They're sabotaging your work.
They're sad, and when they say they don't know how to make fun of the indians, they lie.
They're sad.
They're safe for now.
They're safe.
They're sailing to Algiers.
They're satisfied.
They're savages.
They're saying something to their mother.
They're saying that Tom won't do it.
They're saying that the Sun's magnetic field is about to reverse or flip its polarity.
They're scared of public speaking.
They're scared out of their minds.
They're scared.
They're screwed.
They're scum.
They're searching for me.
They're searching for something to write with.
They're searching for the body.
They're second cousins.
They're secretive people.
They're secretive.
They're seeing each other secretly.
They're self-sufficient.
They're selfish.
They're selling burgers now.
They're selling dollars for eighty cents.
They're selling fish and meat.
They're selling shoes.
They're selling their house, aren't they?
They're selling their house.
They're selling their houses, aren't they?
They're selling their houses.
They're selling them two for the price of one.
They're sending help.
They're sending soldiers to protect us.
They're separated.
They're serious about their work.
They're severely injured.
They're shaking.
They're shallow.
They're sharp.
They're sharpening their pencils.
They're shooting at me.
They're shooting at us!
They're shooting at us.
They're short on cash.
They're shorter than me.
They're shy.
They're siblings.
They're sick of hearing from me.
They're sick.
They're similar, but they're not identical.
They're similar.
They're sincere.
They're singing a cappella.
They're singing in Berber.
They're singing the Algerian national anthem.
They're single.
They're sinking.
They're sisters.
They're sitting at their desks.
They're sitting at their usual table.
They're sitting at their usual tables.
They're sitting in the shade of the chestnut tree.
They're sitting in the shade of the chestnut trees.
They're sitting in their car.
They're sitting in their cars.
They're sitting on their beds.
They're six years apart.
They're skinny.
They're slavers. Stay away from them.
They're sleeping in their bedrooms.
They're sleeping in their car.
They're sleeping in their cars.
They're sleeping in their rooms.
They're sleeping like babies.
They're sleeping.
They're sleepy.
They're slow.
They're slowing down.
They're slowly destroying their economy.
They're small.
They're smart kids.
They're smart.
They're smiling at each other.
They're smiling.
They're smoking.
They're so adorable.
They're so alike I can never tell one from the other.
They're so cute together.
They're so cute.
They're so determined to ruin our projects.
They're so funny.
They're so good, cream and hot bread!
They're so right.
They're so stupid.
They're so tall!
They're so tired because they've been working around the clock for 2 days.
They're sold out.
They're solid members of the shul her mother helped found.
They're solving real-world problems.
They're some developers who aim to make a fast buck!
They're soon going to Algeria.
They're sorry.
They're sorted by colour.
They're sound asleep in their rooms.
They're speaking Berber.
They're speaking French.
They're speaking Irish.
They're speaking Portuguese.
They're speaking together.
They're speaking.
They're special.
They're speechless.
They're spies.
They're split into groups of five.
They're sponsoring the wedding.
They're spreading misinformation.
They're spying on me.
They're squatting in a ramshackle old factory at the moment.
They're stalling.
They're staring at Tom.
They're staring at each other.
They're staring at her.
They're staring at him.
They're staring at you.
They're starting to believe their own lies.
They're starting to throw things.
They're starving.
They're staying at home.
They're staying at their parents' place.
They're staying here with Grandma.
They're staying in the car.
They're staying there.
They're staying with their relatives.
They're staying, I'm going.
They're staying.
They're stealing your car!
They're stealing your ideas.
They're sticking by their decision.
They're still Muslim.
They're still alive.
They're still around.
They're still asleep in their rooms.
They're still at it.
They're still at their desks, aren't they?
They're still at their desks.
They're still available.
They're still chasing me.
They're still cleaning their rooms.
They're still considering their options.
They're still deeply religious.
They're still desperately trying to reestablish deterrence.
They're still doing their homework.
They're still down there.
They're still following us.
They're still friends today.
They're still going at it.
They're still good kids.
They're still here.
They're still hesitant to attack.
They're still in Australia.
They're still in Boston.
They're still in Kabylie.
They're still in business.
They're still in contact with each other.
They're still in their apartment.
They're still in their apartments.
They're still in their offices, aren't they?
They're still in their offices.
They're still in their pajamas.
They're still in their rooms, aren't they?
They're still in their rooms, studying.
They're still in their rooms.
They're still in their teens.
They're still in there.
They're still in touch with each other.
They're still inside with Antonio.
They're still inside.
They're still invited to the party.
They're still just friends, right?
They're still kissing.
They're still living here in Algeria.
They're still living in this dump.
They're still living under Dad's roof.
They're still living with their mom.
They're still living with their mother.
They're still living with their parents.
They're still looking for Tom.
They're still looking for a new manager.
They're still looking for him.
They're still looking.
They're still minors.
They're still my children.
They're still not answering their phones.
They're still not over their colds.
They're still not safe.
They're still out there.
They're still out.
They're still outside.
They're still removing the snow from the road.
They're still sleeping.
They're still so young.
They're still stunned.
They're still talking.
They're still there.
They're still there?
They're still thinking about it.
They're still together.
They're still underage.
They're still unpacking their clothes.
They're still unpacking their suitcases.
They're still unsure of themselves.
They're still up.
They're still waiting for their checks.
They're still waiting for us to make up our minds.
They're still where we left them.
They're still working at their computers.
They're still working on their computers.
They're still working.
They're still young.
They're stopping.
They're strange.
They're strangely close for two guys, don't you think?
They're strong enough.
They're strong.
They're stronger than her.
They're stronger than them.
They're stronger than us.
They're stronger than we are.
They're stuck in that room.
They're stuck in their lives.
They're stuck.
They're students.
They're studying French and web design.
They're studying at their desks.
They're studying giraffes in Ethiopia.
They're studying hard for their finals.
They're studying in their rooms now.
They're studying in their rooms.
They're studying law at Yale university.
They're studying the Bible.
They're studying the respiratory system at school.
They're studying to get into college.
They're studying.
They're stunned.
They're stupid.
They're subscribed.
They're such a heteronormative family.
They're such a nice girl; however, they're a boy.
They're such snobs.
They're sucking their thumbs.
They're suffering from an inferiority complex.
They're suffering from malaria.
They're suffering.
They're suffocating.
They're sunbathing around the pool.
They're sunbathing.
They're sunning themselves.
They're super late for the press conference.
They're supposed to be in their rooms.
They're supposed to be studying for the math test.
They're supposed to do that themselves.
They're supposed to drop off this money to Don Corleone in less than an hour.
They're sure that everybody saw them.
They're sure that everyone saw them.
They're sure they found water on the Moon. Can you believe them?
They're surprised.
They're surprisingly good.
They're surrendering.
They're surrounded.
They're surrounding us.
They're suspicious of me.
They're sweating.
They're swimming.
They're sympathetic.
They're taking Mary to A & E.
They're taking Mary to accident and emergency.
They're taking Mary to casualty.
They're taking Mary to the emergency room.
They're taking Tom to the emergency room.
They're taking a different car.
They're taking a long time.
They're taking a nap.
They're taking a plane to Prague in a few hours.
They're taking care of the baby.
They're taking fire.
They're taking good care of themselves.
They're taking off their coats.
They're taking off their shoes.
They're taking out the trash.
They're taking pictures.
They're taking the freight out of the train car.
They're taking their time.
They're taking their young children to the mosque.
They're taking them to Algeria.
They're taking too long.
They're taking us for cash cows.
They're taking us for fools.
They're talking about Algeria.
They're talking about Algerian politics.
They're talking about a possible second quarantine.
They're talking about it everywhere.
They're talking about kids.
They're talking about long division while I'm still stuck on the times table.
They're talking about love.
They're talking about sports.
They're talking about you, Mary.
They're talking about you, Tom.
They're talking about you.
They're talking among themselves.
They're talking in Berber.
They're talking in the kitchen.
They're talking in their sleep again.
They're talking in their sleep.
They're talking over a cup of coffee in the cafeteria.
They're talking over each other.
They're talking to Tom.
They're talking to a neighbour.
They're talking to each other.
They're talking to her.
They're talking to him.
They're talking to you in Berber.
They're talking with each other.
They're talking with their friends.
They're talking.
They're tall for their age, aren't they?
They're tall for their age.
They're tallest.
They're taping the show for a movie.
They're tapping their feet impatiently.
They're tasting the rice.
They're teachers.
They're teaching Berber at a nearby school.
They're teaching Berber here.
They're teaching Berber next school year.
They're teaching our children about sexuality without our permission.
They're tears of joy.
They're telling a story.
They're telling us not to worry.
They're ten a penny.
They're tense.
They're terrible people.
They're terrible.
They're terrified of you.
They're terrified.
They're testing new equipment.
They're testing new weapons.
They're the aggressors.
They're the best of friends now.
They're the best.
They're the cream of the crop.
They're the defenders of the city.
They're the enemy.
They're the experts.
They're the fourth general elections held in only four years.
They're the future.
They're the joke of the entire community!
They're the kind of friends that can tell each other anything.
They're the ones that beat Tom up.
They're the ones who are paying.
They're the ones who are willing to talk about the problem.
They're the ones who dirtied them.
They're the ones who want to go.
They're the only ones Tom can trust.
They're the perfect family.
They're the police.
They're the real racists.
They're the right ones.
They're the same age.
They're the same picture.
They're the same.
They're the team to beat.
They're the ugliest shoes I've ever seen.
They're the youngest in their families.
They're their own worst enemies.
They're there alone.
They're there for a reason.
They're there now.
They're there with one of their friends.
They're there.
They're thieves and murderers.
They're thieves.
They're thin.
They're things that really give you pause for thought.
They're things that really make you think.
They're thinking about a preemptive strike.
They're thinking about getting married.
They're thinking about moving in together.
They're thinking about something else.
They're thirsty.
They're thirty dollars each.
They're thorough.
They're threatening to shoot the hostages.
They're threshing barley.
They're throwing money.
They're throwing papers around the room.
They're thugs.
They're ticklish.
They're tired of fighting.
They're tired of not doing anything.
They're tired of those.
They're tired of waiting.
They're tired.
They're to blame as well.
They're together again.
They're together now.
They're too anxious.
They're too big for me.
They're too big.
They're too busy to talk to you now.
They're too close.
They're too dangerous.
They're too difficult.
They're too far away.
They're too fat.
They're too generous with their money.
They're too generous with their time.
They're too hard on their children.
They're too late.
They're too many to count.
They're too nervous.
They're too noisy; I can't concentrate.
They're too picky.
They're too restless.
They're too self-absorbed to see how much work they're creating for their parents.
They're too small for me.
They're too small.
They're too strict.
They're too tired to work.
They're too tired.
They're too young to be here.
They're too young to live by themselves.
They're total opposites.
They're totally ignorant.
They're tough guys.
They're tough kids.
They're tough.
They're towing your car.
They're traffic lights.
They're trained in first aid.
They're trained to beat lie detectors.
They're training their dog.
They're training their dogs.
They're training.
They're traitors.
They're transferring to another school.
They're trapped.
They're traveling across Europe to go to Congress.
They're traveling by themselves.
They're traveling for work.
They're traveling in Turkey.
They're traveling to bgayet.
They're traveling west.
They're traveling with their parents.
They're treating me like a child.
They're trolling IRL.
They're true Muslims.
They're true and sincere Muslims.
They're true followers of Jesus.
They're trying hard.
They're trying out a new car.
They're trying really hard.
They're trying the rice.
They're trying their best to do that.
They're trying their best, aren't they?
They're trying their best.
They're trying to comprehend.
They're trying to control you.
They're trying to cook meat.
They're trying to cripple Russia's economy.
They're trying to divide us.
They're trying to do their best.
They're trying to drive me crazy!
They're trying to find their niche.
They're trying to fix their car.
They're trying to fix their cars.
They're trying to flex its walkaway power.
They're trying to frighten people.
They're trying to gerrymander their way to power.
They're trying to get an autograph.
They're trying to get pregnant.
They're trying to get their weight down.
They're trying to have a baby.
They're trying to help.
They're trying to keep costs down.
They're trying to kill her.
They're trying to make their car more environmentally friendly.
They're trying to make you look bad.
They're trying to make you look incompetent.
They're trying to make you unworthy.
They're trying to manipulate the kids with threats.
They're trying to mask their xenophobia.
They're trying to organize a new political party.
They're trying to paint them as something they are not.
They're trying to preserve the status quo, not to improve anything.
They're trying to preserve the status quo, not to improve the situation.
They're trying to preserve the status quo, not to improve themselves.
They're trying to preserve the status quo, not to improve things.
They're trying to preserve the status quo, not to improve.
They're trying to protect their children.
They're trying to protect their families.
They're trying to protect their kids.
They're trying to protect themselves.
They're trying to psychologically break them.
They're trying to raise your bail.
They're trying to re-establish the population of endangered animals.
They're trying to reach you.
They're trying to rein in the public opinion.
They're trying to restrain Tom.
They're trying to restrain her.
They're trying to restrain him.
They're trying to scare us.
They're trying to sell their car.
They're trying to sell their cars.
They're trying to sell their old car.
They're trying to silence us.
They're trying to steal it.
They're trying to tear us apart.
They're trying to turn us against each other.
They're trying to widen the road to the village.
They're trying.
They're tuning their guitars.
They're turning our kids against their country.
They're turning red.
They're twins.
They're two different words meaning the same thing.
They're two of a kind.
They're two very different things.
They're typical young people.
They're typical youngsters.
They're ugly as hatchlings.
They're ugly.
They're unable to bring their full might to bear.
They're unable to continue their lives together.
They're unable to do that on their own.
They're unable to make a living in the Algerian countryside.
They're unable to say that.
They're unbelievable.
They're unconscious.
They're undamaged.
They're under a lot of stress right now.
They're under arrest.
They're under fire.
They're underage.
They're unemployed.
They're unharmed.
They're uninjured.
They're united by their love for the Berber language.
They're university students.
They're unlikely to come by themselves.
They're unlikely to get married.
They're unpacking their clothes.
They're unpacking their suitcases.
They're unpredictable.
They're unrecognisable.
They're unreliable.
They're unwilling to change their plan.
They're unwilling to change their plans.
They're unwilling to go by themselves.
They're unwilling to wash the dishes.
They're up there.
They're up to no good.
They're up to something.
They're up to their old tricks again.
They're up.
They're updating their website.
They're upset.
They're upstairs doing their homework.
They're upstairs in their bedrooms.
They're upstairs in their rooms, crying.
They're upstairs in their rooms.
They're upstairs, crying in their rooms.
They're upstairs.
They're urging caution.
They're used to doing their own cooking.
They're used to getting their own way.
They're used to washing their clothes in the river.
They're useless now.
They're useless.
They're using that to spy on me.
They're using you.
They're usually with their friends.
They're vegan.
They're vegans.
They're vegetarians.
They're very active for their age.
They're very active in their communities.
They're very active in their community.
They're very angry with their children.
They're very anxious about their health.
They're very attached to each other.
They're very attentive.
They're very busy with their work.
They're very busy.
They're very capable.
They're very cheerful people.
They're very clean.
They're very clever.
They're very close friends.
They're very close.
They're very dangerous.
They're very dedicated to their jobs.
They're very dedicated to their work.
They're very dependent on their parents.
They're very enthusiastic.
They're very excited about it.
They're very fond of each other.
They're very fond of him.
They're very frugal with their money.
They're very generous with their money.
They're very generous with their time.
They're very good at their jobs.
They're very good friends.
They're very good to eat.
They're very good with their hands.
They're very good.
They're very happy that their team won.
They're very happy their team won.
They're very happy.
They're very hard on themselves.
They're very homophobic in that part of the US.
They're very important people.
They're very interesting things.
They're very intolerant.
They're very judgmental.
They're very likely to arrive next week.
They're very mature for their age.
They're very much in love.
They're very old friends.
They're very old.
They're very poor.
They're very practical.
They're very pretty.
They're very proud of their students.
They're very proud of themselves.
They're very salty waters.
They're very sensible boys.
They're very shy.
They're very sick.
They're very smart.
They're very stingy with their money.
They're very strange.
They're very strict with their children.
They're very successful.
They're very sure of themselves.
They're very tense.
They're very useful.
They're very well.
They're very, very good.
They're victims of a vicious dictatorship.
They're violating international law.
They're violent criminals.
They're violent for no reason.
They're waiting at the traffic lights.
They're waiting down the road.
They're waiting for Skura.
They're waiting for a war because they're bored.
They're waiting for an answer.
They're waiting for grandma for a while.
They're waiting for her.
They're waiting for him to come out of the house.
They're waiting for him.
They're waiting for it.
They're waiting for me to come up with ideas.
They're waiting for my call.
They're waiting for something.
They're waiting for the rain to fall.
They're waiting for the results to be published.
They're waiting for their checks.
They're waiting for their test results.
They're waiting for them.
They're waiting for us to cross the border.
They're waiting for us to finish this.
They're waiting for us to leave.
They're waiting for us.
They're waiting for you by the entrance.
They're waiting for you to help them.
They're waiting for you.
They're waiting on her.
They're waiting outside.
They're waiting up ahead.
They're waiting.
They're walking barefoot.
They're walking in.
They're walking their dog.
They're walking their dogs.
They're walking to school.
They're walking to the doctor's.
They're walking to the hospital.
They're walking towards me.
They're walking without shoes.
They're walking.
They're wandering.
They're warm.
They're warming themselves by the fire.
They're washing dishes.
They're washing his apples.
They're washing my apples.
They're washing the potatoes.
They're washing their apples.
They're washing their car right now.
They're washing their car.
They're washing their cars right now.
They're washing their cars.
They're washing their faces.
They're washing their hairs.
They're washing their hands.
They're wasting their time here.
They're wasting their time, aren't they?
They're wasting their time.
They're wasting time there again.
They're wasting time.
They're watching TV.
They're watching Tom.
They're watching a movie.
They're watching a new movie.
They're watching for the rainfall.
They're watching her.
They're watching him.
They're watching me.
They're watching over us.
They're watching television; that's why they can't hear us.
They're watching the commercial.
They're watching the game.
They're watching you.
They're watching.
They're watering their garden.
They're watering their gardens.
They're waving Algerian flags.
They're waving their arms.
They're way behind on their rent.
They're way too calm.
They're way too late.
They're weak.
They're wearing Kabyle dresses.
They're wearing casts on their arms.
They're wearing expensive clothes.
They're wearing masks.
They're wearing the hats that you gave them.
They're wearing the hats you gave them.
They're wearing their soccer uniforms.
They're wearing their uniforms.
They're wearing very expensive rings.
They're weird.
They're welcoming the guests.
They're welding.
They're welfare queens.
They're well liked by their students.
They're well looked after.
They're well off.
They're well-mannered.
They're well.
They're white.
They're who broke the window yesterday.
They're willing to do it.
They're willing to help us.
They're willing to let you go.
They're willing to talk about the problem.
They're with each other.
They're with her because they're her friends.
They're with me.
They're with their dog in the park.
They're with their dog.
They're with their dogs in the park.
They're with their dogs.
They're with their friends, aren't they?
They're with their friends.
They're with their parents now.
They're with their parents, aren't they?
They're with us.
They're women.
They're wonderful.
They're woodpeckers.
They're worked hard all their lives.
They're working at their desks.
They're working behind the scenes.
They're working frantically to finish before the deadline.
They're working hard to get the cable laid in time.
They're working in their garden.
They're working in their gardens.
They're working in their offices.
They're working on fixing the elevator.
They're working on it.
They're working on the problem.
They're working on their car, aren't they?
They're working on their cars, aren't they?
They're working on their third album.
They're working to localize the game for Western audiences.
They're working together in close cooperation.
They're working together.
They're working upstairs.
They're working.
They're worried about losing their jobs.
They're worried about their children.
They're worried about their future.
They're worried about their grades.
They're worried about their health.
They're worried for their safety.
They're worried.
They're worshiping God.
They're worth more than that.
They're writing an article for the school newspaper.
They're writing at their desks.
They're writing something.
They're writing.
They're wrong.
They're yelling at their computer.
They're yelling.
They're yellow.
They're young and happy.
They're young and healthy.
They're young, but they have experience.
They're young, they have their lives ahead of them and many dreams in their drawers.
They're young.
They're young. Let them live!
They're younger than they say they are.
They're your children.
They're your competition.
They're your daughters!
They're your friends, not mine.
They're your ideas.
They're your team.
They're yours, Tom.
They're yours.
They've abandoned their dog.
They've accused Tom of attempted robbery.
They've accused Tom of trespassing.
They've achieved outstanding results in a variety of fields.
They've achieved their goals.
They've admitted their guilt.
They've admitted their mistakes.
They've adopted a new plan.
They've adopted two boys from Asia.
They've aggravated the situation.
They've all been paged.
They've all disappeared.
They've all drowned.
They've all gone back home.
They've all gone crazy.
They've all gone to see the film.
They've all left.
They've all moved away.
They've all prepared themselves.
They've almost made up their minds.
They've already arrived.
They've already been alerted.
They've already been sold.
They've already cleaned up the mess.
They've already closed.
They've already eaten.
They've already finished the work.
They've already fixed it.
They've already forgotten what happened.
They've already forgotten.
They've already grown so attached.
They've already hired everyone they need.
They've already lost the war.
They've already postponed the opening of the airport several times.
They've already shut.
They've already sold their car.
They've already sold their cars.
They've already told you, haven't they?
They've already won.
They've altered their plans.
They've always been a pragmatic party with a social agenda, and because of its pragmatism, there is a window of opportunity here.
They've always been hypocrites and they've never cared about free speech.
They've always been like that.
They've always been petting each other.
They've always fought for justice.
They've always struck me as fake and empty.
They've announced the conviction.
They've announced their engagement.
They've apologized for their comments.
They've apparently changed their minds.
They've apparently got on the wrong train.
They've arrested Tom.
They've arrested a known previous offender.
They've arrested her.
They've arrested him.
They've arrested me.
They've arrested them.
They've arrested us.
They've arrived a bit late.
They've arrived on time.
They've arrived.
They've asked me to go down to the morgue and identify the body.
They've asked me to translate this book into French.
They've assured me that they'll be there.
They've assured me that they'll do that.
They've assured me they'll be there.
They've assured me they'll do that.
They've barely touched their food.
They've become lazy.
They've become suspicious about it.
They've become the laughingstock of the village!
They've become used to the cold.
They've been arrested.
They've been at it all night.
They've been at it for hours.
They've been at loggerheads for years.
They've been at sea for the past three weeks.
They've been beaten up.
They've been brainwashed.
They've been brought to them.
They've been building a lot of condos along this beach.
They've been busy cleaning their rooms.
They've been busy in their offices.
They've been busy, haven't they?
They've been caught.
They've been chanting for thirty minutes.
They've been chatting for two months.
They've been chosen.
They've been damaged.
They've been dance partners for more than 60 years.
They've been debating the ethics of the designer baby industry for hours.
They've been defending their country.
They've been deluding themselves.
They've been disappointed.
They've been doing that for years.
They've been doing their homework.
They've been dragging their feet.
They've been dying their hair.
They've been fantastic.
They've been fighting a lot more lately.
They've been fighting each other since forever.
They've been fighting for years.
They've been forced to turn tail.
They've been going out together for six months now.
They've been gone ages.
They've been greatly troubled by the conflicting moral and ethical dilemmas in this case, the first of its kind in this country to come before the court.
They've been here all their lives.
They've been here before.
They've been hoping for ages.
They've been husband and wife for ten years.
They've been hypnotized!
They've been in France, Germany, Spain, Portugal, United States, Canada, and Porto Rico.
They've been in their rooms all day.
They've been inseparable ever since they met.
They've been intercepted.
They've been keeping something from me.
They've been late every day.
They've been living beyond their means.
They've been living here for ten years.
They've been living in Paris for a year.
They've been looking for the plane for eight days, without success.
They've been looking for you in the hittites.
They've been looking for you in the valley of the angels.
They've been looking for you in the white house.
They've been looking for you in tikilsa.
They've been lying to me this whole time.
They've been lying, haven't they?
They've been married for fifty years.
They've been marvelous.
They've been on good terms with their neighbors.
They've been out there a long time.
They've been proven guilty.
They've been rivals for a long time.
They've been sentenced for procuring.
They've been shopping all day.
They've been slaving away for fifteen hours without a break.
They've been sleeping in their car.
They've been sleeping in their cars.
They've been spending a lot more time together lately.
They've been spending a lot of time together.
They've been spending more and more time together lately.
They've been spending more time together.
They've been staying with his parents while their flat is being redecorated.
They've been stopping passers-by.
They've been talking about it.
They've been talking on the phone for an hour.
They've been teasing Tom about his accent.
They've been there for a while.
They've been to France, Germany, Spain, Portugal, the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico.
They've been to Mexico.
They've been to Switzerland.
They've been together ever since.
They've been toiling for fifteen hours without a break.
They've been told they can't do that.
They've been told they have to do that.
They've been told they have to leave.
They've been told they should do that.
They've been trained.
They've been travelling together for a lifetime.
They've been trying this routine since forever.
They've been unlucky, haven't they?
They've been unusually quiet.
They've been very nice to me.
They've been waiting an entire year for this moment.
They've been waiting for a long time.
They've been waiting for me for a long time.
They've been watching for quite a while.
They've been working on a new vaccine.
They've bet the farm on it.
They've betrayed me without my knowledge.
They've booked a room in this hotel with a view of the sea.
They've booked a room with a view of the sea in that hotel.
They've both been released from prison.
They've both come.
They've both got a hat on.
They've bought a house in the suburbs.
They've bought a newspaper.
They've bought new loudspeakers.
They've bought some bread.
They've brainwashed you.
They've broken the glasses.
They've broken the window with their football; I'll let them have it.
They've brought up ten daughters!
They've buried Tom alive.
They've called off their trip.
They've canceled the show.
They've canceled their appointment.
They've canceled their party.
They've canceled their trip.
They've caught Tom.
They've caught her.
They've caught him.
They've caught the thief.
They've changed a lot.
They've changed the lock.
They've changed the rules.
They've changed the system.
They've changed their minds about that.
They've changed their minds again.
They've changed their minds.
They've changed their plans.
They've changed.
They've cleared off at last.
They've cleared out the place.
They've closed down all the youth clubs.
They've closed up.
They've collected some stones to build a wall.
They've come a long way.
They've come at just the right moment.
They've come back.
They've come out of their comas.
They've come to kill me.
They've come to make trouble.
They've compiled this huge binder database of lots of people in and around this area who have volunteered.
They've completely destroyed the city.
They've completely lost their minds.
They've confirmed it won't take more than two days.
They've confirmed that it won't take more than two days.
They've created a nonexistent disease.
They've created a prosthetic device with an encoder that mimics the neural language or pulses that are normally sent from the retina's ganglion cells to the brain where it is deciphered and perceived as imagery.
They've crossed the border.
They've crossed the road.
They've crossed the street.
They've cut down most of the trees for firewood.
They've cut off the electricity again.
They've dealt with the matter internally.
They've decided not to come.
They've decided not to sell their car.
They've decided not to sell their cars.
They've decided that they'll do that.
They've decided that they've had enough.
They've decided they'll do that.
They've decided they've had enough.
They've decided to close that factory.
They've decided to get married next month.
They've decided to give up smoking.
They've decided to quit their jobs.
They've decided to sell their car.
They've decided to sell their cars.
They've decided to sell their house.
They've decided to shut down this factory.
They've decided to shut this factory down.
They've definitely gotten a lot better.
They've defused the bomb successfully.
They've denied that they cheated.
They've denied that they did that.
They've denied they cheated.
They've denied they did that.
They've dislocated their shoulder.
They've done a good deed.
They've done all they can.
They've done an outstanding job.
They've done everything they can do.
They've done everything they can.
They've done hundreds of shows.
They've done it before.
They've done that again, haven't they?
They've done that, haven't they?
They've done the best they can do.
They've done the best they can.
They've done the right thing.
They've done the washing up.
They've done their best.
They've done their homework already.
They've done their homework.
They've done their work well.
They've done this before, haven't they?
They've done well for themselves.
They've done what they can.
They've done what they had to do.
They've done what they promised to do.
They've done what they were told to do.
They've done what we told them to do.
They've done your laundry.
They've driven Tom to hospital.
They've drunk the water.
They've dyed their hair black.
They've eaten too much salad today.
They've elected her mayor.
They've elected her president.
They've elected him mayor.
They've empty heads.
They've erected a statue in his honor.
They've escaped.
They've evened out the surface of this road, so it is a lot safer now.
They've fainted.
They've fallen behind in their work.
They've fed the dog.
They've finally abolished that law.
They've finally been reunited.
They've finally given up.
They've finally paid their rent.
They've finally paved our street.
They've finished eating, haven't they?
They've finished.
They've fired a lot of people this week.
They've fired him.
They've fooled you.
They've forgiven me.
They've forgotten everything.
They've found Tom alive.
They've found Tom.
They've found survivors.
They've found temporary accommodation somewhere.
They've found the appropriate solution.
They've furnished the library with a lot of books.
They've gained weight.
They've given people jobs.
They've gone across the road.
They've gone away.
They've gone back to their hotel.
They've gone crazy.
They've gone national.
They've gone out to eat.
They've gone out.
They've gone over the road.
They've gone to buy a baseball.
They've gone.
They've got a culture of their own.
They've got a day off school tomorrow.
They've got a dictionary.
They've got a good appetite this morning.
They've got a good team.
They've got a green carpet in the living room.
They've got a hostage.
They've got a house.
They've got a large apartment.
They've got a little cabin tucked away in the woods.
They've got a long history of colonialism, slavery orphanages, and pedophilia, and the Catholic Church still has the audacity to lecture LGBTQ people.
They've got a lot to do.
They've got a question.
They've got a show to give.
They've got a small house.
They've got a telephone next to their bed.
They've got a website.
They've got ants in their pants.
They've got broad shoulders.
They've got enough problems without us.
They've got enough time.
They've got enough to do already.
They've got everything here!
They've got everything under control.
They've got explosives.
They've got friends.
They've got guns.
They've got holes in them.
They've got it together.
They've got lazy.
They've got lost.
They've got lots of money and a huge house in the country.
They've got me curious.
They've got money.
They've got no shame.
They've got nothing this sophisticated.
They've got nothing to do with this case.
They've got plans.
They've got right of way.
They've got something for us.
They've got something to do with the scandal.
They've got spies everywhere.
They've got the best clothes for Valentine's Day.
They've got their eye on you.
They've got things they need to do.
They've got to be cut into slices.
They've got to do this.
They've got to go straight to school.
They've got to learn.
They've got to move faster.
They've got to sort it out themselves.
They've got to take their chances.
They've got to understand that he died, and he's not going to come back anymore.
They've got us by the short hairs.
They've got used to the cold.
They've gotten lazy.
They've had a little to drink.
They've had a nightmare.
They've had a talk.
They've had about all they can take.
They've had diabetes for generations!
They've had enough of your negative attitude. So, be positive!
They've had enough.
They've had heavy rains for over a week.
They've had it hard.
They've had plenty of time.
They've had their appendixes removed.
They've had their hair cut.
They've had their house repainted.
They've had their houses repainted.
They've hanged themselves.
They've helped a lot of people.
They've helped the needy.
They've hidden that suitcase.
They've hired Tom to be our basketball coach.
They've hired some new workers.
They've hired themselves a good lawyer.
They've hired themselves good lawyers.
They've hurt me a lot.
They've hurt their legs.
They've identified a very interesting trend in one of those research projects.
They've improved.
They've increased Tom's dosage.
They've increased the salaries.
They've injured themselves.
They've joined forces against him.
They've just announced that Tom Jackson has been arrested.
They've just announced their engagement.
They've just arrived at my home.
They've just arrived.
They've just called your name.
They've just finished secondary school.
They've just found Tom.
They've just found him.
They've just got here.
They've just got home from school.
They've just had their teeth cleaned.
They've just left.
They've just made me manager.
They've just returned.
They've just told me their plans.
They've kept their promise.
They've kept their promises.
They've known each other for a very long time.
They've known each other for years.
They've known that for a long time.
They've learned from their mistakes.
They've left the car in that street.
They've left their umbrellas on the bus.
They've left, but they'll be back.
They've left.
