I suggest not going to Australia in the winter.
I suggest not going to Boston in the winter.
I suggest not staying in Australia any longer than you have to.
I suggest not staying in Boston any longer than you have to.
I suggest paying for these additions.
I suggest putting a comma here.
I suggest replacing the full stop with an exclamation mark.
I suggest talking to Ekaterina before you have a conversation with Andrei.
I suggest that Tom sleep in my bed.
I suggest that Tom sleep with me. Haha.
I suggest that he come to Poland a bit earlier.
I suggest that he go study.
I suggest that he should go and study.
I suggest that if you have no solutions, you should be quiet.
I suggest that maybe Tom should take Mary home now.
I suggest that perhaps we should give Tom a second chance.
I suggest that that is not the solution.
I suggest that that is not true.
I suggest that the meeting be postponed.
I suggest that we both fall back.
I suggest that we build a new factory there.
I suggest that we could do that.
I suggest that we discuss politics.
I suggest that we do that.
I suggest that we don't do that today.
I suggest that we don't do that.
I suggest that we eat now unless you're not hungry yet.
I suggest that we give Tom a second chance.
I suggest that we give Tom another chance.
I suggest that we go out on Friday.
I suggest that we go to that new Chinese restaurant on Park Street.
I suggest that we have another meeting.
I suggest that we hold off on making a decision until all bids are in.
I suggest that we leave now, Tom.
I suggest that we leave.
I suggest that we let Tom do all the talking.
I suggest that we should build a new factory there.
I suggest that we speed things up a little.
I suggest that we stay home and watch TV.
I suggest that we take a new approach.
I suggest that we wait for Tom here.
I suggest that we wait until at least 2:30.
I suggest that you and Tom have a chat.
I suggest that you and Tom should have a chat.
I suggest that you apologize to Tom.
I suggest that you begin doing that right away.
I suggest that you begin doing that right now.
I suggest that you call Tom.
I suggest that you come to Australia in October.
I suggest that you control your impulses.
I suggest that you do it right away.
I suggest that you do it.
I suggest that you do more exercise to keep your blood pressure down.
I suggest that you do that later.
I suggest that you do that now.
I suggest that you do that quickly.
I suggest that you do that right away.
I suggest that you do that right now.
I suggest that you do that today.
I suggest that you do that tomorrow.
I suggest that you do that.
I suggest that you don't do that again.
I suggest that you don't do that.
I suggest that you don't go in that castle at midnight.
I suggest that you don't go to Australia in the winter.
I suggest that you don't go to Australia this winter.
I suggest that you don't kiss Tom anymore.
I suggest that you don't say a thing.
I suggest that you don't say anything about this to Tom.
I suggest that you don't stay in Australia any longer than you have to.
I suggest that you don't talk about yourself all the time.
I suggest that you don't tell Tom about what happened.
I suggest that you don't tell Tom about where you spent the weekend.
I suggest that you don't tell Tom what you do for a living.
I suggest that you don't trust Tom too much.
I suggest that you dress warmly.
I suggest that you eat now.
I suggest that you eat right now.
I suggest that you find a new line of work.
I suggest that you get some sleep.
I suggest that you give Tom your old computer.
I suggest that you give your old computer to Tom.
I suggest that you go and see Tom.
I suggest that you go and see a doctor about this as soon as you can.
I suggest that you go by train.
I suggest that you go there by taxi.
I suggest that you go to Australia with Tom next week.
I suggest that you go to Australia with Tom.
I suggest that you go to Australia.
I suggest that you go to Boston with Tom next week.
I suggest that you hurry if you plan to catch the next train.
I suggest that you ignore Tom.
I suggest that you ignore it.
I suggest that you keep your opinions to yourselves from now on.
I suggest that you leave the office at 3pm.
I suggest that you lie to Tom about where you spent the weekend.
I suggest that you not wait any longer.
I suggest that you park over there in the shade.
I suggest that you proceed very carefully.
I suggest that you put on some clean clothes.
I suggest that you read this document first.
I suggest that you rest for a while.
I suggest that you see Mr White.
I suggest that you see Mr. White.
I suggest that you see Tom.
I suggest that you should write him a thank-you letter.
I suggest that you start a behavioral therapy in order to cure yourself of your obsession with comas.
I suggest that you stay away from Tom.
I suggest that you study harder.
I suggest that you take a break and cool off a little.
I suggest that you take a nap.
I suggest that you talk to Tom.
I suggest that you try a different approach.
I suggest that you try to get some sleep.
I suggest that you visit Australia.
I suggest that you visit Boston.
I suggest that you visit some of the villages in the mountains.
I suggest that you visit some villages in the mountains.
I suggest that you wear an extra layer.
I suggest that you write her a thank-you letter.
I suggest that you write him a thank-you letter.
I suggest that your son come to our party.
I suggest that, out of politeness, we drink as little as possible.
I suggest the following change.
I suggest this would be a good time to take a break.
I suggest to you we form a permanent debate group.
I suggest trying to get some sleep.
I suggest unlinking this sentence from the Japanese one.
I suggest unlinking this sentence.
I suggest we adopt flexible tactics for the moment.
I suggest we agree to Tom's demands.
I suggest we all calm down.
I suggest we ask Tom what he wants to do.
I suggest we both fall back.
I suggest we both leave now and leave Tom and Mary to discuss this problem on their own.
I suggest we change clothes first.
I suggest we concentrate on finding a way out of this cave.
I suggest we concentrate on getting this done.
I suggest we continue.
I suggest we discuss politics.
I suggest we do that.
I suggest we don't do that.
I suggest we don't even try.
I suggest we drink as little as possible to be polite.
I suggest we eat just a little now, and then go out later.
I suggest we finish this tomorrow.
I suggest we first find out if Tom and Mary are interested in the job.
I suggest we first find out if Tom is interested in the job.
I suggest we forget our differences and try to cooperate.
I suggest we get a move on.
I suggest we get away from here as soon as possible.
I suggest we get back to business.
I suggest we get moving.
I suggest we get out of here as fast as we can.
I suggest we get started.
I suggest we give Tom a second chance.
I suggest we give Tom another chance.
I suggest we go for a walk.
I suggest we go home by cab.
I suggest we go home.
I suggest we go out for a drink.
I suggest we go out for coffee.
I suggest we go out on Friday.
I suggest we go out to have dinner.
I suggest we go outside and see what's happening.
I suggest we go over to Mary's and help her get ready for the party.
I suggest we go over to Tom's and help him get ready for the party.
I suggest we go without them.
I suggest we have a short break now.
I suggest we hurry.
I suggest we invite Tom to the party.
I suggest we leave before the guards see us.
I suggest we leave early.
I suggest we leave immediately.
I suggest we leave.
I suggest we let Tom do all the talking.
I suggest we move to a safer location.
I suggest we put on some clean clothes.
I suggest we reschedule a time.
I suggest we skip this part.
I suggest we stay home and watch television.
I suggest we swim across the river.
I suggest we take Tom's advice and go home.
I suggest we take it a little slower this time.
I suggest we take the stairs.
I suggest we try a little harder next time.
I suggest we try a little harder.
I suggest we wait for one more hour.
I suggest we wait until at least 2.30.
I suggest we wait until at least half past two.
I suggest we wait until at least half two.
I suggest we walk there.
I suggest you abandon that notion.
I suggest you all get out of this room as soon as possible.
I suggest you all study it.
I suggest you and Tom don't talk about Mary.
I suggest you and Tom have a chat.
I suggest you apply for that job.
I suggest you ask Tom that question.
I suggest you ask Tom.
I suggest you ask her.
I suggest you ask him.
I suggest you ask them.
I suggest you avoid asking Tom that question.
I suggest you back off.
I suggest you be a little more cooperative.
I suggest you be quiet.
I suggest you be smart and think about your future.
I suggest you begin at once.
I suggest you begin doing that right away.
I suggest you buy it.
I suggest you call an attorney.
I suggest you change it.
I suggest you come back home immediately.
I suggest you come to Australia in October.
I suggest you come with me.
I suggest you cook it.
I suggest you cooperate.
I suggest you discuss that with Tom.
I suggest you do as I say.
I suggest you do as he says.
I suggest you do as she says.
I suggest you do as they say.
I suggest you do as we say.
I suggest you do it quickly.
I suggest you do it right away.
I suggest you do it very carefully.
I suggest you do it.
I suggest you do that as soon as possible.
I suggest you do that as soon as you can.
I suggest you do that before Monday.
I suggest you do that by yourself.
I suggest you do that by yourselves.
I suggest you do that in October.
I suggest you do that quickly.
I suggest you do that right away.
I suggest you do that today.
I suggest you do that tomorrow instead of today.
I suggest you do that tomorrow.
I suggest you do that very carefully.
I suggest you do that with Tom.
I suggest you do that.
I suggest you do what Tom and Mary are doing.
I suggest you do what Tom and Mary ask you to do.
I suggest you do what Tom and Mary tell you to do.
I suggest you do what Tom asks you to do.
I suggest you do what Tom is doing.
I suggest you do what Tom says.
I suggest you do what Tom suggested.
I suggest you do what Tom tells you to do.
I suggest you do what he says.
I suggest you do what she says.
I suggest you do what they say.
I suggest you do your job and let me do mine.
I suggest you don't ask Tom so many questions next time.
I suggest you don't ask Tom that question.
I suggest you don't ask Tom those questions.
I suggest you don't do that again.
I suggest you don't do that anymore.
I suggest you don't do that.
I suggest you don't do what Tom and Mary are doing.
I suggest you don't do what Tom and Mary tell you not to do.
I suggest you don't do what Tom asked you to do.
I suggest you don't do what Tom is doing.
I suggest you don't do what Tom tells you not to do.
I suggest you don't go blabbing it around. Your husband would take it really hard.
I suggest you don't go to Australia in the winter.
I suggest you don't go to Australia this winter.
I suggest you don't kiss Tom anymore.
I suggest you don't let Tom see you.
I suggest you don't say a thing.
I suggest you don't stay in Australia any longer than you have to.
I suggest you don't tell Tom what you do for a living.
I suggest you drive.
I suggest you duck.
I suggest you eat it.
I suggest you empty the garbage.
I suggest you find a job.
I suggest you find a new line of work.
I suggest you get a good night's sleep.
I suggest you get a lawyer.
I suggest you get back in there and do your job.
I suggest you get back to work.
I suggest you get going.
I suggest you get ready for your guests.
I suggest you get some rest.
I suggest you get some sleep.
I suggest you get started.
I suggest you give Tom your old computer.
I suggest you give it back to Tom.
I suggest you give up.
I suggest you give your old computer to Tom.
I suggest you go back home and discuss this with your wife.
I suggest you go back the same way you came.
I suggest you go by train.
I suggest you go jogging with Tom.
I suggest you go to Australia with Tom next week.
I suggest you go to Australia with Tom.
I suggest you go to Australia.
I suggest you go to Boston with Tom.
I suggest you go to Boston.
I suggest you go to bed earlier.
I suggest you go to the hospital with Tom.
I suggest you go watch that movie.
I suggest you go west.
I suggest you have a native speaker read over your report to make sure there are no errors.
I suggest you have a talk with Mary.
I suggest you have a talk with Tom.
I suggest you help Tom do that.
I suggest you help us.
I suggest you hide.
I suggest you hurry.
I suggest you ignore it.
I suggest you keep a low profile.
I suggest you keep out of this.
I suggest you keep that to yourself.
I suggest you keep that to yourselves.
I suggest you keep your opinions to yourself from now on.
I suggest you keep your opinions to yourselves from now on.
I suggest you keep your voices down.
I suggest you laugh at Tom's jokes, even if they aren't funny.
I suggest you leave Tom alone.
I suggest you leave as soon as possible.
I suggest you leave before 2:30.
I suggest you leave immediately.
I suggest you leave the office at 3pm.
I suggest you leave.
I suggest you let Mary do what she wants to do.
I suggest you let Tom and Mary do what they want to do.
I suggest you let Tom do what he wants to do.
I suggest you let Tom go.
I suggest you let Tom handle this.
I suggest you let her go.
I suggest you let him go.
I suggest you let me go.
I suggest you let them go.
I suggest you let us go.
I suggest you let us handle this.
I suggest you listen carefully.
I suggest you make your bed every morning to start the day off right.
I suggest you move a bit more.
I suggest you not say anything else.
I suggest you not talk so loud.
I suggest you not write something banal, but something truly useful and interesting.
I suggest you occupy yourself with a more worthwhile endeavor rather than constantly trailing me around the website with your veiled insults.
I suggest you pay attention.
I suggest you pretend you're asleep.
I suggest you put it out of your mind.
I suggest you put that in your report.
I suggest you put that weapon down.
I suggest you read my post again.
I suggest you read what's written on that piece of paper I gave you.
I suggest you reconsider your decision.
I suggest you rest for a while.
I suggest you return to your quarters.
I suggest you return to your room.
I suggest you seek out a more positive avenue for self-expression rather than resorting to dogging me with passive-aggressive comments.
I suggest you send someone outside to see what's going on.
I suggest you should do away with this shop.
I suggest you shut the fuck up.
I suggest you shut up.
I suggest you start studying for the test right away.
I suggest you start your bedtime routine now, buddy.
I suggest you stay as close to us as possible.
I suggest you stay away from Tom.
I suggest you stay here until I get back.
I suggest you stay here until Tom and Mary get here.
I suggest you stay here until Tom gets here.
I suggest you stay out of my way.
I suggest you stop asking irrelevant questions.
I suggest you stop asking so many stupid questions.
I suggest you stop doing that right now.
I suggest you stop doing that.
I suggest you study French.
I suggest you study a little harder.
I suggest you study it.
I suggest you study.
I suggest you take a closer look at the contract.
I suggest you take a look at their proposal.
I suggest you take this a little more seriously.
I suggest you take your own advice first and then I'll follow suit.
I suggest you talk to Tom about Mary.
I suggest you talk to Tom about how to handle the situation.
I suggest you talk to Tom.
I suggest you talk to her.
I suggest you talk to him.
I suggest you talk to them.
I suggest you tell me the truth.
I suggest you tell us everything you know about Tom.
I suggest you to go absolutely on a trip to Ferrara and Ravenna.
I suggest you try a different approach.
I suggest you try a little harder next time.
I suggest you try harder.
I suggest you try to get some sleep.
I suggest you turn around and go back home.
I suggest you use a pencil and eraser.
I suggest you visit Australia.
I suggest you visit Boston.
I suggest you wait until 2:30.
I suggest you wait until Tom and Mary get here.
I suggest you wait until Tom and Mary tell you what to do.
I suggest you wait until Tom gets here.
I suggest you wait until Tom tells you what to do.
I suggest you wait until at least 2:30.
I suggest you wear an extra layer.
I suggested a quick game of tennis before supper.
I suggested going for a walk.
I suggested going swimming in summer.
I suggested he stay.
I suggested it.
I suggested one.
I suggested postponing the meeting.
I suggested postponing the session.
I suggested she go there alone.
I suggested she should stop but she carried on regardless.
I suggested that John be called.
I suggested that Tom be examined by a psychiatrist.
I suggested that Tom get some sleep.
I suggested that Tom should be examined by a psychiatrist.
I suggested that Tom try different approach.
I suggested that he follow my advice.
I suggested that he go there at once.
I suggested that he should buy a new house.
I suggested that he should exercise more.
I suggested that he try to go to America.
I suggested that she go alone.
I suggested that the meeting be put off.
I suggested that the plan be postponed.
I suggested that to Tom.
I suggested that to her.
I suggested that to him.
I suggested that to them.
I suggested that we bring the meeting to an end.
I suggested that we end the meeting.
I suggested that we go fishing.
I suggested that we go somewhere else.
I suggested that we should bring the meeting to an end.
I suggested that we should go to the movies.
I suggested that we should listen to music for a change.
I suggested that we should start at once.
I suggested that we should start early.
I suggested that we should stay there another day.
I suggested the meeting should be postponed.
I suggested the wrong route to them.
I suggested to Tom that he drive Mary home.
I suggested to Tom that he shouldn't trust Mary so much.
I suggested to Tom that we should leave early.
I suggested to Tom the possibility that he work with Mary.
I suggested to her that we all go to the cinema as soon as he was back home.
I suggested to her that we go to the movies after he came home.
I suggested to him that she be invited to the party.
I suggested to him.
I suggested to my father that Kumiko study in China.
I suggested we go out for coffee.
I suggested we stay home and watch TV.
I sulk.
I summoned up my courage, and walked inside.
I sunbathed.
I sunburn easily.
I sung too many karaoke songs, and now my throat hurts.
I sunk into the plush mattress on the bed.
I sunned myself on the balcony.
I supervised Tom's training.
I supervised the people fixing my bathroom.
I supped with them.
I supplied Tom with everything he needed.
I supplied her with detailed instructions.
I supplied the children with necessary books.
I support Israel.
I support Tom.
I support Western Sahara and Palestine because I fight for what's right.
I support chicken for KFC.
I support copyright infringement.
I support her.
I support him.
I support his proposal with certain qualifications.
I support individuals in discovering the truth.
I support letting children learn about the existence of straight people.
I support other people's right to do sex work unharassed, and I support eliminating the economic system that makes them have to.
I support political reform.
I support religious freedom.
I support that decision.
I support that idea.
I support the National Team.
I support the current thing.
I support the people who want wealthy psychopaths to lose the power to harm people.
I support the proposal.
I support the spelling reform of the German language.
I support their decision to marry.
I support this club.
I support you 100%.
I support you a hundred percent.
I support you one hundred percent.
I support you whole-heartedly.
I support you.
I support your comments wholeheartedly.
I support your decision.
I support your proposal.
I supported Tom.
I supported her even against my father.
I supported him.
I supported his proposal with certain conditions.
I supported the committee's decision.
I supported the committee’s decision.
I supported the decision.
I suppose Fadil gets the minimum wage.
I suppose I asked too many questions.
I suppose I can ask Tom.
I suppose I can ask her.
I suppose I can ask him.
I suppose I can ask them.
I suppose I can do that tomorrow.
I suppose I could ask Tom.
I suppose I could ask her.
I suppose I could ask him.
I suppose I could ask them.
I suppose I could buy that for you.
I suppose I could change a tire if I had to.
I suppose I could do a lot worse.
I suppose I could do that for you.
I suppose I could do that.
I suppose I could find out who he is.
I suppose I could go to Australia with you.
I suppose I could go to Boston with you.
I suppose I could have waited longer.
I suppose I could help Tom.
I suppose I could help her.
I suppose I could help him.
I suppose I could help them.
I suppose I could help you.
I suppose I could help.
I suppose I could lend you some money.
I suppose I could try to do that.
I suppose I could try to get there early.
I suppose I could use some rest.
I suppose I could use the company.
I suppose I could wait a little bit longer.
I suppose I could wait a little longer.
I suppose I could've waited longer.
I suppose I felt a little jealous.
I suppose I had some meaning when I wrote it; I believe I understood it then.
I suppose I left my wallet on the bus.
I suppose I ought to apologize.
I suppose I ought to do that.
I suppose I ought to stay in my room all day.
I suppose I really ought to do that today.
I suppose I really ought to do that.
I suppose I should apologize.
I suppose I should be flattered.
I suppose I should be grateful.
I suppose I should congratulate you.
I suppose I should get some rest.
I suppose I should go talk to Tom.
I suppose I should have been able to do something to help.
I suppose I should have been happy.
I suppose I should introduce myself.
I suppose I should offer to pay Mary for what she did for us.
I suppose I should offer to pay Tom and Mary for what they did for us.
I suppose I should offer to pay Tom for what he did for us.
I suppose I should probably start putting my bookmarks in order.
I suppose I should probably start sorting my bookmarks out.
I suppose I should probably start to sort out my bookmarks.
I suppose I should say thanks.
I suppose I should thank you for this evening.
I suppose I should thank you.
I suppose I should've been able to do something to help.
I suppose I should've been happy.
I suppose I should've done more.
I suppose I should've known.
I suppose I shouldn't be surprised.
I suppose I shouldn't have done that.
I suppose I shouldn't have said that.
I suppose I was flattered.
I suppose I was too busy.
I suppose I'd better be going.
I suppose I'd better be more careful the next time.
I suppose I'd better be off.
I suppose I'd better be on my way.
I suppose I'd better call Tom.
I suppose I'd better go and talk to Tom about that.
I suppose I'd better go.
I suppose I'd better leave.
I suppose I'd better phone Tom.
I suppose I'd better phone her.
I suppose I'd better phone him.
I suppose I'd better phone them.
I suppose I'd do the same thing if I were you.
I suppose I'll be a farmer like my father.
I suppose I'll be in trouble if I don't stay up all night to cram for the examination.
I suppose I'll get used to it after a while.
I suppose I'll get used to it.
I suppose I'll get used to this eventually.
I suppose I'll have to be more careful in the future.
I suppose I'll have to stay at home.
I suppose I'll have to wear this.
I suppose I'll just have to improvise.
I suppose I'm going to find out.
I suppose I'm going to have to teach you a lesson.
I suppose I'm just being stupid.
I suppose I've been a little careless.
I suppose I've got to get my feet wet sometime.
I suppose I’ll be in trouble if I don’t stay up all night to cram for the examination.
I suppose I’ve got to get my feet wet sometime.
I suppose Mary might not do what we asked her to do.
I suppose Mary told you what time she plans to arrive.
I suppose Tom and I could try to find Mary ourselves.
I suppose Tom and Mary have both changed a great deal.
I suppose Tom and Mary might not do what we asked them to do.
I suppose Tom and Mary told you what time they plan to arrive.
I suppose Tom didn't know I was coming.
I suppose Tom didn't make it.
I suppose Tom found what he was looking for.
I suppose Tom has been to see you?
I suppose Tom has changed a great deal.
I suppose Tom is doing that right now.
I suppose Tom is right.
I suppose Tom is still alive.
I suppose Tom is unable to do that.
I suppose Tom made some interesting points.
I suppose Tom might not do what we asked him to do.
I suppose Tom might think so, too.
I suppose Tom needs this more than we do.
I suppose Tom told you that.
I suppose Tom told you what happened.
I suppose Tom told you what time he plans to arrive.
I suppose Tom told you why I was late.
I suppose Tom was happy then.
I suppose Tom was right.
I suppose Tom will agree to do that.
I suppose Tom will be back soon.
I suppose Tom will be coming.
I suppose Tom will be there.
I suppose Tom will do that.
I suppose Tom will find that good.
I suppose Tom will have to go.
I suppose Tom will lie.
I suppose Tom will like that.
I suppose Tom will want to come, too.
I suppose Tom will want to do that.
I suppose Tom will want to eat with us.
I suppose Tom would have been about sixty when he died.
I suppose Tom would've been about sixty when he died.
I suppose Tom's on holiday.
I suppose a little practice couldn't hurt.
I suppose all we can do is wait.
I suppose an explanation is called for.
I suppose anything's possible.
I suppose both Tom and Mary have changed a great deal.
I suppose congratulations are in order.
I suppose everyone thinks I'm being a little too picky.
I suppose everyone thinks I'm crazy.
I suppose everyone thinks I'm in love with Mary.
I suppose he will be back soon.
I suppose he will be late.
I suppose he'll come.
I suppose he's coming.
I suppose he's gone home.
I suppose he's got a point.
I suppose her brother would be about forty when he died.
I suppose he’s gone home.
I suppose him to be honest.
I suppose it can't be helped.
I suppose it could be true.
I suppose it could have been Tom who ate my ham sandwich.
I suppose it could've been Tom who ate my ham sandwich.
I suppose it couldn't be helped.
I suppose it doesn't hurt to try.
I suppose it doesn't matter.
I suppose it makes no difference which swimming club I join.
I suppose it makes sense to go ahead and pay the bill right now.
I suppose it makes sense to go ahead and pay this bill now.
I suppose it might work.
I suppose it was a bit silly.
I suppose it was a joke.
I suppose it was somewhere else.
I suppose it will have to do for now.
I suppose it will have to do.
I suppose it's a bit silly for me to worry about something like that.
I suppose it's a bit silly.
I suppose it's a good thing.
I suppose it's different when you think about it over the long term.
I suppose it's going to rain this evening.
I suppose it's just a joke.
I suppose it's my fault.
I suppose it's not impossible.
I suppose it's not true.
I suppose it's partly my fault. I should have warned you.
I suppose it's possible.
I suppose it's the best thing that ever happened to me.
I suppose it's time to go.
I suppose it's too late to do that now.
I suppose it's true.
I suppose it’s different when you think about it over the long term.
I suppose it’s going to rain this evening.
I suppose life has made him like that, and he can't help it. None of us can help the things life has done to us. They're done before you realize it, and once they're done they make you do other things until at last everything comes between you and what you'd like to be, and you've lost your true self forever.
I suppose no one knows why it is so.
I suppose none of that matters any more.
I suppose none of this matters any more.
I suppose not.
I suppose nudists and doctors eventually reach the point where they look on nakedness as normal.
I suppose she's got a point.
I suppose since Mary doesn't have any money, she won't be able to do that.
I suppose since Tom and Mary don't have any money, they won't be able to do that.
I suppose since Tom doesn't have any money, he won't be able to do that.
I suppose so.
I suppose society is wonderfully delightful. To be in it is merely a bore. But to be out of it is simply a tragedy.
I suppose that I could do that.
I suppose that I could find out who he is.
I suppose that I could go to Australia with you.
I suppose that I should thank you.
I suppose that I'll have to wear this.
I suppose that I'm going to find out.
I suppose that I'm just being stupid.
I suppose that Tom is unable to do that.
I suppose that Tom was happy then.
I suppose that Tom will do that.
I suppose that Tom will like that.
I suppose that behind each thing we have to do, there's something we want to do...
I suppose that behind each thing we have to do, there’s something we want to do...
I suppose that brings us to our next topic.
I suppose that depends on how good you are. I'm counting on you!
I suppose that depends on how good you are. I’m counting on you!
I suppose that even Wolof and Greenlandic may share a cognate.
I suppose that in the universe there is an infinite number of financial crises.
I suppose that it's a bit silly for me to worry about something like that.
I suppose that it's a bit silly.
I suppose that it's too late to do that now.
I suppose that makes sense.
I suppose that means that, after all, people taken for a sucker give off a 'sucker aura'.
I suppose that means that, after all, people taken for a sucker give off a ’sucker aura’.
I suppose that she was happy then.
I suppose that some of you have heard the name of Maccus.
I suppose that that's about to change.
I suppose that that's true.
I suppose that that's what generally happens.
I suppose that that's what usually happens.
I suppose that there's nothing left to say.
I suppose that we could do that.
I suppose that we could go to Australia with you.
I suppose that we need to leave soon if we want to get to home before dark.
I suppose that we won't meet again.
I suppose that what we mean by beauty is that object, spiritual or material, more often material, which satisfies our aesthetic sense.
I suppose that will have to do.
I suppose that you could say that.
I suppose that you did it yourself.
I suppose that you don't have time to answer me.
I suppose that you know how to do that.
I suppose that you speak French.
I suppose that you want to live in Australia with Tom.
I suppose that you won't deny that.
I suppose that you'd like to come.
I suppose that you're right.
I suppose that you're talking about Tom.
I suppose that you've been told that before.
I suppose that you've got a point.
I suppose that you've heard of it.
I suppose that'll have to do.
I suppose that's OK.
I suppose that's a possibility.
I suppose that's about to change.
I suppose that's all I can do.
I suppose that's all right.
I suppose that's allowed.
I suppose that's good.
I suppose that's impossible.
I suppose that's it.
I suppose that's just how it is.
I suppose that's just the way it is.
I suppose that's normal.
I suppose that's one of the reasons Tom and Mary aren't here.
I suppose that's one of the reasons Tom isn't here.
I suppose that's possible.
I suppose that's the best thing to do.
I suppose that's true.
I suppose that's what generally happens.
I suppose that's what usually happens.
I suppose that's why you don't like me so much.
I suppose the name of Maccus has been heard by some of you.
I suppose then an 8-Gigabyte hard drive will be adequate.
I suppose there's nothing left to say.
I suppose they also have lungs.
I suppose they are coming.
I suppose they need it more than we do.
I suppose they're coming.
I suppose this car has cost you an arm and a leg.
I suppose this is as good a time as any.
I suppose this is goodbye.
I suppose we are to get there soon.
I suppose we better get started.
I suppose we could ask Tom to do that.
I suppose we could ask Tom to sing.
I suppose we could ask Tom why Mary isn't here.
I suppose we could ask Tom.
I suppose we could ask her.
I suppose we could ask him.
I suppose we could ask them.
I suppose we could do that.
I suppose we could go to Australia with you.
I suppose we could go to Boston with you.
I suppose we could try to find Tom ourselves.
I suppose we could walk.
I suppose we could.
I suppose we have no choice.
I suppose we have nothing to lose.
I suppose we have to wait a little more.
I suppose we must go on.
I suppose we need to leave soon if we want to get to home before dark.
I suppose we ought to call the police in now.
I suppose we should ask Tom what he thinks.
I suppose we should ask Tom.
I suppose we should talk about it.
I suppose we should tell Tom the truth.
I suppose we won't meet again.
I suppose we'd better arrange something.
I suppose we'd better eat dinner.
I suppose we'd better get started.
I suppose we'd better have dinner.
I suppose we're a little too indulgent to the dog.
I suppose we're just lucky.
I suppose we’re a little too indulgent to the dog.
I suppose you already know Tom doesn't want you here.
I suppose you already know how we solve the problem but you just don't want to tell us.
I suppose you already know my mum.
I suppose you already know that Tom and Mary don't want you here.
I suppose you already know that Tom doesn't want you here.
I suppose you already know that that's my car.
I suppose you already know that's my car.
I suppose you already know the answer.
I suppose you also know it.
I suppose you are Mr. Matthew Cuthbert of Green Gables?
I suppose you are right.
I suppose you can be trusted.
I suppose you can do that, too.
I suppose you can do that.
I suppose you could be right.
I suppose you could do that if you wanted to.
I suppose you could say that.
I suppose you could say we came out of the fire, into the frying pan.
I suppose you could write the numbers vertically.
I suppose you did it yourself.
I suppose you didn't buy this for yourself.
I suppose you didn't even talk to Tom.
I suppose you do that every day.
I suppose you don't know who Tom and Mary are.
I suppose you don't know who Tom is.
I suppose you don't watch very much television, right?
I suppose you enjoy that sort of thing.
I suppose you have a plan.
I suppose you have heard of it.
I suppose you have some ideas on how to handle this matter.
I suppose you have the right to know.
I suppose you haven't cleaned your house yet.
I suppose you haven't got time to answer me.
I suppose you know all about it.
I suppose you know everything Tom did.
I suppose you know how to do that.
I suppose you know it, too.
I suppose you know this book.
I suppose you know what Tom is doing now.
I suppose you know what to do.
I suppose you know where Tom and Mary are.
I suppose you know where Tom is.
I suppose you know why Mary didn't do what we asked her to do.
I suppose you know why Tom and Mary didn't do what we asked them to do.
I suppose you know why Tom didn't do what we asked him to do.
I suppose you like her.
I suppose you like him.
I suppose you like it.
I suppose you love Tom.
I suppose you love her.
I suppose you love him.
I suppose you must have a load of fans.
I suppose you must hear that all the time.
I suppose you think I'm crazy.
I suppose you think I'm nuts.
I suppose you think I'm rich.
I suppose you think Tom and Mary are really stupid.
I suppose you think Tom is really stupid.
I suppose you think that was pretty clever.
I suppose you think you're very clever.
I suppose you want me to help.
I suppose you want me to invite Tom to the wedding.
I suppose you want me to pay for this.
I suppose you want me to tell Tom what happened.
I suppose you want to ask Tom some questions.
I suppose you want to ask me how I was able to make so much money in so little time.
I suppose you want to ask me what I was doing yesterday.
I suppose you want to ask me where I was yesterday afternoon.
I suppose you want to ask me where I've been.
I suppose you want to ask me who I was with last night.
I suppose you want to ask me why I didn't go to your party last night.
I suppose you want to eat now.
I suppose you want to go home.
I suppose you want to know why.
I suppose you want to live in Australia with Tom.
I suppose you want to live in Boston with Tom.
I suppose you want to use my office.
I suppose you were right.
I suppose you won't be teaching anymore.
I suppose you won't deny that.
I suppose you won't eat with us now.
I suppose you won't mind if I take one.
I suppose you'd have to die.
I suppose you'd like to come with us.
I suppose you'd like to come.
I suppose you'd like to see Tom.
I suppose you'll be needing this.
I suppose you'll be really busy tonight.
I suppose you'll be studying all day tomorrow.
I suppose you'll let Tom go.
I suppose you'll let her go.
I suppose you'll let him go.
I suppose you'll let them go.
I suppose you'll need a crowbar to open that crate.
I suppose you're already packed and ready to go.
I suppose you're busy.
I suppose you're hungry.
I suppose you're not an expert in these matters.
I suppose you're out of milk as well as sugar.
I suppose you're right.
I suppose you're talking about Tom.
I suppose you're worried about Tom.
I suppose you've already applied for a visa.
I suppose you've already bought a ticket.
I suppose you've already managed to copy the files.
I suppose you've been told that before.
I suppose you've been told that many times before.
I suppose you've got a point.
I suppose you've got your reasons for being angry.
I suppose you've heard about Tom.
I suppose you've heard about what happened to Tom.
I suppose you've heard of it.
I suppose you’re hungry.
I suppose, you suppose.
I suppose.
I supposed a ghost would appear.
I supposed him to be rich.
I supposed that I would hear about it sooner or later.
I supposed you could do better.
I suppressed a smile.
I suppressed a yawn.
I suppressed my anger.
I sure I won't be allowed to do that here.
I sure I won't be the last one to do that.
I sure Tom will be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I sure am cold.
I sure am glad you weren't hurt.
I sure am hungry.
I sure am lucky.
I sure am thirsty.
I sure am tired.
I sure appreciate all your help.
I sure as hell don't want to do that!
I sure could go for a cup of coffee.
I sure could use a cold beer.
I sure could use some shut-eye.
I sure could use some sleep.
I sure do hope so.
I sure do miss Tom.
I sure don't want to go.
I sure don't want to hurt anyone.
I sure had my due reward.
I sure hope I don't catch a cold.
I sure hope I don't catch anything.
I sure hope I don't catch what's going around.
I sure hope Mary can take care of herself.
I sure hope Mary does what she said she'd do.
I sure hope Tom agrees to do that.
I sure hope Tom and Mary agree to do that.
I sure hope Tom and Mary are right.
I sure hope Tom and Mary arrive on time.
I sure hope Tom and Mary can take care of John.
I sure hope Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I sure hope Tom and Mary come to Boston in October.
I sure hope Tom and Mary do that.
I sure hope Tom and Mary do what they said they'd do.
I sure hope Tom and Mary don't cry.
I sure hope Tom and Mary don't do that.
I sure hope Tom and Mary go to Boston next month.
I sure hope Tom and Mary leave some cake for me.
I sure hope Tom and Mary like this song.
I sure hope Tom and Mary visit Boston.
I sure hope Tom and Mary wait until we get there to do that.
I sure hope Tom and Mary win.
I sure hope Tom arrives on time.
I sure hope Tom can do that.
I sure hope Tom can swim.
I sure hope Tom can take care of Mary.
I sure hope Tom can take care of himself.
I sure hope Tom can wait.
I sure hope Tom comes back soon.
I sure hope Tom comes to Australia in October.
I sure hope Tom comes to Boston in October.
I sure hope Tom didn't do that.
I sure hope Tom didn't win.
I sure hope Tom does that.
I sure hope Tom does what he said he would do.
I sure hope Tom doesn't cry.
I sure hope Tom doesn't do that.
I sure hope Tom doesn't lose.
I sure hope Tom doesn't sing.
I sure hope Tom doesn't win.
I sure hope Tom gets here on time.
I sure hope Tom goes to Australia next month.
I sure hope Tom goes to Boston next month.
I sure hope Tom helps us tomorrow.
I sure hope Tom is doing that now.
I sure hope Tom is right.
I sure hope Tom leaves some cake for me.
I sure hope Tom likes them.
I sure hope Tom likes this song.
I sure hope Tom passes the test.
I sure hope Tom visits Australia.
I sure hope Tom visits Boston.
I sure hope Tom waits until we get there to do that.
I sure hope Tom will be able to do that.
I sure hope Tom will come back soon.
I sure hope Tom will do that.
I sure hope Tom will win.
I sure hope Tom wins.
I sure hope he passes the test.
I sure hope it does.
I sure hope it doesn't rain tomorrow.
I sure hope it isn't true.
I sure hope it works out.
I sure hope it's not true.
I sure hope so.
I sure hope that Tom and Mary don't do that.
I sure hope that Tom and Mary get here on time.
I sure hope that Tom and Mary help us tomorrow.
I sure hope that Tom and Mary win.
I sure hope that Tom can wait.
I sure hope that Tom comes back soon.
I sure hope that Tom comes to Australia in October.
I sure hope that Tom didn't do that.
I sure hope that Tom doesn't do that.
I sure hope that Tom doesn't let us down.
I sure hope that Tom doesn't sing.
I sure hope that Tom doesn't win.
I sure hope that Tom gets here on time.
I sure hope that Tom goes to Australia next month.
I sure hope that Tom helps us tomorrow.
I sure hope that Tom is doing that now.
I sure hope that Tom passes the test.
I sure hope that Tom visits Australia.
I sure hope that Tom will come back soon.
I sure hope that Tom wins.
I sure hope that happens.
I sure hope that isn't true.
I sure hope that that happens.
I sure hope that that isn't true.
I sure hope that that's not true.
I sure hope that this is a dream.
I sure hope that we can do that.
I sure hope that you can do that.
I sure hope that you can take care of yourselves.
I sure hope that you can wait for me.
I sure hope that you're right.
I sure hope that's not true.
I sure hope the nuclear missiles aren't voice-activated.
I sure hope there's nothing wrong with it.
I sure hope this is a dream.
I sure hope we can do that.
I sure hope we don't have to do that.
I sure hope you can come.
I sure hope you can do that.
I sure hope you can swim.
I sure hope you can take care of yourself.
I sure hope you can take care of yourselves.
I sure hope you can wait for me.
I sure hope you do that.
I sure hope you'll be able to do that.
I sure hope you'll come again.
I sure hope you're right.
I sure hope you're wrong.
I sure hope you’ll come again.
I sure miss Tom.
I sure miss him.
I sure miss my friends.
I sure miss you and Tom.
I sure miss you.
I sure never thought Tom would do something like that.
I sure rubbed your nose in shit.
I sure that Tom will be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I sure wish I could do that.
I sure wish I could have a three-day weekend.
I sure wish I could remember what Tom told me.
I sure wish I could sing as well as Tom.
I sure wish I could sing as well as you do.
I sure wish I could speak French as well as Tom and Mary do.
I sure wish I could speak French as well as Tom does.
I sure wish I could speak French better.
I sure wish Tom would make up his mind.
I sure wish that I could have a three-day weekend.
I sure wish that I could remember what Tom told me.
I sure wish that I could sing as well as Tom.
I sure wish you would leave.
I sure would like some feedback.
I sure would like to know what you think.
I sure wouldn't mind a sip of some fine almond liqueur right now.
I sure wouldn't want to do that by myself.
I sure wouldn't want to do what Tom just did.
I sure wouldn't want to lose my job over that.
I sure wouldn't want to lose my job.
I surely heard that voice somewhere already.
I surely hope you can help us.
I surely won't go out now. It's damn cold outside.
I surf the Net more frequently at home.
I surfed the net late last night.
I surfed today for my first time ever.
I surfed.
I surpass you in age.
I surprised Tom.
I surprised him.
I surprised myself.
I surprised you, didn't I?
I surrender!
I surrender.
I surrendered.
I survived the accident.
I survived the car accident and now I need a cigarette.
I survived the shipwreck.
I survived the tornado.
I survived this time.
I survived unharmed.
I survived.
I suspect Eldad is following my every move.
I suspect Eldad is tracking my movements.
I suspect Eldad of following my doings.
I suspect Eldad to follow my doings.
I suspect Kath still has the pillar and stones.
I suspect Mary got what she wanted.
I suspect Tom and Mary agree with me on this.
I suspect Tom and Mary agree with me.
I suspect Tom and Mary are a bit puzzled.
I suspect Tom and Mary are able to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are afraid of you.
I suspect Tom and Mary are afraid to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are afraid.
I suspect Tom and Mary are alone.
I suspect Tom and Mary are annoyed.
I suspect Tom and Mary are anxious to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are asleep.
I suspect Tom and Mary are at home.
I suspect Tom and Mary are awake.
I suspect Tom and Mary are being sarcastic.
I suspect Tom and Mary are biased.
I suspect Tom and Mary are blind.
I suspect Tom and Mary are bluffing.
I suspect Tom and Mary are bored.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both allergic to peanuts.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both lonely.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both mistaken.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both over thirty.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both really tired.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both retired.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both rich.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both single.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both sleepy.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both unhappy.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both unmarried.
I suspect Tom and Mary are broke.
I suspect Tom and Mary are busy.
I suspect Tom and Mary are competitive.
I suspect Tom and Mary are confused.
I suspect Tom and Mary are correct.
I suspect Tom and Mary are curious.
I suspect Tom and Mary are depressed.
I suspect Tom and Mary are determined to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are discouraged.
I suspect Tom and Mary are divorced.
I suspect Tom and Mary are doing that now.
I suspect Tom and Mary are drunk.
I suspect Tom and Mary are eager to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are engaged.
I suspect Tom and Mary are excited.
I suspect Tom and Mary are exhausted.
I suspect Tom and Mary are frightened.
I suspect Tom and Mary are from Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary are from Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary are frustrated.
I suspect Tom and Mary are going to be there tonight.
I suspect Tom and Mary are going to hate this.
I suspect Tom and Mary are guilty.
I suspect Tom and Mary are healthy.
I suspect Tom and Mary are hiding something from me.
I suspect Tom and Mary are hiding something.
I suspect Tom and Mary are home.
I suspect Tom and Mary are homesick.
I suspect Tom and Mary are hungry.
I suspect Tom and Mary are illiterate.
I suspect Tom and Mary are in Australia now.
I suspect Tom and Mary are in Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary are in Boston now.
I suspect Tom and Mary are in Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary are in love with each other.
I suspect Tom and Mary are in there.
I suspect Tom and Mary are incorrect.
I suspect Tom and Mary are interested.
I suspect Tom and Mary are intoxicated.
I suspect Tom and Mary are intrigued.
I suspect Tom and Mary are irritated.
I suspect Tom and Mary are jealous.
I suspect Tom and Mary are lost.
I suspect Tom and Mary are married to each other.
I suspect Tom and Mary are married.
I suspect Tom and Mary are mistaken.
I suspect Tom and Mary are more than just friends.
I suspect Tom and Mary are nervous.
I suspect Tom and Mary are over thirty.
I suspect Tom and Mary are planning on being there.
I suspect Tom and Mary are planning on doing that together.
I suspect Tom and Mary are planning on doing that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are planning on eating together.
I suspect Tom and Mary are planning to be there.
I suspect Tom and Mary are planning to do that together.
I suspect Tom and Mary are planning to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are planning to eat together.
I suspect Tom and Mary are planning to get married.
I suspect Tom and Mary are pleased.
I suspect Tom and Mary are prejudiced.
I suspect Tom and Mary are puzzled.
I suspect Tom and Mary are ready to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are ready to leave.
I suspect Tom and Mary are ready.
I suspect Tom and Mary are right about that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are right.
I suspect Tom and Mary are running a con game.
I suspect Tom and Mary are scared of each other.
I suspect Tom and Mary are scared.
I suspect Tom and Mary are serious.
I suspect Tom and Mary are sick of each other by now.
I suspect Tom and Mary are sick.
I suspect Tom and Mary are sincere.
I suspect Tom and Mary are skeptical about that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are skeptical.
I suspect Tom and Mary are sleepy.
I suspect Tom and Mary are spies.
I suspect Tom and Mary are successful.
I suspect Tom and Mary are suspicious.
I suspect Tom and Mary are sympathetic.
I suspect Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are the ones who told John about that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are the ones who told John to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are the ones who'll have to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are the only ones who'll have to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are tired.
I suspect Tom and Mary are uncomfortable.
I suspect Tom and Mary are up to something.
I suspect Tom and Mary are upset.
I suspect Tom and Mary are waiting for us.
I suspect Tom and Mary are worried about that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are worried.
I suspect Tom and Mary are wrong about that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are wrong.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't able to do that very well.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't able to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't alone.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't as eager to do that now as they were yesterday.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't busy right now.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't busy.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't doing that now.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't eager to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't going to do that today.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't going to do that together.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't hungry.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't in Australia now.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't in Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't in Boston now.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't in Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't planning on going to Australia with you.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't planning on going to Boston with you.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't planning to go to Australia with you.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't planning to go to Boston with you.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't ready to do that yet.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't ready to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did this.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't very happy here.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't very hungry.
I suspect Tom and Mary both have houses in Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary both have houses in Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary both have to do that today.
I suspect Tom and Mary both have to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary both have to leave tomorrow.
I suspect Tom and Mary both want to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I suspect Tom and Mary did that together.
I suspect Tom and Mary didn't do that together.
I suspect Tom and Mary didn't leave when they were supposed to.
I suspect Tom and Mary do that from time to time.
I suspect Tom and Mary do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't have to do that by themselves.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't have to do that today.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't have to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't like me much.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't like me very much.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't like me.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't like spinach.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't like you.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't need to do that anymore.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't need to do that today.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't need to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't often do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't really enjoy doing that as much as they used to.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't really enjoy doing that.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't speak French to each other.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't speak French.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't want to be there.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary got what they wanted.
I suspect Tom and Mary have already left Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary have already left Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary have already left for Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary have already left for Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary have been hurt.
I suspect Tom and Mary have been sick.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both agreed to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both already left Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both already left Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both been arrested.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both been hurt.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both been injured.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both been sick.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both done that.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both finished doing that.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both never done that.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both spent time in prison.
I suspect Tom and Mary have done that.
I suspect Tom and Mary have finished doing that.
I suspect Tom and Mary have gone to Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary have gone to Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary have had some problems.
I suspect Tom and Mary have lived in Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary have lived in Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary have never done that together.
I suspect Tom and Mary have never done that.
I suspect Tom and Mary have to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary have to go to Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary have to go to Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary have to leave tomorrow.
I suspect Tom and Mary have to leave.
I suspect Tom and Mary know more.
I suspect Tom and Mary know something interesting is about to happen.
I suspect Tom and Mary know something is going on.
I suspect Tom and Mary know something.
I suspect Tom and Mary know that something interesting is about to happen.
I suspect Tom and Mary know that something is going on.
I suspect Tom and Mary like jazz.
I suspect Tom and Mary need to do that right away.
I suspect Tom and Mary need to do that sometime today.
I suspect Tom and Mary need to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary probably didn't do what they were supposed to do.
I suspect Tom and Mary studied French together.
I suspect Tom and Mary want to do that as soon as possible.
I suspect Tom and Mary want to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary want to get married.
I suspect Tom and Mary want us to help them do that tomorrow.
I suspect Tom and Mary want us to help them do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary want us to help them today.
I suspect Tom and Mary want us to help them.
I suspect Tom and Mary went to Australia together.
I suspect Tom and Mary went to Boston by car.
I suspect Tom and Mary went to Boston together.
I suspect Tom and Mary were able to do that by themselves.
I suspect Tom and Mary were able to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary were afraid to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary were anxious to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary were astonished.
I suspect Tom and Mary were busy all day.
I suspect Tom and Mary were busy.
I suspect Tom and Mary were disappointed.
I suspect Tom and Mary were just being sarcastic.
I suspect Tom and Mary were offended.
I suspect Tom and Mary were planning on doing that tomorrow.
I suspect Tom and Mary were planning on doing that yesterday.
I suspect Tom and Mary were planning on doing that.
I suspect Tom and Mary were planning to do that tomorrow.
I suspect Tom and Mary were planning to do that yesterday.
I suspect Tom and Mary were planning to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary were right.
I suspect Tom and Mary were surprised by what happened.
I suspect Tom and Mary were surprised to see John.
I suspect Tom and Mary were surprised when John walked into the room.
I suspect Tom and Mary were surprised when that happened.
I suspect Tom and Mary were surprised.
I suspect Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
I suspect Tom and Mary were there by themselves.
I suspect Tom and Mary were there.
I suspect Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
I suspect Tom and Mary will have to do that on their own.
I suspect Tom and Mary would be reluctant to do that by themselves.
I suspect Tom and Mary would be reluctant to do that.
I suspect Tom can do that by himself.
I suspect Tom can do that on his own.
I suspect Tom can do that without any help.
I suspect Tom can do that.
I suspect Tom can't do that very well.
I suspect Tom can't do that without some help.
I suspect Tom can't do that.
I suspect Tom can't speak French very well.
I suspect Tom can't speak French.
I suspect Tom can't understand French all that well.
I suspect Tom can't understand French as well as you can.
I suspect Tom can't understand French at all.
I suspect Tom can't understand French.
I suspect Tom cheated on the test.
I suspect Tom cheated.
I suspect Tom did it on purpose.
I suspect Tom did it wrong.
I suspect Tom did it.
I suspect Tom did that just to get some attention.
I suspect Tom did that on purpose.
I suspect Tom did that yesterday.
I suspect Tom did that.
I suspect Tom did this.
I suspect Tom didn't do it.
I suspect Tom didn't do that.
I suspect Tom didn't do this by himself.
I suspect Tom didn't do this.
I suspect Tom didn't do what you said he did.
I suspect Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I suspect Tom didn't go to Australia.
I suspect Tom didn't go to Boston last week.
I suspect Tom didn't go to Boston.
I suspect Tom didn't have to be there.
I suspect Tom didn't have to do that.
I suspect Tom didn't leave when he was supposed to.
I suspect Tom didn't need to be there.
I suspect Tom didn't need to do that, but I think he did it anyway.
I suspect Tom didn't need to do that.
I suspect Tom didn't really enjoy doing that.
I suspect Tom didn't really have to be there yesterday.
I suspect Tom didn't really need to be there.
I suspect Tom didn't really need to do that.
I suspect Tom didn't really want to do that by himself.
I suspect Tom didn't really want to do that with Mary.
I suspect Tom didn't really want to do that yesterday.
I suspect Tom didn't really want to do that.
I suspect Tom didn't visit Australia.
I suspect Tom didn't visit Boston.
I suspect Tom didn't want to be there.
I suspect Tom didn't want to do that by himself.
I suspect Tom didn't want to do that with Mary.
I suspect Tom didn't want to do that yesterday.
I suspect Tom didn't want to do that.
I suspect Tom does it once in a while.
I suspect Tom does that from time to time.
I suspect Tom does that once in a while.
I suspect Tom does that.
I suspect Tom doesn't do his homework by himself.
I suspect Tom doesn't do that as often as he used to.
I suspect Tom doesn't have to do that anymore.
I suspect Tom doesn't have to do that.
I suspect Tom doesn't know how to do that.
I suspect Tom doesn't like Mary.
I suspect Tom doesn't like me much.
I suspect Tom doesn't like me very much.
I suspect Tom doesn't like me.
I suspect Tom doesn't like you.
I suspect Tom doesn't need to do that anymore.
I suspect Tom doesn't need to do that.
I suspect Tom doesn't often do that anymore.
I suspect Tom doesn't often do that.
I suspect Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that by himself.
I suspect Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that.
I suspect Tom doesn't speak French at work.
I suspect Tom doesn't speak French.
I suspect Tom doesn't want to do that again.
I suspect Tom doesn't want to do that anymore.
I suspect Tom doesn't want to do that today.
I suspect Tom doesn't want to do that with Mary.
I suspect Tom doesn't want to do that.
I suspect Tom doesn't want to get married.
I suspect Tom expects me to help Mary do that.
I suspect Tom expects me to help Mary.
I suspect Tom expects me to help him do that.
I suspect Tom expects me to help him.
I suspect Tom got what he wanted.
I suspect Tom had nothing to do with that.
I suspect Tom had nothing to do with this.
I suspect Tom has agreed to do that for Mary.
I suspect Tom has agreed to do that.
I suspect Tom has already left Australia.
I suspect Tom has already left Boston.
I suspect Tom has already left for Australia.
I suspect Tom has already left for Boston.
I suspect Tom has been arrested.
I suspect Tom has been drinking on the job.
I suspect Tom has been injured.
I suspect Tom has done that before.
I suspect Tom has done that.
I suspect Tom has finished doing that by now.
I suspect Tom has finished doing that.
I suspect Tom has gone to Australia.
I suspect Tom has gone to Boston.
I suspect Tom has lied to us.
I suspect Tom has lived in Australia.
I suspect Tom has lived in Boston.
I suspect Tom has never done that by himself.
I suspect Tom has never done that.
I suspect Tom has passed away.
I suspect Tom has spent time in prison.
I suspect Tom has to do that sometime this week.
I suspect Tom has to do that.
I suspect Tom has to go to Australia.
I suspect Tom has to go to Boston next month.
I suspect Tom has to go to Boston next week.
I suspect Tom has to go to Boston.
I suspect Tom has to leave soon.
I suspect Tom has to leave.
I suspect Tom is a cold-blooded murderer.
I suspect Tom is a spy.
I suspect Tom is afraid of you.
I suspect Tom is afraid to do that.
I suspect Tom is afraid.
I suspect Tom is allergic to peanuts.
I suspect Tom is alone.
I suspect Tom is annoyed.
I suspect Tom is anxious to do that.
I suspect Tom is asleep.
I suspect Tom is at home, sleeping.
I suspect Tom is at home.
I suspect Tom is awake.
I suspect Tom is being sarcastic.
I suspect Tom is bluffing.
I suspect Tom is bored.
I suspect Tom is concerned.
I suspect Tom is confident.
I suspect Tom is confused.
I suspect Tom is curious.
I suspect Tom is dangerous.
I suspect Tom is dead.
I suspect Tom is depressed.
I suspect Tom is determined to do that.
I suspect Tom is disappointed.
I suspect Tom is discouraged.
I suspect Tom is doing that now.
I suspect Tom is downstairs, watching TV.
I suspect Tom is downstairs.
I suspect Tom is drunk.
I suspect Tom is eager to do that.
I suspect Tom is embarrassed.
I suspect Tom is frightened.
I suspect Tom is frustrated.
I suspect Tom is going to be there tonight with Mary.
I suspect Tom is going to be there tonight.
I suspect Tom is going to want to go with us.
I suspect Tom is here.
I suspect Tom is hiding something from me.
I suspect Tom is hiding something.
I suspect Tom is home.
I suspect Tom is homeless.
I suspect Tom is homesick.
I suspect Tom is in Australia now.
I suspect Tom is in Australia.
I suspect Tom is in Boston now.
I suspect Tom is in Boston.
I suspect Tom is in his office, working.
I suspect Tom is in his office.
I suspect Tom is in love with Mary.
I suspect Tom is in there.
I suspect Tom is interested.
I suspect Tom is intoxicated.
I suspect Tom is involved.
I suspect Tom is irritated.
I suspect Tom is jealous.
I suspect Tom is likely to be late.
I suspect Tom is likely to do that tomorrow.
I suspect Tom is likely to do that when he's in Australia.
I suspect Tom is likely to do that when he's in Boston.
I suspect Tom is likely to do that while he's in Australia.
I suspect Tom is likely to do that while he's in Boston.
I suspect Tom is likely to do that.
I suspect Tom is lonely.
I suspect Tom is lost.
I suspect Tom is lying.
I suspect Tom is mistaken.
I suspect Tom is nearby.
I suspect Tom is nervous.
I suspect Tom is on holiday.
I suspect Tom is on vacation.
I suspect Tom is optimistic.
I suspect Tom is outraged.
I suspect Tom is over thirty.
I suspect Tom is planning on being there.
I suspect Tom is planning on doing that.
I suspect Tom is planning to be there.
I suspect Tom is planning to do that.
I suspect Tom is prejudiced.
I suspect Tom is prepared to do that.
I suspect Tom is prepared.
I suspect Tom is puzzled.
I suspect Tom is ready to do that.
I suspect Tom is ready to leave on a moment's notice.
I suspect Tom is ready.
I suspect Tom is reluctant to do that.
I suspect Tom is right about that.
I suspect Tom is right.
I suspect Tom is scared.
I suspect Tom is sick.
I suspect Tom is still alive.
I suspect Tom is still in love with his ex-wife.
I suspect Tom is still in love with you.
I suspect Tom is suspicious.
I suspect Tom is telling the truth.
I suspect Tom is the one who did that.
I suspect Tom is the one who stole the money.
I suspect Tom is tired of doing that.
I suspect Tom is tired.
I suspect Tom is unaware of what Mary has done.
I suspect Tom is unaware of what's happening in Boston.
I suspect Tom is uncomfortable.
I suspect Tom is up to his old tricks again.
I suspect Tom is up to something.
I suspect Tom is upset.
I suspect Tom is waiting for us in the lobby.
I suspect Tom is waiting for us.
I suspect Tom is worried about that.
I suspect Tom is worried.
I suspect Tom is wrong.
I suspect Tom isn't afraid to do that.
I suspect Tom isn't alone.
I suspect Tom isn't doing that now.
I suspect Tom isn't eager to do that.
I suspect Tom isn't going to do that by himself.
I suspect Tom isn't going to do that.
I suspect Tom isn't happy here.
I suspect Tom isn't here.
I suspect Tom isn't in Australia.
I suspect Tom isn't in Boston anymore.
I suspect Tom isn't in Boston.
I suspect Tom isn't likely to do that today.
I suspect Tom isn't likely to do that.
I suspect Tom isn't planning to be here tomorrow.
I suspect Tom isn't planning to go to Australia with you.
I suspect Tom isn't planning to go to Boston with you.
I suspect Tom isn't ready to do that yet.
I suspect Tom isn't ready to do that.
I suspect Tom isn't telling the truth.
I suspect Tom isn't the one who did that.
I suspect Tom isn't the one who did this.
I suspect Tom knows Mary doesn't like him.
I suspect Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I suspect Tom knows he doesn't really have to do that.
I suspect Tom knows he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I suspect Tom knows more.
I suspect Tom knows something.
I suspect Tom knows that Mary can't understand French.
I suspect Tom knows that Mary doesn't like him.
I suspect Tom knows that Mary doesn't live in Boston anymore.
I suspect Tom knows that Mary doesn't want to do that.
I suspect Tom knows that Mary used to be in prison.
I suspect Tom knows that he doesn't really have to do that.
I suspect Tom knows that he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I suspect Tom knows this already.
I suspect Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I suspect Tom knows where Mary lives.
I suspect Tom knows who Mary's boyfriend is.
I suspect Tom knows why Mary doesn't like him.
I suspect Tom left early.
I suspect Tom lied to me.
I suspect Tom lied to you about that.
I suspect Tom lied.
I suspect Tom likes you.
I suspect Tom may have to do that.
I suspect Tom misses you.
I suspect Tom needs to do that sometime this week.
I suspect Tom needs to do that.
I suspect Tom probably didn't do what he was supposed to do.
I suspect Tom probably won't do that.
I suspect Tom probably won't need to do that.
I suspect Tom probably won't want to do that.
I suspect Tom shouldn't be here.
I suspect Tom shouldn't have done that.
I suspect Tom wants to do that.
I suspect Tom wants to get married.
I suspect Tom wants us to go swimming with him.
I suspect Tom wants us to help him.
I suspect Tom was busy.
I suspect Tom was disappointed.
I suspect Tom was here.
I suspect Tom was hungry.
I suspect Tom was just being sarcastic.
I suspect Tom was lying.
I suspect Tom was sick.
I suspect Tom was surprised.
I suspect Tom was the one who did that.
I suspect Tom was the only one who did that.
I suspect Tom was there.
I suspect Tom was tired.
I suspect Tom was trying to get that done before Mary arrived.
I suspect Tom wasn't really sick.
I suspect Tom wasn't really surprised.
I suspect Tom wasn't surprised.
I suspect Tom wasn't the one who did that.
I suspect Tom wasn't the only one who did that.
I suspect Tom went to Australia.
I suspect Tom went to Boston last week with Mary.
I suspect Tom went to Boston last weekend with Mary.
I suspect Tom went to Boston last weekend.
I suspect Tom went to Boston.
I suspect Tom will agree.
I suspect Tom will be able to do that eventually.
I suspect Tom will be back soon.
I suspect Tom will be back.
I suspect Tom will be furious.
I suspect Tom will be here tomorrow.
I suspect Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I suspect Tom will be there tonight.
I suspect Tom will come to Australia.
I suspect Tom will come to Boston by plane.
I suspect Tom will come to Boston in the near future.
I suspect Tom will come to Boston.
I suspect Tom will come.
I suspect Tom will do anything you ask him to do.
I suspect Tom will do anything you ask.
I suspect Tom will do that next week or the week after.
I suspect Tom will do that next week.
I suspect Tom will do that.
I suspect Tom will do whatever you ask him to do.
I suspect Tom will do whatever you ask.
I suspect Tom will eventually do that.
I suspect Tom will eventually want to do that.
I suspect Tom will hate doing that.
I suspect Tom will hate this.
I suspect Tom will hate what you did.
I suspect Tom will have to do that next week.
I suspect Tom will have to do that on his own.
I suspect Tom will have to do that.
I suspect Tom will have to help Mary do that.
I suspect Tom will help Mary do that.
I suspect Tom will need to do that.
I suspect Tom will never agree to do that.
I suspect Tom will never do that.
I suspect Tom will probably do that.
I suspect Tom will probably have to do that.
I suspect Tom will probably need to do that.
I suspect Tom will probably regret doing that.
I suspect Tom will probably regret what he did.
I suspect Tom will probably want to do that.
I suspect Tom will wait for us.
I suspect Tom will want to go with us.
I suspect Tom won't be coming.
I suspect Tom won't be doing that today.
I suspect Tom won't be doing that.
I suspect Tom won't believe anything that you say.
I suspect Tom won't believe anything that you tell him.
I suspect Tom won't believe anything you say.
I suspect Tom won't believe anything you tell him.
I suspect Tom won't believe me.
I suspect Tom won't do that anytime soon.
I suspect Tom won't do that by himself.
I suspect Tom won't do that for me.
I suspect Tom won't do that today.
I suspect Tom won't do that.
I suspect Tom won't go to Australia next week.
I suspect Tom won't go to Boston next week.
I suspect Tom won't help Mary do that anymore.
I suspect Tom won't help Mary do that.
I suspect Tom won't help me do that.
I suspect Tom won't like it here.
I suspect Tom won't need to do that again.
I suspect Tom won't need to do that anymore.
I suspect Tom won't need to do that.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary about what happened to him yesterday.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary she needs to do that today.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary that she needs to do that today.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary the real reason he did that.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary the real reason he's going to Boston.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary what happened to him yesterday.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary who did that.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary why he did that.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary why he wants to do that.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary why he's going to Boston.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary why he's going to do that.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary.
I suspect Tom won't wait for me.
I suspect Tom won't wait for us.
I suspect Tom won't wait much longer.
I suspect Tom won't wait until we get there.
I suspect Tom won't wait very much longer.
I suspect Tom won't want to dance with Mary.
I suspect Tom won't want to dance.
I suspect Tom won't want to do that tomorrow.
I suspect Tom won't want to do that with us.
I suspect Tom won't want to do that.
I suspect Tom won't want to go with us.
I suspect Tom would agree to do that.
I suspect Tom would be interested in doing that.
I suspect Tom would do anything you ask him to do.
I suspect Tom would do the same.
I suspect Tom would do whatever you ask him to do.
I suspect Tom would feel that this is unfair.
I suspect Tom would never do that.
I suspect Tom's opinion is the same as ours.
I suspect Tom's opinion isn't different from ours.
I suspect Tom's opinion isn't the same as ours.
I suspect bisexuality, whether open, closeted, or repressed, is the most common orientation.
I suspect both Tom and Mary have already left Australia.
I suspect both Tom and Mary have already left Boston.
I suspect both Tom and Mary have been hurt.
I suspect both Tom and Mary have houses in Australia.
I suspect both Tom and Mary have houses in Boston.
I suspect everyone.
I suspect he aims to push me out.
I suspect he is concealing information.
I suspect he is ill.
I suspect he wants to take my life.
I suspect he wants to take my place.
I suspect he'll decline the offer.
I suspect he's coming.
I suspect he's nuts.
I suspect him to be a liar.
I suspect it was Tom who broke the window.
I suspect it's the work of pirates.
I suspect many of them know that already.
I suspect many of you know that already.
I suspect not.
I suspect she has a problem with alcohol.
I suspect so.
I suspect some funny business is afoot.
I suspect something is up.
I suspect that Mary doesn't do her homework by herself.
I suspect that Tom and Mary agree with me on this.
I suspect that Tom and Mary agree with me.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are a bit puzzled.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are able to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are afraid of you.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are afraid to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are afraid.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are alone.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are annoyed.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are anxious to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are asleep.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are at home.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are awake.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are being sarcastic.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are biased.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are blind.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are bluffing.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are bored.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both allergic to peanuts.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both lonely.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both mistaken.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both over thirty.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both really tired.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both retired.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both rich.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both single.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both sleepy.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both unhappy.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both unmarried.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are broke.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are busy.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are competitive.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are confused.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are correct.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are curious.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are depressed.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are determined to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are discouraged.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are divorced.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are doing that now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are drunk.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are eager to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are engaged.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are excited.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are exhausted.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are frightened.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are from Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are from Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are frustrated.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are going to be there tonight.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are going to hate this.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are guilty.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are healthy.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are hiding something from me.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are hiding something.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are home.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are homesick.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are hungry.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are illiterate.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are in Australia now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are in Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are in Boston now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are in Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are in love with each other.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are in there.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are incorrect.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are interested.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are intoxicated.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are intrigued.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are irritated.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are jealous.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are lost.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are married to each other.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are married.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are mistaken.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are more than just friends.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are nervous.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are over thirty.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are planning on being there.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are planning on doing that together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are planning on doing that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are planning on eating together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are planning to be there.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are planning to do that together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are planning to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are planning to eat together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are planning to get married.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are pleased.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are prejudiced.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are puzzled.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are ready to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are ready to leave.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are ready.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are right about that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are right.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are running a con game.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are scared of each other.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are scared.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are serious.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are sick of each other by now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are sick.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are sincere.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are skeptical about that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are skeptical.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are sleepy.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are successful.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are suspicious.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are sympathetic.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are the ones who stole the money.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are the ones who told John about that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are the ones who told John to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are the ones who'll have to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are tired.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are uncomfortable.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are up to something.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are upset.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are waiting for us.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are worried about that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are worried.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are wrong about that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are wrong.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't able to do that very well.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't able to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't alone.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't as eager to do that now as they were yesterday.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't busy right now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't busy.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't doing that now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't eager to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't going to do that today.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't going to do that together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't hungry.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't in Australia now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't in Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't in Boston now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't in Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't planning on going to Australia with you.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't planning on going to Boston with you.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't planning to go to Australia with you.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't planning to go to Boston with you.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't ready to do that yet.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't ready to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't telling the truth.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did this.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't very happy here.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't very hungry.
I suspect that Tom and Mary both have houses in Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary both have houses in Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary both have to do that today.
I suspect that Tom and Mary both have to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary both have to leave tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom and Mary both want to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I suspect that Tom and Mary did that together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary didn't do that together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary didn't leave when they were supposed to.
I suspect that Tom and Mary do that from time to time.
I suspect that Tom and Mary do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't do their homework by themselves.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't have to do that by themselves.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't have to do that today.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't have to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't like me much.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't like me very much.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't like me.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't like spinach.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't like you.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't need to do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't need to do that today.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't need to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't often do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't really enjoy doing that as much as they used to.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't really enjoy doing that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't speak French to each other.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't speak French.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't want to be there.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have already left Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have already left Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have already left for Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have already left for Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have been hurt.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have been sick.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both agreed to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both already left Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both already left Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both been arrested.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both been hurt.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both been injured.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both been sick.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both done that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both finished doing that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both never done that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both spent time in prison.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have done that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have finished doing that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have gone to Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have gone to Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have had some problems.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have lived in Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have lived in Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have never done that together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have never done that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have to go to Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have to go to Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have to leave tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have to leave.
I suspect that Tom and Mary know something interesting is about to happen.
I suspect that Tom and Mary know something is going on.
I suspect that Tom and Mary know something.
I suspect that Tom and Mary know that something interesting is about to happen.
I suspect that Tom and Mary know that something is going on.
I suspect that Tom and Mary know this already.
I suspect that Tom and Mary like jazz.
I suspect that Tom and Mary need to do that right away.
I suspect that Tom and Mary need to do that sometime today.
I suspect that Tom and Mary need to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary probably didn't do what they were supposed to do.
I suspect that Tom and Mary studied French together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary want to do that as soon as possible.
I suspect that Tom and Mary want to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary want to get married.
I suspect that Tom and Mary want us to help them do that tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom and Mary want us to help them do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary want us to help them today.
I suspect that Tom and Mary want us to help them.
I suspect that Tom and Mary went to Australia together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary went to Boston by car.
I suspect that Tom and Mary went to Boston together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were able to do that by themselves.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were able to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were afraid to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were anxious to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were astonished.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were busy all day.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were busy.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were disappointed.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were just being sarcastic.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were offended.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were planning on doing that tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were planning on doing that yesterday.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were planning on doing that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were planning to do that tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were planning to do that yesterday.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were planning to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were right.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were surprised by what happened.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were surprised to see John.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were surprised when John walked into the room.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were surprised when that happened.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were surprised.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were there by themselves.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were there.
I suspect that Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary will have to do that on their own.
I suspect that Tom and Mary would be reluctant to do that by themselves.
I suspect that Tom and Mary would be reluctant to do that.
I suspect that Tom can do that by himself.
I suspect that Tom can do that on his own.
I suspect that Tom can do that without any help.
I suspect that Tom can do that.
I suspect that Tom can't do that very well.
I suspect that Tom can't do that without some help.
I suspect that Tom can't do that.
I suspect that Tom can't speak French very well.
I suspect that Tom can't speak French.
I suspect that Tom can't understand French all that well.
I suspect that Tom can't understand French as well as you can.
I suspect that Tom can't understand French at all.
I suspect that Tom can't understand French.
I suspect that Tom cheated on the test.
I suspect that Tom cheated.
I suspect that Tom did it on purpose.
I suspect that Tom did it.
I suspect that Tom did that just to get some attention.
I suspect that Tom did that on purpose.
I suspect that Tom did that yesterday.
I suspect that Tom did that.
I suspect that Tom didn't do it.
I suspect that Tom didn't do that.
I suspect that Tom didn't do this by himself.
I suspect that Tom didn't do this.
I suspect that Tom didn't do what you said he did.
I suspect that Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I suspect that Tom didn't go to Australia.
I suspect that Tom didn't go to Boston last week.
I suspect that Tom didn't go to Boston.
I suspect that Tom didn't have to be there.
I suspect that Tom didn't have to do that.
I suspect that Tom didn't leave when he was supposed to.
I suspect that Tom didn't need to be there.
I suspect that Tom didn't need to do that, but I think he did it anyway.
I suspect that Tom didn't need to do that.
I suspect that Tom didn't really enjoy doing that.
I suspect that Tom didn't really have to be there yesterday.
I suspect that Tom didn't really need to be there.
I suspect that Tom didn't really need to do that.
I suspect that Tom didn't really want to do that by himself.
I suspect that Tom didn't really want to do that with Mary.
I suspect that Tom didn't really want to do that yesterday.
I suspect that Tom didn't really want to do that.
I suspect that Tom didn't visit Australia.
I suspect that Tom didn't visit Boston.
I suspect that Tom didn't want to be there.
I suspect that Tom didn't want to do that by himself.
I suspect that Tom didn't want to do that with Mary.
I suspect that Tom didn't want to do that yesterday.
I suspect that Tom didn't want to do that.
I suspect that Tom does that from time to time.
I suspect that Tom does that once in a while.
I suspect that Tom does that.
I suspect that Tom doesn't do his homework by himself.
I suspect that Tom doesn't do that as often as he used to.
I suspect that Tom doesn't have to do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom doesn't have to do that.
I suspect that Tom doesn't know how to do that.
I suspect that Tom doesn't like Mary.
I suspect that Tom doesn't like me much.
I suspect that Tom doesn't like me very much.
I suspect that Tom doesn't like me.
I suspect that Tom doesn't like you.
I suspect that Tom doesn't need to do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom doesn't need to do that.
I suspect that Tom doesn't often do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom doesn't often do that.
I suspect that Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that by himself.
I suspect that Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that.
I suspect that Tom doesn't speak French at work.
I suspect that Tom doesn't speak French.
I suspect that Tom doesn't want to do that again.
I suspect that Tom doesn't want to do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom doesn't want to do that today.
I suspect that Tom doesn't want to do that with Mary.
I suspect that Tom doesn't want to do that.
I suspect that Tom doesn't want to get married.
I suspect that Tom expects me to help Mary do that.
I suspect that Tom expects me to help Mary.
I suspect that Tom expects me to help him do that.
I suspect that Tom expects me to help him.
I suspect that Tom got what he wanted.
I suspect that Tom had nothing to do with that.
I suspect that Tom had nothing to do with this.
I suspect that Tom has agreed to do that for Mary.
I suspect that Tom has agreed to do that.
I suspect that Tom has already left Australia.
I suspect that Tom has already left Boston.
I suspect that Tom has already left for Australia.
I suspect that Tom has already left for Boston.
I suspect that Tom has been arrested.
I suspect that Tom has been drinking on the job.
I suspect that Tom has been injured.
I suspect that Tom has been lying.
I suspect that Tom has done that before.
I suspect that Tom has done that.
I suspect that Tom has fallen in love with Mary.
I suspect that Tom has finished doing that by now.
I suspect that Tom has finished doing that.
I suspect that Tom has gone to Australia.
I suspect that Tom has gone to Boston.
I suspect that Tom has lied to us.
I suspect that Tom has lived in Australia.
I suspect that Tom has lived in Boston.
I suspect that Tom has never done that by himself.
I suspect that Tom has never done that.
I suspect that Tom has passed away.
I suspect that Tom has spent time in prison.
I suspect that Tom has to do that sometime this week.
I suspect that Tom has to do that.
I suspect that Tom has to go to Australia.
I suspect that Tom has to go to Boston next month.
I suspect that Tom has to go to Boston next week.
I suspect that Tom has to go to Boston.
I suspect that Tom has to leave soon.
I suspect that Tom has to leave.
I suspect that Tom is a cold-blooded murderer.
I suspect that Tom is a spy.
I suspect that Tom is afraid of you.
I suspect that Tom is afraid to do that.
I suspect that Tom is afraid.
I suspect that Tom is allergic to peanuts.
I suspect that Tom is alone.
I suspect that Tom is annoyed.
I suspect that Tom is anxious to do that.
I suspect that Tom is asleep.
I suspect that Tom is at home, sleeping.
I suspect that Tom is at home.
I suspect that Tom is awake.
I suspect that Tom is being sarcastic.
I suspect that Tom is bluffing.
I suspect that Tom is bored.
I suspect that Tom is concerned.
I suspect that Tom is confident.
I suspect that Tom is confused.
I suspect that Tom is curious.
I suspect that Tom is dangerous.
I suspect that Tom is dead.
I suspect that Tom is depressed.
I suspect that Tom is determined to do that.
I suspect that Tom is disappointed.
I suspect that Tom is discouraged.
I suspect that Tom is doing that now.
I suspect that Tom is downstairs, watching TV.
I suspect that Tom is downstairs.
I suspect that Tom is drunk.
I suspect that Tom is eager to do that.
I suspect that Tom is embarrassed.
I suspect that Tom is frightened.
I suspect that Tom is frustrated.
I suspect that Tom is going to be there tonight with Mary.
I suspect that Tom is going to be there tonight.
I suspect that Tom is going to want to go with us.
I suspect that Tom is here.
I suspect that Tom is hiding something from me.
I suspect that Tom is hiding something.
I suspect that Tom is home.
I suspect that Tom is homeless.
I suspect that Tom is homesick.
I suspect that Tom is in Australia now.
I suspect that Tom is in Australia.
I suspect that Tom is in Boston now.
I suspect that Tom is in Boston.
I suspect that Tom is in his office, working.
I suspect that Tom is in his office.
I suspect that Tom is in love with Mary.
I suspect that Tom is in there.
I suspect that Tom is interested.
I suspect that Tom is intoxicated.
I suspect that Tom is involved.
I suspect that Tom is irritated.
I suspect that Tom is jealous.
I suspect that Tom is likely to be late.
I suspect that Tom is likely to do that tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom is likely to do that when he's in Australia.
I suspect that Tom is likely to do that when he's in Boston.
I suspect that Tom is likely to do that while he's in Australia.
I suspect that Tom is likely to do that while he's in Boston.
I suspect that Tom is likely to do that.
I suspect that Tom is lonely.
I suspect that Tom is lost.
I suspect that Tom is lying.
I suspect that Tom is mistaken.
I suspect that Tom is nearby.
I suspect that Tom is nervous.
I suspect that Tom is on holiday.
I suspect that Tom is on vacation.
I suspect that Tom is optimistic.
I suspect that Tom is outraged.
I suspect that Tom is over thirty.
I suspect that Tom is planning on being there.
I suspect that Tom is planning on doing that.
I suspect that Tom is planning to be there.
I suspect that Tom is planning to do that.
I suspect that Tom is prejudiced.
I suspect that Tom is prepared to do that.
I suspect that Tom is prepared.
I suspect that Tom is puzzled.
I suspect that Tom is ready to do that.
I suspect that Tom is ready to leave on a moment's notice.
I suspect that Tom is ready.
I suspect that Tom is reluctant to do that.
I suspect that Tom is right about that.
I suspect that Tom is right.
I suspect that Tom is scared.
I suspect that Tom is sick.
I suspect that Tom is still alive.
I suspect that Tom is still in love with his ex-wife.
I suspect that Tom is still in love with you.
I suspect that Tom is suspicious.
I suspect that Tom is telling the truth.
I suspect that Tom is the one who did that.
I suspect that Tom is the one who stole the money.
I suspect that Tom is tired of doing that.
I suspect that Tom is tired.
I suspect that Tom is unaware of what Mary has done.
I suspect that Tom is unaware of what's happening in Boston.
I suspect that Tom is uncomfortable.
I suspect that Tom is up to his old tricks again.
I suspect that Tom is up to something.
I suspect that Tom is upset.
I suspect that Tom is waiting for us in the lobby.
I suspect that Tom is waiting for us.
I suspect that Tom is worried about that.
I suspect that Tom is worried.
I suspect that Tom is wrong.
I suspect that Tom isn't afraid to do that.
I suspect that Tom isn't alone.
I suspect that Tom isn't doing that now.
I suspect that Tom isn't eager to do that.
I suspect that Tom isn't going to do that by himself.
I suspect that Tom isn't going to do that.
I suspect that Tom isn't happy here.
I suspect that Tom isn't here.
I suspect that Tom isn't in Australia.
I suspect that Tom isn't in Boston anymore.
I suspect that Tom isn't in Boston.
I suspect that Tom isn't likely to do that today.
I suspect that Tom isn't likely to do that.
I suspect that Tom isn't planning to be here tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom isn't planning to go to Australia with you.
I suspect that Tom isn't planning to go to Boston with you.
I suspect that Tom isn't ready to do that yet.
I suspect that Tom isn't ready to do that.
I suspect that Tom isn't telling the truth.
I suspect that Tom isn't the one who did that.
I suspect that Tom isn't the one who did this.
I suspect that Tom knows Mary can't understand French.
I suspect that Tom knows Mary doesn't like him.
I suspect that Tom knows Mary doesn't live in Boston anymore.
I suspect that Tom knows Mary doesn't want to do that.
I suspect that Tom knows Mary used to be in prison.
I suspect that Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I suspect that Tom knows he doesn't really have to do that.
I suspect that Tom knows he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I suspect that Tom knows more.
I suspect that Tom knows something.
I suspect that Tom knows that Mary can't understand French.
I suspect that Tom knows that Mary doesn't like him.
I suspect that Tom knows that Mary doesn't live in Boston anymore.
I suspect that Tom knows that Mary doesn't want to do that.
I suspect that Tom knows that Mary used to be in prison.
I suspect that Tom knows that he doesn't really have to do that.
I suspect that Tom knows that he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I suspect that Tom knows this already.
I suspect that Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I suspect that Tom knows where Mary lives.
I suspect that Tom knows who Mary's boyfriend is.
I suspect that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like him.
I suspect that Tom left early.
I suspect that Tom lied to me.
I suspect that Tom lied to you about that.
I suspect that Tom lied.
I suspect that Tom likes you.
I suspect that Tom may have to do that.
I suspect that Tom misses you.
I suspect that Tom needs to do that sometime this week.
I suspect that Tom needs to do that.
I suspect that Tom probably didn't do what he was supposed to do.
I suspect that Tom probably won't do that.
I suspect that Tom probably won't need to do that.
I suspect that Tom probably won't want to do that.
I suspect that Tom shouldn't be here.
I suspect that Tom shouldn't have done that.
I suspect that Tom wants to do that.
I suspect that Tom wants to get married.
I suspect that Tom wants us to go swimming with him.
I suspect that Tom wants us to help him.
I suspect that Tom was busy.
I suspect that Tom was disappointed.
I suspect that Tom was here.
I suspect that Tom was just being sarcastic.
I suspect that Tom was lying.
I suspect that Tom was sick.
I suspect that Tom was surprised.
I suspect that Tom was the one who did that.
I suspect that Tom was the only one who did that.
I suspect that Tom was there.
I suspect that Tom was tired.
I suspect that Tom wasn't really sick.
I suspect that Tom wasn't really surprised.
I suspect that Tom wasn't surprised.
I suspect that Tom wasn't the one who did that.
I suspect that Tom wasn't the only one who did that.
I suspect that Tom went to Australia.
I suspect that Tom went to Boston last weekend with Mary.
I suspect that Tom went to Boston last weekend.
I suspect that Tom went to Boston.
I suspect that Tom will agree.
I suspect that Tom will be able to do that eventually.
I suspect that Tom will be back soon.
I suspect that Tom will be back.
I suspect that Tom will be furious.
I suspect that Tom will be here tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I suspect that Tom will be there tonight.
I suspect that Tom will come to Australia.
I suspect that Tom will come to Boston by plane.
I suspect that Tom will come to Boston in the near future.
I suspect that Tom will come to Boston.
I suspect that Tom will come.
I suspect that Tom will do anything you ask him to do.
I suspect that Tom will do anything you ask.
I suspect that Tom will do that next week or the week after.
I suspect that Tom will do that next week.
I suspect that Tom will do that.
I suspect that Tom will do whatever you ask him to do.
I suspect that Tom will do whatever you ask.
I suspect that Tom will eventually do that.
I suspect that Tom will eventually want to do that.
I suspect that Tom will hate doing that.
I suspect that Tom will hate this.
I suspect that Tom will hate what you did.
I suspect that Tom will have to do that next week.
I suspect that Tom will have to do that on his own.
I suspect that Tom will have to do that.
I suspect that Tom will have to help Mary do that.
I suspect that Tom will help Mary do that.
I suspect that Tom will need to do that.
I suspect that Tom will never agree to do that.
I suspect that Tom will never do that.
I suspect that Tom will probably do that.
I suspect that Tom will probably have to do that.
I suspect that Tom will probably need to do that.
I suspect that Tom will probably regret doing that.
I suspect that Tom will probably regret what he did.
I suspect that Tom will probably want to do that.
I suspect that Tom will wait for us.
I suspect that Tom will want to go with us.
I suspect that Tom won't be coming.
I suspect that Tom won't be doing that today.
I suspect that Tom won't be doing that.
I suspect that Tom won't believe anything that you say.
I suspect that Tom won't believe anything that you tell him.
I suspect that Tom won't believe anything you say.
I suspect that Tom won't believe anything you tell him.
I suspect that Tom won't believe me.
I suspect that Tom won't do that anytime soon.
I suspect that Tom won't do that by himself.
I suspect that Tom won't do that for me.
I suspect that Tom won't do that today.
I suspect that Tom won't do that.
I suspect that Tom won't go to Australia next week.
I suspect that Tom won't go to Boston next week.
I suspect that Tom won't help Mary do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom won't help Mary do that.
I suspect that Tom won't help me do that.
I suspect that Tom won't like it here.
I suspect that Tom won't need to do that again.
I suspect that Tom won't need to do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom won't need to do that.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary about what happened to him yesterday.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary she needs to do that today.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary that she needs to do that today.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary the real reason he did that.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary the real reason he's going to Boston.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary who did that.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary why he did that.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary why he wants to do that.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary why he's going to Boston.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary why he's going to do that.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary.
I suspect that Tom won't wait for me.
I suspect that Tom won't wait for us.
I suspect that Tom won't wait much longer.
I suspect that Tom won't wait until we get there.
I suspect that Tom won't wait very much longer.
I suspect that Tom won't want to dance with Mary.
I suspect that Tom won't want to dance.
I suspect that Tom won't want to do that tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom won't want to do that with us.
I suspect that Tom won't want to do that.
I suspect that Tom won't want to go with us.
I suspect that Tom would agree to do that.
I suspect that Tom would be interested in doing that.
I suspect that Tom would do anything you ask him to do.
I suspect that Tom would do whatever you ask him to do.
I suspect that Tom would feel that this is unfair.
I suspect that Tom would feel this is unfair.
I suspect that Tom would never do that.
I suspect that Tom's opinion is the same as ours.
I suspect that Tom's opinion isn't different from ours.
I suspect that Tom's opinion isn't the same as ours.
I suspect that account belongs to Bora's horde.
I suspect that both Tom and Mary have already left Australia.
I suspect that both Tom and Mary have already left Boston.
I suspect that both Tom and Mary have been hurt.
I suspect that both Tom and Mary have houses in Australia.
I suspect that both Tom and Mary have houses in Boston.
I suspect that guy over there is Tom.
I suspect that he is lying.
I suspect that he makes up policy as he goes along.
I suspect that his wife is cheating on him with the postman.
I suspect that isn't going to happen.
I suspect that isn't true.
I suspect that it was Tom who broke the window.
I suspect that many of them know that already.
I suspect that many of you know that already.
I suspect that painting is worth a lot of money.
I suspect that someone farted.
I suspect that that guy over there is Tom.
I suspect that that isn't going to happen.
I suspect that that isn't true.
I suspect that that painting is worth a lot of money.
I suspect that that's a lie.
I suspect that that's not going to happen.
I suspect that that's not true.
I suspect that that's true.
I suspect that the rumor is true.
I suspect that there was an oversight in the examination.
I suspect that there's a hidden camera around here somewhere.
I suspect that they water down the beer in that pub.
I suspect that they're all gone.
I suspect that this is an illegal taxi.
I suspect that this online store is going to sell my personal data to others without my permission.
I suspect that this was deliberate.
I suspect that what Tom said was a lie.
I suspect that what Tom said wasn't true.
I suspect that you don't have to do that.
I suspect that you don't need to do that.
I suspect that you have conspired against me.
I suspect that you know why I'm here today.
I suspect that you know why I'm here.
I suspect that you won't like it.
I suspect that you won't need that.
I suspect that you're right.
I suspect that you're wrong.
I suspect that you've already done that.
I suspect that you've conspired against me.
I suspect that's a lie.
I suspect that's not going to happen.
I suspect that's not true.
I suspect that's not what you meant.
I suspect that's true.
I suspect the rumor is true.
I suspect the rumour is true.
I suspect there was an intruder who got into the bedroom.
I suspect they water down the beer in that pub.
I suspect they're all gone.
I suspect this happened because of what Tom did.
I suspect this was deliberate.
I suspect what Tom said was a lie.
I suspect what Tom said wasn't true.
I suspect you don't have to do that.
I suspect you don't need to do that.
I suspect you dropped this.
I suspect you know why I'm here today.
I suspect you know why I'm here.
I suspect you won't like it.
I suspect you won't need that.
I suspect you're right.
I suspect you're wrong.
I suspect you've already done that.
I suspected Mina.
I suspected Tom and Mary were planning on doing that together.
I suspected Tom and Mary were planning to do that together.
I suspected Tom didn't really have to do that.
I suspected Tom didn't really need to do that.
I suspected Tom didn't really want to do that.
I suspected Tom didn't really want to go to Australia.
I suspected Tom didn't really want to go to Boston.
I suspected Tom had fallen in love with Mary.
I suspected Tom had gone to Australia.
I suspected Tom had gone to Boston.
I suspected Tom had never actually done that.
I suspected Tom had never actually ever done that.
I suspected Tom had never actually ever visited Australia.
I suspected Tom had never actually ever visited Boston.
I suspected Tom liked boys.
I suspected Tom might not have enough money to buy everything he needed.
I suspected Tom might not have enough money to buy everything he wanted.
I suspected Tom might not have enough money to buy everything that he wanted.
I suspected Tom might not have enough money to buy everything that needed.
I suspected Tom might not have enough money.
I suspected Tom rightfully.
I suspected Tom was a Canadian.
I suspected Tom was allergic to peanuts.
I suspected Tom was bi.
I suspected Tom was bluffing.
I suspected Tom was confused.
I suspected Tom was disappointed with the results.
I suspected Tom was disappointed.
I suspected Tom was discouraged.
I suspected Tom was drunk.
I suspected Tom was embarrassed.
I suspected Tom was hiding something from me.
I suspected Tom was homesick.
I suspected Tom was interested.
I suspected Tom was intoxicated.
I suspected Tom was just being sarcastic.
I suspected Tom was lying about that.
I suspected Tom was lying.
I suspected Tom was nervous.
I suspected Tom was planning on doing that.
I suspected Tom was planning to be there.
I suspected Tom was planning to do that.
I suspected Tom was prejudiced.
I suspected Tom was ready.
I suspected Tom was right.
I suspected Tom was the one who did that.
I suspected Tom was tired.
I suspected Tom was unhappy.
I suspected Tom was worried.
I suspected Tom was wrong.
I suspected Tom wasn't really planning to go to Australia with you.
I suspected Tom wasn't really planning to go to Boston with you.
I suspected Tom wouldn't be able to do that by himself.
I suspected Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
I suspected Tom wouldn't be able to win.
I suspected Tom wouldn't do that unless you did it with him.
I suspected as much.
I suspected he was a liar.
I suspected it was too late.
I suspected it!
I suspected nothing.
I suspected she was dangerous.
I suspected something like this might happen.
I suspected that Tom and Mary were planning on doing that together.
I suspected that Tom and Mary were planning to do that together.
I suspected that Tom didn't really have to do that.
I suspected that Tom didn't really need to do that.
I suspected that Tom didn't really want to do that.
I suspected that Tom didn't really want to go to Australia.
I suspected that Tom didn't really want to go to Boston.
I suspected that Tom had fallen in love with Mary.
I suspected that Tom had gone to Australia.
I suspected that Tom had gone to Boston.
I suspected that Tom had never actually done that.
I suspected that Tom had never actually ever done that.
I suspected that Tom had never actually ever visited Australia.
I suspected that Tom had never actually ever visited Boston.
I suspected that Tom might not have enough money to buy everything he needed.
I suspected that Tom might not have enough money to buy everything he wanted.
I suspected that Tom might not have enough money to buy everything that he wanted.
I suspected that Tom might not have enough money to buy everything that needed.
I suspected that Tom might not have enough money.
I suspected that Tom was a Canadian.
I suspected that Tom was allergic to peanuts.
I suspected that Tom was bluffing.
I suspected that Tom was confused.
I suspected that Tom was disappointed with the results.
I suspected that Tom was disappointed.
I suspected that Tom was discouraged.
I suspected that Tom was doing something wrong.
I suspected that Tom was drunk.
I suspected that Tom was embarrassed.
I suspected that Tom was hiding something from me.
I suspected that Tom was homesick.
I suspected that Tom was interested.
I suspected that Tom was intoxicated.
I suspected that Tom was just being sarcastic.
I suspected that Tom was lying about that.
I suspected that Tom was lying.
I suspected that Tom was nervous.
I suspected that Tom was planning on doing that.
I suspected that Tom was planning to be there.
I suspected that Tom was planning to do that.
I suspected that Tom was prejudiced.
I suspected that Tom was ready.
I suspected that Tom was right.
I suspected that Tom was the one who did that.
I suspected that Tom was tired.
I suspected that Tom was unhappy.
I suspected that Tom was worried.
I suspected that Tom was wrong.
I suspected that Tom wasn't really planning to go to Australia with you.
I suspected that Tom wasn't really planning to go to Boston with you.
I suspected that Tom wouldn't be able to do that by himself.
I suspected that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
I suspected that Tom wouldn't be able to win.
I suspected that Tom wouldn't do that unless you did it with him.
I suspected that he was telling a lie, but that didn't surprise me.
I suspected that he was telling a lie, but that didn’t surprise me.
I suspected that it was too late.
I suspected that maybe Tom could do it.
I suspected that something like this might happen.
I suspected that this would happen.
I suspected that.
I suspected they would question me.
I suspected this would happen.
I suspected.
I sustain my family.
I sustained a knee injury while playing football.
I swallow my husband's cum.
I swallow my tongue.
I swallowed a bug.
I swallowed a button.
I swallowed a fly.
I swallowed a pill.
I swallowed a portion of couscous.
I swallowed a soap bubble when I was washing my face while singing.
I swallowed my gum by accident.
I swallowed my pride.
I swallowed one.
I swallowed the pill.
I swam a lot during summer vacation.
I swam a lot during this summer vacation.
I swam a lot when I was young.
I swam a lot when I was younger.
I swam across the bay.
I swam across the lake.
I swam as fast as I could.
I swam back to the boat.
I swam back to the pier.
I swam for more than three hours yesterday.
I swam for three hours today.
I swam for two hours this afternoon.
I swam in my pool.
I swam in the afternoons during the summer vacation.
I swam in the lake.
I swam in the pool all day long and got a nice tan.
I swam in the river.
I swam in the sea.
I swam on the beach.
I swam sixteen lengths of the pool.
I swam there.
I swam three kilometers today.
I swam to the other end of the pool and back.
I swam to the other end of the pool.
I swam today.
I swam toward the shore.
I swam towards the other end of the pool.
I swam two pool lengths.
I swam very well when I was a child.
I swam with Tom yesterday.
I swam yesterday.
I swam.
I swapped a camera for a guitar.
I swatted a fly.
I swatted a mosquito.
I swear I am not free!
I swear I can't believe what I'm doing.
I swear I didn't copy that.
I swear I didn't do anything.
I swear I didn't do that.
I swear I didn't know Tom and Mary were coming.
I swear I didn't know Tom was coming.
I swear I didn't know Tom would be there.
I swear I didn't know Tom would do that.
I swear I didn't know that Tom would be there.
I swear I didn't know that Tom would do that.
I swear I didn't make this up.
I swear I didn't mean to eavesdrop; my hearing is just very good.
I swear I didn't see Tom.
I swear I didn't see anything.
I swear I didn't see her.
I swear I didn't see him.
I swear I didn't see them.
I swear I didn't see you.
I swear I didn't steal your wallet.
I swear I don't drink anymore.
I swear I don't know anything.
I swear I have absolutely nothing.
I swear I have never had fun without you.
I swear I heard a noise.
I swear I just saw Sasquatch!
I swear I love you.
I swear I never hurt Tom.
I swear I never hurt her.
I swear I never hurt him.
I swear I never hurt them.
I swear I never showed anyone that document.
I swear I no longer drink.
I swear I really tried everything.  Me too, I used to set traps, but I was never able to catch even a cockchafer, neither with a mandarin nor with a fig.
I swear I saw a tardigrade waving to me!
I swear I was going to share it.
I swear I wasn't the one who did that.
I swear I wasn't there.
I swear I will never do such a thing.
I swear I will not drink any more.
I swear I won't cry.
I swear I won't do that again.
I swear I won't do that anymore.
I swear I won't do that.
I swear I won't ever do that again.
I swear I won't leave you alone.
I swear I won't tell anyone your secret.
I swear I won't tell anyone.
I swear I'll always protect you.
I swear I'll kill you myself if you do that again.
I swear I'll make it right.
I swear I'll make it up to you.
I swear I'll never do such a thing.
I swear I'll never do that again.
I swear I'll pay you back.
I swear I'll rip off your head.
I swear I'll shoot you.
I swear I'll stop you.
I swear I'll tell you everything someday.
I swear I'll wait for you.
I swear I'm not doing it on purpose.
I swear I'm not drunk.
I swear I'm not high.
I swear I'm telling the sincere truth.
I swear I'm telling the truth.
I swear I've never done that.
I swear I've never eaten anything better.
I swear I've never had fun without you.
I swear I've never hurt Tom.
I swear all I meant to do was to threaten Tom.
I swear before God.
I swear before you, by all that is dear to me, that I’ve never done anything to be ashamed of.
I swear by God that I will speak the truth.
I swear by all the saints that we will never see the light as long as we continue to milk skinny goats hoping to extract butter from them!
I swear by all the saints!
I swear by all the saints.
I swear by my kids.
I swear by the beard of the prophet.
I swear by the funeral pillow that will support my head!
I swear by what is written.
I swear if I ever see you doing that again, I'll tell your father.
I swear if you ever do that again, I'll kill you.
I swear if you're not down here by the count of 3, I'm taking away your phone for a year!
I swear it by the Nymphs whom I invoked in the grotto whither we will again repair together as soon as the snow shall have melted.
I swear it couldn't be sweeter.
I swear it isn't my fault.
I swear it was Tom.
I swear it was her.
I swear it was him.
I swear it was them.
I swear it wasn't me.
I swear it wasn't my fault.
I swear it's not me.
I swear it's not my fault.
I swear it's the last time.
I swear it's true!
I swear it's true.
I swear on God that I saw Ziri in Rima's car.
I swear on everything holy that I didn't do that.
I swear on my honor.
I swear on my life that it's true!
I swear on my mother's life that I didn't do it!
I swear on my own life.
I swear on the name of Sami Bakir that this will never happen again.
I swear on the name of Ziri Sadiq that this will never happen again.
I swear she didn't say anything to me.
I swear she said nothing to me.
I swear that I didn't cheat.
I swear that I didn't copy that.
I swear that I didn't know Tom would be there.
I swear that I didn't know Tom would do that.
I swear that I didn't know that Tom would be there.
I swear that I didn't know that Tom would do that.
I swear that I didn't make this up.
I swear that I don't know anything.
I swear that I love you.
I swear that I wasn't the one who did that.
I swear that I will tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
I swear that I will tell you everything some day.
I swear that I won't do that again.
I swear that I won't do that anymore.
I swear that I'll make it up to you.
I swear that I'll never do a thing like that.
I swear that I'll never do such a thing.
I swear that I'll tell you everything someday.
I swear that I'll wait for you.
I swear that I'm not drunk.
I swear that I'm not high.
I swear that Tom wasn't there with me.
I swear that if I ever see you doing that again, I'll tell your father.
I swear that if you ever do that again, I'll kill you.
I swear that if you ever talk or see that Layla again, you're a dead man.
I swear that it is true, or may lightning strike me down.
I swear that this is the truth.
I swear that we don't know what is going on.
I swear that you don't know what is going on.
I swear that's all I want.
I swear that's true.
I swear that's what Tom told me.
I swear there's someone watching us.
I swear this corridor wasn't this long.
I swear this is true.
I swear this is what I do every morning.
I swear to God I didn't do anything.
I swear to God I didn't kill Tom.
I swear to God I saw that man last night.
I swear to God I'm fucking going to take this fucking ball and shove it down your fucking throat.
I swear to God nothing happened!
I swear to God that if I remember, I would tell you.
I swear to God that you're gonna lose that arm.
I swear to God this is true.
I swear to God, if one more person here says "giant robot", you're all as good as dead.
I swear to God.
I swear to me himself, said the Almighty, now that you would not spare your only begotten son,
I swear to you I didn't kill Tom.
I swear to you I will never do it again.
I swear to you I'll never do it again.
I swear to you if my son dies, I'll find you and strangle you with my bare hands.
I swear to you that I'm going to live with only one purpose in life: making you happy.
I swear to you, I can't remember anything.
I swear to you, the future will be beautiful!
I swear we will do everything we can to make the lives of every terrorist a living hell.
I swear what I told you is true.
I swear!
I swear, I can't remember the words to my own songs.
I swear, I didn't do anything.
I swear, I saw an alien!
I swear, I wouldn't date you if I was on fire and you were the last bucket of water.
I swear, I'm having way too much fun.
I swear, John.
I swear, John. As of today, I quit smoking.
I swear, Tom. You have to believe me.
I swear, he's a genius!
I swear, if you keep this up, I'll leave and never come back.
I swear, my math teacher is a machine disguised as a human.
I swear, nothing happened.
I swear, year 12 mathematics was the absolute worst.
I swear, you're all completely bonkers.
I swear.
I sweat a lot at night.
I sweat a lot.
I sweat every day.
I sweat.
I sweated a lot by exercising.
I sweated on the treadmill.
I sweated.
I sweep the floor.
I sweep the yard almost every day.
I sweeten coffee with molasses instead of sugar.
I swept the driveway for you.
I swept the floor in the kitchen.
I swept the floor.
I swept the kitchen floor.
I swept the yard.
I swept up dead leaves.
I swerved to avoid hitting a skunk.
I swiftly dismiss their questions about her.
I swilled a whiskey and water.
I swim a lot.
I swim almost every day in the summer.
I swim almost every day.
I swim and cycle as you know well.
I swim every chance I get.
I swim every chance that I get.
I swim every day.
I swim here every day.
I swim here every morning.
I swim in a lake.
I swim in the morning.
I swim in the river.
I swim in the sea every day.
I swim in the summer.
I swim like a cow.
I swim like a fish.
I swim on the weekend.
I swim once a week.
I swim once or twice a week.
I swim pretty well.
I swim really well.
I swim regularly.
I swim three kilometers a day.
I swim three or four times a week.
I swim two and a half kilometers a day.
I swim very fast.
I swim very quickly.
I swim very well.
I swim.
I swiped Tom's pencil.
I switch on my laptop, start up the browser, and type in the address I've already learnt by heart.
I switch on my laptop, start up the browser, and type in the address I’ve already learnt by heart.
I switched my computer off.
I switched my computer on.
I switched off my computer.
I switched off the TV.
I switched off the lamp.
I switched off the microphone.
I switched off the motor.
I switched on my computer.
I switched on the TV.
I switched on the desk lamp.
I switched on the lamp on my desk.
I switched on the lamp.
I switched on the light.
I switched on the microphone.
I switched one off.
I switched one on.
I switched places with Tom.
I switched the computer on.
I switched the lamp off.
I switched the lamp on.
I switched the light on.
I switched the microphone off.
I switched the microphone on.
I switched the motor off.
I switched to Google Chrome and it worked.
I swore I didn't do it.
I swore I'd make a difference.
I swore I'd never be like Tom.
I swore I'd never do that to anyone.
I swore I'd never do that.
I swore I'd never go back there.
I swore I'd never kiss Mary, but I ended up kissing her.
I swore I'd never kiss Tom, but I ended up kissing him.
I swore I'd never tell anyone.
I swore at Tom.
I swore at him.
I swore it was true.
I swore never to go back there.
I swore never to speak to her again.
I swore nothing happened.
I swore off drinking only to start again the next week.
I swore that I'd never go back there.
I swore to my wife that I would kill her if I found her in his company again, and I led her back with me, sobbing and trembling, and as white as a piece of paper.
I swore to myself I'd never do that again.
I swore to myself that I won't pick any sides from either side.
I swore to myself that I'd never do that again.
I swore to myself that she was one of the most beautiful girls I had ever seen.
I swore to tell the whole truth.
I swore.
I swung my leg over the fence.
I swung the bat and hit a home run.
I sympathise.
I sympathize with my friend who says that she's only an immigrant trying to protect the English language from its native speakers.
I sympathize with my friend who says that she’s only an immigrant trying to protect the English language from its native speakers.
I sympathize with you from the bottom of my heart.
I sympathize with you.
I sympathize.
I sympathized with her views.
I sympathized with them, and promised that I would do what I could to help.
I tackle every day's challenges head-on.
I tackled him on the problem.
I tackled making you a strong programmer, and you don't want to go to the gym?
I take Berber classes every Friday.
I take Berber classes.
I take English as my second language.
I take French classes at school.
I take French classes with my friends.
I take German classes.
I take a basket and a shopping bag with me.
I take a bath almost every day.
I take a bath every day.
I take a bath every evening after dinner.
I take a bath every morning in summer.
I take a bath every morning in the summer.
I take a bath every morning.
I take a bath every night.
I take a bath every other day.
I take a bath once a day.
I take a bicycle.
I take a book.
I take a break every three hours.
I take a break while working.
I take a bus.
I take a car.
I take a fancy to seeing movies.
I take a few night courses.
I take a five-minute break every hour.
I take a hot bath every night before bed.
I take a lot of medications.
I take a lot of medicine.
I take a lot of pictures.
I take a makroud.
I take a nap almost every day.
I take a nap nearly every afternoon.
I take a pain management pill for arthritis.
I take a piece of cake.
I take a short nap every day right after lunch.
I take a short nap every day.
I take a shower almost every day.
I take a shower almost every morning.
I take a shower every day.
I take a shower every morning before I go to school.
I take a shower every morning before I go to work.
I take a shower every morning.
I take a shower every night.
I take a shower every other day.
I take a shower once a day.
I take a simple view of life. It is keep your eyes open and get on with it.
I take a step back, resisting the urge to smash his head in.
I take a strong attitude toward her.
I take a taxi to the train station once or twice a week.
I take a taxi to the train station.
I take a vacation this week.
I take a walk almost every morning before breakfast.
I take a walk at six in the evening.
I take a walk at six in the morning.
I take a walk at two in the afternoon.
I take a walk before breakfast almost every day.
I take a walk every day except when it rains.
I take a walk every day.
I take a walk every morning.
I take a walk for exercise at least three times a week.
I take a walk with my dog in the evening.
I take accountability for my mistake.
I take advantage of discounts.
I take all the medications that the doctor has prescribed.
I take all the medications the doctor prescribed.
I take an umbrella with me when I go out.
I take antihistamines and get drowsy.
I take back everything I said.
I take back everything I've said.
I take back my words.
I take back what I just said.
I take back what I said.
I take birth control.
I take care not to be stressed out.
I take care of Tom when his parents are at work.
I take care of Tom.
I take care of a cat and a dog.
I take care of foster kids.
I take care of him.
I take care of my body.
I take care of my family.
I take care of my grandfather.
I take care of my kids.
I take care of my mother.
I take care of people's pets.
I take care of people.
I take care of the garden.
I take care of the place while Tom is away.
I take care of the place while the Jacksons are away.
I take care of the potatoes now.
I take courses on the weekends.
I take craziness to a much higher level than most people around me.
I take dance lessons.
I take dancing and modeling lessons.
I take everything back.
I take exercise for health.
I take five kinds of magazines every month.
I take for granted that my answer is correct.
I take for granted that you agree with me.
I take for granted that you will be coming to the meeting.
I take for granted that you'll do that.
I take full responsibility for everything.
I take full responsibility for my actions.
I take full responsibility for the action.
I take full responsibility for this.
I take full responsibility.
I take good care of my body.
I take good care of my plants.
I take great interest in history.
I take great pains in educating my daughter.
I take great pleasure in studying English in high school.
I take him.
I take his place.
I take in ideas effortlessly.
I take it Tom is your boyfriend.
I take it all back.
I take it all on myself! When the load is not too heavy and it is exceptional, I accept it.
I take it as a sign of hope.
I take it away.
I take it back.
I take it for granted that I'm such a great pilot.
I take it for granted that I’m such a great pilot.
I take it for granted that he will succeed in the examination.
I take it for granted that he would come.
I take it for granted that he'll pass the exam.
I take it for granted that people are honest.
I take it for granted that she will join us.
I take it for granted that she'll pass the exam.
I take it for granted that students come to school to study.
I take it for granted that they'll get married.
I take it for granted that they’ll get married.
I take it for granted that you don't care.
I take it for granted that you will join.
I take it for granted that you'll join.
I take it for granted that you'll pass the exam.
I take it from your silence that you are not satisfied with my answer.
I take it that means yes.
I take it that we are to come early.
I take it that you already know.
I take it that you are fully acquainted with the facts.
I take it that you know how to do that.
I take it that you're one of them.
I take it that's unusual.
I take it things could have gone better.
I take it things could've gone better.
I take it very seriously.
I take it we're stuck here for the next few hours.
I take it with me.
I take it you and Tom didn't get along.
I take it you asked for permission before you did it.
I take it you believe in love at first sight.
I take it you decided not to go.
I take it you disagree.
I take it you disapprove.
I take it you don't agree.
I take it you don't approve of the way Tom's been acting.
I take it you don't approve of the way Tom's been behaving.
I take it you don't believe Tom either.
I take it you don't do that any more.
I take it you googled me.
I take it you got my message.
I take it you have a problem with Tom.
I take it you haven't heard about what happened.
I take it you haven't heard from Tom.
I take it you know Tom pretty well.
I take it you know Tom.
I take it you know her.
I take it you know him.
I take it you know them.
I take it you like Tom.
I take it you speak from personal experience?
I take it you talked to Tom.
I take it you talked to her.
I take it you talked to him.
I take it you talked to them.
I take it you two don't get along.
I take it you two know each other.
I take it you're not married.
I take it you're not surprised.
I take it you're our new neighbor.
I take it you've made a decision.
I take it you've never seen Tom kiss Mary.
I take it you've seen the news.
I take it.
I take lessons in flower arrangement.
I take life seriously.
I take life so lightly.
I take light exercise every morning.
I take medication biweekly.
I take medication daily.
I take medication weekly.
I take medicine.
I take my bath singing.
I take my camera wherever I go.
I take my camera with me wherever I go.
I take my children to the beach almost every day.
I take my clothes to the cleaner's twice a month.
I take my clothes to the cleaner’s twice a month.
I take my coffee black.
I take my dog for a walk every morning.
I take my dog for a walk, rain or shine.
I take my hat off to Tom.
I take my hat off to her for her effort.
I take my hat off to him for his hard work.
I take my hat off to you!
I take my hat off to you.
I take my health seriously.
I take my job seriously.
I take my job very seriously.
I take my medicine every day.
I take my readers seriously. That's why the first chapter, indeed the first sentence of a novel is most important to me.
I take my responsibilities very seriously.
I take my tea without sugar.
I take my temperature every six hours.
I take my two dogs for a walk three times a day.
I take my vodka straight.
I take myself seriously.
I take notes in Berber.
I take notes in French.
I take off my hat to you.
I take off my hat.
I take off my shoes when I go in my house.
I take part in your enterprise.
I take part of the alphabet mafia.
I take part of the alphabetic mafia.
I take part of the alphabetical mafia.
I take partial responsibility.
I take pictures of a lot of things.
I take pleasure in creative forms of expression.
I take pride in my positive outlook on life.
I take pride in my work.
I take pride in what I do.
I take pride with the negative labels others stick on me.
I take private lessons.
I take responsibility for my own happiness.
I take responsibility for that.
I take revenge.
I take sides with him.
I take sides with you.
I take singing lessons at a school of music.
I take solace in her words.
I take solace in his words.
I take that as a compliment.
I take that back.
I take the blame.
I take the book because I see it.
I take the boy upon me, require him at my hand: unless I bring him again, and restore him to thee, I will be guilty of sin against thee for ever.
I take the bus at 8.
I take the bus on the street corner or the car when it rains.
I take the bus to school.
I take the bus to work every day.
I take the last exams in June and then I'll get my diploma.
I take the liberty of going home.
I take the lift.
I take the little ones home from school after lessons finish.
I take the little ones to school every morning.
I take the metro to school every day.
I take the opportunity to thank her.
I take the subway almost every day.
I take the subway to school every day.
I take the train to school.
I take the train to work every day.
I take the tram.
I take them a size bigger, if possible.
I take these cough drops when I have a dry throat.
I take this as a personal offense.
I take this medication every day.
I take this very seriously.
I take time for both business and pleasure.
I take two newspapers daily.
I take two small spoonfuls of sugar with my coffee.
I take two teaspoons of sugar with my coffee.
I take up less office space than other employees.
I take vitamins every day.
I take vitamins to boost my immune system.
I take vitamins.
I take what he says with a grain of salt.
I take white wine.
I take you for an honest man.
I take your word for it.
I talk a lot.
I talk about him every time I have the opportunity.
I talk about my work.
I talk about them every time.
I talk as if I knew everything.
I talk fast.
I talk in my sleep very often.
I talk in my sleep.
I talk like this 'cause I can back it up.
I talk to God but the sky is empty.
I talk to Tom a lot.
I talk to Tom all the time.
I talk to Tom every day.
I talk to Tom more than I talk to Mary.
I talk to Tom more than you do.
I talk to Tom on the phone every day.
I talk to Tom quite often.
I talk to Tom sometimes.
I talk to her a lot.
I talk to her all the time.
I talk to her more than you do.
I talk to her on the phone.
I talk to him a lot.
I talk to him all the time.
I talk to him as if he is with me.
I talk to him more than you do.
I talk to him. He listens to me.
I talk to my clients in Berber.
I talk to myself a lot, but there's no need to worry.
I talk to myself all the time.
I talk to myself in Berber.
I talk to myself in French.
I talk to myself.
I talk to the manager almost every day.
I talk to them all the time.
I talk to them more than you do.
I talk to you about mathematics.
I talk to you about this.
I talk to you, listen to me.
I talk to you.
I talk to young people all day long.
I talk too much.
I talk very fast.
I talk when I eat.
I talk while eating.
I talk with Tom a lot.
I talk with Tom and Mary all the time.
I talk with Tom in French every day.
I talk with my parents.
I talk, you listen.
I talked Skura into donating some money.
I talked Tom into doing it for me.
I talked Tom into doing that for me.
I talked Tom into doing that.
I talked Tom into donating some money.
I talked Tom into going to the party.
I talked Tom into helping me clean out the garage.
I talked Tom into helping us.
I talked Tom into rehab.
I talked Tom into selling me one of his paintings.
I talked Tom into waiting until 2:30.
I talked Tom out of doing it.
I talked Tom out of doing that.
I talked Tom out of it.
I talked Tom out of suing you.
I talked a little to Aki about clothes.
I talked a long time, and I managed to make her believe me.
I talked a lot.
I talked about Algeria in my book.
I talked about Kabylie.
I talked about Mina.
I talked about how I learned Berber as an adult.
I talked about lions.
I talked about music.
I talked about my home life.
I talked about my own conversion to Islam.
I talked about that.
I talked about the plan with Tom.
I talked about the village.
I talked about you with her for a while.
I talked as a friend.
I talked for hours.
I talked her into it.
I talked her into marrying him.
I talked him into it.
I talked him into selling his house.
I talked him out of the idea.
I talked it over with Tom, and we've decided to go, too.
I talked my boyfriend into buying me a ring.
I talked my father out of smoking.
I talked my wife out of buying a new car.
I talked my wife out of buying a new carpet.
I talked myself hoarse.
I talked myself into thinking it was a good idea.
I talked myself into thinking that it was a good idea.
I talked on the phone while working.
I talked on the phone.
I talked on the telephone.
I talked sense into Tom.
I talked some sense into him.
I talked to God.
I talked to Greg the Filipino this morning in Starbucks café. Greg was drinking Mocha and I a Passion Tango iced tea. I saw that seemingly "Greek" muscleman again, in and out of the café with his coffee. "Ang laki! (So big!)," I said to Greg. His body is like a Greek god sculpture. (I am not really sure if he is Greek, but I heard him talking in his cellphone in a language that sounded Greek to me.) I took my second walk in the grey-sky morning: At Yummy Slice pizzeria, Sachet the Gujarati vendor and Tharsan the Sri Lankan owner were there, as I was drinking my grey-can Diet Coke. At the Subway sandwitcheria, I got a Turkey Ranch "Snackwich" with spinach, tomatoes, fried onions, cucumbers, and honey mustard sauce. Simran the Punjabi Sikh was my vendor. She talked about the coming Lohri Festival in January for Punjabis. It has to do with celebrating with bonfires and honouring childbirth. I greeted Don the head-shaven white man at Starbucks café, where I was eating almonds. Today is the 9th of December of 2024.
I talked to Mary about my feelings.
I talked to Mary today about what she plans to do.
I talked to Skura Monday afternoon.
I talked to Tom a couple of times.
I talked to Tom a couple times.
I talked to Tom a little while ago.
I talked to Tom a lot.
I talked to Tom about Mary.
I talked to Tom about a lot of things.
I talked to Tom about everything.
I talked to Tom about it.
I talked to Tom about my feelings.
I talked to Tom about our plans.
I talked to Tom about that already.
I talked to Tom about that over breakfast.
I talked to Tom about that.
I talked to Tom about this for a long time.
I talked to Tom about visiting him.
I talked to Tom about what happened.
I talked to Tom after class.
I talked to Tom afterward.
I talked to Tom again.
I talked to Tom alone.
I talked to Tom and Mary today about what they plan to do.
I talked to Tom and Mary while I was waiting for John.
I talked to Tom and Mary.
I talked to Tom and he's OK.
I talked to Tom and he's fine.
I talked to Tom as well.
I talked to Tom backstage.
I talked to Tom before going on vacation.
I talked to Tom by phone.
I talked to Tom directly.
I talked to Tom earlier today.
I talked to Tom earlier.
I talked to Tom every day.
I talked to Tom every night.
I talked to Tom first.
I talked to Tom for a bit.
I talked to Tom for a few minutes.
I talked to Tom for you.
I talked to Tom in Boston.
I talked to Tom in French.
I talked to Tom just before he left.
I talked to Tom just the other day.
I talked to Tom last night.
I talked to Tom last week.
I talked to Tom mostly.
I talked to Tom on Monday.
I talked to Tom on the phone.
I talked to Tom over breakfast.
I talked to Tom recently.
I talked to Tom sometimes.
I talked to Tom the day he died.
I talked to Tom the other day.
I talked to Tom this afternoon.
I talked to Tom this morning just before the meeting.
I talked to Tom this morning.
I talked to Tom today about what he plans to do.
I talked to Tom today, too.
I talked to Tom today.
I talked to Tom yesterday afternoon.
I talked to Tom yesterday.
I talked to Tom's doctor yesterday.
I talked to Tom's doctor.
I talked to Tom's ex-wife about why they got divorced.
I talked to Tom's mother.
I talked to Tom's neighbors and co-workers.
I talked to Tom's old girlfriend.
I talked to Tom's parents.
I talked to Tom's teacher.
I talked to Tom's teachers.
I talked to Tom, too.
I talked to Tom.
I talked to a lawyer yesterday.
I talked to a minister.
I talked to a priest.
I talked to a psychiatrist.
I talked to a reporter.
I talked to a therapist.
I talked to all three of them.
I talked to everybody.
I talked to everyone.
I talked to friends.
I talked to her about it.
I talked to her again.
I talked to her for an hour.
I talked to her last night.
I talked to her on the phone.
I talked to her on the telephone.
I talked to her once at a party.
I talked to her.
I talked to him after class.
I talked to him again.
I talked to him and you did too and you know what happened.
I talked to him face to face today.
I talked to him last night.
I talked to him on the phone.
I talked to him on the telephone yesterday night.
I talked to him once at a party.
I talked to him when we were in the cinema.
I talked to him.
I talked to my advisors about which classes to take.
I talked to my attorney this morning.
I talked to my classmates in class.
I talked to my coworkers about it.
I talked to my fiance last night.
I talked to my friend in the FBI.
I talked to my friends about it.
I talked to my heart's content.
I talked to my heart’s content.
I talked to my lawyer this morning.
I talked to my teacher.
I talked to the Jacksons yesterday.
I talked to the girl you told me about.
I talked to the kids.
I talked to the new manager, I arranged everything.
I talked to the owners.
I talked to the waiter in French.
I talked to them again.
I talked to them last night.
I talked to them on the phone.
I talked to them.
I talked to two Lulu Islander neighbours today, the 15th of April of 2023. Michael the Dane-French told me how his siblings telecommunicating from the Atlantic coast lambasted him about his personal stories about extraterrestrials. (Elon Musk the multibillionaire still worries about Fermi's Paradox.) Then, I saw Derek the Filipino telling me about a great lumberjack's café that also serves Chinese breakfast.
I talked to your doctor. He told me that you needed to stay in bed for at least a week.
I talked to your parents.
I talked to your roommates.
I talked to your school counselor.
I talked to your superiors.
I talked to your supervisor.
I talked too much.
I talked when I wanted.
I talked with Stoyan about his new house.
I talked with Tom a bit.
I talked with Tom about that already.
I talked with Tom about that.
I talked with Tom again.
I talked with Tom for over an hour before he said something that made me realize he wasn't a native speaker.
I talked with Tom for over an hour before he said something that made me realize he wasn’t a native speaker.
I talked with Tom for several hours this afternoon.
I talked with Tom today.
I talked with Tom yesterday.
I talked with Tom.
I talked with friends.
I talked with her about you.
I talked with her for an hour.
I talked with her to my heart's content.
I talked with her to my heart’s content.
I talked with her.
I talked with him about it over the telephone.
I talked with him about you.
I talked with him far into the night.
I talked with him over the telephone yesterday.
I talked with him today over the phone, he says hi.
I talked with him.
I talked with my parents about my studying abroad.
I talked with my parents about studying in another country.
I talked with our sales people.
I talked with security.
I talked with the Polish ambassador.
I talked with them.
I talked with you yesterday, remember?
I talked.
I tanned myself on the beach.
I tanned.
I tap my foot to the beat of the music.
I taped the party.
I tapped my foot on the floor.
I taste of salt.
I taste, eat and drink with my mouth.
I tasted a bit of pie and it was delicious.
I tasted a bit of pie and it was exquisite.
I tasted a morsel of pie and it was delicious.
I tasted a morsel of pie and it was exquisite.
I tasted a piece of cake and it was delicious.
I tasted all goods, and didn’t find better than good health.
I tasted one.
I tasted some meat a while ago.
I tasted the cake she cooked.
I tasted the couscous and it was excellent.
I tasted the drink.
I tasted the fig and it didn't have a lot of flavor.
I tasted the fish.
I tasted the flavor of alcohol at sixteen.
I tasted the soup Tom made.
I tasted the soup that Tom made.
I tasted the soup.
I tasted the stew that Tom made.
I tasted the stew.
I tasted the wine.
I taught Berber in Algeria for four years.
I taught Berber on Skype.
I taught Berber online.
I taught Berber to my wife.
I taught Berber.
I taught French at a university in Australia.
I taught French for several years.
I taught French for thirty years.
I taught French for three years.
I taught French in Australia for three years.
I taught French in Boston for three years.
I taught French in a high school in Boston.
I taught French many years ago.
I taught French online.
I taught French to Tom three years ago.
I taught French to Tom's children.
I taught French to Tom's kids.
I taught French when I was younger.
I taught French, too.
I taught French.
I taught Mary everything she knows.
I taught Mary how to make bread.
I taught Miyuki how to keep a dog indoors.
I taught Tom French for three years.
I taught Tom French three years ago.
I taught Tom French.
I taught Tom a lesson.
I taught Tom everything he knows.
I taught Tom golf.
I taught Tom how to cook.
I taught Tom how to do that.
I taught Tom how to drive.
I taught Tom how to live under water.
I taught Tom how to sing my favorite song.
I taught Tom how to survive.
I taught Tom how to swim.
I taught Tom some French.
I taught Tom three years ago.
I taught Tom's children French.
I taught Tom's kids French.
I taught a class on solipsism, but I was the only one there.
I taught a class on solipsism, but there was nobody there but me.
I taught a module on data validation, and the students really responded to it.
I taught at Harvard.
I taught her Arabic and she taught me some Berber in return.
I taught her everything she knows.
I taught her some Berber and she taught me some Finnish in return.
I taught her to ride a bicycle.
I taught him everything he knows.
I taught him his first words in French.
I taught him how to swim.
I taught him music.
I taught him to ride a bicycle.
I taught history.
I taught in Australia for three years.
I taught in Boston for three years.
I taught in Boston.
I taught my children French.
I taught my dog various commands.
I taught my girlfriend how to drive.
I taught my sister how to drive.
I taught my wife how to drive.
I taught my wife some Berber.
I taught myself French.
I taught myself how to do that.
I taught myself how to do this.
I taught myself how to play the guitar.
I taught some Berber to my wife.
I taught the cat to pee in the toilet.
I taught until recently.
I taught you better than that.
I taught you how to make love.
I taught you something.
I taught you well.
I teach Berber at a middle school.
I teach Berber at a public school.
I teach Berber here in Kabylie, Algeria.
I teach Berber on my YouTube channel.
I teach Berber online.
I teach Berber to children.
I teach Berber to my son.
I teach Berber via Skype.
I teach Berber.
I teach Chinese.
I teach Dutch.
I teach English almost every day.
I teach English and learn Hindi.
I teach English in high school.
I teach English to someone.
I teach English to the second year classes.
I teach English.
I teach French almost every day.
I teach French at a high school.
I teach French at a junior high school.
I teach French at a nearby junior high school.
I teach French at the community center.
I teach French at the high school up the street.
I teach French at the school Tom and Mary go to.
I teach French at the school Tom goes to.
I teach French at this school.
I teach French every day.
I teach French here in Boston.
I teach French here.
I teach French in Boston.
I teach French occasionally.
I teach French online.
I teach French to Tom once a week.
I teach French to Tom's children.
I teach French to Tom.
I teach French to adults.
I teach French to children.
I teach French to college kids.
I teach French to my children.
I teach French to my friends once a week.
I teach French to young children.
I teach French.
I teach Islamic culture in Paris.
I teach Japanese to foreigners.
I teach Kabyle.
I teach Mr Lee's children English in exchange for room and board.
I teach Mr Lee’s children English in exchange for room and board.
I teach Mr. Lee's children English in exchange for room and board.
I teach Romanian.
I teach Spanish and English.
I teach Spanish as a foreign language, so you better believe I know what I'm talking about.
I teach Spanish very well.
I teach Spanish.
I teach Swahili.
I teach Tamazight in the village.
I teach Tom French three times a week.
I teach Tom French.
I teach Tom's children French three days a week.
I teach Tom's children French three times a week.
I teach almost every day of the week.
I teach at a driving school.
I teach biology and French.
I teach children up to five years old.
I teach classes here five days a week.
I teach foreign languages and also work as a translator.
I teach geography.
I teach here.
I teach him English.
I teach history at the largest high school in town.
I teach history.
I teach in a high school.
I teach in the arts building.
I teach in the college of medicine.
I teach in the village.
I teach kids from nought to five years old.
I teach languages to professionals.
I teach languages.
I teach mathematics and physics.
I teach my son Berber.
I teach students Russian.
I teach teachers.
I teach third grade.
I teach yoga.
I teach you Spanish.
I teach you to speak English.
I teach.
I teamed up with Brendon for the doubles tournament.
I teamed up with Tom for our school project.
I tear my clothes when I work in the garden.
I tear up whenever I hear that song.
I teared up thinking about it.
I teased Tom.
I teased her.
I teased him.
I telegraphed to Liverpool, giving a description of the man, and warning them to keep a watch upon the American boats.
I telephoned Skura again and again.
I telephoned her at once.
I telephoned him the message.
I telephoned him to come at once.
I telephoned my friend to congratulate him.
I telephoned my mother-in-law, informing her of the situation.
I telephoned my order for the book.
I telephoned to make sure that he was coming.
I telephoned to say that I wanted to see him.
I teleported.
I tell Tom everything.
I tell Tom that every day.
I tell Tom the same thing all the time.
I tell Tom the same thing every day.
I tell everybody that I can't speak French, even though I can.
I tell everyone that I can't speak French, even though I can.
I tell her everything.
I tell her that every day.
I tell him everything.
I tell him that every day.
I tell it like it is.
I tell my best friend everything.
I tell my children pretty stories.
I tell my children stories almost every evening.
I tell my daughter a story to get her to go to sleep.
I tell my mother everything that happens to me during the day.
I tell my students that all the time.
I tell my wife to hurry.
I tell myself I'll only take a five-minute break, but I inevitably lose track of time, and five minutes turns into five hours.
I tell myself that "If you are scared of mistakes then you cannot achieve anything."
I tell myself that all the time.
I tell people all the time that they should do that.
I tell people all the time they should do that.
I tell stories almost every day.
I tell that story all the time.
I tell the truth and I want to make love.
I tell the truth.
I tell them everything.
I tell them that every day.
I tell them what I know.
I tell them what I lived.
I tell ya, you're in deep trouble, my lad.
I tell ya, you’re in deep trouble, my lad.
I tell you I despise that man.
I tell you a little secret.
I tell you a lot of things I wouldn't tell Tom.
I tell you everything.
I tell you from my heart that I love you.
I tell you it's a bad idea.
I tell you it's no good your being angry with me.
I tell you it’s no good your being angry with me.
I tell you some things about your bride you surely don't know.
I tell you that I am married!
I tell you that I am personally against abortion.
I tell you the Third World War begins with a change of government in Hungary.
I tell you the truth, no one can see the kingdom of God unless he is born again.
I tell you the truth.
I tell you this because I love you.
I tell you this without wanting to be argumentative and in all friendship.
I tell you this.
I tell you what has happened to me.
I tell you!
I tell you, I tell you, the Dragonborn comes!
I tell you, Watson, in all seriousness, that if I could beat that man, if I could free society of him, I should feel that my own career had reached its summit, and I should be prepared to turn to some more placid line in life.
I tell you, books are the depositories of the human spirit, which is the only thing in this world that endures.
I tell you, these succulent persimmons taste like steak; in addition, they are from our region, from Mitidja.
I tell you, this can't end well.
I tend not to fight people.
I tend not to get sick.
I tend to agree with Tom.
I tend to agree with her.
I tend to agree with him.
I tend to agree with them.
I tend to agree with you.
I tend to agree.
I tend to be lazy.
I tend to catch colds.
I tend to chase away children when they see me.
I tend to choose what I already know.
I tend to collect tiny little objects, like balms sold on the market, little candles and candlesticks. As long as they are tiny and cutesy, I like them.
I tend to doubt it.
I tend to dream when I sleep.
I tend to eat a light dinner.
I tend to fall for guys who aren't right for me.
I tend to forget things.
I tend to forget what I say when I'm drunk, but I'm confident that it reflects my true feelings.
I tend to get jealous, so I started seeing him as a rival.
I tend to get jittery before presentations.
I tend to get lost in my feelings.
I tend to get unbalanced when I try standing, so I tend to fall very easily.
I tend to gravitate towards dark colors when buying winter clothes.
I tend to gravitate towards morbid topics.
I tend to hate things like that.
I tend to have nightmares.
I tend to judge people by the company they keep.
I tend to just block people like that.
I tend to laugh when I'm nervous.
I tend to look at the pictures before reading the text.
I tend to look at things from a scientific materialist perspective.
I tend to make mistakes.
I tend to misinterpret things.
I tend to overthink every option.
I tend to poop a lot.
I tend to prefer practical matters.
I tend to procrastinate.
I tend to ramble, so stop me if I go off on a tangent.
I tend to shy away from social interactions.
I tend to stay engaged throughout the day.
I tend to take things personally.
I tend to talk too much.
I tend to use "but" a lot, but I don't care.
I tend to wear clothes that are comfortable and practical rather than fashionable.
I tend to work a lot.
I tended the fire.
I tended to the wounded.
I tensed up.
I terminated the employment contract.
I tested everything.
I tested it on both Firefox and Chrome.
I tested one.
I testified against Linda.
I testified in the afternoon.
I testified.
I texted Silya.
I texted Skura back.
I texted Tom back.
I texted Tom in French.
I texted Tom yesterday morning.
I texted Tom, but he hasn't gotten back to me.
I texted Tom.
I texted a friend.
I texted her in Berber.
I texted her to express my feelings for her.
I texted her to express my love for her.
I texted her to let her know how I felt about her.
I texted her to tell her how I felt about her.
I texted her to tell her how much I adore her.
I texted her.
I texted him as soon as I heard the news.
I texted him in Berber.
I texted him.
I texted my teacher.
I texted the wrong person.
I thank God every day for that.
I thank God every night for that.
I thank God for guiding me to Islam.
I thank God for making me an atheist.
I thank God for my family.
I thank God for my mother.
I thank God for what Tom did.
I thank God that didn't happen.
I thank You, living and enduring King, Who has returned my spirit to me with compassion. Great is Your trust.
I thank You, living and enduring King, who has restored my soul to me with mercy. Great is Your faith.
I thank all of you for coming.
I thank all women who every day strive to build more humane and welcoming societies.
I thank everybody who made this possible.
I thank everyone who made this possible.
I thank my family for that.
I thank my lucky stars that I'm still alive.
I thank the Lord I still have my mind.
I thank the Lord every day.
I thank the people in Turkey, the Turkish nation, for their support.
I thank you all so much.
I thank you for being frank.
I thank you for coming.
I thank you for that.
I thank you for the kindness you have shown us.
I thank you for the trust expressed in me.
I thank you for the trust that you have expressed in me.
I thank you for the warning.
I thank you for this lovely evening.
I thank you for this opportunity.
I thank you for your assistance.
I thank you for your confidence.
I thank you for your cooperation.
I thank you for your courtesy.
I thank you for your existence.
I thank you for your gift.
I thank you for your help.
I thank you for your helpfulness.
I thank you for your honesty.
I thank you for your kindness.
I thank you for your leniency.
I thank you for your patience.
I thank you for your sympathy.
I thank you for your willingness.
I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
I thank you in advance for your assistance.
I thank you in advance for your kind cooperation and remain at your disposal for any information if necessary.
I thank you on behalf of my son.
I thank you sincerely for having shown me the errors.
I thank you very much for your help.
I thank you very much for your kindness.
I thank you with all my heart.
I thank you.
I thanked Mary for her advice.
I thanked Mary for her help.
I thanked Mary for her time.
I thanked Mina profusely.
I thanked Nuja.
I thanked Skura for the book.
I thanked Tom and Mary for their advice.
I thanked Tom and Mary for their time.
I thanked Tom for his advice.
I thanked Tom for his help.
I thanked Tom for his patience.
I thanked Tom for his support.
I thanked Tom for his time.
I thanked Tom for his work.
I thanked Tom for the flowers.
I thanked Tom for the present.
I thanked Tom for the time he put in.
I thanked Tom for the tip.
I thanked Tom for washing my car.
I thanked Tom for what he did for us.
I thanked Tom for what he did.
I thanked Tom in French.
I thanked Tom.
I thanked both Tom and Mary.
I thanked her for her help.
I thanked her for her kind hospitality.
I thanked her.
I thanked him for helping me.
I thanked him for his help.
I thanked him for lending me a book.
I thanked him for not doing anything.
I thanked him for the nice present.
I thanked him for what he did.
I thanked him for what he had done.
I thanked him from the bottom of my heart.
I thanked him.
I thanked my lucky stars.
I thanked the boy who found my wallet.
I thanked the police.
I thanked them both.
I then began to understand.
I then realized that there was a female leopard roaring some fifty to sixty meters away.
I then wrote a report of what happened, to inform you.
I theorise a terrorist breeding ground and terrorize a rigorist network.
I theorize a terrorist breeding ground and terrorize a rigorist network.
I therefore admonish you to give the defendant the benefit of every reasonable doubt.
I therefore look forward to your reply and remain at your disposal for any questions you may have in this regard.
I therefore spent the day at my club, and did not return to Baker Street until evening.
I thin Tom and Mary are both unmarried.
I think "potato" is the funniest word.
I think Algeria is on the right track.
I think Algeria is ready for democracy.
I think American Thanksgiving Day is too close to Christmas Day, unlike Canadian Thanksgiving Day.
I think Ann loves Jack.
I think Australia has a lot of good-looking guys.
I think Australia is fascinating.
I think Australia is larger than New Zealand, but I'm not sure.
I think Australia is nicer than New Zealand.
I think Australia is one of the best countries in the world.
I think Australia is one of the most beautiful countries in the world.
I think Australia is worth visiting.
I think Avonlea is a lovely place; and the people in it are very nice, too.
I think Beethoven is as great a composer as ever lived.
I think Beethoven is the greatest composer who ever lived.
I think Berber is just a language of love.
I think Betty is eligible for a fine young man.
I think Bigfoot just walked through here.
I think Boston is a fascinating city.
I think Boston is a nicer place to live than Chicago.
I think Boston is a safe city.
I think Boston is better than Chicago.
I think Boston is larger than Chicago, but I'm not sure.
I think Boston is nicer than Chicago.
I think Boston is one of the most expensive places in the world to live.
I think Boston is the best city in the world.
I think Boston is the most beautiful city in the world.
I think Boston is the only city Tom is planning on going to.
I think Boston is very beautiful.
I think Boston is worth visiting.
I think Cookie got into something he wasn't supposed to.
I think Cookie is allergic to humans.
I think Cyrus is sending a letter.
I think Dania was in love with Fadil.
I think Dante is better than Milton.
I think Donald guessed right.
I think Elias has been punished enough.
I think English is hard, but it's worth learning.
I think English is really useful as a tool in the globalised world.
I think Esperanto is difficult.
I think France is the most beautiful country in Europe.
I think Frankfurters have much more taste than Viennese.
I think French class is boring.
I think French grammar is difficult.
I think French is a difficult language.
I think French is a really difficult language.
I think French is difficult.
I think French is hard.
I think French is really difficult.
I think French is really hard.
I think French is the most beautiful language in the world.
I think French is the most beautiful language.
I think French pronunciation is difficult.
I think God has a plan for everybody.
I think God has a plan for everyone.
I think God is a woman.
I think God made the birds in his image.
I think Griffith conducts the orchestra brilliantly.
I think Hitler will have an unpleasant afterlife.
I think Honda will come tomorrow.
I think I added too much sugar.
I think I agree with all of that.
I think I agree with what Tom said.
I think I agree.
I think I already know that.
I think I already know what you're about to say to me.
I think I already know what you're going to say to me.
I think I already know why Tom did that.
I think I already wrote to you.
I think I am able to do that in my free time.
I think I am actually humble. I think I'm much more humble than you would understand.
I think I am burning with fever.
I think I am cold.
I think I am evolving day by day.
I think I am fat because I eat a lot of sugar and ice cream.
I think I am finally going to retire.
I think I am going to kill your dog if it doesn't stop barking.
I think I am going to throw up.
I think I am lost.
I think I am overworked.
I think I am ready to become a Muslim.
I think I am ready to convert to Islam.
I think I am ready.
I think I am the depiction of God under his human form.
I think I am the only one awake.
I think I asked for too much.
I think I asked the right questions.
I think I ate a little too much today.
I think I ate too many egg rolls.
I think I ate too much chocolate!
I think I ate too much chocolate.
I think I ate too much.
I think I believe Tom.
I think I believe her.
I think I believe him.
I think I believe them.
I think I believe you.
I think I belong here.
I think I belong to England.
I think I better have a talk with the boys.
I think I blacked out.
I think I broke Tom's heart.
I think I broke his heart.
I think I broke it.
I think I broke my arm.
I think I broke my leg.
I think I can adapt.
I think I can afford to buy a new car.
I think I can afford to buy it.
I think I can afford to buy that.
I think I can answer that in the affirmative.
I think I can answer that.
I think I can arrange that.
I think I can be there by 2:30.
I think I can beat Tom's record.
I think I can beat you.
I think I can break Tom's record.
I think I can come over this afternoon.
I think I can complete the project by Monday afternoon.
I think I can complete this task by myself.
I think I can dance pretty well.
I think I can do better than that.
I think I can do better.
I think I can do both things at the same time.
I think I can do it in my spare time.
I think I can do it this week.
I think I can do it.
I think I can do something about that.
I think I can do that again.
I think I can do that alone.
I think I can do that better than you can.
I think I can do that better than you.
I think I can do that by myself.
I think I can do that faster on my own.
I think I can do that faster than Tom can.
I think I can do that faster than Tom.
I think I can do that faster than you.
I think I can do that if I try.
I think I can do that in my free time.
I think I can do that tomorrow.
I think I can do that without your help.
I think I can do that.
I think I can do this on my own.
I think I can do this.
I think I can eat this.
I think I can explain it clearly with these pictures I've taken.
I think I can explain that so even Tom can understand.
I think I can explain that so that even Tom can understand.
I think I can explain that so you can understand.
I think I can explain that.
I think I can explain this.
I think I can explain what happened.
I think I can explain what the problem is.
I think I can explain what's going on.
I think I can explain where we went wrong.
I think I can facilitate that.
I think I can figure it out.
I think I can find Tom.
I think I can find it cheaper at another store.
I think I can find my way.
I think I can find the time.
I think I can find your house.
I think I can fit you into my schedule.
I think I can fix it.
I think I can fix this.
I think I can forgo this.
I think I can get Tom to do that if you can't.
I think I can get Tom to do that if you don't want to.
I think I can get Tom to help.
I think I can get Tom to listen to me.
I think I can get a lot better.
I think I can get along with Tom.
I think I can get her to help.
I think I can get him to help.
I think I can get them to help.
I think I can get through this book tonight.
I think I can give you something that'll make you feel better.
I think I can go to Australia with you next week.
I think I can handle it OK.
I think I can handle it from here.
I think I can handle it.
I think I can handle that.
I think I can handle this job.
I think I can handle this myself.
I think I can handle this one alone.
I think I can handle this.
I think I can hear something behind us.
I think I can hear the church bells ringing.
I think I can help Tom and Mary do that.
I think I can help Tom do that.
I think I can help Tom with his homework.
I think I can help Tom.
I think I can help with that.
I think I can help you find Tom.
I think I can help you solve your problems.
I think I can help you with that.
I think I can help you.
I think I can help.
I think I can keep Tom from bothering you anymore.
I think I can learn from my mistakes.
I think I can live off the free food they give in the canteen.
I think I can make a difference.
I think I can manage alone.
I think I can manage on my own.
I think I can outsmart Tom.
I think I can persuade Tom to go.
I think I can probably afford to buy a new trumpet.
I think I can probably buy one of those for you.
I think I can probably do that sometime this week.
I think I can probably do that.
I think I can probably speak French better than Tom.
I think I can probably take care of myself.
I think I can prove it.
I think I can reach the branch if you'll give me a boost.
I think I can reach the branch if you’ll give me a boost.
I think I can really trust you.
I think I can run as fast as Tom.
I think I can save you some time.
I think I can say yes to that.
I think I can see everyone from here.
I think I can see our house from here.
I think I can see something up ahead.
I think I can sell your old car for you.
I think I can show you how to do that.
I think I can sing fairly well.
I think I can sing that.
I think I can solve this problem by myself.
I think I can solve this problem without help.
I think I can solve this problem without your help.
I think I can spare a few minutes.
I think I can speak French as well as Tom can.
I think I can speak French well enough to get by.
I think I can speak French well enough to say pretty much anything I want to say.
I think I can stay.
I think I can still do that.
I think I can still hear, hidden under the palm trees, her tender and sonorous voice like the song of wood pigeons.
I think I can still run faster than you.
I think I can still take care of myself.
I think I can swim faster than Tom can.
I think I can swim faster than Tom.
I think I can take care of myself.
I think I can take you with me if you wish to go.
I think I can tell you what's going on.
I think I can trust you.
I think I can win.
I think I can work with you.
I think I can't afford to buy that.
I think I can't let this opportunity slip by.
I think I can't stay.
I think I can.
I think I caught a bug over the weekend.
I think I caught your cold.
I think I convinced Tom to do that.
I think I convinced Tom.
I think I could be persuaded to do that.
I think I could be persuaded to sing.
I think I could be persuaded.
I think I could come to Australia for Christmas.
I think I could come to Boston for Christmas.
I think I could convince Tom to put you on the list.
I think I could do a better job.
I think I could do it this time.
I think I could do that if I really tried.
I think I could do that if I tried.
I think I could do that if you helped me.
I think I could do that if you showed me how.
I think I could do that now.
I think I could do that without any help.
I think I could do that, but I don't want to.
I think I could do that.
I think I could do the same thing.
I think I could fix that.
I think I could get Tom to do that.
I think I could get a day off.
I think I could get the job done in half the time.
I think I could get used to living here.
I think I could get used to seeing you every day.
I think I could get used to this.
I think I could handle doing that.
I think I could handle it.
I think I could handle that.
I think I could have done better.
I think I could have done that better.
I think I could have done that by myself.
I think I could have helped them.
I think I could have that done by 2:30.
I think I could help you do that.
I think I could help.
I think I could learn a lot from you.
I think I could probably do that.
I think I could still do it.
I think I could still do that.
I think I could swim across the river if I tried.
I think I could use some help in this area.
I think I could've done better.
I think I could've done that better.
I think I could've done that by myself.
I think I could've done that without any help.
I think I could've done that.
I think I could've helped Tom do that.
I think I could've helped Tom.
I think I could've helped them.
I think I couldn't do what Tom and Mary are doing?
I think I couldn't do what Tom and Mary do?
I think I couldn't do what Tom does?
I think I couldn't do what Tom is doing.
I think I couldn't kill.
I think I deserve a break now.
I think I deserve a raise.
I think I deserve an answer.
I think I deserve an explanation.
I think I deserve at least a little bit of respect for my effort in trying to help you guys.
I think I deserve that.
I think I did OK on the exam.
I think I did OK on the test.
I think I did OK.
I think I did a good job.
I think I did a pretty good job.
I think I did all right.
I think I did fairly well today.
I think I did it.
I think I did my part. The rest is up to you.
I think I did pretty well.
I think I did really well.
I think I did right.
I think I did something really stupid.
I think I did something to make Tom angry.
I think I did something wrong.
I think I did that once.
I think I did that pretty well.
I think I did that really well.
I think I did that right.
I think I did that the wrong way.
I think I did that wrong.
I think I did that.
I think I did the right thing.
I think I did very well on the test.
I think I did well on my exam.
I think I did well on my test.
I think I did well on the exam.
I think I did well on the test.
I think I did well.
I think I didn't do that.
I think I didn't give you any cause to behave with me in this way.
I think I didn't make a good first impression.
I think I didn't make the right choice.
I think I didn't said it clearly enough.
I think I discovered something.
I think I do good work.
I think I do need some glasses.
I think I don't deserve it.
I think I don't deserve you.
I think I don't have to do that.
I think I don't know anyone around here.
I think I don't need to do that.
I think I don't need to look any further, I think I just need to be in a love relationship with another Capricorn.
I think I don't understand you.
I think I drank a bit too much.
I think I drank more than Tom did last night.
I think I drank too much.
I think I eat a fairly balanced diet.
I think I fainted.
I think I feel better.
I think I fell asleep during class.
I think I fell asleep during the last class.
I think I fell asleep in the meeting.
I think I fell asleep.
I think I fell in love with you the first time I saw you.
I think I figured it out.
I think I figured something out.
I think I finally understand now.
I think I forgot my bag at home.
I think I forgot something.
I think I forgot to give a key to Tom.
I think I forgot to lock the door.
I think I forgot to rinse the condenser with acetone.
I think I forgot to tell Tom about the party.
I think I forgot to tell Tom that.
I think I forgot to turn off the lights.
I think I forgot to turn off the stove.
I think I forgot to turn the lights off.
I think I found Tom.
I think I found a problem.
I think I found his weak spot.
I think I found it.
I think I found one.
I think I found something.
I think I found the perfect Berber dictionary for you.
I think I found the problem.
I think I found what you're looking for.
I think I frightened Tom.
I think I gave Tom the wrong key.
I think I gave up too soon.
I think I get it now.
I think I get the general idea.
I think I get the idea.
I think I get the picture.
I think I got a little too much sun today.
I think I got all of them.
I think I got everything.
I think I got it right.
I think I got it.
I think I got my point across.
I think I got something in my eye.
I think I got what's wrong.
I think I had a heart attack.
I think I had an idea.
I think I had better have my sweater mended.
I think I had better not say anything about it.
I think I had chickenpox as a child.
I think I had the most fun when I was in eighth grade.
I think I handled it really well.
I think I hate Halloween now.
I think I have a better idea.
I think I have a broken rib.
I think I have a cavity.
I think I have a chance to win.
I think I have a cold.
I think I have a concussion.
I think I have a decayed tooth.
I think I have a fever.
I think I have a future here.
I think I have a good chance of being chosen.
I think I have a good chance of being elected.
I think I have a good chance of being hired for the job.
I think I have a good chance of getting elected.
I think I have a good chance of winning the election.
I think I have a good chance of winning.
I think I have a good chance.
I think I have a good sense of humor.
I think I have a gum infection.
I think I have a handle on your problem.
I think I have a lot of plaque build up.
I think I have a lot of tartar.
I think I have a lot to offer.
I think I have a picture of Tom somewhere.
I think I have a pretty good idea what Tom might be doing right now.
I think I have a pretty good idea what Tom might do.
I think I have a pretty good idea.
I think I have a problem.
I think I have a question.
I think I have a right to know what's going on here.
I think I have a right to know.
I think I have a solution.
I think I have a stomach virus, or the flu, or both.
I think I have a theory about that.
I think I have a virus on my computer.
I think I have a way to save you some time.
I think I have about enough time to do that.
I think I have about enough time to get the train to Boston.
I think I have almost enough money to buy the computer I want.
I think I have an aim in life.
I think I have an answer for the question you asked me earlier.
I think I have an answer to the question you asked me earlier.
I think I have an idea.
I think I have an upset stomach.
I think I have chickenpox.
I think I have done my bit; it's your turn now.
I think I have enough money to retire.
I think I have enough paint.
I think I have everything I need.
I think I have frostbite.
I think I have had one too many.
I think I have heard someone's voice.
I think I have heard that story before.
I think I have it figured out.
I think I have it.
I think I have just about enough money to buy the computer that I want.
I think I have more than one fursona.
I think I have some leftover pizza in the fridge.
I think I have something you want.
I think I have tendinitis.
I think I have tendonitis.
I think I have the advantage.
I think I have the answer.
I think I have the best job in the world.
I think I have the key to that drawer.
I think I have the plague.
I think I have the right to know what happened.
I think I have the right to know who did that.
I think I have the right to know why it happened.
I think I have the solution to all our problems.
I think I have the solution to all your problems.
I think I have to begin working on my homework.
I think I have to do that.
I think I have to get moving with some work for the exams.
I think I have to go back on a diet after Christmas.
I think I have what it takes to be a manager.
I think I have what it takes.
I think I haven't made any mistakes.
I think I haven't studied enough.
I think I hear Tom.
I think I hear a baby crying.
I think I hear a siren.
I think I hear someone else in the kitchen with Tom.
I think I hear something behind us.
I think I hear something up ahead.
I think I hear something.
I think I hear them.
I think I hear three or four horses galloping together.
I think I heard Mary say that she was going to do that.
I think I heard Mary say that she'd do that.
I think I heard Mary say that she'll do that.
I think I heard Tom and Mary say that they were going to do that.
I think I heard Tom and Mary say that they'd do that.
I think I heard Tom and Mary say that they'll do that.
I think I heard Tom say that Mary was going to do that.
I think I heard Tom say that Mary was the one who did that.
I think I heard Tom say that he was going to do that.
I think I heard Tom say that he'd do that.
I think I heard Tom say that he'll do that.
I think I heard Tom whispering.
I think I heard Tom's voice.
I think I heard a baby's cry.
I think I heard a cat meowing in the neighbour's flat.
I think I heard a cat miaowing in the neighbour's flat.
I think I heard a cock crowing in the distance.
I think I heard a cockerel crowing in the distance.
I think I heard a dog barking in the distance.
I think I heard a horse whinnying in the street.
I think I heard a man's voice.
I think I heard a woman's voice.
I think I heard gunshots.
I think I heard somebody calling me.
I think I heard somebody moving on the porch.
I think I heard somebody opening a window.
I think I heard someone calling me.
I think I heard someone moving on the porch.
I think I heard someone opening a window.
I think I heard someone screaming over there.
I think I heard something fall.
I think I heard something falling.
I think I heard something.
I think I heard the doorbell. Can you go check, please?
I think I heard you speaking French earlier.
I think I helped a little.
I think I hurt Tom's feelings.
I think I hurt Tom.
I think I hurt her feelings.
I think I hurt his feelings.
I think I impressed Tom.
I think I impressed her.
I think I impressed him.
I think I impressed them.
I think I impressed you.
I think I inspired Tom.
I think I just figured it out.
I think I just found the problem.
I think I just heard somebody scream.
I think I just heard somebody.
I think I just heard someone call your name.
I think I just heard someone knocking on the door.
I think I just heard someone.
I think I just heard something.
I think I just hurt my back.
I think I just lost my passport.
I think I just opened Pandora's box with what I said.
I think I just said that.
I think I just saw Bigfoot.
I think I just saw something.
I think I know Tom as well as anybody.
I think I know Tom's secret.
I think I know Tom.
I think I know a way out of here.
I think I know an easier way to do that.
I think I know as much as you do.
I think I know as much as you.
I think I know everybody here.
I think I know everyone here.
I think I know everything I need to know about this.
I think I know her.
I think I know him.
I think I know how Tom did that.
I think I know how to do that.
I think I know how to find Tom.
I think I know how to find her.
I think I know how to find him.
I think I know how to find them.
I think I know how to keep it from happening again.
I think I know how to solve the problem.
I think I know how you feel.
I think I know somebody that might help us.
I think I know someone that might help us.
I think I know someone who can help.
I think I know someone who might help us.
I think I know that girl over there.
I think I know that guy.
I think I know that man.
I think I know the Tom you're talking about.
I think I know the answer.
I think I know the answers.
I think I know this feeling of relief.
I think I know what Tom and Mary are doing here.
I think I know what Tom and Mary are doing.
I think I know what Tom is doing here.
I think I know what Tom is doing.
I think I know what Tom would do.
I think I know what Tom would say.
I think I know what Tom's doing here.
I think I know what happened to Tom.
I think I know what happened.
I think I know what happens now.
I think I know what it is.
I think I know what needs to be done.
I think I know what that is.
I think I know what the problem is here.
I think I know what the problem is.
I think I know what this is.
I think I know what this means.
I think I know what to do.
I think I know what to say.
I think I know what we need to do.
I think I know what you mean.
I think I know what you need.
I think I know what you're about to tell me.
I think I know what you're thinking.
I think I know what you're trying to tell Tom.
I think I know what's going on here.
I think I know what's going to happen next.
I think I know what's going to happen now.
I think I know what's happening now.
I think I know what's necessary.
I think I know what's wrong.
I think I know where Tom and Mary are going.
I think I know where Tom and Mary are headed.
I think I know where Tom and Mary are.
I think I know where Tom hid his key.
I think I know where Tom is going.
I think I know where Tom is headed.
I think I know where Tom is.
I think I know where Tom might be.
I think I know where Tom put his keys.
I think I know where Tom went.
I think I know where that memory card is.
I think I know where that stench is coming from.
I think I know where to find Tom.
I think I know who did it.
I think I know who did that.
I think I know who did this.
I think I know who it is.
I think I know who it might've been.
I think I know who it was.
I think I know who might be able to help.
I think I know who might've done this.
I think I know who painted that picture.
I think I know who started the rumor.
I think I know who stole your watch.
I think I know who that second person is.
I think I know who the other guy is.
I think I know why Tom and Mary aren't here.
I think I know why Tom and Mary don't have to do that.
I think I know why Tom and Mary don't need to do that.
I think I know why Tom and Mary weren't at school yesterday.
I think I know why Tom did that.
I think I know why Tom didn't do that.
I think I know why Tom didn't want to do that.
I think I know why Tom didn't win.
I think I know why Tom doesn't have to do that.
I think I know why Tom doesn't like Mary.
I think I know why Tom doesn't need to do that.
I think I know why Tom got fired.
I think I know why Tom had to do that.
I think I know why Tom isn't here.
I think I know why Tom needed to do that.
I think I know why Tom wanted to do that.
I think I know why Tom wasn't at school yesterday.
I think I know why that happened.
I think I know why you're here.
I think I know why.
I think I know you from before. I believe we’ve already met.
I think I know you.
I think I know your brother.
I think I know your name.
I think I know your sister.
I think I left it at home.
I think I left my French textbook at Tom's.
I think I left my keys in here somewhere.
I think I left my keys on the kitchen table.
I think I left my phone at your house.
I think I left my sunglasses at Tom's.
I think I left my umbrella at Tom's.
I think I left my umbrella in your car.
I think I left my wallet at home.
I think I left my wallet at work.
I think I left something here.
I think I left something in the classroom.
I think I left the water running.
I think I like Tom better than Mary.
I think I like Tom.
I think I like eating white rice better than brown rice.
I think I like her.
I think I like it a bit darker these days.
I think I like it.
I think I like someone.
I think I like that.
I think I like this Nu Gaze musical genre.
I think I like you.
I think I liked you better the way you were before.
I think I liked your hair better the way it was before.
I think I locked my keys in the car.
I think I look fat in these jeans.
I think I look old.
I think I look respectable.
I think I look ridiculous.
I think I look young.
I think I looked ridiculous.
I think I lost consciousness.
I think I lost everything.
I think I lost my keys.
I think I lost my wallet.
I think I love Tom.
I think I love her.
I think I love you.
I think I made a difference.
I think I made a good impression.
I think I made a lot of mistakes.
I think I made a mistake.
I think I made a wrong turn.
I think I made myself clear.
I think I made the right choice.
I think I made the right decision.
I think I made the wrong choice.
I think I married the wrong Tom.
I think I married the wrong person.
I think I may be going crazy.
I think I may go check the mail.
I think I may have a picture of Tom I can show you.
I think I may have a solution.
I think I may have come here when I was a kid.
I think I may have found a solution to your little problem.
I think I may have found one.
I think I may have killed someone.
I think I may have learned a few things from Tom.
I think I may have made a big mistake.
I think I may have mentioned this before.
I think I may have offended Tom.
I think I may have omitted something.
I think I may have to get a loan.
I think I may have to go over to Mary's house and help her this afternoon.
I think I may have to go over to Tom's house and help him this afternoon.
I think I may have to go to Australia next week.
I think I may have to go to Boston next week.
I think I may have to work late today.
I think I may just go for a walk.
I think I may know what this is about.
I think I may know what this is all about.
I think I may know where Tom and Mary are.
I think I may know where Tom is.
I think I may know where to find Tom.
I think I may sneeze.
I think I may vomit.
I think I may want to do that.
I think I mentioned this before.
I think I met you in a past life.
I think I might be a little late.
I think I might be able to be there by 2:30.
I think I might be able to do that.
I think I might be able to find Tom.
I think I might be able to help you.
I think I might be able to speak French better than Tom.
I think I might be adopted.
I think I might be dead.
I think I might be gay.
I think I might be in Australia next Monday.
I think I might be in Boston next Monday.
I think I might be interested in buying one of your antique chairs.
I think I might be out of a job.
I think I might be required to do that.
I think I might be the best French speaker here.
I think I might buy that house on Park Street that's for sale.
I think I might have a drinking problem.
I think I might have gotten a bit bored on that project.
I think I might have just what you want.
I think I might have seen a communist.
I think I might have to do that by myself.
I think I might join you, but I haven't decided yet.
I think I might join you, but I haven’t decided yet.
I think I might know where Tom put the keys.
I think I might know where you can find your stallion.
I think I might like him.
I think I might need that, but I don't know.
I think I might need to go home early.
I think I might not be able to come into work tomorrow.
I think I might not be allowed to do that.
I think I might not have to do that again.
I think I might not have to do that anymore.
I think I might possibly be your daughter.
I think I might possibly be your father.
I think I might possibly be your son.
I think I might start my own company eventually.
I think I might've caught a cold.
I think I might've found a job.
I think I might've omitted something.
I think I miscalculated.
I think I missed my bus.
I think I missed something.
I think I misspelled your name.
I think I mistakenly deleted that file.
I think I mistakenly said it was Tom when it was actually Mary that did that.
I think I mistakenly sent that email to Tom.
I think I must be leaving since it is getting late.
I think I must feel very honoured to be chased after by aliens creatures, it just means I have something more substantial to offer than most other people.
I think I must give him a good lesson.
I think I must have done something that made Tom angry.
I think I must have done something that made Tom mad.
I think I must have dreamed it.
I think I must've done something that made Tom angry.
I think I must've done something that made Tom mad.
I think I must've dreamed it.
I think I must've passed out.
I think I nailed it.
I think I need a drink.
I think I need a hearing aid.
I think I need a hobby.
I think I need a hug.
I think I need a lawyer.
I think I need a little air.
I think I need a little more time.
I think I need a rest.
I think I need an assistant.
I think I need both of these.
I think I need braces.
I think I need glasses.
I think I need help.
I think I need more time.
I think I need one of those.
I think I need some fresh air.
I think I need some help.
I think I need some more time.
I think I need somebody to help me.
I think I need someone to help me.
I think I need something to drink.
I think I need therapy.
I think I need to ask Mary what she thinks.
I think I need to ask Tom and Mary what they think.
I think I need to ask Tom what he thinks.
I think I need to be alone.
I think I need to buy some food.
I think I need to call Tom.
I think I need to do something to help Tom.
I think I need to do that today.
I think I need to do that.
I think I need to drink something.
I think I need to explain why I did that.
I think I need to explain why I was late.
I think I need to explain why I'm late.
I think I need to finish that work before noon.
I think I need to get glasses.
I think I need to get new glasses.
I think I need to go.
I think I need to help Tom.
I think I need to hire an assistant.
I think I need to rest today.
I think I need to see a doctor.
I think I need to show this to the boss.
I think I need to sit down.
I think I need to take a shower.
I think I need to talk to Tom.
I think I need to talk to her.
I think I need to talk to him.
I think I need to talk to them.
I think I need to talk to you.
I think I need to think about it.
I think I need to try this out.
I think I need your help.
I think I now have enough money to buy the car I want.
I think I now have enough money to buy the car that I want.
I think I now know the truth.
I think I now know where we are.
I think I now understand why Tom never learned to speak French very well.
I think I ought to do that.
I think I ought to go.
I think I ought to help Tom.
I think I ought to leave.
I think I overdid it a bit.
I think I overreacted.
I think I overstayed my welcome.
I think I owe you an apology.
I think I owe you an explanation.
I think I owe you some money.
I think I paid about $300 for that.
I think I paid about three hundred dollars for that.
I think I passed the exams.
I think I played better tonight.
I think I played pretty well.
I think I prefer Boston.
I think I prefer eating white rice to brown.
I think I prefer this room as it was, before we decorated it.
I think I prefer white rice to brown rice.
I think I probably should go.
I think I put a little too much salt in the soup.
I think I put in too much salt.
I think I put too much vodka in the sauce.
I think I read that somewhere.
I think I really learned a lot.
I think I really like her.
I think I really love you, Tom.
I think I recognize that man.
I think I recognize this place.
I think I remember doing that.
I think I remember how to do that.
I think I remember you.
I think I said it wrong.
I think I sat on it.
I think I saw Tom there.
I think I saw a UFO last night.
I think I saw a ghost in the woods.
I think I saw a ghost.
I think I saw a rat.
I think I saw a stoat over there.
I think I saw an elf in the forest.
I think I saw her there.
I think I saw little green men.
I think I saw something moving over there.
I think I saw something moving.
I think I saw something over there, in the wood.
I think I saw something.
I think I scared Tom away.
I think I scared Tom.
I think I scared him away.
I think I see Tom.
I think I see a skiff on the horizon.
I think I see much better.
I think I see something up ahead.
I think I see something.
I think I see the problem.
I think I shall go to the bathroom for a moment.
I think I shall go to the powder room for a moment.
I think I shall go to the restroom for a moment.
I think I shall go to the toilet for a moment.
I think I shall go to the washroom for a moment.
I think I shall sleep.
I think I should I leave.
I think I should ask Mary what she thinks.
I think I should ask Tom what he thinks.
I think I should be able to find your place.
I think I should be able to speak a little TokiPona.
I think I should buy a new car.
I think I should call her.
I think I should call my lawyer.
I think I should check on Tom.
I think I should check on her.
I think I should check on him.
I think I should check on them.
I think I should clean my room.
I think I should dance.
I think I should do it for you.
I think I should do that for you.
I think I should do that now.
I think I should do that tomorrow.
I think I should do that.
I think I should do what I said I would do.
I think I should earn my degree.
I think I should eat now.
I think I should explain myself.
I think I should get right to work.
I think I should go home before my parents start to worry.
I think I should go home now.
I think I should go in alone.
I think I should go see Tom.
I think I should go to Australia.
I think I should go to Boston.
I think I should go to the gym.
I think I should go.
I think I should handle that for you.
I think I should handle this as soon as possible.
I think I should have asked Tom to help.
I think I should have asked for help.
I think I should have been more careful.
I think I should have bought more food.
I think I should have brought more money with me.
I think I should have helped Tom.
I think I should have helped you.
I think I should have studied harder.
I think I should have talked to Tom about that.
I think I should have told you about that.
I think I should help Tom.
I think I should help them.
I think I should join a study group.
I think I should just leave.
I think I should leave.
I think I should let Tom and Mary do that.
I think I should let Tom do that.
I think I should let Tom leave.
I think I should offer to help Tom.
I think I should practice my reading.
I think I should probably change my profile picture.
I think I should probably do that.
I think I should probably go home and get some sleep.
I think I should probably go home.
I think I should probably go.
I think I should probably leave.
I think I should put on some clothes.
I think I should quit while I'm ahead.
I think I should refer you to another therapist.
I think I should resign.
I think I should see a doctor.
I think I should send a letter of apology.
I think I should sing.
I think I should stay and help you clean up.
I think I should stay home.
I think I should stay in Australia a little bit longer.
I think I should stay in Boston a little bit longer.
I think I should stop doing this.
I think I should stop.
I think I should study French.
I think I should talk about this.
I think I should talk to Tom myself.
I think I should talk to my lawyer first.
I think I should tell Mary that we won't do that unless she helps us.
I think I should tell Tom and Mary that we won't do that unless they help us.
I think I should tell Tom that Mary and I won't do that by ourselves.
I think I should tell Tom that we won't do anymore.
I think I should tell Tom that we won't do that again.
I think I should tell Tom that we won't do that anymore.
I think I should tell Tom that we won't do that by ourselves.
I think I should tell Tom that we won't do that unless he helps us.
I think I should tell Tom that we won't do that.
I think I should tell Tom that we won't do this anymore.
I think I should tell Tom we won't do that anymore.
I think I should tell Tom where I've been.
I think I should throw all this stuff away.
I think I should turn myself in.
I think I should visit Australia.
I think I should visit Boston.
I think I should wait for Tom.
I think I should've asked Tom to help.
I think I should've asked for help.
I think I should've been more careful.
I think I should've bought more food.
I think I should've brought more money with me.
I think I should've helped Tom.
I think I should've helped her.
I think I should've helped him.
I think I should've helped them.
I think I should've helped you.
I think I should've studied harder.
I think I should've talked to Tom about that.
I think I should've told you about that.
I think I shouldn't be doing this.
I think I shouldn't do that.
I think I shouldn't eat this.
I think I shouldn't have asked Tom to do that.
I think I shouldn't have done that.
I think I shouldn't have given Tom my phone number.
I think I shouldn't have married you.
I think I shouldn't have told Mary she didn't have to do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Mary she didn't need to do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Mary she had to do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Mary she needed to do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Mary she should do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Mary she shouldn't do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom about that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they didn't have to do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they didn't need to do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they had to do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they needed to do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they should do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom he didn't have to do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom he didn't need to do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom he had to do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom he needed to do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom he should do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom he shouldn't do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom to do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom where I live.
I think I shouldn't make a decision without consulting Tom.
I think I shouldn't say anything.
I think I sing quite well.
I think I smell a rat.
I think I smell smoke.
I think I smell something burning.
I think I snore.
I think I speak French about as well as Tom and Mary do.
I think I speak French about as well as Tom does.
I think I speak French about as well as Tom.
I think I speak French better than Tom and Mary do.
I think I speak French better than Tom does.
I think I speak French better than Tom.
I think I speak French fairly well.
I think I speak French quite well.
I think I speak French very well.
I think I spend too much time here.
I think I spoke too quickly.
I think I spoke too soon.
I think I sprained my ankle.
I think I stand out from the crowd.
I think I still have a slice of pizza in the oven.
I think I still have time for another cup of coffee.
I think I still have time to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
I think I still have time to do that before Tom gets here.
I think I still have time to do that.
I think I still owe you thirty dollars.
I think I succeeded in convincing Tom to help us tomorrow.
I think I swallowed a fly.
I think I take after my mother.
I think I talked about this a while ago.
I think I touched a nerve.
I think I try to do too much at a time.
I think I understand how Tom feels.
I think I understand how you are feeling.
I think I understand how you're feeling.
I think I understand it now.
I think I understand it.
I think I understand now why I love you.
I think I understand now.
I think I understand the general idea.
I think I understand the pressures you are under.
I think I understand the problem.
I think I understand what Tom's trying to say.
I think I understand what the problem is.
I think I understand what went wrong.
I think I understand what you're trying to say.
I think I understand why Tom does that.
I think I understand why Tom never learned to speak French very well.
I think I understand you now.
I think I understand you perfectly.
I think I understand you sufficiently well.
I think I understand you well enough.
I think I understand you well.
I think I understand you.
I think I understand your problem.
I think I understand.
I think I understood everything Tom said, but I'm not absolutely sure.
I think I understood everything that Tom said.
I think I understood.
I think I used a little too much onion powder.
I think I used too much garlic.
I think I want a glass of juice.
I think I want to be a monk.
I think I want to become a music teacher.
I think I want to do that.
I think I want to go to Mars.
I think I want to meet Tom.
I think I want to stay in the house.
I think I want to stay.
I think I want to study Persian.
I think I want you to stay.
I think I was about thirteen when I first met Tom.
I think I was already here.
I think I was amusing.
I think I was dancing in my sleep.
I think I was efficient.
I think I was followed.
I think I was in love with Tom.
I think I was in love with her.
I think I was in love with him.
I think I was in love with you.
I think I was in shock.
I think I was just homesick.
I think I was just incredibly lucky.
I think I was just lucky.
I think I was lucky.
I think I was more right than Rodrigo was.
I think I was only seven or eight at the time.
I think I was panicking yesterday.
I think I was reborn as God himself.
I think I was reincarnated as God himself.
I think I was right.
I think I was supposed to do that.
I think I was taken for a ride.
I think I was the one who suggested that.
I think I was too ambitious.
I think I was wrong about that.
I think I was wrong.
I think I went to school with your brother.
I think I will advertise in the paper.
I think I will be able to do it.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
I think I will buy the red car.
I think I will change jobs.
I think I will go to London after finishing high school.
I think I will have one more ice cream cone.
I think I will join them.
I think I will learn programming, because it pays better.
I think I will occupy myself in my father's business.
I think I will occupy myself in my father’s business.
I think I will return to Algeria.
I think I will take a detour to return home.
I think I will take a roundabout way to return home.
I think I will take a vacation this week.
I think I will try to learn Hindi to understand the half-English half-Hindi tutorial videos' other halves.
I think I will wear this red sweater.
I think I won't be able to afford that.
I think I won't be able to do that today.
I think I won't be able to do that.
I think I won't be able to do this.
I think I won't be able to go swimming today.
I think I won't be able to go with you to the beach tomorrow.
I think I won't be able to see you again?
I think I won't do that.
I think I won't enjoy doing that.
I think I won't go to Australia next winter.
I think I won't go to Boston next spring.
I think I won't go to school tomorrow.
I think I won't go to work today.
I think I won't like being here.
I think I won't like doing that.
I think I won't need to ask Tom to help me do that.
I think I would buy a nice car.
I think I would fare better with heavier sports shoes.
I think I would have heard gunshots if there had been any.
I think I would have heard the door open if Tom had come in.
I think I would like that.
I think I would like to talk with Tom about this before making a decision.
I think I would need to eat them for lunch and dinner for the next 9 months and would be bored of doing it after the first few weeks.
I think I would pass.
I think I would've heard gunshots if there had been any.
I think I would've heard the door open if Tom had come in.
I think I wouldn't be able to wear something like that to work.
I think I wouldn't enjoy doing that again.
I think I wouldn't enjoy doing that with Tom.
I think I wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I think I wouldn't enjoy playing tennis with Tom.
I think I wouldn't enjoy visiting Australia.
I think I wouldn't enjoy visiting Boston.
I think I wrote down the wrong date.
I think I wrote down the wrong phone number.
I think I'd be a good coach.
I think I'd be a good father.
I think I'd be a good janitor.
I think I'd be a good teacher.
I think I'd be able to do that if Tom helped me.
I think I'd be able to do that if you helped me.
I think I'd be able to do that.
I think I'd be able to get something within budget if I went with these specs.
I think I'd be able to help you do that.
I think I'd be fired if I did that.
I think I'd be happier with someone else.
I think I'd be happy doing that.
I think I'd be miserable doing that.
I think I'd be nervous doing that.
I think I'd be quiet doing that.
I think I'd better be quiet.
I think I'd better call Tom.
I think I'd better call her.
I think I'd better call him.
I think I'd better call them.
I think I'd better do that now.
I think I'd better do that today.
I think I'd better do that tomorrow.
I think I'd better do that.
I think I'd better do what Tom told me to do.
I think I'd better eat now.
I think I'd better go alone.
I think I'd better go and look for Tom.
I think I'd better go and sit with Tom.
I think I'd better go back now.
I think I'd better go back to the shop.
I think I'd better go look for it.
I think I'd better go now.
I think I'd better go to Australia with Tom.
I think I'd better go to Boston with Tom.
I think I'd better go with Tom.
I think I'd better go with her.
I think I'd better go with him.
I think I'd better go with them.
I think I'd better go with you.
I think I'd better go.
I think I'd better head home.
I think I'd better help Tom.
I think I'd better help her.
I think I'd better help him.
I think I'd better help them.
I think I'd better help you.
I think I'd better leave early today.
I think I'd better leave early.
I think I'd better leave.
I think I'd better not say anything about it.
I think I'd better show my face.
I think I'd better start now.
I think I'd better stay here with you.
I think I'd better stay here.
I think I'd better stick with you.
I think I'd do that.
I think I'd enjoy it there, especially if Tom is there, too.
I think I'd enjoy spending some time with you.
I think I'd fit in.
I think I'd hate doing that.
I think I'd have done the same thing.
I think I'd like some more coffee.
I think I'd like that.
I think I'd like to be a better student.
I think I'd like to be a doctor when I grow up.
I think I'd like to be a teacher.
I think I'd like to be alone right now.
I think I'd like to be alone.
I think I'd like to be doing that right now.
I think I'd like to be your friend.
I think I'd like to do that again.
I think I'd like to do that right now.
I think I'd like to do that today.
I think I'd like to do that tomorrow.
I think I'd like to do that.
I think I'd like to eat right now.
I think I'd like to go with you.
I think I'd like to leave here.
I think I'd like to live here.
I think I'd like to marry her.
I think I'd like to marry him.
I think I'd like to stay here.
I think I'd like to visit Australia someday.
I think I'd like to visit Boston someday.
I think I'd love doing that.
I think I'd love living here.
I think I'd rather be fishing.
I think I'd rather just go home.
I think I'd rather not cycle in this strong wind.
I think I'd rather not do that.
I think I'd rather not eat that.
I think I'd rather not know.
I think I'd rather not sing.
I think I'd rather walk.
I think I'd want to know.
I think I'll add just another fluid ounce or so.
I think I'll always be stronger at French than at English.
I think I'll always be stronger in French than in English.
I think I'll always love Mary.
I think I'll always love you.
I think I'll apply.
I think I'll ask Mary out.
I think I'll ask Mary to marry me.
I think I'll ask Mary what she thinks.
I think I'll ask Tom for some advice.
I think I'll ask Tom to help me do that.
I think I'll ask Tom to help us pull weeds.
I think I'll ask Tom to help us weed the garden.
I think I'll ask Tom what he thinks.
I think I'll be OK in a minute.
I think I'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
I think I'll be able to deal with that.
I think I'll be able to do it.
I think I'll be able to do that by myself.
I think I'll be able to do that eventually.
I think I'll be able to do that faster on my own.
I think I'll be able to do that on my own.
I think I'll be able to do that sooner or later.
I think I'll be able to do that this afternoon.
I think I'll be able to do that today before I go home.
I think I'll be able to do that today.
I think I'll be able to do that without any help.
I think I'll be able to do that.
I think I'll be able to figure out how to do that on my own.
I think I'll be able to find it.
I think I'll be able to fix it myself.
I think I'll be able to fix it.
I think I'll be able to go swimming with you today.
I think I'll be able to help Tom and Mary do that.
I think I'll be able to help Tom do that.
I think I'll be able to help you do that.
I think I'll be able to help you next Monday.
I think I'll be able to help you.
I think I'll be able to solve the problem by myself.
I think I'll be able to solve the problem without any help.
I think I'll be able to stand that.
I think I'll be able to succeed.
I think I'll be able to withstand that.
I think I'll be able to write quickly.
I think I'll be alone.
I think I'll be back in about 30 minutes.
I think I'll be busy this week.
I think I'll be early.
I think I'll be fine.
I think I'll be going home now.
I think I'll be going.
I think I'll be late.
I think I'll be leaving.
I think I'll be lonely.
I think I'll be the first one in our class to get married.
I think I'll be very busy this week.
I think I'll be very busy, but after the test I will have more time.
I think I'll brown bag it this week.
I think I'll buy Tom a boomerang.
I think I'll buy a boomerang for Tom.
I think I'll buy a new car.
I think I'll buy another computer.
I think I'll buy some more food.
I think I'll buy that for Tom.
I think I'll buy the cheaper one.
I think I'll buy the cheapest one.
I think I'll buy this bracelet for Mary.
I think I'll buy this pair of shoes.
I think I'll buy this tie.
I think I'll call Tom.
I think I'll call it a day.
I think I'll call it a night.
I think I'll change jobs.
I think I'll come back later.
I think I'll come back soon.
I think I'll come here every Monday from now on.
I think I'll cry.
I think I'll dance.
I think I'll do that for Tom.
I think I'll do that later with Tom.
I think I'll do that later.
I think I'll do that now.
I think I'll do that today.
I think I'll do that tomorrow.
I think I'll do that.
I think I'll do what you suggested.
I think I'll eat later.
I think I'll email my friends.
I think I'll enjoy being here.
I think I'll enjoy doing that.
I think I'll enjoy it.
I think I'll format my computer.
I think I'll get a bit of fresh air.
I think I'll get back to work.
I think I'll get myself another drink.
I think I'll get over it.
I think I'll get some rest.
I think I'll get there in an hour or so.
I think I'll get what I need.
I think I'll give Tom an egg timer.
I think I'll give it a miss.
I think I'll give that a try.
I think I'll give this car a go.
I think I'll go ahead and ask Mary if she'll join us.
I think I'll go ahead and ask Tom and Mary if they'll join us.
I think I'll go ahead and ask Tom if he'll join us.
I think I'll go ahead and cancel our reservation.
I think I'll go and get Tom.
I think I'll go and get her.
I think I'll go and get him.
I think I'll go and get them.
I think I'll go and take a bath.
I think I'll go back to Australia next week.
I think I'll go back to Boston next week.
I think I'll go back to sleep.
I think I'll go buy something to eat.
I think I'll go buy us some drinks.
I think I'll go by bus.
I think I'll go for a walk.
I think I'll go home and see what my family is doing.
I think I'll go home early and cook today.
I think I'll go home early today and do some cooking.
I think I'll go home.
I think I'll go in for tennis.
I think I'll go now.
I think I'll go out to eat.
I think I'll go over to Tom's this afternoon.
I think I'll go see Mary and ask her what she thinks.
I think I'll go see Tom and Mary and ask them what they think.
I think I'll go see Tom and ask him what he thinks.
I think I'll go skiing.
I think I'll go swimming as soon as I finish my homework.
I think I'll go swimming with Tom.
I think I'll go talk to Tom.
I think I'll go talk to her.
I think I'll go talk to him.
I think I'll go talk to them.
I think I'll go to Australia in October.
I think I'll go to Australia next month.
I think I'll go to Australia next spring.
I think I'll go to Australia next summer.
I think I'll go to Australia next year.
I think I'll go to Australia the month after next.
I think I'll go to Australia with Tom.
I think I'll go to Boston next Monday.
I think I'll go to Boston next month.
I think I'll go to Boston next summer.
I think I'll go to Boston next weekend.
I think I'll go to Boston with Tom.
I think I'll go to Italy for work.
I think I'll go to bed a bit earlier.
I think I'll go to bed early tonight.
I think I'll go to bed early.
I think I'll go to bed now.
I think I'll go to bed.
I think I'll go to church with Tom next Sunday.
I think I'll go to sleep.
I think I'll go to the library to study.
I think I'll go today.
I think I'll go visit Mary and see how she's doing.
I think I'll go visit Tom and Mary and see how they're doing.
I think I'll go visit Tom and see how he's doing.
I think I'll go wash my hands.
I think I'll go.
I think I'll have a drink, too.
I think I'll have a drink.
I think I'll have a little lie-down.
I think I'll have a look around.
I think I'll have a word with you.
I think I'll have an early night tonight.
I think I'll have breakfast.
I think I'll have more fun reading something now. I was always part of the bookworm group, but there are times when I just don't feel like reading anything. Right now I'm getting lots of "Read! Read!" waves coming at me.
I think I'll have one more ice cream cone.
I think I'll have the salmon.
I think I'll have time to do that this afternoon.
I think I'll have to attend that meeting.
I think I'll have to do that for Tom.
I think I'll have to move.
I think I'll help Tom out.
I think I'll hire a person who speaks Berber.
I think I'll hit the hay now.
I think I'll just have a quick bite.
I think I'll just linger awhile.
I think I'll kiss Tom.
I think I'll know what to do when the time comes.
I think I'll leave early today.
I think I'll leave this group.
I think I'll leave you two alone.
I think I'll lie down for a while.
I think I'll like being here.
I think I'll look around a little more.
I think I'll look for another group that's more interesting to me.
I think I'll lose.
I think I'll love you until I die.
I think I'll make a cake to take to Maria's party.
I think I'll make curry for dinner tonight.
I think I'll make it.
I think I'll make stew for dinner.
I think I'll manage.
I think I'll need a little more money.
I think I'll need an umbrella today.
I think I'll need more time to convince Tom to do that.
I think I'll need to ask Tom to help me do that.
I think I'll need to do this again.
I think I'll need to talk to Tom about this.
I think I'll never be able to catch up with Tom.
I think I'll never get used to doing this.
I think I'll not be able to do that.
I think I'll order a hot chocolate.
I think I'll order some takeout.
I think I'll pass the test this time.
I think I'll place an ad in the paper.
I think I'll pop in on Tom and see how he's doing.
I think I'll potter about in the garden today.
I think I'll put this back where I found it.
I think I'll put up my child for adoption.
I think I'll refuse to do that.
I think I'll ride back with Tom.
I think I'll ride back with you if you don't mind.
I think I'll run away.
I think I'll save all my files on the flash drive.
I think I'll see if I can do this by myself.
I think I'll shave my head.
I think I'll sit outside.
I think I'll skip this class.
I think I'll sleep well tonight.
I think I'll snooze for a while.
I think I'll start with a bottle of beer.
I think I'll stay a while longer.
I think I'll stay at home.
I think I'll stay for a few more days.
I think I'll stay here for a few more minutes.
I think I'll stay here.
I think I'll stay home and watch TV this evening.
I think I'll stay home this weekend.
I think I'll stay home today.
I think I'll stay home.
I think I'll stay in Australia for a few more days.
I think I'll stay in Australia for a few more weeks.
I think I'll stay in Australia for another week.
I think I'll stay in Boston for a few more days.
I think I'll stay in Boston for another week.
I think I'll stay in today.
I think I'll stay out of this.
I think I'll stay put in this town for a while.
I think I'll stay right here.
I think I'll stay.
I think I'll stick around for a while.
I think I'll stick around.
I think I'll stick with Tom.
I think I'll stop for a bit.
I think I'll stop now.
I think I'll take Tom to Australia with me.
I think I'll take Tom to Boston with me.
I think I'll take a bath tonight.
I think I'll take a couple of days off next week.
I think I'll take a look around.
I think I'll take a nice, long nap.
I think I'll take a walk.
I think I'll take it.
I think I'll take that one.
I think I'll take that.
I think I'll take the long way home today.
I think I'll take the test this time.
I think I'll take this one.
I think I'll take this tie.
I think I'll talk to Tom.
I think I'll talk to her.
I think I'll talk to him.
I think I'll talk to them.
I think I'll throw away some of my old clothes.
I think I'll throw some of my old clothes away.
I think I'll try a little harder next time.
I think I'll try doing that later.
I think I'll turn in now.
I think I'll turn in.
I think I'll understand eventually.
I think I'll wait a bit longer.
I think I'll wait here.
I think I'll wait to see what happens.
I think I'll wait until Tom and Mary get here.
I think I'll wait until Tom gets here.
I think I'll wait.
I think I'll walk back.
I think I'll walk to school today.
I think I'll watch TV.
I think I'll wear this red sweater.
I think I'll win.
I think I'm OK.
I think I'm a fairly good drummer.
I think I'm a good athlete.
I think I'm a good boss.
I think I'm a good coach.
I think I'm a good cook.
I think I'm a good manager.
I think I'm a good singer.
I think I'm a good surgeon.
I think I'm a good teacher.
I think I'm a good writer and I'm happy with that.
I think I'm a great athlete.
I think I'm a likable guy.
I think I'm a likeable guy.
I think I'm a likeable guy...
I think I'm a lucky guy.
I think I'm a pretty good chef.
I think I'm a pretty good drummer.
I think I'm a pretty good singer.
I think I'm a pretty good student.
I think I'm a pretty good writer.
I think I'm a pretty normal girl.
I think I'm a pretty normal guy.
I think I'm a safe driver.
I think I'm a very lucky person.
I think I'm about to cum.
I think I'm about to get fired.
I think I'm adaptable.
I think I'm adopted.
I think I'm all right.
I think I'm allergic to that soap.
I think I'm almost ready to leave.
I think I'm already in love with you.
I think I'm an addict.
I think I'm anatomically incapable of pronouncing that language.
I think I'm becoming a vegetarian.
I think I'm beginning to see the problem here.
I think I'm beginning to understand.
I think I'm being followed.
I think I'm being watched.
I think I'm better at French than you are.
I think I'm better at French than you.
I think I'm certain that this might be the best option.
I think I'm coming down with a cold.
I think I'm coming down with a fever.
I think I'm coming down with something.
I think I'm coming down with the flu.
I think I'm crazy.
I think I'm definitely getting better.
I think I'm determined.
I think I'm doing a good job.
I think I'm doing all I can in that job.
I think I'm doing better.
I think I'm doing quite well given the competition.
I think I'm doing something wrong.
I think I'm done for now.
I think I'm done.
I think I'm drunk.
I think I'm dying.
I think I'm dyslexic.
I think I'm equal to you.
I think I'm evolving day by day.
I think I'm expected.
I think I'm falling asleep.
I think I'm falling for Tom.
I think I'm falling in love with Tom.
I think I'm falling in love with her.
I think I'm falling in love with you and this is so wrong.
I think I'm falling in love with you.
I think I'm falling in love.
I think I'm fat.
I think I'm fine right now.
I think I'm finished.
I think I'm flexible.
I think I'm fluent in French.
I think I'm fluent in Upper Sorbian.
I think I'm forgetting something.
I think I'm gaining weight.
I think I'm getting a cold.
I think I'm getting a headache.
I think I'm getting arthritis.
I think I'm getting sick.
I think I'm getting the hang of it.
I think I'm getting the hang of this.
I think I'm going back to sleep.
I think I'm going by plane.
I think I'm going crazy.
I think I'm going deaf.
I think I'm going insane.
I think I'm going mad.
I think I'm going to ask Tom to do that.
I think I'm going to ask Tom to stop doing that.
I think I'm going to be OK.
I think I'm going to be able to do that.
I think I'm going to be arrested.
I think I'm going to be busy from here on out.
I think I'm going to be busy on Friday.
I think I'm going to be doing that tomorrow.
I think I'm going to be fired.
I think I'm going to be happy here.
I think I'm going to be here on Monday.
I think I'm going to be late.
I think I'm going to be sick.
I think I'm going to be there.
I think I'm going to break up with Tom.
I think I'm going to buy myself a cellphone tomorrow.
I think I'm going to buy one of those.
I think I'm going to call in sick today.
I think I'm going to cry.
I think I'm going to die soon.
I think I'm going to do that.
I think I'm going to eat chocolate cake today.
I think I'm going to enjoy being here.
I think I'm going to enjoy doing that.
I think I'm going to enjoy that.
I think I'm going to fail a subject.
I think I'm going to fail all my exams.
I think I'm going to faint.
I think I'm going to get a chance to do that.
I think I'm going to get fired.
I think I'm going to get the chance to do that the day after tomorrow.
I think I'm going to get the chance to do that tomorrow.
I think I'm going to go home.
I think I'm going to go inside.
I think I'm going to go now.
I think I'm going to go see what Tom and Mary are up to.
I think I'm going to go see what Tom is up to.
I think I'm going to go ski.
I think I'm going to go to Australia next summer.
I think I'm going to go to Boston next summer.
I think I'm going to go to sleep.
I think I'm going to have a quick shower.
I think I'm going to have salmon.
I think I'm going to have the chance to do that the day after tomorrow.
I think I'm going to have the chance to do that.
I think I'm going to have to tell Tom everything.
I think I'm going to learn a lot from you.
I think I'm going to like living here.
I think I'm going to like this.
I think I'm going to like you a lot.
I think I'm going to make a triple camomile.
I think I'm going to need to do that again.
I think I'm going to need to get things going between Tom and Maria, otherwise they'll never get together, even though - from a distance - they seem so in love with each other!
I think I'm going to need your help.
I think I'm going to pass this class.
I think I'm going to pass.
I think I'm going to puke.
I think I'm going to quit my job. The company is falling apart.
I think I'm going to sleep at my place tonight.
I think I'm going to stay here.
I think I'm going to stop now.
I think I'm going to throw up.
I think I'm going to try again.
I think I'm going to turn in early.
I think I'm going to vomit.
I think I'm gonna faint.
I think I'm gonna go to sleep.
I think I'm gonna nope out of this one.
I think I'm gonna shit myself.
I think I'm gonna sneeze. Give me a tissue.
I think I'm gonna stay here.
I think I'm gonna throw up.
I think I'm good at diving.
I think I'm good at driving.
I think I'm good at golf.
I think I'm good right here.
I think I'm good.
I think I'm handsome.
I think I'm happier than most people.
I think I'm happy with this.
I think I'm having a heart attack.
I think I'm having a midlife crisis.
I think I'm having more fun than you.
I think I'm her type of guy.
I think I'm here to stay.
I think I'm imagining things.
I think I'm in big trouble.
I think I'm in danger.
I think I'm in love with Tom's ex-wife.
I think I'm in love with Tom.
I think I'm in love with her.
I think I'm in love with him.
I think I'm in love with you.
I think I'm in love!
I think I'm in love.
I think I'm in over my head.
I think I'm in the right place.
I think I'm in trouble with my wife.
I think I'm in trouble.
I think I'm intelligent.
I think I'm interesting.
I think I'm just a little hungry.
I think I'm just tired.
I think I'm last.
I think I'm likable.
I think I'm likeable.
I think I'm losing my mind.
I think I'm losing my touch.
I think I'm losing my voice from screaming so much.
I think I'm losing my voice.
I think I'm losing track of days.
I think I'm losing.
I think I'm lost.
I think I'm love with you.
I think I'm never going to be given the chance to do that.
I think I'm never going to get the chance to do that.
I think I'm nicer than you.
I think I'm not a bad coach.
I think I'm not a good coach.
I think I'm not aggressive enough.
I think I'm not allowed to do that.
I think I'm not assertive enough.
I think I'm not bad-looking.
I think I'm not doing this right.
I think I'm not good enough for Tom.
I think I'm not lost.
I think I'm not normal.
I think I'm not permitted to do that.
I think I'm not supposed to do that again.
I think I'm not supposed to do that anymore.
I think I'm not supposed to help Tom and Mary do that.
I think I'm not supposed to help Tom do that.
I think I'm not too overweight.
I think I'm not very good at explaining things.
I think I'm objective.
I think I'm on my own again.
I think I'm on the ace spectrum.
I think I'm on the wrong bus.
I think I'm on too much medication.
I think I'm over Tom.
I think I'm over that.
I think I'm overdressed.
I think I'm overstaying my welcome.
I think I'm pregnant again.
I think I'm pregnant! said the woman.
I think I'm pregnant.
I think I'm prepared for that.
I think I'm prepared to do that.
I think I'm pretty crazy.
I think I'm pretty generous.
I think I'm pretty good at French.
I think I'm pretty good at speaking French.
I think I'm pretty good at that.
I think I'm pretty lucky.
I think I'm pretty reliable.
I think I'm pretty.
I think I'm probably better at French than you think I am.
I think I'm probably not as good at French as you think I am.
I think I'm probably too out of shape to do that.
I think I'm putting on weight again.
I think I'm quite brave.
I think I'm quite smart.
I think I'm ready for a change.
I think I'm ready for that challenge.
I think I'm ready now to do that.
I think I'm ready now.
I think I'm ready to do that.
I think I'm ready to go.
I think I'm ready to leave.
I think I'm ready to study French.
I think I'm ready.
I think I'm really in love for the first time.
I think I'm really not any good at French.
I think I'm really not any good at German.
I think I'm really not so good at French.
I think I'm really sick.
I think I'm recharged, but my mind is elsewhere.
I think I'm resolute.
I think I'm responsible for what happened.
I think I'm right, but I could be wrong.
I think I'm right, but I might be wrong.
I think I'm right, but I'm not going to fight about it.
I think I'm right.
I think I'm seeing my future.
I think I'm seriously addicted.
I think I'm sick from the seafood.
I think I'm sick.
I think I'm smart.
I think I'm starting to get it.
I think I'm starting to get jealous of you now.
I think I'm starting to get the hang of it.
I think I'm starting to understand exactly what real love is.
I think I'm starting to understand how this works.
I think I'm starting to understand.
I think I'm still drunk from last night.
I think I'm still getting better.
I think I'm supposed to be helping Tom this afternoon.
I think I'm the one who should be doing that.
I think I'm the one who was supposed to do that.
I think I'm the only French speaker here.
I think I'm the only one awake.
I think I'm the only one here who can do that.
I think I'm the only one who can't do that.
I think I'm the only one working here who can speak French.
I think I'm the only person here who can speak French.
I think I'm the only person who can do that for you.
I think I'm the person who should do that.
I think I'm the person you're looking for.
I think I'm the person you've been looking for.
I think I'm tone deaf.
I think I'm too old for her.
I think I'm too old for that.
I think I'm too old to do that.
I think I'm too old to do this.
I think I'm too tired to do that now.
I think I'm ugly.
I think I'm unbeatable.
I think I'm underdressed.
I think I'm unlucky.
I think I'm up.
I think I'm used to the pain.
I think I'm very funny.
I think I'm very observant.
I think I'm very pretty.
I think I'm way too old to do that.
I think I'm way too old to turn into everyone's laughing stock.
I think I'm worrying too much.
I think I'm wrong.
I think I'm zoning out because I'm tired, so I'm going to take a break.
I think I've accomplished a lot of that.
I think I've accomplished a lot.
I think I've added enough sentences for today.
I think I've already done everything I was supposed to do.
I think I've already done everything that needs to be done.
I think I've already done that enough.
I think I've already given you enough money.
I think I've already met you.
I think I've already said enough.
I think I've already spoken to everybody about that.
I think I've already spoken to everyone about that.
I think I've already told you about it.
I think I've already told you this.
I think I've always loved Mary.
I think I've always loved you, Mary.
I think I've answered all your questions.
I think I've answered this before.
I think I've been betrayed.
I think I've been brainwashed.
I think I've been doing a good job.
I think I've been fired three times.
I think I've been generous enough.
I think I've been here before.
I think I've been here too long.
I think I've been living alone too long.
I think I've been overcharged.
I think I've been pretty lucky so far.
I think I've broken my arm.
I think I've broken my leg.
I think I've caught a cold.
I think I've changed my mind.
I think I've come up with a better way to do that.
I think I've convinced Tom not to do that again.
I think I've convinced Tom not to do that anymore.
I think I've convinced Tom to do that.
I think I've convinced Tom to help.
I think I've convinced Tom.
I think I've convinced you.
I think I've dialed the wrong number.
I think I've dialled the wrong number.
I think I've done enough already.
I think I've done enough.
I think I've done pretty well for myself.
I think I've done something really stupid.
I think I've done that at least once.
I think I've done that at least one time.
I think I've done that before.
I think I've done that once or twice.
I think I've done that once.
I think I've done well.
I think I've eaten enough for now.
I think I've explained myself clearly.
I think I've fallen in love with Tom.
I think I've fallen in love with you.
I think I've fallen out of love with Mary.
I think I've figured out a better way to do that.
I think I've figured out a way to convince Tom to do that.
I think I've figured out a way to convince Tom to help us.
I think I've figured out a way to do that.
I think I've figured out how to do it.
I think I've figured out how to do that.
I think I've figured out how to fix this.
I think I've figured out how to solve this problem.
I think I've figured out what the problem is.
I think I've figured out what time we need to leave.
I think I've figured out what's wrong.
I think I've figured out where we need to install the fire alarm.
I think I've figured out which horse is most likely to win the race.
I think I've figured out why Tom and Mary have never learned to speak French so well.
I think I've figured out why Tom has never learned to speak French so well.
I think I've finally understood what you were trying to say.
I think I've finished.
I think I've forgotten my wallet.
I think I've forgotten something.
I think I've forgotten the keys.
I think I've found a better way of doing that.
I think I've found a clue.
I think I've found a match.
I think I've found a meteorite.
I think I've found a solution to your problem.
I think I've found a way to help you.
I think I've found a way to solve the problem.
I think I've found enough for everybody.
I think I've found someone interested in buying your house.
I think I've found someone who can fix the problem.
I think I've found something better.
I think I've found something of yours.
I think I've found something that you might be interested in seeing.
I think I've found something you might be interested in seeing.
I think I've found something.
I think I've found the answer.
I think I've found the problem.
I think I've found the right man for me.
I think I've found the solution to the problem.
I think I've found what I'm looking for.
I think I've found what we've been looking for.
I think I've found what you're looking for.
I think I've got a better idea.
I think I've got a sinus infection.
I think I've got a touch of fever.
I think I've got an idea.
I think I've got an ulcer.
I think I've got enough paint.
I think I've got frostbite.
I think I've got it.
I think I've got something you might want.
I think I've got the wrong number.
I think I've got things under control.
I think I've got to find some help.
I think I've got tonsillitis.
I think I've gotten a whiff of coffee: quick, off to the kitchen!
I think I've had a little too much to drink.
I think I've had a little too much to eat.
I think I've had chickenpox.
I think I've had enough.
I think I've had one too many.
I think I've had too much to drink.
I think I've heard enough.
I think I've heard that name before.
I think I've heard that somewhere before.
I think I've heard that voice before.
I think I've heard this before.
I think I've heard this song before.
I think I've hurt Tom's feelings.
I think I've just made the biggest mistake of my life.
I think I've just met the woman that I'm going to marry.
I think I've just seen something.
I think I've learned almost sixty new German words today.
I think I've lost my keys.
I think I've lost my ticket.
I think I've lost my umbrella.
I think I've lost my wallet.
I think I've made a big mistake.
I think I've made a horrible mistake.
I think I've made a mess.
I think I've made a mistake.
I think I've made my point.
I think I've made my position clear.
I think I've made myself clear.
I think I've made the right choice.
I think I've made the wrong choice.
I think I've managed to clean up the mess you made.
I think I've mellowed.
I think I've met Tom before.
I think I've met Tom.
I think I've met her before.
I think I've met him before.
I think I've met my match.
I think I've met them before.
I think I've met you before.
I think I've met you somewhere before.
I think I've mixed them up.
I think I've never seen them before.
I think I've never seen you so drunk before.
I think I've omitted something.
I think I've overstayed my welcome.
I think I've paid too much.
I think I've persuaded Tom to do that.
I think I've persuaded Tom to donate some money.
I think I've persuaded Tom to help us.
I think I've persuaded Tom.
I think I've persuaded her.
I think I've persuaded him.
I think I've persuaded them.
I think I've pulled a muscle in my leg.
I think I've pulled a muscle.
I think I've pulled some ligaments.
I think I've read that book already.
I think I've seen enough.
I think I've seen that guy before.
I think I've seen that guy somewhere before.
I think I've seen that man before.
I think I've seen that person next to Xiao Li before.
I think I've seen this before.
I think I've seen this movie before.
I think I've seen you around.
I think I've showed considerable constraint under the circumstances.
I think I've solved the problem.
I think I've sprained my ankle.
I think I've sprained my back.
I think I've still got a slice of pizza in the oven.
I think I've told you that before.
I think I've told you this before.
I think I've told you.
I think I've understood everything you said.
I think I've understood everything.
I think I've understood.
I think I've waited long enough.
I think I've wasted my time here.
I think I've worked out how to mend this.
I think Islam is an amazing religion.
I think Islam is beautiful.
I think I’d better stay here.
I think I’d like to marry her.
I think I’ll always love you.
I think I’ll brown bag it this week.
I think I’ll buy this tie.
I think I’ll come back later.
I think I’ll finally finish that book.
I think I’ll go in for tennis.
I think I’ll go skiing.
I think I’ll lie down for a while.
I think I’ll look around a little more.
I think I’ll need lots of time.
I think I’ll start with a bottle of beer.
I think I’ll stay put in this town for a while.
I think I’ll take a bath tonight.
I think I’ll take a look around.
I think I’ll take the test this time.
I think I’ll take this tie.
I think I’ll turn in now.
I think I’m getting a cold.
I think I’m going crazy.
I think I’m going to be okay.
I think I’m going to faint.
I think I’m going to stay here.
I think I’m gonna go to sleep.
I think I’m gonna shit myself.
I think I’m gonna sneeze. Give me a tissue.
I think I’m gonna stay here.
I think I’m in trouble with my wife.
I think I’m just tired.
I think I’m losing my mind.
I think I’m one of a kind.
I think I’m putting on weight again.
I think I’m really in love for the first time.
I think I’m really not any good at German.
I think I’m right.
I think I’m starting to get the hang of it.
I think I’ve forgotten something.
I think I’ve got a touch of fever.
I think I’ve got it.
I think I’ve lost my ticket.
I think I’ve met you before.
I think I’ve showed considerable constraint under the circumstances.
I think Japanese and English language tense uses differ.
I think Japanese and English language tenses differ.
I think Japanese food is delicious.
I think Japanese is a difficult language.
I think John is quite selfish, and a little bit vain. He isn't easy to get on with.
I think John is quite selfish, and a little bit vain. He isn’t easy to get on with.
I think John likes Mary.
I think Kate is also a clever person.
I think Latin is not as hard as Greek.
I think Layla didn't want to be on her own.
I think Layla is dead.
I think Layla was in love with Sami.
I think Leon is sneaking up on you.
I think Lorenzo was watching Avatar.
I think Malbork castle is wonderful.
I think Mark deserves to win this time.
I think Mark's under the illusion that he will be the new director.
I think Mark’s under the illusion that he will be the new director.
I think Mars is beautiful.
I think Mars is pretty.
I think Mary and Alice are sisters.
I think Mary blames herself.
I think Mary came to Boston when she was young.
I think Mary can do that by herself.
I think Mary can do that if she tries.
I think Mary can take care of herself.
I think Mary can't actually do that even though she says she can.
I think Mary could accomplish just about anything she decides to do.
I think Mary could be a teacher if she wanted to be.
I think Mary could be the boss if she wanted to be.
I think Mary could do better if she tried harder.
I think Mary could do that by herself if she tried.
I think Mary could do that for Tom if she wanted to.
I think Mary could do that if she put her mind to it.
I think Mary could do that if she really wanted to.
I think Mary could do that if she tried.
I think Mary could do that if she wanted to.
I think Mary could do that today if she wanted to.
I think Mary could get hurt if she tries to do that.
I think Mary could get injured if she tried to do that.
I think Mary could get injured if she tries to do that.
I think Mary could help Tom if she wanted to.
I think Mary could leave today if she wanted to.
I think Mary could save herself a lot of time by just doing that herself.
I think Mary could've done that by herself.
I think Mary could've done that faster by herself.
I think Mary could've done that for Tom if she'd wanted to.
I think Mary could've done that on her own.
I think Mary could've gotten home by herself.
I think Mary could've solved that problem by herself.
I think Mary couldn't stop herself from doing that.
I think Mary did exactly what she said she did.
I think Mary did something she shouldn't have.
I think Mary did that by herself last Monday.
I think Mary did that by herself.
I think Mary did that, even though she said she didn't.
I think Mary did the best she could.
I think Mary did what she said she did.
I think Mary didn't do that by herself.
I think Mary didn't do what she said she did.
I think Mary didn't do what she said she'd do.
I think Mary doesn't live very near the school she goes to.
I think Mary doesn't win very often when she plays chess.
I think Mary dyes her hair.
I think Mary expected Tom to ask her to do that.
I think Mary expected Tom to ask her to stay.
I think Mary expected Tom to hug her.
I think Mary expected Tom to kiss her.
I think Mary got home by herself last Monday.
I think Mary got home by herself.
I think Mary had been crying.
I think Mary has already done what she needed to do.
I think Mary has never done that by herself before.
I think Mary has never done that by herself.
I think Mary injured herself.
I think Mary is a bit of a Pollyanna.
I think Mary is a little too optimistic.
I think Mary is beautiful.
I think Mary is cute.
I think Mary is definitely into me.
I think Mary is enjoying herself.
I think Mary is going to be hungry when she gets home.
I think Mary is going to be tired when she gets home.
I think Mary is going to do the same thing she did yesterday.
I think Mary is having an affair.
I think Mary is in her office.
I think Mary is more beautiful than Alice is.
I think Mary is more beautiful than Alice.
I think Mary is much prettier than Alice.
I think Mary is one of the most beautiful women I've ever met.
I think Mary is pretty.
I think Mary is probably better at French than you think she is.
I think Mary is probably better at doing that than you think she is.
I think Mary is probably older than you think she is.
I think Mary is probably younger than you think she is.
I think Mary is really very brave.
I think Mary is sure that's what she has to do.
I think Mary is sure that's what she needs to do.
I think Mary is the most beautiful of all Tom's daughters.
I think Mary is the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
I think Mary is the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
I think Mary is the right woman for me.
I think Mary is too young to have her ears pierced.
I think Mary is too young to wear makeup.
I think Mary is very attractive.
I think Mary is very beautiful.
I think Mary is way cuter than Alice.
I think Mary isn't sure that's what she has to do.
I think Mary isn't sure that's what she needs to do.
I think Mary killed herself.
I think Mary knows she needs to help Tom today.
I think Mary knows she's supposed to give a speech today.
I think Mary knows what she's doing.
I think Mary knows what time she's supposed to be here.
I think Mary knows why we couldn't do that for her.
I think Mary lied about how she did that.
I think Mary lied about where she'd been.
I think Mary likes her job.
I think Mary likes me.
I think Mary lived in Boston when she was in high school.
I think Mary looks better without makeup.
I think Mary looks cute with bangs.
I think Mary looks more beautiful without makeup.
I think Mary made herself clear.
I think Mary may be able to buy the kind of shoes she's looking for at the sports store on Park Street.
I think Mary may be able to do that if you help her.
I think Mary means just what she said.
I think Mary might do that by herself.
I think Mary might get hurt if she tries to do that.
I think Mary might get in trouble if she does that.
I think Mary might get injured if she tries to do that.
I think Mary might get killed if she tries to do that.
I think Mary might get punished if she does that.
I think Mary might have poisoned herself.
I think Mary might not want to do that by herself.
I think Mary might recognize Tom, even though it's been a long time since she's seen him.
I think Mary might've said something she shouldn't have.
I think Mary might've taken something she shouldn't have.
I think Mary ought to wait until at least 2:30 before she leaves.
I think Mary probably isn't as good at French as you think she is.
I think Mary probably isn't as good at doing that as you think she is.
I think Mary probably isn't as old as you think she is.
I think Mary probably isn't as rich as you think she is.
I think Mary probably isn't as young as you think she is.
I think Mary really enjoyed herself.
I think Mary said she needed to buy a shovel.
I think Mary said she was from Boston.
I think Mary said she'd be back.
I think Mary said she'd be staying in Boston for three weeks.
I think Mary said she's already read this book.
I think Mary said that she'd do that.
I think Mary should be able to do that by herself.
I think Mary should do that by herself.
I think Mary should do that herself.
I think Mary should do what she says she's going to do.
I think Mary should tell Tom that she can't really speak French.
I think Mary should tell Tom to leave her alone.
I think Mary should've asked Tom to help her do that.
I think Mary shouldn't tell Tom how she did that.
I think Mary shouldn't tell Tom that she did that.
I think Mary shouldn't tell Tom why she did that.
I think Mary stayed by at home by herself last Monday.
I think Mary thinks I'm lying to her.
I think Mary thought Tom liked her.
I think Mary thought she had to do that.
I think Mary understands that if she wants my help, all she needs to do is ask for it.
I think Mary wants Tom to notice her.
I think Mary wants me to do that with her.
I think Mary wants me to go with her.
I think Mary wants me to kiss her, but I'm not sure.
I think Mary wants to do that, even though she says she doesn't.
I think Mary wants to kill herself.
I think Mary was supposed to do that by herself.
I think Mary was the prettiest girl in our class when we were in the third grade.
I think Mary went into the woods to kill herself.
I think Mary will be able to buy a pair of ice skates her size at the sports store near the art museum.
I think Mary will be able to do that by herself.
I think Mary will be able to do that if she tries.
I think Mary will be doing that by herself.
I think Mary will be exhausted when she gets home.
I think Mary will be hungry when she gets home.
I think Mary will be offended by what Tom is going to say.
I think Mary will be tired when she gets home.
I think Mary will do as she's told.
I think Mary will do the same thing she did yesterday.
I think Mary will eventually give up and ask Tom to do that for her.
I think Mary won't be as angry as you think she'll be.
I think Mary won't be as mad as you think she'll be.
I think Mary would be able to do that if she put her mind to it.
I think Mary would be able to do that if she really wanted to.
I think Mary would be confused if you explain it to her that way.
I think Mary would be doing that now if she knew how.
I think Mary would be doing that, too, if she knew how.
I think Mary would be forgiven if she did that.
I think Mary would be happier if she did that.
I think Mary would be lonely if she went camping by herself.
I think Mary would be safe if she stayed here.
I think Mary would do anything to get what she thinks she needs.
I think Mary would do anything to get what she wants.
I think Mary would do that for you if you asked her to.
I think Mary would do that if you asked her to.
I think Mary would get here early if you asked her to.
I think Mary would go to Boston with you if you asked her to.
I think Mary would leave if you asked her to.
I think Mary would like Tom to do that for her.
I think Mary would like you to do that for her.
I think Mary would likely do that for you if you asked her politely.
I think Mary would've come if you'd invited her.
I think Mary would've helped us if she'd been here.
I think Mary would've helped us if she'd been there.
I think Mary would've stayed longer if she could've.
I think Mary wouldn't be forgiven for doing that if she weren't so young.
I think Mary's definitely into me.
I think Mary's dress is too tight.
I think Mary's illiterate.
I think Mary's skirt's too long.
I think Mr Ashe has just got to have a cigarette.
I think Mr. Jackson is a boring teacher.
I think Mr. Jackson is a good teacher.
I think Mr. Jackson is a terrible teacher.
I think Mr. Jackson's first name is Tom.
I think Obama will win. It'll be a walkover!
I think Obama will win. It’ll be a walkover!
I think Obama would be a great President of France.
I think Rima has a crush on Ziri.
I think Sami did that subconsciously.
I think Sami is capable of doing this.
I think Sami is more than suspicious.
I think Sami knew that as well.
I think Sami liked it.
I think Sami should take Layla's dog.
I think Social Darwinism is just an excuse for people to not care about anyone else.
I think Tatoeba is a little slow today.
I think Tatoeba is being a bit slow today.
I think Tatoeba is slow today.
I think Tom Jackson and Jack Thompson are the same person.
I think Tom agrees with Mary.
I think Tom agrees with me on this.
I think Tom already knew Mary.
I think Tom already knows how to do that.
I think Tom already knows that.
I think Tom already knows the truth.
I think Tom already knows why Mary did that.
I think Tom already knows why Mary didn't do that.
I think Tom already knows why Mary didn't need to do that.
I think Tom already knows why Mary didn't want to do that.
I think Tom already knows why Mary doesn't have to do that.
I think Tom already knows why Mary doesn't need to do that.
I think Tom already knows why Mary doesn't want to do that.
I think Tom already knows why Mary had to do that.
I think Tom already knows why Mary needed to do that.
I think Tom already knows why Mary wanted to do that.
I think Tom already knows.
I think Tom always wears a helmet when he rides his motorcycle.
I think Tom and I agree.
I think Tom and I are already too late.
I think Tom and I are even now.
I think Tom and I are finished here.
I think Tom and I are going to have a very nice time.
I think Tom and I are happier than most people.
I think Tom and I are in agreement.
I think Tom and I are just about there.
I think Tom and I are lost.
I think Tom and I are missing something.
I think Tom and I are on the same page.
I think Tom and I are past that.
I think Tom and I are really excited about this.
I think Tom and I are safe for a while.
I think Tom and I can do that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
I think Tom and I could do that by ourselves if we tried.
I think Tom and I could have done that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I could have done that faster by ourselves.
I think Tom and I could have gotten home by ourselves.
I think Tom and I could have solved that problem by ourselves.
I think Tom and I could take care of ourselves if we tried.
I think Tom and I could've done that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I could've done that faster by ourselves.
I think Tom and I could've gotten home by ourselves.
I think Tom and I could've solved that problem by ourselves.
I think Tom and I couldn't have done that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I have missed something.
I think Tom and I might do that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I might have accidentally poisoned ourselves.
I think Tom and I might have poisoned ourselves.
I think Tom and I might've poisoned ourselves.
I think Tom and I overdid it a little last night.
I think Tom and I should be able to do that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I should do that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I should do that ourselves.
I think Tom and I were supposed to do that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I will be able to do that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I would be lonely if we went camping by ourselves.
I think Tom and I'd be lonely if we went camping by ourselves.
I think Tom and I'll be able to do that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I'll be doing that by ourselves.
I think Tom and John are brothers.
I think Tom and John are handsome.
I think Tom and John are identical twins.
I think Tom and John are terrible fathers.
I think Tom and John aren't brothers.
I think Tom and John look better with beards.
I think Tom and John look better without beards.
I think Tom and Mary agree with me on this.
I think Tom and Mary are Canadians.
I think Tom and Mary are OK.
I think Tom and Mary are a bit eccentric.
I think Tom and Mary are a bit too impatient.
I think Tom and Mary are a little nervous about this.
I think Tom and Mary are a little too optimistic.
I think Tom and Mary are about thirty years old.
I think Tom and Mary are about thirty.
I think Tom and Mary are about to cry.
I think Tom and Mary are about to leave.
I think Tom and Mary are absolutely right.
I think Tom and Mary are acting a little suspicious.
I think Tom and Mary are adopted.
I think Tom and Mary are afraid of you.
I think Tom and Mary are afraid of your dog.
I think Tom and Mary are afraid.
I think Tom and Mary are aggressive.
I think Tom and Mary are all right.
I think Tom and Mary are already on the plane.
I think Tom and Mary are amused by what's going on.
I think Tom and Mary are amusing.
I think Tom and Mary are angry.
I think Tom and Mary are annoyed.
I think Tom and Mary are annoying.
I think Tom and Mary are anxious to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are arrogant.
I think Tom and Mary are artistic.
I think Tom and Mary are asleep.
I think Tom and Mary are at least partially to blame.
I think Tom and Mary are athletic.
I think Tom and Mary are autistic.
I think Tom and Mary are awake.
I think Tom and Mary are awesome.
I think Tom and Mary are back from Boston.
I think Tom and Mary are being disrespectful.
I think Tom and Mary are being reasonable.
I think Tom and Mary are being sarcastic.
I think Tom and Mary are biased.
I think Tom and Mary are bored.
I think Tom and Mary are boring.
I think Tom and Mary are both ambidextrous.
I think Tom and Mary are both awake.
I think Tom and Mary are both bipolar.
I think Tom and Mary are both blind.
I think Tom and Mary are both bored.
I think Tom and Mary are both busy.
I think Tom and Mary are both confused.
I think Tom and Mary are both crazy.
I think Tom and Mary are both difficult to get along with.
I think Tom and Mary are both drunk.
I think Tom and Mary are both finicky.
I think Tom and Mary are both funny.
I think Tom and Mary are both going to be busy tomorrow.
I think Tom and Mary are both going to be doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are both going to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are both going to get fired.
I think Tom and Mary are both here.
I think Tom and Mary are both lying.
I think Tom and Mary are both over thirty.
I think Tom and Mary are both ready.
I think Tom and Mary are both retired.
I think Tom and Mary are both right.
I think Tom and Mary are both safe.
I think Tom and Mary are both shy.
I think Tom and Mary are both sick.
I think Tom and Mary are both single.
I think Tom and Mary are both sleepy.
I think Tom and Mary are both smart.
I think Tom and Mary are both sorry.
I think Tom and Mary are both still homesick.
I think Tom and Mary are both still in prison.
I think Tom and Mary are both still single.
I think Tom and Mary are both thirty years old.
I think Tom and Mary are both ticklish.
I think Tom and Mary are both tired.
I think Tom and Mary are both trying to lose weight.
I think Tom and Mary are brave.
I think Tom and Mary are bright.
I think Tom and Mary are brilliant.
I think Tom and Mary are broke.
I think Tom and Mary are busy.
I think Tom and Mary are careful.
I think Tom and Mary are careless.
I think Tom and Mary are charming.
I think Tom and Mary are cheating.
I think Tom and Mary are cheerful.
I think Tom and Mary are clever.
I think Tom and Mary are coming over.
I think Tom and Mary are coming to Boston next weekend.
I think Tom and Mary are competent.
I think Tom and Mary are concealing something from me.
I think Tom and Mary are conceited.
I think Tom and Mary are concerned.
I think Tom and Mary are confident.
I think Tom and Mary are confused.
I think Tom and Mary are conscientious.
I think Tom and Mary are conservative.
I think Tom and Mary are considerate.
I think Tom and Mary are considering doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are contented.
I think Tom and Mary are correct.
I think Tom and Mary are courageous.
I think Tom and Mary are cousins.
I think Tom and Mary are cowards.
I think Tom and Mary are creative.
I think Tom and Mary are curious about that.
I think Tom and Mary are curious.
I think Tom and Mary are dangerous.
I think Tom and Mary are dating.
I think Tom and Mary are deceitful.
I think Tom and Mary are delusional.
I think Tom and Mary are dependable.
I think Tom and Mary are depressed.
I think Tom and Mary are desperate to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are desperate.
I think Tom and Mary are determined to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with.
I think Tom and Mary are disappointed.
I think Tom and Mary are discouraged.
I think Tom and Mary are disgusting.
I think Tom and Mary are dishonest.
I think Tom and Mary are displeased.
I think Tom and Mary are divorced.
I think Tom and Mary are doing a fine job.
I think Tom and Mary are doing a pretty good job for us.
I think Tom and Mary are doing that as well.
I think Tom and Mary are doing that now.
I think Tom and Mary are doing that right now.
I think Tom and Mary are doing that the wrong way.
I think Tom and Mary are doing that, but I'm not sure.
I think Tom and Mary are doing that, too.
I think Tom and Mary are doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are doing well.
I think Tom and Mary are done.
I think Tom and Mary are downstairs.
I think Tom and Mary are eager to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are easygoing.
I think Tom and Mary are eating right now.
I think Tom and Mary are embarrassed.
I think Tom and Mary are engaged.
I think Tom and Mary are enjoying themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are exaggerating a little.
I think Tom and Mary are exaggerating.
I think Tom and Mary are excited.
I think Tom and Mary are exciting.
I think Tom and Mary are exhausted.
I think Tom and Mary are expecting us both.
I think Tom and Mary are feeling a little stressed.
I think Tom and Mary are finally asleep.
I think Tom and Mary are fine.
I think Tom and Mary are finished doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are finished.
I think Tom and Mary are following me.
I think Tom and Mary are foolish.
I think Tom and Mary are forgetful.
I think Tom and Mary are free.
I think Tom and Mary are friendly.
I think Tom and Mary are frightened.
I think Tom and Mary are from Australia, but I'm not sure.
I think Tom and Mary are from Australia.
I think Tom and Mary are from Boston.
I think Tom and Mary are frustrated.
I think Tom and Mary are funny.
I think Tom and Mary are geniuses.
I think Tom and Mary are getting a little tired of doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are getting ready.
I think Tom and Mary are getting tired of doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are glad that that's going to happen.
I think Tom and Mary are going to Boston next month.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be OK.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be able to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be all right.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be busy tomorrow afternoon.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be fine.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be here later.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be hungry when they get home.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be late.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be so happy together.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be tired when they get home.
I think Tom and Mary are going to call you.
I think Tom and Mary are going to come back.
I think Tom and Mary are going to confess.
I think Tom and Mary are going to do that again.
I think Tom and Mary are going to do that as well.
I think Tom and Mary are going to do that in Boston next week.
I think Tom and Mary are going to do that soon.
I think Tom and Mary are going to do that today.
I think Tom and Mary are going to do that tomorrow.
I think Tom and Mary are going to do that, too.
I think Tom and Mary are going to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are going to do the same thing they did yesterday.
I think Tom and Mary are going to have a hard time doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are going to like it here.
I think Tom and Mary are going to resign.
I think Tom and Mary are going to want to see this.
I think Tom and Mary are going to want to sit down.
I think Tom and Mary are going to win.
I think Tom and Mary are gone.
I think Tom and Mary are good coaches.
I think Tom and Mary are good cooks.
I think Tom and Mary are good drivers.
I think Tom and Mary are good leaders.
I think Tom and Mary are good swimmers.
I think Tom and Mary are guilty.
I think Tom and Mary are gullible.
I think Tom and Mary are handling it well.
I think Tom and Mary are happy.
I think Tom and Mary are having a good time.
I think Tom and Mary are having a hard time doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are having fun.
I think Tom and Mary are having serious money problems.
I think Tom and Mary are healthy.
I think Tom and Mary are heartbroken.
I think Tom and Mary are helpful.
I think Tom and Mary are here.
I think Tom and Mary are hiding something from me.
I think Tom and Mary are hiding something from us.
I think Tom and Mary are hiding something.
I think Tom and Mary are home.
I think Tom and Mary are honest.
I think Tom and Mary are horrible.
I think Tom and Mary are humorous.
I think Tom and Mary are hungry.
I think Tom and Mary are hypocrites.
I think Tom and Mary are hypocritical.
I think Tom and Mary are idiots.
I think Tom and Mary are illiterate.
I think Tom and Mary are immature.
I think Tom and Mary are immoral.
I think Tom and Mary are impatient to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are impatient.
I think Tom and Mary are impolite.
I think Tom and Mary are impressed.
I think Tom and Mary are improving.
I think Tom and Mary are in Boston.
I think Tom and Mary are in love with each other.
I think Tom and Mary are in love.
I think Tom and Mary are in the front yard.
I think Tom and Mary are in the garden.
I think Tom and Mary are in their offices.
I think Tom and Mary are in trouble.
I think Tom and Mary are incompetent.
I think Tom and Mary are incorrect.
I think Tom and Mary are innocent.
I think Tom and Mary are intelligent.
I think Tom and Mary are intense.
I think Tom and Mary are interested in doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are interested.
I think Tom and Mary are interesting.
I think Tom and Mary are interfering.
I think Tom and Mary are intoxicated.
I think Tom and Mary are intrigued.
I think Tom and Mary are introverted.
I think Tom and Mary are irresponsible.
I think Tom and Mary are irritated.
I think Tom and Mary are jealous of you.
I think Tom and Mary are jealous.
I think Tom and Mary are joking.
I think Tom and Mary are just a little scared.
I think Tom and Mary are just confused.
I think Tom and Mary are just pretending to be asleep.
I think Tom and Mary are just trying to be practical.
I think Tom and Mary are lazy.
I think Tom and Mary are liars.
I think Tom and Mary are likable.
I think Tom and Mary are like that.
I think Tom and Mary are likeable.
I think Tom and Mary are likely to be late.
I think Tom and Mary are likely to cry.
I think Tom and Mary are likely to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are likely to go to Boston in the near future.
I think Tom and Mary are likely to resign.
I think Tom and Mary are likely to win.
I think Tom and Mary are living in Boston now.
I think Tom and Mary are lonely.
I think Tom and Mary are looking for us.
I think Tom and Mary are lost.
I think Tom and Mary are lot better singers than you.
I think Tom and Mary are lot better swimmers than you.
I think Tom and Mary are lovable.
I think Tom and Mary are loveable.
I think Tom and Mary are lying.
I think Tom and Mary are mad.
I think Tom and Mary are married to each other.
I think Tom and Mary are married.
I think Tom and Mary are miserable.
I think Tom and Mary are mistaken.
I think Tom and Mary are motivated to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are motivated.
I think Tom and Mary are much better players than you.
I think Tom and Mary are narrow-minded.
I think Tom and Mary are nervous.
I think Tom and Mary are nice names.
I think Tom and Mary are nice.
I think Tom and Mary are obedient.
I think Tom and Mary are obnoxious.
I think Tom and Mary are obsessive.
I think Tom and Mary are obstinate.
I think Tom and Mary are only pretending to be asleep.
I think Tom and Mary are optimistic.
I think Tom and Mary are organized.
I think Tom and Mary are out.
I think Tom and Mary are outgoing.
I think Tom and Mary are outside.
I think Tom and Mary are over thirty.
I think Tom and Mary are overemotional.
I think Tom and Mary are overly optimistic.
I think Tom and Mary are overweight.
I think Tom and Mary are overworked.
I think Tom and Mary are pathetic.
I think Tom and Mary are patient.
I think Tom and Mary are persistent.
I think Tom and Mary are persuasive.
I think Tom and Mary are pessimistic.
I think Tom and Mary are photogenic.
I think Tom and Mary are planning on doing that tomorrow.
I think Tom and Mary are planning to do that tomorrow.
I think Tom and Mary are poor.
I think Tom and Mary are possessive.
I think Tom and Mary are prejudiced.
I think Tom and Mary are prepared.
I think Tom and Mary are pretty angry.
I think Tom and Mary are pretty good artists.
I think Tom and Mary are pretty good at French.
I think Tom and Mary are pretty good at baseball.
I think Tom and Mary are pretty good at doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are pretty good at sports.
I think Tom and Mary are pretty remarkable people.
I think Tom and Mary are probably asleep.
I think Tom and Mary are probably awake by now.
I think Tom and Mary are probably better at French than you think they are.
I think Tom and Mary are probably better at doing that than you think they are.
I think Tom and Mary are probably older than you think they are.
I think Tom and Mary are probably right.
I think Tom and Mary are probably suspicious.
I think Tom and Mary are probably wrong.
I think Tom and Mary are probably younger than you think they are.
I think Tom and Mary are progressing.
I think Tom and Mary are pulling your leg.
I think Tom and Mary are ready.
I think Tom and Mary are really going to like this.
I think Tom and Mary are really nice kids.
I think Tom and Mary are really smart.
I think Tom and Mary are related.
I think Tom and Mary are reliable.
I think Tom and Mary are relieved.
I think Tom and Mary are reluctant to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are resourceful.
I think Tom and Mary are responsible for what happened.
I think Tom and Mary are responsible.
I think Tom and Mary are retired by now.
I think Tom and Mary are rich.
I think Tom and Mary are right.
I think Tom and Mary are safe.
I think Tom and Mary are satisfied.
I think Tom and Mary are scared to talk to me.
I think Tom and Mary are scared.
I think Tom and Mary are secretly married.
I think Tom and Mary are self-centered.
I think Tom and Mary are self-conscious.
I think Tom and Mary are selfish.
I think Tom and Mary are sensible.
I think Tom and Mary are serious.
I think Tom and Mary are shy.
I think Tom and Mary are sick of me.
I think Tom and Mary are sick.
I think Tom and Mary are sincere.
I think Tom and Mary are skeptical.
I think Tom and Mary are sleeping.
I think Tom and Mary are sleepy.
I think Tom and Mary are smarter than that.
I think Tom and Mary are starved.
I think Tom and Mary are still afraid to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are still afraid.
I think Tom and Mary are still alive.
I think Tom and Mary are still angry.
I think Tom and Mary are still around.
I think Tom and Mary are still asleep.
I think Tom and Mary are still awake.
I think Tom and Mary are still busy.
I think Tom and Mary are still cold.
I think Tom and Mary are still confused.
I think Tom and Mary are still curious.
I think Tom and Mary are still dependable.
I think Tom and Mary are still depressed.
I think Tom and Mary are still desperate to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are still determined to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are still disorganized.
I think Tom and Mary are still doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are still downstairs.
I think Tom and Mary are still drunk.
I think Tom and Mary are still here.
I think Tom and Mary are still hesitant to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are still home.
I think Tom and Mary are still homeless.
I think Tom and Mary are still homesick.
I think Tom and Mary are still hungry.
I think Tom and Mary are still in Boston.
I think Tom and Mary are still in jail.
I think Tom and Mary are still in prison.
I think Tom and Mary are still interested in doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are still interested.
I think Tom and Mary are still living in Boston.
I think Tom and Mary are still lost.
I think Tom and Mary are still mad.
I think Tom and Mary are still married.
I think Tom and Mary are still motivated to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are still nervous.
I think Tom and Mary are still optimistic.
I think Tom and Mary are still outside.
I think Tom and Mary are still poor.
I think Tom and Mary are still reluctant to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are still scared.
I think Tom and Mary are still sceptical.
I think Tom and Mary are still sick.
I think Tom and Mary are still skeptical.
I think Tom and Mary are still sleepy.
I think Tom and Mary are still suspicious.
I think Tom and Mary are still tired.
I think Tom and Mary are still unconscious.
I think Tom and Mary are still unconvinced.
I think Tom and Mary are still undecided.
I think Tom and Mary are still undefeated.
I think Tom and Mary are still undependable.
I think Tom and Mary are still unemployed.
I think Tom and Mary are still unimpressed.
I think Tom and Mary are still up.
I think Tom and Mary are still upset.
I think Tom and Mary are still worried.
I think Tom and Mary are stingy.
I think Tom and Mary are stoned.
I think Tom and Mary are strange.
I think Tom and Mary are strong.
I think Tom and Mary are stubborn.
I think Tom and Mary are students.
I think Tom and Mary are stupid.
I think Tom and Mary are sure that's what they have to do.
I think Tom and Mary are sure that's what they need to do.
I think Tom and Mary are suspicious.
I think Tom and Mary are sympathetic.
I think Tom and Mary are talented.
I think Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
I think Tom and Mary are terrified.
I think Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
I think Tom and Mary are the ones who drew these pictures.
I think Tom and Mary are the ones who painted this fence.
I think Tom and Mary are the ones who stole my wallet.
I think Tom and Mary are the ones who'll win.
I think Tom and Mary are the ones who're supposed to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only Canadians here.
I think Tom and Mary are the only Canadians on our team.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones here who aren't drinking.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones here who don't know how to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones here who don't know how to swim.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who can do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who can't do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't have to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't know how to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't need to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't want to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who have to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who know how to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who need to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who want to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones working here who can speak French.
I think Tom and Mary are the only vegetarians here.
I think Tom and Mary are the people who should be doing this instead of me.
I think Tom and Mary are the right people for the job.
I think Tom and Mary are thirsty.
I think Tom and Mary are thirty.
I think Tom and Mary are through doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are tired.
I think Tom and Mary are too aggressive.
I think Tom and Mary are too assertive.
I think Tom and Mary are too competitive.
I think Tom and Mary are too confident.
I think Tom and Mary are too outspoken.
I think Tom and Mary are too shy to talk to John.
I think Tom and Mary are too shy to talk to you.
I think Tom and Mary are too young to be dating.
I think Tom and Mary are too young to get married.
I think Tom and Mary are too young to really be in love.
I think Tom and Mary are too young to retire.
I think Tom and Mary are too young.
I think Tom and Mary are trustworthy.
I think Tom and Mary are trying to impress you.
I think Tom and Mary are trying.
I think Tom and Mary are unafraid.
I think Tom and Mary are uncomfortable.
I think Tom and Mary are undependable.
I think Tom and Mary are under thirty.
I think Tom and Mary are unemployed.
I think Tom and Mary are unfair.
I think Tom and Mary are unfriendly.
I think Tom and Mary are unhappy.
I think Tom and Mary are unimaginative.
I think Tom and Mary are unintelligent.
I think Tom and Mary are uninteresting.
I think Tom and Mary are unkind.
I think Tom and Mary are unlikeable.
I think Tom and Mary are unlucky.
I think Tom and Mary are unpredictable.
I think Tom and Mary are unprejudiced.
I think Tom and Mary are unreliable.
I think Tom and Mary are unscrupulous.
I think Tom and Mary are untrustworthy.
I think Tom and Mary are up in the attic.
I think Tom and Mary are up to something.
I think Tom and Mary are up.
I think Tom and Mary are upset.
I think Tom and Mary are very cool.
I think Tom and Mary are very disorganized.
I think Tom and Mary are very good players.
I think Tom and Mary are very sick.
I think Tom and Mary are very smart.
I think Tom and Mary are very talented musicians.
I think Tom and Mary are visiting Boston now.
I think Tom and Mary are waiting for me.
I think Tom and Mary are waiting for you on the porch.
I think Tom and Mary are waiting for you right now.
I think Tom and Mary are wealthy.
I think Tom and Mary are weird.
I think Tom and Mary are well.
I think Tom and Mary are willing.
I think Tom and Mary are working now.
I think Tom and Mary are worried.
I think Tom and Mary are wrong.
I think Tom and Mary aren't biased.
I think Tom and Mary aren't dependable.
I think Tom and Mary aren't doing that now.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to be busy this afternoon.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to be here today.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to do that anytime soon.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to do that today.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to do that, either.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to resign.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to stop crying anytime soon.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to stop doing that anytime soon.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to win.
I think Tom and Mary aren't in Boston now.
I think Tom and Mary aren't likely to go to Boston anytime soon.
I think Tom and Mary aren't right.
I think Tom and Mary aren't serious.
I think Tom and Mary aren't sure that's what they have to do.
I think Tom and Mary aren't sure that's what they need to do.
I think Tom and Mary aren't the first ones to do that.
I think Tom and Mary aren't the right people for the job.
I think Tom and Mary aren't very good singers.
I think Tom and Mary blame themselves.
I think Tom and Mary both are stuck-up.
I think Tom and Mary both have a drinking problem.
I think Tom and Mary both have lied to us.
I think Tom and Mary both have the ability to do that.
I think Tom and Mary both have to be told not to do that.
I think Tom and Mary both have to do that.
I think Tom and Mary both have valid points.
I think Tom and Mary both said they've already read this book.
I think Tom and Mary both want something to eat.
I think Tom and Mary both want to come with us.
I think Tom and Mary both want to do that tomorrow.
I think Tom and Mary both want to go to Australia.
I think Tom and Mary both want to go to Boston.
I think Tom and Mary both want you to do that.
I think Tom and Mary came to Boston when they were young.
I think Tom and Mary can do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary can do that if they try.
I think Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I think Tom and Mary can't actually do that even though they say they can.
I think Tom and Mary complain too much.
I think Tom and Mary could accomplish just about anything they decide to do.
I think Tom and Mary could be teachers if they wanted to be.
I think Tom and Mary could do better if they tried harder.
I think Tom and Mary could do that by themselves if they tried.
I think Tom and Mary could do that for John if they wanted to.
I think Tom and Mary could do that if they put their minds to it.
I think Tom and Mary could do that if they really wanted to.
I think Tom and Mary could do that if they tried.
I think Tom and Mary could do that if they wanted to.
I think Tom and Mary could do that today if they wanted to.
I think Tom and Mary could get hurt if they try to do that.
I think Tom and Mary could get injured if they tried to do that.
I think Tom and Mary could get injured if they try to do that.
I think Tom and Mary could help John if they wanted to.
I think Tom and Mary could leave today if they wanted to.
I think Tom and Mary could pass for teenagers.
I think Tom and Mary could save themselves a lot of time by just doing that themselves.
I think Tom and Mary could've been teachers.
I think Tom and Mary could've done that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary could've done that faster by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary could've done that for John if they'd wanted to.
I think Tom and Mary could've done that on their own.
I think Tom and Mary could've gotten home by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary could've solved that problem by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary couldn't stop themselves from doing that.
I think Tom and Mary did exactly what they said they did.
I think Tom and Mary did something they shouldn't have.
I think Tom and Mary did that by themselves last Monday.
I think Tom and Mary did that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary did that, even though they said they didn't.
I think Tom and Mary didn't do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they did.
I think Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they'd do.
I think Tom and Mary do that all the time.
I think Tom and Mary do that well.
I think Tom and Mary do that.
I think Tom and Mary don't agree with you.
I think Tom and Mary don't come here very often.
I think Tom and Mary don't do that.
I think Tom and Mary don't eat meat.
I think Tom and Mary don't have a dog.
I think Tom and Mary don't have children yet.
I think Tom and Mary don't have very good jobs.
I think Tom and Mary don't know each other.
I think Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
I think Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
I think Tom and Mary don't know how to swim.
I think Tom and Mary don't know what to do.
I think Tom and Mary don't like it here.
I think Tom and Mary don't like me very much.
I think Tom and Mary don't like to ski.
I think Tom and Mary don't live anywhere near here.
I think Tom and Mary don't live very near the school they go to.
I think Tom and Mary don't really enjoy doing that.
I think Tom and Mary don't really have the courage to do that.
I think Tom and Mary don't speak French very often.
I think Tom and Mary don't speak French very well, but I could be wrong.
I think Tom and Mary don't speak French very well.
I think Tom and Mary don't swim very often, but I could be wrong.
I think Tom and Mary don't swim very often.
I think Tom and Mary don't want me to do that.
I think Tom and Mary don't want our help.
I think Tom and Mary don't want to do that right now.
I think Tom and Mary don't want to do that today.
I think Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
I think Tom and Mary dye their hair.
I think Tom and Mary eat too much meat.
I think Tom and Mary expected John to ask them to stay.
I think Tom and Mary feel differently.
I think Tom and Mary feel the same way.
I think Tom and Mary found new jobs.
I think Tom and Mary go to Boston at least once a year.
I think Tom and Mary got home by themselves last Monday.
I think Tom and Mary got home by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary had a fight.
I think Tom and Mary hate John.
I think Tom and Mary hate me.
I think Tom and Mary hate my dog.
I think Tom and Mary hate the way I sing.
I think Tom and Mary hate us.
I think Tom and Mary hate waiting for me.
I think Tom and Mary have a cousin in Boston.
I think Tom and Mary have a long way to go.
I think Tom and Mary have a plan.
I think Tom and Mary have agreed to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have already agreed to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have already done enough.
I think Tom and Mary have already done that.
I think Tom and Mary have already done what they needed to do.
I think Tom and Mary have already seen it.
I think Tom and Mary have already told us everything we need to know.
I think Tom and Mary have already tried doing that.
I think Tom and Mary have already tried to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have been barking up the wrong tree.
I think Tom and Mary have been crying.
I think Tom and Mary have been here already.
I think Tom and Mary have been here.
I think Tom and Mary have been married for three years.
I think Tom and Mary have been punished enough.
I think Tom and Mary have been replaced by lizard people.
I think Tom and Mary have been to Boston at least once.
I think Tom and Mary have been to Boston at least one time.
I think Tom and Mary have been trying to impress me.
I think Tom and Mary have been up to something.
I think Tom and Mary have been very lucky.
I think Tom and Mary have both already agreed to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have both been crying.
I think Tom and Mary have both been suspended.
I think Tom and Mary have both done that.
I think Tom and Mary have both given up hope.
I think Tom and Mary have both never been to Australia.
I think Tom and Mary have both never been to Boston.
I think Tom and Mary have both never done that.
I think Tom and Mary have both passed away.
I think Tom and Mary have calmed down.
I think Tom and Mary have come to make trouble.
I think Tom and Mary have considered doing that.
I think Tom and Mary have decided to study French instead.
I think Tom and Mary have done a great job.
I think Tom and Mary have done a nice job.
I think Tom and Mary have done that already.
I think Tom and Mary have done that at least once.
I think Tom and Mary have done that at least one time.
I think Tom and Mary have done that before.
I think Tom and Mary have done that once or twice.
I think Tom and Mary have done that.
I think Tom and Mary have done this before.
I think Tom and Mary have fallen in love with each other.
I think Tom and Mary have fallen in love.
I think Tom and Mary have finished.
I think Tom and Mary have forgotten how to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have gone to Boston.
I think Tom and Mary have gone.
I think Tom and Mary have left.
I think Tom and Mary have lied to us.
I think Tom and Mary have made a mistake.
I think Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
I think Tom and Mary have never done that before.
I think Tom and Mary have never done that by themselves before.
I think Tom and Mary have never done that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary have never done that.
I think Tom and Mary have never done this before.
I think Tom and Mary have never seen this before.
I think Tom and Mary have no ulterior motives.
I think Tom and Mary have relatives in Boston.
I think Tom and Mary have secret admirers.
I think Tom and Mary have some friends in Boston.
I think Tom and Mary have started already.
I think Tom and Mary have stopped breathing.
I think Tom and Mary have to be shown how to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have to be told not to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have to do that again.
I think Tom and Mary have to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have to go to Boston.
I think Tom and Mary haven't agreed to do that.
I think Tom and Mary haven't decided yet.
I think Tom and Mary haven't done enough yet.
I think Tom and Mary haven't done that since October.
I think Tom and Mary haven't done that yet.
I think Tom and Mary haven't done that.
I think Tom and Mary haven't gotten around to doing that yet.
I think Tom and Mary haven't made a decision yet.
I think Tom and Mary haven't yet done enough.
I think Tom and Mary haven't yet done that.
I think Tom and Mary haven't yet gotten around to doing that.
I think Tom and Mary injured themselves.
I think Tom and Mary just want to be alone.
I think Tom and Mary killed themselves.
I think Tom and Mary know French.
I think Tom and Mary know already.
I think Tom and Mary know each other.
I think Tom and Mary know how to do that already.
I think Tom and Mary know how to do that.
I think Tom and Mary know something the rest of us don't.
I think Tom and Mary know something.
I think Tom and Mary know the truth about what happened.
I think Tom and Mary know they need to help John today.
I think Tom and Mary know they're supposed to give speeches today.
I think Tom and Mary know things that we don't.
I think Tom and Mary know what needs to be done.
I think Tom and Mary know what they're doing.
I think Tom and Mary know what time they're supposed to be here.
I think Tom and Mary know what to do.
I think Tom and Mary know what's at stake.
I think Tom and Mary know who did that.
I think Tom and Mary know who live in that house.
I think Tom and Mary know who stole my wallet.
I think Tom and Mary know why I'm here.
I think Tom and Mary know why we couldn't do that for them.
I think Tom and Mary know why.
I think Tom and Mary know.
I think Tom and Mary like baseball.
I think Tom and Mary like doing that.
I think Tom and Mary like each other.
I think Tom and Mary like hanging out with us.
I think Tom and Mary like it.
I think Tom and Mary like me.
I think Tom and Mary like playing tennis together.
I think Tom and Mary like playing tennis.
I think Tom and Mary like their jobs.
I think Tom and Mary like to do that.
I think Tom and Mary like to play tennis together.
I think Tom and Mary like to play tennis.
I think Tom and Mary like you.
I think Tom and Mary live in Boston.
I think Tom and Mary lived in Boston when they were in high school.
I think Tom and Mary look like teachers.
I think Tom and Mary love cats more than people.
I think Tom and Mary may be able to buy the kind of shoes they're looking for at the sports store on Park Street.
I think Tom and Mary may be able to do that if you help them.
I think Tom and Mary met at a Halloween party.
I think Tom and Mary might actually get married.
I think Tom and Mary might do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary might get hurt if they try to do that.
I think Tom and Mary might get in trouble if they do that.
I think Tom and Mary might get injured if they try to do that.
I think Tom and Mary might get killed if they try to do that.
I think Tom and Mary might get punished if they do that.
I think Tom and Mary might have poisoned themselves.
I think Tom and Mary might not want to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary might recognize John, even though it's been a long time since they've seen him.
I think Tom and Mary might've said something they shouldn't have.
I think Tom and Mary might've taken something they shouldn't have.
I think Tom and Mary need a little help.
I think Tom and Mary need a ride to the airport.
I think Tom and Mary need a vacation.
I think Tom and Mary need help.
I think Tom and Mary need me.
I think Tom and Mary need medical attention.
I think Tom and Mary need something.
I think Tom and Mary need to be shown how to do that.
I think Tom and Mary need to be told about what happened.
I think Tom and Mary need to be told not to do that.
I think Tom and Mary need to be told that.
I think Tom and Mary need to buy some new clothes.
I think Tom and Mary need to do that.
I think Tom and Mary need to get more exercise.
I think Tom and Mary need to go.
I think Tom and Mary need your help.
I think Tom and Mary never do that.
I think Tom and Mary never leave early.
I think Tom and Mary ought to wait until at least 2:30 before they leave.
I think Tom and Mary probably aren't as good at French as you think they are.
I think Tom and Mary probably aren't as good at doing that as you think they are.
I think Tom and Mary probably aren't as old as you think they are.
I think Tom and Mary probably aren't as rich as you think they are.
I think Tom and Mary probably aren't as young as you think they are.
I think Tom and Mary really are doctors.
I think Tom and Mary really enjoyed themselves.
I think Tom and Mary really have to do that.
I think Tom and Mary really need to do that.
I think Tom and Mary really want to do that.
I think Tom and Mary really want to win.
I think Tom and Mary said that they'd do that.
I think Tom and Mary said they needed to buy a shovel.
I think Tom and Mary said they were from Boston.
I think Tom and Mary said they'd be back.
I think Tom and Mary said they'd be staying in Boston for three weeks.
I think Tom and Mary said they've already read this book.
I think Tom and Mary share too much personal information online.
I think Tom and Mary should be able to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary should do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary should do that themselves.
I think Tom and Mary should do what they say they're going to do.
I think Tom and Mary should get married.
I think Tom and Mary should leave.
I think Tom and Mary should tell John that they can't really speak French.
I think Tom and Mary should've asked John to help them do that.
I think Tom and Mary shouldn't tell John how they did that.
I think Tom and Mary shouldn't tell John that they did that.
I think Tom and Mary shouldn't tell John why they did that.
I think Tom and Mary sound like native French speakers.
I think Tom and Mary speak French quite well.
I think Tom and Mary speak French well.
I think Tom and Mary spend too much time together.
I think Tom and Mary stayed by at home by themselves last Monday.
I think Tom and Mary still have to do that.
I think Tom and Mary thought they had to do that.
I think Tom and Mary understand all that.
I think Tom and Mary understand that if they want my help, all they need to do is ask for it.
I think Tom and Mary used to work together.
I think Tom and Mary want me to go with them.
I think Tom and Mary want more.
I think Tom and Mary want our help.
I think Tom and Mary want something to eat.
I think Tom and Mary want to come with us.
I think Tom and Mary want to do that tomorrow.
I think Tom and Mary want to do that, even though they say they don't.
I think Tom and Mary want to do that.
I think Tom and Mary want to go to Boston with you.
I think Tom and Mary want to go to Boston.
I think Tom and Mary want to kill themselves.
I think Tom and Mary want to see you.
I think Tom and Mary want to sell us something.
I think Tom and Mary want to stay.
I think Tom and Mary want you to do that.
I think Tom and Mary went into the woods to kill themselves.
I think Tom and Mary were a little tired.
I think Tom and Mary were as surprised as I was.
I think Tom and Mary were astonished.
I think Tom and Mary were being sarcastic.
I think Tom and Mary were bluffing.
I think Tom and Mary were both born in Australia.
I think Tom and Mary were both born in Boston.
I think Tom and Mary were drunk.
I think Tom and Mary were embarrassed.
I think Tom and Mary were finished doing that by 2:30.
I think Tom and Mary were grateful.
I think Tom and Mary were here.
I think Tom and Mary were hiding something.
I think Tom and Mary were impressed.
I think Tom and Mary were in shock.
I think Tom and Mary were joking.
I think Tom and Mary were just being sarcastic.
I think Tom and Mary were just in the wrong place at the wrong time.
I think Tom and Mary were just trying to be friendly.
I think Tom and Mary were lied to.
I think Tom and Mary were looking for you.
I think Tom and Mary were lying to me.
I think Tom and Mary were lying to us.
I think Tom and Mary were misled.
I think Tom and Mary were only bluffing.
I think Tom and Mary were only joking.
I think Tom and Mary were pretty exhausted.
I think Tom and Mary were right.
I think Tom and Mary were speaking French.
I think Tom and Mary were supposed to be here by now.
I think Tom and Mary were supposed to be here.
I think Tom and Mary were supposed to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary were supposed to do that yesterday.
I think Tom and Mary were supposed to go to school yesterday.
I think Tom and Mary were surprised.
I think Tom and Mary were talking about John.
I think Tom and Mary were talking about us.
I think Tom and Mary were talking in French.
I think Tom and Mary were telling the truth.
I think Tom and Mary were terrified.
I think Tom and Mary were the first ones to do that.
I think Tom and Mary were the last ones to do that.
I think Tom and Mary were the last people to do that.
I think Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
I think Tom and Mary were the ones who stole my wallet.
I think Tom and Mary were the ones who stole your bicycle.
I think Tom and Mary were the ones who told me that.
I think Tom and Mary were the ones who wanted to do that.
I think Tom and Mary were the ones who were supposed to do that.
I think Tom and Mary were trying to tell us something.
I think Tom and Mary were trying to warn us about something.
I think Tom and Mary were unimpressed.
I think Tom and Mary weren't really listening.
I think Tom and Mary weren't telling the truth.
I think Tom and Mary weren't the first ones to do that.
I think Tom and Mary will agree.
I think Tom and Mary will be able to buy ice skates their sizes at the sports store near the art museum.
I think Tom and Mary will be able to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary will be able to do that if they try.
I think Tom and Mary will be doing that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary will be exhausted when they get home.
I think Tom and Mary will be hungry when they get home.
I think Tom and Mary will be tired when they get home.
I think Tom and Mary will do as they're told.
I think Tom and Mary will do that today.
I think Tom and Mary will do the same thing they did yesterday.
I think Tom and Mary will eventually give up and ask John to do that for them.
I think Tom and Mary will like the present you bought for them.
I think Tom and Mary will like the presents you bought for them.
I think Tom and Mary won't be as angry as you think they'll be.
I think Tom and Mary won't be as mad as you think they'll be.
I think Tom and Mary won't be here today.
I think Tom and Mary won't be the first ones to do that.
I think Tom and Mary won't be the last ones to do that.
I think Tom and Mary won't be the next ones to do that.
I think Tom and Mary work at night.
I think Tom and Mary work in this office.
I think Tom and Mary work the night shift.
I think Tom and Mary would be able to do that if they put their minds to it.
I think Tom and Mary would be able to do that if they really wanted to.
I think Tom and Mary would be confused if you explain it to them that way.
I think Tom and Mary would be doing that now if they knew how.
I think Tom and Mary would be doing that, too, if they knew how.
I think Tom and Mary would be forgiven if they did that.
I think Tom and Mary would be happier if they did that.
I think Tom and Mary would be lonely if they went camping by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary would be safe if they stayed here.
I think Tom and Mary would be tempted to do that.
I think Tom and Mary would do anything to get what they think they need.
I think Tom and Mary would do anything to get what they want.
I think Tom and Mary would do that for you if you asked them to.
I think Tom and Mary would do that if you asked them to.
I think Tom and Mary would get here early if you asked them to.
I think Tom and Mary would go to Boston with you if you asked them to.
I think Tom and Mary would have helped us if they had been there.
I think Tom and Mary would leave if you asked them to.
I think Tom and Mary would like you to do that for them.
I think Tom and Mary would likely do that for you if you asked them politely.
I think Tom and Mary would make a nice couple.
I think Tom and Mary would make good teachers.
I think Tom and Mary would've come if you'd invited them.
I think Tom and Mary would've helped us if they'd been here.
I think Tom and Mary would've helped us if they'd been there.
I think Tom and Mary would've stayed longer if they could've.
I think Tom and Mary wouldn't be forgiven for doing that if they weren't so young.
I think Tom and Mary's marriage won't last long.
I think Tom and only Tom agrees with you.
I think Tom and only Tom can do that.
I think Tom and only Tom has to do that.
I think Tom and only Tom needs to do that.
I think Tom and only Tom should do that.
I think Tom and only Tom wants to do that.
I think Tom anticipated that question.
I think Tom anticipated that, too.
I think Tom ate it.
I think Tom ate my piece of cake.
I think Tom believed me.
I think Tom believes everything Mary says.
I think Tom believes his own lies.
I think Tom believes what he's saying is true, but I don't think it is.
I think Tom blames himself.
I think Tom blocked me.
I think Tom bought the house he was looking at last week.
I think Tom broke the dish on purpose.
I think Tom came here to see Mary.
I think Tom came here to tell us something important.
I think Tom came to Australia when he was young.
I think Tom came to Boston when he was young.
I think Tom can be beaten.
I think Tom can be trusted.
I think Tom can do a fine job.
I think Tom can do it if he tries.
I think Tom can do it on his own.
I think Tom can do it.
I think Tom can do something about that.
I think Tom can do that better than I can.
I think Tom can do that better than Mary can.
I think Tom can do that better than Mary.
I think Tom can do that better than me.
I think Tom can do that by himself.
I think Tom can do that if he tries.
I think Tom can do that on his own.
I think Tom can do that today.
I think Tom can do that without my help.
I think Tom can do that.
I think Tom can handle it.
I think Tom can help Mary do that tomorrow.
I think Tom can help Mary do that.
I think Tom can help Mary tomorrow.
I think Tom can help Mary.
I think Tom can help me with my problem.
I think Tom can help us do that next week.
I think Tom can help us do that.
I think Tom can help us next week.
I think Tom can help us.
I think Tom can help you now.
I think Tom can help you with that.
I think Tom can help you.
I think Tom can help.
I think Tom can probably do that faster that than Mary can.
I think Tom can probably do that faster that than Mary.
I think Tom can probably swim faster than Mary can.
I think Tom can probably swim faster than Mary.
I think Tom can prove it.
I think Tom can sing country music better than anyone else I know.
I think Tom can speak French, but I'm not sure.
I think Tom can speak French.
I think Tom can speak French. However, I could be wrong.
I think Tom can speak French. I could be wrong, though.
I think Tom can swim better than Mary can.
I think Tom can swim better than Mary.
I think Tom can swim.
I think Tom can take care of himself.
I think Tom can understand French fairly well.
I think Tom can understand French.
I think Tom can wait.
I think Tom can win.
I think Tom can't actually do that even though he says he can.
I think Tom can't actually do that.
I think Tom can't do that.
I think Tom can't leave until Mary gives him some money.
I think Tom can't speak French.
I think Tom can't understand French.
I think Tom can't win.
I think Tom cares about me.
I think Tom cheated on his French test.
I think Tom cheated.
I think Tom complains too much.
I think Tom could accomplish just about anything he decides to do.
I think Tom could actually do that.
I think Tom could actually win.
I think Tom could be a teacher if he wanted to be.
I think Tom could be a very rich man soon.
I think Tom could be back tomorrow.
I think Tom could be doing that right now.
I think Tom could be eating right now.
I think Tom could be finished doing that by 2:30.
I think Tom could be happy here if he tried to be.
I think Tom could be happy here.
I think Tom could be impartial.
I think Tom could be in Australia now.
I think Tom could be in Boston now.
I think Tom could be just the person we need.
I think Tom could be persuaded to help.
I think Tom could be ready by the time you get here.
I think Tom could be right.
I think Tom could be sick.
I think Tom could be swimming right now.
I think Tom could be tempted to do that.
I think Tom could be the boss if he wanted to be.
I think Tom could convince Mary not to do that.
I think Tom could convince Mary to do that.
I think Tom could do a better job.
I think Tom could do a lot of things for us.
I think Tom could do better if he tried harder.
I think Tom could do better.
I think Tom could do that by himself if he tried.
I think Tom could do that for Mary if he wanted to.
I think Tom could do that for Mary.
I think Tom could do that if he needed to.
I think Tom could do that if he put his mind to it.
I think Tom could do that if he really needed to.
I think Tom could do that if he really wanted to.
I think Tom could do that if he tried.
I think Tom could do that if he wanted to.
I think Tom could do that now.
I think Tom could do that today if he wanted to.
I think Tom could do that today.
I think Tom could do that.
I think Tom could easily have done that.
I think Tom could end up being arrested.
I think Tom could end up being fired.
I think Tom could fix this.
I think Tom could force you to do that.
I think Tom could get Mary to do that.
I think Tom could get Mary to eat that.
I think Tom could get Mary to help you.
I think Tom could get Mary to show us how to do that.
I think Tom could get hurt if he tries to do that.
I think Tom could get injured if he tried to do that.
I think Tom could get injured if he tries to do that.
I think Tom could go to Australia with you.
I think Tom could go to Boston with you.
I think Tom could have been a teacher.
I think Tom could have been offended by that.
I think Tom could have been reluctant to do that.
I think Tom could have been tempted to do that.
I think Tom could have done that better.
I think Tom could have done that by himself.
I think Tom could have done that faster by himself.
I think Tom could have done that for Mary if he'd wanted to.
I think Tom could have done that on his own.
I think Tom could have done that without Mary's help.
I think Tom could have done that without my help.
I think Tom could have done that without your help.
I think Tom could have done that.
I think Tom could have gotten home by himself.
I think Tom could have refused to do that.
I think Tom could have solved that problem by himself.
I think Tom could have stopped Mary from doing that.
I think Tom could help Mary if he wanted to.
I think Tom could help me.
I think Tom could help you.
I think Tom could help.
I think Tom could learn a lot from you.
I think Tom could leave today if he wanted to.
I think Tom could make Mary do that.
I think Tom could make a difference.
I think Tom could manage to do that alone.
I think Tom could manage to do that by himself.
I think Tom could manage to do that on his own.
I think Tom could manage to do that.
I think Tom could pass for a teenager.
I think Tom could probably do that.
I think Tom could probably talk Mary into doing that.
I think Tom could probably talk Mary out of doing that.
I think Tom could save himself a lot of time by just doing that himself.
I think Tom could sing at your wedding.
I think Tom could still do that better.
I think Tom could stop Mary from doing that.
I think Tom could talk Mary into doing that.
I think Tom could talk Mary out of doing that.
I think Tom could teach Mary how to do that.
I think Tom could teach Mary how to drive.
I think Tom could teach you French.
I think Tom could teach you how to do that.
I think Tom could teach you how to drive.
I think Tom could tell you who did that.
I think Tom could win if he tried his hardest.
I think Tom could've been a teacher.
I think Tom could've been offended by that.
I think Tom could've been reluctant to do that.
I think Tom could've been tempted to do that.
I think Tom could've done that better.
I think Tom could've done that by himself.
I think Tom could've done that faster by himself.
I think Tom could've done that for Mary if he'd needed to.
I think Tom could've done that for Mary if he'd wanted to.
I think Tom could've done that on his own.
I think Tom could've done that without Mary's help.
I think Tom could've done that without my help.
I think Tom could've done that without your help.
I think Tom could've done that.
I think Tom could've gotten home by himself.
I think Tom could've refused to do that.
I think Tom could've solved that problem by himself.
I think Tom could've stopped Mary from doing that.
I think Tom couldn't have done that without Mary.
I think Tom couldn't hear what you were saying.
I think Tom couldn't stop himself from doing that.
I think Tom cried.
I think Tom crossed the line.
I think Tom deliberately misled us.
I think Tom deserves a better position.
I think Tom deserves a hand.
I think Tom deserves a higher salary.
I think Tom deserves a second chance.
I think Tom deserves an opportunity to try doing that.
I think Tom deserves that.
I think Tom deserves the award.
I think Tom deserves the reward.
I think Tom did a fine job.
I think Tom did a good job.
I think Tom did a great job.
I think Tom did a really nice job.
I think Tom did exactly what he said he did.
I think Tom did it.
I think Tom did really well.
I think Tom did something he shouldn't have.
I think Tom did something wrong.
I think Tom did that better this time.
I think Tom did that by himself last Monday.
I think Tom did that by himself.
I think Tom did that by mistake.
I think Tom did that in October.
I think Tom did that incorrectly.
I think Tom did that intentionally.
I think Tom did that just to annoy Mary.
I think Tom did that last week.
I think Tom did that on Monday.
I think Tom did that on October 20th.
I think Tom did that on purpose.
I think Tom did that once.
I think Tom did that pretty well.
I think Tom did that really well.
I think Tom did that right.
I think Tom did that subconsciously.
I think Tom did that to make Mary jealous.
I think Tom did that with Mary.
I think Tom did that wrong.
I think Tom did that yesterday, but I'm not sure.
I think Tom did that yesterday.
I think Tom did that, but I could be wrong.
I think Tom did that, but I may be wrong.
I think Tom did that, even though he said he didn't.
I think Tom did that.
I think Tom did the best he could.
I think Tom did the right thing.
I think Tom did this on purpose.
I think Tom did this.
I think Tom did very good.
I think Tom did well.
I think Tom did what he said he did.
I think Tom didn't agree to do that.
I think Tom didn't believe me.
I think Tom didn't care.
I think Tom didn't do it.
I think Tom didn't do that by himself.
I think Tom didn't do that by mistake.
I think Tom didn't do that last week.
I think Tom didn't do that on Monday.
I think Tom didn't do that on October 20th.
I think Tom didn't do that on purpose.
I think Tom didn't do that right.
I think Tom didn't do that with Mary.
I think Tom didn't do that yesterday, but I'm not sure.
I think Tom didn't do that yesterday.
I think Tom didn't do that, but I could be wrong.
I think Tom didn't do that.
I think Tom didn't do what he said he did.
I think Tom didn't do what he said he would do.
I think Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I think Tom didn't even notice that.
I think Tom didn't everything he should have done.
I think Tom didn't everything he should've done.
I think Tom didn't expect that to happen.
I think Tom didn't expect to be here for so long.
I think Tom didn't get anything to eat.
I think Tom didn't go jogging yesterday, but I'm not sure.
I think Tom didn't go to Australia.
I think Tom didn't go to Boston.
I think Tom didn't go to the party with Mary.
I think Tom didn't have to do that alone.
I think Tom didn't have to do that.
I think Tom didn't have to leave so early.
I think Tom didn't intend to do that.
I think Tom didn't know Mary spoke French.
I think Tom didn't know how to do that.
I think Tom didn't know that Mary spoke French.
I think Tom didn't know what to do.
I think Tom didn't like the concert.
I think Tom didn't like the food.
I think Tom didn't like the stew.
I think Tom didn't mean to do that.
I think Tom didn't need to do that alone.
I think Tom didn't need to do that by himself.
I think Tom didn't need to do that.
I think Tom didn't need to leave so early.
I think Tom didn't really enjoy doing that.
I think Tom didn't recognize me.
I think Tom didn't see me yesterday.
I think Tom didn't tell Mary the truth.
I think Tom didn't tell us everything.
I think Tom didn't tell us the truth.
I think Tom didn't trust me.
I think Tom didn't understand the joke.
I think Tom didn't understand the question.
I think Tom didn't understand what he was supposed to do.
I think Tom didn't understand what you meant.
I think Tom didn't understand what you were saying.
I think Tom didn't understand you.
I think Tom didn't understand your explanation.
I think Tom didn't understand.
I think Tom didn't want Mary to go out with John.
I think Tom didn't want me to do that.
I think Tom didn't want our help.
I think Tom didn't want to be here today.
I think Tom didn't want to be on his own.
I think Tom didn't want to do that alone.
I think Tom didn't want to do that by himself.
I think Tom didn't want to do that.
I think Tom didn't want to hang out with you guys two nights in a row.
I think Tom didn't want to leave so early.
I think Tom didn't want to tell me where he'd been.
I think Tom didn't win.
I think Tom died on Monday.
I think Tom died on October 20th.
I think Tom died on October twentieth.
I think Tom died.
I think Tom does a fantastic job.
I think Tom does that all the time.
I think Tom does that at least once a day.
I think Tom does that better than Mary does.
I think Tom does that better than Mary.
I think Tom does that well.
I think Tom does that.
I think Tom doesn't agree with you.
I think Tom doesn't always do that.
I think Tom doesn't come here very often.
I think Tom doesn't do that.
I think Tom doesn't eat meat.
I think Tom doesn't enjoy doing that.
I think Tom doesn't have a dog.
I think Tom doesn't have a very good job.
I think Tom doesn't have any brothers.
I think Tom doesn't have the ability to solve the problem.
I think Tom doesn't have the courage to oppose Mary.
I think Tom doesn't have the strength to do that anymore.
I think Tom doesn't have to do that anymore.
I think Tom doesn't know Mary can speak French.
I think Tom doesn't know he's supposed to give a speech today.
I think Tom doesn't know how he's going to do that yet.
I think Tom doesn't know how to cook spaghetti.
I think Tom doesn't know how to do that.
I think Tom doesn't know how to get to Mary's place.
I think Tom doesn't know how to play this game.
I think Tom doesn't know how to speak French.
I think Tom doesn't know how to swim.
I think Tom doesn't know that Mary can speak French.
I think Tom doesn't know what to do.
I think Tom doesn't know where Mary lives.
I think Tom doesn't like Mary at all.
I think Tom doesn't like it here.
I think Tom doesn't like me all that much.
I think Tom doesn't like me very much.
I think Tom doesn't like talking about himself.
I think Tom doesn't like the kind of music I play.
I think Tom doesn't like the kind of music that I play.
I think Tom doesn't like the way I make spaghetti.
I think Tom doesn't like the way that I make spaghetti.
I think Tom doesn't like to ski.
I think Tom doesn't live anywhere near here.
I think Tom doesn't live very near the school he goes to.
I think Tom doesn't love his wife anymore.
I think Tom doesn't love me anymore.
I think Tom doesn't need me to do that.
I think Tom doesn't need to do that anymore.
I think Tom doesn't realize how charming he is.
I think Tom doesn't really care.
I think Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that.
I think Tom doesn't really have the courage to do that.
I think Tom doesn't really have to do that anymore.
I think Tom doesn't really like Mary very much.
I think Tom doesn't really need to do that anymore.
I think Tom doesn't really want to do that anymore.
I think Tom doesn't remember me.
I think Tom doesn't speak French very often.
I think Tom doesn't speak French very well, but I could be wrong.
I think Tom doesn't speak French very well.
I think Tom doesn't swim very often, but I could be wrong.
I think Tom doesn't swim very often.
I think Tom doesn't understand French.
I think Tom doesn't want me to do that.
I think Tom doesn't want our help.
I think Tom doesn't want to do that anymore.
I think Tom doesn't want to do that right now.
I think Tom doesn't want to do that today.
I think Tom doesn't want to do that.
I think Tom doesn't want to go to the dance with Mary.
I think Tom doesn't want to tell the truth.
I think Tom doesn't want to tell us the truth.
I think Tom doesn't win very often when he plays chess.
I think Tom doesn’t have the ability to solve the problem.
I think Tom doesn’t have the courage to oppose Mary.
I think Tom drank out of my glass by mistake.
I think Tom dyes his hair.
I think Tom eats too much meat.
I think Tom enjoyed doing that.
I think Tom enjoyed it.
I think Tom enjoyed singing with us.
I think Tom enjoys doing that.
I think Tom enjoys studying French, but I'm not sure.
I think Tom even likes Mary.
I think Tom expected Mary to agree with him.
I think Tom expected Mary to ask him to do that.
I think Tom expected Mary to ask him to stay.
I think Tom expected Mary to get here earlier.
I think Tom expected Mary to hug him.
I think Tom expected Mary to kiss him.
I think Tom expected me to do that.
I think Tom expected me to pay for the tickets.
I think Tom expected this all along.
I think Tom expects too much from us.
I think Tom expects us to wait for him.
I think Tom feels differently.
I think Tom feels relieved.
I think Tom feels the same way.
I think Tom fell asleep waiting.
I think Tom fell down.
I think Tom fell.
I think Tom felt a bit threatened.
I think Tom felt exactly the same way.
I think Tom forgot his camera.
I think Tom forgot to do that.
I think Tom forgot to tell Mary what to do.
I think Tom found a new job.
I think Tom gave up too easily.
I think Tom gets the idea.
I think Tom goes to Australia at least once a year.
I think Tom goes to Boston at least once a year.
I think Tom got a good grade.
I think Tom got a little tired.
I think Tom got a raw deal.
I think Tom got back to Australia in October.
I think Tom got back to Boston in October.
I think Tom got banned.
I think Tom got home by himself last Monday.
I think Tom got home by himself.
I think Tom got hurt.
I think Tom got lost.
I think Tom got scared.
I think Tom had a good point.
I think Tom had a good reason.
I think Tom had a good time.
I think Tom had a great time.
I think Tom had a little too much to drink.
I think Tom had a lot to do with that.
I think Tom had a real good year.
I think Tom had better come back.
I think Tom had something to do with this.
I think Tom had time to do that.
I think Tom had to do that.
I think Tom had to go to Australia.
I think Tom had to go to Boston.
I think Tom hangs out with Mary too much.
I think Tom has a big advantage.
I think Tom has a bit of a creepy obsession with foreigners.
I think Tom has a car.
I think Tom has a cold.
I think Tom has a cousin in Australia.
I think Tom has a cousin in Boston.
I think Tom has a crush on Mary.
I think Tom has a dog.
I think Tom has a drinking problem.
I think Tom has a girlfriend already.
I think Tom has a headache.
I think Tom has a little crush on you.
I think Tom has a long way to go.
I think Tom has a lot of faith in Mary.
I think Tom has a plan.
I think Tom has a problem.
I think Tom has a secret admirer.
I think Tom has a thing for you.
I think Tom has a valid point.
I think Tom has agreed to do that.
I think Tom has already agreed to do that.
I think Tom has already done enough.
I think Tom has already done that.
I think Tom has already done what he needed to do.
I think Tom has already gone home.
I think Tom has already seen it.
I think Tom has already told us everything we need to know.
I think Tom has already tried doing that.
I think Tom has already tried to do that.
I think Tom has antisocial personality disorder.
I think Tom has been barking up the wrong tree.
I think Tom has been conning us.
I think Tom has been crying.
I think Tom has been disloyal.
I think Tom has been doing a pretty good job.
I think Tom has been doing that.
I think Tom has been expecting this to happen.
I think Tom has been here already.
I think Tom has been here.
I think Tom has been lying to me.
I think Tom has been punished enough.
I think Tom has been seeing somebody else.
I think Tom has been seeing someone else.
I think Tom has been stealing from us.
I think Tom has been suspended.
I think Tom has been to Australia at least once.
I think Tom has been to Australia at least one time.
I think Tom has been to Boston at least once.
I think Tom has been to Boston at least one time.
I think Tom has been trying to impress me.
I think Tom has been up to something.
I think Tom has been very lucky.
I think Tom has been wrongfully accused.
I think Tom has calmed down.
I think Tom has come to make trouble.
I think Tom has considered doing that.
I think Tom has decided to study French instead.
I think Tom has died.
I think Tom has done a good job.
I think Tom has done a great job.
I think Tom has done a nice job.
I think Tom has done that already.
I think Tom has done that at least once.
I think Tom has done that at least one time.
I think Tom has done that before.
I think Tom has done that once or twice.
I think Tom has done that once.
I think Tom has done that.
I think Tom has done this before.
I think Tom has fallen asleep.
I think Tom has fallen in love.
I think Tom has feelings for you.
I think Tom has finally fallen asleep.
I think Tom has forgotten how to do that.
I think Tom has forgotten me.
I think Tom has given up hope.
I think Tom has gone away.
I think Tom has gone out for a walk.
I think Tom has gone to Australia.
I think Tom has gone to Boston.
I think Tom has gone.
I think Tom has had a tough day.
I think Tom has high blood pressure.
I think Tom has learned his lesson.
I think Tom has left.
I think Tom has lied to us.
I think Tom has lost his confidence.
I think Tom has lost his mind.
I think Tom has made a good decision.
I think Tom has made a mistake.
I think Tom has measles.
I think Tom has misunderstood me.
I think Tom has more than only a passing interest in what happens to me.
I think Tom has mythomania.
I think Tom has never been to Australia.
I think Tom has never been to Boston.
I think Tom has never done that before.
I think Tom has never done that by himself before.
I think Tom has never done that by himself.
I think Tom has never done that.
I think Tom has never done this before.
I think Tom has never fallen in love.
I think Tom has never seen this before.
I think Tom has no chance of winning.
I think Tom has no ulterior motives.
I think Tom has passed away.
I think Tom has passed out.
I think Tom has personal problems.
I think Tom has relatives in Australia.
I think Tom has relatives in Boston.
I think Tom has seen too much.
I think Tom has serious problems at home.
I think Tom has some friends in Australia.
I think Tom has some friends in Boston.
I think Tom has some relatives in Australia.
I think Tom has some relatives in Boston.
I think Tom has something to hide.
I think Tom has spent time in jail.
I think Tom has spent time in prison.
I think Tom has spoken to you about it.
I think Tom has started already.
I think Tom has stopped breathing.
I think Tom has suffered enough.
I think Tom has the ability to do that.
I think Tom has the ability to solve his problems on his own.
I think Tom has the hots for you.
I think Tom has the right to get to know his birth parents.
I think Tom has the right to meet his birth parents.
I think Tom has three options.
I think Tom has to be shown how to do that.
I think Tom has to be told not to do that.
I think Tom has to do that again.
I think Tom has to do that.
I think Tom has to go potty.
I think Tom has to go to Australia.
I think Tom has to go to Boston.
I think Tom has to go to the bathroom.
I think Tom has to move on.
I think Tom has ulterior motives.
I think Tom has your umbrella.
I think Tom hasn't agreed to do that.
I think Tom hasn't decided yet.
I think Tom hasn't done enough yet.
I think Tom hasn't done that since October.
I think Tom hasn't done that yet.
I think Tom hasn't done that.
I think Tom hasn't gotten around to doing that yet.
I think Tom hasn't heard the news yet.
I think Tom hasn't left yet.
I think Tom hasn't made a decision yet.
I think Tom hasn't yet done enough.
I think Tom hates Mary.
I think Tom hates it when Mary makes him wait.
I think Tom hates me.
I think Tom hates my dog.
I think Tom hates the way I sing.
I think Tom hates us.
I think Tom hates waiting for me.
I think Tom hates you.
I think Tom heard Mary.
I think Tom heard me.
I think Tom heard you.
I think Tom hurt Mary.
I think Tom hurt his leg.
I think Tom impressed them.
I think Tom injured himself.
I think Tom intends to win.
I think Tom intentionally did that.
I think Tom is Mary's boyfriend.
I think Tom is Mary's older brother.
I think Tom is Mary's son.
I think Tom is OK.
I think Tom is a CPA.
I think Tom is a Canadian.
I think Tom is a Christian.
I think Tom is a bad person.
I think Tom is a better teacher than I am.
I think Tom is a bit depressed.
I think Tom is a bit eccentric.
I think Tom is a bit tipsy.
I think Tom is a bit too impatient.
I think Tom is a cat.
I think Tom is a charlatan.
I think Tom is a competent person.
I think Tom is a cop.
I think Tom is a couple of inches taller than Mary.
I think Tom is a couple of years older than me.
I think Tom is a coward.
I think Tom is a creative guy.
I think Tom is a creative person.
I think Tom is a creep.
I think Tom is a dangerous psychopath.
I think Tom is a dental student.
I think Tom is a fairly decent golfer.
I think Tom is a few inches shorter than Mary is.
I think Tom is a few inches shorter than Mary.
I think Tom is a few months older than Mary is.
I think Tom is a few months older than Mary.
I think Tom is a fool.
I think Tom is a freelance computer programmer.
I think Tom is a friend of a friend of Mary's.
I think Tom is a genius.
I think Tom is a ghost.
I think Tom is a gifted actor.
I think Tom is a good boy.
I think Tom is a good coach.
I think Tom is a good cook.
I think Tom is a good dancer.
I think Tom is a good driver.
I think Tom is a good lawyer.
I think Tom is a good leader.
I think Tom is a good listener.
I think Tom is a good man.
I think Tom is a good neighbor.
I think Tom is a good painter.
I think Tom is a good person.
I think Tom is a good swimmer.
I think Tom is a good teacher.
I think Tom is a good writer.
I think Tom is a great guy.
I think Tom is a hero for what he did.
I think Tom is a hero.
I think Tom is a high school senior.
I think Tom is a janitor at the school where Mary teaches.
I think Tom is a liar.
I think Tom is a likable guy.
I think Tom is a likeable guy.
I think Tom is a little nervous about this.
I think Tom is a little paranoid.
I think Tom is a little shy.
I think Tom is a little too optimistic.
I think Tom is a loser.
I think Tom is a lot better chess player than Mary.
I think Tom is a lot better player than you.
I think Tom is a lot better singer than Mary.
I think Tom is a lot better singer than you.
I think Tom is a lot better swimmer than you.
I think Tom is a lot busier this week than he was last week.
I think Tom is a man of ability.
I think Tom is a mechanic.
I think Tom is a much better driver than you are.
I think Tom is a much better driver than you.
I think Tom is a mythomaniac.
I think Tom is a nice guy.
I think Tom is a nice name.
I think Tom is a policeman.
I think Tom is a pretty good artist.
I think Tom is a pretty good backup singer.
I think Tom is a pretty good painter.
I think Tom is a pretty remarkable person.
I think Tom is a really good coach.
I think Tom is a really good cook.
I think Tom is a really nice guy.
I think Tom is a really nice kid.
I think Tom is a retired truck driver.
I think Tom is a slob.
I think Tom is a strange guy.
I think Tom is a student at Harvard.
I think Tom is a student at the university where I used to teach.
I think Tom is a student.
I think Tom is a terrible father.
I think Tom is a terrific kid.
I think Tom is a third-year law student.
I think Tom is a very good player.
I think Tom is a very intelligent guy.
I think Tom is a very kind man.
I think Tom is a very kind person.
I think Tom is a very strange guy.
I think Tom is a very talented musician.
I think Tom is a winner.
I think Tom is a workaholic.
I think Tom is able to do that.
I think Tom is able to play the harmonica as well as Mary does.
I think Tom is able to play the harmonica as well as Mary.
I think Tom is about half Mary's age.
I think Tom is about the same age as I am.
I think Tom is about the same age as me.
I think Tom is about the same height as you are.
I think Tom is about the same height as you.
I think Tom is about the same weight as Mary.
I think Tom is about thirty years old.
I think Tom is about thirty.
I think Tom is about three years older than Mary is.
I think Tom is about three years older than Mary.
I think Tom is about three years younger than Mary is.
I think Tom is about three years younger than Mary.
I think Tom is about to cry.
I think Tom is about to go home.
I think Tom is about to leave.
I think Tom is about to start crying.
I think Tom is absent because he has the flu.
I think Tom is absent-minded.
I think Tom is absent.
I think Tom is absolutely right.
I think Tom is acquainted with Mary.
I think Tom is acting a little suspicious.
I think Tom is actually a good bloke.
I think Tom is adaptable.
I think Tom is addicted to gambling.
I think Tom is adopted.
I think Tom is adorable.
I think Tom is adventurous.
I think Tom is afraid he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I think Tom is afraid he might lose everything.
I think Tom is afraid of Mary's dog.
I think Tom is afraid of Mary.
I think Tom is afraid of my dog.
I think Tom is afraid of snakes.
I think Tom is afraid of spiders.
I think Tom is afraid of the dark.
I think Tom is afraid of us.
I think Tom is afraid of you.
I think Tom is afraid of your dog.
I think Tom is afraid people might laugh at him.
I think Tom is afraid that he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I think Tom is afraid that he might lose everything.
I think Tom is afraid.
I think Tom is aggressive.
I think Tom is agnostic.
I think Tom is alive.
I think Tom is all packed and ready to go.
I think Tom is all right at the moment.
I think Tom is all right.
I think Tom is allergic to cats.
I think Tom is allergic to peanuts.
I think Tom is almost as tall as Mary is.
I think Tom is almost as tall as Mary.
I think Tom is almost as tall as his father.
I think Tom is almost as tall as you are.
I think Tom is almost as tall as you.
I think Tom is almost deaf.
I think Tom is almost done for today.
I think Tom is almost six feet tall.
I think Tom is almost thirty now.
I think Tom is alone in his room.
I think Tom is alone.
I think Tom is already able to do that.
I think Tom is already asleep.
I think Tom is already dead.
I think Tom is already here.
I think Tom is already on the plane.
I think Tom is amazing.
I think Tom is ambidextrous.
I think Tom is ambitious.
I think Tom is amused by what's going on.
I think Tom is amusing.
I think Tom is an idiot.
I think Tom is an undercover cop.
I think Tom is angry.
I think Tom is annoyed.
I think Tom is annoying.
I think Tom is anxious to do that.
I think Tom is arrogant.
I think Tom is articulate.
I think Tom is artistic.
I think Tom is ashamed.
I think Tom is asleep.
I think Tom is at least partially to blame.
I think Tom is athletic.
I think Tom is attentive.
I think Tom is autistic.
I think Tom is available.
I think Tom is average.
I think Tom is awake.
I think Tom is awesome.
I think Tom is back from Australia.
I think Tom is back from Boston.
I think Tom is back.
I think Tom is bad-tempered.
I think Tom is bad.
I think Tom is bald.
I think Tom is beating around the bush.
I think Tom is beginning to lose his mind.
I think Tom is behind it.
I think Tom is being blackmailed.
I think Tom is being disrespectful.
I think Tom is being fake.
I think Tom is being hypocritical.
I think Tom is being reasonable.
I think Tom is being sarcastic.
I think Tom is believable.
I think Tom is better looking than John.
I think Tom is biased.
I think Tom is big-headed.
I think Tom is bilingual.
I think Tom is bipolar.
I think Tom is blind.
I think Tom is bored.
I think Tom is boring.
I think Tom is bossy.
I think Tom is brave.
I think Tom is bright.
I think Tom is brilliant.
I think Tom is broad-minded.
I think Tom is broke.
I think Tom is busy.
I think Tom is callous.
I think Tom is calm.
I think Tom is camping by himself.
I think Tom is careful.
I think Tom is careless.
I think Tom is charismatic.
I think Tom is charming.
I think Tom is cheating.
I think Tom is cheerful.
I think Tom is chubby.
I think Tom is clever enough to solve this problem.
I think Tom is clever.
I think Tom is cold.
I think Tom is colorblind.
I think Tom is coming on to you.
I think Tom is coming over.
I think Tom is coming to Australia next weekend.
I think Tom is coming to Boston next weekend.
I think Tom is coming.
I think Tom is compassionate.
I think Tom is competent.
I think Tom is concealing something from me.
I think Tom is conceited.
I think Tom is concerned.
I think Tom is confident.
I think Tom is confused.
I think Tom is conning us.
I think Tom is conscientious.
I think Tom is conservative.
I think Tom is considerate.
I think Tom is considering doing that.
I think Tom is contented.
I think Tom is cool.
I think Tom is cooperative.
I think Tom is correct.
I think Tom is courageous.
I think Tom is courteous.
I think Tom is crazy.
I think Tom is creative.
I think Tom is creepy.
I think Tom is crying.
I think Tom is curious about that.
I think Tom is curious.
I think Tom is cute.
I think Tom is dancing.
I think Tom is dangerous.
I think Tom is dead.
I think Tom is deaf.
I think Tom is deceitful.
I think Tom is dedicated.
I think Tom is delirious.
I think Tom is delusional.
I think Tom is demented.
I think Tom is dependable.
I think Tom is depraved.
I think Tom is depressed.
I think Tom is deranged.
I think Tom is desperate to do that.
I think Tom is desperate.
I think Tom is determined to do that.
I think Tom is devastated.
I think Tom is devious.
I think Tom is different.
I think Tom is difficult to get along with.
I think Tom is disappointed.
I think Tom is discontented.
I think Tom is discouraged.
I think Tom is discreet.
I think Tom is disgusted.
I think Tom is disgusting.
I think Tom is dishonest.
I think Tom is displeased.
I think Tom is distinguished.
I think Tom is distracted.
I think Tom is distraught.
I think Tom is distressed.
I think Tom is disturbed.
I think Tom is divorced.
I think Tom is doing a fine job.
I think Tom is doing a good job.
I think Tom is doing a pretty good job for us.
I think Tom is doing great.
I think Tom is doing his best.
I think Tom is doing something illegal.
I think Tom is doing that as well.
I think Tom is doing that now.
I think Tom is doing that right now.
I think Tom is doing that the wrong way.
I think Tom is doing that, but I'm not sure.
I think Tom is doing that, too.
I think Tom is doing that.
I think Tom is doing well.
I think Tom is done.
I think Tom is doubtful.
I think Tom is downstairs.
I think Tom is drinking either beer or wine, but I don't really know.
I think Tom is drunk.
I think Tom is dubious.
I think Tom is dying to do that.
I think Tom is dying.
I think Tom is eager to do that.
I think Tom is easygoing.
I think Tom is eating right now.
I think Tom is effective.
I think Tom is efficient.
I think Tom is egotistical.
I think Tom is elderly.
I think Tom is embarrassed.
I think Tom is engaged.
I think Tom is enjoying himself.
I think Tom is entirely wrong about Mary.
I think Tom is evil.
I think Tom is exaggerating a little.
I think Tom is exaggerating.
I think Tom is excited.
I think Tom is exciting.
I think Tom is exhausted.
I think Tom is expecting both of us.
I think Tom is expecting somebody to help him.
I think Tom is expecting somebody to make dinner for him.
I think Tom is expecting somebody to make him dinner.
I think Tom is expecting somebody.
I think Tom is expecting someone to help him.
I think Tom is expecting someone to make dinner for him.
I think Tom is expecting someone to make him dinner.
I think Tom is expecting someone.
I think Tom is expecting us both.
I think Tom is fair.
I think Tom is fantastic.
I think Tom is fascinated.
I think Tom is fast.
I think Tom is fat.
I think Tom is feeling a little stressed.
I think Tom is feeling better.
I think Tom is finally asleep.
I think Tom is fine.
I think Tom is finicky.
I think Tom is finished doing that.
I think Tom is finished.
I think Tom is fit.
I think Tom is flabbergasted.
I think Tom is flabby.
I think Tom is flattered.
I think Tom is flexible.
I think Tom is flustered.
I think Tom is focused.
I think Tom is following me.
I think Tom is foolish.
I think Tom is forgetful.
I think Tom is fortunate.
I think Tom is freaked.
I think Tom is free.
I think Tom is friendly.
I think Tom is frightened.
I think Tom is from Australia, but I may be wrong.
I think Tom is from Australia, but I'm not sure.
I think Tom is from Australia.
I think Tom is from Boston.
I think Tom is frustrated.
I think Tom is full.
I think Tom is funny.
I think Tom is furious.
I think Tom is fussy.
I think Tom is generous.
I think Tom is getting a little tired of doing that.
I think Tom is getting better.
I think Tom is getting more suspicious.
I think Tom is getting ready.
I think Tom is getting tired of doing that.
I think Tom is glad that that's going to happen.
I think Tom is going to Australia next month.
I think Tom is going to Boston next month.
I think Tom is going to a concert tonight.
I think Tom is going to ask for a promotion.
I think Tom is going to be OK.
I think Tom is going to be acquitted.
I think Tom is going to be all right.
I think Tom is going to be at the party.
I think Tom is going to be busy tomorrow afternoon.
I think Tom is going to be doing that.
I think Tom is going to be fine.
I think Tom is going to be here later.
I think Tom is going to be homeless soon.
I think Tom is going to be hungry when he gets home.
I think Tom is going to be late.
I think Tom is going to be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.
I think Tom is going to be tired when he gets home.
I think Tom is going to call you.
I think Tom is going to come back.
I think Tom is going to confess.
I think Tom is going to cry.
I think Tom is going to die soon.
I think Tom is going to die.
I think Tom is going to do his best.
I think Tom is going to do something drastic.
I think Tom is going to do that again.
I think Tom is going to do that as well.
I think Tom is going to do that for us.
I think Tom is going to do that in Australia next week.
I think Tom is going to do that in Boston next week.
I think Tom is going to do that soon.
I think Tom is going to do that today.
I think Tom is going to do that tomorrow.
I think Tom is going to do that tonight.
I think Tom is going to do that, too.
I think Tom is going to do that.
I think Tom is going to do the same thing he did yesterday.
I think Tom is going to do this again.
I think Tom is going to dump Mary.
I think Tom is going to faint.
I think Tom is going to find Mary.
I think Tom is going to find me.
I think Tom is going to get fired soon.
I think Tom is going to get fired.
I think Tom is going to get lost.
I think Tom is going to get mad at Mary.
I think Tom is going to get mad at me.
I think Tom is going to get the ax.
I think Tom is going to go there.
I think Tom is going to have a hard time doing that.
I think Tom is going to have problems.
I think Tom is going to hurt Mary.
I think Tom is going to like it here.
I think Tom is going to like you.
I think Tom is going to lose.
I think Tom is going to love it here.
I think Tom is going to love it.
I think Tom is going to love the food.
I think Tom is going to love this book.
I think Tom is going to miss us.
I think Tom is going to pass out.
I think Tom is going to pass the examination.
I think Tom is going to propose to me.
I think Tom is going to propose to you tonight.
I think Tom is going to resign.
I think Tom is going to that party.
I think Tom is going to try to escape.
I think Tom is going to try to kill Mary.
I think Tom is going to try to kill you.
I think Tom is going to wake up soon.
I think Tom is going to want to see this.
I think Tom is going to want to sit down.
I think Tom is going to win again tomorrow.
I think Tom is going to win.
I think Tom is gone now.
I think Tom is gone.
I think Tom is good-looking.
I think Tom is good.
I think Tom is great.
I think Tom is greedy.
I think Tom is grief-stricken.
I think Tom is groggy.
I think Tom is guilty.
I think Tom is gullible.
I think Tom is hammered.
I think Tom is handling it well.
I think Tom is handsome.
I think Tom is happy.
I think Tom is hard-working.
I think Tom is hardworking.
I think Tom is harmless.
I think Tom is harsh.
I think Tom is having a good time.
I think Tom is having a hard time doing that.
I think Tom is having an affair.
I think Tom is having an asthma attack.
I think Tom is having fun.
I think Tom is having serious money problems.
I think Tom is healthy.
I think Tom is heartbroken.
I think Tom is helpful.
I think Tom is here already.
I think Tom is here.
I think Tom is heroic.
I think Tom is hesitant.
I think Tom is hiding from Mary.
I think Tom is hiding something from Mary.
I think Tom is hiding something from me.
I think Tom is hiding something from us.
I think Tom is hiding something.
I think Tom is high.
I think Tom is hilarious.
I think Tom is hitting on you.
I think Tom is home.
I think Tom is homesick.
I think Tom is honest.
I think Tom is horrible.
I think Tom is hot.
I think Tom is humorous.
I think Tom is hungry.
I think Tom is hurt.
I think Tom is hurt. Blood is coming out of his head!
I think Tom is hyperactive.
I think Tom is hypocritical.
I think Tom is ill.
I think Tom is illiterate.
I think Tom is imaginative.
I think Tom is immature.
I think Tom is immoral.
I think Tom is impartial.
I think Tom is impatient to do that.
I think Tom is impatient.
I think Tom is impolite.
I think Tom is impressed by Mary's plan.
I think Tom is impressed.
I think Tom is improving.
I think Tom is in Australia.
I think Tom is in Boston.
I think Tom is in danger.
I think Tom is in great shape.
I think Tom is in his garden.
I think Tom is in his office on Mondays.
I think Tom is in his office.
I think Tom is in love with Mary.
I think Tom is in love with his secretary.
I think Tom is in love with me.
I think Tom is in love with you.
I think Tom is in love.
I think Tom is in shock.
I think Tom is in the bathroom.
I think Tom is in the front yard.
I think Tom is in the garden.
I think Tom is in the kitchen washing dishes.
I think Tom is in there.
I think Tom is in trouble.
I think Tom is in.
I think Tom is incompetent.
I think Tom is inconsiderate.
I think Tom is incorrect.
I think Tom is incorrigible.
I think Tom is incredible.
I think Tom is incredibly talented.
I think Tom is inefficient.
I think Tom is inflexible.
I think Tom is influential.
I think Tom is infuriated.
I think Tom is innocent.
I think Tom is insane.
I think Tom is insecure.
I think Tom is insensitive.
I think Tom is insightful.
I think Tom is insincere.
I think Tom is intelligent.
I think Tom is intense.
I think Tom is interested in Mary.
I think Tom is interested in doing that.
I think Tom is interested.
I think Tom is interesting.
I think Tom is interfering.
I think Tom is intoxicated.
I think Tom is intrigued.
I think Tom is introverted.
I think Tom is irreplaceable.
I think Tom is irresistible.
I think Tom is irresponsible.
I think Tom is irritated.
I think Tom is jealous of you.
I think Tom is jealous.
I think Tom is joking.
I think Tom is just a little scared.
I think Tom is just confused.
I think Tom is just curious.
I think Tom is just looking for a little attention.
I think Tom is just pretending to be asleep.
I think Tom is just sleepy.
I think Tom is just tired.
I think Tom is just trying to be practical.
I think Tom is kind.
I think Tom is kissing Mary now.
I think Tom is lazy.
I think Tom is leaving Australia at the end of the semester.
I think Tom is leaving Boston at the end of the semester.
I think Tom is leaving me.
I think Tom is likable.
I think Tom is like that.
I think Tom is likeable.
I think Tom is likely to be able to do that.
I think Tom is likely to be home on Monday.
I think Tom is likely to be home on October 20th.
I think Tom is likely to be late.
I think Tom is likely to be there tonight.
I think Tom is likely to be very hungry by the time he gets home tonight.
I think Tom is likely to cry.
I think Tom is likely to do that later.
I think Tom is likely to do that.
I think Tom is likely to go to Australia in the near future.
I think Tom is likely to go to Boston in the near future.
I think Tom is likely to know how to do that.
I think Tom is likely to leave tomorrow.
I think Tom is likely to like this movie.
I think Tom is likely to resign.
I think Tom is likely to win.
I think Tom is literate.
I think Tom is living in Australia now.
I think Tom is living in Boston now.
I think Tom is lonely.
I think Tom is looking at us.
I think Tom is looking for his keys.
I think Tom is looking for us.
I think Tom is losing his mind.
I think Tom is losing his touch.
I think Tom is lost.
I think Tom is lovable.
I think Tom is loveable.
I think Tom is loyal.
I think Tom is lucky.
I think Tom is lying to me.
I think Tom is lying.
I think Tom is mad.
I think Tom is making fun of me.
I think Tom is making progress.
I think Tom is married.
I think Tom is mean.
I think Tom is miserable.
I think Tom is mistaken.
I think Tom is moody.
I think Tom is more intelligent than Mary.
I think Tom is more likely to do that today than he was yesterday.
I think Tom is motivated to do that.
I think Tom is motivated.
I think Tom is much busier than Mary is.
I think Tom is much busier than Mary.
I think Tom is much friendlier than Mary is.
I think Tom is much friendlier than Mary.
I think Tom is much more intelligent than Mary is.
I think Tom is much more intelligent than Mary.
I think Tom is much smarter than Mary is.
I think Tom is much smarter than Mary.
I think Tom is much younger than Mary.
I think Tom is naive.
I think Tom is narrow-minded.
I think Tom is nasty.
I think Tom is nervous.
I think Tom is neurotic.
I think Tom is next.
I think Tom is nice.
I think Tom is normal.
I think Tom is nosy.
I think Tom is nuts.
I think Tom is obedient.
I think Tom is obese.
I think Tom is objective.
I think Tom is obnoxious.
I think Tom is obsessive.
I think Tom is obstinate.
I think Tom is odd.
I think Tom is offended.
I think Tom is old.
I think Tom is on drugs.
I think Tom is on our side, but I'm not sure.
I think Tom is on the front porch, reading a book.
I think Tom is on the front porch.
I think Tom is on vacation.
I think Tom is only pretending to be asleep.
I think Tom is open-minded.
I think Tom is optimistic.
I think Tom is organized.
I think Tom is out in the yard raking leaves.
I think Tom is out on the balcony talking with Mary.
I think Tom is out on the porch talking to Mary.
I think Tom is out on the porch.
I think Tom is out.
I think Tom is outgoing.
I think Tom is outside.
I think Tom is over thirty.
I think Tom is overemotional.
I think Tom is overly optimistic.
I think Tom is overpaid.
I think Tom is overweight.
I think Tom is overwhelmed.
I think Tom is overworked.
I think Tom is pathetic.
I think Tom is patient.
I think Tom is perfect for Mary.
I think Tom is perfect.
I think Tom is perplexed.
I think Tom is persistent.
I think Tom is persuasive.
I think Tom is pessimistic.
I think Tom is petty.
I think Tom is photogenic.
I think Tom is planning a trip.
I think Tom is planning on doing that tomorrow.
I think Tom is planning to do that tomorrow.
I think Tom is planning to start doing that tomorrow.
I think Tom is pleased.
I think Tom is polite.
I think Tom is pompous.
I think Tom is poor.
I think Tom is popular.
I think Tom is positive.
I think Tom is possessive.
I think Tom is prejudiced.
I think Tom is prepared.
I think Tom is pretty angry.
I think Tom is pretty cute, too.
I think Tom is pretty good at French.
I think Tom is pretty good at baseball.
I think Tom is pretty good at doing that.
I think Tom is pretty good at sports.
I think Tom is pretty happy about it.
I think Tom is probably a pretty good lawyer.
I think Tom is probably almost home by now.
I think Tom is probably asleep.
I think Tom is probably awake by now.
I think Tom is probably better at French than you think he is.
I think Tom is probably better at chess than you think he is.
I think Tom is probably better at doing that than you think he is.
I think Tom is probably in Boston by now.
I think Tom is probably older than you think he is.
I think Tom is probably right, too.
I think Tom is probably right.
I think Tom is probably suspicious.
I think Tom is probably wrong.
I think Tom is probably younger than you think he is.
I think Tom is progressing.
I think Tom is psyched.
I think Tom is psychic.
I think Tom is pulling your leg.
I think Tom is pushy.
I think Tom is putting the moves on you.
I think Tom is puzzled.
I think Tom is quicker.
I think Tom is quite curious.
I think Tom is quite right.
I think Tom is ready.
I think Tom is really a good guy.
I think Tom is really fat.
I think Tom is really going to like this.
I think Tom is really nice.
I think Tom is really smart.
I think Tom is really talented.
I think Tom is reckless.
I think Tom is relaxed.
I think Tom is reliable.
I think Tom is relieved.
I think Tom is reluctant to do that.
I think Tom is remorseful.
I think Tom is resourceful.
I think Tom is responsible for what happened.
I think Tom is responsible.
I think Tom is retired by now.
I think Tom is retired.
I think Tom is rich.
I think Tom is right.
I think Tom is romantic.
I think Tom is royalty.
I think Tom is rude.
I think Tom is sad.
I think Tom is safe.
I think Tom is sane.
I think Tom is satisfied.
I think Tom is saying yes.
I think Tom is scared now.
I think Tom is scared of you.
I think Tom is scared to talk to me.
I think Tom is scared.
I think Tom is schizophrenic.
I think Tom is secretly an alien.
I think Tom is seeing someone else.
I think Tom is self-centered.
I think Tom is self-conscious.
I think Tom is selfish.
I think Tom is senile.
I think Tom is sensible.
I think Tom is serious.
I think Tom is shaken.
I think Tom is shallow.
I think Tom is sharp.
I think Tom is shy.
I think Tom is sick of me.
I think Tom is sick.
I think Tom is sincere.
I think Tom is single.
I think Tom is sitting on the front porch, reading a book.
I think Tom is skeptical.
I think Tom is skinny.
I think Tom is sleeping.
I think Tom is sleepy.
I think Tom is sloshed.
I think Tom is slow.
I think Tom is smart because he's learning German.
I think Tom is smart.
I think Tom is smarter than Mary is.
I think Tom is smarter than Mary.
I think Tom is smarter than that.
I think Tom is smashed.
I think Tom is sneaky.
I think Tom is somewhat curious.
I think Tom is sorry.
I think Tom is starved.
I think Tom is still active.
I think Tom is still afraid to do that.
I think Tom is still afraid.
I think Tom is still alive.
I think Tom is still alone.
I think Tom is still angry.
I think Tom is still around.
I think Tom is still asleep.
I think Tom is still at home.
I think Tom is still awake.
I think Tom is still breathing.
I think Tom is still busy.
I think Tom is still cold.
I think Tom is still committed.
I think Tom is still confused.
I think Tom is still curious.
I think Tom is still dependable.
I think Tom is still depressed.
I think Tom is still desperate to do that.
I think Tom is still determined to do that.
I think Tom is still disorganized.
I think Tom is still doing that.
I think Tom is still downstairs.
I think Tom is still drunk.
I think Tom is still groggy.
I think Tom is still here.
I think Tom is still hesitant to do that.
I think Tom is still home.
I think Tom is still homeless.
I think Tom is still homesick.
I think Tom is still hungry.
I think Tom is still in Australia.
I think Tom is still in Boston.
I think Tom is still in love with Mary.
I think Tom is still in prison.
I think Tom is still influential.
I think Tom is still interested in doing that.
I think Tom is still interested.
I think Tom is still living in Australia.
I think Tom is still living in Boston.
I think Tom is still lonely.
I think Tom is still lost.
I think Tom is still mad.
I think Tom is still married.
I think Tom is still motivated to do that.
I think Tom is still motivated.
I think Tom is still nervous.
I think Tom is still optimistic.
I think Tom is still outside.
I think Tom is still poor.
I think Tom is still quicker at doing that than Mary.
I think Tom is still reluctant to do that.
I think Tom is still restless.
I think Tom is still scared.
I think Tom is still sick.
I think Tom is still single.
I think Tom is still skeptical.
I think Tom is still sleeping.
I think Tom is still sleepy.
I think Tom is still suspicious.
I think Tom is still tense.
I think Tom is still tired.
I think Tom is still unbeatable.
I think Tom is still unconscious.
I think Tom is still unconvinced.
I think Tom is still undecided.
I think Tom is still undefeated.
I think Tom is still undependable.
I think Tom is still under thirty.
I think Tom is still unemployed.
I think Tom is still unimpressed.
I think Tom is still unmarried.
I think Tom is still up.
I think Tom is still upset.
I think Tom is still worried.
I think Tom is stingy.
I think Tom is stoned.
I think Tom is stranded.
I think Tom is strange.
I think Tom is strict.
I think Tom is strong.
I think Tom is stubborn.
I think Tom is stuck-up.
I think Tom is stuffed.
I think Tom is stunned.
I think Tom is stupid.
I think Tom is successful.
I think Tom is suggesting that we should leave.
I think Tom is sure that's what Mary has to do.
I think Tom is sure that's what Mary needs to do.
I think Tom is sure that's what Mary wants to do.
I think Tom is sure that's what he has to do.
I think Tom is sure that's what he needs to do.
I think Tom is sure.
I think Tom is suspicious.
I think Tom is sympathetic.
I think Tom is tactful.
I think Tom is taking a nap.
I think Tom is talented.
I think Tom is talking to Mary about that right now.
I think Tom is talking to Mary now.
I think Tom is tall.
I think Tom is telling the truth.
I think Tom is tense.
I think Tom is terrified.
I think Tom is the guilty one.
I think Tom is the head vampire.
I think Tom is the one most likely to win the race.
I think Tom is the one that should make that decision.
I think Tom is the one we should ask to do that.
I think Tom is the one who did that.
I think Tom is the one who drew this picture.
I think Tom is the one who painted this fence.
I think Tom is the one who should do this.
I think Tom is the one who should make that decision.
I think Tom is the one who stole Mary's diamond ring.
I think Tom is the one who'll win.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to do that.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary about what happened.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't have to do that.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't need to do that.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she won't be allowed to do that.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary to do that.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary what needs to be done.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary what to do.
I think Tom is the only Canadian here.
I think Tom is the only Canadian on our team.
I think Tom is the only one here who doesn't know how to do that.
I think Tom is the only one here who doesn't know how to swim.
I think Tom is the only one here who isn't drinking.
I think Tom is the only one here who knows where Mary lives.
I think Tom is the only one in his family who can swim.
I think Tom is the only one in his family who can't swim.
I think Tom is the only one who can do that.
I think Tom is the only one who can't do that.
I think Tom is the only one who doesn't have to do that.
I think Tom is the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
I think Tom is the only one who doesn't need to do that.
I think Tom is the only one who doesn't want to do that.
I think Tom is the only one who has to do that.
I think Tom is the only one who knows how to do that.
I think Tom is the only one who needs to do that.
I think Tom is the only one who wants to do that.
I think Tom is the only one with a key.
I think Tom is the only one working here who can speak French.
I think Tom is the only vegetarian here.
I think Tom is the person who painted that picture.
I think Tom is the person who should be doing this instead of me.
I think Tom is the right man for the job.
I think Tom is thin.
I think Tom is thinking about something else.
I think Tom is thirsty.
I think Tom is thirty years old.
I think Tom is thirty.
I think Tom is three years older than Mary.
I think Tom is thrilled.
I think Tom is through doing that.
I think Tom is ticklish.
I think Tom is tidy.
I think Tom is timid.
I think Tom is tipsy.
I think Tom is tired.
I think Tom is too aggressive.
I think Tom is too assertive.
I think Tom is too beta for Mary.
I think Tom is too competitive.
I think Tom is too confident.
I think Tom is too demanding.
I think Tom is too lazy to do that.
I think Tom is too old for Mary.
I think Tom is too old for me.
I think Tom is too old for this job.
I think Tom is too old to be dating my daughter.
I think Tom is too outspoken.
I think Tom is too shy to talk to Mary.
I think Tom is too shy to talk to you.
I think Tom is too weak to do that.
I think Tom is too weak to win.
I think Tom is too young to be dating.
I think Tom is too young to really be in love.
I think Tom is too young to really understand women.
I think Tom is too young to retire.
I think Tom is too young.
I think Tom is tough.
I think Tom is trustworthy.
I think Tom is truthful.
I think Tom is trying to fall asleep.
I think Tom is trying to help.
I think Tom is trying to impress you.
I think Tom is trying to lose weight.
I think Tom is trying to say something.
I think Tom is trying to tell us something.
I think Tom is trying to trick us.
I think Tom is trying.
I think Tom is ugly.
I think Tom is unable to do that.
I think Tom is unafraid.
I think Tom is unambitious.
I think Tom is unaware of that.
I think Tom is unbeatable.
I think Tom is unbiased.
I think Tom is uncomfortable.
I think Tom is unconvinced.
I think Tom is undependable.
I think Tom is under thirty.
I think Tom is unemployed.
I think Tom is unfair.
I think Tom is unfriendly.
I think Tom is unhappy.
I think Tom is unimaginative.
I think Tom is unintelligent.
I think Tom is uninteresting.
I think Tom is unkind.
I think Tom is unlikeable.
I think Tom is unlucky.
I think Tom is unmarried.
I think Tom is unpleasant.
I think Tom is unpredictable.
I think Tom is unprejudiced.
I think Tom is unreliable.
I think Tom is unscrupulous.
I think Tom is unsophisticated.
I think Tom is unstable.
I think Tom is untidy.
I think Tom is untrustworthy.
I think Tom is up in the attic.
I think Tom is up to something.
I think Tom is up.
I think Tom is upset.
I think Tom is upstairs.
I think Tom is vain.
I think Tom is very angry.
I think Tom is very considerate.
I think Tom is very cool.
I think Tom is very curious.
I think Tom is very disorganized.
I think Tom is very sick.
I think Tom is very smart.
I think Tom is visiting Australia now.
I think Tom is visiting Boston now.
I think Tom is waiting for me.
I think Tom is waiting for someone to pick him up.
I think Tom is waiting for us.
I think Tom is waiting for you on the porch.
I think Tom is waiting for you right now.
I think Tom is watching The Flintstones.
I think Tom is watching me.
I think Tom is weak.
I think Tom is wealthy.
I think Tom is weird.
I think Tom is well.
I think Tom is willing.
I think Tom is winning.
I think Tom is wise.
I think Tom is withholding information from us.
I think Tom is witty.
I think Tom is working now.
I think Tom is worried.
I think Tom is wrong.
I think Tom is young.
I think Tom is younger than thirty.
I think Tom isn't Canadian.
I think Tom isn't a Canadian.
I think Tom isn't a driving instructor anymore.
I think Tom isn't a very good coach.
I think Tom isn't a very good cook.
I think Tom isn't a very good manager.
I think Tom isn't a very good singer.
I think Tom isn't a very safe driver.
I think Tom isn't able to do that anymore.
I think Tom isn't dependable.
I think Tom isn't doing that anymore.
I think Tom isn't doing that now.
I think Tom isn't doing that, but I'm not sure.
I think Tom isn't going to be busy this afternoon.
I think Tom isn't going to be here today.
I think Tom isn't going to do that anymore.
I think Tom isn't going to do that anytime soon.
I think Tom isn't going to do that today.
I think Tom isn't going to do that, either.
I think Tom isn't going to do that.
I think Tom isn't going to resign.
I think Tom isn't going to stop crying anytime soon.
I think Tom isn't going to stop doing that anytime soon.
I think Tom isn't going to win.
I think Tom isn't home.
I think Tom isn't in Australia now.
I think Tom isn't in Boston now.
I think Tom isn't joking around.
I think Tom isn't joking.
I think Tom isn't likely to go to Australia any time soon.
I think Tom isn't likely to go to Boston any time soon.
I think Tom isn't much older than Mary is.
I think Tom isn't much older than Mary.
I think Tom isn't quite as tall as his father.
I think Tom isn't right.
I think Tom isn't serious.
I think Tom isn't sure that's what Mary has to do.
I think Tom isn't sure that's what Mary needs to do.
I think Tom isn't sure that's what Mary wants to do.
I think Tom isn't sure that's what he has to do.
I think Tom isn't sure that's what he needs to do.
I think Tom isn't the first one to do that.
I think Tom isn't the right man for the job.
I think Tom isn't very happy.
I think Tom joined the Moonies.
I think Tom just lied to me.
I think Tom just likes to flirt. I'm sure he isn't serious if he says that I'm the only one for him or that he loves me.
I think Tom just needs a hug.
I think Tom just wanted more time to think about it.
I think Tom just wanted more time.
I think Tom just wants to be alone.
I think Tom killed Mary.
I think Tom killed himself.
I think Tom kind of likes Mary.
I think Tom kind of likes you.
I think Tom kissed Mary for the first time yesterday.
I think Tom kissed Mary yesterday.
I think Tom kissed Mary.
I think Tom knew Mary.
I think Tom knew exactly what he was doing.
I think Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.
I think Tom knew what Mary was thinking.
I think Tom knew when Mary was going to do that.
I think Tom knew where Mary was going to do that.
I think Tom knew.
I think Tom knows French.
I think Tom knows Mary.
I think Tom knows about John and Mary.
I think Tom knows already.
I think Tom knows he needs to help Mary today.
I think Tom knows he's supposed to give a speech today.
I think Tom knows how much time he'll need to do that.
I think Tom knows how to do that already.
I think Tom knows how to do that.
I think Tom knows how to fix it.
I think Tom knows how to play this game.
I think Tom knows more than he's admitting.
I think Tom knows something the rest of us don't.
I think Tom knows something.
I think Tom knows that.
I think Tom knows the answer.
I think Tom knows the truth about what happened.
I think Tom knows things that we don't.
I think Tom knows what he's doing.
I think Tom knows what he's talking about.
I think Tom knows what needs to be done.
I think Tom knows what time he's supposed to be here.
I think Tom knows what to do.
I think Tom knows what's at stake.
I think Tom knows where Mary lives.
I think Tom knows who did that.
I think Tom knows who lives in that house.
I think Tom knows who shot Mary.
I think Tom knows who shot him.
I think Tom knows who stole my wallet.
I think Tom knows why I'm here.
I think Tom knows why Mary isn't here.
I think Tom knows why we can't do that for Mary.
I think Tom knows why we couldn't do that for him.
I think Tom knows why.
I think Tom knows.
I think Tom laughed.
I think Tom left early.
I think Tom left.
I think Tom lied about how he did that.
I think Tom lied about where he'd been.
I think Tom lied to Mary.
I think Tom lied to us.
I think Tom lied.
I think Tom liked it.
I think Tom liked you.
I think Tom likes Mary.
I think Tom likes animals more than people.
I think Tom likes baseball.
I think Tom likes doing that by himself.
I think Tom likes doing that.
I think Tom likes hanging out with us.
I think Tom likes his job.
I think Tom likes it.
I think Tom likes me.
I think Tom likes playing tennis.
I think Tom likes strawberry ice cream.
I think Tom likes to do that.
I think Tom likes to play tennis.
I think Tom likes you.
I think Tom lived in Australia when he was in high school.
I think Tom lived in Boston when he was in high school.
I think Tom lives alone.
I think Tom lives here.
I think Tom lives in Australia.
I think Tom lives in Boston.
I think Tom lives on campus.
I think Tom looked better before he shaved his beard off.
I think Tom looked better before he shaved off his beard.
I think Tom looked happy.
I think Tom looks a lot like John.
I think Tom looks better with a beard.
I think Tom looks better without a beard.
I think Tom looks incredible.
I think Tom looks like John.
I think Tom looks like a teacher.
I think Tom looks really good.
I think Tom looks ridiculous.
I think Tom looks very handsome.
I think Tom loves Mary.
I think Tom loves me.
I think Tom made a big mistake.
I think Tom made a good decision.
I think Tom made a mistake.
I think Tom made it clear.
I think Tom made it up.
I think Tom made that mistake on purpose.
I think Tom made the right decision.
I think Tom made us a better team.
I think Tom may agree to do that.
I think Tom may be a genius.
I think Tom may be able to buy the kind of shoes he's looking for at the sports store on Park Street.
I think Tom may be able to do that for Mary.
I think Tom may be able to do that for us.
I think Tom may be able to do that if you help him.
I think Tom may be able to do that today.
I think Tom may be able to do that.
I think Tom may be dead.
I think Tom may be ghosting me.
I think Tom may be hurt.
I think Tom may be lonely.
I think Tom may be mentally ill.
I think Tom may be right this time.
I think Tom may be right.
I think Tom may be sick.
I think Tom may be telling the truth.
I think Tom may come to Australia for Thanksgiving.
I think Tom may come to Boston for Thanksgiving.
I think Tom may cry.
I think Tom may do that.
I think Tom may have a drinking problem.
I think Tom may have been confused.
I think Tom may have been drunk.
I think Tom may have been intoxicated.
I think Tom may have been the one who did this.
I think Tom may have done that.
I think Tom may have done this.
I think Tom may have fallen into the well.
I think Tom may have gotten lost.
I think Tom may leave on Monday.
I think Tom may leave on October 20th.
I think Tom may not be able to do that for us.
I think Tom may not be able to do that today.
I think Tom may not be able to do that.
I think Tom may speak French.
I think Tom may stay in Australia for another month.
I think Tom may stay in Boston for another month.
I think Tom may visit Australia on his next trip.
I think Tom may visit Boston on his next trip.
I think Tom may wait for us.
I think Tom may want to do that.
I think Tom may win.
I think Tom means just what he said.
I think Tom meant it.
I think Tom might actually do that.
I think Tom might actually want someone to kill him.
I think Tom might agree to do that.
I think Tom might be a cult leader.
I think Tom might be a little jealous.
I think Tom might be a little nervous.
I think Tom might be a tad jealous.
I think Tom might be able to do that if he tries.
I think Tom might be able to do that.
I think Tom might be able to win.
I think Tom might be afraid of Mary's dog.
I think Tom might be allergic to eggs.
I think Tom might be angry with me.
I think Tom might be at school.
I think Tom might be back soon.
I think Tom might be busy now.
I think Tom might be busy.
I think Tom might be curious about that.
I think Tom might be dead.
I think Tom might be depressed.
I think Tom might be displeased.
I think Tom might be drunk.
I think Tom might be hungry.
I think Tom might be in Australia right now.
I think Tom might be in Australia.
I think Tom might be in Boston right now.
I think Tom might be in Boston.
I think Tom might be involved in what happened.
I think Tom might be jealous.
I think Tom might be just a little too picky.
I think Tom might be lost.
I think Tom might be lying.
I think Tom might be mad at me.
I think Tom might be nervous.
I think Tom might be older than me.
I think Tom might be reluctant to do that.
I think Tom might be seeing someone.
I think Tom might be sick.
I think Tom might be sleepy.
I think Tom might be swimming now.
I think Tom might be sympathetic.
I think Tom might be telling the truth.
I think Tom might be tired.
I think Tom might change his mind.
I think Tom might cry.
I think Tom might do that by himself.
I think Tom might do that.
I think Tom might feel the same way you do.
I think Tom might finally have a good idea.
I think Tom might get fired.
I think Tom might get hurt if he tries to do that.
I think Tom might get in trouble if he does that.
I think Tom might get injured if he tries to do that.
I think Tom might get killed if he tries to do that.
I think Tom might get punished if he does that.
I think Tom might go to Australia in the fall.
I think Tom might go to Boston in the fall.
I think Tom might have a drinking problem.
I think Tom might have cheated on the test.
I think Tom might have fallen asleep at my party last night.
I think Tom might have joined a cult.
I think Tom might have poisoned himself.
I think Tom might have run away.
I think Tom might have some good ideas.
I think Tom might know something.
I think Tom might leave for Australia early tomorrow morning.
I think Tom might leave for Boston early tomorrow morning.
I think Tom might leave on Monday.
I think Tom might leave on October 20th.
I think Tom might lie to you.
I think Tom might like that.
I think Tom might not actually do that.
I think Tom might not agree to do that.
I think Tom might not be able to do that.
I think Tom might not be able to handle the truth.
I think Tom might not do that.
I think Tom might not wait for me.
I think Tom might not want to do that by himself.
I think Tom might not want to do that.
I think Tom might not win.
I think Tom might recognize Mary, even though it's been a long time since he's seen her.
I think Tom might visit Australia next week.
I think Tom might visit Boston next week.
I think Tom might wait a little longer.
I think Tom might want to do that today.
I think Tom might want to do that.
I think Tom might want to go bowling with us.
I think Tom might win.
I think Tom might've been offended by that.
I think Tom might've been the one who did this.
I think Tom might've done this.
I think Tom might've gotten lost.
I think Tom might've joined a cult.
I think Tom might've run away.
I think Tom might've said something he shouldn't have.
I think Tom might've taken something he shouldn't have.
I think Tom missed his bus.
I think Tom missed his country.
I think Tom missed the train.
I think Tom misses Boston.
I think Tom misses Mary.
I think Tom misses you.
I think Tom moved to Australia.
I think Tom moved to Boston.
I think Tom must be hungry by now.
I think Tom must be hungry.
I think Tom must be much older than you think he is.
I think Tom must be pretty sleepy by now.
I think Tom must be right.
I think Tom must be thirsty.
I think Tom must be tired.
I think Tom must have agreed to do that.
I think Tom must have been right.
I think Tom must have done that earlier.
I think Tom must have done that.
I think Tom must've agreed to do that.
I think Tom must've been right.
I think Tom must've done that earlier.
I think Tom must've done that.
I think Tom needed to do that even more than you did.
I think Tom needed to do that.
I think Tom needs a brandy.
I think Tom needs a change of clothes.
I think Tom needs a holiday.
I think Tom needs a hug.
I think Tom needs a little help.
I think Tom needs a ride to the airport.
I think Tom needs a vacation.
I think Tom needs glasses.
I think Tom needs help.
I think Tom needs me.
I think Tom needs medical attention.
I think Tom needs rest.
I think Tom needs something to write about.
I think Tom needs something to write with.
I think Tom needs something to write.
I think Tom needs something.
I think Tom needs stitches.
I think Tom needs this more than we do.
I think Tom needs to be shown how to do that.
I think Tom needs to be told about what happened.
I think Tom needs to be told not to do that.
I think Tom needs to be told that.
I think Tom needs to buy some new clothes.
I think Tom needs to change his clothes.
I think Tom needs to do that again.
I think Tom needs to do that, even though he says he doesn't.
I think Tom needs to do that.
I think Tom needs to get more exercise.
I think Tom needs to go there.
I think Tom needs to go.
I think Tom needs to rest.
I think Tom needs to start hanging out with someone other than Mary.
I think Tom needs to talk to Mary personally.
I think Tom needs to write something.
I think Tom needs your help.
I think Tom never does that.
I think Tom never leaves early.
I think Tom now understands.
I think Tom only speaks French.
I think Tom ought to buy some new clothes.
I think Tom ought to do that by himself.
I think Tom ought to do that outside.
I think Tom ought to do that.
I think Tom ought to go home.
I think Tom ought to wait until at least 2:30 before he leaves.
I think Tom overdosed.
I think Tom overpaid.
I think Tom paid far too much for that old saxophone.
I think Tom paid way too much for that old saxophone.
I think Tom passed out.
I think Tom plans to start doing that tomorrow.
I think Tom played very well.
I think Tom played well.
I think Tom plays keyboards.
I think Tom plays the bassoon just about as well as Mary does.
I think Tom plays the bassoon just about as well as Mary.
I think Tom plays the keyboards.
I think Tom probably already knows the truth.
I think Tom probably doesn't like you very much.
I think Tom probably has a girlfriend already.
I think Tom probably isn't as good at French as you think he is.
I think Tom probably isn't as good at doing that as you think he is.
I think Tom probably isn't as old as you think he is.
I think Tom probably isn't as rich as you think he is.
I think Tom probably isn't as young as you think he is.
I think Tom probably knows about it already.
I think Tom probably knows what's going on.
I think Tom probably knows who did that.
I think Tom probably likes you a lot.
I think Tom probably loves Mary.
I think Tom probably won't know how to do that.
I think Tom probably wouldn't do that.
I think Tom probably wouldn't trust Mary.
I think Tom really believes that.
I think Tom really deserves it.
I think Tom really does hate you.
I think Tom really does love you.
I think Tom really doesn't know the answer.
I think Tom really enjoyed himself.
I think Tom really had a good time.
I think Tom really had to do that.
I think Tom really has to do that.
I think Tom really is a doctor.
I think Tom really likes Mary.
I think Tom really likes it when we visit him.
I think Tom really likes me.
I think Tom really likes you.
I think Tom really loves Mary.
I think Tom really needed to do that.
I think Tom really needs to do that.
I think Tom really wanted to do that.
I think Tom really wanted to win.
I think Tom really wants to do that.
I think Tom really wants to win.
I think Tom really would enjoy doing that.
I think Tom really would enjoy it.
I think Tom recognized me.
I think Tom remembered me.
I think Tom said he needed to buy a shovel.
I think Tom said he was from Australia.
I think Tom said he was from Boston.
I think Tom said he'd be back.
I think Tom said he'd be staying in Australia for three weeks.
I think Tom said he'd be staying in Boston for three weeks.
I think Tom said he's already read this book.
I think Tom said his last name is Jackson.
I think Tom said something about that.
I think Tom said something else.
I think Tom said that Mary was from Australia.
I think Tom said that Mary was from Boston.
I think Tom said that he'd do that.
I think Tom said that once.
I think Tom said that.
I think Tom saw us.
I think Tom says yes.
I think Tom set you up.
I think Tom shares too much personal information online.
I think Tom shot Mary.
I think Tom should ask for his money back.
I think Tom should be able to do that by himself.
I think Tom should be able to do that without any help.
I think Tom should be able to do that.
I think Tom should be fired.
I think Tom should be home with his children.
I think Tom should be in Boston by now.
I think Tom should be more discreet.
I think Tom should be more patient.
I think Tom should be punished.
I think Tom should be warned.
I think Tom should buy some new clothes.
I think Tom should come to Australia to visit me.
I think Tom should do it.
I think Tom should do that by himself.
I think Tom should do that himself.
I think Tom should do that inside.
I think Tom should do that outside.
I think Tom should do that somewhere else.
I think Tom should do that.
I think Tom should do what he says he's going to do.
I think Tom should eat more.
I think Tom should get an award.
I think Tom should get married.
I think Tom should get some new clothes.
I think Tom should give Mary a second chance.
I think Tom should give Mary another chance.
I think Tom should go home.
I think Tom should go next.
I think Tom should go on a diet.
I think Tom should go to Australia to visit Mary.
I think Tom should go to Boston to visit Mary.
I think Tom should go.
I think Tom should have asked Mary to help him do that.
I think Tom should have been more discreet.
I think Tom should have done that.
I think Tom should have left earlier.
I think Tom should have left early.
I think Tom should have let Mary do that.
I think Tom should have stayed in Boston.
I think Tom should hear this.
I think Tom should help me.
I think Tom should help us.
I think Tom should learn to speak French.
I think Tom should lie to Mary about what he's planning on doing.
I think Tom should lie to Mary about what he's planning to do.
I think Tom should lose some weight.
I think Tom should remain here.
I think Tom should resign.
I think Tom should see a therapist.
I think Tom should see this.
I think Tom should sell his house.
I think Tom should stay away.
I think Tom should stay here with us.
I think Tom should stay here.
I think Tom should stay.
I think Tom should study harder.
I think Tom should take a trip somewhere.
I think Tom should take his dog with him.
I think Tom should talk to Mary.
I think Tom should talk to me.
I think Tom should tell Mary that he can't really speak French.
I think Tom should tell Mary to do that.
I think Tom should tell Mary to leave him alone.
I think Tom should try to do that.
I think Tom should try to get Mary to do that.
I think Tom should wait for me.
I think Tom should wait until we get there to do that.
I think Tom should wear a tie to the party.
I think Tom should've asked Mary to help him do that.
I think Tom should've been more discreet.
I think Tom should've done that.
I think Tom should've left earlier.
I think Tom should've left early.
I think Tom should've let Mary do that.
I think Tom should've stayed in Australia.
I think Tom should've stayed in Boston.
I think Tom shouldn't agree to do that.
I think Tom shouldn't do that anymore.
I think Tom shouldn't do that outside.
I think Tom shouldn't do that.
I think Tom shouldn't have done that.
I think Tom shouldn't stay at home tomorrow.
I think Tom shouldn't tell Mary about the accident.
I think Tom shouldn't tell Mary how he did that.
I think Tom shouldn't tell Mary that he did that.
I think Tom shouldn't tell Mary to do that.
I think Tom shouldn't tell Mary why he did that.
I think Tom slept all afternoon.
I think Tom slept here.
I think Tom slept in here.
I think Tom snores louder than Mary does.
I think Tom snores louder than Mary.
I think Tom sounds like a native French speaker.
I think Tom speaks French quite well.
I think Tom speaks French well.
I think Tom speaks French.
I think Tom speaks several languages.
I think Tom stayed at his uncle's last summer.
I think Tom stayed by at home by himself last Monday.
I think Tom stayed in Australia last summer.
I think Tom stayed in Boston last summer.
I think Tom stays at his grandparents' house whenever he visits Australia.
I think Tom stays at his grandparents' house whenever he visits Boston.
I think Tom still believes that.
I think Tom still has a chance.
I think Tom still has to do that.
I think Tom still hasn't left.
I think Tom still lives on Park Street.
I think Tom still needs to do that.
I think Tom still teaches French.
I think Tom still wants to do that.
I think Tom stole it.
I think Tom stole my bicycle.
I think Tom suspects me.
I think Tom swears too much.
I think Tom taught French a few years ago.
I think Tom thinks I think that.
I think Tom thinks I think too much.
I think Tom thinks I'm lying to him.
I think Tom thinks that I think that.
I think Tom thinks that I think too much.
I think Tom thought I wanted to do that.
I think Tom thought Mary liked him.
I think Tom thought Mary wanted to do that.
I think Tom thought he had to do that.
I think Tom thought you'd be here.
I think Tom thought you'd do that.
I think Tom thought you'd want him to do that for you.
I think Tom threatened Mary.
I think Tom to stay here and wait for Mary.
I think Tom told Mary about what we did last summer.
I think Tom told Mary the truth.
I think Tom told me the truth.
I think Tom told the truth.
I think Tom told us the truth.
I think Tom told you the truth.
I think Tom tried to kill us.
I think Tom understands all that.
I think Tom understands me.
I think Tom understands that if he wants my help, all he needs to do is ask for it.
I think Tom understood everything.
I think Tom understood me.
I think Tom understood that.
I think Tom understood your explanation.
I think Tom understood.
I think Tom used to be a mechanic.
I think Tom used to be a member of our church.
I think Tom used to be a member of our club.
I think Tom used to be a screenwriter.
I think Tom used to be a soldier.
I think Tom used to be one of the janitors at the school where Mary teaches.
I think Tom used to date Mary.
I think Tom used to live in Australia.
I think Tom used to live in Boston.
I think Tom used to love me.
I think Tom used to own a Japanese car.
I think Tom used to play golf.
I think Tom visited Australia with Mary last spring.
I think Tom voted for me.
I think Tom waited until Mary got there.
I think Tom wanted Mary to do that.
I think Tom wanted my help.
I think Tom wanted to do that even more than you did.
I think Tom wanted to do that.
I think Tom wanted to kill us both.
I think Tom wanted to kill us.
I think Tom wants Mary's job.
I think Tom wants a promotion.
I think Tom wants me back.
I think Tom wants me to do that tomorrow.
I think Tom wants me to do that with him.
I think Tom wants me to do that.
I think Tom wants me to go with Mary.
I think Tom wants me to go with him.
I think Tom wants more.
I think Tom wants our help.
I think Tom wants something to eat.
I think Tom wants something to write on.
I think Tom wants something to write with.
I think Tom wants to come with us.
I think Tom wants to do that again.
I think Tom wants to do that alone.
I think Tom wants to do that tomorrow.
I think Tom wants to do that, even though he says he doesn't.
I think Tom wants to do that.
I think Tom wants to go to Australia with you.
I think Tom wants to go to Australia.
I think Tom wants to go to Boston with you.
I think Tom wants to go to Boston.
I think Tom wants to go to bed.
I think Tom wants to kill himself.
I think Tom wants to see you.
I think Tom wants to sell us something.
I think Tom wants to stay.
I think Tom wants you to do that.
I think Tom was a little shocked.
I think Tom was a little tired.
I think Tom was a little upset about that.
I think Tom was about ready to do that.
I think Tom was afraid he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I think Tom was afraid that he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I think Tom was alone.
I think Tom was always looking for an excuse to do this.
I think Tom was angry.
I think Tom was as surprised as I was.
I think Tom was astonished.
I think Tom was awake.
I think Tom was being sarcastic.
I think Tom was bluffing.
I think Tom was bored.
I think Tom was born in Australia.
I think Tom was born in Boston.
I think Tom was busy.
I think Tom was distracted.
I think Tom was done.
I think Tom was drinking.
I think Tom was drunk.
I think Tom was early.
I think Tom was embarrassed.
I think Tom was exaggerating.
I think Tom was fair.
I think Tom was finished doing that by 2:30.
I think Tom was first.
I think Tom was genuinely concerned.
I think Tom was glad that he wasn't allowed to do that.
I think Tom was grateful.
I think Tom was happy.
I think Tom was having me on. It is the 1st of April.
I think Tom was here.
I think Tom was heroic.
I think Tom was hiding something.
I think Tom was home.
I think Tom was homesick.
I think Tom was humiliated.
I think Tom was hungry.
I think Tom was impressed by what he saw.
I think Tom was impressed with your work.
I think Tom was impressed.
I think Tom was in Australia last month.
I think Tom was in Australia.
I think Tom was in Boston.
I think Tom was in love with Mary.
I think Tom was in shock.
I think Tom was in some kind of danger.
I think Tom was in.
I think Tom was invited to the party.
I think Tom was involved.
I think Tom was joking.
I think Tom was just amazing.
I think Tom was just being sarcastic.
I think Tom was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.
I think Tom was just trying to apologize.
I think Tom was just trying to be friendly.
I think Tom was late.
I think Tom was laughing.
I think Tom was lied to.
I think Tom was looking at you.
I think Tom was looking for you.
I think Tom was looking into the matter.
I think Tom was lying to me.
I think Tom was lying to us.
I think Tom was lying to you.
I think Tom was lying.
I think Tom was misled.
I think Tom was mistaken.
I think Tom was murdered, too.
I think Tom was one of the ringleaders.
I think Tom was only bluffing.
I think Tom was only joking.
I think Tom was out of line.
I think Tom was poisoned.
I think Tom was pressured into doing that.
I think Tom was pretty exhausted.
I think Tom was pretty good.
I think Tom was probably jealous.
I think Tom was probably right.
I think Tom was probably surprised.
I think Tom was really disappointed.
I think Tom was really lucky.
I think Tom was relieved.
I think Tom was right.
I think Tom was robbed.
I think Tom was sad.
I think Tom was scared and confused.
I think Tom was serious.
I think Tom was shocked.
I think Tom was sick all last week.
I think Tom was sick.
I think Tom was sleepwalking again.
I think Tom was sorry.
I think Tom was speaking French.
I think Tom was strangled.
I think Tom was supposed to be here by now.
I think Tom was supposed to be here.
I think Tom was supposed to do that by himself.
I think Tom was supposed to do that yesterday.
I think Tom was supposed to go to school yesterday.
I think Tom was surprised.
I think Tom was telling the truth.
I think Tom was terrified.
I think Tom was the first one to do that.
I think Tom was the last one to do that.
I think Tom was the last person to do that.
I think Tom was the one who ate Mary's sandwich.
I think Tom was the one who bought these flowers?
I think Tom was the one who cut down those trees.
I think Tom was the one who did that.
I think Tom was the one who spiked Mary's drink.
I think Tom was the one who stole it.
I think Tom was the one who stole my wallet.
I think Tom was the one who stole your bicycle.
I think Tom was the one who told me that.
I think Tom was the one who wanted to do that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to do that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to show Mary how to do that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary about what happened.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary how to do that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't have to do that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't need to do that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she had to do that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needed to do that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary to do that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what needed to be done.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what to do.
I think Tom was the only one who realized I was in pain.
I think Tom was the target.
I think Tom was tired.
I think Tom was too afraid to say anything.
I think Tom was too stunned to reply.
I think Tom was too stunned to respond.
I think Tom was totally surprised.
I think Tom was trying to hide something.
I think Tom was trying to kill us.
I think Tom was trying to make something to eat when we came to visit.
I think Tom was trying to tell us something.
I think Tom was trying to warn us about something.
I think Tom was unhappy.
I think Tom was unimpressed.
I think Tom was unjustly convicted.
I think Tom was upset.
I think Tom was very smart.
I think Tom was waiting for Mary to do that.
I think Tom was watching us.
I think Tom was winding me up. It's the 1st of April, after all.
I think Tom was worn out.
I think Tom was worried.
I think Tom was wrong.
I think Tom wasn't able to do that.
I think Tom wasn't being sincere.
I think Tom wasn't really listening.
I think Tom wasn't telling the truth.
I think Tom wasn't the first one to do that.
I think Tom went away.
I think Tom went crazy.
I think Tom went down there.
I think Tom went downstairs.
I think Tom went fishing with Mary.
I think Tom went home already.
I think Tom went home.
I think Tom went hunting by himself.
I think Tom went in there.
I think Tom went insane.
I think Tom went inside.
I think Tom went into the woods to kill himself.
I think Tom went into town.
I think Tom went on vacation.
I think Tom went out last night.
I think Tom went outside.
I think Tom went shopping.
I think Tom went that way.
I think Tom went there, too.
I think Tom went this way.
I think Tom went to Australia last month.
I think Tom went to Australia last week.
