Teacher Zhang teaches Chinese to his students at school every day.
Teacher, I don't understand what you are saying.
Teacher, I will write it in pen.
Teacher, could you please repeat that? I didn't understand.
Teacher, please allow me to go to the washroom.
Teacher, this question is too difficult!
Teacher, time's up.
Teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
Teachers admired and trusted Ziri.
Teachers also learn from their pupils.
Teachers also learn from their students.
Teachers also make mistakes.
Teachers and students at the Kigali Institute of Science and Technology in Rwanda's capital are working to identify and fulfill market needs. The school has a host of low-tech machines that make nails and other every-day items like candles.
Teachers appreciate her active participation.
Teachers are authorized to confiscate students' smartphones if they use them in class.
Teachers are becoming more important.
Teachers are getting arrested for doing this kind of thing.
Teachers are not allowed to physically beat you.
Teachers are recognized for their hard work.
Teachers are special people.
Teachers are there to teach you.
Teachers bemoan students' lack of interest in history.
Teachers can't date students and hope to keep their jobs.
Teachers complained about James's behavior.
Teachers dissect frogs to teach students their anatomy.
Teachers don't get paid enough.
Teachers don't know everything.
Teachers don't make much money.
Teachers dressed in the opposite gender clothing.
Teachers gave up on Sami.
Teachers hated her.
Teachers have difficulty coping with superior intelligence.
Teachers help to form the minds of children.
Teachers help us solve problems we wouldn’t have without them.
Teachers here are friendly.
Teachers here are so friendly.
Teachers in kindergarten are sometimes referred to as leaders of children.
Teachers must be tired of correcting the same mistakes over and over again in their students' papers.
Teachers must be tired of correcting the same mistakes over and over again in their students’ papers.
Teachers must get tired of rectifying the same mistakes over and over again in their students' papers.
Teachers must get tired of rectifying the same mistakes over and over again in their students’ papers.
Teachers must understand children.
Teachers need to be patient with children.
Teachers nowadays are super into testing. It seems that there's another test today.
Teachers often buy school supplies with their own money.
Teachers should be very patient with students.
Teachers should be very patient with their students.
Teachers should create a positive learning environment.
Teachers should deal fairly with their pupils.
Teachers should deal fairly with their students.
Teachers should encourage students to develop their problem solving skills.
Teachers should give their children faith that tomorrow will be brighter and happier.
Teachers should give their children the faith that tomorrow will be brighter and happier.
Teachers should never hit their students.
Teachers should never laugh at students who make mistakes.
Teachers should never make fun of students who make mistakes.
Teachers should occasionally let their students blow off some steam.
Teachers should treat all their students impartially.
Teachers shouldn't fall back on their authority.
Teachers shouldn't have these types of conversations with their female students.
Teachers shouldn’t fall back on their authority.
Teachers stimulate the students' interest, have them think, ask questions, and debate among themselves.
Teachers stimulate the students’ interest, have them think, ask questions, and debate among themselves.
Teachers take days off.
Teachers try to motivate their students.
Teachers were around.
Teachers were giving me really dirty looks.
Teachers weren't saying hello to me.
Teachers' salaries are very low.
Teaching Berber is a demanding job.
Teaching Berber is something Yanni enjoys.
Teaching Berber to your kids won't slow their French language learning down.
Teaching ESL is usually a gig for losers and boozers.
Teaching English is his profession.
Teaching a language also means teaching a culture.
Teaching asks for a lot of patience.
Teaching assistants are usually graduate students who are working toward their Master’s degrees or their Ph.D.s, while taking on the job of teaching undergraduate courses that their professors don’t want to be bothered teaching.
Teaching became her way of coping with the loss.
Teaching begins in April.
Teaching children is easier than teaching adults.
Teaching demands a lot of patience.
Teaching everything at once is bad pedagogy.
Teaching foreign languages at preschool level does not make much sense.
Teaching grammar is the fear of many teachers.
Teaching helps me learn.
Teaching is a profession of my own choosing.
Teaching is learning.
Teaching is one of the jobs an academic does.
Teaching is the best form of learning.
Teaching languages isn't considered an easy job.
Teaching spontaneous thinking is difficult in schools.
Teaching them many things for their good, we yet keep from them ignorantly, foolishly, with a hesitancy and neglect unpardonable—knowledge, the possession of which is essential for their future welfare.
Teaching was the only thing that brought her peace.
Teaching young children isn't easy.
Teaching young people is important.
Teacup is a gold king charles spaniel with hazel eyes a pink nose and a white muzzle and paws.
Teak is a tall tree from Asia.
Teak is a tropical dark wood used for making furniture.
Teakwood naturally contains a highly water-resistant oil that protects the wood from insect attack and prevents rotting.
Team A lost the game against team B.
Team A won the game against team B.
Team members are provided with equipment and kits.
Team members are provided with equipment and uniforms.
Team sports are very popular.
Team up with Ziri.
Team up.
Team! Fall back!
Teaming up with him in teamwork is like stirring up trouble all the time.
Teams of rescuers from neighbouring districts arrived to help those affected by the flooding.
Teams with a season record of over .500 will qualify for the playoffs.
Teamwork is important in soccer.
Teamwork often requires compromise and collaboration.
Tear a page out of your copybook.
Tear a page out of your exercise book.
Tear down this old shack!
Tear down this wall.
Tear gas canisters could be seen on the road after the rioters had left.
Tear gas filled the room.
Tear gas was fired into the building.
Tear gas was fired into the crowd.
Tear gas, rubber bullets, and live ammunition have been used against protesters, in what he described as "heavy-handed suppression."
Tear it up.
Tear the paper into strips.
Tearing money up is a crime, but tearing checks up isn't.
Tears again welled up in his eyes, tears of indignation!
Tears are a child's weapon.
Tears are a child’s weapon.
Tears are the blood of the soul.
Tears began to roll down her cheeks.
Tears began to roll down her face.
Tears began to spill down her cheeks.
Tears began to spill down her face.
Tears began to spill down his cheeks.
Tears began to stream down Tom's face.
Tears began to stream down her face.
Tears began to well up in my eyes.
Tears came into my eyes when I was chopping onions.
Tears came to her eyes.
Tears came to my eyes for joy.
Tears came to my eyes.
Tears cleanse the heart.
Tears clouded her vision.
Tears clouded my vision.
Tears could never put out fires.
Tears coursed down her cheeks.
Tears ensue, / and wailing, shrill as though her heart would bleed.
Tears fall in my heart like the rain on the town.
Tears fell down Tom's cheeks.
Tears fell down her cheeks.
Tears fell from her eyes.
Tears fell from his eyes.
Tears filled Mary's eyes.
Tears filled Tom's eyes.
Tears filled Vladimir's eyes.
Tears filled her eyes.
Tears filled his eyes.
Tears flow down my cheeks.
Tears flowed down Tom's cheeks.
Tears flowed down her cheeks.
Tears flowed down his cheek.
Tears flowed down my face.
Tears flowed unabated from my eyes.
Tears gathered in her eyes.
Tears gushed from her eyes.
Tears kept rolling down Daniel’s cheeks.
Tears like these can only come from the heart.
Tears never brought someone back from the other world.
Tears now are useless. You should have thought of all this before.
Tears of happiness roll down my cheeks.
Tears of happiness rolled down Elias face.
Tears of happiness streamed down her cheeks.
Tears of joy rained down their cheeks.
Tears of joy ran down her cheeks.
Tears of joy streamed down Mary's face as Tom said, "I do."
Tears of joy streamed down Tom's face when he saw his baby daughter for the first time.
Tears poured down Tom's cheeks.
Tears poured down her cheeks.
Tears poured down his cheeks.
Tears poured from her eyes.
Tears ran down Alice's cheeks.
Tears ran down Alice’s cheeks.
Tears ran down Janos's face.
Tears ran down Sami's face.
Tears ran down Tom's cheeks.
Tears ran down Tom's face.
Tears ran down his cheeks.
Tears ran down my cheeks.
Tears ran down my face.
Tears rolled down Lajos's face.
Tears rolled down Tom's cheeks.
Tears rolled down Ziri's face as he read the letter.
Tears rolled down from the corners of Robert's eyes.
Tears rolled down her cheeks.
Tears rolled down her face.
Tears rolled down her tender cheeks.
Tears rolled down his cheeks.
Tears rolled down my cheeks.
Tears rose in her eyes.
Tears shimmered in her eyes.
Tears spilled from her eyes.
Tears sprang to Tom's eyes when he read about the accident.
Tears started flowing from her eyes.
Tears started rolling down Ziri's cheeks.
Tears streamed down Tom's cheeks.
Tears streamed down Yuri's face.
Tears streamed down her cheeks.
Tears streamed down her face.
Tears streamed like a curtain over her eyes.
Tears streamed like a curtain over his eyes.
Tears stung Gunter’s eyes.
Tears stung my eyes.
Tears suddenly welled up in Maria's eyes.
Tears trickled down Tom's face.
Tears trickled down her cheeks.
Tears well up in Ziri's eyes.
Tears welled in Mary's eyes as Tom told her about his sad childhood.
Tears welled up in Tom's eyes.
Tears welled up in her eyes.
Tears welled up in my eyes.
Tears welled up in the girl's eyes.
Tears welled up in the girl’s eyes.
Tears were coming down Mennad's eyes.
Tears were dropping from her eyes.
Tears were flowing down her cheeks.
Tears were pouring down Tom's cheeks.
Tears were rolling down her cheek.
Tears were running down her cheeks.
Tears were starting to run down Ziri's face.
Tears were streaming down Daniel's face.
Tears were streaming down Dmitri's face as he ran through the field.
Tears were streaming down Ziri's face.
Tears were streaming down her cheeks.
Tears won't do you any good.
Tears, idle tears, I know not what they mean, Tears from the depth of some divine despair Rise in the heart, and gather to the eyes, In looking on the happy autumn-fields, And thinking of the days that are no more.
Tease a skunk in Minnesota, or gargle in public in New Orleans, Louisiana, and they can haul you off to jail.
Teaspoons? I thought you said tablespoons.
Tebboune addressed the nation with a live broadcast.
Tebboune ambitions to rejuvenate the Algerian state.
Tebboune amended the Algerian constitution.
Tebboune claims he knows where Algeria's corrupt officials stashed their dirty money.
Tebboune claims that Algeria will end its reliance on the bad practices of the past.
Tebboune gave us a preview of what Algeria will be like.
Tebboune has a 54-point program for Algeria.
Tebboune has a grand vision for Algeria.
Tebboune has a new economic plan.
Tebboune has a powerful vision for Algeria.
Tebboune has an ambitious economic agenda.
Tebboune has an ambitious program for Algeria.
Tebboune has an interesting economic agenda.
Tebboune has announced a government reshuffling.
Tebboune has become Algeria's most popular president ever.
Tebboune has been in office since 2019.
Tebboune has been president of Algeria for more than three years.
Tebboune has grand visions for Algeria.
Tebboune has introduced new economic reforms.
Tebboune has new plans for Algeria.
Tebboune has recently seen a meteoric rise in popularity.
Tebboune has started a political war against corruption.
Tebboune has the highest office in Algeria.
Tebboune has to step on the accelerator.
Tebboune is Algeria's president.
Tebboune is clearly well liked.
Tebboune is enjoying high approval ratings.
Tebboune is expanding Algeria's welfare system.
Tebboune is finally able to get down to business.
Tebboune is from a Berber-speaking family.
Tebboune is on the same level as European leaders.
Tebboune is prioritizing Algeria's economic stability.
Tebboune is still in power.
Tebboune is taking steps that no other Algerian president has ever done.
Tebboune is the new president of Algeria.
Tebboune is the president who is literally transforming Algiers.
Tebboune is trying to bring prosperity to Algeria.
Tebboune is trying to transform Algeria's economy.
Tebboune is trying to uplift the living conditions of the people.
Tebboune is undertaking reforms to ensure an economic takeoff of Algeria.
Tebboune is visiting Russia this year.
Tebboune is working for the democratization of Algeria but he's facing daunting challenges.
Tebboune knows the Algerian system from within.
Tebboune made that policy a cornerstone.
Tebboune needs to address many challenges.
Tebboune needs to democratize Algeria.
Tebboune needs to ensure economic growth.
Tebboune needs to ensure political stability.
Tebboune needs to keep Algeria democratic.
Tebboune needs to keep Algeria secular.
Tebboune needs to rewrite Algeria's laws to make the country more attractive to foreign investment.
Tebboune needs to unleash Algeria's true potential.
Tebboune needs to unlock Algeria's economic potential.
Tebboune pledged more funds towards the building of infrastructure.
Tebboune promised to crack down on corruption.
Tebboune promised to liberalize Algeria.
Tebboune promised to transform Algeria.
Tebboune regularly holds a council of ministers.
Tebboune should lead Algeria into a new modern era.
Tebboune spoke on the phone with his Tunisian counterpart.
Tebboune spoke to French magazine Le Point.
Tebboune stepped into office in 2019.
Tebboune took dramatic decisions to restore the authority of the state in Algeria.
Tebboune took the presidential oath, becoming Algeria's new president.
Tebboune wants to involve the public in decision making.
Tebboune wants to make Algeria great again.
Tebboune wants to put Algeria on a growth trajectory.
Tebboune wants to reshape Algeria.
Tebboune wants to take Algeria on a different path by diversifying its economy.
Tebboune was a minister on multiple occasions.
Tebboune was elected in 2019.
Tebboune was elected president in 2019.
Tebboune was sworn in as Algeria's president in December 2019.
Tebboune was the minister of housing.
Tebboune will need to make some tough choices.
Tebboune won the 2019 presidential election.
Tebboune works for the betterment of Algeria.
Tebboune's economic agenda sets huge goals for Algeria.
Tebboune's election put Algeria on a new path.
Tebboune's government has been pursuing an economic diversification program.
Tebboune's government has vision and energy.
Tebboune's government is currently encouraging economic diversification.
Tebboune's reforms aren't limited to just the economy.
Tebboune's reforms help Algeria shift from an oil-and-gas economy to a diversified economy.
Tech billionaires are becoming more like most other billionaires.
Tech bros love to tout their visions for a "better" world.
Technetium is rarely found in nature.
Technetium was first theorized to exist on paper.
Technical language requires great accuracy.
Technical support for Linux is provided by the community.
Technical vocabulary is the hardest to translate.
Technically he is still a student.
Technically hiragana is a syllabary, not an alphabet.
Technically speaking, Esperanto combines the characteristics of an inflected language with those of an agglutinative one.
Technically speaking, death is prohibited in the Spanish town of Lanjarón.
Technically, I wasn't lying.
Technically, I'm homeless.
Technically, I'm still a teenager.
Technically, Robert lived in Algeria.
Technically, Tom poisoned himself.
Technically, Yanni was insane.
Technically, Ziri wasn't supposed to be there.
Technically, a burp could be considered an utterance.
Technically, a circumcision is a surgery.
Technically, drugs that cause miosis can relieve the PNS effects of those causing mydriasis since sympathetic and parasympathetic stimulation tend to negate each others' effects.
Technically, drugs that cause miosis can relieve the PNS effects of those causing mydriasis since sympathetic and parasympathetic stimulation tend to negate each others’ effects.
Technically, it was Ziri's day off.
Technically, this is illegal in Algeria, but the authorities tolerate it.
Technically, this is illegal in Algeria.
Technically, you're correct.
Technically, you're right. However, you also have to take into account the particular circumstances here.
Technically, you're right. However, you must also consider the unusual circumstances that pertain here.
Technique counts, too.
Technique is really important.
Technique is technique, no matter who teaches it.
Techno Edge Systems LLC offers top-quality IT Rental & Leasing in Dubai, UAE. Rent laptops, touch screens, video walls, and more for events, offices, or exhibitions. Get fast delivery, setup, and support across the UAE. Call us at +971-54-4653108 for affordable and flexible rental plans. Website: https://www.laptoprentaluae.com/
Technocrats run Algeria's day-to-day economic affairs.
Technological advancements depend on innovation and research funding.
Technological development enabled scientific development.
Technological innovation brought about the rapid progress of the information industry.
Technological innovation has played a fundamental role in improving the quality of human life.
Technological innovation is essential for reducing the cost of current mitigation technologies, leading to the invention and dissemination of new zero and low-carbon technologies and enhancing the capacity of countries to reduce their emissions.
Technological progress has made Japan what she is.
Technological progress is slower in actuality in many respects according to some perspectives.
Technological retrogression will be unlikely.
Technology can enable disabled people to become physically capable and independent.
Technology can help.
Technology companies and travel-related trade groups are developing and testing various versions of the vaccine passports, also called health certificates or travel passes.
Technology evolves rapidly and transforms our lives daily.
Technology has afforded Gen Zers different learning styles and tools.
Technology has also increased depression and suicide, and changed how Gen Zers perceive themselves.
Technology has become much more user friendly over the years.
Technology has differentiated our cultures.
Technology has evolved so much.
Technology has failed to ease the conflict between man and nature.
Technology has given us immense power.
Technology has improved since then.
Technology has made it easier for people to communicate.
Technology has not, as predicted, made it easier for leftists.
Technology has the potential to transform education in America, allowing students to learn more, to do so at their own pace, and to develop the knowledge and skills employers demand.
Technology help desk staff are available to assist you.
Technology helps friends stay connected, even afar.
Technology in some countries is very behind.
Technology is advancing rapidly.
Technology is advancing so rapidly, it's hard to keep up.
Technology is advancing.
Technology is always changing.
Technology is always getting better.
Technology is always improving.
Technology is amazing.
Technology is another word for "it's not working at the moment".
Technology is changing almost every industry, including fashion.
Technology is continually improving.
Technology is in itself meaningless unless it serves mankind.
Technology is increasingly improving.
Technology is just a tool.
Technology is scary.
Technology is wild.
Technology isn't everything, but it impresses me if an ethnic group can put their own space station up or build the fastest maglev trains.
Technology isn't the same as science. Technology is the application of science. Of course, technology isn't perfect.
Technology must be used for good, not evil.
Technology pervades all aspects of society.
Technology plays a vital role in reaching people following natural disasters.
Technology progresses steadily.
Technology solved many of the problems.
Technology will make a lot of progress in the nineties.
Tectonic activity is in evidence at the tremendous Valles Marineris canyon system, which is over 8 kilometers deep and 4500 kilometers long.
Tectonic plates are pieces of the lithosphere.
Ted Cruz dropped out of the presidential race.
Ted Kaczynski was not a fascist, but he inspired armies of them.
Ted Kaczynski's bad critique of leftism has found him many supporters on the far right.
Ted Koppel and Henry Kissinger are good friends.
Ted Nash explored cubism and the four sides of a square through the idea of fourths in this composition. For example, four musical chords are repeated in this work.
Ted Nash wanted to copy the idea of thrown paint musically by creating a composition that sounded big and free.
Ted Nugent is a groomer.
Ted Nugent is a pedophile.
Ted and I are taking our girlfriends to the movies now.
Ted doesn't have the competence to teach English.
Ted doesn’t have the competence to teach English.
Ted downloaded a game from Steam.
Ted is good at fixing watches.
Ted is good at repairing watches.
Ted is handy at repairing watches.
Ted is looking forward to going abroad after graduation.
Ted is satisfied with life in college.
Ted is the second pitcher on the baseball team.
Ted led the way, not merely because he was past fourteen and more than half a year older than his cousin, but because Hubert unconsciously yielded to the captaincy of a more venturesome and resolute spirit.
Ted likes playing the trumpet.
Ted loves his wife Elizabeth.
Ted waited for her for a long time.
Ted wanted to vote for the communists.
Ted was certain of winning the game.
Ted was finally able to communicate his thoughts in Japanese.
Ted's really got computers on the brain.
Tedious repetition kills unhappy teachers.
Tedros said COVID-19 is surging in countries with lower vaccination rates in Eastern Europe, but also in countries with some of the world's highest vaccination rates in Western Europe.
Tedros said solidarity was the key to defeating COVID-19.
Tedros said that while vaccines reduced transmission of the coronavirus, they do not fully prevent it.
Ted’s really got computers on the brain.
Teenage angst is a part of life.
Teenage around-the-world pilot dies.
Teenage boys are more likely than girls to be less engaged and do poorly in school.
Teenage boys are more likely than girls to be low achievers.
Teenage boys love playing video games.
Teenage mistakes last a lifetime.
Teenagers always seem to be hungry.
Teenagers are God's punishment for having sex.
Teenagers are God’s punishment for having sex.
Teenagers are fueling the craze by posting videos as short as 15 seconds of themselves dancing, lip-syncing, being silly and generally showing off.
Teenagers are more likely to drive dangerously, especially when one of their friends is nearby.
Teenagers are often embarrassed to be seen in public with their parents.
Teenagers are often said to have raging hormones.
Teenagers do a lot of dumb stuff.
Teenagers do a lot of stupid things.
Teenagers dressed as clowns and carrying weapons were arrested outside a high school in France.
Teenagers like to gossip.
Teenagers long for the approval of their peers.
Teenagers love playing video games.
Teenagers must adapt to today's harsh realities.
Teenagers must adapt to today’s harsh realities.
Teenagers often argue with their parents.
Teenagers often break rules.
Teenagers often wear strange clothes.
Teenagers think they’re very cool smoking pot, while their local dealers are having a good laugh at imagining them smoking this lawn grass mixed with dogshit.
Teenagers want to be independent of their parents.
Teenagers who participate in the programme will learn about sexual health.
Teenagers who want to learn languages because they find them "awesome" probably won't ever master them at all.
Teenagers will drive you crazy.
Teenagers will drive you nuts.
Teens do a lot of dumb stuff.
Teens just get glued to their smartphones just like the ones that do not perceive anything around them in that very moment.
Teeth are the most important organ of the human body.
Teeth whitening is expensive.
Teething is a difficult process for a child to go through.
Teflon griddles are nearly unusable.
Tegucigalpa is the capital of Honduras.
Tehran and Washington severed their diplomatic ties in 1979.
Tehran is Iran's capital.
Tehran is a very beautiful town.
Tehran is an Iranian town.
Tehran is in Iran.
Tehran is my favorite town.
Tehran is my favourite town.
Tehran is the biggest town of Iran.
Tehran is the capital of Iran.
Tektronix's new software perfectly responds to the needs of customers using logic analysers.
Tektronix’s new software perfectly responds to the needs of customers using logic analysers.
Tel Aviv is a beautiful city.
Tel Aviv is the diplomatic, economic and financial center of Israel.
Tel Aviv is very, very left.
Telecom analysts say faster digital connectivity will allow people who do not have computers to peruse the Internet from their mobile phones.
Telecommuting has become popular among office workers.
Telecommuting is not the panacea.
Telecommuting isn't the be-all, end-all solution.
Telecommuting isn't the ultimate solution.
Telegram is like a variant of the dark web, which is more easily accessible by ordinary people.
Telegram is very popular in the Esperanto community.
Telegraph us when you get to Boston.
Telephone and facsimile numbers will not change.
Telephone booths are as scarce as hen's teeth around here.
Telephone booths are as scarce as hen’s teeth around here.
Telephone booths are very scarce around here.
Telephone booths have become a thing of the past.
Telephone for you, Mike. It's Jane.
Telephone him if the message is important.
Telephone me if it rains.
Telephone scams are very common.
Telephone scams are very popular.
Telephone!
Telephones didn't use to have keypads, but dials.
Telephones used to have dials rather than keypads.
Telephones used to have not keypads, but dials.
Teleportation became a stable means of transportation by the 24th century.
Telescope sales have increased during the pandemic.
Telescope sales increased during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Telescopes allow us to explore the edge of space.
Telescopes allow us to see far beyond our world.
Telescopes are getting bigger and more advanced.
Telescopes are not yet powerful enough to see planets orbiting distant stars, so astronomers must infer their presence.
Telescopes give us a chance to see what the galactic center looks like in different types of light.
Telescopes have a primary and a secondary mirror.
Telescopes have taken us beyond our galaxy to see things that we have never imagined.
Television almost has taken the place of the movie theater.
Television and newspapers play complementary roles.
Television and radio signals from Earth have only been traveling for about 80 years, the researchers said, adding that those transmissions have only reached about 8,531 stars and 3,555 potential Earth-like planets.
Television can dull our creative power.
Television can make you dumb, but it can also be good education.
Television could be an important source of culture, and its educational broadcasts are valued in many schools.
Television could be the future of education.
Television enables us to know what is happening today.
Television enables us to learn about foreign manners and customs.
Television enables you to be entertained by people you wouldn't have in your home.
Television enables you to be entertained by people you wouldn’t have in your home.
Television enlightens the viewers as well as entertains them.
Television has a great appeal for him.
Television has a great deal of influence on society.
Television has almost taken the place of the movie theater.
Television has robbed cinema of its former popularity.
Television has the advantage of providing sports fans with greater convenience.
Television helps us widen our knowledge.
Television is a very important medium for giving information.
Television is a very important medium through which to provide information.
Television is an audiovisual medium.
Television is boring and disgusting, and it manipulates you.
Television is obsolete as a medium in any case.
Television is ruining family life.
Television isn't a Bible.
Television lies.
Television makes people stupid.
Television makes the wise wiser and the dumb dumber.
Television news stories publicized Earth Day.
Television programs are interspersed with commercials.
Television sets began to appear house by house at that time.
Television shows violence, which influences, above all, younger people.
Television stations broadcast 24 hours a day.
Television stultifies people.
Television turned on, she patrols in front of the CRT. "Hey you, food's up!"
Television turned on, she patrols in front of the CRT. "Hey you, food’s up!"
Television viewers see only what the camera shows.
Television was once a luxury.
Televisions use more electricity than you might expect.
Televisions use more electricity than you might think.
Televisions with vacuum tubes are regarded as being behind the times.
Tell Carlos to find another girl to hang out with.
Tell Dad to come.
Tell Eugene to call Arkady.
Tell Evgeny to call Arkady.
Tell Layla that I love her.
Tell Lucio I said hi.
Tell Mary I can hear her.
Tell Mary I don't want to talk to her.
Tell Mary I grew up in Boston, just like she did.
Tell Mary I love her.
Tell Mary I miss her.
Tell Mary I need her.
Tell Mary I need to talk to her as soon as possible.
Tell Mary I need to talk to her now.
Tell Mary I want to see her first thing in the morning.
Tell Mary I want to see her.
Tell Mary I want to talk to her right away.
Tell Mary I want to talk to her.
Tell Mary I won't go to Boston with her.
Tell Mary I'd like to meet with her immediately.
Tell Mary I'd like to talk to her.
Tell Mary I'll be picking her up.
Tell Mary I'll meet her at 2:30 in the lobby of the Hilton Hotel.
Tell Mary I'll pick her up on the way.
Tell Mary I'll see her soon.
Tell Mary I'll see her tonight.
Tell Mary I'll talk to her later.
Tell Mary I'm coming to see her.
Tell Mary I'm looking forward to meeting her.
Tell Mary I'm not going to do what she asked me to do.
Tell Mary I'm sorry I hurt her.
Tell Mary I've got her keys.
Tell Mary Tom is waiting for her in the lobby.
Tell Mary it's not her fault.
Tell Mary not to do that by herself.
Tell Mary only what she needs to know.
Tell Mary she can't go to Tom's party.
Tell Mary she can't go.
Tell Mary she has to do everything Tom asks her to do.
Tell Mary she has to do that before 2:30.
Tell Mary she has to do that by herself.
Tell Mary she has to do that today.
Tell Mary she has to do that.
Tell Mary she has to get home before 2:30.
Tell Mary she has to get out of bed.
Tell Mary she has to get up.
Tell Mary she has to leave.
Tell Mary she has to wash the dishes.
Tell Mary she needs to do that before 2:30.
Tell Mary she needs to do that.
Tell Mary she needs to get here early.
Tell Mary she needs to get home before 2:30.
Tell Mary she needs to get that done by 2:30.
Tell Mary she ought to do that.
Tell Mary she should do that this afternoon.
Tell Mary she should do that.
Tell Mary she should go back to Boston.
Tell Mary she should visit Boston.
Tell Mary she shouldn't agree to do that.
Tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
Tell Mary she's going to have to wait.
Tell Mary she's going to have to work late today.
Tell Mary that I don't know how to do what she's asked me to do.
Tell Mary that I don't want to talk to her.
Tell Mary that I know what she did.
Tell Mary that I know where she lives.
Tell Mary that I love her.
Tell Mary that I miss her.
Tell Mary that I need to talk to her.
Tell Mary that I'll be calling her.
Tell Mary that I'm here to see her.
Tell Mary that I'm not interested in going there with her.
Tell Mary that I'm proud of her.
Tell Mary that I'm too tired to help her.
Tell Mary that Tom wants to see her.
Tell Mary that she needs to apologize to Tom.
Tell Mary that she should lose some weight.
Tell Mary that she's wrong.
Tell Mary that we're not going to help her.
Tell Mary that when she's finished, she can leave.
Tell Mary that you love her.
Tell Mary to get back here as soon as she can.
Tell Mary to stay where she is.
Tell Mary to take her time.
Tell Mary we have something to show her.
Tell Mary we want to talk with her.
Tell Mary we're going to meet her at the airport.
Tell Mary we're waiting for her.
Tell Mary what Tom asked you to tell her.
Tell Mary what she should do.
Tell Mary what she wants to hear.
Tell Mary where she should go.
Tell Mary you want her to go.
Tell Mary you'd like to go with her.
Tell Mary you're too busy to help her.
Tell Mennad I am not here.
Tell Mennad I'm not here.
Tell Mom that I love her.
Tell Sir William Ashton that the next time he and I forgather, he will not be half so blithe of our meeting as of our parting.
Tell Sir William Ashton that the next time he and I meet, he will not be half so glad of our meeting as of our parting.
Tell Tom I called.
Tell Tom I can hear him.
Tell Tom I can't marry him.
Tell Tom I can't see him today.
Tell Tom I can't see him.
Tell Tom I didn't read it.
Tell Tom I don't care.
Tell Tom I don't drink.
Tell Tom I don't have his keys.
Tell Tom I don't have his money.
Tell Tom I don't know Mary.
Tell Tom I don't know how to do that.
Tell Tom I don't know what I should do first.
Tell Tom I don't know where Mary is.
Tell Tom I don't know where Mary lives.
Tell Tom I don't know where he parked his car.
Tell Tom I don't know where his car keys are.
Tell Tom I don't know who Mary's husband is.
Tell Tom I don't know why Mary isn't here today.
Tell Tom I don't like him.
Tell Tom I don't need his help whatsoever.
Tell Tom I don't need his help.
Tell Tom I don't want him dating my daughter.
Tell Tom I don't want him to do that.
Tell Tom I don't want his old car.
Tell Tom I don't want to eat at that restaurant.
Tell Tom I don't want to go.
Tell Tom I don't want to talk to him.
Tell Tom I feel OK.
Tell Tom I feel fine.
Tell Tom I forgive him.
Tell Tom I grew up in Australia, just like he did.
Tell Tom I grew up in Boston, just like he did.
Tell Tom I had to go.
Tell Tom I had to leave.
Tell Tom I have a broken leg.
Tell Tom I have the key.
Tell Tom I have to go to Australia for a few days.
Tell Tom I have to go to Boston for a few days.
Tell Tom I have to work late tonight.
Tell Tom I haven't forgotten him.
Tell Tom I know what he did.
Tell Tom I know what's going on.
Tell Tom I know where he lives.
Tell Tom I know why he did that.
Tell Tom I love Mary, too.
Tell Tom I love him.
Tell Tom I loved meeting his kitties!
Tell Tom I miss him.
Tell Tom I need him.
Tell Tom I need his help.
Tell Tom I need some money.
Tell Tom I need to borrow his car.
Tell Tom I need to do that before 2:30.
Tell Tom I need to do that.
Tell Tom I need to get home before 2:30.
Tell Tom I need to see him immediately.
Tell Tom I need to talk to him as soon as possible.
Tell Tom I need to talk to him now.
Tell Tom I only drink green tea.
Tell Tom I only need three more hours.
Tell Tom I really wish I could help.
Tell Tom I said goodbye.
Tell Tom I said hello.
Tell Tom I said hi.
Tell Tom I said thank you.
Tell Tom I sent you.
Tell Tom I still have his umbrella.
Tell Tom I took it.
Tell Tom I want him to know it was me.
Tell Tom I want my belongings returned to me immediately.
Tell Tom I want my money.
Tell Tom I want to do that.
Tell Tom I want to see Mary.
Tell Tom I want to see him first thing in the morning.
Tell Tom I want to see him.
Tell Tom I want to talk to him right away.
Tell Tom I want to talk to him.
Tell Tom I wish to stay.
Tell Tom I won't be at school today.
Tell Tom I won't be needing his help.
Tell Tom I won't be there.
Tell Tom I won't come.
Tell Tom I won't do it.
Tell Tom I won't do that.
Tell Tom I won't eat.
Tell Tom I won't go to Australia with him.
Tell Tom I won't go to Boston with him.
Tell Tom I won't leave.
Tell Tom I won't need his help.
Tell Tom I won't sing.
Tell Tom I won't study French tonight.
Tell Tom I'd like to help.
Tell Tom I'd like to meet with him immediately.
Tell Tom I'd like to talk to him.
Tell Tom I'll be back.
Tell Tom I'll be doing the driving.
Tell Tom I'll be home soon.
Tell Tom I'll be late.
Tell Tom I'll be picking him up.
Tell Tom I'll be ready by the time he gets here.
Tell Tom I'll be ready.
Tell Tom I'll be right over.
Tell Tom I'll be right there.
Tell Tom I'll be there as soon as I can.
Tell Tom I'll be there by 2:30.
Tell Tom I'll be there in 30 minutes.
Tell Tom I'll be there in a minute.
Tell Tom I'll be there in thirty minutes.
Tell Tom I'll be there in three hours.
Tell Tom I'll be there in three minutes.
Tell Tom I'll be there tomorrow.
Tell Tom I'll be there.
Tell Tom I'll call back.
Tell Tom I'll call him back.
Tell Tom I'll call later this afternoon.
Tell Tom I'll come back.
Tell Tom I'll come.
Tell Tom I'll do anything.
Tell Tom I'll do it.
Tell Tom I'll do that.
Tell Tom I'll get there as soon as I can.
Tell Tom I'll help him this afternoon.
Tell Tom I'll just be a minute, OK?
Tell Tom I'll leave.
Tell Tom I'll meet him at 2:30 in the lobby of the Hilton Hotel.
Tell Tom I'll pick him up on the way.
Tell Tom I'll prune the trees.
Tell Tom I'll see him soon.
Tell Tom I'll see him this afternoon.
Tell Tom I'll see him tonight.
Tell Tom I'll sign the contract.
Tell Tom I'll talk to him later.
Tell Tom I'm angry.
Tell Tom I'm busy.
Tell Tom I'm coming back.
Tell Tom I'm coming over.
Tell Tom I'm coming right over.
Tell Tom I'm coming to see him.
Tell Tom I'm coming.
Tell Tom I'm doing my homework.
Tell Tom I'm eating.
Tell Tom I'm exhausted.
Tell Tom I'm fine.
Tell Tom I'm going out for a drive.
Tell Tom I'm going out for a walk.
Tell Tom I'm going to be gone for three weeks.
Tell Tom I'm going to be late.
Tell Tom I'm going to do that as soon as I can.
Tell Tom I'm going to do that.
Tell Tom I'm going to drop by his house this afternoon.
Tell Tom I'm here to see him.
Tell Tom I'm here.
Tell Tom I'm hungry.
Tell Tom I'm in a meeting.
Tell Tom I'm in the office.
Tell Tom I'm innocent.
Tell Tom I'm joking.
Tell Tom I'm looking forward to meeting him.
Tell Tom I'm not at home.
Tell Tom I'm not going to do that with him.
Tell Tom I'm not going to do that.
Tell Tom I'm not going to do what he asked me to do.
Tell Tom I'm not here.
Tell Tom I'm not home.
Tell Tom I'm not hungry.
Tell Tom I'm not in.
Tell Tom I'm not interested in the car he's trying to sell.
Tell Tom I'm not interested.
Tell Tom I'm not ready.
Tell Tom I'm on my way over.
Tell Tom I'm on my way.
Tell Tom I'm proud of him.
Tell Tom I'm ready to go.
Tell Tom I'm ready.
Tell Tom I'm sick.
Tell Tom I'm sorry I hurt him.
Tell Tom I'm sorry I made you late.
Tell Tom I'm sorry I wasn't able to be at his birthday party.
Tell Tom I'm sorry that I hurt him.
Tell Tom I'm sorry that I made you late.
Tell Tom I'm sorry that I wasn't able to be at his birthday party.
Tell Tom I'm sorry.
Tell Tom I'm still in a meeting.
Tell Tom I'm taking a bath.
Tell Tom I'm thirsty.
Tell Tom I'm tired.
Tell Tom I'm waiting for him at home.
Tell Tom I'm waiting for him.
Tell Tom I'm watching the news.
Tell Tom I'm working as fast as I can.
Tell Tom I've broken a leg.
Tell Tom I've broken my leg.
Tell Tom I've gone fishing.
Tell Tom I've got his keys.
Tell Tom Mary doesn't want to go.
Tell Tom Mary had nothing to do with this.
Tell Tom Mary has already told John.
Tell Tom Mary is sick.
Tell Tom Mary is waiting for him in the lobby.
Tell Tom Mary's on the way.
Tell Tom about it.
Tell Tom about the concert.
Tell Tom about the movie.
Tell Tom about the novel you wrote.
Tell Tom about the picnic.
Tell Tom about the play.
Tell Tom about us.
Tell Tom about what happened.
Tell Tom about what you did the other night.
Tell Tom about your classes at Harvard.
Tell Tom about your trip.
Tell Tom about yourself.
Tell Tom and Mary I can hear them.
Tell Tom and Mary I don't want to talk to them.
Tell Tom and Mary I grew up in Boston, just like they did.
Tell Tom and Mary I miss them.
Tell Tom and Mary I need to talk to them as soon as possible.
Tell Tom and Mary I need to talk to them now.
Tell Tom and Mary I want to see them first thing in the morning.
Tell Tom and Mary I want to see them.
Tell Tom and Mary I want to talk to them right away.
Tell Tom and Mary I want to talk to them.
Tell Tom and Mary I won't go to Boston with them.
Tell Tom and Mary I'd like to meet with them immediately.
Tell Tom and Mary I'd like to talk to them.
Tell Tom and Mary I'll be picking them up.
Tell Tom and Mary I'll meet them at 2:30 in the lobby of the Hilton Hotel.
Tell Tom and Mary I'll pick them up on the way.
Tell Tom and Mary I'll see them soon.
Tell Tom and Mary I'll see them tonight.
Tell Tom and Mary I'll talk to them later.
Tell Tom and Mary I'm coming to see them.
Tell Tom and Mary I'm looking forward to meeting them.
Tell Tom and Mary I'm not going to do what they asked me to do.
Tell Tom and Mary I'm sorry I hurt them.
Tell Tom and Mary I've got their keys.
Tell Tom and Mary John is waiting for them in the lobby.
Tell Tom and Mary it's not their fault.
Tell Tom and Mary not to do that by themselves.
Tell Tom and Mary only what they need to know.
Tell Tom and Mary that I don't know how to do what they've asked me to do.
Tell Tom and Mary that I don't want to talk to them.
Tell Tom and Mary that I love them.
Tell Tom and Mary that I miss them.
Tell Tom and Mary that I need to talk to them.
Tell Tom and Mary that I'll be calling them.
Tell Tom and Mary that I'm here to see them.
Tell Tom and Mary that I'm not interested in going there with them.
Tell Tom and Mary that I'm too tired to help them.
Tell Tom and Mary that if they're finished, they can leave.
Tell Tom and Mary that they don't have to come.
Tell Tom and Mary that they need to apologize to John.
Tell Tom and Mary that they should lose some weight.
Tell Tom and Mary that we're not going to help them.
Tell Tom and Mary that when they're finished, they can leave.
Tell Tom and Mary they have to do everything John asks them to do.
Tell Tom and Mary they have to do that before 2:30.
Tell Tom and Mary they have to do that by themselves.
Tell Tom and Mary they have to do that today.
Tell Tom and Mary they have to do that.
Tell Tom and Mary they need to do that before 2:30.
Tell Tom and Mary they need to do that.
Tell Tom and Mary they need to get here early.
Tell Tom and Mary they need to get home before 2:30.
Tell Tom and Mary they need to get that done by 2:30.
Tell Tom and Mary they ought to do that.
Tell Tom and Mary they should do that this afternoon.
Tell Tom and Mary they should do that.
Tell Tom and Mary they shouldn't agree to do that.
Tell Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that.
Tell Tom and Mary they're going to have to work late today.
Tell Tom and Mary to get back here as soon as they can.
Tell Tom and Mary to take their time.
Tell Tom and Mary we have something to show them.
Tell Tom and Mary we want to talk with them.
Tell Tom and Mary we're going to meet them at the airport.
Tell Tom and Mary we're waiting for them.
Tell Tom and Mary you want them to go.
Tell Tom and Mary you'd like to go with them.
Tell Tom and Mary you're too busy to help them.
Tell Tom anything you want.
Tell Tom breakfast is ready.
Tell Tom dinner is ready.
Tell Tom dinner's ready.
Tell Tom everything I told you.
Tell Tom everything is fine.
Tell Tom everything that happened here.
Tell Tom everything you know.
Tell Tom everything's fine.
Tell Tom everything.
Tell Tom exactly what you told me.
Tell Tom for me, OK?
Tell Tom he can have my bicycle if he wants it.
Tell Tom he can keep it.
Tell Tom he can't go to Mary's party.
Tell Tom he can't go.
Tell Tom he did a great job tonight.
Tell Tom he has to do everything Mary asks him to do.
Tell Tom he has to do that before 2:30.
Tell Tom he has to do that by himself.
Tell Tom he has to do that today.
Tell Tom he has to do that.
Tell Tom he has to get home before 2:30.
Tell Tom he has to get out of bed.
Tell Tom he has to get up.
Tell Tom he has to leave.
Tell Tom he has to wash the dishes.
Tell Tom he needs to do that before 2:30.
Tell Tom he needs to do that.
Tell Tom he needs to get here early.
Tell Tom he needs to get home before 2:30.
Tell Tom he needs to get that done by 2:30.
Tell Tom he ought to do that.
Tell Tom he owes me one.
Tell Tom he owes me thirty bucks.
Tell Tom he owes me thirty dollars.
Tell Tom he should do that this afternoon.
Tell Tom he should do that.
Tell Tom he should go back to Australia.
Tell Tom he should go back to Boston.
Tell Tom he should go.
Tell Tom he should stay out of sight.
Tell Tom he should visit Australia.
Tell Tom he should visit Boston.
Tell Tom he shouldn't agree to do that.
Tell Tom he shouldn't be doing that.
Tell Tom he shouldn't do that.
Tell Tom he that owes me thirty dollars.
Tell Tom he was right.
Tell Tom he was wrong.
Tell Tom he's going to have to wait.
Tell Tom he's going to have to work late today.
Tell Tom hi for me.
Tell Tom how Mary was dressed.
Tell Tom how displeased I am.
Tell Tom how he can get in touch with Mary.
Tell Tom how he can get in touch with you.
Tell Tom how important the meeting is.
Tell Tom how much you paid for that.
Tell Tom how to do it.
Tell Tom how to do that.
Tell Tom how to get to Australia.
Tell Tom how to get to Boston.
Tell Tom how to get to Mary's house.
Tell Tom how to get to the airport.
Tell Tom how to get to the bank.
Tell Tom how to get to the beach.
Tell Tom how to get to the post office from here.
Tell Tom how to get to your house.
Tell Tom how to spell your name.
Tell Tom how to start the engine.
Tell Tom how you did that.
Tell Tom how you feel.
Tell Tom how you found out that he did that.
Tell Tom how you plan on doing that.
Tell Tom how you plan to do that.
Tell Tom how you went to Australia.
Tell Tom how you went to Boston.
Tell Tom how you're feeling.
Tell Tom in person.
Tell Tom in time.
Tell Tom it isn't his fault.
Tell Tom it isn't my fault.
Tell Tom it isn't too late to sign up.
Tell Tom it isn't true.
Tell Tom it isn't urgent.
Tell Tom it was a mistake.
Tell Tom it was all my fault.
Tell Tom it was all your fault.
Tell Tom it was nothing personal.
Tell Tom it wasn't my fault.
Tell Tom it's a priority.
Tell Tom it's an emergency.
Tell Tom it's important.
Tell Tom it's not his fault.
Tell Tom it's not my fault.
Tell Tom it's not too late to sign up.
Tell Tom it's not urgent.
Tell Tom it's time to start getting ready to leave.
Tell Tom it's urgent.
Tell Tom just to add water.
Tell Tom no.
Tell Tom not to be late.
Tell Tom not to buy it if it costs more than three hundred dollars.
Tell Tom not to come.
Tell Tom not to cry.
Tell Tom not to do that anymore.
Tell Tom not to do that by himself.
Tell Tom not to do that here.
Tell Tom not to do that when we're not around.
Tell Tom not to do that.
Tell Tom not to forget to pay his rent.
Tell Tom not to go.
Tell Tom not to got near the dog.
Tell Tom not to hate me for leaving him.
Tell Tom not to hug Mary anymore.
Tell Tom not to leave.
Tell Tom not to take all of this medicine at once.
Tell Tom not to talk to Mary.
Tell Tom not to talk to anyone.
Tell Tom not to tell Mary.
Tell Tom not to touch anything.
Tell Tom not to wait for me.
Tell Tom not to wait.
Tell Tom not to worry.
Tell Tom only what he needs to know.
Tell Tom something.
Tell Tom thanks but no thanks.
Tell Tom thanks.
Tell Tom that I accept his invitation.
Tell Tom that I already know how to do that.
Tell Tom that I already know how to get to his place.
Tell Tom that I already know what to do.
Tell Tom that I am ready.
Tell Tom that I called.
Tell Tom that I can't see him today.
Tell Tom that I don't drink.
Tell Tom that I don't know how to do what he's asked me to do.
Tell Tom that I don't need his help!
Tell Tom that I don't need his help.
Tell Tom that I don't want to go.
Tell Tom that I don't want to talk to him.
Tell Tom that I dropped in.
Tell Tom that I feel OK.
Tell Tom that I grew up in Australia, just like he did.
Tell Tom that I had to leave.
Tell Tom that I have a broken leg.
Tell Tom that I have to go to Australia for a few days.
Tell Tom that I know what he did.
Tell Tom that I know what's going on.
Tell Tom that I know where he lives.
Tell Tom that I know why he did that.
Tell Tom that I know.
Tell Tom that I like it.
Tell Tom that I love him.
Tell Tom that I may be late.
Tell Tom that I miss him.
Tell Tom that I need his help.
Tell Tom that I need some money.
Tell Tom that I need to borrow his car.
Tell Tom that I need to talk to him.
Tell Tom that I said hi.
Tell Tom that I stopped by.
Tell Tom that I want him to know it was me.
Tell Tom that I want to go, too.
Tell Tom that I want to marry him.
Tell Tom that I want to talk to him.
Tell Tom that I was just joking.
Tell Tom that I will not need his help.
Tell Tom that I won't agree to do that.
Tell Tom that I won't be there.
Tell Tom that I won't come.
Tell Tom that I won't do that.
Tell Tom that I won't go to Australia with him.
Tell Tom that I won't need his help.
Tell Tom that I would like to help.
Tell Tom that I'd like to help.
Tell Tom that I'd like to talk to him.
Tell Tom that I'll be back.
Tell Tom that I'll be calling him.
Tell Tom that I'll be doing the driving.
Tell Tom that I'll be home soon.
Tell Tom that I'll be in Australia all month.
Tell Tom that I'll be late.
Tell Tom that I'll be ready by the time he gets here.
Tell Tom that I'll be there tomorrow.
Tell Tom that I'll be there.
Tell Tom that I'll call back later.
Tell Tom that I'll call back.
Tell Tom that I'll call him back.
Tell Tom that I'll do it.
Tell Tom that I'll do that.
Tell Tom that I'll help him this afternoon.
Tell Tom that I'll prune his trees for him.
Tell Tom that I'll prune the trees.
Tell Tom that I'll see him soon.
Tell Tom that I'm angry.
Tell Tom that I'm asleep.
Tell Tom that I'm busy.
Tell Tom that I'm coming to see him.
Tell Tom that I'm coming.
Tell Tom that I'm doing my homework.
Tell Tom that I'm driving.
Tell Tom that I'm eating.
Tell Tom that I'm exhausted.
Tell Tom that I'm fine.
Tell Tom that I'm going to be late.
Tell Tom that I'm going to do that as soon as I can.
Tell Tom that I'm going to do that as soon as I have a little free time.
Tell Tom that I'm going to do that today.
Tell Tom that I'm going to do that.
Tell Tom that I'm going with Mary.
Tell Tom that I'm hanging up the laundry and I'll call him back.
Tell Tom that I'm here to see him.
Tell Tom that I'm here.
Tell Tom that I'm hungry.
Tell Tom that I'm in Australia.
Tell Tom that I'm joking.
Tell Tom that I'm not at home.
Tell Tom that I'm not going to do that with him.
Tell Tom that I'm not going to do that.
Tell Tom that I'm not here.
Tell Tom that I'm not home.
Tell Tom that I'm not hungry.
Tell Tom that I'm not interested in doing that.
Tell Tom that I'm not interested in going there with him.
Tell Tom that I'm not interested.
Tell Tom that I'm not planning on doing that.
Tell Tom that I'm not planning to do that.
Tell Tom that I'm not planning to stay long.
Tell Tom that I'm not ready.
Tell Tom that I'm not speaking with him.
Tell Tom that I'm proud of him.
Tell Tom that I'm pruning the trees.
Tell Tom that I'm ready.
Tell Tom that I'm sick.
Tell Tom that I'm sleeping.
Tell Tom that I'm sorry.
Tell Tom that I'm still in a meeting.
Tell Tom that I'm still working.
Tell Tom that I'm studying.
Tell Tom that I'm swimming.
Tell Tom that I'm taking a bath.
Tell Tom that I'm taking a nap.
Tell Tom that I'm thirsty.
Tell Tom that I'm tired.
Tell Tom that I'm too tired to help him.
Tell Tom that I'm waiting for Mary.
Tell Tom that I'm waiting for him at home.
Tell Tom that I'm waiting.
Tell Tom that I'm watching the news.
Tell Tom that I'm working as fast as I can.
Tell Tom that I've broken my leg.
Tell Tom that I've gone fishing.
Tell Tom that Mary and I have to do that by ourselves.
Tell Tom that Mary doesn't want him to come over.
Tell Tom that Mary is here.
Tell Tom that Mary is sick.
Tell Tom that Mary wants to see him.
Tell Tom that dinner is ready.
Tell Tom that dinner's ready.
Tell Tom that everyone is here.
Tell Tom that everything is fine.
Tell Tom that everything's fine.
Tell Tom that he can get in touch with me at home this evening.
Tell Tom that he needs to apologize to Mary.
Tell Tom that he needs to make sure he doesn't forget to renew his passport.
Tell Tom that he needs to wear a tie tomorrow.
Tell Tom that he needs to wear something nice to the party.
Tell Tom that he owes me thirty bucks.
Tell Tom that he should go back to Australia.
Tell Tom that he should go.
Tell Tom that he should lose some weight.
Tell Tom that he should visit Australia.
Tell Tom that he shouldn't be doing that.
Tell Tom that he was recommended by Mary.
Tell Tom that he's invited, too.
Tell Tom that he's wrong.
Tell Tom that if he's finished, he can leave.
Tell Tom that it isn't his fault.
Tell Tom that it isn't my fault.
Tell Tom that it isn't too late to sign up.
Tell Tom that it was a mistake.
Tell Tom that it was all my fault.
Tell Tom that it wasn't my fault.
Tell Tom that it's not too late to sign up.
Tell Tom that it's past his bedtime.
Tell Tom that it's time to leave.
Tell Tom that joke you told me yesterday.
Tell Tom that no one cares what he does.
Tell Tom that that's what he ought to do.
Tell Tom that the problem is solved.
Tell Tom that was a mistake.
Tell Tom that we aren't ready yet.
Tell Tom that we aren't ready.
Tell Tom that we don't need him here.
Tell Tom that we don't want to go.
Tell Tom that we have an emergency.
Tell Tom that we'll be ready.
Tell Tom that we'll see him later.
Tell Tom that we're busy.
Tell Tom that we're here.
Tell Tom that we're leaving.
Tell Tom that we're not going to help Mary.
Tell Tom that we're not going to help him.
Tell Tom that we're not ready.
Tell Tom that we're ready to leave.
Tell Tom that when he's finished, he can leave.
Tell Tom that you don't need it.
Tell Tom that you lied.
Tell Tom that you love him before it's too late.
Tell Tom that you love him.
Tell Tom that you want to go to Australia.
Tell Tom that you're sick.
Tell Tom that's what he ought to do.
Tell Tom that.
Tell Tom the air conditioner isn't working.
Tell Tom the air conditioner needs to be repaired.
Tell Tom the best way to get to Australia.
Tell Tom the best way to get to Boston.
Tell Tom the importance of the meeting.
Tell Tom the problem has been solved.
Tell Tom the problem is solved.
Tell Tom the reason you can't go.
Tell Tom the rest of the news.
Tell Tom the truth.
Tell Tom there's no need to hurry.
Tell Tom there's nothing to be afraid of.
Tell Tom this is hopeless.
Tell Tom this is unacceptable.
Tell Tom this is urgent.
Tell Tom to add a little salt.
Tell Tom to be careful.
Tell Tom to be here at 2:30.
Tell Tom to be here by 2:30.
Tell Tom to be quiet.
Tell Tom to bring Mary along.
Tell Tom to bring a salad.
Tell Tom to bring his guitar.
Tell Tom to buy some eggs.
Tell Tom to buy some sugar.
Tell Tom to call me back.
Tell Tom to call me tomorrow at 2:30 in the afternoon.
Tell Tom to call me.
Tell Tom to call my attorney.
Tell Tom to change his shirt.
Tell Tom to check everything once again.
Tell Tom to close the windows.
Tell Tom to comb his hair.
Tell Tom to come and see me.
Tell Tom to come back to Boston.
Tell Tom to come here at once.
Tell Tom to come here.
Tell Tom to come home.
Tell Tom to come in.
Tell Tom to come see me.
Tell Tom to come to Australia.
Tell Tom to come to Boston.
Tell Tom to come to my office right away.
Tell Tom to come up here.
Tell Tom to come up.
Tell Tom to come.
Tell Tom to do it more slowly and more carefully.
Tell Tom to do it.
Tell Tom to do that later.
Tell Tom to do that tomorrow.
Tell Tom to do that.
Tell Tom to do the same.
Tell Tom to do this.
Tell Tom to do what needs to be done.
Tell Tom to eat his vegetables.
Tell Tom to find Mary.
Tell Tom to follow me.
Tell Tom to forget it.
Tell Tom to get back here as soon as he can.
Tell Tom to get here early.
Tell Tom to get in here.
Tell Tom to get lost.
Tell Tom to get moving.
Tell Tom to get ready to leave.
Tell Tom to get ready.
Tell Tom to get some rest.
Tell Tom to give Mary this.
Tell Tom to give that to me.
Tell Tom to give this to Mary.
Tell Tom to give you some scissors.
Tell Tom to go away.
Tell Tom to go back to Boston.
Tell Tom to go home.
Tell Tom to go pick Mary up.
Tell Tom to go there.
Tell Tom to help Mary.
Tell Tom to help me.
Tell Tom to help us.
Tell Tom to hold.
Tell Tom to hurry back.
Tell Tom to hurry up.
Tell Tom to hurry.
Tell Tom to investigate.
Tell Tom to keep his hands to himself.
Tell Tom to keep it.
Tell Tom to keep quiet.
Tell Tom to leave me alone.
Tell Tom to leave.
Tell Tom to let the dog in.
Tell Tom to let the dog out.
Tell Tom to lock the door.
Tell Tom to make sandwiches.
Tell Tom to meet me at Mary's.
Tell Tom to meet me here right away.
Tell Tom to meet me in front of the post office.
Tell Tom to meet me in the parking lot.
Tell Tom to meet me there.
Tell Tom to meet us at the station.
Tell Tom to meet us at the subway station.
Tell Tom to meet us there at 2:30.
Tell Tom to mind his own business.
Tell Tom to not look for me.
Tell Tom to order a pizza.
Tell Tom to pick up the phone.
Tell Tom to proceed.
Tell Tom to quit crying.
Tell Tom to quit doing that.
Tell Tom to quit harassing me.
Tell Tom to quit singing.
Tell Tom to relax.
Tell Tom to show up.
Tell Tom to shut up.
Tell Tom to stand by.
Tell Tom to stand.
Tell Tom to stay away from Mary.
Tell Tom to stay away from me.
Tell Tom to stay away from my house.
Tell Tom to stay in Australia.
Tell Tom to stay in Boston.
Tell Tom to stay out of my house.
Tell Tom to stay put for now.
Tell Tom to stay up here.
Tell Tom to stay where he is.
Tell Tom to stop bothering me.
Tell Tom to stop crying.
Tell Tom to stop doing that.
Tell Tom to stop following me around.
Tell Tom to stop fooling around.
Tell Tom to stop harassing me.
Tell Tom to stop right there.
Tell Tom to stop staring at me.
Tell Tom to stop worrying.
Tell Tom to stop.
Tell Tom to take a hike.
Tell Tom to take a seat.
Tell Tom to take his time.
Tell Tom to take off his shoes.
Tell Tom to tell Mary that John said it was OK to tell Alice.
Tell Tom to try harder.
Tell Tom to wait a moment.
Tell Tom to wait in the lobby.
Tell Tom to wait there.
Tell Tom to wait.
Tell Tom to wash his hands.
Tell Tom to write me.
Tell Tom to write to me.
Tell Tom we aren't ready yet.
Tell Tom we aren't ready.
Tell Tom we can't do that.
Tell Tom we don't plan go to his party.
Tell Tom we don't want to go.
Tell Tom we have something to show him.
Tell Tom we plan to be there on time.
Tell Tom we said so.
Tell Tom we want to know the truth.
Tell Tom we want to talk with him.
Tell Tom we'll be ready.
Tell Tom we'll be there in thirty minutes.
Tell Tom we'll see him later.
Tell Tom we're busy.
Tell Tom we're doing the best we can.
Tell Tom we're going to meet him at the airport.
Tell Tom we're going to need more time.
Tell Tom we're here.
Tell Tom we're not ready.
Tell Tom we're on our way.
Tell Tom we're ready to go.
Tell Tom we're ready to leave.
Tell Tom we're too tired to come over tonight.
Tell Tom we're very sorry.
Tell Tom we're waiting for him.
Tell Tom what Mary asked you to do.
Tell Tom what Mary asked you to tell him.
Tell Tom what Mary did to you.
Tell Tom what Mary did.
Tell Tom what Mary said she wants.
Tell Tom what Mary said.
Tell Tom what Mary told you.
Tell Tom what Mary wants us to do.
Tell Tom what Mary was wearing.
Tell Tom what else he needs to buy.
Tell Tom what else is on your mind.
Tell Tom what happened here today.
Tell Tom what happened here.
Tell Tom what happened to Mary.
Tell Tom what happened.
Tell Tom what has to be done.
Tell Tom what he has to do.
Tell Tom what he needs to do.
Tell Tom what he should do first.
Tell Tom what he should do if that happens.
Tell Tom what he should do.
Tell Tom what he wants to hear.
Tell Tom what he's doing wrong.
Tell Tom what he's supposed to do.
Tell Tom what it is.
Tell Tom what it was.
Tell Tom what kind of food you like.
Tell Tom what needs to be done.
Tell Tom what really happened.
Tell Tom what should be done.
Tell Tom what that is.
Tell Tom what that means.
Tell Tom what the problem was.
Tell Tom what the rules are.
Tell Tom what this is.
Tell Tom what this means.
Tell Tom what time he needs to be there.
Tell Tom what time he's supposed to be there.
Tell Tom what to do.
Tell Tom what we're doing here.
Tell Tom what you bought.
Tell Tom what you did.
Tell Tom what you have in mind.
Tell Tom what you heard.
Tell Tom what you just told me.
Tell Tom what you know about it.
Tell Tom what you know.
Tell Tom what you mean.
Tell Tom what you need him to do.
Tell Tom what you need.
Tell Tom what you saw last night.
Tell Tom what you saw today.
Tell Tom what you saw.
Tell Tom what you think about the article Mary wrote.
Tell Tom what you think has to be done.
Tell Tom what you think needs to be done.
Tell Tom what you think of him.
Tell Tom what you think should be done.
Tell Tom what you think we need to do.
Tell Tom what you think we ought to do.
Tell Tom what you think we should do.
Tell Tom what you think.
Tell Tom what you told me.
Tell Tom what you want done.
Tell Tom what you want him to do.
Tell Tom what you want to buy.
Tell Tom what you want to do.
Tell Tom what you want to say.
Tell Tom what you want.
Tell Tom what you were planning to do.
Tell Tom what you'll do.
Tell Tom what you're doing here.
Tell Tom what you've done.
Tell Tom what your opinion is.
Tell Tom what your problem is.
Tell Tom what'll happen to him if he doesn't do it.
Tell Tom what's going on here.
Tell Tom what's going on.
Tell Tom what's going to happen to him if he does that.
Tell Tom what's happening.
Tell Tom what's on your mind.
Tell Tom what's wrong.
Tell Tom when Mary will be back.
Tell Tom when he should do that.
Tell Tom when the next meeting will be.
Tell Tom when to come.
Tell Tom when you will come back.
Tell Tom when you'll be back.
Tell Tom when you'll do that.
Tell Tom when you're coming back.
Tell Tom when you're going to be in Australia.
Tell Tom when you're going to be in Boston.
Tell Tom when you're ready.
Tell Tom where Mary is.
Tell Tom where he can park his car.
Tell Tom where he should change trains.
Tell Tom where he should go next.
Tell Tom where he should go.
Tell Tom where he should park his car.
Tell Tom where my house is.
Tell Tom where the bus stop is.
Tell Tom where the library is.
Tell Tom where the police station is.
Tell Tom where to go.
Tell Tom where to park his car.
Tell Tom where to put his suitcase.
Tell Tom where to put the suitcases.
Tell Tom where to put this.
Tell Tom where to sit.
Tell Tom where we're going.
Tell Tom where we've gone.
Tell Tom where you are.
Tell Tom where you live.
Tell Tom where you went.
Tell Tom where you'll be next summer.
Tell Tom where you'll be.
Tell Tom where you're going next summer.
Tell Tom whether he has to do that or not.
Tell Tom whether you'll come or not.
Tell Tom whether you'll do that or not.
Tell Tom which bus goes downtown.
Tell Tom which bus he should take to get to the station.
Tell Tom which bus to get on.
Tell Tom which bus to take.
Tell Tom which one to take.
Tell Tom which train he should get on.
Tell Tom which train to catch.
Tell Tom which umbrella is yours.
Tell Tom who to give that to.
Tell Tom who you are.
Tell Tom who you met today.
Tell Tom who'll be there tomorrow.
Tell Tom who'll do that.
Tell Tom why he should do that.
Tell Tom why we're here.
Tell Tom why you can't go.
Tell Tom why you did that.
Tell Tom why you didn't buy what he asked you to buy.
Tell Tom why you didn't do that.
Tell Tom why you don't eat meat.
Tell Tom why you don't want to do that.
Tell Tom why you plan on doing that.
Tell Tom why you plan to do that.
Tell Tom why you want to do that.
Tell Tom why you want to leave.
Tell Tom why you were fired.
Tell Tom why you're crying.
Tell Tom why you're here.
Tell Tom why.
Tell Tom you can't do it.
Tell Tom you can't do that.
Tell Tom you don't need it.
Tell Tom you lied.
Tell Tom you understand.
Tell Tom you want him to go.
Tell Tom you want to go camping with us.
Tell Tom you want to go to Australia.
Tell Tom you want to go to Boston.
Tell Tom you'd like some privacy.
Tell Tom you'd like something to eat.
Tell Tom you'd like to go with Mary.
Tell Tom you'd like to go with him.
Tell Tom you'd like to help.
Tell Tom you'd like to leave.
Tell Tom you're not ready.
Tell Tom you're sick.
Tell Tom you're too busy to help Mary.
Tell Tom you're too busy to help him.
Tell Tom you're too tired to help.
Tell Tom your name.
Tell Tom your opinion.
Tell Tom your secret.
Tell Tom your theory.
Tell Tom yourself.
Tell Tom.
Tell Tom. I want him to know it was me.
Tell Ziri Rima is OK.
Tell Ziri that his sarcasm is rude as fuck.
Tell Ziri where you hid the cash.
Tell Ziri.
Tell a beautiful story to my young friend.
Tell a lie often enough and it will become the truth.
Tell a scary story.
Tell a story after dinner.
Tell a story which illustrates perfectly your power sound bite and which will leave a lingering memory for the audience to think about.
Tell about yourself.
Tell all your friends about the party we're having.
Tell an adult if you see someone in trouble in the water.
Tell anyone about this and you die.
Tell everybody I'm allergic to peanuts.
Tell everybody that we want to do that, too.
Tell everybody to stand by.
Tell everybody we want to do that, too.
Tell everybody we'll be there soon.
Tell everybody.
Tell everyone around you that tonight's party will be a huge one!
Tell everyone at home I said hi.
Tell everyone that we want to do that, too.
Tell everyone the truth.
Tell everyone we want to do that, too.
Tell everyone we're here.
Tell everyone you know about my concert.
Tell everyone you're drunk.
Tell everyone.
Tell grandmother that I am studying hard.
Tell her I didn't read it.
Tell her I don't want to go.
Tell her I feel fine.
Tell her I had to leave.
Tell her I have a broken leg.
Tell her I have some questions for her.
Tell her I miss her.
Tell her I need some money.
Tell her I said congratulations.
Tell her I said goodbye.
Tell her I said hello.
Tell her I said hi.
Tell her I said mazal tov.
Tell her I sent you.
Tell her I still love her.
Tell her I won't be there.
Tell her I won't do that.
Tell her I'll be back.
Tell her I'll be home soon.
Tell her I'll be right back.
Tell her I'll be right over.
Tell her I'll be right there.
Tell her I'll be there by 2:30.
Tell her I'll call back later.
Tell her I'll call back.
Tell her I'll call her back.
Tell her I'll come back.
Tell her I'll do it.
Tell her I'm busy.
Tell her I'm coming back.
Tell her I'm coming over.
Tell her I'm coming right over.
Tell her I'm coming.
Tell her I'm hanging up the laundry.
Tell her I'm having a bath.
Tell her I'm hungry.
Tell her I'm ill.
Tell her I'm in France.
Tell her I'm in a meeting.
Tell her I'm in the office.
Tell her I'm innocent.
Tell her I'm not here.
Tell her I'm on my way over.
Tell her I'm on my way.
Tell her I'm ready.
Tell her I'm sick.
Tell her I'm sorry.
Tell her I'm taking a siesta.
Tell her about it.
Tell her about your trip.
Tell her anything you want.
Tell her everything I told you.
Tell her everything is fine.
Tell her everything you know.
Tell her everything.
Tell her for me, OK?
Tell her he's to bring them to us straight away.
Tell her hi for me.
Tell her how displeased I am.
Tell her how matters are progressing.
Tell her how you feel.
Tell her how you're feeling.
Tell her in person.
Tell her it was a mistake.
Tell her it was all your fault.
Tell her it's a priority.
Tell her it's an emergency.
Tell her it's important.
Tell her it's not her fault.
Tell her it's not my fault.
Tell her it's not your fault.
Tell her it's urgent.
Tell her no.
Tell her not to be late.
Tell her not to come.
Tell her not to get near the dog.
Tell her not to look for me.
Tell her not to talk to anyone.
Tell her she has to get up.
Tell her she should present her immediate resignation.
Tell her she should submit her immediate resignation.
Tell her thanks but no thanks.
Tell her thanks.
Tell her that I am angry with her.
Tell her that I am angry.
Tell her that I am basking in the sun.
Tell her that I am breast-feeding my baby.
Tell her that I am busy.
Tell her that I am carding the wool.
Tell her that I am clearing the garden.
Tell her that I am combing my hair.
Tell her that I am coming.
Tell her that I am cooking dinner.
Tell her that I am cutting the meat.
Tell her that I am doing shopping.
Tell her that I am dressing.
Tell her that I am drinking juice.
Tell her that I am driving.
Tell her that I am dyeing my hair.
Tell her that I am eating.
Tell her that I am exhausted.
Tell her that I am fed up of her lies.
Tell her that I am fishing.
Tell her that I am having a nap.
Tell her that I am having dinner.
Tell her that I am heating up the car.
Tell her that I am helping Taninna with her homework.
Tell her that I am hungry.
Tell her that I am in France.
Tell her that I am in a taxi.
Tell her that I am ironing my clothes.
Tell her that I am joking with her.
Tell her that I am joking.
Tell her that I am just joking with her.
Tell her that I am just joking.
Tell her that I am learning driving.
Tell her that I am listening to music.
Tell her that I am looking for the keys.
Tell her that I am mopping the kitchen.
Tell her that I am not going to school today.
Tell her that I am peeling the potatoes.
Tell her that I am pegging up the washing.
Tell her that I am playing with the kids.
Tell her that I am praying.
Tell her that I am preparing dinner.
Tell her that I am proud of her.
Tell her that I am pruning the trees.
Tell her that I am reading the newspaper.
Tell her that I am repairing the refrigerator.
Tell her that I am sated.
Tell her that I am sewing.
Tell her that I am shaving.
Tell her that I am sick.
Tell her that I am sleeping.
Tell her that I am swimming.
Tell her that I am taking a bath.
Tell her that I am taking a shower.
Tell her that I am talking on the phone.
Tell her that I am thinking about a solution.
Tell her that I am thirsty.
Tell her that I am tired.
Tell her that I am training.
Tell her that I am treating a patient.
Tell her that I am waiting for her.
Tell her that I am washing the car.
Tell her that I am watching the news.
Tell her that I am writing a letter.
Tell her that I know who she is.
Tell her that I love her.
Tell her that I only drink green tea.
Tell her that I said hi.
Tell her that I'll do it.
Tell her that I'm fine.
Tell her that I'm here.
Tell her that I'm in France.
Tell her that I'm ready.
Tell her that I'm sorry.
Tell her that everyone is here.
Tell her that he should bring them to us immediately.
Tell her that he should bring them to us straight away.
Tell her that in Berber.
Tell her that.
Tell her the meeting's off.
Tell her the problem is solved.
Tell her the truth.
Tell her there's no shame in crying.
Tell her this is hopeless.
Tell her this is urgent.
Tell her to be careful.
Tell her to be here by 2:30.
Tell her to bring them to us immediately!
Tell her to bring them to us immediately.
Tell her to bring them to us straight away.
Tell her to call me.
Tell her to come at noon.
Tell her to come here at once.
Tell her to come here.
Tell her to come home.
Tell her to come in.
Tell her to come see me.
Tell her to do the same.
Tell her to get in here.
Tell her to get ready to leave.
Tell her to get ready.
Tell her to go home.
Tell her to help him.
Tell her to help me.
Tell her to help us.
Tell her to hurry back.
Tell her to hurry.
Tell her to leave me alone.
Tell her to leave.
Tell her to let the dog in.
Tell her to let the dog out.
Tell her to mind her own business.
Tell her to not look for me.
Tell her to pick up the phone.
Tell her to relax.
Tell her to show up.
Tell her to shut up.
Tell her to stay put for now.
Tell her to stop staring at me.
Tell her to stop worrying.
Tell her to stop.
Tell her to take a hike.
Tell her to take a seat.
Tell her to try harder.
Tell her to wait in the lobby.
Tell her to wait.
Tell her to write me.
Tell her we don't want to go.
Tell her we said congratulations.
Tell her we'll be ready.
Tell her we're busy.
Tell her we're here.
Tell her we're on our way.
Tell her we're ready to go.
Tell her what happened.
Tell her what he told you.
Tell her what really happened.
Tell her what she told you.
Tell her what to do.
Tell her what you heard.
Tell her what you just told me.
Tell her what you know.
Tell her what you mean.
Tell her what you need.
Tell her what you saw.
Tell her what you told me.
Tell her what you want to do.
Tell her what you want.
Tell her what's on your mind.
Tell her whatever you want.
Tell her when you're ready.
Tell her where we've gone.
Tell her where you are.
Tell her which bus to get on.
Tell her which one she's meant to take.
Tell her which one she's supposed to take.
Tell her which one to take.
Tell her which train she should get on.
Tell her which train to catch.
Tell her who you are.
Tell her who you met today.
Tell her why you can't go.
Tell her why.
Tell her you can't do it.
Tell her you don't need it.
Tell her you lied.
Tell her you like her. Don't be afraid. She won't bite you.
Tell her you like her. Don’t be afraid. She won’t bite you.
Tell her you'd like to help.
Tell her you'd like to leave.
Tell her you're from America and then speak with an accent.
Tell her you're ill.
Tell her you're not ready.
Tell her you're sick.
Tell her your name.
Tell her your theory.
Tell her yourself.
Tell her, asshole!
Tell her, you idiot!
Tell her.
Tell him I didn't read it.
Tell him I don't want to go.
Tell him I feel fine.
Tell him I got sick.
Tell him I had to leave.
Tell him I have a broken leg.
Tell him I have a few questions for him.
Tell him I have some questions for her.
Tell him I have some questions for him.
Tell him I love you.
Tell him I need some money.
Tell him I said congratulations.
Tell him I said goodbye.
Tell him I said hello.
Tell him I said hi.
Tell him I said mazal tov.
Tell him I sent you.
Tell him I still love him.
Tell him I won't be there.
Tell him I won't do that.
Tell him I'll be back.
Tell him I'll be home soon.
Tell him I'll be right back.
Tell him I'll be right over.
Tell him I'll be right there.
Tell him I'll be there by 2:30.
Tell him I'll call back later.
Tell him I'll call back.
Tell him I'll call him back.
Tell him I'll come back.
Tell him I'll do it.
Tell him I'm busy.
Tell him I'm coming back.
Tell him I'm coming over.
Tell him I'm coming right over.
Tell him I'm coming.
Tell him I'm hanging up the laundry.
Tell him I'm ill.
Tell him I'm in a meeting.
Tell him I'm in the office.
Tell him I'm innocent.
Tell him I'm not here.
Tell him I'm not in.
Tell him I'm not ready.
Tell him I'm on my way over.
Tell him I'm on my way.
Tell him I'm ready.
Tell him I'm sick.
Tell him I'm sorry.
Tell him I'm waiting for him.
Tell him I've fallen ill.
Tell him I’m not in.
Tell him about it.
Tell him about your trip.
Tell him anything you want.
Tell him either to call on me or to ring me up.
Tell him everything I told you.
Tell him everything is fine.
Tell him everything you know.
Tell him everything.
Tell him for me, OK?
Tell him he needs to leave.
Tell him he should present his immediate resignation.
Tell him he should submit his immediate resignation.
Tell him hi for me.
Tell him how displeased I am.
Tell him how matters are progressing.
Tell him how you feel.
Tell him how you're feeling.
Tell him in person.
Tell him it was a mistake.
Tell him it was all your fault.
Tell him it!
Tell him it's a priority.
Tell him it's an emergency.
Tell him it's important.
Tell him it's not his fault.
Tell him it's not my fault.
Tell him it's not your fault.
Tell him it's urgent.
Tell him no.
Tell him not to be late for school.
Tell him not to be late.
Tell him not to come.
Tell him not to go.
Tell him not to sing.
Tell him not to talk to anyone.
Tell him so, when he comes back.
Tell him thanks but no thanks.
Tell him thanks.
Tell him that I am coming.
Tell him that I am full.
Tell him that I am not asleep yet.
Tell him that I am sated.
Tell him that I am sick. Lie. Or, if you prefer, tell him the truth.
Tell him that I have a broken leg.
Tell him that I have perished and that my cadaver is now being used by medical students at a leading Catholic university.
Tell him that I want to see the telegram that he sent.
Tell him that I'll do it.
Tell him that I'm fine.
Tell him that I'm here.
Tell him that I'm ready.
Tell him that I'm sorry.
Tell him that before I die I'd like to see him again and I'm sure he won't say no.
Tell him that everyone is here.
Tell him that in the afterlife.
Tell him that you stole the money.
Tell him that.
Tell him the problem is solved.
Tell him the truth.
Tell him this is hopeless.
Tell him this is urgent.
Tell him to be careful.
Tell him to be here by 2:30.
Tell him to bring them to us immediately!
Tell him to bring them to us immediately.
Tell him to bring them to us straight away.
Tell him to call me tomorrow at noon.
Tell him to call me.
Tell him to come at noon.
Tell him to come here at once.
Tell him to come here.
Tell him to come home.
Tell him to come in.
Tell him to come see me.
Tell him to come.
Tell him to do the same.
Tell him to get a life.
Tell him to get in here.
Tell him to get moving.
Tell him to get ready to leave.
Tell him to get ready.
Tell him to give it to me.
Tell him to give it to them.
Tell him to give them to me.
Tell him to give them to you.
Tell him to go home.
Tell him to help her.
Tell him to help me.
Tell him to help us.
Tell him to hurry back.
Tell him to hurry up, it's getting late.
Tell him to hurry.
Tell him to keep his mouth shut.
Tell him to leave me alone.
Tell him to leave.
Tell him to let the dog in.
Tell him to let the dog out.
Tell him to mind his own business.
Tell him to pick up the phone.
Tell him to quit his yakking.
Tell him to relax.
Tell him to show up.
Tell him to shut his mouth.
Tell him to shut up.
Tell him to stay put for now.
Tell him to stop staring at me.
Tell him to stop worrying.
Tell him to stop.
Tell him to take a hike.
Tell him to take a seat.
Tell him to try harder.
Tell him to wait in the lobby.
Tell him to wait.
Tell him to write me.
Tell him tomorrow.
Tell him we don't want to go.
Tell him we'll be ready.
Tell him we're busy.
Tell him we're here.
Tell him we're on our way.
Tell him we're ready to go.
Tell him what happened.
Tell him what really happened.
Tell him what to do.
Tell him what you heard.
Tell him what you just told me.
Tell him what you know.
Tell him what you mean.
Tell him what you need.
Tell him what you saw in the forest.
Tell him what you saw.
Tell him what you told me.
Tell him what you want to do.
Tell him what you want.
Tell him what's on your mind.
Tell him whatever you want.
Tell him when you're ready.
Tell him when you've got it in sight.
Tell him where he should go.
Tell him where we've gone.
Tell him where you are.
Tell him who you are.
Tell him who you met today.
Tell him why you can't go.
Tell him why.
Tell him you can't do it.
Tell him you don't need him.
Tell him you don't need it.
Tell him you lied.
Tell him you like him. Don't be afraid. He won't bite you.
Tell him you love him before it's too late!
Tell him you love him before it's too late.
Tell him you'd like to help.
Tell him you'd like to leave.
Tell him you're ill.
Tell him you're not ready.
Tell him you're sick.
Tell him your father's a policeman.
Tell him your name.
Tell him your theory.
Tell him yourself.
Tell him, asshole!
Tell him, you idiot!
Tell him.
Tell it like it is.
Tell it to him!
Tell it to him! Just tell it to him!
Tell it to him, not me!
Tell it to somebody else.
Tell it to someone more gullible.
Tell it to the cops.
Tell it to the judge.
Tell it to the marines!
Tell it to us.
Tell it to whoever you have to.
Tell it to your dog or your cat.
Tell it, please, to your great-grandmother.
Tell just the truth.
Tell me I did the right thing.
Tell me I was close.
Tell me I'm dreaming.
Tell me I'm not dreaming.
Tell me I'm not the only one who saw this coming.
Tell me I'm wrong.
Tell me Tom's email address.
Tell me a bedtime story.
Tell me a bit about you.
Tell me a bit about your love life.
Tell me a bit about yourself.
Tell me a ghost story.
Tell me a good story.
Tell me a joke in Berber.
Tell me a joke so I can laugh.
Tell me a joke.
Tell me a little about Tom.
Tell me a little about her.
Tell me a little about him.
Tell me a little about them.
Tell me a little about your interests.
Tell me a little about your trip.
Tell me a little about yourself.
Tell me a little about yourselves.
Tell me a little bit about your trip.
Tell me a little bit about yourself.
Tell me a little more about that.
Tell me a little more than that.
Tell me a local legend.
Tell me a nice story.
Tell me a phrase with that word.
Tell me a reliable source.
Tell me a sad story.
Tell me a story before going to bed.
Tell me a story from beginning to end.
Tell me a story in one sentence.
Tell me a story with a happy ending.
Tell me a story!
Tell me a story.
Tell me a true story.
Tell me a typical Japanese joke.
Tell me about Algeria.
Tell me about Australia.
Tell me about Boston.
Tell me about Dr. Jackson's lecture.
Tell me about Germany.
Tell me about Halloween.
Tell me about Islam.
Tell me about Tatoeba.
Tell me about Tom and Mary.
Tell me about Tom and his family.
Tell me about Tom later.
Tell me about Tom's concert.
Tell me about Tom's divorce.
Tell me about Tom's escape.
Tell me about Tom's party.
Tell me about Tom's wedding.
Tell me about Tom.
Tell me about a book you'd recommend.
Tell me about a challenge you overcame.
Tell me about a memorable event in your life.
Tell me about a mistake that taught you something valuable.
Tell me about a moment that changed your life.
Tell me about a person you respect.
Tell me about a place you'd like to visit again.
Tell me about a skill you're proud of.
Tell me about a time someone helped you.
Tell me about a time when you disagreed with your boss.
Tell me about a time you helped someone.
Tell me about a time you made a mistake.
Tell me about a time you made someone cry.
Tell me about a time you made someone laugh.
Tell me about a time you were really surprised.
Tell me about an accomplishment that you're proud of.
Tell me about an accomplishment you are most proud of.
Tell me about an accomplishment you're proud of.
Tell me about her.
Tell me about her. What does she look like?
Tell me about him and his family.
Tell me about him.
Tell me about him. What does he look like?
Tell me about how smoking has impacted your life.
Tell me about how you met your best friend.
Tell me about how you met your girlfriend.
Tell me about it now.
Tell me about it tomorrow.
Tell me about it!
Tell me about it, I'm all ears.
Tell me about it, Jamal.
Tell me about it, Tom.
Tell me about it.
Tell me about it. I'm all ears.
Tell me about it. I’m all ears.
Tell me about last night.
Tell me about one happy memory you have.
Tell me about some of the places you visited.
Tell me about some of the places you've visited.
Tell me about some of your accomplishments that you're proud of.
Tell me about something that you wish you could do, but don't think you have the time or the money to do?
Tell me about the Turkish in Germany.
Tell me about the accident.
Tell me about the ambush.
Tell me about the avalanche.
Tell me about the best advice you've ever received.
Tell me about the death.
Tell me about the experiment.
Tell me about the first time you traveled abroad.
Tell me about the first time you visited Australia.
Tell me about the games you like to play at recess.
Tell me about the happiest day in your life.
Tell me about the incident.
Tell me about the last book you read.
Tell me about the last movie you watched.
Tell me about the last party you went to.
Tell me about the last time you tried something new.
Tell me about the last time you went to Boston.
Tell me about the most important lessons you've learned in life.
Tell me about the most interesting person you’ve ever met.
Tell me about the most interesting place you've ever traveled to.
Tell me about the most interesting place you've ever visited.
Tell me about the murder.
Tell me about the party.
Tell me about the person you like!
Tell me about the proudest moment in your life.
Tell me about the religion of Islam.
Tell me about the scandal.
Tell me about the scar on your palm.
Tell me about the situation.
Tell me about the temple.
Tell me about the time you spent in Australia.
Tell me about them.
Tell me about this forest.
Tell me about this girl.
Tell me about this guy.
Tell me about this new boyfriend.
Tell me about those.
Tell me about what Tom did.
Tell me about what happened at your party.
Tell me about what happened in Australia.
Tell me about what happened in Boston.
Tell me about what happened.
Tell me about what you ate at the restaurant.
Tell me about what you did in Boston.
Tell me about what you did last summer.
Tell me about what you did today.
Tell me about what you do every day.
Tell me about what you do for fun.
Tell me about what's going to happen tomorrow.
Tell me about you and your family.
Tell me about you, Ziri.
Tell me about your Canadian girlfriend.
Tell me about your accident.
Tell me about your bees.
Tell me about your best friend at school.
Tell me about your best friend.
Tell me about your boyfriend.
Tell me about your car.
Tell me about your childhood.
Tell me about your children.
Tell me about your company.
Tell me about your crush!
Tell me about your daily commute.
Tell me about your daily life.
Tell me about your date.
Tell me about your day.
Tell me about your dream vacation.
Tell me about your dreams, Tom.
Tell me about your dreams.
Tell me about your everyday life.
Tell me about your family.
Tell me about your fantastic dreams in which you are the emperor of the universe and command an army of billions of robots.
Tell me about your farm.
Tell me about your father.
Tell me about your favorite book.
Tell me about your favorite food.
Tell me about your favorite memories from childhood.
Tell me about your favorite outdoor activity.
Tell me about your favorite thing to do on weekends.
Tell me about your favorite way to relax.
Tell me about your fight with Tom.
Tell me about your first job.
Tell me about your first kiss.
Tell me about your girlfriend.
Tell me about your goals for the future.
Tell me about your hobbies.
Tell me about your holiday plans.
Tell me about your hunting trip.
Tell me about your investigation.
Tell me about your job.
Tell me about your kids.
Tell me about your last vacation.
Tell me about your life after Islam.
Tell me about your life before Islam.
Tell me about your life before and after Islam.
Tell me about your life, work and hobbies.
Tell me about your lifestyle after Islam.
Tell me about your lifestyle before Islam.
Tell me about your lifestyle before and after Islam.
Tell me about your morning routine.
Tell me about your new boyfriend.
Tell me about your new computer.
Tell me about your new girlfriend.
Tell me about your operation.
Tell me about your parents.
Tell me about your plan.
Tell me about your plans for the weekend.
Tell me about your problem.
Tell me about your problems.
Tell me about your program for the future.
Tell me about your project.
Tell me about your relationship with Tom.
Tell me about your school.
Tell me about your ship.
Tell me about your son.
Tell me about your spiders and snakes.
Tell me about your successes in business.
Tell me about your symptoms.
Tell me about your teacher.
Tell me about your trip to Australia.
Tell me about your trip to Boston.
Tell me about your trip to Kabylie.
Tell me about your trip.
Tell me about your upbringing.
Tell me about your vacation.
Tell me about your wife.
Tell me about yourself, please, Sir Anthony.
Tell me about yourself.
Tell me again how much money you have.
Tell me again that you love me.
Tell me again what I'm supposed to do.
Tell me again what Tom and I are supposed to do.
Tell me again what happened.
Tell me again what time you expect me to be there.
Tell me again what we're doing here.
Tell me again when the concert begins.
Tell me again where Tom and Mary are planning to go to college.
Tell me again where Tom is planning to go to college.
Tell me again where you live.
Tell me again who will be helping us.
Tell me again why we're doing this.
Tell me again why we're here.
Tell me again why you like Tom.
Tell me again why you like her.
Tell me again why you like him.
Tell me again why you like them.
Tell me again why you want me to do that.
Tell me again, how do I do this?
Tell me again, how do we do this?
Tell me again.
Tell me all about how it went.
Tell me all about it from the beginning.
Tell me all about it, Tom, and I'll make us some coffee.
Tell me all about it.
Tell me all about the trip you've made.
Tell me all about the trip you’ve made.
Tell me all about your journey.
Tell me all about your plan.
Tell me all about your trip.
Tell me all the details.
Tell me all the things you don't like about me.
Tell me all you know in connection with this.
Tell me an Algerian joke.
Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I learn.
Tell me another story.
Tell me anything you want to.
Tell me anything you want.
Tell me as much about that as possible.
Tell me as much as you can about Tom.
Tell me as much as you can about what happened.
Tell me at once what you want to do with the tinder-box, or I will draw my sword, and cut off your head!
Tell me at once.
Tell me everything I should know.
Tell me everything Tom said to you.
Tell me everything Tom told you.
Tell me everything about Tom.
Tell me everything about it.
Tell me everything about what you saw.
Tell me everything about you.
Tell me everything from the very beginning.
Tell me everything right away.
Tell me everything that Tom told you.
Tell me everything that happened.
Tell me everything that you can think about it.
Tell me everything you know about Tom.
Tell me everything you know about her.
Tell me everything you know about him.
Tell me everything you know about that.
Tell me everything you know about the situation.
Tell me everything you know about this.
Tell me everything you know about what happened.
Tell me everything you know related to this.
Tell me everything you know.
Tell me everything you need.
Tell me everything!
Tell me everything.
Tell me everywhere you've been.
Tell me exactly what happened.
Tell me exactly what to do.
Tell me exactly what you did after the meal.
Tell me exactly what you did.
Tell me exactly what you heard.
Tell me exactly what you saw Tom doing.
Tell me exactly what you want.
Tell me exactly what you'd like me to do for you.
Tell me exactly what you'd like me to do.
Tell me exactly what's going on.
Tell me exactly what's happening.
Tell me exactly where he lives.
Tell me frankly.
Tell me her father's name, and 'tis enough.
Tell me her name.
Tell me his name.
Tell me how I can contact you.
Tell me how I can do this better.
Tell me how I can get in touch with Tom.
Tell me how I can help Tom.
Tell me how I can help you.
Tell me how I can help.
Tell me how John can be recognised.
Tell me how Tom and Mary met.
Tell me how Tom got it.
Tell me how can I be of service to you.
Tell me how can I help you.
Tell me how did he smiled at you.
Tell me how he got it.
Tell me how he smiled at you.
Tell me how it goes.
Tell me how it happened.
Tell me how it looks.
Tell me how it tastes.
Tell me how it went later.
Tell me how it went.
Tell me how it works.
Tell me how long that boy has been sitting there.
Tell me how many lights you see.
Tell me how many there are.
Tell me how much you paid for that.
Tell me how old you are.
Tell me how that game is played.
Tell me how that happened.
Tell me how that's possible.
Tell me how the robbery went down.
Tell me how to beat sleeplessness.
Tell me how to become a doctor.
Tell me how to do it.
Tell me how to do that.
Tell me how to do this.
Tell me how to fill out the form.
Tell me how to find Tom.
Tell me how to find her.
Tell me how to find him.
Tell me how to find them.
Tell me how to get a hold of you.
Tell me how to get back to the hotel.
Tell me how to get there.
Tell me how to get to Australia.
Tell me how to get to Boston.
Tell me how to get to Tom's house.
Tell me how to get to the airport.
Tell me how to get to the bank.
Tell me how to get to the beach.
Tell me how to get to the post office from here.
Tell me how to get to the restaurant we're going to be eating at.
Tell me how to get to the station.
Tell me how to get to your house.
Tell me how to help Tom.
Tell me how to hold the flag.
Tell me how to make a salad.
Tell me how to play the game.
Tell me how to pronounce this word.
Tell me how to reach you.
Tell me how to solve the problem.
Tell me how to spell the word.
Tell me how to spell your name.
Tell me how to start the engine.
Tell me how to use it.
Tell me how to use the washing machine.
Tell me how you and Tom first met.
Tell me how you are dressed, I'll tell you what you ate.
Tell me how you can help me.
Tell me how you could help me.
Tell me how you did it.
Tell me how you did that.
Tell me how you feel about Tom.
Tell me how you feel about her.
Tell me how you feel about him.
Tell me how you feel about them.
Tell me how you feel.
Tell me how you found out I did that.
Tell me how you found out that I did that.
Tell me how you found out that Tom did that.
Tell me how you go about your daily routine.
Tell me how you got it.
Tell me how you got over such troubles?
Tell me how you got your name.
Tell me how you handled a difficult situation.
Tell me how you knew.
Tell me how you met.
Tell me how you plan on doing that.
Tell me how you plan to do that.
Tell me how you really feel.
Tell me how you solved the problem.
Tell me how you want me to do that.
Tell me how you will take the steamer from Mwanza to Bukoba.
Tell me how you're feeling.
Tell me how you've been feeling.
Tell me how your date went last night.
Tell me how your date went.
Tell me how.
Tell me if I get in your way.
Tell me if I'm wrong.
Tell me if Rosie phones.
Tell me if Rosie rings.
Tell me if Tom is home.
Tell me if Tom is in.
Tell me if Tom will actually be home.
Tell me if Tom's at home.
Tell me if Tom's in.
Tell me if it hurts.
Tell me if it isn't so.
Tell me if it's necessary.
Tell me if it's the truth.
Tell me if my plan is plausible.
Tell me if something is bothering you.
Tell me if the teacher phones.
Tell me if the teacher rings.
Tell me if there's anything I can do to help.
Tell me if there's anything behind all that makeup.
Tell me if you don't think this is funny.
Tell me if you find a boyfriend.
Tell me if you find a new boyfriend.
Tell me if you need anything else.
Tell me if you're coming tomorrow.
Tell me if you're going to give it to him or not.
Tell me if you're happy.
Tell me if you're in good shape.
Tell me if you’re going to give it to him or not.
Tell me immediately!
Tell me immediately, where is my bag?
Tell me in plain English.
Tell me in your own words what happened.
Tell me it isn't true.
Tell me it was a joke.
Tell me it's a photomontage!
Tell me it's not true.
Tell me it's true.
Tell me just, yes!
Tell me later how it was.
Tell me later how it went.
Tell me later.
Tell me more about Halloween.
Tell me more about Islam.
Tell me more about Kabyle girls.
Tell me more about Kabyle women.
Tell me more about Tom.
Tell me more about her.
Tell me more about him.
Tell me more about how I can improve my Berber?
Tell me more about it.
Tell me more about that incident.
Tell me more about the Quran.
Tell me more about them.
Tell me more about this place.
Tell me more about this.
Tell me more about what happened.
Tell me more about your trip.
Tell me more about yourself.
Tell me more about yourselves.
Tell me more!
Tell me more.
Tell me now if you can.
Tell me now that you're a patriot.
Tell me now, dear parents, how does it feel to be dead?
Tell me one more thing.
Tell me one of your stories.
Tell me one reason why I should trust Tom after what he has done to me.
Tell me one reason why I should trust Tom after what he's done to me.
Tell me one reason why I shouldn't do that.
Tell me one thing, why do you yell? What makes you do it? We're not checking on you anymore, haven't seen you for months. What's the reason?
Tell me only once, my only love, oh tell me only once: I love you!
Tell me only what I need to know.
Tell me over dinner.
Tell me please when lunch is ready.
Tell me please!
Tell me precisely why you think so.
Tell me right away, where is my bag?
Tell me right now who that was and what they were looking for!
Tell me right now, where is my bag?
Tell me some funny jokes.
Tell me some jokes, but don't tell me dirty ones.
Tell me some rib-ticklers.
Tell me something I don't already know.
Tell me something I don't know yet.
Tell me something I don't know.
Tell me something I haven't heard before.
Tell me something I'd want to hear.
Tell me something about Tom.
Tell me something about death.
Tell me something about her.
Tell me something about him.
Tell me something about them.
Tell me something about your country.
Tell me something about your family.
Tell me something about your son.
Tell me something about yourself that I don't already know.
Tell me something about yourself.
Tell me something good.
Tell me something important you learned this week.
Tell me something important you learned this weekend.
Tell me something interesting about Tom that I don't know.
Tell me something interesting about garlic because you reek of it.
Tell me something new.
Tell me something nice to cheer me up.
Tell me something pleasant to make me feel better.
Tell me something special about yourself.
Tell me something that I don't know.
Tell me something that'll help me.
Tell me something.
Tell me stories of yesteryear.
Tell me straight, now!
Tell me that I'm not the only one who saw this coming.
Tell me that I'm right.
Tell me that didn't just happen.
Tell me that isn't so.
Tell me that isn't true.
Tell me that story again.
Tell me that story you heard from your brother.
Tell me that story.
Tell me that that's not going to happen.
Tell me that this is only a nightmare.
Tell me that this is simply a bad dream.
Tell me that was a joke!
Tell me that we haven't failed.
Tell me that you understand.
Tell me that you'll do that.
Tell me that you'll never do that again.
Tell me that you're all mine.
Tell me that you're going to do that.
Tell me that you've forgiven me.
Tell me that's a joke.
Tell me that's not the truth.
Tell me that's not true.
Tell me the bad news first.
Tell me the correct answer.
Tell me the details.
Tell me the entire story.
Tell me the exact time when the next train will arrive.
Tell me the funniest joke you know.
Tell me the good news first.
Tell me the matter, friend.
Tell me the meaning of life.
Tell me the more exact time.
Tell me the name of the ninth month.
Tell me the news!
Tell me the news, Tom.
Tell me the news.
Tell me the object of your plan.
Tell me the password.
Tell me the precise time for their arrival.
Tell me the reason for your absence from school yesterday.
Tell me the reason why Tom and Mary were fired.
Tell me the reason why Tom was fired.
Tell me the reason why he was fired.
Tell me the reason why she got angry.
Tell me the reason why they are absent.
Tell me the reason why you married her.
Tell me the reason why you want to live in the countryside.
Tell me the reason why you were late for school.
Tell me the reason you didn't come yesterday.
Tell me the reason you didn’t come yesterday.
Tell me the reason you were absent from school yesterday.
Tell me the rest of the story.
Tell me the rest.
Tell me the right answer to it.
Tell me the right time, please.
Tell me the situation.
Tell me the story from the start, and don't leave out a single thing.
Tell me the story of 1001 Nights.
Tell me the story of your life.
Tell me the story.
Tell me the substance of his speech.
Tell me the time when you will come.
Tell me the truth about Tom.
Tell me the truth and I'll give you whatever you want.
Tell me the truth at once.
Tell me the truth for God's sake.
Tell me the truth!
Tell me the truth, Thomas. Do not lie to me.
Tell me the truth, Tom.
Tell me the truth, did you get off with my girlfriend?
Tell me the truth, please.
Tell me the truth, unless you think I can't take it.
Tell me the truth.
Tell me the truth. I won't get mad.
Tell me the whole story and start from the beginning.
Tell me the whole story from the beginning.
Tell me the whole story.
Tell me their names.
Tell me then what you've decided.
Tell me there's a reason.
Tell me this is a joke.
Tell me this is going to work.
Tell me this is over.
Tell me this isn't happening.
Tell me this isn't really happening.
Tell me this isn't true.
Tell me this isn't weird.
Tell me three American presidents!
Tell me three things that you can do well.
Tell me three things that you can't do well.
Tell me three things that you have to do every day.
Tell me three things that you're good at.
Tell me three things you can do well.
Tell me three things you can't do well.
Tell me three things you have to do every day.
Tell me three things you've ever fastened with a safety pin.
Tell me to leave and I'll leave.
Tell me to wait for you and I will.
Tell me truly what you think about it.
Tell me truly what you think.
Tell me we have it under control.
Tell me we're not both completely stupid.
Tell me what I can do to help you.
Tell me what I can do to help.
Tell me what I can do.
Tell me what I can serve you.
Tell me what I did wrong.
Tell me what I have to do next.
Tell me what I have to do.
Tell me what I missed.
Tell me what I must do.
Tell me what I need to do next.
Tell me what I need to do.
Tell me what I need to know.
Tell me what I ought to do next.
Tell me what I should be doing.
Tell me what I should be watching for.
Tell me what I should do first.
Tell me what I should do next.
Tell me what I should do with this.
Tell me what I should do.
Tell me what I should have done.
Tell me what I should've done.
Tell me what I want to hear.
Tell me what I want to know or I'll break your arm.
Tell me what I want to know.
Tell me what I'm doing wrong.
Tell me what I'm supposed to say, and I'll say it.
Tell me what Mary took with her.
Tell me what Tom and I are doing here.
Tell me what Tom and Mary took with them.
Tell me what Tom did.
Tell me what Tom has planned.
Tell me what Tom is like.
Tell me what Tom needs.
Tell me what Tom said.
Tell me what Tom told you.
Tell me what Tom took with him.
Tell me what Tom wanted.
Tell me what bread you'd like to eat.
Tell me what cottage cheese is made from.
Tell me what else I need to do.
Tell me what else I should know.
Tell me what else is on the list.
Tell me what else is on your mind.
Tell me what happened in Boston.
Tell me what happened in that room.
Tell me what happened in the mosque.
Tell me what happened that night.
Tell me what happened to Tom.
Tell me what happened to him.
Tell me what happened to you.
Tell me what happened.
Tell me what has become of him.
Tell me what has to be done.
Tell me what hasn't happened regarding her.
Tell me what hasn't happened regarding him.
Tell me what hasn't happened regarding them.
Tell me what hasn't happened to me.
Tell me what hasn't happened to us.
Tell me what he said.
Tell me what he told you.
Tell me what is depressing you so much.
Tell me what is going on or I will tell on you.
Tell me what it feels like to be in love.
Tell me what it is.
Tell me what it was like.
Tell me what it's like in Australia.
Tell me what it's like in Boston.
Tell me what kind of bread you want.
Tell me what kind of bread you'd like to eat.
Tell me what kind of car Tom has.
Tell me what makes you so depressed.
Tell me what movie you saw.
Tell me what movies you guys have seen.
Tell me what my choices are.
Tell me what my options are.
Tell me what needs to be done.
Tell me what proof you have to support these claims of yours?
Tell me what really happened.
Tell me what she said.
Tell me what she told you.
Tell me what she wanted.
Tell me what should be done.
Tell me what that is.
Tell me what that man is like.
Tell me what that means.
Tell me what that was.
Tell me what the gentleman is like.
Tell me what the matter is.
Tell me what the party was like.
Tell me what the problem is.
Tell me what the rules are.
Tell me what this is about.
Tell me what this is all about.
Tell me what this is called.
Tell me what this is.
Tell me what this means.
Tell me what this says.
Tell me what time I need to be there.
Tell me what time it is.
Tell me what time you want me to be there.
Tell me what time you'll get here.
Tell me what to buy.
Tell me what to do and I will do it.
Tell me what to do and I'll do it.
Tell me what to do here.
Tell me what to do next.
Tell me what to do with it.
Tell me what to do.
Tell me what to think.
Tell me what to write and I'll write it for you.
Tell me what we should do.
Tell me what we're doing here.
Tell me what you are doing.
Tell me what you are looking for and I will help you.
Tell me what you are looking forward to.
Tell me what you ate for lunch.
Tell me what you ate.
Tell me what you bought this afternoon.
Tell me what you bought.
Tell me what you can.
Tell me what you did in Australia.
Tell me what you did in Boston.
Tell me what you did in Hawaii.
Tell me what you did in Shounan.
Tell me what you did in Tokyo.
Tell me what you did last summer vacation.
Tell me what you did last weekend.
Tell me what you did on your holidays.
Tell me what you did to Shounan.
Tell me what you did to Tom.
Tell me what you did to her.
Tell me what you did to him.
Tell me what you did to them.
Tell me what you did.
Tell me what you eat, I will tell you who you are.
Tell me what you eat, I'll tell you what you are.
Tell me what you eat, I’ll tell you what you are.
Tell me what you eat, and I will tell you what you are.
Tell me what you find out.
Tell me what you gave Tom.
Tell me what you gave her.
Tell me what you gave him.
Tell me what you gave them.
Tell me what you have and I will tell you what you think.
Tell me what you have in hand.
Tell me what you have in mind.
Tell me what you have in your hand.
Tell me what you have in your pockets.
Tell me what you have planned.
Tell me what you have.
Tell me what you heard.
Tell me what you know about Tom.
Tell me what you know about each other.
Tell me what you know about it.
Tell me what you know about that.
Tell me what you know about the incident.
Tell me what you know about this.
Tell me what you know about what happened at the library this afternoon.
Tell me what you know, and I'll tell you what I know, so that there are no secrets between us, agreed?
Tell me what you know.
Tell me what you like.
Tell me what you mean.
Tell me what you need and I'll tell you how to get along without it.
Tell me what you need and I’ll tell you how to get along without it.
Tell me what you need me to do.
Tell me what you need right now.
Tell me what you need.
Tell me what you overheard.
Tell me what you plan to do.
Tell me what you really think of me.
Tell me what you really think.
Tell me what you remember.
Tell me what you said to Tom.
Tell me what you said.
Tell me what you saw at that time.
Tell me what you saw in the forest.
Tell me what you saw.
Tell me what you see in this picture.
Tell me what you see.
Tell me what you think I need to do.
Tell me what you think I ought to do.
Tell me what you think I should do in this situation.
Tell me what you think I should do.
Tell me what you think about Tom.
Tell me what you think about my car.
Tell me what you think about my new fade, and please be brutally honest.
Tell me what you think about this.
Tell me what you think has to be done.
Tell me what you think needs to be changed.
Tell me what you think needs to be done.
Tell me what you think of Tom.
Tell me what you think of my car.
Tell me what you think of the movie you saw yesterday.
Tell me what you think of this article.
Tell me what you think should be done.
Tell me what you think we need to do.
Tell me what you think we ought to do.
Tell me what you think we should do.
Tell me what you think will happen.
Tell me what you think'll happen.
Tell me what you think's inside this box.
Tell me what you think.
Tell me what you thought I said.
Tell me what you told Tom.
Tell me what you told her.
Tell me what you told him.
Tell me what you told them.
Tell me what you two have decided.
Tell me what you two were talking about.
Tell me what you use this for.
Tell me what you want and I'll see if I can get it for you.
Tell me what you want done.
Tell me what you want for Christmas.
Tell me what you want for your birthday.
Tell me what you want from me.
Tell me what you want me to buy for you.
Tell me what you want me to do.
Tell me what you want to be.
Tell me what you want to buy.
Tell me what you want to do.
Tell me what you want, and I'll get it for you.
Tell me what you want.
Tell me what you want. Do you want me to pass or you want to save fuel, like a duck?
Tell me what you want. I'll get it for you.
Tell me what you were doing in Boston.
Tell me what you wrote.
Tell me what you'll do.
Tell me what you're afraid of.
Tell me what you're arguing about.
Tell me what you're crying about.
Tell me what you're doing here.
Tell me what you're going to buy.
Tell me what you're going to do.
Tell me what you're looking for and I'll help you find it.
Tell me what you're looking for and I'll help.
Tell me what you're planning on doing.
Tell me what you're talking about.
Tell me what you're thinking about doing.
Tell me what you're thinking about.
Tell me what you're thinking.
Tell me what you've been up to.
Tell me what you've got on and I'll tell you who you are.
Tell me what you've got to tell me.
Tell me what you've got.
Tell me what you've heard.
Tell me what your address is.
Tell me what your father does.
Tell me what your hobby is.
Tell me what your name is.
Tell me what your opinion is.
Tell me what your problem is.
Tell me what you’re arguing about.
Tell me what you’re thinking.
Tell me what'll happen.
Tell me what's become of Tom.
Tell me what's bothering you.
Tell me what's going on here.
Tell me what's going on.
Tell me what's happened.
Tell me what's happening at school.
Tell me what's happening back home.
Tell me what's happening.
Tell me what's new.
Tell me what's on your mind.
Tell me what's the logic in all this.
Tell me what's the matter.
Tell me what's wrong now.
Tell me what's wrong with Tom.
Tell me what's wrong with her.
Tell me what's wrong with him.
Tell me what's wrong with them.
Tell me what's wrong, Tom.
Tell me what's wrong, Tom. If you can't talk to me, who can you talk to?
Tell me what's wrong.
Tell me when I can open my eyes.
Tell me when I should be there.
Tell me when I should do that.
Tell me when I'm wrong.
Tell me when Rosie phones.
Tell me when Rosie rings.
Tell me when Tom and Mary get here.
Tell me when Tom gets here.
Tell me when Tom gets home.
Tell me when Tom will be back.
Tell me when Tom will do that.
Tell me when dinner's ready.
Tell me when he returns.
Tell me when he will come.
Tell me when he'll come.
Tell me when it came about.
Tell me when it started, Tom.
Tell me when it's ready.
Tell me when it's time to go.
Tell me when the body gets to the funerary parlor.
Tell me when the next meeting will be held.
Tell me when the teacher phones.
Tell me when the teacher rings.
Tell me when to begin.
Tell me when to call at his office.
Tell me when to come.
Tell me when to start.
Tell me when to stop.
Tell me when we reach the city.
Tell me when you are at home again.
Tell me when you are back home.
Tell me when you are through with your work.
Tell me when you first saw the island.
Tell me when you want me to come.
Tell me when you want to spend the night with me.
Tell me when you were born.
Tell me when you will call me.
Tell me when you'd like to order.
Tell me when you'll be here.
Tell me when you'll call me.
Tell me when you're coming back home.
Tell me when you're coming back.
Tell me when you're done.
Tell me when you're going to leave.
Tell me when you're ready.
Tell me when you’d like to order.
Tell me when.
Tell me where I am.
Tell me where I can buy a map of Australia.
Tell me where I can buy a map of Boston.
Tell me where I can find Tom.
Tell me where I can find her.
Tell me where I can find him.
Tell me where I can find it.
Tell me where I can find them.
Tell me where I can park my car.
Tell me where I failed.
Tell me where I should change trains.
Tell me where I should put my suitcases.
Tell me where I should put this.
Tell me where Tom and Mary are.
Tell me where Tom and Mary have gone.
Tell me where Tom and Mary live.
Tell me where Tom has gone.
Tell me where Tom is now.
Tell me where Tom is.
Tell me where Tom lives.
Tell me where Tom took Mary.
Tell me where Tom's hideout is.
Tell me where he is.
Tell me where it hurts.
Tell me where it is.
Tell me where it's located.
Tell me where she is.
Tell me where she lives.
Tell me where the bus stop is.
Tell me where the meeting will be held.
Tell me where the police station is.
Tell me where the supermarket is.
Tell me where the wine is.
Tell me where to find Tom.
Tell me where to find her.
Tell me where to find him.
Tell me where to find it.
Tell me where to find them.
Tell me where to go next.
Tell me where to go.
Tell me where to park my car.
Tell me where to put my suitcase.
Tell me where to put these books.
Tell me where to put these boxes.
Tell me where to put this.
Tell me where to send the files.
Tell me where to sit.
Tell me where we are going today.
Tell me where we went.
Tell me where we're going.
Tell me where you are and I'll pick you up.
Tell me where you are! I can't come if I don't know where you are!
Tell me where you are.
Tell me where you bought that hat.
Tell me where you come from.
Tell me where you found it.
Tell me where you got it.
Tell me where you got this.
Tell me where you keep your wine.
Tell me where you live.
Tell me where you plan to go for your summer vacation.
Tell me where you plan to live after you graduate.
Tell me where you put my car keys.
Tell me where you think you left your umbrella.
Tell me where you want to go tonight.
Tell me where you went.
Tell me where you were and what you did.
Tell me where you were at the time of the murder.
Tell me where you were born.
Tell me where you were last night at the time of the murder.
Tell me where you were last night.
Tell me where you're going.
Tell me where you've been hiding.
Tell me where you've been or I'll slap you.
Tell me where you've been.
Tell me where your parents are at the moment.
Tell me whether Tom does that or not.
Tell me whether Tom will do that or not.
Tell me whether you'll come or not.
Tell me whether you're coming tomorrow.
Tell me which bread you want to eat.
Tell me which bus I should take.
Tell me which bus to take to get to the station.
Tell me which bus to take to go downtown.
Tell me which constructed language is the most valuable and why you think so.
Tell me which kind of bread you want to eat.
Tell me which of the two cameras is the better one.
Tell me which of these two cameras is better.
Tell me which one of these you want.
Tell me which one to choose.
Tell me which one you like better.
Tell me which one you like.
Tell me which one you want me to buy for you.
Tell me which one you want.
Tell me which one you would choose.
Tell me which one you'd like.
Tell me which you want.
Tell me who I have to talk to.
Tell me who Tom and Mary were talking to.
Tell me who Tom is.
Tell me who Tom was talking to.
Tell me who did this to you.
Tell me who did this.
Tell me who discovered air.
Tell me who else is on your list.
Tell me who else knows about this.
Tell me who he is.
Tell me who helped you paint your garage.
Tell me who hurt you.
Tell me who it is.
Tell me who she is.
Tell me who some of your favorite musicians are.
Tell me who these people are.
Tell me who they are.
Tell me who they were talking about.
Tell me who we are.
Tell me who won.
Tell me who you are and where you come from.
Tell me who you are and where you're from.
Tell me who you are.
Tell me who you follow on Twitter, and I'll tell you who you are.
Tell me who you gave your old toolbox to.
Tell me who you haunt, I'll tell you who you are.
Tell me who you haunt, I’ll tell you who you are.
Tell me who you love, and I'll tell you who you are.
Tell me who you plan to go to Australia with.
Tell me who you plan to go to Boston with.
Tell me who you saw.
Tell me who you thought I was.
Tell me who you were talking about.
Tell me who you've been talking about.
Tell me who your friends are and I'll tell you who you are.
Tell me who your friends are, and I will tell you who you are.
Tell me who your friends are, and I'll tell you who you are.
Tell me who your friends are, and I’ll tell you who you are.
Tell me who'll be there tomorrow.
Tell me who'll do that.
Tell me who's bothering you.
Tell me who's got it.
Tell me whom these books belong to!
Tell me whom you talked about.
Tell me whose advice to follow.
Tell me whose hat this is.
Tell me why I can't go.
Tell me why I have to do this.
Tell me why I should do that.
Tell me why I shouldn't fire you.
Tell me why I shouldn't kill you.
Tell me why I'm here.
Tell me why I'm talking to you.
Tell me why Tom and I are here.
Tell me why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tell me why Tom can't go.
Tell me why Tom is crying.
Tell me why Tom isn't here.
Tell me why Tom was absent.
Tell me why Tom was fired.
Tell me why he is crying.
Tell me why he was absent.
Tell me why he's crying.
Tell me why not.
Tell me why she is crying.
Tell me why she's crying.
Tell me why that's important.
Tell me why this happens.
Tell me why we're here.
Tell me why you are upset.
Tell me why you aren't planning on going to Australia with us.
Tell me why you aren't planning on going to Boston with us.
Tell me why you came back.
Tell me why you can't go.
Tell me why you care.
Tell me why you did it.
Tell me why you did that.
Tell me why you didn't ask Tom.
Tell me why you didn't ask her.
Tell me why you didn't ask him.
Tell me why you didn't ask them.
Tell me why you didn't ask us.
Tell me why you didn't buy what I asked you to buy.
Tell me why you didn't do it.
Tell me why you didn't do that.
Tell me why you didn't do what I asked you to do.
Tell me why you didn't do what I asked.
Tell me why you didn't go to school yesterday.
Tell me why you don't eat meat.
Tell me why you don't like Tom.
Tell me why you don't like her.
Tell me why you don't like him.
Tell me why you don't like them.
Tell me why you don't like us.
Tell me why you don't want to do that.
Tell me why you fired Ziri.
Tell me why you have told on me to the teacher.
Tell me why you like Tom better than me.
Tell me why you married her.
Tell me why you plan on doing that.
Tell me why you plan to do that.
Tell me why you quit your job.
Tell me why you snitched on me to the teacher.
Tell me why you think I should do that.
Tell me why you think so.
Tell me why you think that you can't trust me.
Tell me why you think that.
Tell me why you think you can't trust me.
Tell me why you thought I didn't like Tom.
Tell me why you want me to do that.
Tell me why you want to do that.
Tell me why you want to end your relationship with me.
Tell me why you want to go there.
Tell me why you want to go.
Tell me why you want to leave.
Tell me why you want to live in the countryside.
Tell me why you went to Australia.
Tell me why you went to Boston.
Tell me why you were absent from school yesterday.
Tell me why you were absent.
Tell me why you were fired.
Tell me why you were sacked.
Tell me why you weren't at this afternoon's meeting.
Tell me why you weren't here yesterday.
Tell me why you would like to work for us.
Tell me why you're angry.
Tell me why you're crying.
Tell me why you're doing that.
Tell me why you're here.
Tell me why you're so upset.
Tell me why you're upset.
Tell me why you've decided to quit your job.
Tell me why.
Tell me why?
Tell me yes!
Tell me you aren't kidding.
Tell me you didn't do this.
Tell me you didn't see that coming.
Tell me you didn't take it.
Tell me you don't believe it either.
Tell me you don't know anything about this.
Tell me you love me.
Tell me you mean that.
Tell me you remember, Tom.
Tell me you still love me.
Tell me you understand that what you did was wrong.
Tell me you understand the difference.
Tell me you understand what needs to be done.
Tell me you understand what went wrong.
Tell me you understand, Tom.
Tell me you were adopted.
Tell me you were wrong.
Tell me you weren't thinking the same thing.
Tell me you won't do that again.
Tell me you won't do that.
Tell me you won't try to do that.
Tell me you'll do it.
Tell me you'll do that.
Tell me you'll stay.
Tell me you'll try to do that.
Tell me you're joking!
Tell me you're just pretending.
Tell me you're kidding.
Tell me you're mine and mine alone.
Tell me you're not afraid.
Tell me you're not dying.
Tell me you're not really going to do that.
Tell me you're not serious!
Tell me you're not serious.
Tell me you're on your way.
Tell me you're sure about this.
Tell me you're there.
Tell me you've got good news.
Tell me you've got something.
Tell me your address.
Tell me your cell phone number.
Tell me your friends, and I will tell you who you are.
Tell me your impression of this book.
Tell me your impressions.
Tell me your life story.
Tell me your lowest price.
Tell me your mobile phone number.
Tell me your name, honey!
Tell me your name.
Tell me your names.
Tell me your needs and I'll tell you my price.
Tell me your opinion of Tom.
Tell me your opinion.
Tell me your password and I'll tell you mine.
Tell me your phone number and I'll call you back.
Tell me your phone number and I'll ring you back.
Tell me your phone number, please.
Tell me your phone number.
Tell me your plan.
Tell me your plans for the future.
Tell me your price.
Tell me your problems.
Tell me your real name.
Tell me your story.
Tell me your story. I am all ears.
Tell me your thoughts.
Tell me your version of the events.
Tell me!
Tell me! Tell me!
Tell me, Tom, what do your elf eyes see?
Tell me, are you a fiddle player?
Tell me, briefly, what happened.
Tell me, dad, don't you find it a bit ridiculous if an old man flirts with a young woman?
Tell me, do you defend that man's audacity?
Tell me, do you ever sleep?
Tell me, do you like me or not?
Tell me, do you miss me at all?
Tell me, do you play the fiddle?
Tell me, do you play the violin?
Tell me, don't you have any news to tell me after such a long time?
Tell me, how can I help her?
Tell me, how can I help him?
Tell me, how can I help you?
Tell me, how did he get that?
Tell me, how do you play this game?
Tell me, how often do you come to Rome?
Tell me, how old are you?
Tell me, if I can see you again.
Tell me, is Mom going to go to the station to wait for Dad?
Tell me, is the zoo open?
Tell me, is toying with people's feelings a favorite pastime of yours?
Tell me, my fine boy, do you also want to come to my wonderful country?
Tell me, my friend: Is life sad or sad am I?
Tell me, my mirror, who is the most beautiful woman in Greece?
Tell me, please, what time it is now.
Tell me, tell me! I want to know!
Tell me, tell me.
Tell me, what am I doing wrong?
Tell me, what am I to do?
Tell me, what are "spiritual ties"?
Tell me, what are you thinking about?
Tell me, what do you remember?
Tell me, what else do I have left?
Tell me, what is religion to you? You're a truly good person, but it doesn't seem important to you.
Tell me, what's she really like?
Tell me, what’s she really like?
Tell me, where are you?
Tell me, where is the train station closest to your office.
Tell me, where were you born?
Tell me, which one do you want?
Tell me, why are you here?
Tell me, why did you do it?
Tell me, why do you always talk about football?
Tell me, why do you want to do something like this?
Tell me, why should I trust you?
Tell me.
Tell me. I'm all ears.
Tell me. I’m all ears.
Tell me: what is cottage cheese made from?
Tell me: where were you born?
Tell me; who is this young man?
Tell me—you're drawn to something? Every one is—usually something absurd.
Tell me… have you seen that film?
Tell my brother.
Tell my family that I love them.
Tell my father that I've arrived.
Tell my father to come.
Tell my people the truth about me.
Tell my wife I love her.
Tell my young friend a beautiful story.
Tell nobody about what I've just said.
Tell our enemies that they may take our lives, but they'll never take our freedom!
Tell people what really happened.
Tell somebody who cares.
Tell someone who cares.
Tell something.
Tell that creep to stop ticking us off with his worthless statistics.
Tell that person where my house is.
Tell that to Tom.
Tell that to all the staff of the clinic.
Tell that to the headteacher, or the acting headteacher.
Tell that to the judge.
Tell that to those badgers.
Tell the Jacksons to come.
Tell the children I'll be home as soon as possible.
Tell the children to keep away from the water's edge.
Tell the children to keep away from the water’s edge.
Tell the children to stay out of the kitchen.
Tell the cops the truth.
Tell the helicopter pilot to throw down a rope!
Tell the jury what you saw next.
Tell the kids I love them.
Tell the kids that I love them.
Tell the kids that it's time for lunch.
Tell the kids they need to go to bed.
Tell the kids to come inside.
Tell the kids to go to bed.
Tell the lad it's time he got his head down.
Tell the lad it's time he got some sleep.
Tell the ladies and gentlemen that we're here.
Tell the maid to make the beds.
Tell the others to hurry up.
Tell the police officer what you heard Tom say.
Tell the police officer what you heard.
Tell the police officer what you saw Tom do.
Tell the police officer what you saw.
Tell the police what you saw.
Tell the story again.
Tell the story in your own way.
Tell the taxi driver to drive faster.
Tell the teacher your name.
Tell the truth about Palestine.
Tell the truth and everyone will approve of you.
Tell the truth and shame the devil.
Tell the truth in a hypocritical, mendacious world, and you'll be taken for insane.
Tell the truth next time.
Tell the truth no matter what.
Tell the truth to Tom.
Tell the truth!
Tell the truth.
Tell the world I'm coming home.
Tell them I changed my mind.
Tell them I didn't read it.
Tell them I don't drink.
Tell them I don't want to go.
Tell them I feel fine.
Tell them I had to leave.
Tell them I have a broken leg.
Tell them I have a wonderful life.
Tell them I love her.
Tell them I love him.
Tell them I love it.
Tell them I need some money.
Tell them I said goodbye.
Tell them I said hello.
Tell them I said hi.
Tell them I won't allow Mary to leave the country.
Tell them I won't be there.
Tell them I won't do that.
Tell them I'll be back.
Tell them I'll be home soon.
Tell them I'll be ready.
Tell them I'll be right back.
Tell them I'll be right over.
Tell them I'll be right there.
Tell them I'll be there by 2:30.
Tell them I'll call back.
Tell them I'll come back.
Tell them I'll come.
Tell them I'll do it.
Tell them I'm busy.
Tell them I'm coming back.
Tell them I'm coming over.
Tell them I'm coming right over.
Tell them I'm coming.
Tell them I'm eating.
Tell them I'm ill.
Tell them I'm in a meeting.
Tell them I'm in the office.
Tell them I'm innocent.
Tell them I'm not here.
Tell them I'm not in my office today.
Tell them I'm on my way over.
Tell them I'm ready.
Tell them I'm sick.
Tell them I'm sorry.
Tell them I've had a wonderful life.
Tell them I’ve had a wonderful life.
Tell them Mary doesn't have my permission to leave the country.
Tell them Yuri died.
Tell them about it.
Tell them about my brother.
Tell them about your holidays!
Tell them about your trip.
Tell them about your vacation!
Tell them all to wait.
Tell them anything you want.
Tell them everything I told you.
Tell them everything is fine.
Tell them everything you know.
Tell them everything.
Tell them for me, OK?
Tell them how displeased I am.
Tell them how you feel.
Tell them how you're feeling.
Tell them in person.
Tell them it was a mistake.
Tell them it was all your fault.
Tell them it's a priority.
Tell them it's an emergency.
Tell them it's important.
Tell them it's not my fault.
Tell them it's not their fault.
Tell them it's not your fault.
Tell them it's urgent.
Tell them no.
Tell them not to be late.
Tell them not to come.
Tell them not to leave without me.
Tell them not to talk to anyone.
Tell them nothing.
Tell them only what they need to know.
Tell them something came up.
Tell them thanks but no thanks.
Tell them thanks.
Tell them that God will forgive them.
Tell them that I don't drink.
Tell them that I'll come.
Tell them that I'll do it.
Tell them that I'm fine.
Tell them that I'm here.
Tell them that I'm ready.
Tell them that I'm sorry.
Tell them that everyone is here.
Tell them that someone was asking for them here.
Tell them that there was someone here looking for them.
Tell them that they should give them to me.
Tell them that they're wrong.
Tell them that.
Tell them the problem is solved.
Tell them the truth.
Tell them they're going to have to wait.
Tell them this is hopeless.
Tell them this is urgent.
Tell them to be careful.
Tell them to be here by 2:30.
Tell them to call me before they leave.
Tell them to come down with guns and horses.
Tell them to come here.
Tell them to come home.
Tell them to come see me.
Tell them to do it now.
Tell them to do the same.
Tell them to get in here.
Tell them to get ready to leave.
Tell them to get ready.
Tell them to give it to him.
Tell them to give it to you.
Tell them to go home.
Tell them to help me.
Tell them to help us.
Tell them to hurry back.
Tell them to hurry up.
Tell them to hurry.
Tell them to introduce themselves.
Tell them to keep quiet.
Tell them to leave me alone.
Tell them to leave us alone.
Tell them to leave.
Tell them to let the dog in.
Tell them to let the dog out.
Tell them to pick up the phone.
Tell them to relax.
Tell them to show up.
Tell them to shut up.
Tell them to start.
Tell them to stay put for now.
Tell them to stop staring at me.
Tell them to stop staring at us.
Tell them to stop the truck.
Tell them to stop worrying.
Tell them to stop.
Tell them to take a hike.
Tell them to try harder.
Tell them to wait in the lobby.
Tell them to wait outside.
Tell them to wait.
Tell them to write me.
Tell them we don't want to go.
Tell them we need an ambulance.
Tell them we said congratulations.
Tell them we'll be ready.
Tell them we're busy.
Tell them we're coming.
Tell them we're here.
Tell them we're looking for a bomb.
Tell them we're looking into it.
Tell them we're on our way.
Tell them we're ready to go.
Tell them we're unarmed.
Tell them we're working on it.
Tell them what I told you.
Tell them what Islam is.
Tell them what happened.
Tell them what is going on.
Tell them what really happened.
Tell them what to do.
Tell them what you heard.
Tell them what you mean.
Tell them what you need.
Tell them what you saw.
Tell them what you told me.
Tell them what you want to do.
Tell them what you want.
Tell them what you're doing here.
Tell them what you're gonna tell them.
Tell them what's on your mind.
Tell them when you're ready.
Tell them where we've gone.
Tell them where you are.
Tell them who I am.
Tell them who we are.
Tell them who you are.
Tell them who you met today.
Tell them why you can't go.
Tell them why.
Tell them you can't do it.
Tell them you don't need it.
Tell them you lied.
Tell them you'd like to help.
Tell them you'd like to leave.
Tell them you're not ready.
Tell them you're sick.
Tell them your name.
Tell them your theory.
Tell them yourself.
Tell them.
Tell these people to move away, so that the helicopter can land.
Tell this to Layla, not to me.
Tell those people to back off so that the helicopter can land.
Tell us a bit about Tom.
Tell us a bit about him.
Tell us a bit about the Algiers transport system.
Tell us a cultural experience you have experienced.
Tell us a ghost story!
Tell us a ghost story.
Tell us a joke!
Tell us a joke.
Tell us a little about your family.
Tell us a little about yourself.
Tell us a little about yourselves.
Tell us a little bit about yourself.
Tell us a little bit about yourselves.
Tell us a random travel experience you had that you weren't expecting but loved.
Tell us a random travel experience you had that you weren’t expecting but loved.
Tell us a scary story.
Tell us a story in French.
Tell us a story!
Tell us a story.
Tell us about Australia.
Tell us about Boston.
Tell us about Harvard.
Tell us about Tom and Mary's vacation home.
Tell us about Tom and Mary.
Tell us about Tom's visit.
Tell us about Tom.
Tell us about a dream or goal you want to achieve in the near future.
Tell us about her.
Tell us about him.
Tell us about it again.
Tell us about it in the comment section.
Tell us about it.
Tell us about last night.
Tell us about our choices.
Tell us about something you want to change in the near future.
Tell us about that night.
Tell us about that.
Tell us about the Jacksons.
Tell us about the accident.
Tell us about the movie you saw.
Tell us about the operation.
Tell us about the party.
Tell us about the problem.
Tell us about them.
Tell us about this new girlfriend.
Tell us about what happened in Australia.
Tell us about what happened in Boston.
Tell us about what happened on Park Street.
Tell us about what happened.
Tell us about what you're doing.
Tell us about what you've been doing.
Tell us about where you live.
Tell us about your brother.
Tell us about your childhood.
Tell us about your children.
Tell us about your family.
Tell us about your fishing trip.
Tell us about your job.
Tell us about your journey to Islam.
Tell us about your kids.
Tell us about your new boat.
Tell us about your new book.
Tell us about your own personal journey into Islam.
Tell us about your perception about Islam.
Tell us about your plan.
Tell us about your plans.
Tell us about your problem.
Tell us about your problems.
Tell us about your project!
Tell us about your project.
Tell us about your situation.
Tell us about your son.
Tell us about your students.
Tell us about your trip to Australia.
Tell us about your trip to Boston.
Tell us about your trip.
Tell us about your vacation.
Tell us about your work.
Tell us about yourself and your family.
Tell us about yourself.
Tell us about yourselves and your families.
Tell us about yourselves.
Tell us all about it.
Tell us all the details.
Tell us all the gossip.
Tell us everything you know about Tom.
Tell us everything you know about that matter.
Tell us everything you know about the problem.
Tell us everything you know about what's been happening.
Tell us everything you know about where Tom grew up.
Tell us everything you know.
Tell us everything!
Tell us everything.
Tell us exactly what happened.
Tell us exactly what to do.
Tell us exactly what you did.
Tell us exactly what you saw.
Tell us exactly what you'd like us to do for you.
Tell us exactly what's going on.
Tell us exactly where you're heading to.
Tell us how Tom was dressed.
Tell us how it happened, Tom.
Tell us how it happened.
Tell us how it turns out.
Tell us how to get out of here.
Tell us how to get to Tom's house.
Tell us how to solve the problem.
Tell us how we can help.
Tell us how we may help you.
Tell us how you converted to Islam.
Tell us how you did it.
Tell us how you did that.
Tell us how you feel.
Tell us how you really feel.
Tell us if you see any dangerous or unusual signs.
Tell us if you're not coming.
Tell us it isn't true.
Tell us it's not true.
Tell us more about Donald.
Tell us more about Tom.
Tell us more about this.
Tell us more about what happened.
Tell us more about what you did when you were in Australia.
Tell us more about what you did when you were in Boston.
Tell us more about your trip.
Tell us more about yourself.
Tell us more about yourselves.
Tell us more.
Tell us now.
Tell us so we know as well.
Tell us so we know, too.
Tell us some jokes.
Tell us something about that.
Tell us something about you.
Tell us something about yourself.
Tell us something about yourselves.
Tell us something we didn't know.
Tell us something we don't know.
Tell us something.
Tell us that joke again.
Tell us the rules.
Tell us the story from beginning to end.
Tell us the story in Berber.
Tell us the timeline of events.
Tell us the truth now.
Tell us the truth, Tom.
Tell us the truth.
Tell us the whole story.
Tell us this isn't true.
Tell us to our face.
Tell us what Tom was wearing.
Tell us what happened in the park.
Tell us what happened last night.
Tell us what happened that night.
Tell us what happened to Tom.
Tell us what happened to her.
Tell us what happened to him.
Tell us what happened to them.
Tell us what happened to you.
Tell us what happened.
Tell us what it's like to be Tom Jackson.
Tell us what needs to be done.
Tell us what really happened.
Tell us what that is.
Tell us what that means.
Tell us what the matter is.
Tell us what the text is about.
Tell us what this is all about.
Tell us what this means.
Tell us what to do and we will do it.
Tell us what to do next.
Tell us what to do.
Tell us what we're doing wrong.
Tell us what you did in Tokyo.
Tell us what you did last weekend.
Tell us what you heard.
Tell us what you know about Tom's family.
Tell us what you know about Tom's problems.
Tell us what you know about Tom.
Tell us what you like.
Tell us what you mean.
Tell us what you need.
Tell us what you really think about this.
Tell us what you saw.
Tell us what you think!
Tell us what you think.
Tell us what you want and we'll try to get it for you.
Tell us what you want to do.
Tell us what you're thinking.
Tell us what you've got planned for your big day.
Tell us what'll happen.
Tell us what's going on.
Tell us what's new with you.
Tell us what's on your mind.
Tell us when you're ready.
Tell us where Tom and Mary are.
Tell us where Tom is.
Tell us where they are.
Tell us where to go.
Tell us where you came from.
Tell us where you live, and we'll take you home.
Tell us where you work.
Tell us who you are.
Tell us why you can't go.
Tell us why you killed Tom.
Tell us why you killed her.
Tell us why you killed him.
Tell us why you killed them.
Tell us why you went to see Tom.
Tell us why you're here.
Tell us why.
Tell us you've found something.
Tell us your impressions.
Tell us your phobias and we will tell you what you are afraid of.
Tell us your plan.
Tell us your plans for the future.
Tell us your real name.
Tell us your secret.
Tell us your stories.
Tell us your story.
Tell us your thoughts.
Tell us, what are "spiritual ties"?
Tell whoever comes that I'm out.
Tell whoever comes that I’m out.
Tell whoever phones that I'm not in.
Tell whoever rings that I'm not in.
Tell whoever you need to.
Tell you what, I'll come to you, that'll be easier.
Tell you what, Tom, you can have it.
Tell you what, Tom, you take it.
Tell your brother what happened.
Tell your doctor.
Tell your father the truth!
Tell your friend he should go there.
Tell your friend to go there.
Tell your friend to go.
Tell your friend to keep smiling when someone is taking a picture of her.
Tell your friends about Tatoeba.
Tell your friends about it.
Tell your friends they have to leave.
Tell your friends what you're up to.
Tell your friends.
Tell your grandfather I say hi.
Tell your husband how you really feel.
Tell your men to drop their guns.
Tell your men to drop their weapons.
Tell your men to stay out of sight.
Tell your mom about what happened.
Tell your mother about the trip.
Tell your mother-in-law not to phone me here any more.
Tell your parents about your conversion to Islam in the right time.
Tell your sister her thong is showing.
Tell your sister to consume local artists instead of listening to Bono.
Tell your sister to follow those rules. I'm not your servant.
Tell your son not to harass my daughter anymore.
Tell your son to quit harassing my daughter.
Tell your wife about me.
Tell your wife every day that you love her.
Tell your wife how awesome she is.
Tell your wife that you love her.
Tell your wife why you find her awesome.
Tell your wife why you love her.
Tell, I will tell.
Telling Tom that wouldn't be a good idea.
Telling Tom was a very bad idea.
Telling a hair-raising story to a bald-headed man is a complete waste of time.
Telling everyone to use the names "Tom" and "Mary" is inherently political.
Telling her that I couldn't do any of these things for her was really hard.
Telling lies is a very bad habit.
Telling lies is wrong.
Telling me was the right thing to do.
Telling one's story, it's well known, is not for everyone.
Telling our busy developers and admins (or any other members of the community) the order in which they should tackle issues, or how long it should take to fix them, is not the way to get them to the front of the queue, or to make friends.
Telling the truth and keeping my word are some of my strengths.
Telling the truth is much easier than lying.
Telling the turth is forbidden.
Telling you now would ruin the surprise.
Telling you was the right thing to do.
Tells us about the US invasion of Iraq.
Telogreykin said the main idea of this community is not to tease police, as some may think. He said the community simply wants to rid the country of the legal nihilism that is the root of the problem.
Telomeres shorten as we age.
Telstar was the world's first communication satellite.
Telugu is spoken in the Indian states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana.
Tempel 1 is a pickle-shaped comet, some four- by twelve-kilometers in size, that orbits the sun between Mars and Jupiter every six or so years.
Temper tantrums are unpleasant and disruptive behaviours or emotional outbursts.
Temper your speech.
Temper your spirit, warm your heart.
Temperance is a virtue.
Temperance is the best physic.
Temperature and pressure, please.
Temperature is mean kinetic energy, not energy over volume; compression heats a gas by doing work on it; and a gas that expands without doing work does not cool.
Temperature is measured with a thermometer.
Temperature measures how fast particles are moving, whereas heat measures the total amount of energy that they transfer.
Temperature records were shattered in Alaska and Antarctica.
Temperatures are continuing to increase in Japan.
Temperatures are higher than normal this winter.
Temperatures around the world are rising as humans burn coal, oil and other fossil fuels for energy.
Temperatures at night will fall below freezing.
Temperatures at the North Pole have hit a record high.
Temperatures climbed above 20 degrees during the day.
Temperatures fell sharply overnight.
Temperatures fell sharply.
Temperatures from 2001 to 2012 were warmer than any previous decade in every region of the United States.
Temperatures have been rising in cities from the Midwest to the East Coast because of a high-pressure system that has trapped the warm air.
Temperatures have fallen sharply.
Temperatures have plummeted.
Temperatures have reached -60°C in Siberia.
Temperatures hit 50 degrees Celsius in northern India.
Temperatures in Oymyakon, Yakutia hit -67.7C.
Temperatures in the Arctic are rising 2 to 3 times faster than temperatures farther south.
Temperatures in the Arctic are rising rapidly.
Temperatures in the United States are expected to continue to rise.
Temperatures in the mesosphere drop with increasing altitude to about -100 degrees C.
Temperatures in the past week have topped 20 degrees Celsius — bringing many visitors onto the black-sand and pebble beaches.
Temperatures of up to 45°C are forecast on the Iberian peninsula.
Temperatures rise during the week to reach fifteen degrees.
Temperatures rose above 20 degrees during the day.
Temperatures topped 45 degrees Celsius, the hottest day recorded in the region in four decades.
Temperatures will climb again during the day.
Temperatures will get lower.
Temperatures will rise again during the day.
Tempered glass is hard to break.
Tempered glass is very strong.
Tempers boiled over.
Templates include slide backgrounds, fonts, colors, and settings.
Temples, shrines, and mansions of court nobles, among others, were burned to the ground.
Templin Mayor Detlef Tabbert knows the family well and has met the chancellor on several occasions.
Temporary clinics are being set up.
Temptation has to remain invisible.
Temptations can be got rid of. How? By yielding to them.
Ten and ten make twenty.
Ten days later, Fadil's body was found by a concerned neighbor.
Ten days later, Sami's body was found by a concerned neighbor.
Ten days passed by.
Ten decades make up a century.
Ten dimes are equal to one dollar.
Ten divided by five is two.
Ten divided by two is five.
Ten divided by two make five.
Ten dollars for three ounces of German potato chips? Are you kidding me?
Ten dollars of regular unleaded, please.
Ten games were played on the first day.
Ten generations ago, my ancestors migrated from Perche, Kingdom of France, to New France, or today’s Quebec.
Ten grand is nothing to scoff at.
Ten houses were burned down.
Ten is one tenth of a hundred.
Ten is one-tenth of a hundred.
Ten is ten per cent of a hundred.
Ten is ten percent of one hundred.
Ten isn’t the "number of the universe"; it’s just a number we’ve chosen to base our perceptions of the universe on.
Ten men make a minyan or quorum for prayer in traditional Judaism.
Ten miles is not a short distance.
Ten million euros were stolen.
Ten million hectares of ancient forest are being cleared or destroyed every year. Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail.
Ten million workers still did not have jobs.
Ten million yen will be ample for the project.
Ten million yen will be enough for the project.
Ten minus two is eight.
Ten minutes after the knockout, the boxer regained consciousness.
Ten minutes after they had passed Nara, the car ran out of gas.
Ten minutes are left.
Ten minutes later, our car ran out of gas.
Ten minutes later, our car ran out of petrol.
Ten minutes later, the innkeeper slipped into the room, his eyes bright with excitement.
Ten minutes later, they moved onto the next topic.
Ten minutes remained until the end of the lesson.
Ten minutes' walk brought me to the station.
Ten minutes' walk brought us to the bus stop.
Ten minutes’ walk brought me to the station.
Ten minutes’ walk brought us to the bus stop.
Ten more days, then spring!
Ten movies are elected every year.
Ten o'clock passed, and I heard the footsteps of the maid as they pattered off to bed.
Ten of the first twelve U.S. Presidents owned slaves.
Ten o’clock local time?
Ten p.m. to six a.m. is the ideal time to sleep.
Ten paper plates cost one dollar.
Ten people are living in this house.
Ten people came to the lecture.
Ten people died, a woman among them.
Ten people died, among them, a woman.
Ten people live in this house.
Ten people were injured in the accident.
Ten people were killed or injured in the accident.
Ten people were packed into the small room.
Ten people were slightly injured in the accident.
Ten percent is more than enough.
Ten percent of the population does not work.
Ten percent of the population doesn't work.
Ten percent? Tom can't do ten percent of anything.
Ten plus ten equals twenty.
Ten policemen were assigned to patrol that area.
Ten prisoners broke out of jail.
Ten students were caught cheating.
Ten tame goats pull ten hundredweights of sugar to Zurich main station.
Ten teams competed for the prize.
Ten thousand eyes were on him as he rubbed his hands with dirt.
Ten thousand people have had their power supply cut off.
Ten thousand plus five thousand and five cents make fifteen thousand and five cents.
Ten thousand plus five thousand five hundred makes fifteen thousand five hundred.
Ten thousand sentences in Lojban are on Tatoeba.
Ten thousand years ago, the Tomarians travelled through the galaxy in their spaceships, colonising planets. Today, they live again as hunter-gatherers, surviving on what nature provides them here in their adopted home. The old knowledge is lost in the mists of time. They have returned to a simpler, more fulfilling way of life.
Ten thousand yen will not cover the expenses.
Ten to one he will be chosen.
Ten to one he will be elected chairman.
Ten to one he will forget about it.
Ten to one he will get married to her.
Ten to one he will succeed.
Ten to one it'll clear up in an hour or so.
Ten to one it’ll clear up in an hour or so.
Ten to one they'll miss the train.
Ten to one they’ll miss the train.
Ten to one you can pass the test.
Ten to one, Bob will fail the entrance exam.
Ten to one, he will succeed.
Ten to one, he'll succeed.
Ten waves ramble.
Ten waves rave.
Ten waves wander.
Ten years after the Deepwater Horizon oil rig explosion killed 11 workers, injured 17 more and leaked 800 million liters of crude oil into the Gulf of Mexico, ecological devastation has proved hard to reverse.
Ten years after the wedding, everything is just routine.
Ten years ago his theory would not have been generally accepted.
Ten years ago the ward office gave us ballpoint pens on the Coming of Age Day.
Ten years ago there was a narrow bridge crossing this river.
Ten years ago you were mad we said you had privilege, and now you're using the levers of government to prove us right. Your ability to do this is why we said that in the first place.
Ten years ago, Native American photographer Matika Wilbur embarked on a road trip with an ambitious goal to document all 562 federally recognized Indigenous tribes.
Ten years ago, a bridge went across this river.
Ten years ago, almost all my clothes were hand-me-downs from my cousins.
Ten years ago, around forty thousand girls used to go to school in Kunarr, but now this number has reached to seventy-two thousand.
Ten years ago, many Algerians had not even heard of the term Berber.
Ten years ago, our parents died in a car crash.
Ten years ago, such business would have been a success.
Ten years ago, the World Health Organization adopted the Framework Convention on Tobacco Control to try to snuff out the use of cigarettes and other tobacco products.
Ten years ago, the search engine began personalizing search results for each user.
Ten years had passed since he had gone to America.
Ten years had passed since the last time I'd seen her.
Ten years have gone by since her death.
Ten years have gone by since his death.
Ten years have gone by since my father died.
Ten years have gone by.
Ten years have passed already since my mother died.
Ten years have passed since I came here.
Ten years have passed since I came to Tokyo at the age of eighteen.
Ten years have passed since he died.
Ten years have passed since he went to America.
Ten years have passed since she died.
Ten years have passed since the last time I saw her.
Ten years have passed.
Ten years is a long time to wait.
Ten years is a long time.
Ten years is a really long period of time.
Ten years is a really long time.
Ten years is a short time when we look back at it.
Ten years is really a long period of time.
Ten years is really a long time.
Ten years of closely observing mushrooms for his current film has given Schwartzberg a perspective on surviving natural threats.
Ten years on, more than 6,000 women and children remain captives of the Islamic State with nearly 2,800 still missing.
Ten years, that's a lot.
Ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty.
Ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, sixty, seventy, eighty, ninety, hundred.
Ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, sixty, seventy, eighty, ninety, one hundred.
Ten-four, neighbor.
Ten-four.
Tend to your own affairs first.
Tend to your own affairs.
Tender kisses.
Tenderly, he placed his hand on her shoulder.
Tenderness is an important element in a person's character.
Tenderness is an important element in a person’s character.
Tending chicks is part of Julie Stinar's daily work. She owns Evensong Farm in Sharpsburg, Maryland. Before starting farming five years ago, she worked with fashion stylists in a department store.
Tendinopathy is a common overuse injury among athletes.
Tendons and ligaments are more fragile than you might think.
Tendrils from the plant are slowly wrapping themselves around the fence.
Tennis and badminton are played with racquets; ping pong and padel are played with paddles.
Tennis balls are usually yellow.
Tennis began in France in the thirteenth century.
Tennis can't be played on days when the wind is strong.
Tennis champ Novak Djokovic’s Olympic gold dream came to a crushing end Friday in the men’s semi-finals against Germany’s Alexander Zverev.
Tennis is a racket sport.
Tennis is a very popular sport.
Tennis is difficult. I never know which way the ball is going to fly.
Tennis is fun to watch. Basketball is fun to watch as well.
Tennis is fun to watch. Basketball is fun to watch, too.
Tennis is hard. The ball flies off in all directions when I hit it.
Tennis is her hobby.
Tennis is loads of fun.
Tennis is my favorite sport.
Tennis is my favourite sport.
Tennis is my preferred sport.
Tennis is one of Tom's hobbies.
Tennis is very popular among students.
Tennis is very popular among the students.
Tennis is very popular amongst students.
Tennis player Andrey Rublev was disqualified in the semifinal of Dubai for insulting a linesperson to their face.
Tennis players have been classified as essential workers.
Tennis shoes are sold behind the counter.
Tennis, anyone?
Tennis, my favorite sport, has brought me a lot of friends.
Tens of male and female students were drawing a lone - completely nude - male model standing on a platform.
Tens of millions of Americans have already voted ahead of Tuesday’s national election, some at early polling sites and others by mailing or dropping off absentee ballots.
Tens of millions of people living in the developing world are unregistered at birth—meaning there is no legal acknowledgement of their existence.
Tens of thousands of Algerians have been taking part in massive protests since February.
Tens of thousands of Kabyles died for the independence of Algeria.
Tens of thousands of Pacific walruses have gathered on a beach in northwest Alaska because they cannot find sea ice for resting.
Tens of thousands of Sahrawis were forced to leave their country by the Moroccan forces.
Tens of thousands of elephants are killed every year for their ivory tusks.
Tens of thousands of mourners attended Matoub's funeral in his native village.
Tens of thousands of people are flocking to Houston's annual Livestock Show and Rodeo, the biggest event of its kind in the world. The main attraction is the rodeo, where cowboys ride bucking horses and compete in other contests drawn from ranch life. A new event this year connects visitors with the cowboys of the Old West depicted in movies.
Tens of thousands of people are protesting.
Tens of thousands of people gathered in Saint Peter's Square on Sunday morning, despite the cold and the rain, to take part in Solemn Mass with Pope Francis in celebration of Easter.
Tens of thousands of tons of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear plant might have to be released into the Pacific Ocean, Japan's environment minister said Tuesday.
Tens of wind turbines have recently been built.
Tense your shoulders.
Tense your shoulders. Now, relax them completely.
Tension between Algeria and Morocco is growing.
Tension between Algeria and Morocco remains high.
Tension is a major cause of heart disease.
Tension is running high between Algeria and Morocco.
Tensions are escalating in East Jerusalem.
Tensions are growing between the two countries.
Tensions are high between China and the US over Taiwan.
Tensions are high outside the al-Aqsa Mosque.
Tensions are mounting on the al-Aqsa Mosque compound.
Tensions are rising between Algeria and Morocco.
Tensions are rising.
Tensions are soaring in Palestine.
Tensions are starting to heat up again in Jerusalem and the West Bank.
Tensions are starting to simmer between Sami and Layla.
Tensions between Algeria and Morocco increased.
Tensions between Algeria and Morocco remain high.
Tensions between Algeria and Morocco remain volatile.
Tensions between China and India could boil into a dangerous conflict.
Tensions between Morocco and Algeria are rising.
Tensions between the US and Russia are growing.
Tensions between the USA and Russia are on the rise.
Tensions can occur in any situation.
Tensions have been rising between Algeria and Morocco.
Tensions have been rising between Algeria and its neighbor, Morocco.
Tensions have cooled down between Algeria and Morocco.
Tensions have risen between Algeria and Morocco.
Tensions ran high between us.
Tensions regarding separatism have somewhat subsided in Canada.
Tensions rose further between Morocco and Algeria.
Tensions were increasing.
Tent hospitals are being erected three kilometers from the scene.
Tentacles are appendages.
Tentacles usually occur in pairs, sometimes with both sensory and manipulatory functions.
Tentatively, he put up his hand.
Tenth game, another Russian (Petroff) defense, seventh draw. Carlsen 6.5 - Nepo 3.5. Tomorrow, Thursday is a day off.
Tents have been set up for the refugees.
Tenzing Norgay was a famous Sherpa.
Teochew is a dialect of Min Nan.
Teodoro is always getting into trouble. Yesterday he spent the night in the slammer.
Tequila is a good drink, I think.
Tequila mixed with hot water also has a beautiful taste, it seems.
Tequila mixed with hot water also tastes beautiful, it seems.
Tequila mixed with hot water is also delicious, it seems.
Teresa and Steve are cancelling Christmas this year.
Teresa and Steve went down to London to see a band.
Teresa doesn't get the bus to sixth-form college any more.
Teresa doesn't take the bus to her high school anymore.
Teresa dreams of leaving all this behind.
Teresa has got used to the noise of living in a city-centre flat.
Teresa is a Portuguese name.
Teresa regretted her errors.
Teresa's sister is more beautiful than me!
Termite colonies have a king and a queen who mate for life.
Termites are destroying the houses.
Termites are detritivores.
Termites are sometimes called white ants.
Termites don't live on your hair.
Termites eat wood.
Termites like to eat wood.
Terms like "sexism" are now in vogue.
Terms like "woke" and "cancel culture" are used by the right as filler to disguise the lack of substance in their arguments.
Terms of use may be changed without notice.
Terms were signed between Japan, Germany, Great Britain and the United States.
Terrace farming is widely practiced in the mountainous regions of China.
Terraformers wanted to modify the Venusian atmosphere so that some day it might support life.
Terraforming Mars and Venus became a reality generations later.
Terraforming Mars is an achievable goal.
Terraforming Mars is nearly impossible.
Terraforming Mars is theoretically possible.
Terraforming is the process of transforming a planet’s environment to make it habitable for humans.
Terrence has a hard time explaining his ideas to his coworkers, and his code is characteristically unreadable.
Terrence's parents, Clarence and Sharon, wearing hairnets and bearing cornets, declared daringly that the bearings were bent.
Terrible punishments were promised her.
Terrible shooting broke out the night before last.
Terrible things are going to happen.
Terrible things are still happening in the world.
Terrible things happen.
Terrible things happened here during the war.
Terrible!
Terribly lavish of you. Eh, I don't mind it if you're treating me.
Terrific!
Terrified, Gunter's eyes darted around the office.
Terrified, Ziri kept running.
Terror fell into their hearts the moment they witnessed pure injustice.
Terror felt my body.
Terror groups like the Islamic State focused on ethnically cleansing whole areas of Iraq and Syria much to the benefit of the nations that funded them.
Terror has descended over the country.
Terror is something you never get used to.
Terror seized me by the throat.
Terror was blocking me.
Terrorism doesn't represent the Muslim community.
Terrorism doesn't represent the beliefs of all Muslims.
Terrorism doesn't represent the views of most Muslims.
Terrorism is a complex issue not linked to all Muslims.
Terrorism is a global issue, not limited to one religion.
Terrorism is a threat to the whole world, not just to Algeria.
Terrorism is one of the biggest enemies of world peace.
Terrorism is opportunistic. It creates the image of the enemy and unifies the nation. It justifies violence and allows for democracy to be stifled. It silences reason and conscience.
Terrorism is overwhelmingly rejected and disapproved of by Muslims.
Terrorism is the most important factor in the division of a country and the creation of autonomous regions.
Terrorism is widely rejected and condemned by the Muslim community.
Terrorism isn't a behavior of all Muslims.
Terrorism isn't a common action among Muslims.
Terrorism isn't a reflection of the Muslim community.
Terrorism isn't supported by Muslims worldwide.
Terrorism shouldn't be connected to the entire Muslim community.
Terrorism will never end.
Terrorist group al-Shabab has claimed responsibility for a mortar attack on Somalia’s parliament Monday that injured at least six people during a joint session.
Terrorist networks use social media to prey upon the minds of our youth, endangering open societies and spurring anger against innocent immigrants and Muslims.
Terrorist organizations like Daesh are distorting the image of Islam.
Terrorist organizations like al-Qaeda and the Islamic State focused on slaughtering Muslims.
Terrorist organizations like the Islamic State focused on depopulating vast areas in Syria and Iraq.
Terroristic actions happened in Sri Lanka.
Terrorists are not our brothers.
Terrorists attacked the World Trade Center in New York City in 2001.
Terrorists attempted to blow up the building.
Terrorists blew up a bus.
Terrorists blew up the bridge.
Terrorists can emerge anywhere.
Terrorists can't deny us our freedom of speech.
Terrorists have kidnapped Tom.
Terrorists kidnapped Tom.
Terrorists were everywhere.
Terrorists win.
Terry got injured last match and will be replaced by Pablo.
Terry was very pleased with the news.
Tertiary prevention focuses on preventing the burden of disease.
Terumi gave me a thin smile again.
Tesla was founded by Mark Tarpenning and Martin Eberhard.
Tesla's life is full of mystery.
Tesla's life's full of mystery.
Teslas are known to burst into flames.
Tessa is a good violinist.
Tessa says she hopes to find a career in the field of art therapy, to help others find the healing power of art, as she has.
Tessa shared her experience in a chapel assembly this April.
Tessa's favourite character in Pigeon Street was Long-distance Clara, the lorry driver.
Tessellations have been used to create decorative motifs in both textiles and architecture since ancient times.
Test cricket matches go on for days.
Test examining is a very restrictive practice.
Test it on us.
Test pilots are constantly tempting fate.
Test the mic.
Test what you've learned.
Test your theory to determine the actual cause.
Test yourself.
Tested to withstand up to 1,650 C, the TPS can handle any heat the Sun can send its way, keeping almost all instrumentation safe.
Tester has joined the Fire guild.
Testing Koko's IQ is not easy.
Testing Koko’s IQ is not easy.
Testing a vaccine for safety and efficacy will take 12 to 18 months or more.
Testing begins this week.
Testing has been delayed by two days. As a consequence, we need to reschedule the release date.
Testing them at the two-year mark, they found that those children with the highest levels of a blood biomarker called interferon gamma had a 40-fold increase in the risk of developing active tuberculosis.
Testosterone is my kryptonite.
Testosterone is the hormone of aggressivity.
Tests and examinations were immediately conducted.
Tests make any student nervous.
Tests make most students nervous.
Tests on several people with flu-like symptoms in the village near the Thai border where the outbreak occurred have all proved negative, meaning the virus in Malaysia has not jumped from birds to humans.
Tests revealed some abnormal skin cells.
Tests showed that Alex wasn't just mimicking.
Tests showed that Alex wasn’t just mimicking.
Tests showed that the blood contained poison.
Tests start next week.
Tetanus continues to kill!
Tetsuo bent over and pulled his underwear down.
Tevet is over.
Texans began recruiting their own army.
Texas Governor Greg Abbott urged residents, if possible, to shut off water to their homes, to prevent pipes from bursting and preserve water pressure in municipal systems.
Texas beaches are underrated.
Texas borders on Mexico.
Texas child services can no longer investigate actual child sexual abuse because of being forced to go after parents of trans kids.
Texas is a very patriotic state.
Texas is almost twice the size of Germany.
Texas is known as the Lone Star State.
Texas is known for bluebonnets.
Texas is nearly twice as large as Japan.
Texas is the state of cowboys and farm animals.
Texas used to be a country.
Texas, Alabama, Utah, and Arizona abuse trans children.
Texenna was a town deep in the throes of Islamism.
Text him that we're waiting for him near the entrance.
Text is a designed language.
Text me after you get to your destination.
Text me after your flight lands.
Text me if you need anything.
Text me the address.
Text me when you are free.
Text me when you get back home.
Text me when you get home so I know you're alright.
Text me when you get home.
Text me your shopping list.
Text me.
Text me?
Text while you're driving and you're 23 times more likely to have an accident.
Textbooks are expensive.
Textbooks that claim otherwise sound dubious.
Textile News has a large following among those working in the textile industry.
Textile artist-designer Mary Jaeger, who works in a 1920 factory in Brooklyn, New York, blends the time-honored elegance of Japanese textiles with contemporary Western designs.
Textiles and agriculture combined account for nearly 50% of Nicaragua's exports.
Texting while crossing the street is dangerous.
Texting while driving is dangerous.
Texting while driving is very dangerous.
Texting while driving isn't only illegal, it's dangerous.
Texting while walking on the station platform is dangerous.
Texts are never objective.
Textured vegetable protein is a common meat substitute.
Thai Air celebrates its 50th anniversary this year.
Thai and foreign divers safely led the other eight youngsters out of the cave earlier in the week.
Thai food is extremely popular in the United States.
Thai is an interesting language.
Thai is called "Phasa Thai" in Thai.
Thai is the language of Thailand.
Thai is the official language in Thailand.
Thai is the official language of Thailand.
Thai officials are assuring the public that Bangkok is safe from flooding as they continue to build up barriers and mobilize relief efforts.
Thai officials say all 12 members of a boys’ soccer team and their coach have been rescued from deep inside a flooded cave in northern Thailand.
Thai people call their country's capital Krung Thep. If you translate this it means 'City of Angels'.
Thai writing is not linear.
Thailand has a long tradition of coups.
Thailand has two national anthems.
Thailand is a beautiful country.
Thailand is a military dictatorship.
Thailand is bordered to the north by Myanmar and Laos.
Thailand is exactly 12 hours ahead of the Eastern U.S.
Thailand is in Asia.
Thailand is in a weed frenzy after the government recently made it legal to grow and possess cannabis with some limits.
Thailand is not Taiwan.
Thailand is one of my favourite countries.
Thailand, Korea, China, and Japan have excellent cuisines.
Thailand’s tourism industry accounts for about 20% of the country’s Gross Domestic Product.
Thais has dark teeth, Laecania snow-white ones. What is the reason? The latter has bought ones, the former has her own.
Thais use mobile internet more than five hours a day, compared with more than four hours in Indonesia, the Philippines, and Malaysia, and three hours as the global average, according to the joint report released last week.
Thales believed the Earth was flat and floated on water like a log.
Thales said there was no difference between life and death. "Why, then," said some one to him, "do not you die?" "Because," said he, "it does make no difference."
Thales used the astronomical records of the Babylonians and Egyptians to accurately predict a solar eclipse in the sixth century BC.
Thalia's my favorite singer.
Thalsa called her sister.
Thalsa contacted her sister.
Thalsa phoned her sister.
Thames Street is as narrow now as it was one hundred and fifty years ago, when it was a carriageway that led to the stables of Etienne De Lancey.
Thandie Newton is a very beautiful actress.
Thania's job is temporary.
Thania’s job is temporary.
Thanina and Thilelli attended the wedding together.
Thanina and Thilelli joined the celebration together.
Thanina and Thilelli went together to the party.
Thanina is not one to put on airs.
Thanina is not the type to boast.
Thank God I am an atheist.
Thank God I did well.
Thank God I didn't hurt Tom.
Thank God I found you.
Thank God I have a job.
Thank God I survived.
Thank God I'm alive.
Thank God I'm an atheist.
Thank God Rush Limbaugh is finally dead.
Thank God Tom and Mary weren't killed.
Thank God Tom didn't screw anything up.
Thank God Tom isn't here to see this.
Thank God Tom made that decision.
Thank God Tom warned me about that.
Thank God Tom wasn't killed.
Thank God Yanni is alive and well.
Thank God Ziri is finally here.
Thank God everyone was OK.
Thank God for Urgent Care -- do you remember what it was like when we had to go to the Emergency Room for every little thing?
Thank God for atheism!
Thank God for that.
Thank God he recovered entirely.
Thank God he's coming back.
Thank God it happened.
Thank God it isn't raining.
Thank God it wasn't real.
Thank God it's Friday!
Thank God it's Friday.
Thank God it's almost over.
Thank God it's over.
Thank God it’s Friday!
Thank God nobody died.
Thank God nobody got hurt in this accident.
Thank God nobody was hurt.
Thank God that I'm alive.
Thank God that day's over.
Thank God that nobody was hurt.
Thank God that's over.
Thank God the storm is over.
Thank God the worst is behind us.
Thank God they came out unscathed from the accident.
Thank God they finally arrived.
Thank God they speak Berber.
Thank God this week is over!
Thank God this worked.
Thank God you found me.
Thank God you were here.
Thank God you weren't killed.
Thank God you're alive.
Thank God you're awake now.
Thank God you're fine.
Thank God you're here.
Thank God!
Thank God, Edmundo survived.
Thank God, Tom put on a mask hiding his freaky face.
Thank God, it is finally raining.
Thank God, sister.
Thank God, the storm is over.
Thank God.
Thank God. My prayer has been answered.
Thank Heaven, that I had the sense to turn away from him, and to marry a better, if poorer, man.
Thank Tom for me.
Thank Tom for telling us the truth.
Thank Tom for the help.
Thank Tom. It was his idea.
Thank goodness God had mercy on us.
Thank goodness I'm a woman.
Thank goodness Tom had health insurance.
Thank goodness it didn't worsen. But please don't push yourself yet.
Thank goodness it didn’t worsen. But please don’t push yourself yet.
Thank goodness it wasn't me.
Thank goodness it's Friday.
Thank goodness that polio has been eradicated.
Thank goodness that's over.
Thank goodness they are better.
Thank goodness you didn't do that.
Thank goodness you're here.
Thank goodness!
Thank goodness, the Labrador stayed calm.
Thank goodness, you've come to.
Thank goodness, you’ve come to.
Thank heavens you're back.
Thank heavens you're still alive.
Thank heavens, I'm free today.
Thank heavens.
Thank her for me.
Thank her for the help.
Thank him for me.
Thank him for the help.
Thank him.
Thank the Lord.
Thank the boss for that.
Thank them for me.
Thank them for the help.
Thank to a fundamental restructuring, our surplus has swelled threefold.
Thank y'all.
Thank you Congresswoman Smith for supporting outdoor recreation businesses.
Thank you God that I'm not a Moskal.
Thank you Yuba, I understand everything you said.
Thank you a lot for this information.
Thank you again for everything.
Thank you again for your good thoughts.
Thank you again for your help.
Thank you again for your kind assistance.
Thank you again, Tom.
Thank you all for being here.
Thank you all for coming today.
Thank you all for coming tonight.
Thank you all for coming.
Thank you all for participating.
Thank you all for reminding me what's really important in life.
Thank you all for that.
Thank you all for the congratulations!
Thank you all for the good wishes!
Thank you all for this.
Thank you all for your attention.
Thank you all for your cooperation.
Thank you all for your support.
Thank you all so much for understanding.
Thank you all so much.
Thank you all the same.
Thank you all very much!
Thank you all very much.
Thank you all.
Thank you and I look forward to your friendship request.
Thank you and goodbye!
Thank you and have a good day.
Thank you and see you soon!
Thank you as ever for the things you do.
Thank you both for everything.
Thank you both for helping.
Thank you both!
Thank you both.
Thank you dear Lord.
Thank you ever so much.
Thank you everyone for all the wonderful birthday wishes.
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!
Thank you for a job well done.
Thank you for a nice day.
Thank you for a wonderful evening.
Thank you for accepting me.
Thank you for accepting my invitation on Facebook.
Thank you for accepting our invitation!
Thank you for accepting our invitation.
Thank you for adding me to the group.
Thank you for adding me to your contacts.
Thank you for adding these new languages to Tatoeba!
Thank you for adopting this sentence.
Thank you for advising me.
Thank you for agreeing to help me.
Thank you for agreeing to meet me here.
Thank you for agreeing to meet with me.
Thank you for agreeing to meet with us.
Thank you for agreeing to meet.
Thank you for agreeing to see me after work.
Thank you for agreeing to see me.
Thank you for agreeing to this interview.
Thank you for all of your questions.
Thank you for all of your work.
Thank you for all the gifts.
Thank you for all the help you've given us.
Thank you for all the help.
Thank you for all the information.
Thank you for all the work you do.
Thank you for all the work you've done.
Thank you for all this advice.
Thank you for all you did for me that time.
Thank you for all you did.
Thank you for all you've done for us.
Thank you for all you've done.
Thank you for all your congratulations.
Thank you for all your contributions. We expect to see you again soon.
Thank you for all your efforts in teaching Berber.
Thank you for all your hard work.
Thank you for all your help over the years.
Thank you for all your help the other day.
Thank you for all your help today.
Thank you for all your help.
Thank you for all your kindness.
Thank you for all your support.
Thank you for allowing me to participate.
Thank you for allowing me.
Thank you for allowing us into your beautiful mansion.
Thank you for allowing us to be here.
Thank you for always believing in me.
Thank you for always showing us wonderful pictures.
Thank you for always sticking up for me when necessary.
Thank you for always taking care of me.
Thank you for amending that mistake.
Thank you for answering my question.
Thank you for any help.
Thank you for approving my join request.
Thank you for arranging this.
Thank you for asking me to do this.
Thank you for asking me, but maybe next time.
Thank you for asking me.
Thank you for asking this question.
Thank you for asking.
Thank you for attending this meeting.
Thank you for authorizing me to leave before time.
Thank you for backing me.
Thank you for baking this delicious cake.
Thank you for before.
Thank you for being a ray of sunshine in my life.
Thank you for being a wonderful mentor.
Thank you for being available at any time of day.
Thank you for being born.
Thank you for being by my side.
Thank you for being concerned about my mental health.
Thank you for being diligent in correcting me.
Thank you for being here, everyone.
Thank you for being here.
Thank you for being honest.
Thank you for being my anchor in stormy seas.
Thank you for being my cheerleader.
Thank you for being my constant source of strength.
Thank you for being my friend.
Thank you for being my friends.
Thank you for being my guiding light.
Thank you for being my rock.
Thank you for being on my side.
Thank you for being part of it!
Thank you for being patient as we respond to the high volume of calls.
Thank you for being patient with me.
Thank you for being quiet.
Thank you for being so calm.
Thank you for being so caring.
Thank you for being so cooperative.
Thank you for being so frank.
Thank you for being so generous.
Thank you for being so reliable.
Thank you for being so supportive.
Thank you for being so thoughtful.
Thank you for being so understanding.
Thank you for being straight with me.
Thank you for being such a good friend.
Thank you for being such a great president.
Thank you for being such a positive influence.
Thank you for being the wind beneath my wings.
Thank you for being there for me, Daniel.
Thank you for being there for me.
Thank you for being there.
Thank you for being with us from Algiers.
Thank you for being with us here.
Thank you for being you.
Thank you for being.
Thank you for boiling the water.
Thank you for borrowing money from my bank.
Thank you for braking. You almost killed us!
Thank you for breakfast.
Thank you for breaking my phone.
Thank you for bringing Tom.
Thank you for bringing her.
Thank you for bringing him.
Thank you for bringing it.
Thank you for bringing that up.
Thank you for bringing them.
Thank you for bringing this problem to our attention.
Thank you for bringing this to my attention.
Thank you for bringing your computer.
Thank you for bringing your own food.
Thank you for building this wall.
Thank you for burning my shirt with your cigarette.
Thank you for buying food.
Thank you for buying me this magazine.
Thank you for buying the house at such a good price.
Thank you for calling Jackson & Jackson, can you hold, please?
Thank you for calling Tom.
Thank you for calling me back.
Thank you for calling me on time.
Thank you for calling me.
Thank you for calling.
Thank you for calling. This is the Japan Post Redelivery Reception Center.
Thank you for carding the wool.
Thank you for caring.
Thank you for catching me a butterfly.
Thank you for changing your clothes.
Thank you for checking.
Thank you for choosing us.
Thank you for clearing that up.
Thank you for clearing the backyard.
Thank you for clearing up the misunderstanding.
Thank you for climbing this tree to help me.
Thank you for closing the door.
Thank you for coming all the way in this rain.
Thank you for coming all the way to see me off.
Thank you for coming all the way to see me.
Thank you for coming at such short notice.
Thank you for coming back.
Thank you for coming by.
Thank you for coming early.
Thank you for coming here to help.
Thank you for coming here today.
Thank you for coming here.
Thank you for coming in early.
Thank you for coming in for the interview.
Thank you for coming in on your day off.
Thank you for coming in today.
Thank you for coming in.
Thank you for coming on short notice.
Thank you for coming on such short notice.
Thank you for coming this evening.
Thank you for coming to help me.
Thank you for coming to meet me.
Thank you for coming to my office today.
Thank you for coming to my office.
Thank you for coming to my rescue.
Thank you for coming to our house.
Thank you for coming to our wedding.
Thank you for coming to see me off.
Thank you for coming to see me.
Thank you for coming to talk to us.
Thank you for coming to the interview.
Thank you for coming today.
Thank you for coming tonight.
Thank you for coming with me.
Thank you for coming!
Thank you for coming, Tom.
Thank you for coming.
Thank you for commenting on my article.
Thank you for completing this form.
Thank you for considering it.
Thank you for considering me for the job.
Thank you for considering us.
Thank you for consoling me when I was sad.
Thank you for contributing.
Thank you for cooperating.
Thank you for correcting my text.
Thank you for correcting this mistake.
Thank you for crossing the river to help me.
Thank you for cutting the dead tree in my garden.
Thank you for dancing with me.
Thank you for dealing with this problem on time.
Thank you for decorating my house.
Thank you for decorating this glass for me.
Thank you for dedicating a poem to me in Berber.
Thank you for dinner.
Thank you for dividing the pizza in 3 portions.
Thank you for doing me this favor.
Thank you for doing that for Tom.
Thank you for doing that for me.
Thank you for doing that.
Thank you for doing the cooking while I was sick in bed.
Thank you for doing the laundry for me.
Thank you for doing this, Tom.
Thank you for doing this.
Thank you for drawing a bird for me.
Thank you for drawing my attention to my mistake.
Thank you for everything as always.
Thank you for everything today.
Thank you for everything you did for us.
Thank you for everything you do.
Thank you for everything you have done for me.
Thank you for everything you've done for Canada.
Thank you for everything you've done for me.
Thank you for everything you've done for us.
Thank you for everything you've done.
Thank you for everything you’ve done for Canada.
Thank you for everything!
Thank you for everything.
Thank you for explaining everything to me.
Thank you for explaining everything.
Thank you for explaining this to me.
Thank you for extending to me such a warm welcome.
Thank you for finally explaining to me why people take me for an idiot.
Thank you for finding out what happened.
Thank you for fixing my car, Tom.
Thank you for flying with us.
Thank you for following up on that.
Thank you for fucking up this planet. Sincerely, the rest of us.
Thank you for getting all these documents together.
Thank you for giving me a heads-up.
Thank you for giving me hope.
Thank you for giving me something to eat. I was really hungry.
Thank you for giving me the option.
Thank you for giving me the time I needed to finish this.
Thank you for giving me this lovely gift!
Thank you for giving me this.
Thank you for giving me those Italian magazines!
Thank you for giving this to me.
Thank you for giving us hope.
Thank you for granting me permission.
Thank you for granting your permission.
Thank you for greeting me.
Thank you for having me on.
Thank you for having us.
Thank you for hearing me out.
Thank you for helping Tom.
Thank you for helping me carry my suitcases.
Thank you for helping me celebrate my birthday.
Thank you for helping me clean out the garage.
Thank you for helping me correct the situation.
Thank you for helping me cross the road.
Thank you for helping me cross the street.
Thank you for helping me do that.
Thank you for helping me do this.
Thank you for helping me find a good job.
Thank you for helping me keep out of trouble.
Thank you for helping me organize Tom's birthday party.
Thank you for helping me out.
Thank you for helping me reach my goals.
Thank you for helping me solve the problem.
Thank you for helping me stick to my diet.
Thank you for helping me to cross the road.
Thank you for helping me to do my homework.
Thank you for helping me translate the report into French.
Thank you for helping me with my essay.
Thank you for helping me with my homework.
Thank you for helping me with the problem.
Thank you for helping me with this.
Thank you for helping me write my resume.
Thank you for helping me yesterday.
Thank you for helping me, pal.
Thank you for helping me.
Thank you for helping me. Please turn off the light, I want to go to sleep.
Thank you for helping to keep the kitchen floor clean and safe.
Thank you for helping us solve the problem.
Thank you for helping us.
Thank you for helping.
Thank you for hiring me.
Thank you for holding.
Thank you for holding; we apologize for the delay. All of our representatives are currently assisting other customers. Please stay on the line and somebody will be with you shortly.
Thank you for holding; we apologize for the delay. All of our representatives are currently assisting other customers. Please stay on the line and someone will be with you shortly.
Thank you for indulging me.
Thank you for informing me.
Thank you for informing us that Mr Dived prepared the policy draft.
Thank you for introducing me to Tom.
Thank you for inviting me here.
Thank you for inviting me to dinner the other night.
Thank you for inviting me to dinner.
Thank you for inviting me to the party.
Thank you for inviting me to this beautiful family meeting.
Thank you for inviting me to your birthday party.
Thank you for inviting me.
Thank you for inviting us to dinner.
Thank you for joining me today.
Thank you for joining us today.
Thank you for joining us.
Thank you for keeping us up-to-date.
Thank you for lending me these books.
Thank you for lending me this money.
Thank you for lending me your car.
Thank you for lending the book to us.
Thank you for lending these books to me.
Thank you for lending us the book.
Thank you for letting Tom go.
Thank you for letting me explain what really happened.
Thank you for letting me know about this.
Thank you for letting me know that the Model 600-J printer will not be available until May 4, 1997.
Thank you for letting me know.
Thank you for letting me speak with Tom.
Thank you for letting me speak.
Thank you for letting me stay here with you.
Thank you for listening to me.
Thank you for listening to my presentation.
Thank you for listening to my problems.
Thank you for listening to us!
Thank you for listening.
Thank you for looking after my children.
Thank you for looking after my sister.
Thank you for looking at my poor scribblings.
Thank you for loving me.
Thank you for lunch!
Thank you for lunch.
Thank you for making it clear exactly who you are.
Thank you for making it so easy.
Thank you for making the arrangements.
Thank you for meeting me halfway.
Thank you for meeting me.
Thank you for meeting with us today.
Thank you for mentioning my podcast.
Thank you for mentioning this.
Thank you for my presents!
Thank you for not betraying me.
Thank you for not betraying us.
Thank you for not blaming me for the accident.
Thank you for not judging.
Thank you for not pressuring me.
Thank you for not saying anything.
Thank you for not smoking in the elevator.
Thank you for not smoking in the lift.
Thank you for not smoking.
Thank you for not telling them Yanni did it.
Thank you for not using machine translation.
Thank you for nothing.
Thank you for noticing my errors and correcting them.
Thank you for noticing.
Thank you for opening my eyes.
Thank you for organizing the party.
Thank you for participating.
Thank you for picking me up.
Thank you for playing this blog post!
Thank you for pointing that out.
Thank you for preparing me for the game.
Thank you for preparing meals for me while I was sick in bed.
Thank you for promoting me to manager.
Thank you for protecting our family's home. Be careful not to get infected with the new coronavirus.
Thank you for protecting us.
Thank you for providing me with an experience I will never forget.
Thank you for pushing me.
Thank you for raising these points.
Thank you for reaching out.
Thank you for reading this sentence.
Thank you for reading to the end.
Thank you for recording an conversation in English on video.
Thank you for refreshing our memories.
Thank you for releasing me from my shackles.
Thank you for remembering my birthday.
Thank you for remembering.
Thank you for reminding me about the meeting I have to attend.
Thank you for reminding me.
Thank you for replying.
Thank you for reporting the problem.
Thank you for reporting this to me.
Thank you for rescuing us.
Thank you for returning my call.
Thank you for ringing.
Thank you for saving Tom.
Thank you for saving my life.
Thank you for saving us.
Thank you for saying so.
Thank you for saying that.
Thank you for seeing me off.
Thank you for seeing me.
Thank you for seeing us.
Thank you for sending me a nice card.
Thank you for sending me a nice letter.
Thank you for sending me the documents I needed.
Thank you for sending me the link to purchase "The Godfather" movie.
Thank you for sending the product information asked for.
Thank you for setting the record straight.
Thank you for sharing it.
Thank you for sharing that idea.
Thank you for sharing that with me.
Thank you for sharing your ideas with us.
Thank you for sharing your story.
Thank you for sharing!
Thank you for sharing.
Thank you for shopping with me.
Thank you for shopping with us!
Thank you for shopping with us.
Thank you for shopping.
Thank you for showing me around Boston.
Thank you for showing me around today.
Thank you for showing me around.
Thank you for showing me how to do that.
Thank you for showing me how to do this.
Thank you for showing me so many things.
Thank you for showing me that.
Thank you for showing me the way when I was lost.
Thank you for showing me the way.
Thank you for showing me this.
Thank you for showing the world your true colors.
Thank you for solving that problem.
Thank you for speaking with Tom.
Thank you for staying.
Thank you for stepping in.
Thank you for stepping up with the dishes today.
Thank you for stopping by.
Thank you for submitting your manuscript to AJE.
Thank you for submitting your speaking proposal.
Thank you for submitting your work to this journal.
Thank you for submitting your work to this newspaper.
Thank you for such a detailed explanation.
Thank you for supporting Tom.
Thank you for supporting me.
Thank you for taking Tom fishing with you.
Thank you for taking care of it so quickly.
Thank you for taking care of it.
Thank you for taking care of my dog.
Thank you for taking care of this matter.
Thank you for taking care of this.
Thank you for taking care of us.
Thank you for taking me home.
Thank you for taking my call.
Thank you for taking some time out of your busy schedule to reply to my letter.
Thank you for taking such good care of Tom.
Thank you for taking the time out to pay a visit to our company.
Thank you for taking the time to answer my questions.
Thank you for taking the time to help us.
Thank you for taking the time to meet me.
Thank you for taking the time to talk to us.
Thank you for taking the time to wash the dishes.
Thank you for taking the trouble to do this.
Thank you for taking the trouble to prepare your delicious meals.
Thank you for talking to Tom.
Thank you for talking to me.
Thank you for talking to us tonight.
Thank you for teaching me Berber.
Thank you for teaching me French.
Thank you for teaching me Japanese language.
Thank you for teaching me how to do this.
Thank you for teaching me so many things.
Thank you for telling me that.
Thank you for telling me the truth.
Thank you for telling me what happened.
Thank you for telling me what you hate. Now it has become easier to fight you.
Thank you for telling me.
Thank you for telling us that it was Tom who did that.
Thank you for telling us that.
Thank you for telling us who Tom is.
Thank you for that information.
Thank you for that lovely translation.
Thank you for that.
Thank you for the Christmas gift.
Thank you for the Kabyle dress.
Thank you for the advice.
Thank you for the article.
Thank you for the beautiful flowers.
Thank you for the beautiful postcards.
Thank you for the beautiful roses.
Thank you for the book.
Thank you for the brandy.
Thank you for the cake.
Thank you for the candy.
Thank you for the chocolate. It was delicious.
Thank you for the clarification.
Thank you for the clarifications.
Thank you for the coffee.
Thank you for the comments and kind words.
Thank you for the compliment.
Thank you for the confirmation.
Thank you for the correction.
Thank you for the corrections.
Thank you for the cute postcard.
Thank you for the delicious coffee.
Thank you for the delicious dessert. It complemented the dinner perfectly.
Thank you for the delicious dinner.
Thank you for the detailed and extensive reply.
Thank you for the detailed answer.
Thank you for the detailed explanation.
Thank you for the detailed reply.
Thank you for the dinner, it's so delicious.
Thank you for the donation.
Thank you for the draft of the Agreement.
Thank you for the drinks.
Thank you for the encouraging words.
Thank you for the endless support!
Thank you for the evening.
Thank you for the explanation.
Thank you for the extra info.
Thank you for the extra information.
Thank you for the feedback.
Thank you for the flowers!
Thank you for the flowers.
Thank you for the game!
Thank you for the generous invitation but we don't want to wear out our welcome.
Thank you for the generous invitation but we don’t want to wear out our welcome.
Thank you for the gift.
Thank you for the gift. It's just what I wanted.
Thank you for the great meal.
Thank you for the heads up.
Thank you for the help.
Thank you for the helpful suggestion.
Thank you for the incisive analysis.
Thank you for the information.
Thank you for the interesting discussion.
Thank you for the interesting lecture.
Thank you for the introduction.
Thank you for the invitation!
Thank you for the invitation, I don't like sertanejo music.
Thank you for the invitation.
Thank you for the kind words.
Thank you for the last invitation.
Thank you for the lead.
Thank you for the lesson.
Thank you for the letter.
Thank you for the link.
Thank you for the lovely dinner.
Thank you for the lovely evening.
Thank you for the lovely story.
Thank you for the lovely surprise!
Thank you for the meal.
Thank you for the memories.
Thank you for the necklace.
Thank you for the night.
Thank you for the offer.
Thank you for the offer. I really appreciate it.
Thank you for the opportunity.
Thank you for the other day.
Thank you for the overview.
Thank you for the patience you have with me.
Thank you for the pleasant evening.
Thank you for the positive feedback.
Thank you for the present you gave my son.
Thank you for the present.
Thank you for the quick response to my message.
Thank you for the quick response.
Thank you for the refreshments.
Thank you for the shipment.
Thank you for the soup.
Thank you for the suggestion.
Thank you for the support.
Thank you for the tea.
Thank you for the tickets.
Thank you for the time you spent with me during my visit to Atlanta.
Thank you for the translation. But, please, choose another flag!
Thank you for the update.
Thank you for the very helpful advice.
Thank you for the very helpful suggestion.
Thank you for the warm welcome, madame.
Thank you for the warning.
Thank you for the wonderful dinner.
Thank you for the wonderful gift.
Thank you for the wonderful meal.
Thank you for thinking about me.
Thank you for this food.
Thank you for this generous gift.
Thank you for this honor.
Thank you for this incredible honor.
Thank you for this lovely evening.
Thank you for this lovely introduction.
Thank you for this lovely translation.
Thank you for this message!
Thank you for this nice present.
Thank you for this opportunity.
Thank you for this report.
Thank you for this revealing lecture!
Thank you for this wonderful conversation.
Thank you for this wonderful gift.
Thank you for this wonderful tribute.
Thank you for this, Tom.
Thank you for this.
Thank you for those comforting words.
Thank you for those who prepared this programme.
Thank you for today.
Thank you for tolerating me.
Thank you for trusting me.
Thank you for trying to help me.
Thank you for trying.
Thank you for understanding me.
Thank you for understanding the beauty of the koto. I'm very delighted.
Thank you for understanding.
Thank you for visiting us.
Thank you for visiting.
Thank you for volunteering.
Thank you for waiting.
Thank you for waiting. One kid's meal and an ice cream soda.
Thank you for waiting. One kid’s meal and an ice cream soda.
Thank you for waking me up.
Thank you for warning me.
Thank you for watching my back.
Thank you for watching.
Thank you for what you did for me the other day.
Thank you for what you're doing.
Thank you for working here with us.
Thank you for writing to me.
Thank you for writing.
Thank you for yesterday.
Thank you for your advice.
Thank you for your always smiling face.
Thank you for your answer!
Thank you for your answer.
Thank you for your assistance.
Thank you for your attention!
Thank you for your attention.
Thank you for your backing.
Thank you for your beautiful postcard.
Thank you for your business!
Thank you for your business, as always.
Thank you for your business.
Thank you for your business. Please come again!
Thank you for your call earlier.
Thank you for your call.
Thank you for your candor.
Thank you for your chocolate.
Thank you for your comforting words.
Thank you for your comment.
Thank you for your commitment!
Thank you for your commitment.
Thank you for your company.
Thank you for your compliance.
Thank you for your concern about my mother and father.
Thank you for your concern.
Thank you for your confidence.
Thank you for your consideration.
Thank you for your continued support.
Thank you for your contribution.
Thank you for your contributions.
Thank you for your cooperation in advance.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Thank you for your courtesy.
Thank you for your curiosity.
Thank you for your dedication.
Thank you for your detailed explanation.
Thank you for your donation.
Thank you for your donations.
Thank you for your e-mail regarding the matter in question.
Thank you for your efforts.
Thank you for your email.
Thank you for your encouragement.
Thank you for your encouraging words.
Thank you for your enthusiasm.
Thank you for your explanation.
Thank you for your feedback on the situation.
Thank you for your feedback.
Thank you for your flexibility! With all the things I'm doing, it's hard to have a super predictable schedule. That's one reason why I like online classes with understanding professors, which is why I think this class will be great for me.
Thank you for your flexibility.
Thank you for your frank opinion.
Thank you for your friendship.
Thank you for your generosity!
Thank you for your generosity.
Thank you for your generous donation.
Thank you for your generous gift.
Thank you for your gift!
Thank you for your gift.
Thank you for your guidance.
Thank you for your hard work during today's evacuation drill.
Thank you for your hard work.
Thank you for your help the other day.
Thank you for your help!
Thank you for your help, all of you.
Thank you for your help, everyone.
Thank you for your help.
Thank you for your help. I apologize for the confusion.
Thank you for your honest feedback.
Thank you for your honesty.
Thank you for your hospitality and generosity.
Thank you for your hospitality.
Thank you for your indulgence.
Thank you for your input.
Thank you for your inquiry.
Thank you for your insight.
Thank you for your insightful comments.
Thank you for your instruction. It really helped.
Thank you for your interest in our company.
Thank you for your interest in our language.
Thank you for your interest in this position.
Thank you for your interest.
Thank you for your interesting look on things.
Thank you for your invitation.
Thank you for your kind applause.
Thank you for your kind assistance while I was in New York.
Thank you for your kind assistance.
Thank you for your kind attention.
Thank you for your kind gesture.
Thank you for your kind hospitality.
Thank you for your kind letter.
Thank you for your kind letter. It was good to hear from you again.
Thank you for your kind understanding.
Thank you for your kind words.
Thank you for your kindness and hospitality.
Thank you for your kindness in seeing me.
Thank you for your kindness.
Thank you for your leadership.
Thank you for your letter dated January 7th.
Thank you for your letter from the seventh of January.
Thank you for your letter of July 25 and the fabric sample.
Thank you for your letter!
Thank you for your letter.
Thank you for your letters.
Thank you for your love.
Thank you for your loyalty.
Thank you for your many kindnesses to me.
Thank you for your message.
Thank you for your offer of overnight accommodation, but I won't take you up on it.
Thank you for your ongoing support.
Thank you for your opinion.
Thank you for your participation.
Thank you for your patience.
Thank you for your patronage.
Thank you for your perspective.
Thank you for your positivity.
Thank you for your postcard! That looks magical all covered in snow!
Thank you for your present.
Thank you for your prompt reply.
Thank you for your purchase!
Thank you for your purchase.
Thank you for your quick reply.
Thank you for your recent purchase.
Thank you for your recommendation.
Thank you for your referral.
Thank you for your reply.
Thank you for your report.
Thank you for your response.
Thank you for your service.
Thank you for your silence.
Thank you for your strong support.
Thank you for your support, as always.
Thank you for your support.
Thank you for your sympathy card.
Thank you for your talk on autism.
Thank you for your thorough explanation.
Thank you for your thoughtful and compassionate response.
Thank you for your thoughtfulness.
Thank you for your time and effort.
Thank you for your time today.
Thank you for your time.
Thank you for your translation!
Thank you for your translation.
Thank you for your trouble.
Thank you for your understanding.
Thank you for your unwavering support.
Thank you for your valuable feedback.
Thank you for your very interesting contribution!
Thank you for your visit.
Thank you for your warm welcome!
Thank you for your warm words.
Thank you for your warning.
Thank you for your words of appreciation.
Thank you for your words of consolation.
Thank you for your words of encouragement.
Thank you for your words of praise. I was very happy.
Thank you for your work as well.
Thank you for your work on a day off.
Thank you for your work, by the way.
Thank you for your work.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for trusting me.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Thank you guys for coming.
Thank you in advance for your answer.
Thank you in advance for your cooperation.
Thank you in advance for your help.
Thank you in advance for your reply.
Thank you in advance for your response.
Thank you in advance.
Thank you just the same.
Thank you kindly.
Thank you once again for your attention.
Thank you once again!
Thank you one and all.
Thank you sincerely for the luxurious present.
Thank you so much for attending!
Thank you so much for being here today.
Thank you so much for being here.
Thank you so much for coming by.
Thank you so much for coming to our wedding.
Thank you so much for coming with me today.
Thank you so much for coming!
Thank you so much for coming.
Thank you so much for dinner.
Thank you so much for doing that.
Thank you so much for doing this.
Thank you so much for everything.
Thank you so much for having been the nice N.Y. contact that you are.
Thank you so much for having me.
Thank you so much for helping me.
Thank you so much for inviting me.
Thank you so much for lunch.
Thank you so much for remembering.
Thank you so much for showing me how to do this.
Thank you so much for telling me that story.
Thank you so much for that.
Thank you so much for the English subtitles.
Thank you so much for the English subtitles. This format is really fun to watch.
Thank you so much for the help.
Thank you so much for the information.
Thank you so much for the punctual confirmation.
Thank you so much for this information.
Thank you so much for this.
Thank you so much for today.
Thank you so much for understanding.
Thank you so much for volunteering.
Thank you so much for your always easily understandable explanations.
Thank you so much for your easily understandable explanation.
Thank you so much for your generosity.
Thank you so much for your generous donation.
Thank you so much for your help.
Thank you so much for your hospitality.
Thank you so much for your interest in one of our homes, I'll be happy to look into this for you and provide you with just the best options that match your expectations.
Thank you so much for your support.
Thank you so much!
Thank you so much! I am alive.
Thank you so much, Tom.
Thank you so much, my friend.
Thank you so much, my friends!
Thank you so much.
Thank you so really much, my friend! I really appreciate that.
Thank you so so much for the lovely present you sent!
Thank you so very much for your greetings.
Thank you so very much.
Thank you to all the veterans who have served this country.
Thank you to all those who supported me.
Thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes.
Thank you to everyone who has been part of my life here in the UK.
Thank you to everyone who helped me.
Thank you too!
Thank you very much for all you have done.
Thank you very much for all your advice.
Thank you very much for all your kindness.
Thank you very much for all your support.
Thank you very much for always being available when I needed you.
Thank you very much for always being there when I need you.
Thank you very much for an inspiring comment.
Thank you very much for attending.
Thank you very much for being so willing to help me being so busy with so many things.
Thank you very much for calling.
Thank you very much for checking my sentences.
Thank you very much for coming all the way to see me off.
Thank you very much for coming all the way to see me.
Thank you very much for coming so far as see me off.
Thank you very much for coming so far to see me off.
Thank you very much for coming to see me.
Thank you very much for coming today.
Thank you very much for coming.
Thank you very much for considering us.
Thank you very much for doing that for me.
Thank you very much for doing that.
Thank you very much for driving me all the way to my house.
Thank you very much for everything today.
Thank you very much for everything while working for the Osaka branch.
Thank you very much for everything.
Thank you very much for everything. He wrote it down lest he should forget it.
Thank you very much for flying with us today.
Thank you very much for having me as your guest.
Thank you very much for having me in your program.
Thank you very much for helping me.
Thank you very much for informing me that the shipment will be delayed.
Thank you very much for inviting me today.
Thank you very much for inviting me.
Thank you very much for kindly explaining it so well. But, sadly, I think I'll pass on adopting it.
Thank you very much for lending me $500 when I was having difficulty making ends meet.
Thank you very much for lending me your umbrella.
Thank you very much for listening.
Thank you very much for patronizing our store for a long time.
Thank you very much for pointing that out.
Thank you very much for sending me such a nice present.
Thank you very much for showing me how to do this.
Thank you very much for that.
Thank you very much for that. I appreciate it.
Thank you very much for the answer, inspiring new hope.
Thank you very much for the beautiful card.
Thank you very much for the call yesterday.
Thank you very much for the comment.
Thank you very much for the consideration you will give to our request.
Thank you very much for the excellent coffee.
Thank you very much for the food.
Thank you very much for the information.
Thank you very much for the interview and the time you have given us.
Thank you very much for the invitation.
Thank you very much for the other day.
Thank you very much for the post card!
Thank you very much for the suggestion. I'll definitely think about it.
Thank you very much for the trust!
Thank you very much for the undeserved attention.
Thank you very much for the useful advice.
Thank you very much for the very detailed response.
Thank you very much for the wonderful dinner last night.
Thank you very much for this dinner.
Thank you very much for today.
Thank you very much for waiting.
Thank you very much for your advice.
Thank you very much for your business.
Thank you very much for your call.
Thank you very much for your comments.
Thank you very much for your cooperation.
Thank you very much for your detailed explanation.
Thank you very much for your generosity.
Thank you very much for your generous donation.
Thank you very much for your gift.
Thank you very much for your hard work.
Thank you very much for your hearty hospitality.
Thank you very much for your help.
Thank you very much for your hospitality today.
Thank you very much for your hospitality.
Thank you very much for your interest.
Thank you very much for your interesting questions.
Thank you very much for your invitation, Richard.
Thank you very much for your invitation.
Thank you very much for your kind words.
Thank you very much for your kindness.
Thank you very much for your letter of January 7th.
Thank you very much for your letter.
Thank you very much for your participation!
Thank you very much for your patience.
Thank you very much for your present.
Thank you very much for your quick reply.
Thank you very much for your recommendation.
Thank you very much for your suggestion.
Thank you very much for your support, as always.
Thank you very much for your support.
Thank you very much for your thoughtful present.
Thank you very much for your time on the phone.
Thank you very much for your time today.
Thank you very much for your time.
Thank you very much for your tips!
Thank you very much for your understanding.
Thank you very much if the shipment has already been made and please disregard this inquiry.
Thank you very much in advance!
Thank you very much indeed.
Thank you very much kindly.
Thank you very much!
Thank you very much! I don't know what we would do without you.
Thank you very much! It's beautiful.
Thank you very much! Much obliged.
Thank you very much, I am full.
Thank you very much, Tom.
Thank you very much, doctor.
Thank you very much, dr.
Thank you very much, everybody.
Thank you very much, everyone.
Thank you very much, sir.
Thank you very much, teacher!
Thank you very much, you always say more agreeable things than I do.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much. I appreciate your help.
Thank you very much. Once again, I have learned a lot.
Thank you very much. Thank you for activating my gag reflex.
Thank you very much. That's very kind.
Thank you very much. You should also feel free to ask me for help in the future.
Thank you very much; that was perfect.
Thank you very, very much!
Thank you with all my heart.
Thank you!
Thank you! I feel the same.
Thank you! I'm really happy.
Thank you, Captain Obvious.
Thank you, Doctor.
Thank you, Doctor. You're very kind.
Thank you, Einstein.
Thank you, Goddess, mother of the earth, for calling me again into the world.
Thank you, I couldn't do it without you.
Thank you, I finally understand.
Thank you, I only want to watch.
Thank you, I understand everything.
Thank you, I'd like to stay in your house.
Thank you, I'll return the favour.
Thank you, I'm just looking.
Thank you, I've finished speaking.
Thank you, I've finished talking.
Thank you, I've had enough.
Thank you, I've heard everything I wanted to know.
Thank you, I’ve had enough.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Mother.
Thank you, Rosa and Clara, for our party.
Thank you, Sherlock Holmes.
Thank you, Tom, but I'm OK now.
Thank you, Tom, but I'm okay now.
Thank you, Tom, but the princess is in another castle.
Thank you, Tom.
Thank you, Tom. And thank you too, Mary.
Thank you, Tom. I love flowers.
Thank you, Ziri, for the question.
Thank you, all of you.
Thank you, and keep up the good work.
Thank you, anyway.
Thank you, as always.
Thank you, brother.
Thank you, brothers.
Thank you, buddy.
Thank you, but I don't drink anymore.
Thank you, but I don't need help.
Thank you, but I don't need your help.
Thank you, but I know that already.
Thank you, but I'm afraid I can't.
Thank you, but I'm not interested.
Thank you, but unfortunately I can't.
Thank you, could I have a little more?
Thank you, dear.
Thank you, everybody.
Thank you, everybody. Thank you so much.
Thank you, friend. You are fair and just.
Thank you, from the bottom of my heart!
Thank you, guys!
Thank you, guys, for all the help.
Thank you, guys.
Thank you, have a nice day.
Thank you, hun!
Thank you, madam.
Thank you, man.
Thank you, my child.
Thank you, my darling.
Thank you, my dear.
Thank you, my friend.
Thank you, my friends.
Thank you, no.
Thank you, now I understand.
Thank you, please come back soon.
Thank you, sir, for your kindness.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, tea would be very acceptable.
Thank you, that was very moving.
Thank you, that will be enough.
Thank you, that'll be all.
Thank you, that's useful information.
Thank you, this is all.
Thank you, this will be useful for me.
Thank you, this will do.
Thank you, too! You helped me a lot!
Thank you, too.
Thank you, you have fixed it.
Thank you, you showed me respect.
Thank you, you're good!
Thank you, young man!
Thank you.
Thank you. God bless you. And may God bless the United States of America.
Thank you. I appreciate that.
Thank you. I have a feeling that I can keep going, for some reason.
Thank you. I really appreciate it.
Thank you. I used to play tennis in high school.
Thank you. I'll do it right away.
Thank you. I'll get on it right away.
Thank you. I'll get to it right away.
Thank you. I'll stay home.
Thank you. I've waited for this question.
Thank you. It is kind for you to be thinking of me.
Thank you. It makes me really happy to hear that from you.
Thank you. Please do.
Thank you. Please stop here.
Thank you. That's very reassuring.
Thank you. This will help very much.
Thank you. We appreciate it.
Thank you. We'll do our best.
Thank you. Whenever I try to speak in a language other than my own, I end up overthinking things, and it never goes well.
Thank you. You have opened my eyes.
Thank you. You saved my life.
Thank you. You've been very helpful.
Thank you... now watch this drive.
Thank you?
Thank your for saving me.
Thank your friend for the gift.
Thank your local hamster for keeping the Internet going.
Thankfully nothing unfortunate happened.
Thankfully she did not die.
Thankfully, Bruno is gone now.
Thankfully, I didn't see them again.
Thankfully, I'm still friends with her.
Thankfully, I've got a spare key.
Thankfully, Michael doesn't get startled easily.
Thankfully, Michael now lives far, far away from that neighborhood.
Thankfully, Rodrigo was wearing his seat belt.
Thankfully, Tom didn't break anything.
Thankfully, Tom didn't break everything.
Thankfully, Tom didn't have his door locked, so we were able to wait for him inside.
Thankfully, Tom respected my decision.
Thankfully, Yanni didn't have his door locked.
Thankfully, Yanni's bus came on time.
Thankfully, electrical lighting has virtually eliminated the need for acetylene headlamps.
Thankfully, he arrived just in time.
Thankfully, it was only a nightmare.
Thankfully, my neighbor was a friend.
Thankfully, no one noticed.
Thankfully, no one was injured in the fire.
Thankfully, nobody noticed.
Thankfully, nobody was injured in the fire.
Thankfully, nothing else happened that night.
Thankfully, she got paid yesterday.
Thankfully, that didn't happen.
Thankfully, the autonomous car detected the obstruction and avoided a collision.
Thankfully, the car started without trouble.
Thankfully, the cops came before Ziri did something stupid.
Thankfully, the cops found Diego before he left.
Thankfully, the door was locked.
Thankfully, the drive-thru was open 24/7.
Thankfully, the intruder left Martino's house.
Thankfully, the medicine quickly started to take effect.
Thankfully, the weather was nice and we were able to eat outside.
Thankfully, there was an Armani store just outside the alley where Dima had slept.
Thankfully, this doesn't happen often.
Thankfully, this game does not have bikini armour.
Thankfully, we all got into the car.
Thankfulness begets thankfulness.
Thanking you in advance.
Thanking you in anticipation.
Thanks God, Apple is dumping that Flash crap!
Thanks Tom, I appreciate it.
Thanks Tom. I appreciate it.
Thanks a bunch.
Thanks a heap.
Thanks a lot and many regards to you all.
Thanks a lot for all the help.
Thanks a lot for all the things you've done for me.
Thanks a lot for everything you've done for us.
Thanks a lot for everything you've done.
Thanks a lot for having warned me!
Thanks a lot for helping me today.
Thanks a lot for helping out.
Thanks a lot for helping us today.
Thanks a lot for lending your umbrella to me.
Thanks a lot for letting me know.
Thanks a lot for stopping by.
Thanks a lot for the advice.
Thanks a lot for the comment.
Thanks a lot for the information.
Thanks a lot for the invitation.
Thanks a lot for the likes, Tom!
Thanks a lot for the link, I love translating and learning languages!
Thanks a lot for the telephone you gave me.
Thanks a lot for this funny and interesting lesson, my teacher!
Thanks a lot for your comment.
Thanks a lot for your help.
Thanks a lot for your time.
Thanks a lot for your tips!
Thanks a lot!
Thanks a lot! I didn't expect such a quick reply.
Thanks a lot! I don't know what we'd do without you.
Thanks a lot, Tom, but no thanks.
Thanks a lot, Tom.
Thanks a lot, but I'm drinking, if possible, a warm cocoa.
Thanks a lot, mom! You just ruined my life!
Thanks a lot, teacher!
Thanks a lot, you just ruined my life!
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot. I appreciate that.
Thanks a lot. I don't know what we would do without you.
Thanks a lot. Why are you being so kind to me?
Thanks a million for your help, Mila, you're a truly amazing human being.
Thanks a million!
Thanks a million.
Thanks a tonne. How come you're being so kind to me?
Thanks a whole lot for organizing this event.
Thanks a whole lot for the food.
Thanks again for all your hard work.
Thanks again for coming.
Thanks again for doing this.
Thanks again for everything you've done for me.
Thanks again for everything.
Thanks again for inviting us to your party.
Thanks again for rescuing me, again.
Thanks again for the flowers.
Thanks again for the opportunity.
Thanks again for your help.
Thanks again for your kindness.
Thanks again.
Thanks all the same.
Thanks also to your sister who wrote this novel.
Thanks and good night!
Thanks and see you soon!
Thanks anyway, Tom.
Thanks anyway.
Thanks be to God.
Thanks but no thanks.
Thanks ever so much.
Thanks for accepting my friend request on Facebook.
Thanks for adding me as a friend.
Thanks for adding me on Facebook.
Thanks for adding me to your list of friends.
Thanks for adding me.
Thanks for adding translations of Hungarian sentences!
Thanks for agreeing to come.
Thanks for agreeing to meet me here.
Thanks for agreeing to meet us here.
Thanks for all of the questions.
Thanks for all the fish.
Thanks for all the good times.
Thanks for all the help you've given me already.
Thanks for all the help you've given me.
Thanks for all the help.
Thanks for all the memories.
Thanks for all these great questions.
Thanks for all this advice.
Thanks for all you've done for me.
Thanks for all you've done to make my special day such a memorable one.
Thanks for all you've done.
Thanks for all you've tried to do.
Thanks for all your comments!
Thanks for all your great photos!
Thanks for all your hard work.
Thanks for all your help.
Thanks for all your insight.
Thanks for always being my voice of reason.
Thanks for always being there for me.
Thanks for always being there when I need you.
Thanks for always being there when I needed you.
Thanks for always having my back.
Thanks for always helping me.
Thanks for always making me laugh.
Thanks for always making me smile.
Thanks for any help you can give me.
Thanks for arriving.
Thanks for asking me this question.
Thanks for asking me.
Thanks for asking that question.
Thanks for asking, Tom.
Thanks for asking, my family's doing very well.
Thanks for asking, she is fine.
Thanks for asking.
Thanks for attending the class today.
Thanks for being an idiot.
Thanks for being here with us.
Thanks for being here.
Thanks for being my constant source of inspiration.
Thanks for being my friend.
Thanks for being my girlfriend.
Thanks for being my guide.
Thanks for being my rock during tough times.
Thanks for being my sounding board.
Thanks for being on time.
Thanks for being so attentive.
Thanks for being so frank.
Thanks for being so kind.
Thanks for being so nice to Tom.
Thanks for being so nice to me.
Thanks for being so tolerant.
Thanks for being such a great friend.
Thanks for being the calm in my chaos.
Thanks for being there for me.
Thanks for being there through thick and thin.
Thanks for being you.
Thanks for believing in me when I doubted myself.
Thanks for believing in me.
Thanks for believing me.
Thanks for breakfast.
Thanks for bringing Tom home.
Thanks for bringing it up.
Thanks for bringing me here.
Thanks for bringing me home.
Thanks for bringing me home. Good night.
Thanks for bringing me up to date on this matter.
Thanks for bringing the washing in, Gerry.
Thanks for bringing the washing in.
Thanks for bringing this to my attention.
Thanks for bringing this to us.
Thanks for buying these for me.
Thanks for calling Jackson's; can you hold?
Thanks for calling Tom.
Thanks for calling back.
Thanks for calling everyone.
Thanks for calling me back.
Thanks for calling me.
Thanks for calling, Tom.
Thanks for calling.
Thanks for calling. I was just about to call you.
Thanks for caring.
Thanks for catching the error.
Thanks for checking.
Thanks for cheering me up.
Thanks for clarifying that for me.
Thanks for clarifying that.
Thanks for clearing that up.
Thanks for coming all this way.
Thanks for coming at such short notice.
Thanks for coming back.
Thanks for coming by.
Thanks for coming early!
Thanks for coming from so far away!
Thanks for coming on such short notice.
Thanks for coming over at such short notice.
Thanks for coming over tonight.
Thanks for coming over.
Thanks for coming round.
Thanks for coming so quickly.
Thanks for coming specially to say goodbye to me.
Thanks for coming specially to see me off.
Thanks for coming this evening.
Thanks for coming to get me.
Thanks for coming to my party.
Thanks for coming to our rescue.
Thanks for coming today.
Thanks for coming with me.
Thanks for coming!
Thanks for coming, Tom.
Thanks for coming, guys! I'll see you next class!
Thanks for coming, guys! I'll see you next week!
Thanks for coming, guys! I'll see you tomorrow!
Thanks for coming, guys! See you around!
Thanks for coming.
Thanks for coming. It means a lot to me.
Thanks for cooking for me.
Thanks for correcting my mistakes.
Thanks for correcting my sentence.
Thanks for defending my honor.
Thanks for dinner, Ziri.
Thanks for dinner.
Thanks for doing all this.
Thanks for doing my laundry for me.
Thanks for doing that for Tom.
Thanks for doing that for her.
Thanks for doing that for him.
Thanks for doing that for me.
Thanks for doing that for them.
Thanks for doing that for us.
Thanks for doing that.
Thanks for doing the dishes.
Thanks for doing the groundwork.
Thanks for doing the math for me.
Thanks for doing the spadework.
Thanks for doing this for us.
Thanks for doing this so fast.
Thanks for doing this, Tom.
Thanks for doing this.
Thanks for doing what needed to be done.
Thanks for doing your part.
Thanks for driving me here.
Thanks for driving me home.
Thanks for driving us home.
Thanks for dropping by.
Thanks for encouraging me.
Thanks for everything that you've done for us.
Thanks for everything you've done for us.
Thanks for everything you've done.
Thanks for everything!
Thanks for everything, Tom.
Thanks for everything, friends!
Thanks for everything.
Thanks for existing.
Thanks for explaining it to me.
Thanks for explaining it.
Thanks for explaining that.
Thanks for explaining this to me.
Thanks for explaining. Sometimes stuff doesn't go through to my brain.
Thanks for feeding the dog every day.
Thanks for fixing it.
Thanks for getting back to me.
Thanks for getting it back.
Thanks for giving me a lift.
Thanks for giving me a ride home.
Thanks for giving me this information.
Thanks for giving me this.
Thanks for giving this issue the attention it deserves.
Thanks for giving this issue the attention that it deserves.
Thanks for giving us a ride home.
Thanks for going above and beyond.
Thanks for having arrived so early.
Thanks for having been with us. Say hello to your mother for me.
Thanks for having explained to me at last why people take me for an idiot.
Thanks for having me here.
Thanks for having me.
Thanks for having us over.
Thanks for having us.
Thanks for hearing me out despite being so busy with work.
Thanks for helping Tom.
Thanks for helping her.
Thanks for helping him.
Thanks for helping me convince Tom.
Thanks for helping me do that.
Thanks for helping me do this.
Thanks for helping me fix my car.
Thanks for helping me get that job.
Thanks for helping me make up my mind.
Thanks for helping me out!
Thanks for helping me out.
Thanks for helping me when I was sad.
Thanks for helping me with my homework.
Thanks for helping me write my resume.
Thanks for helping me yesterday!
Thanks for helping me yesterday.
Thanks for helping me!
Thanks for helping me.
Thanks for helping out when I wasn't around.
Thanks for helping out.
Thanks for helping them.
Thanks for helping us do that.
Thanks for helping us out, doctor.
Thanks for helping us.
Thanks for helping with dinner.
Thanks for helping with the dishes.
Thanks for helping.
Thanks for hiring me.
Thanks for holding that.
Thanks for including me.
Thanks for informing me.
Thanks for inviting me to the movies.
Thanks for inviting me to the party.
Thanks for inviting me.
Thanks for inviting us to the party.
Thanks for inviting us.
Thanks for ironing my clothes for me.
Thanks for joining us today.
Thanks for joining us.
Thanks for keeping me in your heart.
Thanks for keeping me in your thoughts.
Thanks for keeping me informed.
Thanks for keeping me up to date.
Thanks for keeping me updated.
Thanks for keeping us informed.
Thanks for keeping us updated.
Thanks for last night.
Thanks for learning our language.
Thanks for lending me money.
Thanks for lending me the money I needed.
Thanks for lending me the money that I needed.
Thanks for lending me the money.
Thanks for lending me these books.
Thanks for letting me borrow your umbrella.
Thanks for letting me crash here.
Thanks for letting me drive.
Thanks for letting me know about this.
Thanks for letting me know about tomorrow.
Thanks for letting me know! I almost missed it.
Thanks for letting me know, Ryck.
Thanks for letting me know, Tom.
Thanks for letting me know.
Thanks for letting me sleep here last night.
Thanks for letting me speak.
Thanks for letting me stay at your place.
Thanks for letting me stay here.
Thanks for letting me stay with you.
Thanks for letting me stay.
Thanks for letting me use your apartment.
Thanks for letting me use your house.
Thanks for letting me use your pen.
Thanks for letting me use your phone.
Thanks for letting me win.
Thanks for letting us be here.
Thanks for letting us hang out here.
Thanks for letting us know.
Thanks for letting us stay here.
Thanks for letting us stay.
Thanks for lifting me up when I’m down.
Thanks for listening to me wittering on.
Thanks for listening to me!
Thanks for listening to me.
Thanks for listening to my pointless story until the end.
Thanks for listening.
Thanks for looking after my apartment.
Thanks for looking after my backyard.
Thanks for looking after my cat.
Thanks for looking after my dog.
Thanks for looking after my fish.
Thanks for looking after my flat.
Thanks for looking after my house.
Thanks for looking after my pets.
Thanks for loving a fool like me.
Thanks for lunch.
Thanks for making Tom smile.
Thanks for making dinner.
Thanks for making it happen.
Thanks for making me feel better.
Thanks for making me feel so welcome.
Thanks for making me feel welcome.
Thanks for making me laugh.
Thanks for making me remember.
Thanks for making my point for me.
Thanks for meeting me here.
Thanks for meeting me.
Thanks for meeting us here.
Thanks for mentioning that.
Thanks for mopping up!
Thanks for mopping up.
Thanks for never giving up on me, Mary.
Thanks for not giving up on me.
Thanks for not giving up.
Thanks for not making any trouble.
Thanks for not saying "I told you so."
Thanks for not telling Tom what happened.
Thanks for not telling me.
Thanks for nothing!
Thanks for nothing, Tom.
Thanks for nothing.
Thanks for noticing that.
Thanks for noticing.
Thanks for notifying me.
Thanks for opening the door.
Thanks for ordering the pizza, Tom! We left you a slice.
Thanks for paying for the meal.
Thanks for phoning.
Thanks for photocopying it for me.
Thanks for picking me up.
Thanks for picking up the check.
Thanks for pitching in.
Thanks for playing along with us!
Thanks for playing!
Thanks for pointing out my mistake.
Thanks for pointing out the difference.
Thanks for pointing out the differences.
Thanks for pointing out the error.
Thanks for pointing out the mistake.
Thanks for pointing out the obvious.
Thanks for pointing that out to me.
Thanks for pointing that out.
Thanks for pointing this out.
Thanks for popping round.
Thanks for posting this.
Thanks for putting up with me.
Thanks for putting up with my questions.
Thanks for rating this article.
Thanks for reading my message.
Thanks for reblogging.
Thanks for reminding me about the meeting.
Thanks for reminding me to do that.
Thanks for reminding me to take my medicine.
Thanks for reminding me!
Thanks for reminding me.
Thanks for reminding us to do that.
Thanks for reminding us.
Thanks for reporting the issue.
Thanks for rescuing me from that creep.
Thanks for rescuing me.
Thanks for responding as early as possible.
Thanks for responding to my comment.
Thanks for returning my call.
Thanks for ringing.
Thanks for saving me.
Thanks for saving my hide.
Thanks for saving my life.
Thanks for saying so.
Thanks for seeing me off.
Thanks for seeing me on such short notice.
Thanks for seeing me.
Thanks for sharing that.
Thanks for sharing this super important information.
Thanks for sharing this video.
Thanks for sharing this with me.
Thanks for sharing this.
Thanks for sharing your food with us.
Thanks for sharing your story with me.
Thanks for sharing your story.
Thanks for sharing your thoughts.
Thanks for sharing.
Thanks for showing me around last week.
Thanks for showing me around.
Thanks for showing me how to do that.
Thanks for showing me how to do this.
Thanks for showing me the way.
Thanks for singing the song I requested.
Thanks for speaking up for me.
Thanks for spending so much time helping us.
Thanks for spending some quality time with the web site today.
Thanks for spotting the typo.
Thanks for standing up for me at the meeting.
Thanks for standing up for me.
Thanks for staying late.
Thanks for staying so late.
Thanks for staying with Tom.
Thanks for staying with her.
Thanks for staying with him.
Thanks for staying with me.
Thanks for staying with them.
Thanks for staying with us.
Thanks for sticking around till the end of the concert.
Thanks for sticking around until my father got home.
Thanks for sticking around.
Thanks for stopping by.
Thanks for supporting me.
Thanks for taking Tom fishing.
Thanks for taking care of Tom.
Thanks for taking care of all of this.
Thanks for taking care of my children.
Thanks for taking care of my dog.
Thanks for taking care of my sister.
Thanks for taking care of that.
Thanks for taking care of the kids.
Thanks for taking care of us.
Thanks for taking her fishing.
Thanks for taking him fishing.
Thanks for taking me fishing.
Thanks for taking part in this survey!
Thanks for taking the time to answer all my questions.
Thanks for taking the time to answer all of my questions.
Thanks for taking the time to answer my questions.
Thanks for taking the time to explain that to me.
Thanks for taking the time to help.
Thanks for taking the time to talk to us.
Thanks for taking them fishing.
Thanks for taking us fishing.
Thanks for talking to me.
Thanks for teaching me French.
Thanks for teaching me how to do this.
Thanks for teaching me how to parallel park.
Thanks for teaching me to parallel park.
Thanks for telling me about that.
Thanks for telling me right away.
Thanks for telling me that.
Thanks for telling me the truth.
Thanks for telling me what happened.
Thanks for telling me what needed to be done.
Thanks for telling me, Jim.
Thanks for telling me.
Thanks for telling us that.
Thanks for telling us the truth.
Thanks for that useful tip!
Thanks for that.
Thanks for the Kabyle dress.
Thanks for the added information.
Thanks for the advice, Tom.
Thanks for the advice.
Thanks for the advice. I'll give it a try.
Thanks for the answer.
Thanks for the answers!
Thanks for the awesome dinner.
Thanks for the beautiful music!
Thanks for the beer.
Thanks for the book.
Thanks for the book. I dipped into it straight away.
Thanks for the brandy.
Thanks for the breakfast and the present.
Thanks for the cake.
Thanks for the call.
Thanks for the chocolate! I hope you enjoyed the pancakes, and I hope you had a great day as well.
Thanks for the chocolate. It was delicious.
Thanks for the clarification.
Thanks for the coffee, sweetheart.
Thanks for the coffee.
Thanks for the comment.
Thanks for the company.
Thanks for the compliment!
Thanks for the compliment.
Thanks for the cookie.
Thanks for the cookies.
Thanks for the cookies. They were delicious.
Thanks for the correction!
Thanks for the correction.
Thanks for the cup of coffee.
Thanks for the delicious meal.
Thanks for the detailed explanation.
Thanks for the detailed explanation. I understand now.
Thanks for the dinner.
Thanks for the drink.
Thanks for the effort.
Thanks for the email yesterday. Sorry I didn't reply.
Thanks for the encouragement.
Thanks for the explanation.
Thanks for the fast response.
Thanks for the feedback.
Thanks for the flowers.
Thanks for the food.
Thanks for the fruit.
Thanks for the gift.
Thanks for the good advice!
Thanks for the good advice.
Thanks for the good conversation.
Thanks for the hard work.
Thanks for the heads up.
Thanks for the heads-up.
Thanks for the help!
Thanks for the help, guys.
Thanks for the help.
Thanks for the hint.
Thanks for the hospitality.
Thanks for the hot dog.
Thanks for the ideas.
Thanks for the info.
Thanks for the information you provided for me. That was so helpful.
Thanks for the information.
Thanks for the insight.
Thanks for the inspiration.
Thanks for the interesting conversation.
Thanks for the invitation, Tom.
Thanks for the invitation, but I can't go.
Thanks for the invitation.
Thanks for the invite, Tom.
Thanks for the invite.
Thanks for the kiss.
Thanks for the laugh!
Thanks for the laugh.
Thanks for the lead.
Thanks for the lesson!
Thanks for the letter and the wonderful photos of your hometown.
Thanks for the letter.
Thanks for the lift.
Thanks for the link you sent me.
Thanks for the link!
Thanks for the lovely Christmas card. It came today.
Thanks for the lovely present!
Thanks for the meal.
Thanks for the memories.
Thanks for the milk.
Thanks for the movie.
Thanks for the night.
Thanks for the note, Tom.
Thanks for the offer, but I'll pass.
Thanks for the offer, though.
Thanks for the offer.
Thanks for the opportunity.
Thanks for the other day.
Thanks for the party.
Thanks for the photo.
Thanks for the pizza.
Thanks for the prep work!
Thanks for the pretty postcard.
Thanks for the quick admission!
Thanks for the recommendation!
Thanks for the recommendation.
Thanks for the reminder.
Thanks for the research.
Thanks for the ride, Tom.
Thanks for the ride.
Thanks for the safety tip.
Thanks for the sandwich.
Thanks for the show.
Thanks for the soup.
Thanks for the suggestion.
Thanks for the suggestions.
Thanks for the support.
Thanks for the tea.
Thanks for the thought.
Thanks for the tickets!
Thanks for the tickets.
Thanks for the time you dedicated to me.
Thanks for the tip, Tom.
Thanks for the tip.
Thanks for the tip. I'll give it a try.
Thanks for the tip. I’ll give it a try.
Thanks for the tips.
Thanks for the translation. But please choose another flag!
Thanks for the trust!
Thanks for the update.
Thanks for the updates.
Thanks for the useful comment.
Thanks for the useful tip.
Thanks for the useful tips.
Thanks for the valuable input.
Thanks for the visit.
Thanks for the warm welcome!
Thanks for the warning.
Thanks for the welcome.
Thanks for the wonderful meal.
Thanks for thinking about it.
Thanks for thinking of me.
Thanks for this grammar lesson.
Thanks for this useful information.
Thanks for this wonderful book.
Thanks for this, I appreciate it very much.
Thanks for this, Tom.
Thanks for this.
Thanks for this. I appreciate it.
Thanks for those answers.
Thanks for those responses.
Thanks for those warm words.
Thanks for today. I had fun.
Thanks for translating my sentences!
Thanks for translating my sentences.
Thanks for translating my sentences. I appreciate it.
Thanks for translating. Drop a comment below.
Thanks for trusting me!
Thanks for trusting me.
Thanks for trying to cheer me up.
Thanks for trying to help.
Thanks for trying.
Thanks for understanding the drama of my homeland, which is, like Pablo Neruda would say, a silent Vietnam; there are no occupying troops, nor powerful planes clouding the clean skies of my land, but we're under financial blockade, we have no credit, we can't buy spare parts, we have no means to buy food and we need medicine...
Thanks for understanding, Tom.
Thanks for understanding.
Thanks for using our site!
Thanks for volunteering to help.
Thanks for volunteering.
Thanks for voting for me.
Thanks for waiting for me.
Thanks for waiting so long.
Thanks for waiting.
Thanks for waking me up.
Thanks for walking me home.
Thanks for warning me.
Thanks for washing my clothes.
Thanks for washing the dishes.
Thanks for wasting my time.
Thanks for watching Tom today.
Thanks for watching Tom.
Thanks for watching.
Thanks for what you did yesterday.
Thanks for what you're doing.
Thanks for worrying.
Thanks for writing so often.
Thanks for yesterday.
Thanks for your advice, Arnau.
Thanks for your advice, Tom.
Thanks for your advice.
Thanks for your answer.
Thanks for your answers!
Thanks for your attention.
Thanks for your business.
Thanks for your comment.
Thanks for your comments.
Thanks for your concern.
Thanks for your consideration.
Thanks for your contribution.
Thanks for your cooperation.
Thanks for your dedication in keeping the kitchen tidy.
Thanks for your dedication.
Thanks for your donation.
Thanks for your effort.
Thanks for your email!
Thanks for your encouragement.
Thanks for your explanation.
Thanks for your explanation. It helps to understand the sentence correctly.
Thanks for your feedback. Now if you excuse me, I'm... going to cry now.
Thanks for your generosity.
Thanks for your gift.
Thanks for your guidance.
Thanks for your hard work.
Thanks for your help guys!
Thanks for your help on this one.
Thanks for your help, Skura.
Thanks for your help, Tom.
Thanks for your help.
Thanks for your honesty.
Thanks for your hospitality.
Thanks for your information, it is much appreciated!
Thanks for your input.
Thanks for your interest in me.
Thanks for your interest.
Thanks for your invitation to the party.
Thanks for your invitation.
Thanks for your kind words.
Thanks for your love.
Thanks for your message.
Thanks for your offer of help.
Thanks for your opinion.
Thanks for your patience.
Thanks for your post.
Thanks for your promise!
Thanks for your question.
Thanks for your quick answer!
Thanks for your quick answer.
Thanks for your quick reply.
Thanks for your reply.
Thanks for your report.
Thanks for your response.
Thanks for your service.
Thanks for your straightforward answers.
Thanks for your suggestion. I'll think about it.
Thanks for your support!
Thanks for your support.
Thanks for your thought-provoking speech.
Thanks for your thoughtful comment.
Thanks for your time.
Thanks for your trouble.
Thanks for your trust!
Thanks for your understanding.
Thanks for your unwavering faith in me.
Thanks for your unwavering support and encouragement.
Thanks for your valuable advice.
Thanks for your very interesting contribution!
Thanks for your warm welcome!
Thanks for your well-wishes.
Thanks for your words of encouragement.
Thanks for your work.
Thanks in advance for the help!
Thanks in advance for your cooperation.
Thanks in advance for your help.
Thanks in advance for your suggestions.
Thanks in advance for your support.
Thanks in advance!
Thanks in advance.
Thanks indeed, handy this!
Thanks once again for all your help.
Thanks once again for everything you've done for me.
Thanks once again for everything you've done for us.
Thanks once again.
Thanks so much for all your help.
Thanks so much for coming here to help me with my speech, Tom.
Thanks so much for coming!
Thanks so much for coming.
Thanks so much for dinner.
Thanks so much for everything you've done.
Thanks so much for such a detailed explanation.
Thanks so much for the help.
Thanks so much for the support.
Thanks so much for your good thoughts.
Thanks so much for your help.
Thanks so much.
Thanks to Cannabaceae, we have both weed and beer.
Thanks to Carlitos's help, we could get out of that mess.
Thanks to Donald, Jessica nailed all the final tests.
Thanks to Esperanto, one can easily have many good friends.
Thanks to Facebook, stalking is no longer the bastion of a few devoted enthusiasts, but a highly automated task convenient enough even for the busy housewife.
Thanks to Haruna's "weather mode" Kaori's fervour was greatly dampened.
Thanks to Haruna’s "weather mode" Kaori’s fervour was greatly dampened.
Thanks to Mobilis for sponsoring this program.
Thanks to Mozilla for financing Tatoeba.
Thanks to Mr Nagata.
Thanks to Robert's tutoring, Sandra looks like a dutiful student now.
Thanks to Taro's help, I think I was able to make a bit of good impression on her.
Thanks to Tatoeba, my attention span is limited to one sentence.
Thanks to Tom we were able to get the job done early.
Thanks to a bureaucratic blunder, we don't have access to the building anymore.
Thanks to a cold summer, beer has sold poorly.
Thanks to a collection of innovative technologies and techniques, day after day new wonders of the biological world are revealed.
Thanks to a fundamental restructuring, our surplus has swelled three-fold.
Thanks to a massive injection of post-riot funds, small, cheerfully painted apartment buildings have all but eclipsed peeling grim high-rises.
Thanks to airplanes, one can go to any place in the world in two or three days.
Thanks to all of you for coming.
Thanks to all of you.
Thanks to all the translators!
Thanks to an outstanding quality approach, the company has built up a brand image that ensures its position in international markets.
Thanks to biofuel cells, one will soon be able to power one's mobile phone, MP3 player or Laptop without power plug but just sugar and water.
Thanks to both of you.
Thanks to concerted action on the part of the government and non-governmental organizations, the language now has a stable number of speakers.
Thanks to covid-19, we'll eventually learn the Greek alphabet. The letter of the month is omicron.
Thanks to digital photography it seems that no one has their film developed anymore.
Thanks to each and every one of you for your friendship and support.
Thanks to electric goods, housewives have plenty of free time.
Thanks to environmental laws, white sharks are returning to the coastal waters of New England, but that area also attracts hordes of people who swim and windsurf.
Thanks to everybody who helped.
Thanks to everybody's help, we were able to accomplish much more than we expected.
Thanks to everyone who helped.
Thanks to everyone who translates my sentences.
Thanks to everyone who's been by my side.
Thanks to everyone who's helped me these past few days.
Thanks to everyone who's here!
Thanks to everyone's help, Tom was able to complete his project on time.
Thanks to football, the whole world knows the flags of Germany, Brazil, Italy, or Argentina.
Thanks to genetic engineering, there are now penguins that swim in lava.
Thanks to her flattery, she has won our hearts.
Thanks to her tireless efforts, we reached our goal.
Thanks to her.
Thanks to him giving me a hand, I was able to finish the work.
Thanks to him, I could get a job.
Thanks to him, I was able to find a job.
Thanks to him, we're here.
Thanks to him.
Thanks to his advice I saved up a large sum of money.
Thanks to his advice, I have saved a lot of money.
Thanks to his advice, I succeeded in the examination.
Thanks to his advice, I succeeded.
Thanks to his advice, we could finish it earlier than we had expected.
Thanks to his bold decision, he was able to ride out the crisis.
Thanks to his efforts, all the crew were saved.
Thanks to his efforts, he attained his object.
Thanks to his efforts, it was more successful than we had expected.
Thanks to his experience, he had an edge over the rest.
Thanks to his great help, we were able to solve the problem in 30 minutes.
Thanks to his help, I finished my homework.
Thanks to his help, my work is going well now.
Thanks to his initiative this association has been formed.
Thanks to his job he has traveled all around the world.
Thanks to his recommendation, I was able to get a teaching job at a college in Tokyo.
Thanks to its countless highways, Algeria is now a large interconnected village.
Thanks to life.
Thanks to modern medical methods, today someone can be operated on with minimally invasive processes.
Thanks to modern technology, loading music on your device is nearly as simple as plugging it into your computer.
Thanks to my classmates, who helped me during hard times!
Thanks to my mother's help, I was able to buy a mountain bike.
Thanks to my mother’s help, I was able to buy a mountain bike.
Thanks to my new neural implants, I feel more than ever.
Thanks to my short legs, I have to shorten all of the pants that I buy.
Thanks to my ten years of experience as an amateur, I now wish to become a paragliding instructor.
Thanks to our secret language, Berber, we can have private conversations at the office.
Thanks to plastic lenses, modern glasses are much lighter than older ones.
Thanks to pulling too much on the cord, she's going to let go.
Thanks to revolutionary advancements in technology, your favorite search engine now has the ability to make things up.
Thanks to scientific advances, many treatments unimaginable before are now possible.
Thanks to special treatments and assistance from hospital workers, Fiona stayed healthy.
Thanks to strong paws and long claws, wolverines can easily climb trees.
Thanks to technological innovations, maximum outputs of the factory have doubled.
Thanks to television, boys and girls are apt to neglect reading books.
Thanks to television, we can enjoy watching baseball games in our rooms.
Thanks to that book, I learnt a lot of interesting things about this insect.
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act’s 80/20 rule, if insurance companies don’t spend at least 80 percent of your premium dollar on medical care and quality improvements rather than advertising, overhead and bonuses for executives, they will have to provide you a rebate.
Thanks to the Internet, the world is beginning to turn away from the centralization of resources and power that characterized the Industrial Revolution.
Thanks to the Internet, we can work from home with our laptops.
Thanks to the Internet, you can learn virtually anything.
Thanks to the amusement park built last year, the city has become popular.
Thanks to the anonymity it gives, the Internet was proving useful in letting me vent me a bit.
Thanks to the arrangements made by Ken'ichi, the women found various places to work around town.
Thanks to the arrangements made by Ken’ichi, the women found various places to work around town.
Thanks to the bad weather, the game was canceled.
Thanks to the development of agricultural science, world food production has managed to keep up with population growth - but only at the expense of the future.
Thanks to the development of aircraft, the world has become much smaller.
Thanks to the discipline they are receiving, we are starting to see a change in those young people.
Thanks to the favorable wind, we soon reached the island.
Thanks to the good weather, the outdoor concert was a success.
Thanks to the heavy rain, vegetable prices rose sharply.
Thanks to the history game, I learned a lot about American history.
Thanks to the internet, we're living in the era of procrastination.
Thanks to the license plate number, the police identified the car involved in the accident as Tom's.
Thanks to the marvels of modern veterinary medicine, our pets are living much longer lives.
Thanks to the medicine, I feel better now.
Thanks to the mission’s enormous field of view and fast survey speeds, astronomers will be able to observe planets by the thousands, galaxies by the millions, and stars by the billions.
Thanks to the nice person who showed me this thread.
Thanks to the nice weather, we were able to harvest all of the crops in a day.
Thanks to the opportunity, we were able to avoid substantial effort.
Thanks to the pandemic, we now know that "unskilled" workers are essential.
Thanks to the taxi driver, we had a very wonderful time in London.
Thanks to the technological innovation, the maximum output of the factory has doubled.
Thanks to their branches, twigs, and leaves, the trees form as a roof.
Thanks to them, I got well at last.
Thanks to them, I will have no problem.
Thanks to these competitions, the ancestral sport of javelin was developed and the soldiers were kept ready for war at all times.
Thanks to these discoveries, man's life span has become twice as long as before.
Thanks to these discoveries, man’s life span has become twice as long as before.
Thanks to this book, I learned some interesting facts about this insect.
Thanks to this book, I've come to know a lot of interesting things about that insect.
Thanks to this book, I've learnt a lot of interesting things about that insect.
Thanks to those gifts, Elias was able to buy a car.
Thanks to translation tools, I often visit websites in other countries.
Thanks to which I was up nearly all night.
Thanks to you I've learnt a lot.
Thanks to you I've lost my appetite.
Thanks to you I’ve lost my appetite.
Thanks to you getting him badly injured, all of that kid's summer plans came to nothing!
Thanks to you getting him badly injured, all of that kid’s summer plans came to nothing!
Thanks to you we got this far!
Thanks to you, I am going to understand everything.
Thanks to you, I arrived on time.
Thanks to you, I have problems with my blood pressure.
Thanks to you, I spent all my money.
Thanks to you, I've learned a lot.
Thanks to you, Igider, without forgetting the lovely one with whom you share your life.
Thanks to you, Tom.
Thanks to you, the backlog of tedious work has been completed.
Thanks to you, the job went well.
Thanks to you.
Thanks to your advice, I got over the hardship.
Thanks to your help I was able to do that.
Thanks to your help, I could succeed.
Thanks to your help, I could understand the book quite well.
Thanks to your help, I found work.
Thanks to your help, I have succeeded.
Thanks to your help, I passed the exam.
Thanks to your help, I succeeded.
Thanks to your help, I was able to finish early.
Thanks to your help, I was successful.
Thanks to your help, Tom and I were able to finish early.
Thanks to your help, Tom and I were able to get that done faster than we'd planned.
Thanks to your help, we were successful.
Thanks to your initiatives we've been recognized as a progressive and forward-thinking enterprise by the press.
Thanks to your recommendation, Tom got that job.
Thanks to your stupidity, we lost the game.
Thanks to your thorough directions, it wasn't hard for me to find the house.
Thanks very much for doing this.
Thanks very much for having me to dinner the other night.
Thanks very much for joining us.
Thanks very much for looking over my sentences.
Thanks very much for staying with me.
Thanks very much for waiting.
Thanks very much for your help.
Thanks very much in advance.
Thanks very much, indeed.
Thanks very much.
Thanks!
Thanks! I'll remember that.
Thanks! I'll see you soon!
Thanks! I've been practicing.
Thanks! Same to you!
Thanks, Felipe. We wouldn't have finished the job without you.
Thanks, God.
Thanks, Hungary!
Thanks, I can't eat any more.
Thanks, I don't want anything more to eat at the moment.
Thanks, I downloaded all six files.
Thanks, I feel so much safer now.
Thanks, I hate it.
Thanks, I hear you've been taking care of my little brat of a brother.
Thanks, I hear you’ve been taking care of my little brat of a brother.
Thanks, I laughed.
Thanks, I owe you one.
Thanks, I understand now.
Thanks, I understood everything.
Thanks, I'd like that.
Thanks, I'll delete it then.
Thanks, I'll update the information.
Thanks, I'm fine.
Thanks, I'm full.
Thanks, I'm just having a look round.
Thanks, I'm just looking.
Thanks, Jim.
Thanks, Mary. It's good that we've been able to talk so openly.
Thanks, Mike. I don't like chicken.
Thanks, Mike. I don’t like chicken.
Thanks, Mom.
Thanks, Sherlock.
Thanks, Tom.
Thanks, Tom. I had a fun time tonight.
Thanks, Tom. I had a lovely time.
Thanks, Tom. I had a wonderful evening.
Thanks, Tom. I had fun today.
Thanks, Tom. I had fun tonight.
Thanks, Tom. I had fun with you today.
Thanks, Tom. I'll take it from here.
Thanks, Tom. I'll take it from there.
Thanks, Tom. That got me right in the heart.
Thanks, Tom. That was so fun.
Thanks, Tom. We couldn't have finished the job without you.
Thanks, Tom. You're a real friend.
Thanks, Tom. You're actually the only one who tells me that.
Thanks, Tom. You're the sweetest person in the world.
Thanks, Tom. You've been a big help!
Thanks, Yukina.
Thanks, and keep up the good work.
Thanks, anyway!
Thanks, as always.
Thanks, bro.
Thanks, brothers.
Thanks, bud!
Thanks, buddy!
Thanks, but I can't accept it.
Thanks, but I can't accept this.
Thanks, but I can't accept your gift.
Thanks, but I don't drink any more.
Thanks, but I don't eat jam.
Thanks, but I know that already.
Thanks, but I prefer coffee.
Thanks, but I shouldn't be drinking. I'm the designated driver.
Thanks, but I'd rather not.
Thanks, but I'll pass.
Thanks, but I'm aware of everything you suggested.
Thanks, but I'm fine with her.
Thanks, but I'm not interested.
Thanks, but no thanks!
Thanks, but no thanks.
Thanks, but no.
Thanks, everybody!
Thanks, everyone.
Thanks, everyone. That looks much better.
Thanks, everything is fine there.
Thanks, great!
Thanks, guys!
Thanks, guys.
Thanks, homie!
Thanks, hon.
Thanks, honey.
Thanks, it was fun!
Thanks, man.
Thanks, man. Have a good night.
Thanks, mate!
Thanks, mate.
Thanks, no.
Thanks, now I get it.
Thanks, please come again.
Thanks, same to you.
Thanks, siblings.
Thanks, sisters.
Thanks, sorry for being late.
Thanks, that actually worked!
Thanks, that is all.
Thanks, that's all.
Thanks, that's everything.
Thanks, that’s all.
Thanks, that’s everything.
Thanks, the same to you!
Thanks, this is enough.
Thanks, though. I appreciate it.
Thanks, you do understand me!
Thanks, you're an angel.
Thanks, you're fantastic!
Thanks.
Thanks. Could I return it to you instead?
Thanks. I appreciate it.
Thanks. I came up with it myself.
Thanks. I did it myself.
Thanks. I made it myself.
Thanks. I'll see what others have to say.
Thanks. I'm just looking.
Thanks. I've deleted it.
Thanks. If there's anything else, just ask.
Thanks. Maybe we'll come back.
Thanks. Maybe we’ll come back.
Thanks. See you next time.
Thanks. This is going to help me a lot.
Thanks. This really means a lot to me.
Thanks. When you get off work, we'll go to my place for another.
Thanks. When you get off work, we’ll go to my place for another.
Thanks. You didn't have to.
Thanks. You have no idea how much this means to me.
Thanks. You too!
Thanks. You've been a big help.
Thanks. You've been a great help.
Thanks?
Thanksgiving in the U.S. is right around the corner.
Thanksgiving is a precious family time.
Thanksgiving is a time when many Americans count their blessings.
Thanksgiving smashes bubbles together, bringing in people from far and wide with different and sometimes unknown exposures to the virus.
Thao is like Joey in "Shane".
Thao will really become a man.
That 'Ayumi' kid, only 13 but has performed in movies and theatres as a child actor since she was five.
That 1970 legislation gave the U.S. government the authority to sanction air polluters and set emission standards. But from the beginning, political and corporate resistance has made it difficult to implement.
That ATM at the supermarket, does it work?
That ATM is out of order.
That Algerian manager ran things properly.
That American movie was a great success.
That American professor knows a good deal about Kyoto.
That CD costs 10 dollars.
That CD is my son's.
That CD is my son’s.
That CD player doesn't work.
That CD you're holding is called "I'm a Punk."
That English book is too difficult for me to read.
That February morning, following years spent alone in the forest, Tom returned to civilisation for the first time.
That French company has opened a new branch in my city.
That French course lasts one semester.
That French word has no equivalent in English.
That George will come is certain.
That Georgian forward is a nightmare for the opponent's defence.
That Georgian forward is a nightmare for the opponent's defense.
That Georgian forward is a nightmare for the opposing defence.
That Georgian forward is a nightmare for the opposing defense.
That Hawaiian restaurant is a favorite with locals in Boston, but it's also frequented by Finns and Japanese.
That Hungarian actor owns several cinemas.
That I ask myself too.
That I can not imagine.
That I can't tell you.
That I cannot imagine.
That I did, even with him there.
That I do know.
That I know for certain.
That I may stay a pious servant of Thine for aye and drive the plagues that try us and tyranny away.
That I must look into.
That I never learned.
That I sincerely regret.
That I was doing, even with him there.
That I would experience, that the German people, like the Japanese would wear masks in public, is something I never expected to happen in my lifetime.
That Italian author is little known in Japan.
That Japanese orange candy used to be my favorite!
That Japanese word has no equivalent in English.
That Jordan replaced the main engine in this experiment is self-evident.
That Joseph and companion will run.
That Joseph will run.
That Kabuki actor is very popular with young people.
That Kabuki actor is very well known amongst young people.
That Kabyle dress is Taninna's.
That Kabyle dress kept catching my eye.
That Kabyle dress looks beautiful.
That Kabyle dress makes you look less fat.
That Kabyle dress makes you look thinner.
That Kabyle dress still fit her.
That Kiwami guy sure is weird, huh? He makes knives out of everything.
That Linus once reproached Hercules for not being studious; then, in a rage, the boy suddenly took up the lyre and struck with all his might the head of the unfortunate teacher, who, prostrated by the blow, soon after died. And no one after that wanted to take charge of such an office.
That Maria lied is something Tom knows.
That Marionette is a disobedient son who is breaking his father's heart!
That Minister of Parliament was accused of buying his wife's dresses with public funds.
That Newton was a great genius cannot be denied.
That October, Tom underwent back surgery.
That Pad Thai was no joke. I asked for it to be "medium" spicy but after just a few bites, I feel like my entire mouth went numb!
That Portuguese sentence admits innumerable possibilities for translation. Many of these versions are found on Tatoeba.
That Prof.'s talk is driving me up the wall.
That Prof.’s talk is driving me up the wall.
That Ramadan was tough.
That Richa can read minds is implausible, to say the least.
That Rowling is transphobic is not a matter of serious debate in 2023.
That Saturday was flowing as slowly as ever.
That Schubert sonata sounds really familiar to me.
That Shawi dress looks amazing on you.
That Space, as our mathematicians have it, is spoken of as having three dimensions, which one may call Length, Breadth, and Thickness, and is always definable by reference to three planes, each at right angles to the others.
That Spanish boy can sing a Mozart aria.
That Spanish man speaks Korean fluently.
That Spanish movie is good.
That Sunday was not a sunny day.
That TV is huge.
That TV is too loud.
That TV show is not half as good as this TV show.
That TV show makes people stupid.
That TV station broadcasts only movies.
That TV station is on the air 24 hours a day.
That TV station only broadcasts movies.
That Thursday was the beginning of the end of life as I had known it.
That Tom guy gets on my nerves.
That Tom is a bad influence.
That Tom is such a plonker!
That Tom will come is certain.
That a boy!
That a girl, Marie!
That a single person can cause so much misery!
That a single person can wreak so much havoc!
That about covers it.
That about wraps it up.
That absolves me from further responsibility.
That absurd man never changes.
That accent is fake.
That accent is so adorable.
That accident brought home to me the power of nature.
That accident caused many deaths.
That accident cost me my job.
That accident happened in front of his eyes.
That accident happened near his house.
That accident is a good example of his carelessness.
That accident is a good illustration of his carelessness.
That accident is a very good example of what happens when you're not careful.
That accident set us back a few years.
That accident was all over the newspapers.
That accident was due to his carelessness.
That accounts for all of Tom's team.
That accounts for her delay.
That accounts for the accident.
That accounts for why the door was open.
That accounts of her delay.
That action convinced the prison warden that Tom was a threat to the rest of the prisoners.
That actor is both attractive and good at acting.
That actor is both handsome and skillful.
That actor looks exactly like Tom Cruise. They could easily pass as brothers.
That actor's quite a ham.
That actress is as beautiful as ever.
That actress is often laughed at for her very long chin.
That actress is the shining star in the company.
That actress is the shining star of the company.
That actress made three entrances onto the stage.
That actually happened three times.
That actually happened.
That actually makes a lot of sense.
That actually seems to be the problem.
That actually sounds intriguing.
That actually sounds like a lot of fun.
That actually sounds quite interesting.
That actually surprised me.
That actually was my next question.
That ad is incredibly offensive.
That added to his unhappiness.
That adds a new dimension to our problem.
That advertising jingle has since become iconic.
That advice paid off.
That affair doesn't concern me.
That affair made him famous.
That affected us a lot.
That afternoon, after having a snack, the boys got together in Mary's shack.
That aging film star has had three facelifts.
That agreement was signed under false pretenses.
That aim is impossible to attain.
That ain't going to happen.
That ain't hay.
That ain't my style.
That aircraft company deals in freight only.
That airplane is huge!
That airplane was not able to depart at the regular time.
That album belongs to him.
That album reminds me of my happy school days.
That album reminds me of the school happy days.
That alien fungus took control of Tom!
That all changed Sunday night, as the 23-year-old singer took home an armload of Grammy Awards, eight in all.
That all changed tonight.
That all happened at about the same time.
That all happened before lunch.
That all happened in just three days.
That all happened in the space of three seconds.
That all makes sense.
That all sounds reasonable.
That all you've got?
That almost didn't happen.
That almost happened to me, too.
That almost happened to us, too.
That almost made me laugh.
That almost never happens.
That almost sounded like Tom's voice.
That almost sounds like a plan.
That almost sounds like a threat.
That almost sounds too good to be true.
That alone is an achievement.
That alone is worth living for.
That alone isn't a drastic measure.
That alone made the trip worthwhile.
That alone was enough to scare the heck out of farmers and grocers everywhere.
That already happened to me, too.
That already makes you a winner.
That also requires a certain courage.
That also works as a translation, I would say.
That altered the aspect of the case.
That always happens here.
That always helps.
That always makes me laugh.
That amazes me.
That amethyst brooch was Marilla's most treasured possession.
That amount of crops isn't enough to support their economy.
That amount of crops isn’t enough to support their economy.
That amount of food will last them for a week.
That amount of money could buy a lot of food.
That amounts to the same thing.
That amplifier doesn't work.
That amuses me very much.
That analogy doesn't work.
That anchor alone must weigh a ton!
That ancient ruin was once a shrine.
That and a tooth-brush are, I think all that we need.
That angered me for the moment, and I felt my face flush red, but I held myself in.
That animal does not eat meat.
That animal doesn't eat meat.
That animal feeds on flesh.
That animal is a carnivore.
That animal is huge!
That animal is not carnivorous.
That animal is strong.
That animal isn't carnivorous.
That announcer is really bad!
That annoyed Tom somewhat.
That annoys me.
That answer is wrong.
That answer's incorrect.
That answer's wrong.
That any civilized human being in this nineteenth century should not be aware that the earth travelled round the sun appeared to be to me such an extraordinary fact that I could hardly realize it.
That appears to be communist propaganda.
That appears to be just about all of it.
That appears to be the plan.
That apple doesn't look too good.
That apple is big.
That apple is bruised.
That apple is mine.
That apple is still green. Best leave it a while before you eat it.
That apple is yellow.
That apple is yours.
That apple isn't red.
That apple isn't ripe yet.
That apple isn't yet ripe.
That apple was delicious.
That apple was really delicious.
That apple was really tasty.
That applies to Tom, too.
That applies to everything.
That applies to her too.
That applies to him too.
That approach is just too much, don't you think?
That approach seemed to pay off.
That approach was too obvious.
That approach would be far more credible and effective if the United States upholds a consistent position on human rights toward its own allies and partners.
That architect builds very modern houses.
That area is relatively rich in natural resources.
That area of the woods was tranquil.
That area's off-limits.
That argument was the final nail in Yanni's coffin.
That armored truck is carrying gold.
That arranged it.
That article is out of stock.
That article is rubbish.
That article is unfathomably based.
That article makes fun of vegetarians.
That article was written in English.
That artist created a lot of beautiful pictures.
That artist is in high demand.
That artist is very popular.
That artist's very popular.
That assumption is wrong.
That astonishes me.
That astounded him.
That athlete won three times in a row in this tournament.
That attack killed thirteen people.
That attitude is part of the company's culture.
That attitude of his is quite disgusting.
That attitude of yours isn't the right one.
That auditorium holds two thousand people.
That aunt of his often visited America.
That aurora was really magnificent.
That author translated those fairy tales into our language.
That author's earlier works aren't very well known.
That automatically disqualifies him from speaking on the subject.
That automobile was going very fast.
That avenue culminates in a great plaza.
That baby can walk.
That baby carriage is ours.
That baby does nothing but cry.
That baby has charming eyes.
That baby is Tom.
That baby is fat and healthy.
That baby is really not cute at all.
That baby knows how to walk.
That baby will have slept five hours by noon.
That bacteria growth helps clean the water of excess nutrients that wash into the water, such as nitrogen and phosphorus, blamed for a number of water-related troubles, including algae blooms and low oxygen levels.
That bad person has strange clothes.
That bad person was arrested.
That bag is mine.
That bag looks expensive.
That balcony was where Michael usually smoked at night.
That ball could have hit me.
That ball could've hit me.
That ball could've hit you.
That ball was kicked by Jamil.
That ball you saw the dung beetle pushing is dung.
That ball you saw the dung beetle pushing is poop.
That banana has gone bad.
That banana is rotten.
That band are excellent.
That band comes to our town tomorrow.
That band is excellent.
That band is great.
That band we saw last week rocked!
That band's excellent.
That bank has a cash machine.
That bank job required an inside man.
That bank over there would do the service.
That bank vault is impenetrable.
That bank was held up twice.
That bar is one of his favorite haunts.
That barrel is full of brandy.
That bastard didn't even apologize.
That bastard is your cousin.
That bastard tried to kill me.
That bastard, I want them dead!
That battalion over there? It's just cannon fodder.
That battalion? It's just cannon fodder.
That battery was dead.
That beautiful girl over there is Mary.
That beautiful girl with black hair over there is Tom's girlfriend.
That beautiful woman is of Vietnamese race.
That became a habit.
That bed is very comfortable.
That bedroom doesn't actually have a bed.
That beef is very tender. It just melts in your mouth.
That beer's good.
That behavior is connected to a fringe part of the group, and should not define the entire community.
That behavior is undesirable!
That behaviour is typical of him.
That being said, I must emphasize that I had nothing to do with that matter.
That being the case, I had little to say at that moment.
That being the case, he had little to say.
That being the case, instead of elaborating on these two reports, I should like to say a few words to corroborate the arguments behind them.
That bell rings at eight.
That belonged to Tom.
That belonged to her.
That belonged to him.
That belonged to me, not to Tom.
That belonged to me.
That belonged to them.
That belonged to us.
That belongs on the other side.
That belongs to Tom.
That belongs to me, not to Tom.
That belongs to me, not to my sister.
That belongs to me.
That belongs to my brother.
That belongs to us.
That better be good enough.
That better change quickly.
That better not be Tom.
That better not be her.
That better not be him.
That better not be them.
That bicycle belongs to our school.
That bicycle is mine.
That bicycle is too small for you.
That bicycle isn't Tom's.
That bicycle isn't his.
That bicycle isn't yours.
That bicycle isn’t his.
That bicycle over there is my brother's.
That big advertisement tower puts our city to shame.
That big book is mine.
That big boy is bullying the little children.
That big briefcase is mine.
That big busted blonde is as dumb as a rock.
That big mouth of yours is going to get you killed.
That big one is also mine.
That big pot is on the kitchen table.
That big tree is ten meters tall.
That big tree is thirty-three feet tall.
That bike of yours needs some serious work doing to it.
That bike really is quite old.
That bill for the ambulance last year? Yeah, well, they sent a collection agency after us.
That bill passed in October.
That bird doesn't fly.
That bird is big.
That bird is called a wagtail.
That bird is now in danger of dying out.
That bird is probably a sparrow.
That bird is still on the roof.
That bird is too big and too brown to be a crow. It must be a black kite.
That bird is very beautiful.
That black bag is yours?
That black bird is not a blackbird.
That black bird isn't a blackbird.
That black dog is looking at that white cat.
That black dog sees a white cat.
That black one is mine.
That black turban of yours is ridiculous, you old fart!
That blackberry was tart, but the others were sweet.
That blanket you gave me yesterday is too rough.
That blew my mind.
That blizzard came out of nowhere.
That bloke can't be trusted.
That bloke doesn't let up!
That bloke has no manners.
That bloke stole my wallet.
That bloke won't let up!
That bloke's a petrolhead. He knows all there is to know about cars.
That bloke's behaviour was very strange.
That bloke's got no manners.
That blonde girl with curly hair is from Sweden.
That blouse doesn't go with that skirt.
That blouse fits you well.
That blouse is made of cotton.
That blow on the head knocked him out cold.
That blows.
That blue car over there is mine.
That blue car over there is the one I rented.
That blue dress looks great on you.
That blue dress suits you very well.
That blue one is also mine.
That blue-white shining star is Sirius.
That boarding school and both boys and girls.
That boat has pretty sails.
That boat was full of refugees from Cuba.
That boat wrecked off the coast of Chile.
That boggles the mind.
That boils down to the same thing.
That bold remark will be remembered for a long time.
That book belongs to Tom.
That book can be downloaded for free.
That book consists of short stories.
That book contains useful ideas.
That book costs 3,000 yen.
That book had a lot of pages.
That book had a significant impact on me.
That book has a bunch of pages.
That book has a lot of pages.
That book has been read.
That book helps you to write effectively.
That book is Tom's.
That book is a detective novel.
That book is a new book.
That book is a real epic; it's over one thousand pages long.
That book is amusing.
That book is available in only one store.
That book is big.
That book is classified as "fiction."
That book is easy to read.
That book is easy.
That book is entertaining.
That book is familiar to all young children.
That book is full of factual errors.
That book is full of lies.
That book is full of mistakes.
That book is helping you to write effectively.
That book is helping you write effectively.
That book is highly misleading.
That book is in the public domain.
That book is mine.
That book is new.
That book is not available for purchase.
That book is of no interest to me.
That book is of no use.
That book is old.
That book is on my desk.
That book is one of his best.
That book is outdated.
That book is really old.
That book is small.
That book is sold out.
That book is theirs.
That book is thick, but it's not very expensive.
That book is thick, but it’s not very expensive.
That book is too out of date.
That book is very interesting, isn't it?
That book is very interesting.
That book is very old.
That book is worth a read.
That book is worth reading.
That book is written in English.
That book is written in French.
That book isn't interesting.
That book isn't mine.
That book isn't nonfiction; it's historical fiction.
That book isn't on the desk.
That book isn't yours, it's mine.
That book isn't yours. It's mine.
That book made him open to embrace Islam.
That book may be obtained at a moment's notice.
That book may be obtained at a moment’s notice.
That book on kabuki might be expensive.
That book ought to be around here someplace.
That book over there is mine.
That book restored my faith in humanity.
That book should be around here somewhere.
That book sold out.
That book still makes me cry.
That book talks of a king who lost his crown.
That book was a spoof of the movie.
That book was amusing.
That book was boring, so I stopped reading halfway through.
That book was hard to read.
That book was interesting.
That book was made into a movie three years ago.
That book was mine, but it's not any more.
That book was really boring.
That book was really good.
That book was really interesting.
That book was so boring that I couldn't finish it.
That book was so good I read it three times.
That book was so good that I read it three times.
That book was written by two people.
That book wasn't at all interesting.
That book wasn't interesting at all.
That book you lent me was really interesting.
That book's done a lot to popularize chemistry.
That book's funny.
That book's going to fall off the shelf.
That book's got a lot of pages.
That book's mine.
That book's over here.
That book's over there.
That book, which I read last week, is great.
That book, which she had read dozens of times, contained not only a story but also a piece of her own life.
That border area is now completely full.
That bothered Yanni.
That bothered me a lot.
That bothered you a lot, didn't it?
That bothers Tom and me.
That bothers Tom.
That bothers me.
That bothers us a lot.
That bottle is full.
That bottle is in the dirt.
That bout will be looked into in the next few years.
That box has milk in it.
That box is already full.
That box is better than this one.
That box is bigger than this one.
That box is heavy.
That box is made of wood.
That box is too big to fit in the trunk.
That box is too big to put in the boot of the car.
That box is too big to put in the boot.
That box is too big to put in the trunk of the car.
That box is too small to hold all these things.
That box is too small to put all of this in.
That boy can't be very healthy, as he only eats fast foods.
That boy can’t be very healthy, as he only eats fast foods.
That boy could not enter for fear of the dog.
That boy denies stealing the bicycle.
That boy displayed no fear.
That boy doesn't eat candies.
That boy doesn't eat.
That boy doesn't have a mother.
That boy doesn’t eat candies.
That boy doesn’t eat.
That boy gets smarter every day.
That boy has a great talent.
That boy has black hair.
That boy has good brains.
That boy has quite a reputation.
That boy hit her child on purpose.
That boy is Tom's son.
That boy is Tom.
That boy is Tony, isn't he?
That boy is Tony, isn’t he?
That boy is a bad influence.
That boy is a chatterbox.
That boy is a constant source of worry to his mother.
That boy is a handful.
That boy is completely crazy.
That boy is completely crazy. He doesn't follow any of the rules.
That boy is completely nuts. He doesn't follow any rules.
That boy is descended from a Russian prince.
That boy is his brother.
That boy is in love with his teacher.
That boy is incredibly handsome.
That boy is intelligent.
That boy is not right for Anna.
That boy is perfect for you.
That boy is really shy.
That boy is running.
That boy is sad. He has tears in his eyes.
That boy is skinny.
That boy is smart.
That boy is so bad.
That boy is speaking English.
That boy is speaking French.
That boy is sticking out his tongue at me.
That boy is very clever.
That boy is very smart.
That boy isn't as mischievous as we thought he would be.
That boy isn’t as mischievous as we thought he would be.
That boy likes that girl.
That boy likes to walk around the soap shop.
That boy looked a lot like his father.
That boy looks a little bit like Tom.
That boy looks like Tom.
That boy looks like him.
That boy looks like you.
That boy of mine! He'll eat me out of house and home!
That boy of mine! He’ll eat me out of house and home!
That boy often breaks our windows with a ball.
That boy over there eating popcorn is my son.
That boy over there is probably Tom's brother.
That boy over there is probably Tom's younger brother.
That boy over there looks about the same age as you.
That boy over there looks about your age.
That boy over there told me his name was Tom.
That boy over there will be Tom's brother.
That boy over there will be Tom’s brother.
That boy over there with long black hair is Tom.
That boy runs too fast.
That boy runs very fast.
That boy said his name was Tom.
That boy showed no fear.
That boy speaking English is taller than I am.
That boy speaking English is taller than me.
That boy speaking French is my son.
That boy speaks as if he were an adult.
That boy speaks like an adult.
That boy standing next to the oak tree is Tom.
That boy sure has a lot of energy.
That boy takes after his father.
That boy talks as if he were a grown up.
That boy talks as if he were already an adult.
That boy talks like a girl.
That boy threw a chunk of stone.
That boy threw a lump of rock.
That boy used to collect tiny legs of cockroaches for no reason at all.
That boy used to drop in on me.
That boy was so clever that he was helpful to the merchant in dealing.
That boy was wearing brown shoes.
That boy watches over the sheep.
That boy who is speaking English is taller than I.
That boy who's swimming there, who is that?
That boy won't tell me his name.
That boy won’t tell me his name.
That boy's a big bully.
That boy's hair is black.
That boy's hair is brown.
That boy's name is Shintaro Wada.
That boy's name is Tom.
That boy’s hair is black.
That boy’s name is Shintaro Wada.
That bracelet is too big for me.
That branch is about to fall down.
That branch is affiliated to the miners' union.
That branch is affiliated to the miners’ union.
That branch is set to fall.
That branch is the one that is falling.
That branch looks like it could fall down at any moment.
That brand of gel stiffened my hair too much.
That brand of tequila really packs a wallop.
That brat isn't shy.
That bread has started to go stale.
That bread is freshly made.
That bread is hard.
That bread is in the oven.
That bread is like a rock.
That bread is mouldy.
That bread is two days old.
That bread is worth throwing out.
That bridge across this river is the oldest in the town.
That bridge has been out of use for a long time.
That bridge has been undergoing renovations for three years.
That bridge is anything but safe.
That bridge is half as long as this one.
That bridge is made of stone.
That bridge is very beautiful.
That bridge isn't long.
That bridge isn't strong enough to support so much weight.
That bridge isn’t long.
That bridge took nearly three years to build.
That bridge was swept away by the flood.
That bright blueish-white star is Sirius.
That bright star there is Vega.
That brings to mind a question.
That brings up another point I'd like to discuss.
That broken vase cannot be glued together.
That broken vase is irreparable.
That broken vase is my grandfather's.
That broken vase is my grandfather’s.
That brought Ziri some solace.
That brown hat is old.
That brown one is mine, too.
That bruise is still quite big. Sure you don't wanna go and have that checked?
That bucket is the best deal for your money.
That bucket leaks. Use this one.
That budget isn't yet final.
That buffet is noteworthy.
That bug is gross.
That bug stings, not bites.
That building can easily be seen from the other side of the room.
That building has changed hands many times.
That building has neither historical nor architectural value.
That building has no emergency exit.
That building has now been demolished.
That building is beautiful.
That building is in disrepair.
That building is more than three hundred years old.
That building is our school.
That building is part of the city's cultural heritage, and cannot be demolished under any circumstances.
That building is the tallest in Japan.
That building is three stories high.
That building is very tall.
That building looks like a bank.
That building must be on fire.
That building needs new paint.
That building over there is owned by our company.
That building was erected five years ago, I think.
That building was leveled in last year's earthquake.
That building whose roof is brown is a church.
That building will be put on the market soon.
That building's facade is bizarre. No idea what the architect was thinking.
That bull is shy and evasive.
That bullet was meant for me.
That bunch of horses is mine.
That bunch of sociopaths are individuals who chose to put blinders on to please the leader of pack.
That burger was terrible!
That bus doesn't go where we want to go.
That bus goes slower than the other one.
That bus stops in front of my house.
That bus will take you to the zoo.
That business was a gold mine.
That butterfly has died.
That buzzing-noise means something. You don't get a buzzing-noise like that, just buzzing and buzzing, without its meaning something. If there's a buzzing-noise, somebody's making a buzzing-noise, and the only reason for making a buzzing-noise that I know of is because you're a bee.
That cable is laid badly.
That cadaverous smell almost made me vomit.
That cafe has a pretty good breakfast special.
That cake is delicious.
That cake is fattening.
That cake is really tasty!
That cake looks delicious.
That cake looks good too. Give me a small piece.
That cake looks good.
That cake looks just as tasty. Give me a piece, please.
That cake was a load of sugar.
That cake was delicious.
That cake was really good.
That calls for a drink.
That came in very handy, didn't it?
That came out of left-field.
That came out of nowhere.
That came up during our last conversation.
That camera is Tom's most prized possession.
That camera is Tom’s most prized possession.
That camera is the smallest.
That camera over there is mine.
That camping trip was much longer than usual.
That camping trip was the most horrific thing Bruno had ever been through.
That can be a problem.
That can be arranged.
That can be asserted definitively.
That can be confusing.
That can be dangerous.
That can be done better.
That can be done.
That can be said of mankind at large.
That can be very problematic.
That can cause big problems.
That can cause problems that can even lead to death.
That can cause problems.
That can certainly be explained.
That can complicate matters.
That can diagnose anything, quicker and cheaper than a doctor.
That can easily be proven.
That can happen sometimes.
That can happen to anybody.
That can happen, too.
That can happen.
That can have serious consequences.
That can only be her.
That can only disconcert me.
That can opener is a piece of junk, it's useless.
That can probably wait.
That can still be adjusted within the current year.
That can take weeks or months.
That can wait until later.
That can wait until tomorrow.
That can wait.
That can't be Mary. She's in hospital now.
That can't be Mary. She's in the hospital now.
That can't be Tom.
That can't be a coincidence.
That can't be all you've got.
That can't be allowed.
That can't be avoided.
That can't be denied.
That can't be done.
That can't be good for Tom.
That can't be good for anybody.
That can't be good for everybody.
That can't be good for you.
That can't be good for your health, can it?
That can't be good.
That can't be helped.
That can't be her.
That can't be him.
That can't be it.
That can't be legal.
That can't be permitted to happen again.
That can't be possible.
That can't be proven.
That can't be repaired.
That can't be right, can it?
That can't be right.
That can't be right. He's still on vacation in Hawaii.
That can't be that hard.
That can't be the good news.
That can't be them.
That can't be true.
That can't be!
That can't be! Seriously?
That can't be.
That can't be. It must be an error in measurement.
That can't be. It would have been in the news.
That can't happen again.
That can't happen right away.
That can't happen straight away.
That can't happen to us.
That can't happen.
That can't just be a stranger.
That can't last.
That can't not disconcert me.
That can't possibly be true.
That candidate deserves our support.
That candidate stands for free trade.
That candle isn't white.
That cannon looks rather flimsy.
That cannot be called a success which leaves the most difficult part of the task unaccomplished, nor can it be wise to allow difficulties to amass and accumulate, if they can be mastered in detail as they present themselves.
That cannot be denied.
That cannot be true.
That cannot have been true.
That can’t be Mary. She is in hospital now.
That can’t be good for your health, can it?
That can’t be true — impossible!
That can’t be true.
That can’t be.
That cap is too small for me.
That captain handles his troops well.
That captain takes good care of his soldiers.
That car belongs in a museum.
That car belongs to Tom.
That car belongs to my neighbor.
That car could have hit me.
That car could've hit me.
That car dealer gave me a bum steer when he told me this used Toyota was in good condition.
That car dealership has a reputation for selling lemons.
That car didn't indicate it was going to turn right.
That car doesn't boost my self-confidence.
That car has a roof rack.
That car in the middle of the path is an inconvenience.
That car is Tom's.
That car is a Chrysler.
That car is a real beauty.
That car is blocking traffic.
That car is empty.
That car is expensive.
That car is fast. It goes like a bat out of hell.
That car is her.
That car is hers.
That car is his.
That car is mine.
That car is my neighbor's car.
That car is no doubt in an awful condition.
That car is our neighbor's.
That car is parked on a double yellow line.
That car is probably Tom's.
That car is quite new.
That car is quite up to date.
That car is really expensive.
That car is silver.
That car is the best deal for your money.
That car is the most beautiful of the three.
That car is too expensive for me to buy.
That car is very fast.
That car is very new.
That car over there has a door open.
That car over there is mine.
That car salesman isn't honest.
That car salesman was a pretty off the wall kind of guy.
That car used to be mine.
That car was completely empty.
That car was his to begin with.
That car's Tom's.
That car's so big that parking it is difficult.
That cargo is mine.
That carpooling was nice.
That carriage vanished, so it must be somewhere.
That car’s so big that parking it is difficult.
That castle is beautiful.
That castle is so strong that only an earthquake can destroy it.
That castle was built in ancient times.
That cat acts like he's starving.
That cat doesn't catch any mice.
That cat doesn't like that dog.
That cat has a small tail.
That cat has beautiful fur.
That cat is brown.
That cat is constantly shedding hairs.
That cat is happy.
That cat is like a puppy.
That cat is looking at us.
That cat is quite fat.
That cat is so cute!
That cat is so cute.
That cat is swag.
That cat looks injured.
That cat looks just like Cookie.
That cat looks ready to pounce!
That cat needs help to climb off a table.
That cat really likes you.
That cat really was blue.
That caused Pietro to fall unconscious.
That caused a bit of a problem.
That caused a lot of problems.
That caused my kidneys to fail.
That caused my liver to fail.
That caused unrest.
That causes a problem.
That celebrity is rather fanciable.
That celebrity married couple adopted a child of every race.
That ceremony is scheduled to be no longer than 30 minutes.
That ceremony was on October 20, 2013.
That certainly did not cost nothing.
That certainly does seem to be the case.
That certainly is a problem.
That certainly is not the case in Boston.
That certainly is specific, Moyshe.
That certainly isn't the case in Boston.
That certainly requires courage.
That certainly sounds like a problem.
That certainly won't be easy.
That chair goes in the corner.
That chair has a broken leg.
That chair looks comfortable.
That chalk isn't yellow.
That changed Sami's life for ever.
That changed after 2013.
That changed everything.
That changed in 2013.
That changed my life.
That changed on Monday.
That changed suddenly in 2013.
That changed things.
That changed when Sikivie told his parents that he had been accepted into the Juilliard School, the world-famous conservatory in New York.
That changes everything.
That changes nothing.
That changes people's lives.
That changes things.
That chapel was built by the Spaniards some centuries ago.
That charity is named after a person who donated about two billion yen.
That charity is named after someone who contributed about two billion yen.
That charming little children's bed was the last furniture to be removed from the house.
That cheese is made from goat's milk.
That cheese is made from goat’s milk.
That cheese is made from sheep's milk.
That cheese is made from sheep’s milk.
That chef prepares different meals every day.
That chemist has purified the water.
That cherry tasted so good.
That chest belongs to me.
That chick is fucking hot!
That chick was singing in Berber.
That chicken hasn't laid any eggs lately.
That chicken hasn't laid any eggs recently.
That chicken looks good.
That chicken nugget you’re eating may only contain 40 to 50 percent meat, according to a new study that analyzed chicken nuggets from two major fast-food chains.
That chicken was cut by Dom's father in the kitchen.
That chicken was delicious.
That chicken was excellent.
That chicken was good.
That chicken was great.
That chicken was very tasty.
That child can count to twenty.
That child caused a lot of trouble.
That child certainly has a will of his own.
That child could barely manage to tie his shoes.
That child did nothing but cry all day.
That child did nothing but cry.
That child doesn't have a mother.
That child dug a tunnel in the sandpit.
That child fell into a profound sleep.
That child felt secure in his mother's arms.
That child felt secure in his mother’s arms.
That child got bored.
That child grew a lot in a short amount of time.
That child has a very large head.
That child has few friends.
That child has no fear of water.
That child has to be restrained.
That child insisted on going there with his parents.
That child is Edward's son.
That child is a bit shy.
That child is a headache.
That child is a picky eater.
That child is afraid of the dark.
That child is always fretting.
That child is always throwing tantrums.
That child is eating a roll.
That child is full of mischief.
That child is good at learning poems by heart.
That child is impossible.
That child is my sister.
That child is only four, but he can already count to 100.
That child is sick and has been in the hospital since last Sunday.
That child is sulking without its parents.
That child is very proud of their toy.
That child learned to tell good from bad.
That child looks as if he is going to cry.
That child may have been kidnapped on his way home.
That child murmured something in his sleep.
That child must be looked after by you.
That child of yours needs a good talking to.
That child ought to be in bed.
That child put his playthings away.
That child resembles his father.
That child shut up a cat in the carton.
That child soon fell asleep.
That child stared at me, his mouth agape.
That child struggled for the prize.
That child stuck out his tongue at me.
That child talks as if he were an adult.
That child teased his mother for candy.
That child thought much of his parents.
That child threw a stone at the dog.
That child wanted to try on that blue shirt.
That child wants a friend to play with.
That child wants some friends to play with.
That child wants someone to play with.
That child was clinging to his mother.
That child was happy to get the gift.
That child was left in the sun too long.
That child was talking with an innocent smile.
That child was told off by the teacher.
That child who always came to have a talk, are they doing well in Tokyo? It would have been good to ask for contact information.
That child who spoke is my brother.
That child wouldn't let go of his mother's hand.
That child wouldn’t let go of his mother’s hand.
That child's constant screaming gives me gray hairs.
That child's easily distracted.
That child's free time is circumscribed.
That child's mother is a director.
That child's name is Tom.
That children's book is beautifully illustrated.
That child’s constant screaming gives me gray hairs.
That child’s free time is circumscribed.
That chimney is very high.
That church is enormous.
That church on the hill is very old.
That church organization takes in refugees.
That church stands on a hill.
That cider is incredible.
That city has a very interesting past.
That city is famous for its music industry.
That city isn't very active.
That city messes with my head.
That city will devour you.
That claim can seem arrogant.
That class had a substitute teacher for the first week of school.
That class has 15 boys and 28 girls.
That class is too big for one person to teach.
That class is too big to be taught by one person.
That class takes place once per week.
That class was boring.
That classroom is too small.
That clearly isn't true today.
That clinic still exists.
That clock is one minute fast.
That clock is slow.
That clock isn't quite right.
That clock there was made in Switzerland.
That closet is practically falling apart.
That cloth feels nice to the touch.
That cloth is made from cotton.
That cloth is very rough.
That clothing store was ghastly.
That cloud bodes rain.
That cloud in the sky resembles a dog.
That cloud is in the shape of a fish.
That cloud looks like China.
That cloud looks like Tom Jackson.
That cloud looks like a rabbit to me.
That cloud looks like a rabbit.
That cloud looks like my dog.
That clown is frightening.
That club is filled with MILFs.
That club is going to ruin your future.
That club is way too big.
That club isn't for everyone.
That coach gave him good advice.
That coat is just the style I've been looking for.
That coat is just the style I’ve been looking for.
That coat is too big for you.
That coat is too small for you.
That coat looks good on Tom.
That coat looks good on you.
That coat may have cost a lot of money, but it's worth it.
That coat may have cost a lot of money, but it’s worth it.
That coat of arms has a saltire.
That coat's mine, not Tom's.
That cocktail is sweet and easy to drink.
That coffee pot is unusable because its spout is broken.
That coffee shop is my favorite haunt.
That coffee shop is next to the bookstore.
That coffee smells good.
That coffee smells so good.
That coffee stain was hard to get out.
That coin has the Hebrew abbreviation for "Land of Israel" on it.
That coin is counterfeit.
That cold shake is full of protein.
That college student is studying engineering.
That color doesn't look good on me.
That color doesn't suit me.
That color is becoming to your face.
That color is hideous.
That color is very becoming on you.
That color isn't me.
That color looks fabulous on you.
That color looks good on you.
That color sequin is too ugly for my dress.
That colour doesn't look good on me.
That colour doesn't suit me.
That colour doesn't suit you.
That colour is hideous.
That colour looks good on you.
That colour really becomes you.
That colour really suits you.
That colour suits you.
That comb-over isn't fooling anybody.
That comedian had some great comebacks for the heckler who kept interrupting his show.
That comedian is very funny.
That comedy really made me laugh.
That comes in handy.
That comes to the same thing.
That comes with the job.
That comic's jokes are all old hat and we've heard them before.
That comic’s jokes are all old hat and we’ve heard them before.
That comment is not so stupid.
That comment made me laugh really hard. Thank you.
That comment was stupid.
That comment was unnecessary.
That commercial makes a strong impression - especially the music. It stays in your head.
That company aims to reduce employee numbers by arranging a lot of retirement money for voluntary redundancies.
That company charges a monthly service fee of thirty dollars.
That company deals mainly in imported goods.
That company does not hire women.
That company doesn't exist anymore.
That company grew by exploiting the workers.
That company has a monopoly in the field, so to speak.
That company has been very successful up to now.
That company hires people without regard to race, religion, or nationality.
That company is doing very well in terms of total sales.
That company is extracting oil in Algeria.
That company is know for being a huge polluter.
That company is managed by a foreigner.
That company is managed by my older brother.
That company is on the rocks because of bad debts.
That company is one of the best in the business.
That company is, in effect, bankrupt.
That company just put up a web page.
That company makes cars.
That company produces microchips.
That company puts out a magazine, doesn't it?
That company puts out a magazine, doesn’t it?
That company ranks No. 1 in Japan.
That company union busts.
That company was quite successful, producing dozens of different models of speakers.
That company went bankrupt.
That company's stock price fell yesterday.
That complicated the whole thing.
That computer class was a waste of time.
That computer doesn't work anymore.
That computer got a virus.
That computer has a quad-core processor.
That computer is unsecured.
That computer is what we call a robot.
That computer might not work.
That computer program brings nothing but misery.
That computer should be thrown out.
That concept germinated here and thrived overseas.
That concept is much fuzzier.
That concern has been eliminated.
That concerns me a lot.
That concerns me.
That concert lasted for three hours.
That concert lasted three hours.
That concert was a complete disappointment.
That concert wasn't rocking.
That concert wasn’t rocking.
That concludes my opening statement.
That concludes our business.
That conference is held every year.
That continued every day.
That cop is on a power trip.
That copy differs from the original.
That cormorant lost the ability to fly.
That corner was occupied by a steel cable, which was the conductive thread of a lightning rod erected on that tower twenty years ago.
That corset doesn't fit me anymore.
That cost Tom a lot.
That cost Tom his life.
That cost Ziri his life.
That cost a lot more than I expected.
That cost a lot more than I thought it would.
That cost a lot of money.
That cost a lot.
That cost her a lot.
That cost him a lot.
That cost him his job.
That cost me a fortune.
That cost me a lot in the long run.
That cost me a lot.
That cost me three bucks.
That cost much more than you think.
That cost them a lot.
That cost us a fortune.
That cost us a lot.
That cost us a pile of money.
That cost you a fortune, didn't it?
That cost you a lot of money, didn't it?
That costs 1.5 euros per kilogram.
That costs 13.
That costs 30 euros.
That costs a lot more.
That costs a lot of money.
That costs about 30 euros.
That costs five hundred euros a week.
That costs five thousand euros a week.
That costs how much?
That costs more than I thought.
That costs much more than you think.
That costs three euros.
That costs too much.
That costume is too tight for me.
That cough of yours is worrisome.
That could actually happen to us, too.
That could add to costs.
That could be Tom.
That could be a coincidence.
That could be a crab.
That could be a mistake.
That could be a problem, I think.
That could be a problem.
That could be a real problem.
That could be anything.
That could be arranged.
That could be convenient.
That could be dangerous.
That could be difficult.
That could be due to Chinese lenders taking more precautions at the outset of the pandemic and focusing on domestic priorities, as well as African countries being less willing to borrow, the study by Boston University's Global Development Policy Center found.
That could be fun.
That could be helpful.
That could be interesting.
That could be my teacher.
That could be our problem.
That could be painful.
That could be problematic.
That could be significant.
That could be the answer to all our problems.
That could be the case.
That could be the issue.
That could be the problem.
That could be too late.
That could be true, but I don't really think so.
That could be true, but I don’t really think so.
That could be what happened to Tom.
That could be wrong.
That could be.
That could become a problem later.
That could become a problem.
That could buy us some time.
That could change in the future.
That could change someday.
That could change soon.
That could change today.
That could change.
That could come in handy someday.
That could come in handy.
That could come in useful someday.
That could cost me my life.
That could delight us.
That could easily happen.
That could explain it.
That could get annoying.
That could get interesting.
That could get messy.
That could give rise to lower birth rates in the long term.
That could happen any day now.
That could happen at any time.
That could happen here if we're not careful.
That could happen here.
That could happen next week.
That could happen to any of us.
That could happen to anyone.
That could happen to me, too.
That could happen to us, too.
That could happen to you, too.
That could happen tomorrow.
That could happen.
That could have been a lot worse.
That could have been done in a better way.
That could have been embarrassing.
That could have been much worse.
That could have been prevented.
That could have ended badly.
That could have gone better.
That could have gone much worse.
That could have gone pear-shaped.
That could have happened to me.
That could have hit me.
That could have literally ruined my life.
That could have screwed everything up.
That could help.
That could include smashing mixing equipment with sledgehammers, blowing up delivery missiles, driving tanks over empty shells or filling them with concrete, and running machines without lubricant so they seize up and become inoperable.
That could indeed be the case.
That could literally ruin my life.
That could mean real trouble.
That could never happen here.
That could never happen to me.
That could never happen to you.
That could never happen.
That could now change.
That could only be you.
That could only happen if they were still in the country.
That could potentially become a problem.
That could prove important.
That could really damage their relationship.
That could solve a lot of problems.
That could soon change.
That could take a few months.
That could take a long time.
That could take a while.
That could take days.
That could take hours.
That could take several months.
That could take time.
That could take up to half an hour.
That could take up to thirty minutes to do.
That could take weeks.
That could take years.
That could work.
That could work. Let's try it.
That could've been a disaster. Heaven save us!
That could've been a lot worse.
That could've been done.
That could've been embarrassing.
That could've been much worse.
That could've been prevented.
That could've ended badly.
That could've gone better.
That could've gone much worse.
That could've gone pear-shaped.
That could've happened to me.
That could've happened to you, too.
That could've hit me.
That could've literally ruined my life.
That could've screwed everything up.
That couldn't be avoided.
That couldn't be confirmed.
That couldn't be helped.
That couldn't be more wrong.
That couldn't be true.
That couldn't be.
That couldn't happen today.
That couldn't happen.
That couldn't have gone any worse.
That couldn't possibly be Matthew.
That couldn't possibly be true.
That couldn't possibly have any negative consequences.
That couldn't possibly have any negative ramifications.
That couldn't work.
That couldn’t be helped.
That counter there.
That country abounds in oil.
That country broke off diplomatic relations with the United States.
That country broke off diplomatic relations with the neighboring countries.
That country experienced rapid industrialization.
That country has a lot of immigrants from Europe.
That country has a mild climate.
That country has a severe climate.
That country has a trade surplus. It exports more than it imports.
That country has got a name and its name is Algeria.
That country has natural resources.
That country has openly threatened to go nuclear.
That country intervened in the internal affairs of our nation.
That country is about twice as large as Japan.
That country is five times as large as Japan.
That country is rich in mineral resources.
That country is rich in minerals.
That country is turning into a society with high education.
That country is where individuality counts.
That country must be very beautiful.
That country remained neutral throughout World War II.
That country's economic situation changes from day to day.
That country's economy is growing.
That country's wealth comes from its oil.
That country’s economic situation changes from day to day.
That country’s economy is growing.
That country’s wealth comes from its oil.
That counts for something.
That counts, too.
That couple are newly weds.
That couple gets soused nearly every night.
That couple never fights; they are always in agreement on everything.
That couple spends quite a bit of money eating at nice restaurants.
That couple was made for each other.
That coward is pulling an Irish goodbye.
That coward is slipping away.
That coward is taking French leave.
That cracks me up. You're really funny.
That craze is losing steam.
That crazy squirrel belongs in a nuthouse!
That crazy stunt of yours almost landed you in jail.
That created some confusion.
That creature had a lust for blood.
That creature still roamed the woods in the 1990s.
That creature, whatever it was, has never returned.
That crime is punishable by death.
That crisis threatened to split the nation in two.
That cult makes people believe things that are anathema to them.
That cult victimizes people who are down on their luck and desperate.
That cup is mine.
That cup is yours.
That custom has become very widespread.
That custom has little currency in Japan.
That custom has long been done away with.
That custom is on the decrease.
That custom is quite foreign to the Japanese.
That custom originated with the American Indians.
That customer came back to complain again.
That customer over there has been here since we opened.
That cut looks infected.
That cut on your arm looks pretty serious.
That cute baby is the fruit of their love.
That daimyo holds a fief yielding 100,000 koku of rice.
That damn Kenji, because he was cheating on me with another woman, I slapped him as hard as I could. I've already broken up with him.
That damn fink is asking for it!
That damn ghost that won't let me sleep!
That danger can be averted.
That dark coat does not match her dark skin.
That data is very old.
That date is still celebrated on the first Monday in October as Territory Day.
That day I ate lunch there.
That day I got into trouble with them.
That day I was supposed to be questioned in history. Unfortunately I hadn't studied and I got the bright idea to play hooky.
That day changed my life.
That day had a big impact on me.
That day happened to be my birthday.
That day has come.
That day he went to school by bicycle, as is usual with him.
That day is gone, it will never come back.
That day is today.
That day it had looked like rain since morning.
That day left a deep impression on me.
That day on the beach I saw her with my own eyes.
That day proved to be the turning point in his career.
That day really was very scary.
That day shall come.
That day she did something she had never done.
That day started as the other ones did.
That day was a Sunday, so there was no school.
That day was a black day.
That day was an important milestone in our project.
That day was hot.
That day was made a holiday by an act of the diet.
That day was made a public holiday by an act of parliament.
That day was my 23rd birthday.
That day was no different from any other.
That day was perfect in every way.
That day was perhaps the first time I'd wondered if I hadn't made a wrong turn on the road of life.
That day was spectacular.
That day was very stormy.
That day was very turbulent.
That day went down in history.
That day will definitely come.
That day will go down in history.
That day, Edmundo and his friends were going to play kickball.
That day, Gunter's mother was at work.
That day, Lwiz did not go to school.
That day, Mary promised herself that she'd never smoke again. And she never smoked again.
That day, Tom bought as many cameras as he could afford.
That day, Tom bought as many cameras as he could.
That day, Tom promised himself that he'd never drink again. And he never drank again.
That day, in Jessica's eyes, Donald was like an angel.
That day, it rained on and off all day.
That day, it was really cold.
That day, my life changed.
That day, the most important invention of humanity was born.
That day, the rain that had been falling since morning seemed as if it was about to stop around the time that the streetlamps are lit, but as night came it suddenly turned into pouring rain.
That day, the sea was rough.
That day, too, I made a friend—of a sort.
That day, we were sleeping.
That day, when Idir read to the students of their class the text of the tale "The Black Mountain", when they went out to the courtyard to rest or eat what they had brought as a snack, he stayed in a corner. The one who addressed him was Tawes, who said to him: "Hello Idir!"
That deal didn't work out.
That deal was signed last week.
That deal would be hard to beat.
That decision has yet to be made.
That decision hasn't been made yet.
That decision hasn't yet been made.
That decision is expected soon.
That decision is up to Tom.
That decision is yours alone.
That decision lost me 50 dollars.
That decision was difficult to make.
That decision was easy to make.
That decision was hard to make.
That decision will have far-reaching and serious consequences.
That decision will have to be made sooner or later.
That decision will have to be taken sooner or later.
That decision will have wide and serious consequences.
That decision, in turn, was affected by the geological structure of the hill itself.
That deed at first stirred up laughter in the spectators.
That deep emotional conviction of the presence of a superior power, which is revealed in the incomprehensible universe, forms my idea of God.
That defies all description.
That defies any description.
That definitely complicated things.
That definitely didn't help.
That degree is not going to take you anywhere.
That delicately bronzed skin, almost Oriental in its colouring, that raven hair, the large liquid eyes, the full but exquisite lips—all the stigmata of passion were there.
That depends entirely on the circumstances.
That depends entirely on the surroundings.
That depends on Mennad.
That depends on Sami alone.
That depends on Tom.
That depends on her.
That depends on how you deal with it.
That depends on the bar.
That depends on the context.
That depends on what Tom does.
That depends on when our Facilities Management folks can fit renovations into their schedule and budget.
That depends on where we decide to go.
That depends on whether Tom wants to go or not.
That depends on whether Tom wants to go.
That depends on whether you are interested or not.
That depends on you.
That depends on your ability to take care of it.
That depends, but usually about three times a week.
That depends.
That depresses me a bit.
That depresses me even more.
That depresses me.
That desert looks like the surface of the moon.
That desk does not fit in this room.
That desk is too small for Meg.
That destroyed all his dreams.
That detective has been taken off the case.
That diamond is not genuine.
That diamond is not real.
That diamond is very pricey.
That diamond ring cost an arm and a leg.
That diamond seems to be real.
That dictator gags the opposition parties.
That dictionary is mine.
That did come as a surprise.
That did force us to make some changes.
That did happen once.
That did me good.
That did not age well.
That did not really surprise me much.
That did not reassure James.
That did occur to me.
That did the trick.
That didn't accomplish anything.
That didn't bode well for you.
That didn't bother Tom at all.
That didn't bother me at all.
That didn't bother me.
That didn't bother you, did it?
That didn't change anything.
That didn't come as a surprise.
That didn't come out right.
That didn't come out the way I wanted it to.
That didn't comprise any malicious intent.
That didn't convince them.
That didn't cost us very much.
That didn't cross my mind.
That didn't do them any good.
That didn't end up right!
That didn't even cross my mind.
That didn't even enter my head.
That didn't even occur to me.
That didn't even occur to you, did it?
That didn't explain why Ziri was so dirty.
That didn't fix it.
That didn't fool anybody.
That didn't fool anyone.
That didn't go too well.
That didn't go very well, did it?
That didn't go very well.
That didn't happen all that long ago.
That didn't happen either.
That didn't happen last night.
That didn't happen to me.
That didn't happen tonight.
That didn't happen when I was learning Esperanto.
That didn't happen.
That didn't have to happen.
That didn't help her.
That didn't help him.
That didn't help me.
That didn't help much.
That didn't help them any.
That didn't help them.
That didn't help us.
That didn't help very much.
That didn't help.
That didn't hurt.
That didn't impress you, did it?
That didn't last long.
That didn't last very long.
That didn't make much sense.
That didn't make things any better.
That didn't matter to Tom.
That didn't miss by much.
That didn't occur to me until after the war.
That didn't occur to me.
That didn't occur to you, did it?
That didn't offend me.
That didn't please.
That didn't really bother Robert.
That didn't really happen.
That didn't really happen. I just made it up.
That didn't really make sense.
That didn't really matter to me.
That didn't really surprise me much.
That didn't really surprise me.
That didn't seem fair to me.
That didn't seem to bother Tom at all.
That didn't seem to bother Tom.
That didn't seem to matter.
That didn't seem to satisfy Tom.
That didn't seem to worry him.
That didn't sit well with Tom.
That didn't sit well with them.
That didn't sound like French to me.
That didn't sound very convincing.
That didn't stop Tom from trying.
That didn't stop me.
That didn't stop others from trying.
That didn't stop us from trying.
That didn't stop you, did it?
That didn't strike me as strange.
That didn't surprise me at all.
That didn't surprise me, either.
That didn't surprise me.
That didn't surprise us at all.
That didn't surprise you, did it?
That didn't take long.
That didn't take much.
That didn't take them long.
That didn't turn out the way I wanted it to.
That didn't turn out too bad.
That didn't use to happen.
That didn't work either.
That didn't work for me.
That didn't work out too well.
That didn't work out very well.
That didn't work out.
That didn't work.
That didn’t do them any good.
That didn’t happen when I was learning Esperanto.
That didn’t help them any.
That didn’t really happen.
That diet makes you thinner, but does it also make you healthier?
That diner makes the best chicken-fried steak.
That dinner they had together was delicious.
That disagreement resulted in a complete break between them.
That disc cost ten dollars.
That discovery changed the whole tone of the investigation.
That discovery was quite accidental.
That disease is caused by bacteria.
That disease is incurable.
That disease left Tom unable to walk.
That disgraceful effort won't be forgotten quickly.
That disgusts me.
That dish is dangerous to your health.
That dish is my absolute favorite.
That dish isn't digestible.
That dish with salted pork knuckles is Swiss cuisine.
That displeased everyone.
That dispute has been settled once and for all.
That distinction may not matter.
That distinction was well-deserved.
That district is no longer a safe place to live in.
That doctor advised him to quit smoking.
That doctor is a cultured man.
That doctor is a man of culture.
That doctor may cure him of his cancer.
That doctor of yours is a total hack.
That doctor specializes in helping those with eating disorders.
That doctor's experiments have blazed the way for new discoveries.
That doctrine will no doubt lead to dismal consequences.
That doctrine will no doubt lead to serious consequences.
That documentary about the environmental crisis was a real eye-opener.
That documentary is emotional.
That does appear to be the case.
That does certainly seem to be the case.
That does happen occasionally.
That does it for this video.
That does it.
That does make me feel better.
That does make sense intuitively.
That does make sense.
That does not accord with his statement.
That does not augur well for the rest of our dialogue.
That does not bode well.
That does not concern you.
That does not excuse you.
That does not happen all that often.
That does not make sense.
That does not matter to me.
That does not mean we should ignore sources of tension. Indeed, it suggests the opposite: we must face these tensions squarely.
That does not prevent them from taking just as many books.
That does not seem to be enough.
That does not seem to displease her.
That does not sound natural to me.
That does scare you, doesn't it?
That does seem to happen a whole lot.
That does sound fun.
That does sound pretty accurate.
That does worry me.
That doesn't accord with my principle.
That doesn't add up.
That doesn't affect me.
That doesn't agree with what he said.
That doesn't always work.
That doesn't answer my question.
That doesn't appear to be the case.
That doesn't apply anymore.
That doesn't apply to everything.
That doesn't belong here.
That doesn't belong in here.
That doesn't belong there.
That doesn't belong to me.
That doesn't belong to us.
That doesn't belong to you.
That doesn't bother Tom.
That doesn't bother me at all.
That doesn't bother me in the least.
That doesn't bother me.
That doesn't bother you, does it?
That doesn't change a thing.
That doesn't change anything.
That doesn't change how I feel.
That doesn't change the situation one iota.
That doesn't concern me.
That doesn't concern us.
That doesn't concern you!
That doesn't concern you.
That doesn't count.
That doesn't cut the mustard.
That doesn't do any harm.
That doesn't do us any good, does it?
That doesn't even make sense.
That doesn't excuse what you did either.
That doesn't excuse what you did!
That doesn't excuse what you did.
That doesn't exist except in your imagination.
That doesn't exist.
That doesn't explain a lot.
That doesn't explain what happened, does it?
That doesn't feel like cheese.
That doesn't fit the pattern.
That doesn't fly with me.
That doesn't frighten me.
That doesn't give me a lot of comfort.
That doesn't give us a lot of time.
That doesn't give you grounds for complaining.
That doesn't give you license to do as you please.
That doesn't give you the right to belittle those who follow the Mormon faith.
That doesn't go there.
That doesn't happen a lot.
That doesn't happen anymore.
That doesn't happen around here.
That doesn't happen here.
That doesn't happen in my world.
That doesn't happen in this part of the country.
That doesn't happen just anywhere.
That doesn't happen often.
That doesn't happen too often.
That doesn't happen very often.
That doesn't happen.
That doesn't have anything to do with Tom.
That doesn't have anything to do with what we're talking about.
That doesn't have to happen.
That doesn't help anything.
That doesn't help me.
That doesn't help much.
That doesn't help us.
That doesn't help very much.
That doesn't help!
That doesn't help.
That doesn't impress me.
That doesn't inspire my confidence.
That doesn't interest me anymore.
That doesn't interest me at all.
That doesn't interest me.
That doesn't interest us at all.
That doesn't leave me much freedom of action.
That doesn't leave me with a lot of options.
That doesn't leave us much time.
That doesn't look good at all.
That doesn't look good. That's ugly.
That doesn't look kosher.
That doesn't look like Tom's handwriting to me.
That doesn't look like a school.
That doesn't look like anything I've ever seen.
That doesn't look like enough food for everyone.
That doesn't look like enough.
That doesn't look right.
That doesn't look so bad.
That doesn't look so great, does it?
That doesn't look so hard.
That doesn't look sturdy.
That doesn't look too hard.
That doesn't look very appetizing.
That doesn't look very stable.
That doesn't make Ziri a better person.
That doesn't make a lot of sense.
That doesn't make any difference.
That doesn't make any real sense to me.
That doesn't make any sense to me.
That doesn't make any sense, does it?
That doesn't make any sense.
That doesn't make good television.
That doesn't make it any easier.
That doesn't make it better.
That doesn't make it clear at all whether you're for it or against it.
That doesn't make it right!
That doesn't make me a bad person.
That doesn't make me feel any better.
That doesn't make me feel better.
That doesn't make much sense.
That doesn't make sense at all.
That doesn't make sense to me.
That doesn't make sense to you, does it?
That doesn't make sense!
That doesn't make sense.
That doesn't make the slightest bit of sense.
That doesn't make you even a little bit uncomfortable?
That doesn't matter anymore, does it?
That doesn't matter anymore.
That doesn't matter for Yanni.
That doesn't matter now.
That doesn't matter to me.
That doesn't matter, does it?
That doesn't matter, really.
That doesn't matter.
That doesn't mean I can stay.
That doesn't mean I have to do it.
That doesn't mean I recommend it.
That doesn't mean I wanted it.
That doesn't mean I'm not happy.
That doesn't mean Tom agrees.
That doesn't mean Tom has given up.
That doesn't mean Tom is satisfied.
That doesn't mean Tom will stop doing that.
That doesn't mean Ziri should turn his back on Rima.
That doesn't mean a thing.
That doesn't mean anything anymore.
That doesn't mean anything to me.
That doesn't mean anything to you?
That doesn't mean anything.
That doesn't mean it'll ever happen.
That doesn't mean it's been easy.
That doesn't mean that I will stop doing it.
That doesn't mean that I'll stop doing it.
That doesn't mean that the danger has passed.
That doesn't mean that we didn't worry.
That doesn't mean that we have to give up.
That doesn't mean there's no risk.
That doesn't mean we don't care.
That doesn't mean we have to continue doing things the same way.
That doesn't mean we have to give up.
That doesn't mean we should give up.
That doesn't mean we've given up.
That doesn't mean you have to go with him.
That doesn't mean you should give up.
That doesn't mean you should tell Tom now.
That doesn't mean you shouldn't be careful.
That doesn't mean you're ready.
That doesn't necessarily change anything.
That doesn't need to be changed.
That doesn't please me at all.
That doesn't please me.
That doesn't prove a thing.
That doesn't prove anything.
That doesn't really answer the question.
That doesn't really help us, does it?
That doesn't really make any sense.
That doesn't really make much sense, does it?
That doesn't really make much sense.
That doesn't really make sense.
That doesn't really matter right now.
That doesn't really matter.
That doesn't really seem appropriate right now.
That doesn't reassure me.
That doesn't regard you at all.
That doesn't relate to me!
That doesn't ring a bell.
That doesn't satisfy me.
That doesn't scare me in the least.
That doesn't scare me in the slightest.
That doesn't scare me one bit.
That doesn't scare you, does it?
That doesn't scare you?
That doesn't seem aboveboard.
That doesn't seem appropriate.
That doesn't seem enough.
That doesn't seem fair to me.
That doesn't seem fair.
That doesn't seem kosher.
That doesn't seem like Tom's style.
That doesn't seem like a logical explanation to me.
That doesn't seem like something Tom would do.
That doesn't seem like the kind of thing Tom would do.
That doesn't seem like what we need.
That doesn't seem like what we needed.
That doesn't seem likely.
That doesn't seem logical to me.
That doesn't seem particularly logical to me.
That doesn't seem proper.
That doesn't seem quite so important anymore.
That doesn't seem right at all.
That doesn't seem right to me.
That doesn't seem right.
That doesn't seem to be a problem to me.
That doesn't seem to be a problem.
That doesn't seem to be enough.
That doesn't seem to bother you.
That doesn't seem to make any sense.
That doesn't seem to make much sense, does it?
That doesn't seem to make much sense.
That doesn't seem to worry Tom too much.
That doesn't seem too difficult.
That doesn't seem very heroic.
That doesn't seem very hygienic.
That doesn't seem very logical to me.
That doesn't seem wise to me.
That doesn't smell like something I'd want to eat.
That doesn't solve the problem.
That doesn't sound familiar.
That doesn't sound good.
That doesn't sound healthy.
That doesn't sound like Tom.
That doesn't sound like a good idea.
That doesn't sound like enough.
That doesn't sound like her.
That doesn't sound like him.
That doesn't sound like much fun.
That doesn't sound like my voice.
That doesn't sound like something Tom would do.
That doesn't sound like something Tom would say.
That doesn't sound like something you would do.
That doesn't sound like something you would say.
That doesn't sound like them.
That doesn't sound like very much fun.
That doesn't sound like you.
That doesn't sound logical to me.
That doesn't sound natural to me.
That doesn't sound particularly reassuring.
That doesn't sound quite right.
That doesn't sound really convincing, but I trust you.
That doesn't sound right.
That doesn't sound so bad.
That doesn't sound so good to me.
That doesn't sound stupid to me.
That doesn't sound too dangerous.
That doesn't sound too difficult.
That doesn't sound too expensive.
That doesn't sound too hard.
That doesn't sound very convincing, but I believe you.
That doesn't sound very convincing.
That doesn't sound very exciting.
That doesn't sound very good.
That doesn't sound very interesting.
That doesn't sound very logical.
That doesn't sound very polite.
That doesn't sound very profitable.
That doesn't sound very promising.
That doesn't sound very romantic.
That doesn't strike me as a good idea.
That doesn't suffice.
That doesn't suit Tom.
That doesn't suit me because I have to leave at 5 P.M.
That doesn't suit us because Gilles is arriving.
That doesn't surprise me at all.
That doesn't surprise me much.
That doesn't surprise me.
That doesn't tell me anything.
That doesn't to matter to me.
That doesn't trouble me.
That doesn't work at all.
That doesn't work for me.
That doesn't work well.
That doesn't work, does it?
That doesn't work.
That doesn't worry me at all.
That doesn't worry me.
That doesn’t accord with my principle.
That doesn’t agree with what he said.
That doesn’t count as making a mistake.
That doesn’t cut the mustard.
That doesn’t even make sense.
That doesn’t give you grounds for complaining.
That doesn’t make it clear at all whether you’re for it or against it.
That doesn’t matter.
That doesn’t regard you at all.
That doesn’t sit well with some contributors.
That doesn’t surprise me.
That doesn’t worry me at all.
That dog always recognises Tom.
That dog answers to the name Cookie.
That dog barks at strangers.
That dog doesn't bite.
That dog doesn't like me.
That dog doesn’t bite.
That dog eats too much.
That dog has a short tail.
That dog has been barking 'Ruff-ruff-ruff-ruff!' all day long.
That dog has been barking ’Ruff-ruff-ruff-ruff!’ all day long.
That dog has big ears.
That dog is big.
That dog is causing too much trouble.
That dog is dangerous.
That dog is exactly twice the size of this one.
That dog is fat.
That dog is gigantic.
That dog is huge.
That dog is loved by the whole family.
That dog is only blind in one eye.
That dog is really old!
That dog is really old.
That dog is really ugly.
That dog is so cute!
That dog is so stupid.
That dog is so ugly.
That dog is super enormous.
That dog is too dangerous to be left loose.
That dog is trained to bark at strangers.
That dog is very gentle.
That dog jumped.
That dog looks like a cloud I saw once.
That dog looks very wasted.
That dog made for me.
That dog must be caught.
That dog only sees out of one eye.
That dog over there looks like Tom's.
That dog runs so fast!
That dog runs very fast.
That dog stinks!
That dog talks.
That dog tries to eat just about anything he lays his eyes on.
That dog was hit by a car.
That dog's Tom's.
That dog's bark wouldn't even scare off a baby.
That dog's got me wiped out.
That dog's name is Cookie.
That dog's name is Ken.
That doll gives me the chills.
That doll is downright frightening.
That doll is haunted!
That doll is missing a leg and an eye.
That doll is really unsettling.
That doll is scary.
That doll makes me feel uneasy.
That doll really frightens me.
That doll scares the heck out of me.
That donkey brays the whole time.
That door cannot be locked.
That door doesn't open. It's just a texture painted onto the wall.
That door is locked from the inside.
That door is locked.
That door isn't going to close itself, you know.
That door leads to a bathroom.
That door needs painting.
That door needs to be painted.
That door opens to the outside.
That door was never left open.
That door won't open.
That door's the only way out.
That down pillow is probably expensive.
That down pillow looks expensive.
That drawer is full of junk.
That drawer is full of miscellaneous items.
That drawing makes me want to hug someone.
That drawing makes me want to hug something.
That dream has come true.
That dress becomes her very well.
That dress does not suit her.
That dress fit Mary perfectly.
That dress fit her perfectly.
That dress fits her perfectly.
That dress fitted her perfectly.
That dress is $300.
That dress is absolutely stunning.
That dress is awful.
That dress is cheap.
That dress is green.
That dress is inappropriate for a funeral.
That dress is made of silk.
That dress is made out of silk.
That dress is perfect for you.
That dress isn't flattering to her figure.
That dress looks fantastic on you.
That dress looks good on you, but it makes you look pregnant. Oh, no, not the figure; I meant the design.
That dress looks good on you.
That dress looks great on you.
That dress looks really expensive.
That dress looks really nice on you.
That dress looks stunning on her.
That dress looks stunning on you.
That dress looks very good on you.
That dress makes you look dumpy.
That dress makes you look fat.
That dress matches her red hair.
That dress really becomes her.
That dress really becomes him.
That dress really suits her.
That dress seems to be very expensive.
That dress shows off her figure to advantage.
That dress sure does looks good on you.
That dress sure looks good on you.
That dress you’re wearing really suits you.
That drink went right to my head.
That drink's mine.
That drives me absolutely crazy.
That drug is a derivative of quinine.
That drug isn't sold over the counter anymore.
That drum has a very strange sound.
That drunk driver is responsible for the accident.
That drunk finally got the bum's rush out of the bar.
That drunk was finally thrown out of the pub.
That dry-cleaning business is a front for the mob.
That dude is out of his mind.
That dude is rolling in dough.
That dude looks like Tom.
That dude was a jerk.
That dude's always picking on Mi!
That dumbass didn't even hear out Tom.
That eagle is beautiful.
That eagle is white.
That effort bore no fruit.
That effort failed.
That egg hatched!
That elder brother is taller than that elder brother.
That elder died of hunger.
That electric fence doesn't kill, but it causes great damage.
That elegant gold plated chain with hearts is a necklace that will "rock your world".
That elevator doesn't go to the third floor.
That elevator is for freight only.
That elevator is made of glass and goes through the facade.
That elevator is out of order today.
That elevator isn't working today.
That elevator isn't working.
That embarrassed me.
That emir is very rich.
That employee can neither write nor read.
That ended better than I expected.
That endgame boiled down to the confrontation between a good bishop, that is one who had good squares to move on, and a bad bishop, that is one who had his movement options restricted by its own pawns.
That enriches my understanding of life.
That envelope is a little too big, but it will be good. Better too big than too small, right?
That error is very common.
That escalated quickly.
That essay got me a scholarship.
That evening I left my tip under a coffee cup, which I left upside down on the table.
That evening tea was partaken of in a grim silence.
That evening, he lost not only his wife, but also his pride.
That evening, he returned home.
That evening, the astronauts—Commander Frank Borman, Command Module Pilot Jim Lovell, and Lunar Module Pilot William Anders—held a live broadcast from lunar orbit, in which they showed pictures of the Earth and moon as seen from their spacecraft.
That evening, the university held a meeting for foreign students and Chinese students studying foreign languages.
That evening, we had a huge storm system that came in.
That event could've cost Tom's life.
That event happened 15 years ago.
That event is engraved in my memory.
That event was really a change for Matthew.
That event wasn't open to the public.
That every one who believes in him may have eternal life.
That everybody is told all the facts is important.
That everything is good... is good.
That exact same thing happened to a good friend of mine.
That exam was very easy.
That excuse will not do.
That exercise - backs together, link arms, one bends forwards while the other stretches their back - we did that a lot as children, didn't we?
That exercise - backs together, link arms, one bends forwards while the other stretches their back - we did that a lot as children, didn’t we?
That exercise bike was a gift from my fan club.
That exercise is good for the abdominal muscles.
That exists only in your imagination.
That experience guides my conviction that partnership between America and Islam must be based on what Islam is, not what it isn't. And I consider it part of my responsibility as President of the United States to fight against negative stereotypes of Islam wherever they appear.
That experience guides my conviction that partnership between America and Islam must be based on what Islam is, not what it isn’t. And I consider it part of my responsibility as President of the United States to fight against negative stereotypes of Islam wherever they appear.
That experience guides my conviction that partnership between the United States and Islam must be based on what Islam is, not what it isn't. And I consider it part of my responsibility as President of the United States to fight against negative stereotypes of Islam wherever they appear.
That experience has ruined camping for Ziri.
That experience left a bad taste in my mouth.
That experience truly shook Felix.
That experiment led to a great discovery.
That experiment was a failure.
That explains a lot of things.
That explains a lot.
That explains everything.
That explains it.
That explains that.
That explains the complaints.
That explains why Tom is here.
That explains why the door is open.
That explains your many oddities.
That explanation sounds convincing.
That expression is archaic.
That expression is faker than a coin with my face on it.
That expression is far from meaningless!
That expression is right on the money!
That extension cord looks dangerous to me. You see where it's frayed there?
That extension cord looks dangerous to me. You see where it’s frayed there?
That extraordinary news came out of nowhere.
That fact becomes self evident if you take a look at the relation between this theme and those leading research on it.
That fact can't be denied.
That fact is of great importance from the viewpoint of science.
That fact is worth knowing.
That fact justifies her ignorance.
That fact justifies his ignorance.
That fact must be taken into account.
That fact proves his innocence.
That factory has been closed for years.
That factory is for the manufacture of computers.
That factory is pretty far from the town center.
That factory makes toys.
That factory manufactures toys.
That factory produces toys.
That fail made me extremely demotivated.
That fall was brutal. Are you OK?
That fall, a Philadelphia surgeon operated on her eyelid to correct a malformation caused by trachoma, a highly contagious eye infection that was epidemic throughout the boarding school system and a major public health concern.
That fallow paddy field does not yield anymore.
That falls into the uncanny valley for sure.
That family has lost its social position.
That family really is the pits!
That famous Nobel prize winner is now a visiting professor at our university.
That famous actor is in many movies.
That famous couple announced their split during the interview to Fama magazine.
That famous poet planned on killing himself in his library.
That famous singer went to Brazil at the start of this year.
That fan blows hot air.
That farm belongs to Tom.
That farm belongs to the Jackson family.
That farm has been abandoned for years.
That farmer cultivated a 200 acre plantation.
That fascinated Tom.
That fascinated me.
That fascinates Tom.
That fascinates me.
That fascist cop asked me to drop my bag and let him search it.
That fat girl consumes too much sugary food.
That fat guy is Tom.
That fear isn't unfounded.
That fear started to seep into Ziri's head.
That feast was one of the best I ever had.
That feel when no boyfriend.
That feeling I had got weirder and weirder.
That feeling came back.
That feeling fades quickly.
That feeling has controlled most of Ziri's life.
That feeling is called love.
That feeling is caused by the capsaicin molecules in the peppers activating the capsaicin receptors on our tongue—the more capsaicin, the hotter the pepper.
That feeling is indescribable.
That feeling kept growing and growing in intensity.
That feeling of being uncomfortable with the gender one is assigned at birth is known as gender dysphoria, and it can start showing up in kids as young as 2.
That feeling won't last long.
That feels amazing.
That feels better.
That feels good, Yanni.
That feels good.
That feels pretty good.
That feels so good.
That feels so good. Oh my god, I'm gonna come.
That feels very nice.
That feels wonderful.
That fellow can't tell right from wrong.
That fellow can’t tell right from wrong.
That fellow has the nerve to show up again!
That fellow is a cool hand.
That fellow is a thorough fool.
That fellow over there might be the one who was ruined by the company's president.
That fellow was fired last week.
That fellow's name is Tom.
That felt good.
That felt great.
That felt like an earthquake.
That felt so good.
That female student is American.
That feminist group has taken to the streets before. This time they're all protesting naked.
That fence is too high to jump over.
That ferry is heading to Finland.
That fig has a blackish color.
That fig is rotten. Throw it out.
That fig is very good.
That fig looks a little bit eaten by birds or bugs.
That fight happened three weeks ago.
That fight seemed like a life-or-death struggle.
That fighter plane dropped a bomb.
That figures.
That file is off-limits.
That film fills me with a feeling that is summed up well by the phrase 'world-weariness'.
That film gave the kids nightmares.
That film is absolutely mind-blowing.
That film is for children.
That film is unsettling.
That film is worth seeing.
That film really gets under your skin.
That film simply mirrors reality.
That film was a bit disappointing.
That film was a great draw.
That film was an extremely inaccurate portrayal of key historical events.
That film was interesting.
That film was really boring.
That film was terrible.
That film was very moving.
That film wasn't very interesting.
That film – what time is it on?
That film's really interesting.
That finch is performing its cute little dentistry on a crocodile over there.
That fire burned the entire town to ashes.
That fire couldn't have started by accident.
That firm has a good reputation.
That first Earth Day was so important in part because we brought together a huge basket of different issues: urban air pollution, freeways cutting through neighborhoods, leaded paint, DDT, the Santa Barbara oil spill, rivers catching on fire.
That fish cannot see because he does not have eyes.
That fish is big.
That fish is not edible.
That fish isn't edible.
That fish lives in fresh water.
That fish must've gone bad. I think I'm going to throw up.
That fish pie is fast food.
That fish travels in a group, don't they?
That fish travels in a group, don’t they?
That fits in there quite snugly.
That fits me.
That fix seemed to do the trick.
That flabbergasted him.
That flag can't be banned.
That flag is very beautiful.
That flag is very nice.
That flag is very pretty.
That flat has a separate entrance.
That flour mill is now operated as a museum.
That flower can be eaten.
That flower has a powerful smell.
That flower has a strong smell.
That flower has a very strong smell.
That flower is a tulip.
That flower is beautiful, but it doesn't turn into a fruit.
That flower is beautiful, isn't it?
That flower is blue.
That flower is edible.
That flower is fragrant. I didn't pick it, however.
That flower is orange.
That flower is pretty.
That flower is white.
That flower smells sweet.
That flower tried to attack me.
That folder is heavy! What's in it?
That folk singer is very popular with people in general.
That food is dangerous to your health.
That food is delicious.
That food is so bad that I wouldn't dream of eating it.
That food is very tasteful.
That food is yummy.
That food looks crunchy.
That food smells good. Yum, yum.
That food's hard to digest.
That football is made of genuine leather.
That football player is gigantic.
That forced us to make some changes.
That foreigner speaks Japanese as if it were his mother tongue.
That foreigner spoke Japanese as if it were his native language.
That forest fire happened from natural cause.
That forest held memories of countless adventures for Gustavo, etched into the very fabric of his being.
That forest is haunted.
That fortune-teller is no better than a liar.
That foul odor is coming from the river.
That four-year plan has to be approved.
That fox must have killed the hen.
That freaked Tom out.
That freaked Yanni out.
That fried fish was eaten by me.
That fucker Tom threw me out the fucking window!
That fucking dog is always barking!
That fucking whore took my credit card.
That fund has risen in value quite a bit since its inception.
That fungus is deadly, but many others are actually edible.
That fur coat makes her look bigger.
That furniture is my mother's.
That furniture is my mother’s.
That galloping inflation has been lasting for three years now. People are frustrated and angry.
That game doesn't seem interesting at first, but if you play it for a while, I think it's surprisingly not boring.
That game is addictive.
That game is boring.
That game is easy, once you learn the basic rules.
That game isn't in stock.
That game was a real nail-biter!
That game was awesome.
That game was fun.
That game was rigged.
That game will finish soon.
That gap is narrowing.
That garage has room for two automobiles.
That gave Tom an idea.
That gave her an idea.
That gave him an idea.
That gave me a headache.
That gave me a lot of pleasure.
That gave me a rough idea.
That gave me an idea.
That gave me chills.
That gave me goosebumps.
That gave me hope.
That gave me pause.
That gave me something to strive for.
That gave me something to think about.
That gave me the strength to keep going.
That gave them an idea.
That gave us a great deal of trouble.
That gave us an idea.
That gentleman isn't a teacher, he's a doctor.
That gentleman isn’t a teacher, he’s a doctor.
That gentleman must be a doctor.
That gentleman over there is well spoken of.
That gentleman usually wears a hat.
That gesture is offensive.
That gets old quickly.
That ghetto should be burned down.
That gift shop over there was built out of recycled materials.
That girl at the bar gave you a fake phone number, didn't she?
That girl behaved like a spoiled child towards her mother.
That girl can't ride a bicycle.
That girl could be Sami's niece.
That girl couldn't take things down in longhand, let alone shorthand.
That girl couldn’t take things down in longhand, let alone shorthand.
That girl doesn't have a bad bone in her body.
That girl doesn't have a mother.
That girl drives me crazy.
That girl had beauty in spades.
That girl has a lovely doll.
That girl has always followed in her mother's footsteps.
That girl has an extremely undesirable personality.
That girl has become a woman.
That girl has quite a reputation.
That girl has very delicate features.
That girl hugged her doll.
That girl is Icelandic, but now she lives in the United States.
That girl is Mary.
That girl is Tom's daughter.
That girl is a danger to traffic when she walks along the sidewalk.
That girl is a true blue country singer.
That girl is arrogant because of her beauty.
That girl is certainly a hard worker.
That girl is completely crazy.
That girl is far from being shy.
That girl is good-looking.
That girl is hot.
That girl is ignoble.
That girl is incredibly beautiful.
That girl is jealous of her little brother.
That girl is just a basic bitch.
That girl is like a sister to me and I'll do anything I can to keep her from being sad.
That girl is more cute than beautiful.
That girl is my friend.
That girl is not for you.
That girl is not only idle, but also dumb.
That girl is not only vain, but also dumb.
That girl is pretty tan.
That girl is pretty!
That girl is really shy.
That girl is small.
That girl is so bad.
That girl is so beautiful that she attracts even the most self-possessed men.
That girl is so mean.
That girl is the one who helped me.
That girl is under the delusion that she is a princess.
That girl is very attractive.
That girl is very beautiful.
That girl is very skinny.
That girl is very thin.
That girl is walking slowly.
That girl is way out of my league.
That girl isn't able to ride a bicycle.
That girl isn't dumb.
That girl isn't stupid.
That girl isn't what I'd call gorgeous, but she is pretty.
That girl just drives me wild.
That girl knows German and English.
That girl likes that music.
That girl likes to hang around rich people.
That girl looks boyish.
That girl looks just like Mary.
That girl looks like Mary.
That girl looks like a boy.
That girl looks like her mother.
That girl looks like you.
That girl looks very cute.
That girl looks very pretty.
That girl loved climbing trees.
That girl might be Tom's niece.
That girl over there doesn't have a mother.
That girl over there has no mother.
That girl over there is either Mary or someone who looks a lot like her.
That girl over there is looking at you.
That girl over there is my sister.
That girl over there is really cute.
That girl over there is the one Tom has been dating.
That girl over there is very fat.
That girl over there reminds me of someone I used to know.
That girl over there with blonde hair and blue eyes is Mary.
That girl playing the piano is my little sister.
That girl resembles her mother.
That girl seems to be in love with Tom.
That girl smiled and waved to me.
That girl speaks English and German.
That girl sure has a lot of energy.
That girl that's talking to John is Susan.
That girl told him.
That girl walking over there is my little sister.
That girl wanted to become a movie star.
That girl wants a good slap!
That girl was all Gabor talked about.
That girl was blackmailing Yanni.
That girl wasn't there.
That girl wearing a red dress is Mary.
That girl who has long hair is Judy.
That girl who popped her head in and said "I'm home" just before we left. I wonder how she's doing.
That girl who's wearing a scarf is a virgin.
That girl whose hair is long is Judy.
That girl who’s wearing a scarf is a virgin.
That girl with the long legs was here and asked for you.
That girl's cute.
That girl's dress made her look like a grown-up.
That girl's eyes are blue.
That girl's face is incredibly ugly.
That girl's name is Mary.
That girl's under the delusion that she's a princess.
That girl, locked inside her delirium, considers herself a princess.
That girl, she's so beautiful that no boy dares approach her.
That girl’s dress made her look like a grown-up.
That girl’s eyes are blue.
That gives me a headache!
That gives me a headache.
That gives me an idea.
That gives me goosebumps.
That gives me great pleasure.
That gives me hope.
That gives me joy.
That gives me strength to go further.
That gives me the heebie jeebies.
That gives me the strength to carry on.
That gives one a horse laugh.
That gives us hope.
That gives us more hope.
That gives us some hope.
That glass is yours.
That glass was empty.
That glen was beautiful on a calm day.
That glittering accessory doesn't go with your sweatshirt. Try this on!
That glittering accessory doesn’t go with your sweatshirt. Try this on!
That goal is unattainable.
That goalkeeper hasn't conceded a goal in the last 10 matches.
That goes against my beliefs.
That goes against my principles.
That goes beyond a joke.
That goes beyond the scope of our lesson.
That goes beyond the scope of this course.
That goes double for me.
That goes for Tom, too.
That goes for you too!
That goes for you, too.
That goes on the other side.
That goes over my head.
That goes without saying.
That gold ring belonged to my mother.
That golden retriever is still a puppy.
That goldfish is terrified of the cat.
That got dark really fast.
That got everyone interested.
That got fixed.
That got me thinking.
That got us thinking.
That gradually became his habit.
That grammatical construction does not exist in the colloquial register of the language.
That gray building?
That gray-haired man is Tom's father.
That green stuff on your face makes you look like an ogre.
That grill was a gift from Tom.
That group is good.
That group is presently very active.
That group of people almost disappeared.
That group of scientists uses artificial intelligence on social media posts to predict depression and suicidality.
That group was created by Dick.
That grump is quick to blow his top when you tease him.
That grumpy old man was Tom's grandfather.
That guard tends to do everything by the book.
That guinea pig is so cute.
That guitar is so expensive that I can't buy it.
That guitar is so expensive that I can’t buy it.
That guitar is too expensive for me to buy.
That guitar isn't tuned.
That guitar never sounded so good when I played it.
That gummy just kicked in.
That gun is probably not loaded.
That guy I was just talking to wouldn't tell me his name.
That guy always goes over people's heads to get what he wants.
That guy always goes over people’s heads to get what he wants.
That guy annoys me.
That guy cannot handle his liquor.
That guy doesn't even know how to chop wood!
That guy doesn't have a girlfriend.
That guy doesn't know the meaning of the word harmony.
That guy drives me crazy.
That guy gave me the creeps.
That guy gave off a strange vibe.
That guy gives me the creeps.
That guy goes to the pharmacy.
That guy got married and started a family.
That guy happens to be a crook.
That guy has a lot of nerve.
That guy has a screw loose!
That guy has been staring at us.
That guy has very long legs.
That guy is Tom.
That guy is a bandit.
That guy is a bully.
That guy is a crook.
That guy is a douche.
That guy is a friend of mine named Tom.
That guy is a gem.
That guy is a man in women's clothing with a wig.
That guy is a party pooper.
That guy is a party spoiler.
That guy is a real weather vane: he constantly changes his mind.
That guy is a total bummer.
That guy is a weasel.
That guy is always asking his parents for money.
That guy is an outlaw.
That guy is as guilty as it gets.
That guy is batshit crazy.
That guy is completely nuts!
That guy is crazy.
That guy is everywhere, but nowhere at the same time.
That guy is going places.
That guy is gross.
That guy is having an affair with your sister!
That guy is just all talk and no action. Pay no attention to him.
That guy is just exploiting you.
That guy is looking at you.
That guy is not a he. He's a she.
That guy is off his rocker!
That guy is out of his mind.
That guy is pretty chill.
That guy is really a nutjob, don't kick against the pricks.
That guy is so lazy.
That guy is so tall!
That guy is strong.
That guy is such a loser.
That guy is totally nuts!
That guy is totally nuts.
That guy is two-faced.
That guy is very self-centered.
That guy is walking on tiptoe.
That guy is walking pigeon-toed.
That guy is weird.
That guy looks awfully familiar.
That guy looks exactly like Tom.
That guy looks just like Tom.
That guy looks like Tom.
That guy looks like a Jew.
That guy looks like your type.
That guy might be one of Tom's brothers.
That guy must have been a local.
That guy once intentionally hurt a puppy. You don't want to mess with him.
That guy over there asked me what your name was.
That guy over there doesn't even look like Tom.
That guy over there dressed in black is Tom.
That guy over there is Tom.
That guy over there is either Tom or someone who looks a lot like him.
That guy over there is looking at you.
That guy over there is selling doses.
That guy over there isn't Tom.
That guy over there looks just like Tom.
That guy over there looks like Tom.
That guy over there reminds me of somebody I used to know.
That guy over there reminds me of someone I used to know.
That guy really burns me up.
That guy really can dance.
That guy really doesn't want to work.
That guy really just does as he likes, doesn't he.
That guy said he had a wide, prominent forehead, but in fact, his hairline is receding.
That guy smells of garlic.
That guy standing in the corner over there can finish a smoke in less than a minute.
That guy standing over there is really creepy.
That guy still doesn't know who I am.
That guy stole my wallet! Stop him!
That guy thinks he's smarter than me. I'll show him!
That guy today, he's being too eccentric - I can't keep up with him.
That guy today, he’s being too eccentric - I can’t keep up with him.
That guy told me his name was Tom.
That guy took the best for himself.
That guy used glue sticks for capturing birds.
That guy was weird.
That guy who was just here gave me this for you.
That guy's a friend of mine.
That guy's amazing.
That guy's clearly tweaking.
That guy's following us.
That guy's got a big mouth.
That guy's incredible.
That guy's motor doesn't need to sound like that.
That guy's name is Ben - if my memory serves me correctly.
That guy's name is Leon and he lives in Algeria.
That guy's name is Tom.
That guy's name was Tom.
That guy's name wouldn't be Tom, would it?
That guy's poor, but he's honest.
That guy's really lazy. Every time that I go into his office, he's not there.
That guy's rolling in dough.
That guy's very embittered.
That guy's weird.
That guy’s name is Ben - if my memory serves me correctly.
That habit is acquired, not innate.
That had a big influence on me.
That had never happened to him before.
That had never happened to me before.
That had never happened to us before.
That had never occurred to me before.
That had not occurred to him before.
That had nothing to do with anything.
That had nothing to do with me.
That had to hurt.
That hadn't even occurred to me.
That hadn't happened to me in recent years.
That hadn't occurred to me.
That hairstyle makes her look old.
That hairy space alien doesn't speak English; he just understands it.
That half of the battle would not be easy.
That hamburger really was delicious.
That hammer is good for building houses.
That handbag is dear.
That handbag is expensive.
That handbag is mine.
That handbag is very expensive.
That happened Monday afternoon at Tom's.
That happened a little more than a year ago.
That happened a little over three years ago.
That happened a long time ago.
That happened a very long time ago.
That happened a week ago.
That happened a while ago.
That happened a year ago.
That happened about thirty years ago.
That happened about three hours ago.
That happened about three weeks ago.
That happened about three years ago.
That happened almost thirty years ago.
That happened almost three years ago.
That happened at night.
That happened before Tom became captain.
That happened before the war.
That happened before we met Tom.
That happened before we met.
That happened decades ago.
That happened exactly three years ago.
That happened here at Chuck's Diner.
That happened here.
That happened in 2013.
That happened in Algeria.
That happened in Berlin.
That happened in Boston three years ago.
That happened in October.
That happened in late October.
That happened in the '80s.
That happened in the 80s.
That happened in the eighties.
That happened in the winter of 2013.
That happened just a decade ago.
That happened just a year ago.
That happened just before Christmas.
That happened just last Monday.
That happened just last week.
That happened just recently.
That happened just the other day.
That happened last week.
That happened last year in early October.
That happened long ago.
That happened long before you were born.
That happened many months ago.
That happened many years before you were born.
That happened more than three years ago.
That happened near my house last night.
That happened not to be so easy.
That happened on October 20th, the day Tom was born.
That happened on October 20th.
That happened on Park Street.
That happened on a rainy October morning.
That happened on several occasions.
That happened only a few days ago.
That happened only a year ago.
That happened over a year ago.
That happened over three years ago.
That happened pretty fast, don't you think?
That happened right in front of us.
That happened seventeen years before the Wright brothers flew for the first time.
That happened several days ago.
That happened so infrequently.
That happened the night after Tom came.
That happened three days after Tom got back from Australia.
That happened three days after Tom got back from Boston.
That happened three days after Tom got back to Australia.
That happened three days after Tom got back to Boston.
That happened three days ago.
That happened three months ago.
That happened three years ago.
That happened to Tom, too.
That happened to Tom.
That happened to Ziri four times.
That happened to a friend of mine.
That happened to me as well.
That happened to me once, too.
That happened to me this morning.
That happened to me twice.
That happened to me, too.
That happened to me.
That happened to my friend.
That happened to us, too.
That happened to you because you were careless.
That happened to you because you weren't careful.
That happened to you since you weren't careful.
That happened two or three days ago.
That happened way before you were born.
That happened while Tom was in Boston.
That happened years ago.
That happened yesterday.
That happens a lot here.
That happens a lot less often this video suggests.
That happens a lot, apparently.
That happens a lot, doesn't it?
That happens a lot.
That happens all the time, doesn't it?
That happens all the time.
That happens all too often.
That happens even with famous people.
That happens every day, doesn't it?
That happens every day.
That happens in Australia, too.
That happens in life.
That happens more often than you think.
That happens more than you might think.
That happens often enough in the summer.
That happens often, so I don't worry about it.
That happens often, so don't worry about it.
That happens quite often here.
That happens sometimes.
That happens to all of us.
That happens to be an unrelated matter.
That happens to be the truth.
That happens to be true.
That happens to be why I came here today.
That happens to be wrong.
That happens to everyone.
That happens to me a lot.
That happens to me all the time.
That happens to me sometimes.
That happens to us a lot.
That happens to us all the time.
That happens.
That happiness doesn't last long.
That happiness won't last.
That hard working boy is bound to succeed.
That hardly amazes me.
That hardly mattered.
That hardly matters any more.
That hardly matters anymore.
That hardly seems fair.
That hardly seems to matter anymore.
That has absolutely nothing to do with me.
That has absolutely nothing to do with you.
That has actually also already been researched before by somebody.
That has actually happened to me twice.
That has allowed the creation of 4.000 new jobs.
That has already happened to me.
That has already happened.
That has always been so.
That has become natural for Ziri.
That has become painfully clear.
That has become the norm.
That has been an evil rabbit.
That has been my dream since childhood.
That has been my experience, anyhow.
That has been the puzzle of Yanni's life.
That has been the tendency for the last 20 years.
That has been written into five different languages.
That has changed everything.
That has changed now.
That has fallen out of style.
That has got to be a mistake.
That has happened before.
That has happened to me several times.
That has happened to us several times.
That has never ever happened to me before.
That has never happened here.
That has never happened to me, touch wood.
That has never happened to me.
That has never happened.
That has no bearing on our plan.
That has no bearing on the matter.
That has no bearing on the problem.
That has no value to me.
That has nothing to do with Tom.
That has nothing to do with any of this.
That has nothing to do with him.
That has nothing to do with it.
That has nothing to do with me.
That has nothing to do with our business.
That has nothing to do with the question.
That has nothing to do with this problem.
That has nothing to do with this.
That has nothing to do with us.
That has nothing to do with what we're talking about.
That has nothing to do with what you just said.
That has nothing to do with you.
That has now been achieved.
That has really helped us.
That has since been changed.
That has something to do with this problem.
That has started to change.
That has to be a misprint.
That has to be a mistake.
That has to be done.
That has to be kept secret.
That has to be proved first.
That has to be proven first.
That has to be taken into account, too.
That has to change.
That has to do with money.
That has to go through the grandparents.
That has us concerned.
That hasn't been confirmed.
That hasn't been decided yet.
That hasn't been decided.
That hasn't been done yet.
That hasn't been made yet.
That hasn't been my experience.
That hasn't been proven yet.
That hasn't been proven.
That hasn't been the case in Algeria.
That hasn't convinced me.
That hasn't happened in a long time.
That hasn't happened in three years.
That hasn't happened since October.
That hasn't happened since last October.
That hasn't happened since last September.
That hasn't happened to me in recent years.
That hasn't happened to you before, has it?
That hasn't happened yet.
That hasn't happened.
That hasn't helped me at all in my life.
That hasn't helped.
That hasn't really been the case in Algeria.
That hasn't yet been decided.
That hasn't yet happened.
That hat becomes you.
That hat cost around fifty dollars.
That hat cost fifty dollars.
That hat costs about 50 dollars.
That hat doesn't fit me.
That hat doesn't fit you very well.
That hat doesn't fit you.
That hat is bigger.
That hat is mine.
That hat is too floppy! I love it!
That hat is too small for you.
That hat is very much in fashion.
That hat looks cute on you.
That hat looks good on Tom.
That hat looks good on her.
That hat looks good on him.
That hat looks good on you.
That hat looks kind of stupid.
That hat looks really good on Tom.
That hat matches the suit.
That hat matches your outfit.
That hat there belongs to me.
That hat there is mine.
That haughty girl thinks she's better than everyone.
That he comes here is surprising.
That he did such a terrible thing is certain.
That he grew up in America is well-known.
That he grew up in China is well-known.
That he is a genius is clear to everyone.
That he is a man of character cannot be denied.
That he is alive is certain.
That he is in love with her is true.
That he is innocent is quite certain.
That he loved her was certain.
That he passed the exam is surprising to us.
That he refused our proposal was big surprise to us.
That he should behave like this!
That he should say such a thing!
That he should think so is quite natural.
That he survived was remarkable.
That he was busy is true.
That he was not listened to, and his advice scorned and spurned, was not Machiavelli's fault.
That he will come is certain.
That he will fail is certain.
That he will succeed is certain.
That he would be able to do.
That he would do that is unthinkable.
That heading goal is impressive, to say the least.
That headline was extremely misleading.
That headset is Paraguayan.
That heartless bastard dumped her.
That heartless guy is trying with all his might to ruin me.
That helmet saved your life.
That helped a great deal.
That helped a lot.
That helped him a lot.
That helped me a lot.
That helped me get over him.
That helped me quite a bit.
That helped us a lot.
That helped you a lot, didn't it?
That helped you a lot.
That helped.
That helps a bit.
That helps a lot.
That helps all of us.
That helps for sure.
That helps me fall asleep.
That helps out a lot.
That helps sometimes.
That helps us a lot.
That helps us out.
That hen hasn't laid any eggs at all, lately.
That hen hasn’t laid any eggs at all, lately.
That high mountain is Mt. Tsukuba.
That hit the spot.
That hole should be filled, not covered.
That home brew of Tom's packs a punch.
That honeycomb looks succulent.
That horror movie was very scary and I couldn't sleep after watching it.
That horror movie was very scary and I couldn’t sleep after watching it.
That horse belongs to Tom.
That horse came in first place.
That horse came in first.
That horse can speak.
That horse can talk.
That horse has placed first twice in Naadam.
That horse is not white.
That horse is very expensive.
That horse is white.
That horse lives next to the valley.
That horse may be a good bet.
That horse runs fast.
That hospital is one of the oldest institutions in the city.
That hotel belongs to my brother-in-law.
That hotel chain employs thousands of people.
That hotel has a homely atmosphere.
That hotel has a homey atmosphere.
That hotel is easy to get to from the station.
That hotel is not all it's cracked up to be.
That hotel is not all it’s cracked up to be.
That hotel is too expensive for me.
That hotel is very cheap and dirty. Can you really sleep there?
That hotel is very close to the station.
That hotel is very close to the train station.
That hotel is very near the lake.
That hotel isn't all it's cracked up to be.
That hotel really goes the extra mile to make sure their guests feel at home.
That hotel serves good food.
That hotel serves good plain food.
That hotel serves very good food.
That hotel was established about 50 years ago.
That hotel was good and inexpensive.
That hotel was very near the lake.
That hotel will cost you much more during peak season than off-season.
That house appears deserted.
That house belongs to her.
That house belongs to him.
That house belongs to me.
That house belongs to them.
That house belongs to us.
That house belongs to you.
That house cried for a coat of paint.
That house cried out for a coat of paint.
That house doesn't belong to Tom anymore.
That house had a horrible vibe to it.
That house has been sold.
That house is big.
That house is built of bricks.
That house is famous.
That house is for rent.
That house is for sale.
That house is haunted by Tom's ghost.
That house is haunted.
That house is his.
That house is made of wood and stone.
That house is mine.
That house is much better than his house.
That house is much better than this.
That house is not satisfactory for my needs.
That house is ours.
That house is really better than this house.
That house is really small.
That house is small, but it's big enough for us.
That house is the only one that survived the fire.
That house is the place where I was born.
That house is the same style as mine.
That house is theirs.
That house is unoccupied.
That house is vacant now.
That house is very small.
That house isn't for sale.
That house isn't very big.
That house looks nice.
That house needs repainting.
That house needs repairs.
That house no longer belongs to Tom.
That house once belonged to Yanni's parents.
That house over there is Tom's.
That house over there is mine.
That house over there is where Tom and Mary live.
That house over there is where Tom lives.
That house over there's mine.
That house there is where Tom lives.
That house was built by my cousin.
That house was empty.
That house was in the middle of nowhere.
That house was so poorly built that no floors were level and no walls were plumb.
That house was vacant.
That house was very comfortable.
That house with a red roof is my uncle's.
That house with the red roof is Tom's house.
That house with the red roof is Tom's.
That house with the red roof is Tom’s house.
That house, the roof of which is red, is my uncle’s.
That house, with the roof you can see from here, belongs to Mr. Baker.
That huge mammal is called an elephant.
That hurt a lot.
That hurt for a week.
That hurt for days.
That hurt like crazy.
That hurt quite a bit.
That hurt quite a lot.
That hurt.
That hurts a lot.
That hurts! Stop it!
That hurts, so stop it.
That hurts.
That hut is crawling with lizards and insects.
That hut's floor is of bamboo.
That ice cream sundae really hit the spot.
That idea hadn't crossed my mind.
That idea is a good one.
That idea is really good.
That idea is ridiculous.
That idea is so dumb that it's a complete non-starter.
That idea isn't bad.
That idea isn't good enough since it was you who said it.
That idea isn’t bad.
That idea never presented itself then.
That idea never presented itself to me.
That idea of yours was a good one.
That idea seems good but it needs to be tried out.
That idea seems good, but it needs to be tried out.
That idea sent a shiver down my spine.
That idea sounds good to me.
That idea was a springboard for further discussions about sex.
That idea was discarded as soon as it was brought up.
That idea we were discussing in class yesterday really piqued my interest.
That idea's not bad.
That idiom is as phony as a coin with my face on it.
That idiot Tom should have guessed that the last word in this sentence would of course be for Mary.
That idiot came looking for me.
That illness left nothing of him.
That image has stayed with me since then.
That image has stuck in my mind.
That image is cursed.
That image is stuck in my head.
That imam still preaches here.
That imam was in many ways a father figure to me.
That impish man is a preeminent economist.
That impish man over there is my ex-husband.
That impostor called himself a doctor.
That in itself is concerning.
That in itself isn't unusual.
That incident almost cost me my job.
That incident changed Sami's life.
That incident changed Tom's life.
That incident changed my life.
That incident changed their lives.
That incident drew his interest.
That incident had a profound effect on my life.
That incident happened right in front of him.
That incident happened when Tom was thirteen.
That incident happened when both Tom and Mary were thirteen.
That incident harmed his reputation.
That incident is printed on my mind.
That incident landed Ziri in detention.
That incident made him famous.
That incident never happened.
That incident occurred five years ago, before all this started.
That incident put his courage to the test.
That incident ruined the moment.
That incident severely harmed diplomatic ties between the two countries.
That incident was a black mark against the president.
That incident was an isolated event.
That incident was forever seared into my mind.
That incident was the final nail in Yanni's coffin.
That incident wasn't an isolated event.
That incident would stick with Ziri for the rest of his life.
That includes digitalized representations of masterpieces from the Louvre museum in Paris or manuscripts of composers like Beethoven — or books from libraries around Europe — although only a small fraction of the region's 2.5 billion books will be available online in the coming years.
That includes everything.
That individual is more cunning than the devil.
That industry rapidly disappeared.
That industry shouldn't exist.
That ineffable condescension of a God made man, shedding his blood for the redemption of all men, was the most powerful motive that induced the Church to take such a zealous interest in the manumission of slaves.
That infernal home!
That inflammation looks bad... it'll be best if a doctor takes a look at it.
That information came to me from a trusted source.
That information is ancillary to our discussion.
That information is classified.
That information isn't correct.
That information may help us solve the murder.
That ingredient seems to me to spoil the taste.
That inn by the sea has a nice view.
That inn is 5,000 yen a night, meals excluded.
That insect can only be found in very dense leafy forests.
That inspired Tom.
That inspiring talk with David helped overcome the problem.
That institution must be protected.
That instrument is huge.
